I don't know how this restaurant got to be Zagat-rated because the food here is terrible.
I loved the ambience and the service was great, but the food was just bad. The lemonade tasted like it was from a mix, the coke was watery. The sushi was the worst I've ever had; in fact I've had better from a supermarket. The sushi rice was overcooked and the rolls just had no flavor. The hamburger and coleslaw were mediocre.
When we complained about the food, the server gave us complimentary ice cream. Even that was terrible.
Conveniently located but not worth the price at all.I found this restaurant because it's near where we are staying in New Orleans, but I'm so glad I did!  The vibe is very casual and comfortable.  I began coming here for the sushi, but found other more traditional menu items which kept me coming including an awesome steak.  I enjoy the variety of the menu as it can suit whatever my mood may be.  I also appreciate -- in a town that is all about fancy and pricy restaurants -- to find somewhere with really good food and excellent cocktails, but for very reasonable prices.  I think some people are suspicious because the menu prices seem low, but do they have to raise the prices to make people pay attention? 
Further, I am not sure what the other reviewers were talking about in relation to the service, as I was totally pleased every time I have been there and have found the servers to be pleasant, courteous, efficient and attentive.  (Sometimes I think the reviewers here are a little overly aggressive!)  
All in all, I would definitely recommend Sun Ray Grill for a nice dinner out or with a large group as I have been there with both and received excellent service in both situations.My realtors brought me here because it's owned by their family member. However, when I met the owner (Chris), he was less than pleasant when introductions were made; as if it was too cumbersome to greet a new customer...and we met in the parking lot outside, so it's not like he was heavily involved with the restaurant. His lackluster attitude will certainly prevent me from patronizing or recommending his business in the future. 
Anyway, on to the food...
We ordered: Chicken nachos; Teriyaki chicken with coconut rice & cucumber salad; and, Beef quesadillas. The menu was inventive and boasted of a great variety of items. However, a better theme would help to tie in this vastly expansive menu. Overall, the food was ok. Nothing that I'd return for but relatively good at the time, I guess.Strictly average. The food was good but nothing special and pretty forgettable. The service was pretty good although our waiter kept referring to my friends and I as "girls" which was really annoying because we are nearing 30 years old. It just felt a little condescending. The restaurant was clean but also empty. Only our table and another group. Not quite sure why.
Overall, not a bad place. Mediocre food. Very forgettable.The pecan crusted salad at this place is to die for! I never tried the sushi but it looks appetizing The grilled chicken sandwich is ok not phenomenal. The 100 gallon fishtank adds character to a warehouse district grill.
 HH is daily and the margaritas are well worth $5..I SAY!!! They ship the margaritas to you on a crane--they are huge! Bottoms up...Once more, we have been to SunRay numerous times w/o any significant problem.
I am a Cajun, from the Parishes, from a family of wonderful cooks.  I am very, very particular re food.  We live in 'hood and eat out almost every night.  The negative comments here are just not in line with reality.
No, this is not the best restaurant in town.  But, we, who are thoroughly familiar with the area, history, food, and this place; continue to eat here regularly.
RickWe were in NOLA for a convention in October 2012, and had the great fortune to enjoy this place on several nights because it was close to our hotel. We had our young child with us, so our restaurant options were a little limited. 
We loved our food both nights we went - the items I shared with my wife and little one were: grilled fish tacos, grilled Mahi Mahi, shrimp and grits, and blackened drum. All entrees very tasty and well prepared - served at the correct temperature by very friendly staff. Guacamole prepared at our tableside was delicious.
Drinks were well made (although the margarita was a little "generic" tasting - do the lemon drop instead, it tasted like the juice was freshly squeezed...). I know that some have said the service was sub-par, but that was not our experience. On our first night, they were a little slow on the draw, but were very aware of this (there was a large, private party in the other side of the place, and they seemed demanding...) and made it up to us. Overall, will definitely go back when in town! 
Tip: Get the brownie à la mode, it's great!Can't comment on the food because I've never eaten here, but I certainly don't trust a business that neglects to fulfill their ends of agreements. I bought the deck of City Dining cards only to find they backed out! Pretty uncool. I'll take my money elsewhere. Luckily for the other participating restaurants, I'm an excellent spender and an avid foodie. Another restaurant will get double the business from me once I turn in Sunray's card for a duplicate of theirs!When we arrived at the Sun Ray Grill, it was not crowded at all. I stood at the hostess stand for about five minutes before someone came to seat us (there were several staff in the restaurant who saw us during this time, but no one bothered to see if they could help us). Once we were finally seated, we looked at the menu and didn't see the sushi menu . We waited for a waitress to come over (another five minutes) and asked her about it. Apparently they closed down the sushi bar two months ago, but never bothered to change their website. So, we left. I can't comment on the food here, but the general atmosphere was certainly not welcoming. Womp womp.Great beer selections and amazing spinach and artichoke dip!!:) We stopped in here about half an hour before it closed and were the only ones sitting at the bar. The bartender was very friendly and helpful. We couldn't decide what kind of beer we wanted to get, so she gave us some samples, which was really helpful! The beer was great. We just wanted something to snack on, so we got the spinach and artichoke dip, and it was delicious. The rest of the food on their menu looked really good as well. Definitely check this place out, especially if you are walking from the Garden District back to the French Quarter!In the past couple of years, I luckily get to go to New Orleans for work at least once a year. Though the trips aren't long they are still just enough time to learn something new about this wonderful city. 
Now while I do love New Orleans I am not a huge fan of the food (I know, what's wrong with me!!) it's typically just a little too heavy and way too much sauce. Of course the heavier items exist on this menu but it was nice to have the options of a great little side salad and yummy fish tacos for lunch. Although now that i think about it I think the tacos were considered appetizers.  I'll go back next time I'm in town.the thai chicken here was soooo yummy. It came with cucmber salad and some of the best coconut rice I've had. The ribs are also good , my boyfriends fave. Why the bad reviews i suggest you try again and maybe order something different. were you at the same place? the raspberry mojito is amazing. the service was great and the atmosphere just as good.I have to say I could not  be any happier ! If there were more stars to give i would. 
Recently had to have an event for a large dinner presentation. In recent i mean like yesterday.  Dana - the owner of the restaurant was very helpful throughout the entire process. Every time i called he answered the phone. Every e-mail sent he responded in a timely manner.  Which i believe speaks highly ! 
I am based in Los Angeles, so finding a venue in New Orleans for this presentation was quite the task but i could not be any happier ! 
& the food : All of the guests had nothing but great things to say. Our guests said the prime rib was delicious ! One of the doctors who works with us that was at the dinner is very picky with his food and what he is willing to eat , he too was impressed which says a lot ! 
Nonetheless, great place great food !All I have to say is that the food is PHENOMENAL! Was in NOLA for a conference at the Hampton Inn and Suites which was right down the street of Sun Ray Grills. As a part of a Public Health organization, we LOVED that the menu featured wild caught fish and that their menu was modified to meet the "Eat Fit NOLA" initiative. Feel good aspect aside, THE FOOD IS FANTASTIC! My team ordered basically the whole menu inlcuding the Smoked Lemonfish tacos (DELISH), Grilled Fish Tacos, Jerk Shrimp with Coconut Rice, Poblano Rice and Beans, Grilled Mixed Veggies, Roasted Corn and Peppers, and the Bread Pudding with Amaretto Custard Sauce. ALL the dishes were incredibly tasty and full of flavor. The staff was incredibly sweet and accommodating as we continued to add to our order. Not a single complaint and we WILL be back before venturing back to DC and Atlanta. Nom, nom, NOM!Don't expect them deliver when it's raining. Placed order for delivery. Received a call 40 minutes later stating they are a little behind due to weather. Another 30 minutes later I call for update and was told that they are waiting on weather because delivery guy has no car and no umbrella. Asked me if I could come pick up because the food  has been ready but they can't deliver.  Why would I want to eat food that has been sitting for an hour???  Why would they want to serve/deliver food that has been sitting that long??  So after an hour of waiting for food, had to start over and order from another establishment.Dana and the Sun Ray team put on a great event!  Not only is the food awesome, but the service and care of guests is top notch!  Would def put my event in their hands anytime!I am amending my review due to the fact that the owner contacted me and they stood behind their food. I must have caught an off night and just ordered incorrectly. I still believe the wine list could be improved but will return and try the food suggested next time. My only regret is that it took me so long to update my review. The service was good and atmosphere was enjoyable.This place is closed, after an $8 can ride on reccomendation of the bell hop we had to hail another cab as the place is closed and out of businessJohn reviewing Sun Ray made me realize that I didn't have a review...although I'm convinced I wrote one.  Oh well, Yelp! gets hungry on occasion.
This is a great place to go with a group who cannot agree on food style or genre. It has a very diverse menu which means something on it will come out mediocre.  But they usually do prepare most dishes well.  I know we ended up here on Father's Day in 2008 after our first choice was shut down by flooding...it was a crazy day.  My Dad really liked both his martini and the duck.  And I think I fought with one of my brothers over appetizers...but I can't remember any other details since my brothers & I fight over food fairly often.
But here's my BIG addendum to John's review.  Yes, there is a parking lot.  But for goodness sake, DO NOT TRY TO USE IT @ NIGHT.  It has no lights and is not safe.  I was headed over to Sun Ray one evening with friends and turned into the lot and...I'm still not certain what I saw going on in the back corner, maybe solicitation, maybe a drug deal, but whatever it was it was supremely sketchy and made me slam into reverse &  buzz out of the parking lot pretty darn quick.  When I mentioned it to the staff at the restaurant, their response was that they wished the parking lot had lights.  Yipes.Nice place to eat lunch or dinner.  Great location, free parking, awesome food.  We had a fun time celebrating my birthday there.  Great drinks too.
I can't wait to go back again when I visit New Orleans next.I used to order from Sun Ray way more than I care to admit, and the past several times I have done so, I've really regretted not ordering elsewhere.  Tonight, for instance, my steak was fully HALF fat.  At least the fries were great, but my side of goat cheese dressing came instead as just goat cheese.  (So I paid $0.75 for just goat cheese... that I am supposed to do what with?)  I guess that's better than last time when I was charged $1 for dressing that I wasn't even given.
I also used to LOVE Sun Ray's bread pudding, but the past few times I've ordered it, it has been quite lacking -- including pieces of hard bread that didn't get softened.  Who wants bread pudding with what appears to be hard pieces of hamburger buns in it?
It makes me sad to say, but I think I may have to give up on Sun Ray.  Which is a shame because it is one of the quickest delivery places around, which is great when I get home from work late and don't have the energy to cook and am too hungry to wait long.Unfortunately, Sun Ray grill has closed its doors.  As a next door neighbor, they were a bit inconsistent, but loved the fact that they delivered (and even to the pool)!!!!  
Can't wait to see what goes in there next and hope they will deliver too.  
Sun Ray will be greatly missed...This is going to be  a short review. The food is okay, nothing special. The interesting thing, they have a variety of choices. What do I mean?
Sushi. Burgers. Muffalettas. Etc. It is fusion of whatever the owner likes and offers to his customers -- American, Japanese, Cajun cuisine. 
I had some sushi for a catered event. Pretty good fish. Rice is okay -- I found it a little bit dry but it works well enough? My recommendation is if you want sushi, find a Japanese restaurant. 
Jambalaya -- solid. I am never a fan of it but its averagely good. 
Guacamole dip -- averagely good as well.
Bacon guacamole burger -- i'd give it a 6 ouf of 10. Note 5 is average so it was a decently made burger. I would give the fries...a 7 out of 10. (McDonald and Rally fries are usually a 9). 
Overall, the food is just okay. The service is pretty good. Friendly waiters and a manager would seems accommodating. If you want a place that offers variety and space, then this is the place to hang. If you want great cuisine, Id only consider Sun Ray Grill as a second or third option.11Jan12 Update; SunRay Grill Annunciation Street
The good and the bad:
My favorite three dishes here have been discontinued:  "Gaucho steak", fried lobster taco, & Bleu cheese burger with pink onion relish.  And, "Alexis" has been "lured away" by Emeril.
OTOH, the new sushi chef is better.  The sushi was always good-tasting & priced reasonably;  but, now it looks better.  The steak has been replaced with a similar dish, not quite as good.
With all of the nice little places in out 'hood which cater to locals, we tend to go for a specific dish.  That said, the menu is quite varied, eclectic, and everything is good and up to area standards.
This place has a stable, happy waitstaff, which speaks to good management.  The owner, Dana, is frequently in-house  and is very interested in customers' opinions.
I don't understand how anyone, as a previous reviewer, would rate SunRay negatively re "Juan's Flying Burrito"; SunRay is much, much better in EVERY catagory.
This is a very good place to take visitors who tire of "Italian Creole" or who have widely varying tastes.  There is something here for everyone, something very good.  And, if one doesn't know; locals places depend on discriminating repeat customers, so are always better than tourist places.
There are 4 sections:  outdoor balcony, general dining, sushi, & bar area.  One can see the parking area from 3 of the 4.
Some advice:  1)  If parking is attended during "events", one must tell attendant forcefully "I am going to eat at SunRay".  2)  In this, and all owner-managed locals places; if something is wrong, tell someone right away !  Don't wait to complain later.  The entire staff truly desires to get it right, ASAP.  3)  If you don't see exactly what strikes your fancy, inquire re other possibilities; unless the kitchen is swamped, they usually will re-arrange choices.
One other note:  This is probably the "best-kept secret" singles bar in town.  Residents of this & nearby condo bldgs are nice, busy young pros; who freqently drop-by for a drink or three, or a snack.  Never a "meat market" or snobby dress-up scene.  These are attractive young folks who have real lives.  As an old married man, I find myself calling bachelor buddies to rush over, as there are 3 or 4 "hotties" alone at the bar.
Bottom line:  Solid, comfortable well-run locals place with good prices/variety, good parking, great staff, & no greasy food.So I just moved into the Cotton Mill, and I was very excited to see that this place was attached to it, great lazy night dinner! However, they close at 9 o'clock, and I work an hour away till about 8 everyday, so it took me a while to be able to actually go there. But I was able to escape from work early the other day, and made it a point to eat here.
The menu is full of very heavy food items , they like meat. It kinda took me a while to figure out what I wanted to eat... but then I saw it... the bacon brie burger... yes, that is a burger with brie on it, and a lot of it... cooked medium rare, it was quite fantastic. The Abita Amber washed it down quite nicely, and the side of fries were A-OK. The waitstaff is also very friendly, when they found out that i lived in the building they have me a free beer to take home. The next day I went back and had a Southwest Chicken Quesadilla.... wasn't as good as the burger... but I am a pretty harsh critic of quesadilla and quesadilla-like foods, being from New Mexico.
All in all, I will definitely be eating here quite often.Nice environment, nice staffs. 
The crawfish bruschetta was delicious! Ipanema salad was great too. 
But overall, I was not very impressed about their food.I have been here many times over the years, but I rarely deviate from the shrimp quesadilla, which is filled with grilled red onions, cheese and shrimp, and served with a chipotle aioli. Quesadillas are so simple and basic, but I've never had one that tasted as good as this one.
My friend had the fish and chips, the fish pieces were huge. It looked like Willie Mae's fried chicken - it had that same dark, crackly crust. Seemed a little pricey, though, at $16 or $17. It only came with the fries. Sun Ray offers a barbecued half-rack of ribs with two sides for $14.50, so I wonder what gives with the high priced fish and chips.
Watermelon lemonade was good, and even though the menu said no-refills they graciously topped me off. 
Service was pleasant.While in town for a conference, I ate here since it looked like a good menu and was close to the convention center. The food was decent, but the service was terrible. 
First the bad: It was busy, but there were some empty tables. The hostess seated me with a menu and a gentleman took my drink order. He brought me my Diet Coke but was not an actual waiter, so I waited, and waited, the drink server brought me another Diet Coke, and waited more, and after 15 minutes of not having anyone take my order, I asked the hostess if someone would be coming. She came over and took my order but was not happy about it, and a waiter eventually dashed by, apologized for the delay and said he'd be waiting on me. Yet, it was the hostess who brought out my salad. After I finished it, the waiter came by to mention that there was a delay at the sushi counter so my order would still be a while. Meanwhile, people who came in after I did, had ordered before I did, received their food. When the waiter finally delivered my sushi, I asked for the check immediately. I don't recall any further apologies for the multiple delays or the lack of decent service, and no offers were made to make up for it. 
The good: the caesar salad was delicious. I found myself wishing I'd ordered a large, not a small. It's not easy to get excited about caesar salad, but this was good. I couldn't make up my mind on sushi, so I ordered both the Ring of Fire and the Dragon's Fire. Both were good with a lot of kick.
If you are in the neighborhood, looking for unique sushi and have no schedule, this might be a place to check out. I enjoyed the food (hence 2 stars, not 1), but the service left such a sour taste in my mouth, I wouldn't suggest it unless you don't mind being ignored.i've avoided writing this for a few months because when i say the kinds of things i need to say about this place my reviews get flagged.  So left hand squeezing the jewels, i'm one-handing this and keeping it scattered so i don't waste a brilliant critical diatribe on such an un-deserving attempt.
My last visit to the Sun Ray trumped and negated all previous experiences, and still turns my chum thinking of the disgrace and general perturbation that manifested from that random stop.  To be honest i'm still pissed.  And pissed that i'm pissed.  I cannot even form a coherent sentence much less paragraph without shaking and thrashing about (which makes it hard to type), so here are the shattered fragments of what i scream in person when random A brings it up (no "foam-at-the-yelp" option yet, so just imagine that i get suddenly Sam Kinison/ early Bobcat here:
Our app dip bowl was satan hot.  the dip was cold in the middle.  It was also made of foodservice-grade alfredo sauce. The parmesan on top was grated rind.  The manager denied this, assured that everything was "housemade."  Hydrolyzed soybeans are hard to do in house.  Impressive.  I know what godforsaken Ragu freakin' alfredo sauce tastes like! (screaming.)  
My sandwich came with "housemade aioli," which at the Sun Ray is foodservice brand Heavy Duty Mayonnaise.  I know we were the first table in an early dinner, but please (TAKE NOTE RESTAURANT OWNERS!!!!!!) TAKE THE THE TIME TO SCRAPE THE PREVIOUS DAY'S GUNK OFF THE TOP OF THE MAYO BEFORE SERVING IT!  Even when you put it in a little cup, i can see the translucent (no longer opaque) dried-semen film of un-stabilized fats, and worse: I can still TASTE it.  It's gross.  Worse, it's lying to my face.
I could go on.  For pages.  But i'm going to stop, with one more very contemptible complaint.  They added a sushi bar recently, and as my woman and I are both tuna whores (albi-whores), we added sashimi to our table.  But alas, as all else in the meal was a fail, the fish flesh that arrived at the table for eight or nine dollars was about of teaspoon of meat.  It was folded all pretty like so we wouldn't notice, but i noticed just like in noticed everything else.
yerrrawrr garblegarblegarble.  fleeheth.This place was really good. We went early in the evening and it was pretty empty but the service was good and the coconut rice was fan flippin tastic!We recently maried in New Orleans and held our rehearsal dinner here.  
I can't say enough about the food and the service. Alexis from catering designed a special menu for us and my guests were completely blown away by both the food and the ambience!!!!.   She was so helpful and wonderful!! The roasted avery island duck was  to die for and we also had bbq shrimp , yummy creole fish dish and pecan rstd chix salad which was all so very yummy.   It was a night I'll remember for all of my life.  Dana (the owner) was so nice and let us bring in a tv for a slideshow of me and charlie's life.   
Thanks Sun Ray for making our night so wonderful!  The space is so open and cool also!  Debbie and Charlie!!!I've been here twice, once for lunch 2 years ago and again for brunch this past Sunday. Both times, my thoughts were that the food here was bland and overpriced. I've heard a number of people describe the food here as good. I completely disagree. In the words of Dave Chapelle citing the late "great" Rick James, "I wish I had four hands I could give 'em four thumbs down!!!!" 
The food is no reason to go here. I last went here for a catered brunch. Everything about the whole experience was awful. We had a private event, so the place was shut down. The line was over an hour and a half long. There were roughly 200 or so people there, or it seemed like it, and there was only 1 buffet line. O_o Huh? The whole restaurant is packed and only 1 line? That makes as much sense as sticking your tongue on a metal pole in a New York winter. The service was terrible, but only because there were a handful of people working...did I mention that it was a packed restaurant???
The food was expensive and there was nothing special about it. For that price, I could 've gone to Emeril's or Commander's Palace and ate like I was a Saudi Prince. C'mon man. Ya'll need to do better!!! 
All this and the restaurant had no identity. A sushi bar and grill? Pick one. 
/drops mic and walks off/Food:  pretty good but a little pricey.  This place's saving grace is its proximity to the convention center.
Service:  Teeeeerrible.  Incredibly long waiting time even with only a few people in the [large] restaurant.  Waiters/waitresses dodged us whenever they could... which was made more impressive by our table being 2 feet away from the hostess station/cashier.I think this is an absolutely wonderful restaurant and,
in my 62 years, I've eaten at some of the best, around
the world.  What makes it even nicer is that the Sun Ray
Grill was the concept of Dana Deutsch, the son of one
of my nursing school classmates!!!
I have eaten here several times and was most  delighted, 
two years ago, when a national nursing conference brought 
a whole group of us to New Orleans. I immediately planned 
that we should go to the Sun Ray and it was a very memorable
evening for the twenty of us....many of us had their soft shell 
crab special - I have never had it prepared so well!!!!
Their Siamese riblets were excellent and I also tried the crab
cakes, another very special dish.  On another occasion, I've
had their Acadian pasta - penne, with crawfish, shrimp and 
pulled duck served with mushrooms, herbs and cream.
Lots of choices on the menu, all of the ones I've tried were
excellent.I have been going to this location for the last 3 years and it seems to get worse and worse.  The wait to get food is extremely long everytime.  We ordered appitizers and they were delivered with our meals.  The servers hands reeked of cigarette smoke and when she was removing our dishes she stacked all of them up in front of me.  At one point she set the ice tea pitcher on the floor.  The food is good here but the service stinks.I have never in my whole had sushi and fish tacos as good as I did at sun ray grill the chef's were great and every one was so nice. You have so many different things on the menu to order from it is nice to have options. In short sun ray is the best place in New Orleans to eat.Hoke poke tuna app was amazing. Pecan crusted chicken salad great! Very cool environment. I got my food to go because I was in town for business and wanted to be at my hotel--definitely worth trying.Stopped in for lunch this afternoon and the food was good.  The Aloha Sushi is closed until 4 PM.  That's right closed, it opens at 4 PM, which is a weird time and upsets me that sushi is held at ransom.  Is this a ploy to engage the senior market in for an early bird sushi special?
The menu offers a lot of different things; this is a good place when you can't decide what you want to eat, or if you and a diner can't agree on what to eat.  I like a mix of this and that offerings.  Their salads are pretty big, so you will feel full after combing through a bowl of greens and other delightful assortments, such as goat cheese; pecans; etc.  I opted for the chicken club pita, which I enjoyed and ended up only eating half.  It is also served with your choice of fries, coleslaw or fruit.
Our service was a little slow and we were a little neglected by our server, which was unfortunate.  The restaurant had a good amount of people in it, but I wouldn't say it was crowded and super busy; seemed manageable for the staff.
Sun Ray is in a great neighborhood and has a parking lot nearby.  Smoking is allowed under the awning upfront, but on a warm day, it may be a little too hot.  I like this location and would recommend it.  The food is always good!Sun Ray Update:
Sushi, no more !
One of the best cheeseburgers in this City.
Spicy pork rib-let appetizer is terrific, but too expensive; I have to get it, anyway !
New menu reveals that Dana must have been visiting Latin America.
 Try the guacamole !  
Big partying crowds Friday night, in anticipation of LSU & N.O. Saints game this weekend.
Nothing "FAKE" in here !
Stable, happy wait-staff is a big plus.
Bottom Line:  A great all-around dining choice ! 
RickWe live nearby & are frequent diners here @ Sun Ray.  I just do not understand the poor reviews I see on here.  
We eat at Sun Ray a couple times per month, or more. We have NEVER had any bad experience here.  I am from Acadia Parish, am a home cook & am from a family of excellent cooks.  I have spent my time fishing, pulling shrimp trawls, etc.  Very familiar with most of the eateries in this and all nearby neighborhoods.  Grandmother grew up on Esplanade Avenue.  My ethnicity is Louisiana French, Cajun, & White Creole.  Have llived here, Houston, Corpus, Austin, Panama City, Thibodaux, Lafayette, etc.  I am rambling so that the reader may see that I am very qualified to comment on N.O. food & restaurants.
I don't usually do. this many or as frequent full reviews on a restaurant; BUT, it looks to me that someone is waging a complaint war on this good place.
Sun Ray has a varied menu.  Nothing here is below par.  Parking is convenient.  Place is always clean, including restrooms.  Waitstaff is happy and STABLE.  
Dishes offered are of very varied types; mix of real sushi, American fare, some Creole-type dishes, a few California or Cali-Mex items, steak, & burgers.
One con (or, pro) is that the menu changes frequently.  Some of the changes are real and some are mostly re-naming items.  Constants are a very good burger in several variations, a good basic medium size steak, fresh sushi, & nice salads.
The "crispy duck" is recently back, as appetizer or main course, and is tres-delish.  The "lobster taco" seems long-gone.
Some advice:  the owner, Dana, or one of his "managers" is always there. Please discuss any requests or desired items with them.
I always specify that the chef flatten my burger patty and not over-cook it.  I do this everywhere.
I always carry a good very bright flashlight at night.  I have never seen anything out of order in either of Sun Ray's parking areas.  Frequently, there is a NOPD "unit" parked just outside the door and "SWAT" teams dine here after their meetings.  
I think Sun Ray is more safe than most.
So, this is a good place for
     When you are not so sure just what you want to eat
     If you have a group with varied tastes
     For when one tires of the endless "Italian Creole"
     A "hang-out" or meeting place
     Great take-out
     Visiting kids (or, grand-kids)
     When one is in a hurry
     Burgers
     Open 7 days/week
If you want CAJUN, go to Lafayette, Breaux Bridge, Thibodaux, etc 
If you want a "steak outing", try Dickie Brennan's, Steak Knife, or Mr. John's.
Bottom line:  Sun Ray is a great neighborhood bistro........................Great scenery. Not far from the convention centre, we took a pedicab just for the experience but walked back. Food was good, a little bit pricey for what you get (probably because I eat a lot and $23 cannot justify for a small piece of steak with some fries)This is more of an addition than an "update".
We have enjoyed three wonderfully excellent cheeseburgers in a row here, over the past month.
In my lifelong search fro the "bestest" cheeseburger, I have noticed one common trait of all the very best places; that is:  They serve them immediately, no sitting in the service window !  A slow waiter can RUIN a great burger, as is commonly done at "Charcoal's" !
I am now ready to grant "Sunray Grill Annunciation" the coveted "Rick's Best Burger in N'Awlinz" Award !
Seems that, as everyone else's burger quality was slipping, some terribly, Sunray's was improving.
Sunray has always used very good ingredients; but, if the cook doesn't pay attention, all is for naught.  Tiens, the cook is now paying attention, and it shows !
So, I am now saying:  "Better than Port of Call, Magnolia Grill, Charcoal's, Company Burger, DTH, Dino's, and, even Houston's."   (  Houston's does remain a hold on second-place, though; especially on "tortilla soup night." )
NOW is the time for everyone to try a Sunray burger !
Dana & Crew; Don't let me down here !
Rickgood things i can say about this restaurant:
1. i've never gotten food poisoning here.
2. the food was never so bad that it became the main focus of the dinner conversation.
3. the service was never so bad that it became the main focus of the dinner conversation.
however, i could say the same thing about popeye's, mcdonald's, chili's, and hundreds of other franchise and non-franchise joints.  
but here's the honest truth of it: i used to live in the same building as this restaurant.  and i love seafood.  and sushi.  and not having to go far to eat.  and going here was always a last resort.WOW!
neo-american cuisine that doesn;t limit itself down into the "creole" module that everybody and their mother seem determined to box themselves in with to be "local" in flavor.
I like making girls order this crazy southwestern sandwich thing on crispy tortillas cause its funny to watch them try and figure out how to gracefully eat it like a woman.  Because not only is it impossible to do so, no matter the lengths gone to, but it is also freakin delish!This place has great food. Get the fish tacos when you come and then the bread pudding. You won't be disappointed.Well, to begin, I am new to the city of New Orleans but have been here several times before and have had some of the greatest food in the world here and abroad.
     The wife and I dropped by Sun Ray Grill last week and felt it to be one of the greatest meals I have had here...Don't get me wrong, as I stated above, I have had some of the greatest food in this town! What I really mean to say here is when it comes to the overall freshness of the food and how the flavores left your mouth feeling clean with light remenants of the flavores on your toung after each bite, it was fantastic! I had the Fish taco's and my wife had the Grilled Chicken. 
     Both dishes where outstanding! We come from the West Coast and the meal to me was reminiscent of the food I would get when I drove down to Ensenada Mexico. It was fresh and clean and not overly heavy with spices (in fact, just enough to give the food a wonderful POP) as well, absent of the heavy sauces you get with the local cuisine.
    The service was another high point with the visit. The music they played was some great jazz covers of 80's music... just really fun stuff. When I asked our waiter what the CD was he did not hesitate to go get the information for me. Fallowing up to that, the owner came by and we had some great conversation with him and really made us feel welcomed. I definitely will return to Sun Ray Grill for another meal.This restaurant is so confused. You have everything from American, Asian to Cajun to Mexican and none of it is cohesive. The art deco inside is lame and doesn't have a theme even though they seem to try. The service was very sad and some of the items were just plain weird. I ordered a spinach salad that came with... Butter Pecan salad dressing? The dressing tasted like a desert and was the consistency of pudding, pretty gross to in my opinion to go over some jerked chicken and spinach with berries. It's overall pretty generic and wouldn't really recommend it to anyone. Makes sense for it to be a decent place for lunch though.Easily the best burger I remember having in New Orleans, and the service was polite and speedy.Sun Ray has been one of my favorite local chains for many years. I started eating at their first location on the west bank in an old Zack's frozen yogurt location near Meadowcrest.
Each location has a different menu and style. This location in the warehouse district has its own sushi chef along with their regular menu items. The regular menu is expansive enough that even picky eaters should find something to enjoy/
On this visit we started with some crawfish bruschetta and edamame. The bruschetta was great. Thick french bread topped by a tomato based sauce with sauteed crawfish. It was delicious.
For an entree I ordered the grilled shrimp caesar salad and my companions ordered chicken tacos and three different sushi rolls.
The caeser salad was topped with perfectly cooked shrimp and a homemade dressing. It was good, but didn't blow me away (it is a salad after all). I tried a couple of the sushi rolls and I was highly impressed with one of them. I have no idea what it is called, but it was wrapped with Marlin. It may have been one of the best rolls I have ever had. I didn't even know that marlin was edible, but damn, it was good.
Service was friendly and attentive and the restaurant is very attractive inside.
One thing to be aware of is that if you order sushi, it will not come out at the same time as the other entrees. 
Parking on the street may be difficult, but there is a parking lot at the corner across from the restaurant.When I lived in the Cotton Mill, I kep this place in business.
Great to be back after being gone for nearly eight years.
The menu has changed dramatically but it's still good.
We had the nachos and spring and egg rolls.
Very tasty and the servce was great, Kimbre took god care of us.
The move Failue To Launch was filmed here in August just before Katrina.
I saw Mary Louise Parker here with her son when he was about a year old.
I also saw Laurence Fishburne here once.
The have LA 31 on tap.I wonder if I dined at the same place as the other reviewers...
Our food was forgettable and overpriced, the service was lousy, and the establishment was very, very dirty.
Won't return.  Better food at TGI Fridays.I wish I could give this place 4.5 stars, at least for convenience and consistency. Its not Juans Flying Burrito five star good food, but its good. Their menu has variety and their delivery is lightening fast! I only wish they were open a little later. They have a patio area which is, wait for it.... DOG FRIENDLY! The staff has always been polite and you can get both sushi and standard menu items which is a bonus.  I've ordered delivery nachos and a salad more times than I'll admit and again, its consistently good with generous portion sizes.
When eating out, Sun Ray isnt the first restaurant I'll plan on going, but each time I do go it is a pleasant, chill and delicious experience. They're not the least expensive in the area, but its a nice change from fried bar food and they have good happy hour specials! Plus I adore the interior designing with the big fish tank, I just cant look at it while watching people eat sushi!I had the teryaki chicken bowl to go.    I wondered if the dine-in portion would have been bigger.  Chicken breast was good with a thin sweetish crust.  The rice was fine and the vegetables were too.Good sushi rolls. Had the spinach and artichoke appetizer, good.  Good service. Fair prices.   Decent barbecue ribs.Very good food, salad and sushi was really good. Service was friendly and fast. Really nice place if you can find it!!!We use to love coming here but they just changed the menu...last week.  Really, the only reason we came back so many times was for the smoked tuna dip.  Unfortunately our server said that it wasn't popular enuff to keep on the menu.  
Smoked Tuna dip is a staple in Florida and I guess that's the closest place for us to get it now that Sun Ray isn't serving it anymore.  
Even Worse:  The wait for food was extremely long (even though there weren't many people in there) and we saw 2 other tables get up and leave because of it.  Management offered the table next to us a discount b/c of the long wait for their quesedilla and wrap sandwich (2 of the quickest cooking meals in history).  Our nachos took about 20 minutes but we didn't get a discount...I guess because we got the nachos before the previously mentioned discounted table got their food (even tho they ordered before us).  
I've always liked this restaurant because the food is always delicious, i think they must have been having a hangover day (Ash Wednesday)...Great atmosphere.  Great Service.  Scallop tacos rocked.This Sun Ray is a weird mix of cooked plates and sushi.
They have things you would probably expect from a place like this such as chicken and shrimp and even nachos and quesadillas.  Oddly, I have never had any of that.
The two times I have been here, I had the sushi.  Now, this isn't what you think of when you think of a typical sushi place.  I got a few rolls and the sashimi, and the fact is, it was just ok.  It's definitely a good place to get sushi, if you are in the mood for it while you are with people who don't eat the stuff, or are in the mood for cooked food.
Would I seek this place out for just sushi?  No.  Sun Ray wouldn't even make it into my top 5 for that, but it's not terrible.Great place to get ok food. The chicken club pita is really good but it sucks that the no longer have sushi.Wife ordered the salmon medium, came out extra crispy. I ordered the steak, came out cooked correctly and the flavor was pretty good. However, it was the worst steak I've ever had. It was probably the cheapest cut of meat they could have found! There was an insane amount of fat on it and in all the wrong spots. Usually, its around the edges and I'll just cut it off. This one was everywhere! Ended up sending it back since there was only a little bit of meat on it and got another, ended with the same result. 
Staff seemed put off and the manager was rude due to the fact I requested a replacement.I love this restaurant for many reasons.  It's in the Warehouse District which is one of my favorite neighborhoods in New Orleans. There is a parking lot across the street for your convenience. Sometimes parking in Nola can be a pain in the rear. Not only is there a parking lot for the restaurant, it's also free. Can't beat that.
The atmosphere is beautiful. I'm a bit of a sucker for exposed brick. It's just so lovely, spacious and hip inside. There is seating outside on the patio as well.
The service has always been superb. The waitstaff here are engaging and very friendly.
Onto the food...yum. I've never had a bad meal here. I've had the Chicken Quesadilla, the Shrimp Quesadilla, the Grilled Black Drum Tacos and the Santa Fe Burrito, my favorite being the Grilled Black Drum Tacos. All of these dishes have something in common...they are all served with chipotle aioli dipping sauce. That sauce is the best thing I've ever put in my mouth. I can't get enough of it. Oh. My. Goodness. You have to try it!
If you haven't given Sun Ray Grill a try, please do. You'll probably see me there. Trying to smuggle out gallons of their chipotle aioli sauce.Good food at an inexpensive (for New Orleans) price. This was my second time here, separated by five years, and both times I enjoyed it. The first time was for lunch and I remember I liked it, but don't remember what I had. This time I had the lamb tacos, which were quite flavorful and good and a pretty good value. The atmosphere is nice - not overly fancy, but nice. While its certainly not among Nola's best, and wouldn't claim to be, it's a solid choice at a reasonable price. Especially good for convention-goers as its near the convention center but not in the direction most people go, so it doesn't get swamped with convention-goers.Nothing special, really. Their drinks were extremely blah but chips and salsa (and guac) were rather tasty.R.I.P.  What a loss.  This was one of my hot spots.  Good-bye, Sun Ray.  :(Great place. It is a must everytime I come to NO. Family owned. Variety of dishes. Excellent taste and service was good. Sushi was fresh. Ribs and sweet potato fries were fantastic. A wonderful dining experience for me and my guest. In our opinion, one of the best places to eat in NO.We ate here twice.  Great seafood and appetizers.  We had the crab salad with huge chunks of real crab.  The vegetable Quesadilla was decent as well.  Servers were friendly and knew the menu and made recommendations based on our taste and tight schedule.  Other reviews seemed very mixed.  My suggestion is to ask the staff what they would recommend, they'll keep you away from the stuff that is just average.  Did I mention the seafood is great?Sun Ray and I have quite the sordid history.  I was of employment (Old Metry location) there in August of '05 and living in Lakeview.  I loved working there, and I loved the owner and management, they were (probably still are) all really cool and hardworking people who care about where they work and the quality of the food that they make.  
After I came back to NOLA in '06 the logistics of me returning to work at Sun Ray were just too difficult, and if memory serves they were not open again anyway. So, I moved on.  This was my first time trying Sun Ray since August '05, and I remembered the food there so very fondly.  Granted, it isn't exactly the same Sun Ray, but it has a very similar menu and is owned by the same guy, Dana.
We started the bar while we waited for all of our party to arrive and had a few drinks.  Remember, I used to work at Sun Ray and I know what the specialty drinks are supposed to taste like.  My mohito tasted like sprite and mint. Hardly any lime.  The iguana drink I ordered wasn't quite right either, he shorted the coco Lopez, so it didn't have the right balance of sweetness.  But hey, it's alcohol so it can't be all that bad.  They just weren't quite right.   
I know That they pride themselves on the fish, and get fresh orders all week long,  so naturally I went with the Seared Ahi Tuna with two sesames.  It fish was super fresh, cooked to the perfect temp and very tasty.  No complains there.  But the coconut rice, which is served with it and was really looking forward to has obviously been sitting on the steam table for a really long time. Some pieces were really hard, but overall it was just plain mushy.
The table passed around a few appetizers, the goat cheese fritters were yummy.  The spinach and artichoke dip was average. The tuna (I wanna say it was like tar tar, but it had cumin in it, and I have a strong aversion 
to cumin, so I didn't like it, but everyone else at the table did. 
Our server was OK.  She did eventually redeem herself to beyond OK by snagging the last chocolate mouse cake in the restaurant for the birthday girl!  Sweet!  And she also without a mean mug (so rare!) separated  the checks for us, and split it so the birthday girls dinner was divided amongst us all so we could
treat her.
I need to go back and get the BBQ Thai chicken and pecan crusted chicken salad soon!  
The ambiance is hip/cool.  High ceilings, low lights.  There was everything from a table full of people in scrubs, a family with a baby, a woman alone working on her laptop and some on dates.  There is a pretty cool big ass fish tank, the decor is local meets Asian meets beach club.  Kind of like the menu.  I was asked what kind of place it was and all I could think to describe it is fusion-ey.  Bold flavors, varying from Asian, Mexican, Cajun, American, and maybe a little Caribbean.First of all, we are regulars at Sun Ray. For us to be regulars at a restaurant/bar, there needs to be good food, good service or both - that's"s what we get at Sun Ray. The owner Dana, along with Mary Lee, Megan, Moira and Ben are all extremely friendly, courteous and make us feel like family.
We love the variety of food from sushi to burgers, although the guacamole is the best I've ever eaten. I would recommend the spring rolls and crawfish bruschetta appetizers coupled with any of their nightly specials.
We have taken out of town visitors, locals and business associates and have always received positive responses - and believe me, we would hear about it otherwise. 
There are a multitude of good eating establishments in New Orleans and we frequent alot of them but we will continue to be regulars at Sun Ray.They offer a free parking lot a block away from the restaurant.  They also have incorporated a sushi operation within their restaurant.  I've never tried the sushi, so I can't comment on how good/bad it is.
Overall, it's an "A-OK" place that I would consider going back to.  But with the myriad of other wonderful restaurants in New Orleans, I won't be going back for a while.Started with a well-seasoned, well-garnished Bloody Mary, my friend chose a strawberry beer, light and refreshing, overall good drink, draft, and bottle selection...we shared a yummy
 app...although corn chips were salty...def would go again.We live in the Cotton Mill and the Sun Ray Grill is just down the hall. We're regulars. And, we're regulars for the same reason people join country clubs. They treat us GREAT! Besides that, the food is DELICIOUS! I really like the sushi, and the seaweed salad is FRESH. Their burgers are "ALL THAT", and with a bun that doesn't disintegrate half way through the meal. They also change up the menu frequently and for a "regular" that's a good thing. Sure, they've taken some of my favorites off the menu, but, that doesn't mean I can't order them...and I do! How's that for service? We really appreciate, Mary Lee, Dana, Moira, Megan, the whole crew. They treat us well, they feed us well...what's not to love? I also like their new brunch menu!  I highly recommend the Sun Ray Grill!Not to impressed, they should go for a more casual atmosphre, they try to be high end and their food just doesn't support it.Food is ok, I can see the criticisms about the service as well.  Not a place i would ever return to with so many options in New Orleans.You know, I was going to check this place out when I came across the name in the City Dining Cards deck. But, then I found out they pulled their agreement to honor the discount! What kind of place does that? If they can't commit to their business agreements and marketing strategies to garner new customers, I don't trust this business.2:00 and closed tighter than a drum. Looks like they may have moved out in the middle if the night and took everything with them. Was looking forward to trying this place after reading the reviews. Guess I waited too long!This is not a white linen restaurant by my definition. And there are other Sun Ray Grills around Greater New Orleans. But this restaurant is producing delicacies as if this was one of those high price, white linen, fancy dancy restaurants with a well known Chef in the kitchen. 
The other night I went back for dinner with my fiancée to, as promised, explore the menu. 
Decided to try the Goat Cheese Fritters. I could have left after this fantastic dish. Completely floored by the taste and flavor from a neighborhood type chain establishment. And was wondering what the price would be for this selection if I was dining in the Vieux Carré at one of our world renowned restaurants.
This appetizer is pan fried and topped with a Tasso Onion Marmalade that is very very good. And it also has Spicy Toasted Pecans and a Brown Butter Vinaigrette. The portion consisted of two fritters that is just about a meal in itself. A glass of Duckhorn Chardonnay, as recommended by our waiter Scott, lifted me to the point of this delight being classified as Divine. 
Will not sing the praises again of the Pecan Crusted Chicken Salad that has already been written about in a previous review.
Moved onward to test out their burgers. I decided on the Smokey Mountain Burger. Requested it medium and this one comes with a Bourbon BBQ Sauce, melted Jack and Cheddar Cheeses, Bacon, and Fried Onions. Very good and very filling with a large portion for the money. An added advantage for this restaurant and another reason I am a happy guest is that the onion rings are done the old fashioned way. They are not the frozen, fat, tasteless onion rings that so many places have gone to on their menu. The Camellia Grill was a major disappointed when I ordered their late famous onion rings and was served a plate of previously frozen rings. The plate was put in the bus pan full of the onion rings. Not here at Sun Ray Grill and the combination of flavors on this burger was oh so nice.
The free off street parking across from the restaurant is another major plus that has nothing to do with food. So no worry about the meter maids when dining before they go off duty in the Warehouse District.I love Sun Ray Grill.  There is such a variety of menu items to choose from and all that I or my table has ordered have been delicious.
I do have one compliant.  The Smoked Tuna Dip has been removed from the menu.  This is the #1 reason I love this place so much.  Our waitress said they removed it because no one cared for it much.  They were throwing it away at the end of night.  
We started off with the Chicken Penthouse Nachos.  They were served in a hot bowl that kept all of the nachos warm to the last drop!   Delicious.
Then I ordered the Thai BBQ Chicken which is two grilled chicken breasts basted in spicy Thai BBQ sauce. Served with coconut rice, Thai cucumber salad with a peanut dressing--all very good and nice presentation.
My husband ordered the 1/2 Slab Thai Style BBQ Ribs  They were seasoned and smoked then laced with smokey Adobo BBQ sauce paired with roasted corn & fries or Thai Style with sweet potatoes chips and Shanghai slaw.  Very good as well.  
Everything we ordered was delicious.  The service was a little SLOW.  We were starved upon arrival and had to wait a very long time for our nachos.  A table near us waited forever for a wrap sandwich.....
I wouldn't have cared except we were starving.Besides the enjoyment of the restaurant my wife and I recently hosted a catered party at the restaurant. We were able to select the food items from a large menu. And the way we were treated was fantastic. 
Dana and his staff really made us the host of New Orleans for the event. And we did take full credit for the food and booze provided. Our guests were very happy and pass a grand time in the Crescent City.After a number of recent visits, all for lunch, I decided to make a visit for dinner. There is always a difference in menus, atmosphere, and the feel of  a  place when the sun goes down. And so it is with Sun Ray Grill. 
The place looks and feels different. One place that changes remarkably is Feeling's when you dine for Brunch as opposed to dinner. All good by the way  and I felt a difference at this restaurant as well.
Tablecloths and special lights on the tables. What was so good about all of this are the specials that come out of  the kitchen. Last night was a tasty and delicious Crab Cake made with jumbo lump crab meat. An offering with crab meat and not fillers. Even the sauce on top of the cake contained jumbo lump crab meat. The way to go to impress me. My four star remains solid on Sun Ray Grill.
My fiancée has been hearing me talk of the Pecan Crusted Chicken Salad and decided to give it a try. Again the ball was hit out of the park. She loved it and could  not eat it all. Of course that was just dandy with me for I  finished what she left from the large serving.
I am also appreciative of the fact this is a large place that also places its' table at a distance to allow quiet conversation without having to raise one's voice. 
Every recent visit  has been with a different member of the wait staff. Each one has been so attentive and outgoing. And my water glass never goes empty even during busy times. Liquor drinks have been very good and with nice portions. The tea and soft drinks are bottomless and that is always nice.A restaurant that is a bit large and with an extensive menu to be called a neighborhood restaurant. However you are treated as if this is a cozy neighborhood establishment. Service is always friendly and attentive.
And also just as important is the food. I was pleasantly surprised at the flavors that are produced in the kitchen. After a few visits to check them out I am now a regular. Their menu will take a number of visits to explore fully. And you will want to return to explore the offerings.The Pecan Crusted Chicken is a must.
Prices are reasonable and the glass of tea or soft drink are bottomless. Free parking in the Warehouse District is another reason to visit and enjoy a very nice restaurant.