I eat here at least once a month, and more often when possible.  The brisket tacos and brisket quesadillas are fantastic.  Happy hour starts at 3 if you're interested in a late lunch for 2-for-1 drinks.Tonight I went to Superior Grill expecting a delicious tex mex meal with great vibes. First it began with the rude waitress, then the manager came over and made in an appropriate "joke" regarding my ethnicity. The cherry on top to this awful evening was when i was served lifeless skinned rubber meat on a platter with lettuce and PEANUT SAUCE, what mexican restaurant puts peanut sauce on a salad. I would recommend not going here EVER unless you want slithery chicken weenus sliding down your throat.Yum!  Food is good, but everyone should really come for the frozen drinks!  So tasty...I just moved to NOLA from Houston and was lamenting the lack of good Mexican restaurants to my friend when he suggested this place. 
SO glad he did! The queso was SO good...I filled up on that before we got our main dish. I ordered the seafood enchiladas and while they were good, they use a red sauce instead of a cream sauce. I would have preferred a cream sauce but these weren't bad at all. My husband ordered beef fajitas and those were good, too.
I had a few margaritas and huh....that's funny. I really don't recall much else about the place.
Oh yeah! It's good for groups. There were 6 of us and we all sat around a table laughing, cutting up, drinking the strong, strong margaritas, and eating the delicious queso.  Good service, good food, good times. I'll definitely be back!I usually go to Superior because other people want to...like my brother and his kids.  It's a good place to bring children because it's so loud you don't have to worry about your noisy ones disturbing other folks' meals.  The cocktails are free flowing and the food's OK.I love this place!!  I am not a fan to Mexican food, but their Fajitas is just exceptional.  I love their San Lucas fajitas plate.  Ingredients are so fresh and most of all, their tortillas are sooo good!  The portion is big so I sometimes would just like to share my plate!  Service is good too, and with the quality of food and service, even though it is a little pricey compared to other Mexican restaurants, I think it is all worthy.It was a beautiful day and neither my lovely wife nor I had a particular craving, so we popped into this often passed/never visited chainlet. I had eaten a perfectly acceptible brunch at the original location in Baton Rouge and still had very low expectations...they were not met.
     The good first: the service was friendfly and efficient.
     The bad: poor quality chips, including some tasting of rancid oil, were accompanied with pretty good salsa and truly tasteless queso. Seriously, the jar of queso in the grocey is eons better.
     My lenten crawfish quesedillas were okay, but nothing to write home about and they were probably the tastiest thing to hit our table.
     My lovely wife had the not at all lovely (to look at...an amalgam of beiges & light browns in amoebic puddles) Rio Grande plate. Bear in mind, Paige is pretty down with standard American-style mexican if it is fresh, but she was pretty underwhelmed.
     The crowd was mostly tourists (from out of town or Metairie/Slidell, etc from the looks of it) so perhaps the lovely setting helped them ignore the pallid dreck proffered here, but its walking distance location will in no way seduce into another visit.Mediocre Mexican food in a tacky location. Too many tourists and annoying families with loud kids. I had the taco salad which was really good but that's about it. The service rushed us out and the prices are a little steep. Will not go backIn a city full of outstanding food options, Superior Grill is not one of them. The food here is pretty substandard TexMex. Veggie options are not abundant. Veg quesadillas were quickly thrown together, sloppy, and not as good as anything I could make at home.
BUT, the margaritas are strong. They're not the best tasting ones out there- but two large ones and you're good for the night. They are also pricey. 
So, I would go back for margaritas- especially during happy hour when they are single price for double margs- but probably not for the food.I suggest to go here hungry. This place has amazing margaritas. I usually order a frozen strawberry margarita, no salt. It was very flavorful. I found this drink very easy to drink because it was delicious and smooth. There are many different prices for their margaritas depending on your choice of tequila. Any margarita that you choose here is sooooo good! It's hard not to resist their complimentary chips and salsa. The chips were fried fresh and the salsa was delicious. We had to get another basket!! 
I ordered the El Paso dish. As you can see in my picture, it's a huge dish! You will definitely have leftovers if you are not too hungry. The flavors dance around on your palette. The dish was seasoned well. 
Our service was spot on. Our waiter was very sweet, funny and attentive.I have changed my mind about this place, but just a tad. I tasted its food twice pre-Katrina and found it to be no superior to a Chevy's, Acapulco's or Torito chain restaurant in the West Coast. Today, however, I had the "pulled pork" enchiladas (pork was tender and tasty, but was not pulled but chunky) and rice. The rice was average (rice is my weakness, and it's so hard to find a Mexican restaurant that offers passable, let alone delicious, Mexican rice). I asked for a spicy salsa, other than the bland, run-of-the-mill one they so often give you with your chips, and was given a very delicious, spicy one. The queso was abundant and better than I remembered, but still a tad runny for my taste. It is true that good Mexican food is elusive in New Orleans, but other than being a major tourist trap, this place is a good happy hour locale that offers decent Mexican fare for the price.The margarita swirl alone gets 4 stars.  I had steak tacos and they were good...not great though.Not knowing anything about this restaurant, I stopped in for a late lunch and in search of a vegetable rich meal.  There was no host at the stand, and I wasn't sure if I should seat myself.  I eventually was seated and was greeted by a friendly and knowledgeable waiter who told me the tortilla soup had a lot of vegetables and was basically a chicken soup.  He was right!  It had very good flavor, many more vegetables than chicken, had a little heat, I loved it.  I ordered a combo plate that included the soup and the Superior Salad with grilled beef. The plate arrived with two bowls -- one with soup, the other with salad.  Plus a heap of cheddar and one-half boiled egg.  The food arrived quickly.
I would have given them a 5-star review, but the kitchen should perfect how to boil an egg.  This one was over boiled and had a dark green around the yolk.  Also, the host stand should have a sign saying Wait To Be Seated or Seat Yourself.Superior grill has by far the best Mexican food I've ever tasted!  Being in the military, I've lived in 6 different states, including California. No where even comes close to the quality of ingredients that superior uses in their food.  Steak quesadilla is off the charts!Celebrated Cinco de Mayo here with a friend recently and it was a good time!  Although the place was super crowded (as to be expected) we were able to grab our drinks from the bar and snag a table in the same area.  We both ordered frozen margaritas and they were pretty strong!This is probably not the typical review, but Superior is my FAVORITE bar. I am a regular, I know most of the people who work there, and all of that is because I fell in love with the margaritas, the queso, and the atmosphere. The feel of the place is unabashedly friendly, and I felt comfortable hanging out there with friends from jump. I do eat meals there as well - the portions are huge, and the price range is in the upper level for how regularly I go and for the humble nature of my job's salary, so my fiancee and I usually share an entree and are full afterwards. They are constantly hosting awesome block/neighborhood parties, and it's always packed in a good way around mardi gras. As a random final aside, it seems like they are working on their salsa recently, and it keeps getting better and better. Mega recommendations from me!Food and service were great at this restaurant. We were reluctant to try it due to mediocre reviews, but two locals recommended it. We weren't disappointed. The food was fresh. The best we've had in New Orleans so far. The service was great too. We'll be going back.Okay so my friend and I went here for margaritas and dinner. I got cheese enchiladas which were actually good, but I am a vegetarian and they did not have vegetarian beans. Then I got a strawberry margarita which was HUGE, and the most expensive margarita I've ever had. My friends margarita was $12, mine was $16, but I did not ask for premium liquor, although I think the waiter charged me for it! Also I was in town from Chicago, my first time in NOLA, and after hearing this, the waiter told me not to mind the rats and cockroaches! At dinner! Come on.... you can do better...Was in New Orleans for work and happened to be there during Cinco de Mayo. Well I heard this is where the locals go and every year they have this great block party. Took the trolley there from the French Quarter and it drops you off pretty much right in front. Can we say best Margaritas around??? It was indeed the strongest drink I had in New Orleans, those drinks on Bourbon even with an extra shot or two of liquor is a scam. I would come all the way here and just get two 'double cups' and ride on back to the french quarter with them.  The block party was a great experience, they had a stage and later in the evening there was a concert. I got some quesadillas and they were pretty tasty, but it may have been the alcohol talking. Whatever the case I enjoyed my visit to Superior Grill and would definitely come back when I go to New Orleans.Superior Grill is one of those restaurants that you need to go to frequently or your bodies goes through margarita withdrawals... those margs are gooooood. Let me rephrase that, everything on their menu is good. To start, they always bring over a hefty serving of chips and salsa. I honestly can't even recommend a specific dish because they are all great, but my personal favorites are the enchiladas. Their queso blanco dip is also incredible and I can eat an entire bowl of it on my own. This place is great for big parties and birthday celebrations too!I had the crab enchiladas and though they were good, there were a lot of shells in the meat.  My wife had fish taco and veggies and she liked hers alot.You know, Superior Grill is one of those places I have a love hate relationship with. While I love going there with friends to get together for whatever celebratory reason we can make up and have some delicious margaritas, I really don't enjoy the food that much. The food is really just not that good. Considering the great Mexican options we have now in the city since the Big "K," I think that Superior Grill needs to make some recipe changes. They can keep the chips and salsa just the way they are, the guacamole is pretty good, but the queso could use some help, kinda tastes like they use a white version of Velveeta.  I mean I know there are some good melting Mexican cheeses out there that can help the queso situation they have going over there. Really I think the only good thing worth ordering in my opinion are the chicken or steak fajitas and sharing with someone. Now as for the beans and rice that come with the fajitas, that's where I think a recipe change needs to happen.  They have been serving those same rice and beans for as long as I can remember and boy are they boring and bland. They just don't have any flavor.  The tortillas they serve, while they may be homemade, they are just to heavy and greasy, you end up filling up on the tortilla and you still have tons meat left for the fajitas. The cheeseburgers are pretty good and huge, but they are kind of out of place at a Mexican restaurant, but my son isn't complaining about that. All the other things I have tried like the plain ole' cheese enchiladas or the tacos are nothing to rave about it all tastes so processed and fat laden, I'll go to Taqueria Corona for those. Like I said I am usually there not because I want a great meal but because I am with friends celebrating, and I think most people go for the same reason which is probably why the place does so well. Anyways, I know I will be back to Superior Grill many more times despite my giving it 3 stars, just kind of wish they could up the quality on their foods.We stopped in thinking we were at Superior Seafood.  We were confused but stayed regardless, it was happy hour so why not?  Jeremy, our bartender, was an absolute doll.  Best margarita I had during our entire vacation.  He did upsell us to the top shelf, but it was worth it.  
He helped us choose an app, and suggested we order the half order instead of full, knowing we were planning to eat elsewhere.  What bartender suggests the smaller, less expensive option?  He asked where we were planning to go and suggested the sister, Superior Seafood. I knew it existed somewhere!  Thanks, Jeremy! 
We got the chimichangas and they were good. Nothing overly exciting but they satisfied the very empty void in my belly. The guac was fantastic. Star of the plate for me.  
I'd come back. I'd have guac, margaritas, and come when Jeremy was working. He was just the best!It's like an overpriced non-chain Hacienda, but constantly full of babes. I don't understand.Went in a busy father's day and they did a good job. The service was great, all of the staff seemed happy to be there, and the food was spot on.
The good: The steak tampiquena ($29) was worth every penny! The chips, salsa, and queso dip are all fantastic. The shrimp wrap and bloody mary were perfect.
The opportunities: The margaritas seemed off, different than normal. They weren't bad, but they weren't those famous margaritas they are known for. And the fried ice cream was pretty bland.
Overall a good experience and we will be back for sure.I'm all about the Mesquite Chicken Salad!  The honey-lime vinaigrette is very tasty with nicely seasoned veggies.  What I really love are the chips and salsa.  They bring the chips out nice and warm to your table.  If you catch this place at happy hour, however, you probably won't get to enjoy any food.  There are people for days.  Nonetheless, their company is great with flat screen TV's all over the place.I had to mix my own drink. Let that sink in for a second....I. Had. To. Mix. My. Own. Drink. 
I checked out the menu in the lobby while I waited for friends. Saw that a regular frozen margarita was $6.75 and a flavored one was $8.50. Confirmed here on their website: http://neworleans.superiorgrill.com/drink-menu.html
When I asked the bartender what flavors of frozen margaritas they had, he rattled off a list: watermelon, peach, blackberry, and some others. I said I would like a blackberry frozen margarita.
The bartender served me a regular frozen margarita with a small glass of blackberry syrup on the side. "That'll be $11.75," he said. I said "I thought flavored margaritas were $8.50?" He said "That's only for strawberry." 
I said, "Why are you giving it to me like this? It's not mixed." He replied "So you can see what you are paying for."
I proceeded to pour the blackberry syrup into my tall margarita cup. It pooled on top of the drink and would not thoroughly blend with the rest of the drink. I asked the bartender if I could have a cup so I could mix the drink by pouring it back and forth between cups. Instead of offering to mix the drink himself, or providing me a spoon instead of a flimsy straw to mix my drink, he handed me a styrofoam cup.
There were two male customers on either side of me, they were audibly sympathizing with me and making comments about having to mix my own drink.
In retrospect, I should have asked to see the menu so I could point out that it said Flavored Margaritas were $8.50, and didn't say "Strawberry only." But at a crowded bar with people waiting behind me to be served, I didn't want to cause a scene.
Instead, I will vote with my feet and my wallet, and avoid Superior Grill and their lazy, apathetic, misinformed bartenders.I went with a big group to Superior last night and I was looking forward to    having a good meal. While the ceviche appetizer was delicious and plenty enough as an app, I felt my main dish was lacking. I had the Baja fish and shrimp tacos.I applaud them for using corn tortillas over flour tortillas, but the size of the fish filet was minuscule and there were only 4 shrimp in the second taco. Great flavor, but just not enough food.
The service was great. Our waiter was really great despite the fact that it was swamped. He was very accommodating.Chips weren't that good. Ground beef enchilada was meh. Grilled fish taco was good. Grilled shrimp was good. Plastic chairs and wobbly table. Quick service on new years eve tho.Sehr gutes Essen, frisches Gemüse, extrem nettes und zuvorkommendes Personal. Wir haben uns sehr wohl gefühlt und würden jederzeit wieder kommen.Very, very loud. Parking next to impossible. Food was OK but not authentic Mex. Was Tex-Mex.
Margaritas were good and was happy hour so they were even better. Waiter was friendly and humorous.
Very expensive for what we had.I'm a former New Orleanian and a frequent visitor. I love food and have a set of restaurants I always visit: Galatoire's, Feelings Cafe, Upperline, Camilla Grill, and Atchafalaya. But I like to try new ones as well. Tonight a friend and I set out for Superior Seafood on St. Charles, but mistakenly went to the Superior Grill, also on St. Charles. A fortuitous mishap. Once we realized we were in a Tex-Mex restaurant, not a seafood place, we readjusted our expectations and had a very enjoyable meal. The restaurant is spacious with a pleasant, unhurried vibe. The menu has some interesting items with a New Orleans twist, like crawfish enchiladas, but we opted for healthy eating (yes, that can happen in NOLA). We shared a delectable creviche with just the right combination of lime juice and cilantro along with a robust, homemade guacamole. I had a blackened salmon and my companion had a sashimi salad. Both were delicious, but I think mine was better. For dessert, we abandoned caution and had a heath bar pie and tres leches. The tab was on the high side, but no one ever called New Orleans a budget city, so this is not a complaint.
The main event was the service. Our initial waiter, Ricardo, was covering for Matthew, who came over afterwards to see if we had been taken care of.  And he did that periodically throughout the meal. Both were engaging, intelligent young men who regaled us with stories and jokes. Never pushy, always unobtrusive, unfailingly polite, they guided us through the menu, made recommendations, and brightened the atmosphere considerably. At the end, they became a trio, since their friend Philip checked on us too. I had a talk with the manager, Steven, to tell him how, although the food was excellent, the service enhanced the meal to a five star level. I wish Matthew well in his career in public relations for which he has the charm  and quick-wittedness. Ricardo wants to be an actor and has the drop-dead good looks and smile for it.
An interesting way to spend Father's Day. New Orleans is not just about good food, but interesting and friendly people. I miss them both sometimes.I'm conflicted about this joint. I had a brief but good time here, though 95% of that was due to the cool peeps at the Lundi Gras UYE. 
The other 5% of the upside was the strong, large $11 margaritas that have been well reviewed. I've had better margaritas, but I've also had worse ones for the same price. Still, those tall Styrofoam cups definitely rev up the party if you forgot to BYO Four Loko. I didn't try the food.
I also caught the conversation between the manager and Marielle. Not a win for the manager, or by extension, Superior Grill. Even if you have an issue with Yelp reviews and reviewers, it ain't wise to stumble into a group of 5-7 of them (especially the Elites in your town!), make a few passive-aggressive comments, then hand over your business card and huff away. How does that help the situation? 
There are so many better ways to make things right for patrons, and on a day like Lundi Gras, right before the parade, a different approach might have led to positive new reviews and updates. Instead, it made a pretty bad first impression on me, and the local crew wasn't impressed too much. Sure, I got two more margaritas to go for the parade, but would I go back? Probably not. Service and attitude speak volumes. Plus, I hear Nacho Mama's has $10 fishbowl-sized margaritas ...This is a pricey place but if you want quality fajitas, it's worth it. Just split a regular order with two people. It's a very large amountI really enjoy Superior Grill despite the horror stories I've heard. I have only been here twice but both times I have had very good service and the food is absolutely delicious. 
I will say that I am from a small town and our Mexican food is nothing to phone home about. 
I love their "outside" seating area and that it's surrounded by beautiful hanging baskets. 
It's a bit pricey but the food is delicious. I love their quesadilla appetizer as well as the cheese dip. It is divine! 
The restaurant is way too loud. Like obscenely loud. Ridiculously loud. I hate having to shout over the din to make myself heard especially when my companion is sitting right next to me. 
I also really enjoyed their margaritas!Still buzzing from the Margaritas we had last night at Superior Grill! LOL (I kid..i kid) but definitely a nice drink to have after a long day of work.
I love the atmosphere at Superior Grill..very inviting and fun.  You can tell it's the place to go to kick back and relax...to drink the night away & forget the crazies you just saw at work..The Tex Mex is good, but the Margaritas are exceptional! The best place in NOLA to spend Cinco de mayo. Great place to hang out with friends during happy hour.We ate here last night with two of our kids and three of their friends. We were told our wait would possibly be an hour an 45 minutes but it was not nearly that long. The wait was made bearable by wonderful margaritas and chips & salsa. Once seated, the service was excellent. Oscar, our waiter, could not have been better. Everyone loved their food! The atmosphere is like a big party, perfect for a New Orleans vacation. We will definitely come back here in the future!"Meet by Superior Grill" is all you hear for Mardi Gras. The second most common line I hear that has Superior Grill in it is "They have great Margaritas."
I will admit, this place does have pretty good margaritas. I'd rate it about 4 stars, only because I know El Gato Negro has a 5-star Margarita. Not to mention, they're kind of expensive, but that's what you pay for the best.
But this is a review for Superior Grill. Strictly speaking Superior, I think their food is pretty good but not GREAT. It tastes like it should but not better, see what I'm saying? 
Service. Not bad. I've never had an issue here with the service. If they ever take a long time, it's obvious why. This place can get super crowded very easily. 
Atmosphere. Pretty! I like the atmosphere... it's spacious and there's an area with a great outside view. The bar is a good size and their bathrooms are always clean. 
So there you have it. Bottom line is that it's a safe choice if you're not sure where to eat, but just don't expect to be "wow-ed".Ok so this review is less about the food and more about the overall experience. Let's be real no one goes to superior for authentic Mexican food! You come here because it has an awesome atmosphere and puts you in the mood to let loose and party. Their take on tex mex isn't bad but it's nothing to write home about. However, I do love their salsa and I usually fill up on chips and salsa before I even get my entree. Their margaritas while kinda pricey certainly pack a punch!OK, Here we go... A year ago I was a usual seen at Superior on Wednesday night because it was the best place for happy hour.  It had been a while so I decided to Street Car it over.   The STAFF is awesome as usual, and because I was there before 6, I had the 2 for 1.   It was good as usual.   Love the chips and salsa but he salsa this time tasted like a can of tomato paste, and the second cup too.  It was kind of gross.   NEXT was 6PM, upon getting my 3 for 1, they come in three mugs and it looked like water.   I TASTED LIKE WATER... I watched and it went down the same trail.  The three stars go to the staff.   The other two NO stars goes to the watered down margaritas and paste salsa.   I do hope it gets fixed.Great food, but drinks are SUPER EXPENSIVE. 2 drinks margarita's more than the meal. Why is a strawberry margarita $4.00 more than a regular margarita.Who wouldn't love this place?!? I really like the taste of the food here! Everything is prepped and cooked in the kitchen and you can definitely taste the flavor. I enjoy the chicken/shrimp fajitas, nachos & cheese, & quesadillas. This has been my feng, regular spot for me for a year. It's definitely fun to come with a group of people for a birthday party or sit out by the balcony on a cool fall day. I wouldn't suggest going on a Wed night because you can hardly get a seat. I think that is the night with the drink specials.Margaritas are good! Come here during happy hour so you can get a double for the price of a single. 
Large menu and the food is okay, but the chips and salsa is definitely the best part of the meal.My favorite place for mexican in New Orleans. Its a bit on the high priced side but the best in the city. Some say Juans....yeah, it is good but I prefer atmosphere at Superior, plus you get free chips and salsa at Superior.
Get the Superior Burrito!What is there to say that hasn't already been said?  Forgive my redundancy..
The majority of food here isn't even Tex-Mex...maybe 1950s Tex-Mex (plain cheese or meat only fillings with gobs of cheese on top). They have changed the menu since I was last here to eat--about a year ago.  It now features some items with essentially no description e.g. chicken enchiladas--no description of the sauce or toppings, so what am I supposed to assume, that it is just plain chicken rolled in a tortilla and served dry?  I asked what sauce it comes with and offered suggestions (ranchero, verde, suizas?) The waiter then said oh yeah, you want suizas? Well, ok yes, I like the suizas. So that's what I got. I still have no idea what sauce the enchiladas come with now and there are no indications on the menu that you would pick a sauce.
I would say most of the menu here is decent--I have also enjoyed the fajitas, quesadillas, and tacos al carbon on occasion.  No, it is certainly not an out of this world Mexican restaurant, but it's not bad food by any means.  I find the salsa to be more than acceptable (flavorful and fresh, though mild) and the queso is thin and slightly lacking in flavor, but still hits the spot--especially compared to some of the other Mexican restaurants in town.  Most everything on the menu is overpriced, but hey, welcome to New Orleans and get used to it--this won't be the first or last restaurant that meets that description.
The margaritas are only worth the price during happy hour, Mardi Gras or Cinco de Mayo. They are definitely strong, but outside of happy hour or the convenience of them during Mardi Gras, I wouldn't waste my time as they really don't taste very good.  Being a Texan, I am of the distinct opinion that margaritas come only on the rocks, but of course, frozen are the most popular type here so people may enjoy the flavored frozen mixes more.
The best thing about Superior Grill is that they can handle a crowd.  I have attended, and yes, even hosted, many a large party here (work, birthday, girls nights, etc.) with 20+ people and they welcome it with no problem.  They also have a pretty consistent staff (I recognized one of the waiters from the last time I was there a year ago) that is almost always friendly.  If you have ever been here during Mardi Gras (when they continue operating and serving food while the parades roll 20 feet away) or Cinco de Mayo, then you know it can get very busy and they still manage to negotiate service--a regular night is no big deal.
Overall, this is one of those New Orleans nostalgia places for me and mostly holds a place in my heart for all of the well lubricated memories friends and I have enjoyed.  Visit because you like strong drinks, close stops to the streetcar and a nice patio to eat on, but don't set your expectations too high for the cuisine.This place is good, but not great by any means. Good for happy hour, or if you are in the mood for some quick mexican food, but I wouldn't expect to have a great meal here. 
Drinks are half off during happy hour which is nice- and it is a fun, somewhat loud atmosphere. Service was great and friendly- no complaints. 
I actually had their food catered at a couple events I have been to, and found that it was a lot more impressive then. So, if looking to cater an event - would recommend this place!I'm trying to understand how the hostess moved past my husband in that tiny foyer where guests enter to seat a party that clearly arrived after we did.  No one acknowledged our presence in the time they seated the party before or after us. No one acknowledged us as we left either.  It's been over a decade since I've been here.  Is there a brown paper bag test now???Food is ok, not great or even good salsa needs help!  I remember in the past thinking it was SOO good, but then again after a few of their margies who wouldn't think it was good.  On a more "sober" lol trip with my child I realized this place is lack luster at best. Good for singles looking to hook up on Wednesdays or for the Thanksgiving meet up or Cinco De Mayo other than that I can't think of a reason to come here.I'm giving 5 stars because this place is consistent, and doesn't try to be anything that it isn't.
-The food will always be over priced and of average quality
-the bar will always be stocked with drunken sycophants waiting to slobber over the bartender
-the waitstaff will always be barely hanging on to their jobs.
Listen up people:  sometimes you just need to have a $20 quesadilla in a place that condones your cocaine habits whilst sipping a bucket of green slush spiked with nitroglycerin.  Who are we to judge?  Not Smoky B.  I love this place.Superior Grill is a classic in the New Orleans area when you are craving quality fajitas, strong drinks, and an overall good atmosphere. When I am able to make it, I love enjoying their lunch menu on their patio, watching the street cars roll by. Their tortilla soup/salad combo is also great if you aren't wanting a super heavy meal. I also appreciate that they have partnered with Eat Fit Nola to offer "healthier" accommodations...but honestly if I am going to a Mexican restaurant I am prepared to eat at least 3 baskets of chips.
If you are a margarita fan, I would strongly recommend getting one of their frozen margaritas. They are good, strong, and worth every penny/gram of sugar. Even take one to go to enjoy the beauty of St. Charles. 
The service is okay. We have had a server forget about us a couple of times, even in their slowest of days. 
Superior during the Mardi Gras season is a different animal. I would skip eating in and just enjoy their pop-up margarita stand right outside the restaurant.So where should I begin? Amazing how we have a large portion of society with a lack of taste, and the insight to really grasp what service means. I enjoy spending money on good food and good drinks, this my friends is neither. The service is poorly, the management is nonexistent, and the food is so subpar that Mexican street food out of a truck has more flavor and originality. Again another place saved by locals that use the place as a watering hole, munch down the free tortillas and by the time they are drunk, anything they order tastes good. Mexican food is about flavor, this had nothing flavorful about it. Save your time and your money, this is another culinary dud.Server was fantastic. Food was good. Adult beverages wee a great price for happy hour. Shut the damn doors and let the A.C. work. Too warm to enjoy the company.Sitting at my table right now after a great evening at Superior Grill. Many to our thanks to our server, Trevor, and the management team for taking care of us. We called and were told that happy hour was until 9.  When we arrived just after 8, Trevor informed us happy hour had ended. We told him about what we had been told.  He said no problem, he would take care of us,  and he did! He got us happy hour prices even though it had ended. Thanks Trevor, lyou were great!!! I would definitely come back and ask to sit in your section.I've heard a lot about their happy hour, but have never been. I called earlier today to ask when their 3 for 1 happy hour ended and they said 9. When we arrived shortly after 8, they said it actually ended at 8.  We were going to leave until our awesome server Trevor arrived. He said he'd honor the happy hour special because we had been told it went until 9. He checked in frequently and made sure our water was full (because it took time to drink our three drinks).  I'd definitely visit for happy hour again.I'll give it to them.  The margaritas here are really good, but they are $11 for a small one!  Every time I eat here, someone I'm with gets food poisoning.  It's always packed and I have no idea why.  The one in Baton Rouge is much better.Awesome place, been there last two Sundays for brunch/lunch!! Great food and even better service!!Excellent food and Brian was the most incredible waiter! Would definitely return here! Great margaritas!Inferior Grill. Faux Tex-Mex. The margaritas are too sweet, the salsa too bland, and most of the entrees bland.  Watch our for the lard in the tortillas.  The vegetarian fajitas were undercooked and fishy tasting.  The beef fajitas aren't bad with the corn tortillas but uninspiring.  This is all surprising since its cousin Superior Seafood farther up St Charles tends to be reliably good, if not quite great by New Orleans standards.  New Orleans still has a hard time serving up good Mexican and this place doesn't help.The fact that this place remains packed every night is astonishing. The food is pretty good, but the prices are ridiculous. The margaritas are average and not as great as people claim....  However, I will say the staff at Superior is always great and the vibe of the place makes it a fun restaurant, especially when you're with a group. I just personally feel it is way too expensive for what you get. 
Food: B+
Service: A-
Decor: A-
Price: DMy first time going here was almost a year ago and I loved the food then. Today I took my fiancé here and it was his first time here.
I got the soft flour tacos dinner, ground beef. It was better than I imagined. When it comes to Mexican restaurants, I start with tacos the first few times I go. I always say, if they mess up something as simple as tacos, there is no reason to return for other things. The portions were good, they weren't stingy on the ground beef as some places are. But this was amazing. 
My fiancé got the beef enchiladas. He loved the portion and the cheese they melt on top made the dish for him. I have him some of my cheese to put in his beans to try and he loved it, said it made it even better. 
I pushed him to get the fried ice cream as I got the first time I went there, he said it was so much better than expected. He gave it a 10/10. I got the superior Oreo brownie, with no ice cream as I am somewhat lactose intolerant, and I got it to go. It was so delicious and I would definitely get it again. 
We sat outside on the patio and it was a perfect time of day (around 3:30pm). It had a light breeze and the sun wasn't out too much. It wasn't too busy but the atmosphere was amazing. I definitely recommend patio seating. All in all this time around was even better than the last, and the last time was amazing. Definitely go here!Average.  I've eaten at Superior Grill in Shreveport many times, and love it... always good!  I find the food at Nola Superior Grill not nearly as good.  Fajitas were fair... the flour tortillas that came with them were greasy and doughy, meat was in huge pieces, not fajita-cut.  Queso dip was runny.  I had puffy taco lunch... okay, but that's about it.  Too many great places to eat in Nola to spend $$ on average foodOne of my favorite places with some of the best fajitas you will ever have.  I like it so much, my family took me here for my recent birthday.  Great service, reasonable prices, and located in a picturesque area of NOLA.  If you want Mexican, do not fail to visit Superior Grill.Huge portions, phenomenal food and a great wait staff are only part of it. The ambiance inside is beautiful and the location in the Garden District is great as well. Do yourself a favor and eat here.Best enchiladas ever! I love the atmosphere! I had a frozen margarita swirled with sangria and it was amazing! It's always packed but well worth the wait! Trust me, get the combo enchiladas!Food wise, I give this place a solid 4-star rating; Factor in the service though and I'm thoroughly impressed. I stopped in on a beautiful Sunday afternoon while hosting a friend from out of town. We were riding along on the streetcar when she mentioned she was hungry, and this was the first restaurant we passed. So in we went.
The food was good, but I don't remember what we ordered. Tacos, enchiladas, whatever. If you're looking for Mexican food, I actually like Juan's or Felipe's better.  But it was definitely good. We ordered frozen margarita's for $6 a pop, and they aren't huge but definitely got the job done. (And they were really good- not too sweet, not too much bite, just delicious.) 
Our server, Dean, was absolutely perfect. He was quick with our drinks and food, and while we were eating I could see him walking by checking on us, but he did it without interrupting our conversation or being too overbearing which is a hard balance to find. After the initial check to make sure we were satisfied with our food and had everything we needed, the only other time he talked to us when our drinks were getting low to see if we wanted another round. But like I said, he was never too far away so if I did need anything he would have been easy to find. When it came time to pay, he asked if we wanted separate checks or all on one, and these days that pretty much blows me away because I can't think of a single time when dining out in this town that a server has offered to split the check. (It's the little things...) The cherry on top was after he gave me my bill I decided I wanted a beverage to go (because hey- it was beautiful out, it was Sunday Funday, and it's New Orleans so I could) and Dean didn't even blink an eye about having to change my bill after he had rung me up AND he remembered that I don't like salt on my margarita's even though a solid 30 minutes had gone by since I ordered my first one and it was kind of busy. Having been a waitress in a former life, I know how easy it is to just forget the small requests like that, or to even just not care to remember them. I was half tempted to leave Dean my business card so I could steal him away from Superior Grill and offer him a job, but then who would take care of me next time I eat there?Food blows. I don't get why people flock to this place. They get two stars because it's a great spot to stand in front of during Muses. It's crowded but you get fairly decent throws.I wouldn't say it's authentic or even pretend to know what that means but the food is savory delightful and full of diversity. Definitely worth trying. Have not been disappointed yet.  
Favorite dish is the brisket flau combo.Best cheese dip in town!!  They also have great lunch specials during the week.Classic Tex-Mex.  Good but not "Superior" as the name would suggest.
The highlight are the margaritas, which in the 4:30pm to 6:30pm happy hour are a real bargain.  They are loaded up with sour mix, though.  The top shelf versions are better, but some of them are so sweet they are nearly undrinkable.
Food is ok, but they do have some standouts--including a sizzling flank steak (lunch only), brisket quesadillas, and their ceviche.Very nice and good service. Only complaint, noise. Need to dampen the sharpness if possible.Great place to hang out and eat appetizers with a few drinks, but honestly, it's a bit overpriced for what you get. If it's not happy hour, the drinks are overpriced. 
The quality of the ingredients of the food is pretty good, but I haven't really eaten anything there that I felt like I craved coming back to besides the steak for the fajitas. 
If the prices were more affordable, this would have been an easy 4 star. 
Having said that, I'll be back quite often because my friends love this place. 
The service has always been good here.First time in New Orleans, stayed in the Hampton hotel next to the restaurant. The food here was spot on, she had the soft shell crab enchilada and I had the ceviche. Both where finger licking good. We both had margaritas and they were A++, a must have.Don't eat in the dining room. Go to the bar during happy hour and get to know any of their amazing bartenders. Get a frozen marg no salt. Its loaded with meth and alcohol deliciousnessYum-O!  I loved this place.  I was in New Orleans for a work thing and wanted a nice lunch even though I was by myself and after trying to find a place with more traditional New Orleans cuisine, I ended up here, which is like tex-mex.  I had these fajitas that were just so good.  The steak was tender and rich, just really excellent and the service was great too.  I sat in the bar, but the bartender was fast and when I needed to take about half of my meal with me he included all of the to-go trimmings, salsa, plastic-wear, everything, I will definitely go back next time I'm in NO.If you're looking for great Tex-Mex at a reasonable price, then Superior Grill is worth a visit.  The food is incredibly fresh and flavorful.  The prices are reasonable, portions are generous, the wait staff is friendly, and there's always a bustling crowd.
Popular with college students and Uptown families, the wait can be long on weekend evenings, but it's well worth the wait.  This has become one of my regular haunts as it is located just down the street from my building.
Try the Shredded Pork Enchiladas or the Superior combo for a big hearty dinner.  And don't forget the margarita!I've been here 4 or 5 times. They have good food, decent service and the drinks are strong. $16 for a large frozen margarita is kind of a lot but it is strong. The chips and salsa are good and plentiful. Their enchiladas and tacos are good but I would not recommend the black beans.Went there Sunday night.  I mentioned to the waiter that we were celebrating a 20th anniversary and they bought desserts for the whole table.  Very classy gesture.  We are vegetarian, the menu was VERY vegetarian friendly.  I recommend the veggie quesadillas. A huge plate, perfect to split between 2 people.  The nachos were awesome.  Our whole table loved the veggie friendly menu items.In the three visits I've made here, I've never really been too impressed, but it's really not bad. It's a pretty huge restaurant, and has high visibility at its location on St. Charles, but the ambiance feels to me like a T.G.I. Friday's or equivalent experience.
In my visits, I've stuck by the Tex-Mex standards offered, which comprise the bulk of their menu. Nothing presented fantastically or particularly tasty, just pretty average, which isn't bad!
It's decent food, and again, served in a location that's really visible & easily accessible. Kind of an "if you're in the area, and want something familiar, alright, man" experience; nothing that would compel a special trip.
I just wish that I could have experienced the grill that existed prior which was deemed inferior to this, necessitating the construction of a Superior Grill.Great lively Mexican - great food and plenty of it, very good if a little pricey top shelf Margarita. Excellent service despite it's usually very busy to overflowing dining room. Just 1 block along from Foucher street stop on the St Charles Avenue Street Car.