Ordered a birthday cake to be delivered to our hotel for my boyfriend as a surprise and everything worked out. He loved the cake - the flavor was very good (almond cake with white icing). The only small down side is that the cake was kind of crumbly but I am assume it is made this way so that the cake remains soft and fluffy.Took my family for a quick lunch after a cold and windy boat ride to the Swiss Confectionery. We all ordered similar item, clam chowder in a bread bowl. It was awesome! My picky eaters enjoyed the bread dip in the soup. While the parents, we simply just enjoyed. Got to try it when you in New Orleans. BTW, it's cheap!Came into town for the French quarter festival and was celebrating my wife's birthday with a dinner with friends.  Ordered a cake to be delivered to the restaurant.  We had a dozen folks who unanimously praised the taste and quality of the cake.  We got the white cake with almond flavoring and strawberry filling.  Yum!!  I heartily recommend this bakery!!Top notch on every level -- even when things don't go as expected.
Here's what happened. I called to order a birthday cake and asked if it could be ready for Saturday. The employee receiving the call must've heard "the second" (as in March 2nd), said yes, and took my order. I show up Saturday, and of course, it hasn't been made. I told the woman at the counter that I ordered it for today, and with no time wasted and with no questions asked, she sped my order through production and had it ready in less than an hour. And it looked and tasted as if it had been crafted meticulously for days. They even threw in a free box of those mini-cakes (petafors or petaphors or whatever). Also delicious.
March 2nd was what was on the order, and they could've easily turned me away as they were obviously very busy that day, but instead, they were champions about dealing with a curveball on the spot. Highly recommended.Best bakery in NOLA. Hands down (beating Gambino's, Haydel's, and any other local bakery by a long shot). Swiss treats you like family. My parents went to them for their own wedding and that was over 25 years ago before I was even born! Even today, they have some of the best cakes I've ever tasted. If you're not from here, you need to give this local business a look up. You won't regret it.It was on the last day of our wonderful trip to New Orleans that we discovered Swiss Confectionary by chance. In the style of true southern hospitality, Don, one of the members of the family who has owned this bakery for 95 years, embraced our touristy questions with open arms. He told us tales of their history while we marveled over their custom cakes prepared for multiple special events. As we were about to leave, he gave us a box of petifores to try on our way back home. They were absolutely the best samples of cake we have ever had. Thank you Don for ending our vacation in such a fun way.When I was in NOLA for the Super Bowl, I needed a birthday cake for a Friday evening dinner at Mr. B's. After checking on yelp a few days before my Friday arrival into town, I called Swiss Confectionery. They made a beautiful cake which was delicious and delivered to the restaurant for me. Everyone loved the special pineapple filling. Thank you Swiss Confectionery! Your cake was the "icing on the cake" after our fabulous meal.We knew we wants to use Swiss from the beginning, it was only a matter of tasting their cakes, fillings, and how we wanted it to look! We went in for a cake tasting, choose traditional with a strawberry filling and we were NOT disappointed. The service during the cake tasting wasn't the best, as we waiting around for a while, but our service with them after that was fine. And the cake was delicious! We also weren't big on having a cake topper, so they created a beautiful gold bow made of fondant to go on top. They incorporated gold ribbon we wanted as well, which we purchased from Michaels. Our cake was perfect for our 150 guests!Holy Hell RUM BALLS!
SITREP
I swear, you know how every community needs a fire house?  A farmer's market?  A good pizza parlor?  Well, I'm gonna add now that every community needs a Swiss Confectionery! 
This was a total random gem of a find for me!  As it happened, as I was wandering around the Warehouse District, enjoying some great sight-seeing, I found this storefront shop.  And since it was not far from the Hotel Modern where I was staying, it was easy to visit more than just once!
THE SETUP
This shop is best known for it's wedding cakes.  That much I learned after-the-fact as well from the good people at Hotel Modern who have hosted wedding receptions with cakes from Swiss Confectionary.  But I don't know about those.
What I did enjoy were the Rum Balls that Swiss Confectionary had!  Bursting with great liquor flavors!  I also had to try a macaroon and a jelly roll.  These items all rocked my socks off!
PASTRY SHELLS
I also learned that Swiss Confectionary is much sought after for it's pastry shells they bake for more savory dishes.  These can be filled with various cheese and vegetable fillings for hors d'oeuvres for the special dinner event or work cocktail party.  And sometimes these can be the hardest part about making hors d'oeuvres, because I can whip up a could spinach & kale cheese stuffing, but who the hell has time to make layers of pastry shells?  Wa-la!  Swiss Confectionary takes care of the difficult part!
MY FAVORITE QUESTION THEY GET
Apparently a LOT of people ask her if they can buy their wedding cakes with "food stamps".  The short answer is "no" since their confectionary items are considered luxury items.  Just for the record.
THE LOWDOWN
One of the best confectionary & pastry shops I've ever seen (and tasted!) and I just wish it was 2000 miles closer.This place makes the most awesome cakes. This place has the most delightful smell when you enter the door. The cakes are so good and I always get excited when we get some.Swiss Confectionery saved the day for me after I had been through the wringer with several other bakeries in town trying to order a wedding cake (one that wouldn't deliver on a Sunday [Haydels'], and another that dragged me along for weeks and then said they couldn't do it after all [Bittersweet Confections]). I was so upset after the runaround at Bittersweet (I had been trying to place an order for weeks and gotten some pretty surly attitude from one employee) that I really wondered if I would even have a cake for the wedding. I called Swiss Confectionery and was able to place an order over the phone within about five minutes. It was stress-free and the owner Laurie, who took my order, was very friendly. 
The cake itself was great--several guests commented about how good it was. I know some reviewers have complained that their flavors are very limited, and that's true, but I like wedding cake and wanted my cake to taste like wedding cake! We opted for vanilla and chocolate buttercream between the layers. I know other bakeries may have much more inventive cakes, but I honestly wanted simple--white cake, white frosting with scattered Swiss dots, with ribbons around each layer and fresh flowers on top. It was absolutely beautiful and looked just like what I had requested, and it was also a fraction of the price of Bittersweet (for a much larger cake). They had only a slight surcharge for delivery on a Sunday. I sadly ended up having only one bite of my own wedding cake. Luckily we have the topper to have for our first anniversary! I really had been shocked that my cake-ordering had become so stressful and frustrating prior to calling Swiss. I really wish I had called them to begin with!
Oh, I also had a rum ball when I went by to drop off some ribbon for the cake--it was fantastic!Family owned and family run since 1921.  Five generations have worked there, fourth generation of customers still come here.  Beautiful special occasion cakes, and unique sweets for any occasion.This place does make great cakes but this review is just for the immediate satisfaction bakery experience. 
This bakery is mainly a place to order cakes and such baked goods for future consumption.  They have a small display case (that always seems very bare when I've visited) where you can buy items like cookies and petits fours.  I've heard legends that they have a greater selection in the morning but all I do in the morning is wake up and go to work so I will never get here in the morning.  
All the other bakeries serving decadent sweet treats in NOLA seem to keep their cases stuffed full of seductive items no matter the time of day you visit so I find it very unfortunate that this one doesn't.  I would love to give this place a better rating and I would love it if they kept up a decent selection.  Maybe the limited selection here is just their dedication to their highly limited and exclusive high standards of only serving the freshest and best but unfortunately for whatever reason that leaves them far behind the other choices for tasty sweet treats in the area.Update:  cake for the wedding was amazing! I ordered this months in advance, price was very reasonable and the cake was so good!I just got married on Friday and our cake came from Swiss. It was wonderful! The taste was spectacular and it was so pretty. Super moist, fantastic frosting and several guests said it was the best cake they ever had. The only reason I can't give it five stars is because when we got to the reception location before the party to set up, I saw the cake and it was filled with frosting roses on the top. The top was supposed to be plain to accommodate my in-laws vintage cake topper. We had to call Swiss, but they came and got the cake and fixed it. It was back in place in time. Needless to say, they fixed the problem but added a lot of stress to an already stressed out bride. Regardless, best cake ever, best bakery in NOLA.I went with a group of friends to New Orleans for my daughter's birthday. We made dinner reservations a few weeks in advance and asked if they could make a cake. They said no but recommended Swiss Confectionery. SC helped me pick flavors, decorations, etc. The day of the dinner, they called while I was out of town on a tour and said they had tried twice to deliver the cake, but found out the restaurant wouldn't be open until well after they closed. The SC manager gave me her cell phone, and when we got back to town she was waiting at the bakery to give me the cake - WOW. And speaking of WOW, the cake was phenomenal. When we were leaving the hotel the next day, we asked the desk clerk and valet guy if they wanted a slice - and once they heard it was from SC, they sure did.I ordered my Birthday Cake from Swiss Confectionery on June 14th.  IT was not only Beautiful it tasted like a piece o Heaven.  Thanks you guys for making my Birthday a success.  You have a customer for life.The Cake in a cup was hard to remove, but excellent. Wouldn't have guessed they've been here forever, and it's definitely a made-to-order cake-centric business.I am always looking for good cakes! I'd tried them years ago, but nothing stood out to me about the cake. Fast forward to a few weeks ago. I was on Instagram, and saw someone post about how good and fresh the cake was! So I came on Yelp and read some reviews. I decided to get a 4th of July cake to try out, and MY GOODNESS!! I'm a sucker for white almond cake with buttercream icing. This cake was heaven in my mouth :) The crazy part is I almost forgot to order it! I called at 10am July 3rd. I thought sure they weren't going to be able to accommodate me. They took my order and told me it'd be ready after 12:00pm! My family thoroughly enjoyed it, and I look forward to getting more cakes from Swiss!The best tasting cakes in NOLA if your a cake lover. I
always get our birthday cakes from this company and they Never disappoint! We haven't ordered any wedding cakes but all their cakes I've gotten from the are usually the old traditional looking image. They are beautiful and remind you of the old days. And that's fine with me. Being  most of these other bakeries aren't really good, might look pretty but taste don't add up. IJS I would rather a traditional cake with great taste & moisture than a fancy up to date cake that's dry and nasty.Their cakes are amazing. Here I am 2.5 years later thinking about the cake they did for my wedding. It was perfect!  Living out of state, and with my upcoming wedding taking place in New Orleans, I talked w/ someone via phone to begin the order process and used fax where needed to send cake details, and then during my visit to the wedding location in NOLA, I stopped by to sample cake.. OMG.  One of the highlights for me on that day.  On the wedding day, they delivered and set the cake up.  It smelled w/ delight, was made to order, and I loved it.  I opted for simplicity, but it was by far the best cake I and my new husband and guests had.
Our top-layer (1st year anniversary cake) was just as fresh as the day of the wedding!   Can't wait to visit home again with hopes to indulge in their cake.Stopped by here on NYE and grabbed some petite fours, and OMG these were the most delicious cakes I've ever had. They literally melt in your mouth. I'll definitely be back for more.when asked what my favorite dessert was, i used to always say, "wedding cake."   not for some sappy, sentimental, "i love weddings, let's watch 'the notebook'." reason, but because that was the best-tasting cake i could think of.  
...and then i turned 25 and it seemed like everyone i knew was suddenly getting married.  i went to wedding after wedding after wedding, psyched at all the wedding cake (MY FAVORITE) i was going to be able to consume.  invariably, i was disappointed with the cake.  they were all beautiful, sure.  but some were too dry.  some were too frosted.  others, not enough.  i could never get back to that "wedding cake" taste that i dreamt about my whole life.  for the life of me, i couldn't imagine what was missing.  at one point i even thought i'd made it up.  maybe my favorite dessert was pie...
and then i went back to new orleans for a wedding in december.  (insert choir of angels).  HALLELUJAH!!!  *this* was the cake i had dreamt about.  *this* was the cake i had drooled over when i received all of those wedding invitations in the mail.  i turned to my mother and said, "why is this cake SO GOOD?!?!  and where has it been in these intervening years since i left new orleans?"  and she said one word that changed my life-- "swiss."
BEST CAKE EVERRRRR!  for real, y'all.  this cake will change your life.  not only are the cakes at swiss gorgeous, but the taste is beyond beyond.  someone else on yelp described them as magical and i would have to agree.  this cake colored my perception of all other cakes for my whole life without even knowing it...if that doesn't spell "institution", i don't know what does.If I could do less than 1/2 star I would !!!!!!  No doubt all these 5 star reviews are BULLCRAP.     I ordered wedding cake 5 weeks in advance told no prob.  I have heard from many people including wedding venues that Swiss is EXTREMELY INCONSTANT. That I must beware hit or miss is there speciality.  Well I got a total MISS.    $100's of dollars later the presentation was horrible looked like a 1st grader iced it.   And the absolute DRIEST CAKE I HAVE EVER EATEN.  OUR GUEST WERE LEAVING THE CAKE ON TABLES AFTER ONE BITE.   It was embarrassing.   I got on the mic and apologized to my guest and announced to all of our guest now you know where NOT To order your next event cake.    It was soo nasty and ugly.  I will post the pics of this mess as soon as I get them.   I called and Sarah is the manger an the girl who answered the phone was the same idiot who helped me and pushed to know what call ref too and of coarse Sarah was to busy to come to phone and I do not expect a call back because as I have heard they don't care nor do they do anything ever to make good on the crap they deliver.  So please all be warned be very warned.  2 experiences so far -  1 was just ok nothing to brag about and this wedding cake was an absolute MESS.  NOT TO MENTION AS THE IDIOT WAS HANGING UP WITH ME SHE LAUGHED AS IF TO SAY SO WHAT !!!!   I will blog everyday till Sarah the supposed manager calls me back with an explanation or fix of some sort for the crap delivered to my daughters wedding !!!!!!!   Buyer Beware.  Do not trust these people 100 yr reputation or not.  This only proves complacency at its finest.   Can't live on the name alone.  Need to work hard everyday and they simply DO NOT.  !!!!!!
JUNE 19, 2019.   
As promised I am going to review everyday till some member of this organization decides to pick up the phone and return my call.   Somone had to own the fact that they delivered wayyyyyy less than adequate product to my daughter wedding.  The cake was AWFUL.     Additionally, IF THEY ARE NOT SEEING THIS ...ITS BECAUSE THEY ARE FAILING ON MANY LEVELS BECAUSE I AM LEAVING PHONE MESSAGES AS WELL - I stated I would review until I spoke to someone - they seem not to care.  I am not a sour grapes person at all. Usually just let it go but this was beyond acceptable on many levels - and to not IGNORE IT  adds insult to injury !!!!I'm from out of town and ordered my wedding cake here based on these Yelp reviews alone. Not being there in person to sample cake and talk to people face to face can be a challenge. But, this bakery did NOT disappoint--in fact, it was the best cake I ever had! The price was fair, the staff was lovely to deal with, and again, the cake was fantastic. The icing was indeed light and smooth (as someone else has commented) and the cake was perfectly fluffy and flavorful. We got several compliments from my guests as well. Highly recommend!This is by far the best cake I've ever tasted! The staff knows my family and my boyfriend's family so every time we walk in, it's a reunion. This place is know for their delicious birthday cakes and wedding cakes specifically. They are always made fresh and are never late for pickup. The petit fours are a great snack when you don't want a whole cake. Although their cake-in-a-cups have increased to $3, (most likely due to Mardi Gras season), most likely they'll go back down to about $2.50. I've never tried their king cakes but their cakes are delicious enough to keep you coming back for more!They made my wedding cake and we were happy. I wasnt impressed with the assembly line feel to it all though. We were brought in a room and pointed towards a few that were "within our range". Not very sentimental at all. I would have liked it if someone had done a consult and maybe a tasting with us. The cake was simple and pretty. It came with our wedding package or else we might have looked elsewhere.How could you give Swiss anything less than five stars is beyond me. They could hand me this cake behind the dumpster, kick me in the stomach, and slap me all the way back to my car and it might take it down to a 4.5 star. And since that isn't an option... it would still be a five.
I have literally never had anything but the cake. But it has been a family tradition for years on Birthday's, Christmas, Thanksgiving... I bet if my family got together for National Librarian Day, we would have one.
This is also coming from a guy who doesn't like sweets all that much. But when you get a fresh Swiss cake, there is not much better. The cake is as light and fluffy as possible. When you were a kid and you imagined sleeping on big fluffy clouds, that is this cake. The icing is always light and perfect. And every filling I have had has been on point. I read in another review about everything being so bare... and they are spot on. Honestly I have no idea why this tiny place has the amount of space they do! They need their kitchen, and a counter big enough for a cash register. That's it!
My New Orleans family of generations have been coming here. And as long as the quality stays the same and they are open, we will come for generations more!My entire life we have gotten our "big occasion" cakes from Swiss, so my wedding was no different. If you're looking for super fancy, this isn't your place. If you're looking for simple and amazingly delicious, welcome to Swiss. Our cake was not only beautiful, but delicious. We did all three flavors; one on each layer. I received numerous compliments on how fresh and moist the cake was from guests. And, to top it all off, it didn't break the bank and fed about 80 people easily. 
I highly recommend Swiss. The staff is friendly, they make a great product, and they deliver. All wins in my book.Love this place. I have been getting cakes here for a while and even though their designs are limited, it brings back a sense of old school charm!I'd give them a 10 if I could!!
We were visiting Nola from San Diego and I need a b day cake for my husbands birthday.Swiss Confectionery was one of 3 recommended by my hotel. I called the others and was shocked at how expensive an endeavor this could have been. Swiss confectionery not only made a BEAUTIFUL & delicious cake but they delivered it to my hotel & all for a 3rd of the cost of the others.
Truly amazing!!! & I can't thank them enough for making my husbands b day special!We used Swiss for my wedding cake through City Park and they did a great job! It was such an easy process to go to the bakery and pick out what I wanted. They were helpful with deciding how much cake we needed in order to not over do the amount of cake regarding having a groom's cake also. The cake was delicious and light and beautiful! We were extremely pleased. Can't wait to get the topper out for our 1 year !I am making a trip to NOLA to have a birthday cake from SWISS for my little sister.  I have drooling over this cake for a year, since last  years cake. A trip to Las Vegas for cake, of course! They are that goodI absolutely luv!!! The staff are extremely friendly and helpful. There was an event that I needed a cake for at the very last minute & they were willing to help.  Bring your idea/vision and they work to ensure that vision is reaNot only helpful but the work is impeccable. A few years back I didn't enjoy white/wedding cake... but then I tried this..I'm a forever fan!! The cakes are fresh and simply melt in your mouth. You won't be disappointed!Wedding Cake!  This place smells of diabetes.  Sweet, sweet diabetes.  I did not know this place existed because I had a lot of loyalty to a cake bakery near my home, but they keep weird hours, I'd promised someone petit fours when my home bakery was closed, and Yelp did not disappoint! 
I stopped out front and realized it was one of those weird zones you aren't supposed to park in, but found a pay spot around the corner.  As soon as I walked in, the guy who came up to help me said, "I saw you out front.  You could have parked there!  Tell me you didn't pay for parking?!"
So I had planned to buy two dozen petit fours, but I was hungry and they looked perfect and smelled delicious and... well, four boxes of a dozen each.
Oh, and they were perfect and wonderful and amazing and I finished off a box by myself in one day... and that was with all of the self control I could muster.This place is a New Orleans staple.
Every birthday cake of my childhood came from this place. 
The husband started surprising me with petit fours in 2004.
Before we return to NOLA these days, we call Swiss Confectionery to order 6 dozen petit fours for $37. (Don't forget to call in advance as they are short staffed, post-K.)
If you turn your petit four over, you'll see shiny sparkling sugar crystals. It's like magic cake!
Every New Orleans native knows that this is the place to order your wedding cake or your guests WILL scoff. The cake makers at Swiss are talented artists that produce more than pastries...they create memories.Because I am from a few states away, I was very nervous about getting a cake in New Orleans and potentially having my birthday ruined by a bad experience. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the outcome. Ordering over the phone was very easy, and the staff went over the details several times to avoid mistakes (especially with the spelling of my name-- I was worried about that too). When I went to pick up the cake, the transaction was quick and I was pleased by the exterior. Hours later, the taste of the cake surpassed all of my expectations! This business will definitely be my new go-to cake source. It was amazing and though I hate to say it-- better than my go-to place back home. The cake is extremely moist and soft. The only downfall is that the icing gets hard pretty swiftly. Other than that, I have no complaints whatsoever!We used Swiss Confectionery for our wedding cake and the experience was excellent from start to finish. I didn't have to make an appointment to do a tasting, and took my friend with me as my fiancé (now husband) was busy at work. The cake was tasty, the designs were nice, the price was right, and the service was on point. My husband and I weren't sure we wanted traditional wedding cake flavor with the almond so I emailed them asking if I could buy a small cupcake or something in their yellow cake flavor. They told me they would have yellow cake the next day and of course no charge to taste it. The cake was delivered early the day of our wedding and looked gorgeous. We received a lot of compliments on how it looked and tasted. 
Somehow Swiss is one of the most affordable places in town for wedding cake, significantly lower than a lot of the other places we looked at. If you want to take worrying about your wedding cake off your list- go to Swiss.Best cake I have ever eaten. I am a chef and I dream about this cake. Wedding cake supreme you can get a bridesmaid's cake with a different symbol in each slice. For example a dime in one slice for money coming, a ring for a wedding to come. It's so much more of a New Orleans tradition than tossing a bouquetI am very saddened to say that December 14, 2013 was the last time I'll walk in the doors of Swiss Confectionery, Inc. I've always loved their cakes and have given them business for years. Well, it has come to an end afterI went to pick up my daughter's birthday cake and it was decorated WRONG. The manager told me that the decorator realized she decorated it in the wrong colors but HE would put hot pink candles on it and see how it would look then. Well, it looked a mess. I sent an email of the invitation which was hot pink, purple, black and white but the cake they wanted to give me was baby pink, black, white and RED! Happy 8th birthday Tia was in red and I was devastated. Of course they knew ahead of time that it was wrong but I guess if I would have accepted it, they would have been ok with it. The manager told me they'd redo the cake in the correct colors, so I paid for the cake and left. Informed him to call me when the cake was done. Well, 30 minutes after I left, and that may be a stretch on the time, he calls and says the cake was ready. To go there and see a cake that looked like I had decorated it myself hurt even more. The cake looked RUSHED and it was very sloppily decorated. I asked the manager to compare the cake to the first cake and he said of course the first was done to perfection, just the wrong colors. I told him I couldn't accept paying full price for a cake that looked like that. My biggest issue, my daughters party is tomorrow and it's nearly impossible to get a decently decorated and good cake at such a last minute. The manager didn't seem to care but kept saying, he'd take care of me NEXT TIME. He knows my name very well and that I order from them a lot and my response was, that's even more of a reason to make sure a loyal customer is happy. I told him if I couldn't get a cake that looked like a cake from Swiss, there wouldn't be a next time. Swiss messed up a cake a few years ago for my daughter's party and he credited a significant amount. It was also the day of the party and I didn't have any other options an he had no problem offering to discount the price of the cake. I reminded him of that but he refused to give me a credit. He told me he'd refund my money but I wouldn't have a cake. He said all he can tell me is he's sorry. I even asked if they could decorate another cake and take their time, and his response was NO and they close at 12noon. For the way the cake looked, it was the quality of a grocery store cake that I suppose I would have paid half of Swiss' price. If I wanted that quality of cake, I wouldn't have gone with Swiss. Long story short, I left there in tears and NO CAKE. I understand that Swiss has a very huge clientele so losing one customer may not be a big deal but please understand that I will be spreading the word to everyone that I know and I will be placing this on all social media networks. I asked to speak with the owner and was told he's not going to talk to me. I'm disappointed in a company that I thought so highly of. I will miss my walks to get petit fours and cake in a cups but I will NEVER miss the day they messed up my daughter's birthday cake and refused to make a customer happy when they were WRONG!  I was told that the owner was upset that they had to redo the cake and that it wasn't red, that's their hot pink! Well, myself as well as his 3 staff members all called it red and I suppose we are all color blind. Swiss, I have no problems saying goodbye!If I could do less than 1/2 star I would !!!!!!  No doubt all these 5 star reviews are BULLCRAP.     I ordered wedding cake 5 weeks in advance told no prob.  I have heard from many people including wedding venues that Swiss is EXTREMELY INCONSTANT. That I must beware hit or miss is there speciality.  Well I got a total MISS.    $100's of dollars later the presentation was horrible looked like a 1st grader iced it.   And the absolute DRIEST CAKE I HAVE EVER EATEN.  OUR GUEST WERE LEAVING THE CAKE ON TABLES AFTER ONE BITE.   It was embarrassing.   I got on the mic and apologized to my guest and announced to all of our guest now you know where NOT To order your next event cake.    It was soo nasty and ugly.  I will post the pics of this mess as soon as I get them.   I called and Sarah is the manger an the girl who answered the phone was the same idiot who helped me and pushed to know what call ref too and of coarse Sarah was to busy to come to phone and I do not expect a call back because as I have heard they don't care nor do they do anything ever to make good on the crap they deliver.  So please all be warned be very warned.  2 experiences so far -  1 was just ok nothing to brag about and this wedding cake was an absolute MESS.  NOT TO MENTION AS THE IDIOT WAS HANGING UP WITH ME SHE LAUGHED AS IF TO SAY SO WHAT !!!!   I will blog everyday till Sarah the supposed manager calls me back with an explanation or fix of some sort for the crap delivered to my daughters wedding !!!!!!!   Buyer Beware.  Do not trust these people 100 yr reputation or not.  This only proves complacency at its finest.   Can't live on the name alone.  Need to work hard everyday and they simply DO NOT.  !!!!!!Very great cake period. I usually write a lot...but sometimes things are what they are...I ordered their signature cake for a friend's 40th birthday and 2 years later people are still raving!One of the BEST bakeries in the City of NOLA! Gotta preorder bday cakes. Every cake is made fresh! Petit fours are to die for. This place is Worth Every penny!Very disappointed in Swiss. My daughter's birthday cake was delivered to my home open. No box or anything. I called the owner to find out why the cake wasn't delivered in a box and all he told me was he didn't know I had to travel with the cake.. My thoughts really... Maybe this is something you should ask your customers.. The delivery guy didn't even have a box in the truck. He had the nerve to tell me the parade starts at 1:00pm and I could come and pick up one.. Like really.. Why would I get stuck in traffic for a box? No customer service at all. Let's just say I'll be taking my money elsewhere in the future. Thanks a lot Bill!My husband was given a surprise award party at his office tonight. They had pizza and salad. Then they had cake. Not a cake, but THE CAKE. It was so good I wanted to lay it on the floor and roll in it. I have never wanted to do that. Well maybe once, but that's another story for later. The cake it self was so moist and full of flavor. It almost melted on my tongue. In between the layers was a thin layer of pineapple. It was so complementary to the icing and the cake. It was not over powering. It was just perfect. The icing was light, sweet and smooth. A traditional icing, but 5 levels higher. I will be ordering my next cake from them for sure. I will be visiting the shop soon.The cake here is amazing! Very friendly customer service. I ordered my wedding cake from here today. Haven't got it in just yet, but I'll update this when I do. So far so good!I purchased this cake and a smash cake from this company for my son's 1st birthday party in February 2021. The detail, decor, as well as the overall look of both the cake as well as the smash cake were superb I couldn't have asked for a better looking cake or cakes. Omg, when it came down to the cutting and distribution of the cake the children as well as the adults starting spitting the cake out. The children were saying that cake is old and hard. The adults informed me the cake were stale. I cut a piece myself the cake was so hard, it did not have a moist or spongy texture at all the cake was stale. My son father and myself spent almost three hundred dollars on between the both of the cakes. I tried calling to voice my concerns after the party on Monday yet I were put on hold for almost 4 minutes. I appreciate the experience. I will definitely pay the extra to GAMBINOS. I know one thing there cakes has always been fresh when I ordered them. BlessingsThis bakery is very UNPROFESSIONAL. I called a month in advance to schedule a cake tasting. As I scheduled my cake tasting, I spoke to a man and provided him with my wedding date and he assured me that they were available at that time. 
We currently live in Austin, so I booked several cake tastings for the same day since we were coming from out of town. When we actually arrived at the bakery bright and early, we are told that they will be closed the week of our wedding so they cannot do the tasting. 
I let this bakery know I was coming from out of town, yet they were not considerate.
We should have been notified at some point letting us know that we would be refused a cake tasting. Considering we only had one day to visit bakeries and florists, I could've scheduled another bakery/florist in their place, but instead Swiss Confectionary wasted my time. 
When it comes to weddings you have to be on point, but this place does BAD BUSINESS. 
It's funny how the date was available over the PHONE, but when WE actually arrived they are suddenly "closed" that week. 
The lady at the bakery even asked "What day is the reception?... oh ya we are closed that week." 
If you want your special day to be perfect, I would not trust these people. If you value organization and want someone who will be considerate of your time and need, I would not come to Swiss Confectionary.I was looking for some sort of edible thank you treat to pair with a handwritten card by yours truly to drop off for my favorite clinic staff. I tossed around the idea of a small cake vs cookies vs brownies until I remembered how much I love petit fours so I went to trusty ol' Yelp and came across Swiss Confectionery and its impressive reviews. I figure if they can do whole cakes, petit fours must be  a cake-walk for them (no pun intended)!
Because I'm very much a planner and have learned that bakery shops in New Orleans often sell out of things early (and subsequently close for the day), I called to inquire about a dozen petit fours. The gentleman on the phone (Josh, I believe) was so polite and assured me that I could come in any time of day during their 8-4pm business hours and they'd have at least a dozen on hand since it was the holidays and they were baking up a bunch. 
Still somewhat nervous, I showed up right at 8am hoping to snag some petit fours. I was a little nervous because I saw a sign that said 'pick up only' outside their shop in the American Can apartments and thought to myself perhaps I should've insisted on placing an order with the helpful associate on the phone. So I nervously called and was told that I could just come on in and pick those up (crisis averted!) so I'm not sure what the 'pick up only' sign is intended for. 
Anyways, I go inside and immediately greeted with the most decadent of smells. I ask for some petit fours and am pointed to 'the flurries' and they are the most precious little petit fours I've seen. I hate that I don't have a picture to share with you all but they're the petit fours with stars on them. A dozen of these were beautifully packaged in a Swiss Confectionary see-through top box for just $10. I asked the clerk if she could help me attach my thank you card to the box and she kindly obliged by tying their red-and-white twine to it. It made for the perfect little thank you happy!
I also picked up a box of these flurries for myself which disappeared in 2 days! My hubby and I enjoyed them so much that I took him to Swiss Confectionary days later to get some more. Unfortunately, they didn't have any of the dozen-flurries-for-$10 for sale but I was able to snag a mix of flurries and their original petit fours for $18 - see pic!
I'll be keeping Swiss Confectionary in my back pocket for all my edible gifts in the future as well as a much needed pick me up for myself!My wife and I got married 20June2020 and when we were looking at City Park as a venue, we narrowed (amoung the possible choices) to here and Haydel's. We did cake tasting, and it was only okay. The flavors were buttercream (vanilla and chocolate) and fruit flavors (lemon, strawberry, raspberry, and pineapple). The fruit flavors tasted like pie filling from a can. The cake was all dense angel food cake. The designs were nice and the service was great, but I think we're going with Haydel's instead. Better service there; more variety of flavors; and lower prices.
If you are getting married, this is one of the better choices but not the best option. At least try out Haydel's (and 'test' a hand pie while you are there, you know to see if you want to buy them for your reception to give out).I have done business with Swiss Bakery for over 40 years, as well as my family.  The cakes are delicious, affordable and you can't beat the customer service.  When it comes to Swiss Bakery, they are like family.Swiss has been a family favorite and the choice of my out of town friends. I am a sugar/pastry connoisseur, I know delightful, pleasant and perfect pastry when I taste it. Swiss have been extremely consistent in offering very moist, melt in your mouth cakes and treats. Their variety of cake-in-the-cups are delicious and convenient. The chocolate is creamy and tasty, the butter cake is rich and unusual as it is covered in almonds and the almond flavored birthday and wedding cake are to die for!!!  Swiss has the best cakes (wedding and specialty cakes that I've tasted in the area.  Manny Randazzo's has the BEST King Cakes, Swiss has the BEST of everything else cakes. I did not get paid for this review and in fact this my first of this type. I shared this review because if you're like me u struggle finding good pastry in town and when I travel. Hopefully this will help another cake connoisseur. I will post pics of a few of my cakes orders.THEY MADE MY WEDDING CAKE !
I was recommended to a different bakery (from a photographer) for my wedding cake and I wasn't happy at that place so I asked a couple different wedding venues I was considering to recommend a bakery and almost every single venue I was considering recommended Swiss Confectionery. 
We called them on our last day of one of our planning trips to NOLA; 20 minutes later we were at their place because they let us having a tasting with no reservation. They are almost 100 years old and I know why, the cakes are great and the people working here are amazing. We chose their standard Almond Cake with Pineapple Jelly layer (although all the fillings/layers were delicious). 
We ordered a couple weeks later over the phone and emailed back and forth for the design and colors. We delivered our cake topper to them also and on our wedding day, they delivered the cake with our cake topper perfectly set on top to Antoine's Restaurant for our wedding. 
The cake was gorgeous even though it had blue flowers and it was supposed to be lavender/purple. 
Everyone loved the cake and so did I !We hired Swiss Confectionery to make our wedding cake after recommendations from some of our best friends in New Orleans.  It was their classic white almond cake, with pineapple and raspberry filling.  We sent them our inspiration idea, based on our wedding invitations and they did a fantastic job executing our vision. And the cake was absolutely delicious on top of it all!
We would HIGHLY recommend Swiss!!!My sister's wedding cake baker canceled 10 days before her New Years Eve wedding. Every baker was too booked to fit us in. Thank god Swiss Confectionery pulled through and got us a beautiful wedding cake and grooms cake. The cakes were delicious, everyone loved them!!!!