My mom and I had a reservation at 6:15 and there was absolutely no line. We walked through their sketchy alleyway and I thought we were intruding on a family BBQ, but it turned out to be a really cool restaurant space. 
We sat down and the waitress came 2 seconds later with the menus and asked what we wanted for drinks. I told her we needed some more time to look over the drink menu and she disappeared for about 15 minutes. We were already starving so when she came back, we were ravenous and pretty ticked off. 
We got the bruschetta and shaved Brussels sprouts for appetizers, and the pork shoulders and beef cheeks for entrees. The bruschetta was great and I loved the flavor of it, but the shaved Brussels were a different story. I personally don't know why everyone was talking about them on Yelp because I found it very dry. 
As for the entree, my mom really wasn't crazy about her pan-seared pork shoulders because it was made like a patty and also dry. I didn't mind it so much but after my fourth or fifth bite, it did become more of a chore to eat. The beef cheeks were, again, another story. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Do yourself a favor and GET THE BEEF CHEEKS!!! Super tender and flavorful. 
Would I recommend this place? Eh. I guess. But when you're a first timer in New Orleans? Nah, probably not.This is one of the first bars I stopped in coming to New Orleans and I'm happy I did.
Initially came here after a friend told me he had some Pappy at a reasonable price; unfortunately, they did not have it when I went. That said, I still had a great Sazarac a decent steak, and a decent dessert.
Sylvain struck me as a real cocktail bar, the type where bartenders are closer to mixologists than the beercap pulling folk you might be use to seeing. They are working fast and they love what they do.
I started with a Sazarac and couldn't be happier as it was my first and it was delicious. I followed it up with a hangar steak. It was just ok--not the best, not the worst I ever tried. I finished off with a Briar Rose (cocktail) and a chocolate pie dessert thing. Chocolate pie thing was pretty good, but this isn't something unique nor is it gonna rock your socks. The Briar Rose was a miss for me, but I'm chalking that up to the fact that the combination of flavors just wasn't my thing. Maybe for you it will be, but I would have ordered a second Sazarac or an Old Fashioned in it's place if I had tried it before.
While drinking, a guy proposed to his girlfriend. The staff was really quick to help the guy get pictures and made sure the moment was special.
Sylvain is a great bar to stop in and get a proper drink. I hope they have some Pappy when you go =)Had a noon reservation at  yesterday for 3pp.  Wanted to take our nephew to a trendy place in NOLA.  We got there at 11;35 and asked to be seated early. It appeared to be an empty restaurant with the exception of a few people at the bar.  When they said "let us check", I knew it was an issue.  They came back and said it would be 15 minutes, that they needed to spread out their seating.  We asked who they where spreading out for and he said they had just seated a large table and they only seat 8pp every 15 minutes.  Mind you, NO ONE ELSE WAS IN THERE but this table of maybe 10pp at 11:35. Needless to say, I told him what I thought of there seating issues and we left.  Sylvain, you aren't that good of a restaurant so get off your pompous ass and get over yourself.  We won't go back!!!Ambience and food are phenomenal! It's quaint and non-touristy. I had the pan-fried pork shoulder which came with some of the best cheese grits I've ever had, and I'm a southern gal. My boyfriend had the chick-Syl-vain sandwich with fries and it was wonderful as well! Juicy, but crispy on the outside with a great flavor!Sylvain gets my first 5-star review.  
I stumbled upon this restaurant / bar in September 2011 and made a point to go here each time I returned to the Big Easy.  It's been about a month since I moved back to NOLA and I've dined here at least four times.  
Impeccable service, knowledgeable staff and delectable food.  
Outdoor seating is available but it's nothing extraordinary - people constantly pass you as they go to the bathroom.  Ambiance inside is sexy, cozy and casual. Dine at the bar and watch the artistry happen as the bartenders mix wonderful cocktails. Get the Pimm's Cup. 
Must haves: Raw Brussels sprout salad (seriously), roasted beet bruschetta, pasta Bolognese.  Sometimes I just come in for a drink and the salad.    
Unfortunately (fortunately for them), this place has become less of a secret.   Come early -- it fills up quickly.Beautiful space and great cocktails. Food can be hit or miss.Eating at this place has been the worst experience dinning out at a restaurant/gastropub.  First they messed up our reservation from a ten person reservation to a one person reservation.  Instead of apologizing and taking care of the situation, they were just able to sit half of our group after insinuating that it was our mistake that the reservation was made for one.  I wish I was in that half of the group that left. They sat us in the back patio...which may look romantic if you ignore the heat and noise from the AC, and the flying cockroaches.  Literally one cockroach flew towards me, I almost fell off the chair.
We were not able to finish our food.  When we brought the issue to the managers attention he just said "well you were seating outside" like it was totally normal.  If I were the owner I would definitely send the manager and the hostess ( half eye frown face girl) to an intensive course of customer service.
About the food, it was not that great.  I ordered the burger, it was nothing special.  Definitely do not recommend SylvainWe ate at Sylvain twice -- brunch and dinner -- during our trip to NOLA in early November and were impressed on both occasions. The food was excellent, and the service on both occasions was some of the best of our whole trip. We ate Scrambled Egg Toast (fluffy not-dry-at-all eggs on amazingly thick buttery toast with gorgeous salty, briney, and creamy accompaniments), Crispy Pork Shoulder and Coosa Valley Grits (great flavor, super tender pork), Fried Eggplant & Burrata (perfect!), Chilled LA Gulf Shrimp (best take on the classic shrimp cocktail I've had), Fennel & Endive Salad (honestly, one of the best dishes I had the whole week -- the combination of the crispy endive with the country ham and sharp blue cheese was amazing), Pan Seared Scallops (delicious). The Modern Logger (bourbon, aperol, fernet, ginger, lemon) was a true winner, and kudos to our waitress for totally understanding the logic behind ordering a sidecar of Schlitz. Our only regret is that we ran out of days in the city to go back a third time.Went for lunch at 1:30 on a Saturday and had to eat at the bar-- so get reservations, even for lunch. Also, there is not an alternative (or cheaper) lunch option so the dinner menu is also the lunch menu.  The drink menu is nice, strongly a bourbon/whiskey orientation. We decided to just do apps, and all three were ON POINT. In comparison to other french quarter food, this feels like real chef-prepared food. We had the antipasti app, I could have eaten the hummus and pickles all day. Really fantastic, even the pork pate was great (and I was scared of it). The Brussel sprout salad was VERY well done but my favorite was the bruschetta. JUST GET IT. No really. ORDER IT NOW. so yea, this place was awesome. Oh, and the cleanest bathroom I've been to in the quarter.Such a cool atmosphere. Great drinks, great food, great service, and great decor- screams 'Merica!' and I loved the patio in the back. 
The sweet potato & corn soup was the perfect mix of sweet & savory. We were very happy with our entrees as well- Gulf Shrimp Pirloo & Pan-fried Pork Shoulder..mmmOn our first evening in New Orleans we were looking for good, inexpensive food in the french quarter. At times it is very hard to find a really good meal that won't break the bank. This restaurant did just that. The quality of the meal and service was simply great. The waitress was very helpful and knew everything about the menu.
I would definitely recommend this restaurant to any other visitor. This is a must return on my next trip.Sylvain is a hidden gem for tourists surrounded by typical New Orleans tourist traps in the French Quarter. 
The restaurant inside is very cozy and it also has a beautiful outside patio. We opted for the outside patio and learned that the back wall is the second oldest wall in the city which was pretty cool. 
The food was delicious and the service was perfect.
This is one of those restaurants I wish existed in my home town!The food at Sylvain is incredible. I've been for both brunch and dinner and have enjoyed every bite and every cocktail I've ever tried. The fresh fish crudo and the cheese grits are especially notable. In addition to excellent, relevant food and ambiance, the service I received tonight at dinner was easily the best service I've ever gotten at any restaurant. My partner and I didn't have a reservation, and we were seated at the bar within an hour by a couple of extremely wonderful hostesses. Once there, we were taken care of by Lily and Ellie, who were amazing. We were drinking red wine, but when we ordered the crudo, Ellie brought us small glasses of white to accompany it, which was absolutely the right call. The timing of service was perfect. The company was wonderful. The music is awesome. Thanks to Lily and Ellie, we'll be recommending this place to everyone who will listen for years to come. Thanks for a wonderful last dinner in New Orleans.Sylvains was amazing!  The fish special and the shaved brussel sprouts salad were delish!My husband and I had several great dinners in New Orleans, but the dinner we had at Sylvain stood out as the most memorable. We would never have gone there if it hadn't been for Yelp, as the front of the building did not stand out in any way. We were ready for a leisurely dinner from reading the reviews, but because the quality of the food was so great you wouldn't want to rush through it anyway. We don't usually have dessert, but in this situation we did (we had the cheese plate) just in order to stay and enjoy the ambience. 
Vicky N.This place rocks. We had the griddle cakes for an appetizer and the quail for dinner. The service was phenomenal. Very good dinner date spot!!I went to Sylvain with the bae for my birthday dinner, and I was very pleased with the experience. Got the pork milanese, which achieved a lovely balance between light and filling. Especially enjoyed the root vegetables it came with. Cleaned the plate. Chocolate pot de creme was heavier than other versions I have enjoyed. The top in particular had a consistency reminiscent of chocolate ganache frosting, as if belonging on a cake. Boyfriend was very impressed by the burger and the twist on the root beer float that he got for dessert. I will mention however that the waiter and the menu disagreed on the ice cream used. Was endeared by the fact that they gave us free half-glasses of champagne. Was not endeared by how very noisy it is inside. I would go back at any time however because I have full faith in any of their inventive main dishes.Great hip atmosphere, very good burger, and a great bartender. This is a great option if you are in the Quarter and don't want to spend a ton of money for dinner.Its entrance, nestled  behind and In between buildings, can be easily missed so pay close  attention not to miss it; For missing the entrance means missing an enjoyable and tasty dinner.  
Once seated, the server, in our case Joe, gave us the most attentive service. His knowledge of the difference in the wines offered lead him to choose the perfect bottle that matched our distinctive taste preference for the night. 
We started with the shaved Brussel spout salad. It was refreshing and light. The lemon white balsamic dressing gave  it a special kick. 
One entree was the daily fish preparation. It was fresh and depending on the season and day  of the week, the fish type itself differs. It was pan seared and then backed to a perfect outside crisp with a flaky inside. 
The second entree which was made especially for me, a vegetarian, was a house made pasta with a light sauce and vegetables. This dish allowed my tastebuds to "party yum yum yum!"
 This place is a must not only for the food and service, but for the atmosphere. 
I never knew that sitting in an alleyway on non descriptive tables and chairs could be such a different and pleasant dinner experience.Excellent service. Really beautiful outdoor patio. Enjoyed the cheese plate!My wife and I went for Sunday brunch. She had been to dinner there with friends 3 times but it was my first experience. I had the braised short rib hash and she had the brioch french toast.
I like hash of all kinds and make a point of getting it whenever I can in any restaurant I visit. This was, by far, the VERY BEST I have ever had. I have heard others talk about meals or foods they have had and describe them as a transcendental experience. Until I had this one, I could never understand what they meant. Now I do.
I tried some of my wife's french toast and it was also excellent. 
The staff was very engaging and helpful as well. 
I cannot understand why there is not a line around the block waiting to dine here all the time. 
I plan on becoming a regular. Please do yourself a favor and dine here, you will not be disappointed. Amazing experience.
Oh, I almost forgot. The prices are very reasonable, especially in light of the quality.Spent the afternoon wandering around the French Quarter of New Orleans after dropping someone off at the airport. I love the character in the area. I had hoped to take pictures for my inner tourist, but everything I wanted was art in a no-photo area. There are some great artists out here!
Semi-wandered our way here just to get food. Turns out that they do reservations, but were able to get us a table anyways. And they don't serve dinner until 1730. Not sure when the bar opens.
Excellent food and service. Nice ambiance.  Expensive, but definitely a good time.favorite restaurant of the trip. really interesting dishes. good service. hidden gem.Would never go back! Food was good but service was deplorable! When the server made a mistake on our order, he never acknowledged it or apologized. The staff actually made our guest who received the wrong entree, feel that it was her fault. Will NEVER go back, and will tell people who I know are going to New Orleans not to patronize this business. 
It's a real shame because I loved the atmosphere, food and location. But there is no excuse for rudeness!Such good food, great service.  We had an amazing pork shoulder, with greens and grits.  They set a very nice atmosphere with soft candlelight and casual music.Beautiful interior, charming staff, great food and great prices. The patio is lovely!My party and I came for lunch and we were promptly seated.
We ordered a bottle of prosecco for the table. Our server was very friendly though she seemed busy halfway through our meal.
We all ordered different entrees so our party of 7 got to try a bit from everyone. I ordered the Quail with cornbread stuffing, mustard greens and vinaigrette. I actually found the dish a tad too salty. It was lacking more of the vinaigrette or some sweetness. The quail was perfectly cooked. I was expecting the cornbread to have more flavor.
It was my bites from the other girls that made me realize I may have just ordered the wrong thing. My favorite bite was definitely the Pan-fried Pork Shoulder. It complimented the sides perfectly and there was sweetness there that my dish lacked.
Overall though I loved the ambiance, the food was above average and I'd come back again to try something new.DELISH! Loved the atmosphere & options. Service was great and everything was fresh, local & truly unique.Came in for a late dinner at this very groovy spot. Skullduggery abounding in a some very nice ways. Great music, cool decor and lots of sinewy, well dressed diners possessed by the spirits of New Orleans' ancestral pirates, rats and other assorted lowlifes. Split the burger, which others described as bland, but I  liked it just the same. Also, we had the crudo, seafood fritters, and brussel sprout salad. All were delicious. Best Sazerac maybe ever. And the hostess was a punk badass doing wheel kicks to the Ramones. Really excellent meal overall. Highly recommend this place. 4.5 stars reallyI'm in love. My girl friend and I were looking for our last meal in NO. We read reviews about this place but we were a little skeptical since there were so few. We took a chance, and we hit an absolute home run. This was our best meal of the trip and it will be my first meal the next time I am back in town. Our appetizer (roasted beet bruschetta) was fantastic and both of our meals were outstanding (crispy pork shoulder and pappardelle bolognese). If you are worried that there are not enough reviews then get in, give it a try and see for your self. I promise you will not be disappointed.Best Bloody Mary we had in NOLA, and that's saying something. Sunday brunch was great. Every dish was just right. Pork short rib hash - yes!Amazing food, amazing service. Went here for our 20th anniversary with a group of friends other than the noise level being a little loud everything else was perfect.Loved this restaurant.  Went there twice in a week during a recent conference.  The location is great in that it is far enough from Bourbon Street to keep that crowd away, yet close enough to be fun.  Ate at the bar both times and loved my meals.  Had the gulf shrimp and hominy the first night.  Great meal!  The second night I enjoyed the pappardelle and really enjoyed it too.  Bar is great and so are the employees.  Fun crowd.  Looking forward to coming back on my next trip to NO.The waiter Joseph D was extremely rude. His etiquette does not match the atmosphere this restaurant represents. Each year I arrive in NOLA and come here for lunch or dinner and this was the most disappointing experience I've ever had. He ripped the bill out of my hand, he refused to take my order when i asked to start with an appetizer (before everyone else was ready) and he was just rude all around. Definitely will not be coming back next year.Fantastic meal. We had the arugula salad which my friend said was the best salad he'd ever had, the dressing was fantastic. I had the brussels sprout salad which was also very good (maybe could have used a tad more seasoning). Dinner was amazing, we got the duck confit and the pork, the pork was OMG good! They have an interesting cocktail menu as well.  We sat inside near the bar and I thought the music was a little loud/odd, I'd try to eat in the patio next time if it were available.This place is a hidden gem, and I mean hidden, if you're walking down Chartres Street, I find it's very easy to miss it, but it's incredible.
I love the history behind the restaurant. It apparently has the 2nd oldest wall in the French Quarter dating back to the 1700s.  It was also a local hang out of William Faulkner, of course not Sylvain but the bar and this location.  Apparently it's also haunted.  All of these little facts greatly enhanced my experience.
Now on to the food.  The beef cheek was to die for!  It was perfectly cooked with a delicious marinade and amazing smashed potatoes.  The watermelon gazpacho was also awesome!  The only thing I'd say is, skip the chicken liver, it's probably the worst thing on the menu (and I like liver).  
I also love the fact that the only spiced rum they have is made from the New Orleans Rum distillery.  Apparently every staff member at this restaurant has to go on a tour of the distillery.  The rum is great and the food is better.  A must visit in NOLA.Service was great, beer was great, ambiance was great. I had the fish special. The veggies on the plate were excellent, the fish was a little tough. My girlfriend had the pulled pork. I wasn't a fan of th collared greens on the sandwich with the meat.Mediocre and the service is not great - i do not get what all the fuss about. 
appetizer - Chicken Liver Crostini - simply not tasty at all. and I really like chicken liver..
main - Roasted Texas Quail - 26 dollar for flavorless dish that was smallest than average appetizer size. 
service - I wish he was smiling for time to time - but he had a miserable look the entire time. he knew we didn't like the food - but he only apologized.. 
obvioulsy we did not bother with dessert.. 
The only good thing - and that why I gave stars is the Boucherie recommendation (we asked a dif. waiter for restaurant recommendation.. we were HUNGRY).
Bad experience.Small place, but not unbearable.   Good menu with enough variety and good price point for a fun dinner out without breaking the bank.  Chicken liver app is silky sooth. Burger was reported to be delicious (by dining companion) and pappardelle was expertly done.I'm not sure how Sylvain has such a high rating.  It's pretty small and trendy inside.  The music is loud.  The waitstaff seem uninterested however.  
We started with the fried eggplant which was decent.  I ordered the Duck Confit, which was crispy (as stated) but I didn't find it very flavorful.  My girlfriend ordered a burger which was overcooked and dryed out.  I'm not sure why they even have the burger on the menu.  It was very disappointing. 
Sylvain definitely feels like a "cool" place to be.  But the food does not justify the snobbery of the restaurant.Amazing food (I ate Beef Cheeks) and friendly staff. Highly recommend.Only got to eat here once, but Sylvain gets a solid four stars for an all-around excellent experience.
Without reservations, my comrade and I only waited about 10 minutes at the tiny bar for a table. Hostess, bartender and server were all friendly and helpful. My Crispy Duck Confit with white beans, roasted beets and arugala salad was killer. There was a small selection of craft beers, and I enjoyed the Bombshell Blonde. Comrade liked the Sylvain burger, but I think $15 for a burger, even an amazing one, is a little too much.
If the prices were slightly lower, and the value a bit higher, it would likely tip the scales toward five stars, even with the pretty simple menu (only 10 dinner entrees). Regardless, I'd definitely go back.The the flavors of the pork milanese blended together very well. My husband ordered the 
Pappardelle Bolognese and that was very satisfying as well. The service was great, and the restaurant has a dark, cozy romantic feel. I definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting NOLA.Absolutely phenomenal. I love the entire space, especially the beautiful courtyard. The pappardelle bolognese was one of the best things I've ever eaten. Great service. Nice drink menu and their food menu offers just enough options for everyone.Ok, this place was outstanding. I started with a Sazarac. Great cocktail! Skipped the appetizers but had the pork belly salad. From my experience if there is pork belly on the menu it's a must. This was crispy and delicious. I finished every bit and wanted more. 
Dinner was the beef cheeks. Again delicious. They are served over a potato purée with a brown gravy. Outstanding. Melt in your mouth good. Lean tender And full of beef goodness. Get this entree, really it's that good.Amazing food and drinks!!! Would give this place 6 stars for the food alone. Amzing ambiance and excellent service. Unique cocktails and good wine list.
Pros
Food food food
Creative cocktails
Service
Ambiance
Cons
Lil noisy in the inside building
Needs a better champagne list (maybe add mumm, tattinger, piper sonoma or heidsick, chandon white star, or perrier jouet grand brut)Disappointing 
Was really looking forward to this place. Chicken sandwich was dry. Bar area is really loud and service was slow. Opt to sit outside on patio area.I want to start this review with a disclaimer.  I am a local uptown New Orleans resident and I have worked in restaurants and bars all over the quarter.  I am usually incredibly understanding of what goes on behind the scenes in a restaurant, and rarely complain about anything because, hey, the restaurant business is hard!  There's a wait...fine... I have to sit at this table instead of that one... okay.  However, I had such a baffling experience at Sylvain tonight that I felt compelled to write this review.
My roommate and I were at Woldenberg Park for the free Dr. John show.  The show ended around six and we decided that we were hungry.  I suggested we go to Sylvain because I had been there previously, had had a wonderful experience, and wanted to go back.  She said yes as she had also been looking forward to trying the restaurant.  We walked in and told the hostess we would be two, she told us she did not have any open tables but we could sit at the bar.  We told her we would really prefer a table and did not mind waiting.  We asked her how long the wait for a table would be.  She ignored us.  We asked her again.  She continued to ignore us.  We decided we would sit and wait in the chairs in the courtyard since there was no room at the bar anyway.  Finally, two seats at the bar opened up, and the hostess showed us to them.  I looked around at 8 open tables in the dining room and asked her if it was possible for us to sit at one of them.  The hostess mumbled something about the kitchen and walked away.  Confused, I went back up to the hostess and asked her why we could not sit at one of the 8(!) open tables.  She told me that the kitchen could only accomodate so many plates at a time so she wasn't seating anyone at these tables.  Now, I'm sorry, but this just doesn't make any sense.  The kitchen makes the food regardless of whether you sit at the bar or a table, and since the kitchen was slammed it seemed reasonable to expect that we would be sitting and waiting for our food for a long time, which is fine. I understand when a restaurant is busy.  What I do not understand is why I had to be uncomfortable at a packed bar while I am waiting for said food, especially when I am staring at 8 open tables, and two parties got up and left during the hour I was there, leaving at one point 10 open tables.  It was extremely rude and just straight up didn't make sense.  I asked to speak to a manager who was also extremely dismissive of my complaint.  He told me that all those tables had reservations on them.  However, in the hour an a half I was there not a single person came in to claim any of these reservations.  He said he wasn't taking walk-ins, but then also went on to tell me that it might get busy later because of the big concert and he was trying to keep things under control (which is why we couldn't have a table too).  Now, in the hour a a half I sat at the bar not a single person came in to claim one of these "reservations."  A restaurant does not make reservations for "whenever the party feels like showing up."  They make reservations for a certain time.  If the hostess knew no one would be coming in with these reservations for an hour and half and the party looking for a table in the mean time is only two people, why not seat them instead of ignoring them?  Secondly, if the restaurant wasn't taking "walk ins except for at the bar," why should it matter that it might get busy after the free concert if only reservations are being accommadated and the business after the concert would come from walk-ins anyway?  Finally, I was baffled as to why the manager was so concerned about keeping the tables in his restaurant open for the hypothetical customers that *might* come in when the concert is over at 10 instead of serving actual, real customers willing to spend money right then and there at 8 o'clock.  It was really a shame that we had to deal with such non-sensical rudeness because if it wasn't for that I would give this restaurant five stars.  The food is delicious and they always play Wilco (my favorite band).  However, there are a lot of restaurants in New Orleans that are delicious and play good music; there is no excuse for this level of arrogance.  You're not Galatoire's, Sylvain.  I can walk into Galatoire's, get a table and receive excellent service, what makes you so special?We really enjoyed our dinner here several nights ago. We arrived a bit early for our reservation, but the hostess was more than accommodating, doing her best to get us both seated early and outside. We waited at the bar (really friendly bartender) and then got a table out in the courtyard, which was really pretty. As we sat down, the table was uneven and my cocktail dumped over; the hostess went back to the bar to order me a new one right away. 
The fried eggplant appetizer was so good, as was the shaved Brussels sprouts salad. I tried the pappardelle bolognese (a special that night), which was good but a bit bland. My husband had a shrimp dish that he enjoyed. Wanted to try a rootbeer float dessert but they were unfortunately out.
All in all it was a very pleasant dining experience - nice vibe, super friendly service, good food ... We might return but being from NY it reminded me of a lot of restaurants here and might be more interested in something a bit more "local" feeling next time, if that makes sense. 
Ps the night we were here, Ted Danson, Mary Steenburgen, Jason Sudekis and Olivia Wilde were having dinner, which was cool to see!Came here for my bday dinner, no reservations, luckily got a table but i don't recommend trying your luck by doing the same. The place was packed, so definitely call ahead and have a table reserved. For the second time that day, i was offered to be taken out to a restaurant of my choice, and again i chose to not go with one of my favorites, but rather a new spot i had been eyeing for a while and, alas!
The entrance is via a dark passage off of Chartres St that leads immediately into a courtyard (which i did not explore). Just to the left, is where the hostess met us and the experience began. After informing her we did not make reservations, we were told they were busy (which they were) and that it might be a fifteen minute wait for a table outside. So we put the name in and went to the bar for a couple drinks while we waited. The cocktails were delicious, its always extra good when its free as well.
After about a solid fifteen minutes, the hostess came to us and said they were prepping a table inside for us, awesomeness, because we really didn't want to sit outside, it was one of those humid New Orleans nights we're so famous for, but we would have taken whatever we could have gotten.
I ordered the braised beef cheeks and my date went with a soup and salad. Let me tell you, those beef cheeks were out of this world. I was super impressed with everything about this restaurant from the ambiance (although it was a bit too dimly lit), the service, and obviously the food. The beef cheeks came on a bed of potato puree, laced with sweet onions, field peas, and natural jus. It was one of the best dishes i think I've ever eaten. I know this because we happened to run into the chef outside as we were leaving and i told him that very same statement.
My date was really impressed with her soup which was a white bean puree with some sort of bacon flavored-something--can't-remember, and the roasted pear, smoked onion and arugula salad i also tried and was just nodding at its sapidity. She couldn't finish the salad, so i willingly obliged. I could see myself ordering that salad for takeout a lot.
We just did not have room for dessert, but once our server caught wind it was my birthday, he offered us these delicious shots. I forget the ingredients but it was a creme consistency, with cacao and mint flavor. Definitely a one-shooter shot, not something i could do all night long, but it was perfect for a dessert substitute; and it was on the house.
I'm so happy to have experienced this place, it's not often i treat myself to the spoils of the French Quarter fine dining. I also want to thank and appreciate the manager going around to each table ensuring everything was going well and everyone was enjoying their experience.
Great job!
BTW: Our server was Matt, and he was awesome, thanks again, man!I was pretty disappointed with Sylvain. I had the "chick syl-vain." It was so overdone and dry that I desperately needed the yummy cocktail to finish. My companions, however, enjoyed their meals. One had the same sandwich, so perhaps I just got a bad one. The other surprise was the 7$ bottle of water, which was large enough for 3 glasses but an unexpected charge.Can I just say how ridiculously amazing the crispy pork shoulder was? I mean, better than Cochon, which was slightly dry and left you wishing for more sauce
This shoulder was crispy on the outside and succulent on the inside, with a drizzling of juice on the plate. Served on a mound of cheese grits, which were perfectly creamy and cheesy and well seasoned, and collards that were vinegary and sweet all at the same time. The combination was an amazing flavor explosion, but even separately each item was exceptional. It's easy to see why it's a favorite menu item. 
As a starter I had the beet bruschetta, which was an interesting flavor combination. I thought about saving some for leftovers but decided the bread would get too soggy. The beets were a good flavor and roasted well, and in the dark it looked almost like meat.
I HIGHLY recommend this place for a reasonably priced delicious meal. Bartendress was awesome with her recommendations and had a great manner with her other drinking customers.Uhhh Brussel Sprouts you never forget??
Great ambience and service. Foodie haven and backyard alfresco diningVery, very good food. Excellent service with not too much pretentiousness.  Awesome mix of music they play that wasn't predictable, which was refreshing. Thought I'd like to add it was just me with no reservation and I was seated immediately. Hostess was very kind. The atmosphere is very chill and relaxing.  My waiter was a little pretentious and didn't have friendly people skills but oh well. I normally don't mention waiter professionalism unless the dining experience is expensive. This place is pricey and when I pay that much I do expect the waiter to have some skill with making his tables feel welcome.  I will note that the hostess and bartender were very attentive and cordial. The food was outstanding without question.Perfect ambiance for a cozy (and delicious!) date night! My husband and I had just checked into the Omni Royal after a 10 hour drive and were starving. We didn't have reservations and the earliest available was 930 on a Thurs night (so make reservations for a table ahead of time!). Instead we sat up at the bar and our bartender was super knowledgeable and had awesome food/drink recommendations. Since I'm 8 mo pregnant, they made me a virgin mixed drink with the housemade ginger beer and my husband had one of the best Old Fashions he's had in awhile! (But plans to try their Sazerac next time). We shared the fried eggplant appetizer (SO GOOD) and pork shoulder dinner... holy moly! So stinking good! Even my husband who is super picky and sticks to plain foods loved it. Also, I may have eaten an entire coconut cake to myself for dessert.... No pics bc it was super dark & candle lit. But it was a great dinner to start off our first time in New Orleans!What a great place! We had a party of eight, and the service we received was excellent. Drink orders were taken promptly and arrived quickly. Dinner orders were taken and arrived promptly. Everyone enjoyed their food, but the highlights were the shaved Brussels sprouts salad, the bolognese, and the beef cheeks. Only reason I give Sylvain four stars is due to the ambiance. It was quite dark, so dark that we all pulled out the flashlight apps on our iPhones to read the menu, and it was extremely loud. We will definitely go here again next time we return to NOLA.GET THE CHEESE PLATE! Some of the most unusual cheese I've ever tasted (or smelled) but very good.  Also the beet bruchetta was tasty.  The service is good, even the hostess was friendly which is sometimes hard to find.  The bartenders were very quick, especially considering they were packed!  On a Saturday night it got pretty cramped and pretty loud.  Although they do have outside tables which offer much more room and looked like they would have solved my only problem with the restaurant.Suddenly as you walk along the street...you run into this quaint location.  Outside Patio seating and fresh selections.  Brussel Sprout Salad was an amazing surprise. The fresh pickled vegetable plate and the southern Antipasti was perfect.AH-MAZING!! We had a great dinner here tonight! Started with the tomato and cucumber salad then the beef cheeks and finished with the chocolate ganache. Everything was beautiful and the staff were excellentCute little gastropub with outdoor seating and great for a date night. I got the rose and it was super crisp and light! I choose the 3 course prix fixe menu and got the deviled eggs for my starter, the shrimp and grits for the entree and the chocolate pot de creme. The deviled eggs were so creamy and melted in my mouth and the bacon bites were an excellent addition. The shrimp and grits were delicious and the shrimp was so succulent and the tomato-basil brood and caramelized onions really rounded out the dish. I was stuffed by the time I got to the dessert but the chocolate ganache was so rich and i finished every bit of it!We had a lovely time at Sylvain.  This is a five star review because of the service, but the food and atmosphere was also wonderful (4+). We arrived very early and were seated immediately. Our server, Jacki, was fantastic. She steered us towards the sweetbreads appetizer, which we wouldn't have ordered without her guidance. It was great. Wonderful spice and tanginess to balance out the richness. The grits were absolutely fantastic (the kitchen gave us a special side order), as was the mahi mahi fish special and the pork belly. After we were finished, we asked Jacki what we should do in New Orleans, and she came back with a great list of things to see, eat and do. It was clear that the staff all pooled their recommendations and really wanted us to have a great time.
Food: 4-4.5
Service: 5
Atmosphere: 4We went here based on recommendation from a local and were not disappointed! Food was awesome, especially for the price point!  If you go you should request Dawn as your server - she was fantastic.  We ordered everything she told us to and I mark this one of my best dining experiences to date.  We went with the Sweetbreads and Brussel Sprouts (awesome to eat together) for the starter, then got the pork shoulder and the Pork Milanese for entrees.  This will be a mandatory stop every time we are in NOLA.Wow! This place is wonderful...really, THE best restaurant in the French Quarter...my husband & I easily made our reservation thru YELP, arriving a couple mins early we wer offered a seat at the bar to wait a couple mins, our bartender was gracious& friendly, we ordered a couple glasses of wine, a cheese board(ahhh, the cheese board here is exquisite-I think of it regularly now that I'm back home)...we wer seated promptly. We had a wonderful server that answered all of our questions with ease & in the end we decided on having 2 fish specials & a Brussel sprout salad-divine.simple.clean.gentle. Everything from the door to the dessert was great...I wish I could eat here everyday...thank you SYLVAIN!!!OK - another amazing dinner in New Orleans. Yelp helped us find this place and we used Open Table to get a same-day reservation. I would recommend reservations. The place is small and very popular. You walk through an alleyway and go into the restaurant through the back. There is a small courtyard there where you could eat when weather is nice and the restrooms are back there. The dining room is small and intimate (i.e., tables very close together). There is also a long wood bar. 
Originally, we got a hipster vibe - dim light (so dim that we used the mini candles at the table to read our menus - yes we are old), reclaimed wood, lots of patrons wearing black-rimmed glasses with lots of facial hair (only the guys), you get the picture. However, once my husband asked our waiter his name (Jon Eric) and I mentioned that I went to school in the south and everyone had two names - so I was called Beth Ann - our waiter opened up and we had a wonderful experience. And he's not from the south - but New York. My husband is even copying his facial hair now. 
But back to the food. Our waiter recommended the sweet breads for an appetizer - said they were flavored like hot wings. My husband said "Sold"! After the waiter left, I said -sweet breads are some kind of organ meat - and I googled it - Pancreas. Well, who cares, they were amazing. Order them.
The drinks were awesome - I had a French 75 with lavender and my husband had a bourbon drink with egg - Omar's Flip. Both were recommended by our waiter after he asked us what we liked. Both were amazing.
For entrees, I had the fish special - Mahi Mahi and my husband had the Shrimp Pirlou. Both were fresh, unique and wonderful. 
I would definitely recommend this place and would be on our list if we return to New Orleans.From the front facade of Sylvian, you'd think this establishment is a small, dark hole-in-wall hidden in the French Quarter. Wrong! Once you go in, the place opens up with a gorgeous outdoor patio and tons of seating. Fooled me!
I really wanted their beef cheeks, but they were all out. Sad. We all settled for other entrees - none of which were memorable or blew my mind. 
This is a safe place for dinner if your'e in the area.Interesting place with various sitting areas. Great food. Lively atmosphere, but a little loud. Nice,compact menu. Perfect for my tastes. Homemade pasta was delicious! Excellent service.this is my new favorite nola restaurant!  the food was amazing and the service was superb.  the atmosphere is uber cool, with a walk down a little european like small walkway/alley into a courtyard and restaurant.  
i will be back soon!!!It is overpriced and the flavors are average, at best.  
The courtyard is filled with little critters and droppings.  Upon seeing that, on our way out, I looked up the history of critical code violations, and the list of violations for this place is astonishing.   
Even if there were no other restaurants in the Quarter, I would avoid this place.  Given, however, the multitude of other places within a block or two, I will certainly never return.One of best places I've been in a while. Did not have reservations only took about an hour/hour and he to get a table. Drinks were great (had vodka with fresh lemon juice). We started with a cheese plate...yummy and a  charcuterie plate...Double yum. I followed that with the beef cheeks (which I've never had cheek before) let's just say everyone was trying to steal my plate. We sat in the courtyard it was pretty and intimate.  I can't wait to go back.If you are looking for a quiet and well lit place, keep looking. If you are looking for a restaurant with a cool atmosphere/vibe and eclectic crowd, look no further. Exposed brick. Low lighting. Quaint. 
Our server was knowledgeable and attentive. The Pork Milanese and Shaved Brussels Sprouts Salad were fantastic. The French fries were superb. 
Make sure you save room for the Chocolate Pot de Creme. Rich, smooth and decadent. It will make it into your top 10 Best Dessert list.Amazing all around! My husband and I are total "foodies", I read about this place and saw mixed reviews. Due to location we decided to give it a try and am I glad we did! By far the best meal we had in NOLA! From the sweet potato brushetta, my husbands country fried steak and my pasta, to the dessert and cocktails it was overall a superb experience! Don't be persuaded by poor reviews if you are a foodie! This is a must try!OH my goodness.  I was here for dinner on Saturday night, and it was incredible. Our server was incredible friendly and knew exactly which items on the menu were gluten free for me. I had the garlic sausage and it was delicious! When I asked which desserts were gluten free, he responded that all of them were! We had the chocolate mousse and it was to die for. I can't wait to go back.I love Gastro Pubs and this place is outstanding! I found this on yelp while visiting New Orleans and had to check it out! Make a reservation and you will have no problem getting a great table. The ambiance was awesome and not cheesy like most restaurants in the quarter and truly is a gem! 
We got the eggplant fritters (didn't love the aioli) but the house made hot sauce was a great dipping sauce. Also had the sausage  and  the duck! Both entrees were great. Beer menu is relatively small, but had fantastic cocktails!The beef cheeks.  The richest, most tender beef you ill ever put in your mouth.  Had the chicken liver and it was very good.  Service was just right and meal paced well.  Everyone was friendly.  Menu offerings explained in detail.  Would recommend and I will be back.Absolutely fantastic. The red snapper was one of the most memorable dishes I have ever tasted, and the pork shoulder absolutely blew me away.This place was great. I had the Beef Cheeks and it was cooked perfectly. The server was very good, as well. 
While we had to wait a while to be seated, it was worth the wait.Great atmosphere. Food was amazing. I had the best scallops here. I feel its more of a hip local bar/restaurant. Which i like. i was a visitor of NO myself but I can't stand the tourist traps. I did see a rat in their courtyard at night.  But I'm guessing its pretty normal considering the location.The atmosphere drew me in immediately. It's dim, charming, and romantic. 
Service was friendly. However, the food was not quite what I expected. The bolognese was decent. The pasta tasted hand made, so that was a plus. But something about the execution made the dish coarse-tasting (in the style of the food, not the texture). 
Fiance's pulled pork sandwich was rich and flavorful, but extremely salty. We also had a couple of beers, Hopitoulas and another stout, the name of which I cannot recall. Hopitoulas was on the more watery and less hoppy end of IPAs, and the stout was not strong enough.Sylvain is a perfect little gastropub tucked down a corridor and away from the Bourbon St. chaos. The atmosphere is cozy hipster, but not pretentious. I mean, they serve their dirty martinis in lowballs with seeded olives. You will never find a blue cheese stuffed olive here!  It don't get more down home than that.  My sister and I started off by having the chicken liver crostini! Yum! Very delicate and just a schmere on the costini with some dandelion greens. No need for a big glob to get the full flavor. Then came the deep fried eggplant. I was skeptical as eggplant can be bitter or tough. Not the case. And, the batter must have been infused with a lemon zest in addition to the lemon aioli drizzle because it was noted in the peices without the sauce. Perfect starters!  For the main dish we split the pan fried pork shoulder, grits and greens. This was by far some of the best pork I've tasted! Melt in your mouth tender and the creamy/buttery grits had just a few chunks of hominy to give texture. The greens were perfectly tender, not bitter and had a lovely hint of BBQ sweet/smokiness but I detected no sauce. Not sure how they did that. I may actually have to come back before we leave. That pork is like crack.What to say, what to say... Grade A drinks, decent dish.
Pardon my scoring but I would have to rate it average.
Parking, well as any other location in the French Quarter, it's quite difficult but the key is that it's a block away from Decatur which has good parking after 6 so a thumbs up on location.
The establishment... clean and doesn't stand out but I kinda like that actually. A different story when you step inside cause the place is clean, open, a bit too dark but good enough actually.
Drinks... perfect 10. Not much to say after that. I get gilly when a drink is well balanced, tastes beyond great, and hits the blurry vision spot. Again, a perfect score for that.
As for the food... well this is where it makes it all average. I had the Sylvain Chicken Sandwich. It was slightly dry and all there was, was fried chicken and a piece of uncreative bread. I mean, if the chicken stood alone and was unique, fine but it was again average and although the fries were good, it could hold on its own... it definitely needs to be dressed in some way.
My co-workers said the food was ok and our server was cool.
I'll easily be back for the drinks for sure... and if it's your first, try them out for sure.