This might just be my favorite cafe in New Orleans. Amazing coffee and treats, as well as a calming atmosphere with rustic decor. There are a few seats in this dreamy little nook of coffee heaven, but it's mostly just a grab and go spot. Great vibes all around and I will most definitely go out of my way to grab coffee from here. Love.Very cute semi-hidden neighborhood coffee shop. Watery chai, but the best espresso drinks we had in New Orleans by far.Another excellent visit.  
Located on Poland Avenue by St Claude, it's hard to miss so you really have to watch for it!  
I got a cup of Americana coffee for my wife and had a cup of the Bolivian coffee (with hints of chocolate and caramel).  I love the fact that they grind the coffee beans in front of you and then filter the coffee right in the cup.  Absolutely delicious.So happy I can walk to Solo to start off my morning. This place feels like home to this New Yorker. Lots of artisan blends and many interesting brewing methods for you to choose from. Great place to try something different and learn something new.Another great hidden New Orleans coffee house serving excellent coffee. The best thing about solo is the great service from the baristas and the great baked goods from The Pantry bakery. Excellent biscuits and other baked good go well with solo's great coffee. Solo is a hidden treasure.Solo Espresso definitely has the best coffee in New Orleans. It has the richest drinks and the best latte art. It is in Bywater and not really close to anything else. The shop is in the basement of a house in a residential neighborhood across from a school. It is almost 3 miles from the French Quarter. It took me 40 minutes to walk there and I had to cross the 4 lane St Claude Avenue. If you go, I recommend driving or using an Uber. Even though it is great coffee, I do not know if it is worth a round trip Uber ride just for a cup of coffee unless you really love coffee. Keep in mind that it closes at 3 PM and is not open on Sunday.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.Small but very cute and cozy coffee place. My matcha was great, unlike other places that over-sweeten and technically ruins the original flavor. Kind of weird that they are only open til 3pm M-S and 1pm on Sunday but if you are nearby, stop by and check this place out!As someone who enjoys their coffee black, I find their brew delightful. The place is small and neat and the staff is very friendly. I'm very happy that this place is only 5 minutes away from me.This is a charming spot with great coffee. The decor design of the place is creative and care in the details. I like the over night oats. Service is friendly.Half dead and in search of something to wake us up, we rolled around searching for some good coffee. We drove up to this little house which oddly enough used to belong to my husbands babysitter aeons ago lol. I won't claim to be a coffee expert by any means, but I do know good coffee when I see it and this place has it. With a very small but awesome menu, everything on it screams DRINK ME!!! I decided on the drip coffee of the day which if I'm not mistaken was from Peru (Don't quote me). It was strong and perfect and woke me up within 30 seconds. 
This is not a place where u bring ur study group and stay for hours due to the space, but rather somewhere u come solo hence the name. Nonetheless if your looking for a unique spot with people who actually don't mind taking the time to explain and educate and who actually care, give this place a go.REAL coffee. Nice people who care. Cute cozy spot with friendly peeps to chat with. Fun food pop-ups/ Yes, I will go out of my way to drink here.You'll probably need to drive here, but it's worth the trip. Serious coffee drinks delivered in a warm little space.Excellent coffee, well cared-for store, and I love the attitude (if you like attitude, that is).
Great that is off-the-beaten-track, but not so far out.This place is a total gem in a city of not enough coffee (in my humble opinion). I finally ended up here on my last day in the city and I have since recommended it to all the locals I know. Yes, it is off the beaten path a bit, and it's like a little hippie coffee cave. Everything about this place made me happy.
They open and close early (like a real coffee shop). The interior is small, personal, and full of good vibes. There was an adorable dog just hanging out on one of the chairs inside. Drinks are made to order, beautiful, and delicious. The second my latte was gone, I wanted another. I brought a bag of beans home with me, which was a great decision. If I lived here, I would definitely make this my regular spot. Just knowing it exists makes me like New Orleans more.Best coffee in the Bywater district of New Orleans!
I actually found this place on Yelp, located near where we were staying at the time.
Located on Poland Avenue, it's very easy to miss so keep an eye out for this place. 
Yes, it is a total dive but they serve a mean cup of coffee.  The owner will filter each cup right there for you and fix however you like it.  They have a nice assortment of coffees or espressos to choose from and the prices are very reasonable.  
We will return next time we visit New Orleans!I came here with my friend from New York, she said it was some of the best coffee she's ever had. Is it in the basement of some old collective punk house wizard castle? Unclear. Also giving this 5 stars because the spot was full of homos and I like to be among my freaks when I travel.One of the most unassuming places in town. LOVE that they have Panther beans, I think it's the only place in town to use them. 
Great specialty drinks, cold brew, iced pour-overs, but the most unique thing here is vanilla curry iced coffee. Phenomenal. 
Thank you, Solo, and your endless rotation of interesting and exciting pop-up food vendors!Best iced mocha ever!!!! All other coffee shop suck in comparison.I can honestly say I have never had a better cappuccino in my life. There is a sweet shop dog that hangs in the corner and the place is tiny and cozy and community driven. No wifi, which is great for my writing. Others might rate the place lower for some of these qualities but it's just what I need when I want an espresso drink while I get some offline work done.The pink neon crossed with sun-bleached pastel sign glows from behind the creeping tendrils of plants. The glow is like a wanderers siren song amongts the many quaint and decaying buildings of the Ninth Ward. Iridescent oil floats atop rich, black depths of coffee inside. 
It was like a nostalgic dream the moment my foot landed out the door.My cappuccino was very smooth. Whole milk and brown sugar only! The barista was very personable, as well. 
Not the best place for schoolwork though, as the small space causes the conversations to be loud and fairly distracting. 
The atmosphere is extremely hipster, much more so than anywhere on Magazine Street, so if that's not your scene, it may not be the best fit. That being said, if you'd just like to grab a cup to-go, then this is great spot!Tiny little coffee shop in the middle the residential neighborhood. I love the decor. It feels homey. The coffee is great. I love to support local business, as should everyone. If you visit Nola, try this place. It's not far from the French Quarter. Beware: it's not open til 8 in the morning, which is later than most coffee places.Coffee is great, space is small, staff is friendly. I got a cappuccino and my husband got a pour over. There's not a ton of seating so I would recommend coming and getting it to go.Solo Espresso just keeps getting better and better.  The very best craft coffee I have had.Full disclosure: I don't drink coffee. And yet I really like this coffee shop. Their selection of herbal teas isn't exactly massive but seems to be well-curated. I got the lemon hibiscus and was very happy with it. The woman behind the counter was just as knowledgeable about - and just as happy to take a moment to talk about - the tea as she was about the coffee drinks my friends ordered.
There was a large, sweet dog hanging out in the shop when we were there, which contributed to the cozy feel. And there was a pop-up: Sugarman's bagels! Not sure how often this happens, but it's great to see businesses like this giving other local folks a chance to get the word out and build their fan base.
Overall, this is a nice, relaxing shop with good tea and (on the day we were there) delicious bagels.High quality drinks, atmosphere, and customer service. Lauren, the owner, knows what she is doing and that is apparent through her coffee craft. Do yourself a favor and pay this place a visit!We were staying in by water great spot with healthy breakfast options and good coffee.Solo rules. My only complaint (and they still get five stars) is they aren't open 7 days a week! Okay guys I guess you can take a break!Let's say one day you wake up and after looking around for a few minutes determine that you're still wearing all of your clothes, you don't appear to be currently engaged in any form of sexual activity and you don't seem to be in any immediate danger. Groggily you realize you're sleeping on a floor in a poorly air conditioned apartment somewhere the upper ninth ward of New Orleans. Sure you're hungover and still a little bit stoned from the uncountable joints that goddamn trust fund hippie named tarragon or okra or some other plant based food insisted on rolling last night, but what you really need is some fucking coffee. You're a bit grungy so you consider going to Satsuma but you are worried some really clean hipster on a new mac book talking loudly into an iphone about some vaguely tech or movie related project might be there silently judging you and you're too hungover to deal with that pseudo-yuppie bullshit today. You know moving closer to the quarter will only make matters worse so you step outside and head towards the industrial canal. You also have a strong craving to buy a mid-priced drip coffee after you walk past at least one bodega where you will definitely have to pay through bullet proof glass, see at least four stray roosters, definitely see one person you know but who's name you can't remember and have a 50/50 chance that some hipster who is more stoned than you is selling homemade vegan pastries. "Fuck me" you curse yourself almost silently "I know just the place, Solo Espresso."Great little place, inviting decor and friendly staff. I prefer to support small businesses over the giants ANY day. Would be a regular but they don't have caramel syrup and being a slave to my favorite I just am not happy with chocolate or vanilla. What they have was definitely delicious though, just not my first choice.I got a Americano and it was okay. Could have been back flushed. Super simple set up coffee and a few little treats. This is probably just how I perceived it but it kind of felt like they were a little pretentious. I'm a stiffer for friendly baristas who want to chat or say more then one word. Overall though okay coffee.A true gem. Love this place for mocha lattes and pastries!I love this place. After moving to New Orleans from Oregon I had mostly given up on drinking decent to good coffee. Until I found the coffee at Solo. Panther coffee is there regular beans which rotate from where they are imported from depending on what's in season. They also have a rotating guest brand which I've been equally impressed with. So far I've seen beans from my hometown Oregon from heart roasters as well as an amazing bag of beans from a company in Wisconsin called Ruby that was fantastic. I mostly go to Solo to get my beans in bulk to make at home and there selection is hands down the best I've discovered in New Orleans. Friendly staff as well. The prices vary from $15/$20 a bag which is more expensive than some but well worth the cost for me to have fresh, full flavored, delicious beans in a city famous for the horror of chicory coffee.This quiet little shop is the perfect place to grab coffee on the go. On the day I was here, there was a woman sitting outside selling king cake by the slice. The place is small inside, but there are some tables if you want to hang out and do some reading or just relax. I ordered the iced coffee (my favorite) and I was delighted by the flavor of it. It was rich and "sippable" without being too overwhelming or leaving me jittery. I'm not in this area a lot, but I wouldn't hesitate to return here for more of their coffee.Perfect atmosphere and very legit friendly folks. The owner has a masterful understanding of the neighborhood.Not only was the coffee divine and super, super clean-tasting, the baristas were helpful, friendly and answered all of my annoying questions extensively. I savored every single sip of my Americano and I will be back as soon as I can -- which hopefully is tomorrow when they have a cupping tasting and a pop-up Cuban restaurant event. Yessssss!!!! I have been searching for a coffee shop in New Orleans that makes chemex coffee, is run by people who buy quality beans and make quality coffee and has a feel-good space in which to read a book or study. This is it, ya'all. And it's in my neighborhood!So Great to finally have a coffee shop in the neighborhood! And delivery too!!!! Excellent coffee! Super friendly Barrista! Great addition to the bywayer!The coffee and drinks are great.but surprisingly no wifi!! 
Brought schoolwork and didn't expect that but.. yeah. That's what they said. 
So if your planning on using WiFi, nope.Stumbled across this gem totally by accident. 
The espresso coffee is sourced from Panther Coffee and brewed coffee from French Truck Coffee. 
This place focuses on coffee and it really shows in the quality of the beverages. 
Also, don't forget to say hi to Shinobi the Solo Espresso dog!Im no coffee expert, but this place does have THE best coffee in town, but I know my teas, my matcha and almond milk and it's one of the few places they don't just serve an over priced simple tea bag, but brew their teas at the moment and the Almond Matcha Latte makes my heart and belly oh so happy! Quality all around this place. The owner takes care of every little detail, from timing of coffee, tea to flavors and aesthetics. The staff is AMAZING! Baked goods are House made and GF. And the coconut yogurt is to die for. They now make food, which is as expected, quality all around, creative, and all gluten free and sometimes cater to us vegans . Menu changes weekly.Great little place for coffee & tea lovers! Lauren the owner/barista has been around coffee for a very long time and knows her stuff. She makes excellent drinks and has made her cafe into a memorable hang out spot. Go in and grab a drink - if you are lucky, you will be greeted by her sweet dog Shinobu.Can't miss this place on a trip to NoLa. I took a 20 minute taxi to get here. Well worth the trip. I'm from NYC where we have some solid shops, but none in Manhattan with the feel of this place. Love it. Also they have a special breakfast on Saturdays. Today was Laotian Omelets. So good.A hidden gem and a lovely surprise.  The drink was perfectly sweet and perfectly strong.  Prime espresso machine, fab art and really nice staff.  Hit this place!Tiny gem where quality to the craft matters. 
It's NOT this place to work or prowl the internet. Go there, sit back and unwind. It's a tiny postage size retreat to enjoy a fabulous cup of coffee or espresso. 
If you go on the weekend like I did, EXPECT long lines. Wait, patiently. It's so worth it.Really great coffee! For people that really know, and love coffee. Really wish I lived closer so I could go every day.love this cute little hidden spot! always perfect espresso drinks, friendly people who work here, and this one seeded looking blondie desert is unreal tasting!This place is craft. They are doing it the right way on all levels. They know how to pull a shot and how to froth milk. The latte was the perfect weight. Not to wet and not to dry. No giant air bubbles in the drink. Espresso had a nice crema and was perfect. The people are friendly and the the space is intimate. This is a place that takes its time to do it the right way. I will be back again and again.The carrot bread was moist and delicious and my almond milk latte was extra hot and strong , just the way I like it :-)Got two great drinks here but that almost didn't matter. This place has the best interior and the best, uh... vibe? feeling? of any cafe I've ever been to. Super warm and inviting, with great colors and great music and absolutely none of the sterility that's become the norm for specialty cafes, even really good ones. I ended up here on a visit from out of town while on a walk to the Lower 9th Ward Living Museum (unforgettable, FYI), and right away I almost felt sad that this wasn't a cafe that exists in my city.What a great, local coffee gem. It's small and cozy with a great vibe and a staff that is friendly and into coffee. 
They use coffees from multiple roasters,  so you have choices for your espresso or pour over. The Panther Nicaraguan espresso was smooth and served quickly.
This is my first experience at Solo. I see the regulars really like it here and I know why now.Stopped for breakfast coffee and small sandwiches. 
The menu is not particularly extensive and we heard they are stopping the kitchen service, but the egg sandwiches and breakfast tacos we had were great. 
The coffee is high quality and the sitting area is cute too.Consistency. As a cappuccino indulger, consistency is key. Time after time, they provide a perfect cup. I can always count on Sólo!Very unique coffee shop, with practically a 2 square foot area. Seating consisted of a long wooden bench and table; there was also a comfy-looking chair, but it was occupied by a dog (but he was so sweet that I couldn't be mad). The cappuccino I got was superb, but the pastry was subpar. The place has no wifi, but that's the point -- it's meant to be an intimate gathering spot and foster community and good conversation. I was just frustrated because I had an online assignment to do; it was my fault for picking the wrong spot. I felt very out of place there -- I got weird looks when I came in and quickly realized the place's clientele is mainly regulars.Great coffee. Local spot. No wifi, great vibe. Lots of options for coffee and manual brewing. If you want a low key atmosphere and local coffee options, Solo Espresso is for you. Got a cold brew-- tasted smooth and price was good. Staff is also nice and helpful!Really great vibes, knowledgeable barista, and tasty drinks. The espresso had a really unique flavor, and the brown sugar at the condiment cart was super tasty.
It's a very small coffee-shop in a residential area. Interior was very wooden and earthy, but bright & airy at the same time.Attitude with coffee. She loves working there. I guess. Cold brew. Cold shoulder. Quiet, peaceful shade throwing place.I don't know what she does to her iced coffee, but I am hopelessly addicted! Makes the best chocolate milk for my daughter too.Delicious coffee! They make a great vanilla latte and their cortados are fantastic as well. Perfect, smooth espresso flavors. I really want to come back and try more of their menu. They now serve food! It's a generic food menu but if you're looking for a snack with your coffee, they can definitely fulfill that need. Definitely come by if you're looking for good coffee. This is one of the best spots in the area. 
There's a bench in the back where you can get some work done but for the most part, it's a come get your coffee and go kinda establishment. The lighting is very dim so it wouldn't be an ideal place to study or work. I like the aesthetic of the place- both the interior and exterior. The outside looks very cute, like it's a hidden coffee shop surrounded by a tree house of sorts.Such good coffee! Had a terrible espresso at dinner last night, all I could do was look at it and wish I could time travel straight to Solo where it's real and goodThe carrot bread was moist and delicious and my almond milk latte was extra hot and strong , just try way I like it :-)This place is great, always friendly service. Owners are amazing and the establishment is spotless. A great variety of coffee and specialty drinks to choose from...New Coffee Shop on Poland Ave. The People are Awesome and so welcoming. Very Retro which add lots of Charm to this place. It's a must do New Orleans. #SoloEspresso So tell your friends near and far. That there's a New Coffee Boss in town.Nice touch to have toast or bagels to top off a great coffee experience. The care and brewing of the bean is undoubtedly a passion for this barista. Each solo cup is made with PP, Passion-Perfection...WOW!!! AMAZING...I heard that alot when I was there.
Vanilla/Curry
Vanilla with just a hint of curry.
She makes her own Vanilla/curry
Never thought of it???
Good to the last lick.
I loved it more than frogs...
I shall returnA great little corner coffee shop! Friendly, helpful and yummy drinks! Quiet and relaxing.It's coffee! (And apparently some food.) They can make you coffee in a cup, coffee in a small cup, coffee in a large cup, coffee mixed with milk, espresso, espresso mixed with steamed milk, small espresso mixed with steamed milk, large espresso mixed with steamed milk. They aren't Starbucks, and they're in the neighborhood. It's cool, check it out.I LOVE this girl. Found this gem a few months ago and can't get enough. Coffee is truly her passion and you can taste it in every perfectly crafted espresso drink. If you order a brewed coffee, have no fear that it has been sitting in a warmer for hours. They grind and hand brew each cup to order. I'm  originally from Seattle. When I moved I was disappointed in my coffee options, and then I found solo. I wake up craving her coffee. It's that good. The milk is steamed to velvety perfections, perfect consistency every time. Solo is espresso perfection.Amazing iced Americana.
East coast beans from Panther coffee. Tried some snacks which were not too great. The sandwiches looked a lot better than the snacks.
Coffee is amazing.Very cute coffee spot and there's an adorable shop dog who I assume is co-owner. The interior is really beautiful--nice furniture and a ton of interesting artwork up. The drinks themselves (over a few days, I tried the iced coffee, iced latte, and iced mocha) are pretty good. Nothing out of this world but definitely still good quality. The lower rating is because of the high prices... I've been to a lot of locally-sourced coffee shops and even though they obviously (and reasonably) charge more than, say, Starbucks, this was a bit excessive. Seemed to be the only good coffee shop in the area, so that's great... but not quite worth the $$$.This is not where you hunker down to research dogs online for your thesis on "How Dogs Truly Are Man's Best Friend" nor is this where you take your a cappella club that rolls deep and everyone's always trying to talk just a little higher than the other one.
This is where you go to decompress, deactivate, and de-rink some good coffee. This little bean burrow (my twist on Larissa's hippie coffee cave ref) is the size of a thimble compared to some of the Uptown coffee shops, and was such a great spot to have a morning convo with Allison P. While the space is small, I don't feel like our conversation was being overheard nor did my satellite ears necessarily pick up on other convos. 
I had a mocha, 'cause I'm a coffee plain Jane, and it was pretty darn good. No weird syrupy flavoring or that filmy taste you get with some mochas. I also didn't get any weird jitters that day, that sometimes happens, when I try a new place. I'd definitely like to try some other types of coffee preparations there on my future visits. 
This place is quite a stretch for me from where I live, so I don't know how often I'll be able to get over here, but I feel like I must try Joi's vanilla curry iced coffee with almond milk post haste. I also wish there was internet here so I COULD post up all day, but alas, that's not what this space is about. Ya' heard?I sit here crying into my home brewed coffee because it's not a vanilla curry iced coffee with almond milk from Sólo Espresso.  But wait, I hear they deliver. You're reading that right. Coffee delivery in New Orleans? Don't think I won't! I cannot say yet if there's a minimum or a delivery radius, but hopefully the Marigny isn't too far from this Bywater beauty!
It's no secret that I'm something of a coffee fanatic and I've extolled the virtues of my favorite java jive in town, but... but... this is seriously the best tasting coffee I've had. As in ever. Lauren makes the vanilla/curry syrup herself and puts in just enough so that it's not Starbucks sickening sweet ... no obliteration of coffee flavor here with corn syrup, thankyouverymuch. Almond milk instead of GMO-filled soy? Even better! Can't wait to try hot beverages as the chilly season is just about upon us. Oh and it may be "solo" espresso, but they have loose leaf teas as well. I'm rarely, if ever, interested in that, but it's nice to know for those who want to hang out in the parlour. No WIFI, but this is the kind of place I'd prefer to bring a book or a friend.
It's a cozy little spot that you might miss if you're not looking for it. After all, it was originally something of a basement coffee speakeasy -just pretend I didn't mention it. I swear, I can keep secrets. Anyway, it's open to the public now and thank Kaldi & the goats for that!Perfect coffee and perfect service! What more can you ask for! In this part of town, Solo is bringing the highest caliber of pouring one can find within a bikes ride. They even feature guest roasts regularly and offer cuban pastries. If you are looking for the best cup of coffee in the Bywater, look no further!Nice espresso, nice vibes, and nice people. It really is what a coffee lover loves in a café -- options for espresso, as well as different brew options. They have a walk-thru window I'd you're not wanting to sit in, and a cozy area inside, good for if you're on your own or with a group. It's a nice place to stop by in the morning before work.