Amazing breakfast right down the street from our hotel.  We had the crawfish and egg beignets......awesome.  Plus they have a happy house with BOGO oysters, heading over now! 
Ok, now I have to add that we just went there for happy hour.  We had the grilled oysters......do I hear harps?  Because the oysters were flipping heavenly!  PJ shucked our fresh oysters, which we had first, and he was a primo shucker.  The raw oysters were great but the grilled ones were from another dimension!  Great place for cheap happy hour drinks and oysters.  Great wait staff and PJ was awesome and a great shucking entertainer!Great service and very good food!   Husband and son ordered the southern fried chicken and the chicken and wafffles ...both excellent.  The thin fried catfish is a little different, but tasty, although some may prefer a more meatier fish.  Just overall cool, laid back modern atmosphere.Shrimp and grits were a huge portion and tasted good, just too much sauce for my liking.  Service was really slow and they were unattentive.Very very good charbroiled oysters. Sat here for lunch and devoured an order. Best so farDerrick and E has been amazing!!! We stayed at the adjoining hotel and these two individuals were the epitome of customer service! Everything was fresh and delicious! They made sure we were comfortable and satisfied at all times!!! I appreciate them! Tackle Bar they are the best! The charred oysters are to die even BETTER than Dragos! Try them guys you will not regret itWe stayed at the hotel connected to this est establishment and the service was amazing!  The charbroiled oysters and beignets were to die for!  Derrick and E provided the best service, will go again!Beautiful setting and friendly staff that offered to charge my son's phone while we ate. Our party of 3 ordered Garlic Parmesan Oysters which were a hit. We also tried their shrimp poboy, a burger and the grilled white fish. Everything was great except the grilled fish was a tad overdone. I would def return for cocktails and oysters when I'm in the NOLA area again.We stayed at the hotel for a conference and sat at the bar for drinks and food. The food was amazing and service was top notch.  Our bartender,  Gabby was very helpful in telling us about the food and what to do on the town.  She went above and beyond to make sure we enjoyed our stay.  Highly recommend this place to stay,  eat and drink.  If I ever return to the area,  I will definitely stay here and ask for Gabby at the bar.Amazing experience at the Tackle Box! Visiting with my friends, we decided to get on yelp and try and find a restaurant close to our hotel. Tackle box was able to accommodate our party of 7 with no wait. Arriving at the restaurant for brunch/lunch and viewing the menu, I was extremely happy to see some New Orleans specialties. Another thing that is pretty cool here is the dollar lunch beer. Any beer they have on draft (including IPAs and local beers) you can order a 6 oz sampler for $1. I took advantage of this opportunity and sampled some local beers. For my meal I had the voodoo oysters, AMAZING! I have never had oysters this good before, I could literally drink the sauce. Service was awesome, I'd come back here frequently if I lived in the city!We went for breakfast. It was just ok, not a great deal of variety on the menu. The place was empty and had little atmosphere. The service was ok but not overwhelmed.Was our first visit to Tackle Box with a group of five
others.  We were very excited to try the raw oyster platter.  Loved their their wall decor of various oyster shells from all around the world.  My friend also ordered the oyster platter.  Serious about our oysters.
We were so happy, well, until we had our first bite.   Now, granted, I've enjoyed briny oysters from East coast, West coast, London, Paris and never tasted oysters before that had no flavor... I mean, these oysters  were missing that briny goodness.  We agreed that these were the blandest oysters that we had ever eaten anywhere.
- Texture:  fine.  
- Temperature:  good, cold
- Flavor:   non existent   : (
- Size:  plump, medium sized. Good.
My friend, from Vermont, was equally disappointed at the lack of flavor.   Service was pleasant enough.   In summary, it was a less than fulfilling experience and will not be returning to Tackle Box for their raw oyster platter.Love the Tacklebox! We had the Charbroiled oysters, the wings, the raw oysters, the Crab and corn bisque and the shrimp wedge salad. Alot of food but every bite was amazing. The wings were smoky and flavorful with the dry seasoning. ROXY our server was polite and professional and did a great job of keeping our drinks filled and explained our dishes in detail. The charbroiled oysters had a nice buttery and parmesan crust and came with garlic bread for dipping. The wedge salad had a delicious dressing and was loaded with large sweet shrimp! The prices during happy hour doubled our portions but we managed to eat most of it except a few of the wings which we took with us. The atmosphere was nice and we had a window seat that had plenty to look at. Eat here! You will not be disappointed!This place was right around the corner from the hotel I was staying. We wondered in for dinner. The place is nicely decorated with chandeliers and leather chairs at the bar. Our server was excellent. The menu was diverse enough to please our group including my picky mother. Would definitely be back.Fantastic dining experience! We stayed at the Renaissance next door, which is connected to the restaurant, and were lucky to enjoy breakfast at the Tackle Box near daily.  Our meals were always good!  I love a consistent dining experience and the Tackle Box delivered! The grits are the best that I had in New Orleans, and their biscuits are also wonderfully delicious.  The coffee was lukewarm on most days, but that's really my only complaint.  Our server was always warm, sweet and accommodating. I'm not sure if the Tackle Box is related to the hotel, but it can certainly stand on its own!  My only regret is not making it over there for happy hour as I have heard only great things about it.  Consider this place a "best kept secret" :) Not your usual hotel restaurant.  We were all very pleasantly surprised!I think this place has good potential, but it needs a bit of work. 
We started off with 12 raw oysters as an appetizer. This was good, but the waiter dropped them off without telling us anything about this. No indication of what they were - Usually in places like this they at least tell you the name of the oysters, if not usually a description as well. Which is fine, if you didn't want to know about them and just wanted to eat. The other gripe I had was the while the oyster meat itself was clean, the outside of the oysters were super sandy. Usually you would bring your mouth to the shell and slurp, but because these were so sandy, there was no way I was going to do that. I just speared the meat and ate from the oyster fork. The oysters were pretty fresh, so that was good. 
I ordered the fried pecan catfish and the guy let me sub the side for a side of asparagus. This was great. The fish was pretty amazing, but probably not enough sauce. I hate to say this but I probably had way too much fish - They gave me 4 four fillets! There was no way I could finish them - 2 pieces would have been enough. I didn't get enough veggies though - Maybe they should have just given me a mixed veggie plate. I would have been cool with that.
My hubby got the shrimp and grits - But they accidentally gave him shrimp and rice. He sent it back and got the right thing. It was good. 
Their tap selection wasn't the best, but it was serviceable. Solid dinner.Had some great oyster at the bar this afternoon. Fresh and big.  Terry, the barkeep was friendly, engaging and informative.  Prices were v reasonable!Had trouble finding as it is not on google maps as this name. It is under their parent company but I'm glad we tracked it down. We were sat right away and when asked to be moved they were more than happy. I had a Bloody Mary that was good. Also had the smothered fries. Now THAT was a dish to write home about! Crispy Shoestring fries with bacon, cheese and a delicious white gravy that was SO GOOD!! Hubby had a fries seafood combo that had catfish, shrimp, oysters, gator bites, crawfish hush puppies and fries. I stole all the oysters and they were plump and delish!!! The catfish was perfection! Fried crispy and SO flavorful. Wish I had more now! The rest was super good too and will definitely visit here again! Gave 4 stars as the prices were just okay and they don't have tarter sauce.Ok, went here wanting Southern Fried Chicken and that's what I ordered. It came out looking good but after I tasted it I found it was pieces of smoked chicken that had been fried. It was pretty awful and anything but southern. The crust was pretty bland as well. My wife got the thin fried catfish and I actually liked it but there wasn't much in the way of catfish. The oysters were a positive note. In a town where outstanding fried chicken is the norm, the Tackle Box wasn't up to the challenge.Completely meh.  Service was good - we were there on Christmas evening so place was bustling.  Our waiter was great.  Other than that, wouldn't go back.  This oyster bar was completely out of oysters.  And the food we did get was average at best - fish was dry, one dish came out not at all as described on the menu, brussels sprouts were completely drowned in sauce.  For the price, I'd look elsewhere.First time in NOLA and I wanted to eat some southern food and this place is it! Fried shrimp yum! Beignets oh so delicious! To top it off there is Happy hour and the beer is $3! All around amazing environment and the service is what you want. Definitely recommend this place if you don't want to eat overly priced French Quarter food and drinks.Found this place for brunch and it was just around the corner from my hotel. Did not disappoint. Small but diverse menu with very friendly staff. Good local beer selection (will have to stop back for happy hour)Was staying in the area and wanted a close place to have a late lunch and Tackle Box was the place selected. We were a party of 4 and they had everything we wanted after a late night of drinking. They offer brunch until 4, while still having the entire menu available, which was a great place for us since some wanted breakfast food and others did not. Service and food was much better than expected!Everything was was amazing. The Voo Doo oysters... Wowzers!!! Great atmosphere and our server was on spot. Had the broiled oysters, shrimp and grits, and the chicken and waffles. Fantastic!I stopped in recently and sat at the bar. The place is posh and spacious. Service was just ok. The bartender serving us was a bit scatter brained and inattentive. Granted they were busy but nothing a good bartender can't handle. 
I had the char-broiled oysters and the thin fried catfish pecan. The oysters were great! 8 come in a serving. I would order again! The catfish was just ok! It's basically 4 catfish fillets with sauce over plain white rice. Like other reviewers, I suggest Tacklebox adds more sauce and a diff side.  The portions were huge and shared between two people. 
Cash and cards are accepted.A dozen raw oysers and a gris gris later...we are happy campers.  The bartender serves a heavy pour in their bourbon smash. Its delicious and its just $5! For a family of 4, we ordered the raw oysters, gris gris, gumbo and chowder.  Every single dish was so full of flavor and so filling. The service was excellent!Spent the weekend at Renaissance hotel and went to tacklebox bar multiple times everyday souly for the amazing hospitality from Gabby at the bar!!! Such great  advice and recommendations on food and things to do in the city. And hands down best charbroilled oysters and drinks in the city! Will stay here every visit for her warm welcoming service!The food was good especially the crafted oysters that come in a quantity of 8.  However, they will not split them for a different topping, ie 4/4.  The appetizer arrived at the same time as the meal.  We didn't get offered drink refills either.  We sat near the TVs to watch the football game but staff changed to channel to NBC news and QVC!  Overall the food was good but the service not as good as other places with same food quality.  I would return for the crawfish spoon cornbread!!We were in search of a restaurant that could accommodate 4 of us on a Friday night and Tacklebox (located across the street from our hotel) was available. 
Appetizer: Crawfish Beignet bites (you can't go wrong with fried dough and a crawfish sauce, delicious)
Entrees: we chose the redfish with asparagus and mushrooms, the seafood platter and the chicken sandwich. (Not very memorable but it was fine for a dinner to catch up with friends. The food was tasty but not great.)
Dessert: Apple cobbler to share, served warm with ice cream. (Good but the portion is big so you will definitely want to share) 
Our server was very helpful in navigating the menu and drink options. He also was very attentive but not overbearing.This restaurant is very disappointing and not organized. We waited so long and the waitress seemed like she does not know what she was doing. Then I ordered the seafood platter it was so dried and tasted bad. I Talked to the waiter and he called the manager Miguel Rodriguez who offer me another meal and take away the seafood platter. Then when I got my bill he charged me for part of the seafood platter. When I disputed the bill he said due to me tasting the food I have to pay $28 instead of the $32 and that final. Myself and my friends cannot believe it. We talk to and told him that not what he told us he said he don't care. So I told him order me the full seafood platter he did I paid and I gave the food away to someone else to eat. The manager was very rude and unprofessional. This happened on Fat Tuesday March 5th 2019Arielle seated us and was our server. She made excellent recommendations. We had a wonderfully satisfying experience.Came in during the tropical storm . Wait staff were cheerful and knowledgeable in food and drinks . I had the burger and a Pale Ale .  Spouse had an Elvis burger .  He Didn't know what to drink , so our server asked several questions regarding his taste .  Server [ wish I can remember his name!) came up with the Red Snapper .  I never heard of it , but boy oh boy it sure was tasty , as well as the burgers !We had a group of 8 there. The service was friendly and quick. We got the seafood tower, and while the raw oysters weren't great (a tad dry and chewy), the char-broiled oysters, the salmon and crawfish were. I got the crab bisque, which was fantastic. One person in our party had their entree come out cold, but they rectified the situation quickly.Absolutely great charbroiled oysters and garlic bread. Server was good. Enjoyable!Decided to stop in here on the way back to our hotel to pick up food togo. It was around 7:40pm and the restaurant had two people dining in it. We thought it'd be quick to order food but that wasn't the case. We went straight to the bar, placed the order... and waited for 35+ mins. We only ordered a poboy sandwich, fries and a cup of soup. During this time we were watching the workers in the back kitchen as they were just talking and joking around. The people behind the bar were busy making other employees that got off work a drink and continued chatting.. The only thing the worker behind the bar said throughout the wait was "we're waiting on your soup"... no offering of water or anything. 
Disappointing service and the food was cold.Good happy hour and nice waitress.   We had oyster and wings.   The wings were awesome.  They are "dry" wings that came out hot and crispy.  The $5 cocktails at happy hour were great tooWe visited The Tackle Box for a pre-graduation brunch. The service was abysmal. Our waiter was borderline rude and was no where to be found during the meal. My daughter ordered Earl Grey tea which was never delivered. I had the Crawfish Eggs Beignet a NOLA twist to Eggs Benedict. The meal stayed under the heat lamp so long the the eggs were basically hardboiled. I would have sent them back but the waiter was in hiding. When he presented us with our bill I told him about the eggs and he offered no apology simply that I should have "flagged him down".
NOLA is full of great brunch places but this is NOT one of them! Spend your money elsewhere.Shucked raw oysters sitting out at room temperature way too long, drugs being passed to the oyster shucker over the bar, ten minutes and still didn't get our drink (we were the only people at the bar), and loud unprofessional banter about employee personal lives. We walked out and I really don't think anyone cared or noticed.Excellent charbroiled oysters!   The best we've had.  Fresh and delicious!   Amazingly great menu.  Fabulous drinks.  Everything tastes good.  Unspoiled.  Not crowded.  Enjoy before everyone finds out how great this restaurant is!If the bar would have been better staffed I would have given 5 stars. The only reason I'm giving this more than 3 is because of Derrick the oyster shucker. Derrick was very friendly and skillful at his job. He did his best to keep us entertained while we waited for someone to serve us drinks at the bar. We stayed at the hotel there so stopped by the bar on 3 different occasions. One of the times after waiting at least 10 minutes we decided to go somewhere else. I wish I could post two separate reviews. 2 for the restaurant and bar because of lack of staffing and 5 for Derrick the shucker and quality of oysters. I plan to stop by to say Derrick next time I am in town but most likely will not stay to eat and drink.Bit of a strange experience. This place is also a coffeehouse, so there's a strong coffee smell even in the evening when you're enjoying wine and dinner. It was odd. I ordered the charbroiled oysters which were pretty good (the bread that comes with them needs work, though), and the crawfish kale ceasar salad which was acceptable. Cornbread croutons were sad and there were only 3 of them. It was edible, but nothing special. Service was not great - I sat at the very full bar and only one person was working so she was stretched pretty thin taking care of over 20 people. Took the beignets to go - again they're okay, but not the best I've had. I wanted to like it, but I wouldn't go back.I've never been to New Orleans before tonight, so of course I was looking for something very Cajun. I stopped at the Tackle Box. It wasn't very busy and I was seated right away, however it then took like 15 minutes before I ordered a drink. I got the Southern Yellow Hammer which was delicious! I'm a big fan of amaretto so it really hit the spot. I also ordered their signature Fried Tackle Box Platter-
thin catfish, oysters, shrimp, alligator poppers, crawfish hushpuppies, fries. It's $32 but could easily be a meal split between two (maybe even three) people.Had to come back and change my review. The food was amazing, but too many times I sat at the bar , and the cubby white chick is super rude. She is tooooo much. She acts overwhelmed. She doesn't greet, she doesn't even acknowledge ,I had it, I'll probably order take out , big maybe maybeee.. big maybeThe best wings I've ever had! I would travel back to NOLA just for these wings! There was only one bartender who absolutely sucked lol but the rest made amazing drinks !! During my 4 days visit, I believe we visited this place at least 6-8times just for the wings and drinks. Unfortunately, I didn't check in each time but I'm telling you them 8 wings will be the best wings you've every tasted ( make the white & reg bbq sauce is on the size. I didn't use them).Morning service was very good.  Bar service lacking. Dirty plates sat for ages and service was just okay.  Food was all over the place from good to excellent.  Second visit wasn't as consistent.  3.5 stars.Tried a couple places for Po-boys and this was honestly the best one.  The $1 beers were great and locals definitely come here.  Gabbi was terrificSo glad we made a reservation for this spot during happy hours from 3-6 pm. We ordered 6 raw oysters and omg were those oysters fresh and scrumptious. Of course we had to try the famous charbroiled oysters we got 8 of those bad boy oysters and they were outta this world. We also had their fried tackle seafood combination platter which consists of a little bit of everything. The dish has fried catfish, crawfish hush puppies, gator poppers, shrimp, fried oysters and fries. You definitely need to share it among 2 or more people. Draft beer during happy hour was 3 bucks.
Anyhow I would definitely come back just for those oysters because it was that great ...  what a great first meal at New Orleans.We came for the charred oysters. So wonderful but the new surprise were the dusted bourbon wings. Hot and Cooked to crispy perfection . Service has been wonderful. We have stopped in for happy hour every afternoon of our trip.Tackle Box is my new go-to restaurant in NOLA. The service is stellar, the food doesn't disappoint and they have the best Bloody Mary in town! It's in the heart of the French Quarter, a couple of minutes from Bourbon Street.  Please be sure to try their oysters, as they have an oyster bar in addition. Derrick will be sure to take great care of you.Service was great and the bartender was very personable. She recommended great food choices and was thorough in the knowledge of beers. I would comeback and recommend to friends as a great place to eat. Thank you Tackle BoxOur waitress Kenya was outstanding. The wings were excellent and the $1 lunch Irish Channel beer was about as good as Guinness. Well almost. Well worth the stop. Happy hour 3-6 $3 drafts. Location is just a few blocks off Bourbon street. Very clean.The seafood gumbo is very delicious. It is much better than the famous Gumbo Shop in French Quarter. The oysters are fresh!Looks great from the outside, but the servers seemed to be hungover from the night before and the food wasn't great either.
Sat for at least ten minutes before a waiter approached our table whispering "Were you recently seated?" Not really, but let's roll with it.
Ordered two screwdrivers with "freshly squeezed" orange juice that we were promptly told was actually bottled. The OJ wasn't bad, but my drink was mixed improperly and had too much vodka in it (not the worst thing in the world, but I ended up taking four sips).
We ordered some of whatever Tackle Box's take on fried oysters is, and we enjoyed it. This was the highlight of our dining experience. Having to stop our waiter from removing the plate while there was still an oyster left detracted somewhat.
I ordered the breakfast burger medium rare with a fried egg over easy. It came out well done. The fried egg was actually two eggs. I'm not sure if this is a southern thing but one egg is usually too much to handle, trying to fit two eggs on a burger is ludicrous. The bun was also puny in diameter and the bottom half was--you guessed it--soggy after sitting out for too long. The tomatoes were supposedly grilled but they didn't seem to have any char on them at all. Easily the worst burger I have had this year.
I don't really have any more examples of the service being bad because our waiter kept whispering and I had to just assume that he was saying whatever I thought he was saying and react accordingly. Honestly, watching drunk people step in the big puddle outside was more fulfilling than eating lunch here.This review is for their happy hour, which we went to twice. The charbroiled oysters are a must ($1.50 each) and the oysters are also good ($1.00 each). Consistent quality. Excellent service and really friendly folks.The Tacklebox dinner is incredibly delicious. It'd definitely enough food for 2, maybe 3. Perfect catfish and the shrimp and gator were divine.we ordered oysters and when we finally got them they were not cold and they were not salty at all. choose a different place for oysters!Very cute look and set up. Super sweet bartenders. She said I can make anything as long as I got it. Yep. I had a rum Arnold Palmer. We got charobroiled oysters. Yes! And the crawfish soup. YES!  Super chill spot worth the cash for a quick bite.Raw fried chicken and had to look for the fish in the fried catfish. Service was slow and had to ask for cutlery. Nothing was good on this visit.Good fried chicken
Great cornbread
Bar is loud, need sound dampening material, not. Big deal.
Great cabbage.
I'll come backI live in the apartment building next door and had been wondering about this place. The reviews are mixed between bad and good. Went in to try the beignets and the answer is this place is terrible. First, we ordered beignets and a piece of pie. It took 34 minutes to get this simple order. The beignets were inedible. They were rubbery and cold, like they'd been microwaved 25 minutes prior which is probably what happened. We sent them back and waited another 10 minutes for our check. The cook came out and apologized and told us they were definitely fried and not microwaved... but... flavor and texture doesn't lie. I hope they get it together. They were friendly but soooooo slow and the food was so very bad.Well the place looks to be a 5 star restaurant. Unfortunately the waitress was not doing so well. She came and took our order right away but the food didn't show up for an hour later and its not like the place was crowded. When we arrived about ten mins before happy hour was over, asked for a cocktail on the happy hour menu and then was told they sold out. How is that even possible. But when we switch to regular drinks all of a sudden the happy hour specials were available. I asked about the kale caesar salad and was told it doesn't even have kale..Really?? So I ordered it any way but it never arrived but some how still showed on my bill. Lastly when the bill was paid The waitress decided to include her tip on her own. Not cool. Had to get the manager to fix. overall its a nice restaurant just need for staff to put in extra effortFood is fine, service was awful.
Writing this review from the bar while I want for the bartender to come back so I can correct my ticket.
Ate lunch at the bar so we could watch the Saints. Ordered and received a beer, had to ask multiple times to get a glass of water, and ordered a coffee that never arrived. Then was charged for an extra beer I never had. Food was fine once we finally got service, but it took forever and the bar is maybe 15% full.Decided to travel to New Orleans from New York for the holidays. Ordered oysters and a fried combination "tackle" seafood platter from Tacklebox inside the Hyatt Regency hotel in New Orleans. I came here during happy hour and those oysters came something around 75 cents each, a bargain in terms of value. Not only is it good bang for your buck, both the raw and charbroiled oysters were incredibly tasty. So fresh and filled with flavor. The hush puppies and alligator bites were both solid in the combination platter as well. Really enjoyable dining experience here.First of all, the food was really good especially REDFISH ST. CHARLES, PAN ROASTED SALMON and the Breakfast Burger. We had breakfast here one morning and late lunch another evening during our stay at the hotel. On both occasions they weren't busy but the service was horrible.Where do I start? OMG the best Oysters I have ever had.  Fat girl moment here!!!! We tried wings, fried oysters and raw oysters, i am telling you all of it was goiden good!  
We will be back tomorrow! 3/9/19 Arielle took very good care of us!Fries are 5/5
Everything else is a 0/5
Staff is nice but it can get insanely crowded
I'd recommend spending your money where else
- last time I came here: Ordered the rib-eye medium rare & I received a burnt crispy steak. Asked for it to be fixed & it turned into a huge eventOmg!  Our meals were absolutely amazing!  My hubby had a fried chicken and with and he said it was the best fried chicken he has ever had.  I had crawfish and eggs beignets and was in heaven.  The restaurant was nicely designed and our waiter was friendly and seemed excited about our meals choices.  The only improvement I would recommend is that our cloth napkins were stained and our servers shirt was dirty.  It's nice to have start haha white napkins and to see the waiters clothing clean as well.  Overall, we are still discussing the quality of our meal.  We hope to make it back before leaving NOLANice place, but wasn't really impressed by the food. Had family visiting and wanted to try somewhere new while looking at the Christmas lights in the Roosevelt. Decent enough for a quick bite, but personally wouldn't go back.Wonderful bar. Clean. Nice atmosphere. Kenya is a fun bartender. So sweet and fun...!Everything is amazing. Ask to see if they have crawfish Queso it is fantastic! Charbroiled oyesters are mouth watering too. Definitely recommend to everyone!Went here for lunch with exBae and was really less than impressed. He got the shrimp poboy and didn't enjoy it. I got an order of beignets. Standard and light tasting. Can't complain about them. Service was meh. The waiter asked us if we could close out early (still eating) since he had to leave. WhUt?!Kenya was our waitress for Breakfast which was absolutely delicious she made us feel like we were at home with old friends. can't wait to come back.My server Gabby was amazing and the charbroiled oysters were delicious. I will be back before I leave townThis place was amazing.  The chargrilled oysters & the waffle & fried chicken was to die for.  Service was phenomenal.  We sat at the bar 10 minutes before they were set to close & were treated like we arrived there at opening time.  Usually when you get to a restaurant when they are closing the staff gives you attitude.  Not these guys, they were more than happy to serve us & all others who came in after us.  Will definitely return next time we're in town.We were seated and waited for someone to come to our table.  Several servers walked by and not one of them said they would be right with us.   I went to the  person who seated us and ask what we had to do to get water or at least some service.   He went to the back and the same two servers walked past our table did not wait on us.   We left and went some where else.    The place wasn't busy and I can clearly see why.  When we were leaving we explained after waiting ten minutes for service we were leaving the host shrugged his shoulders.    Can clearly see why the place was empty.  One star is only because it "looked" like a nice placeDon't waste your time. If you do get your food in under an hour, it's definitely not worth the wait or price. The charbroiled oysters were ok, but my shrimp and grits had three, that's 3 little shrimp on the dish. I've had better shrimp and grits in the southwest, hundreds of miles from water. I'd say the dish was worth five bucks, nowhere near the 23 I paid. We sat at the bar being ignored for our 20 minute wait before we moved to being ignored at a table for another 20. If you do the math, each shrimp cost me 7.50, which is probably the most expensive shrimp in town. Do yourself a favor and cross the street to go to subway.An unpleasant visit during Mardi Gras weekend. Mediocre food. Terrible service. 
Our server was cold and unfriendly, and never once smiled or asked us how our meal was. I understand that being a waiter/waitress isn't an easy job, but it would have been nice to feel welcomed at the restaurant. It also took them 30 minutes to get our check, which was very frustrating.Tackle Box was located across the street from the hotel I was staying at. My friends and I had brunch there on our last day in NOLA. The decor is modern and there is a lot of natural sunlight. We shared beignets and fried oysters. Both were solid choices. Our server was attentive and friendly.After a long day of touring, we didn't feel like heading out to the French Quarter again, so we opted for a bite in the hotel. 
I hadn't had my obligatory oysters yet, and I had a great batch at the Tackle Box! So in that vein, I also had to try the Oyster po' Boy which was perfect for a weary traveler! The oysters were crispy and delicious, and the fries were perfect. 
I would definitely go back!My father and I ate here on our first night in New Orleans after a 10hr drive in the rain from Austin. It was just what we needed.
We started off with a corn and crab bisque and some local beers. We then ordered the fried seafood platter, which came with fried thin cut catfish, shrimp, oysters, alligator poppers, Crawfish hush puppies and fries, and washed it down with more great local beers. 
On the last night in town, I went back for some fresh seafood. I sat at the oyster bar and had a combo of fresh shucked oysters, shrimp cocktail, roasted oysters, some sort of salads, and of course, more New Orleans beers. PJ was in charge of the shucking that night and provided great service while sharing information about the local area.
I will definitely be going back to tackle box when in the area again.Only a three because we only had the char boiled oysters and bread. They were good but I can't give out more because o didn't have an entree. I would try it again. Nice staff.