Tasty Food Truck is a pretty good food truck turned restaurant.  Our food was hot, tasty and ready in a timely manner.  Great service.  While they were only 3-6 other tables we found ourselves being attended to by 3 different people to make sure we were ok and we never once felt neglected.  
The only issue i had was that the prices were a little high, which seems to be a trend of restaurants that start as food trucks.
They're fairly new, so i'm sure they'll improve on the few areas they currently lack.
A welcome addition to the ponchartrain/gentilly area!Gave this place a try, Food is very overpriced, the portions are small and food isn't as good as they make it seem. Heard Dat Kitchen sells pretty much the same things that's a bit cheaper with wayyyyy bigger portions and taste amazing!As far as food trucks go this isn't the most appealing food truck you'll find. The location I found it at wasn't the best lit section of the city. The food however was right on the money. I found out about this place from a co-worker. They have an assortment of wings, fries, and sandwiches. Their food is seasoned really well. They are a little heavy handed with the sauce so if you aren't a wet wing fan ask for it on the side. The shrimp burger was pretty good. The customer service was quick and efficient. As far as food trucks food goes this place can compete with the best of them. If you're in need of a quick bite I'd say give them a go.This place is legit! Had the burger and fries and so far its the best burger Ive had here in New Orleans. I would highly recommend it.Just tried them for the first time less than 30 min. ago and I must say that the food was very tasty, The restaurant was very clean and the employees were very helpful and friendly. I had one of the burger combos and this was no Flanders frozen patty. Can't wait to pay them another visit in the very near future.Prices are too high and wings are too big! Crawfish fries has more sauce then crawfish! Also, there were flies everywhere!All around good time! I went for Super Bowl Sunday with some acquaintances and we had a blast. They had .75 Center wings, $10 seafood nachos, $3 margaritas, and $7 beers. The food and the drinks were delicious. Also, they gave out DREE shots during halftime, I was super excited
There was a DJ that played hip hop music during the commercials of the game. 
The table service was terrible, the waitress took 10 minutes to bring me a fork so I could eat my cheese fries. When she handed me the fork she had an attitude.  Maybe because the place was kind of crowded that night. 
I really enjoyed the music, food and drinks.When I arrived at the place someone standing outside asked me for a dollar to purchase a beer . They were several people hanging and drinking sitting . When I entered the actually restaurant it took 10 minutes for someone to approach me after I heard loud laughing and people talking. The waitress approached me smelling like majuarana seemingly high . Someone walked in from off the street and asked for some napkins which the waitress gave him and he blew snot all over himself and the waitress laughed . Before I left I used the bathroom which reeked with a urine scent . I felt very unsafe. . I got back in my car and pulled off . I will never return . The pictures look good but the environment isn't safe !Good food and good prices. Catfish was fried and seasoned to perfection.  $10.00 a plate made it even better.  Went back today and tried breakfast, a simple egg sandwich for $3.00.  Not as simple as I thought option to add shredded Steak,shrimp for a few dollars more.  It was awesome.  Only downfall is their coffee and lack of cream.  They only serve powdered cream.  This place has fabulous food in the heart of New Orleans on the local side.   Lots of parking and right off I-10.I think I've been here ages ago but it had another name. The food is much better now. The restaurant is inside a gas station/truck stop. I ordered the grilled shrimp with voodoo fries. The fried wasn't bad, it just didn't taste as good as it looked and sounded when the lady described it.My mom brought me a fried chicken sandwich to work from the fried chicken festival. It was so good I went back on my lunch break the following day. The chicken sandwich is topped with greens and a hot aioli sauce. AMAZING !!!!The BEST lemon pepper wings and the BEST meatloaf I've ever had (no, I'm not exaggerating). My wife and I met the owner of @tastytreatfoodtruck at the first taste event for @blackrestaurantweek, and my wife and I could not get over how good her fried lemon  pepper wings were, and we couldn't get over how cool, charismatic, hilarious, spicy, and "so so New Orleans" the owner was. Once we got a taste of the wings, we had to try her other food, and this Momma's Meatloaf, mashed potatoes, and corn was (the special on Wednesdays) did not disappoint. So juicy and good...I really just want to order the whole pan of it. While we ate, we also saw her prepping the boil for seafood  night, which We will be SURE to go back for.
:
:
Like many chefs in New Orleans, her story is equally amazing. She started selling plates out of her house, then upped her hustle into an incredibly popular food truck, and now she's serving some of the best food in the city from her new restaurant right on Claiborne.
:
She is also making big waves  in the city beyond just her food; she recently presented plans to the @cityofnola to host the "Get Ya Mind Right" festival in celebration of Minority Mental Health month. :
:
I'm telling you, put this place on your list. :
:Tasty Treat Food Truck now has its own shop on N. Claiborne Avenue. When I arrived, I was greeted by the cashier and picked up the menu in store. I decided to try the crawfish fries (which were amazing!) and the shrimp burger (vs "shrimp on bun"). The shrimp burger patty was cooked medium well and still incredibly flavored, and the shrimp were seasoned and grilled. Incredible combination of flavors! A must try.Tried it for the first time in New Orleans, i got it through uber eats delivery and the driver forgot our drinks but went back and got them. The chicken wings were still red in the inside even though some people like that, i did not prefer it. I got Cajun wings which I expected them to be more seasoned but tastes like regular fried chicken which was disappointing. I got lemon pepper fries which were good. However my food was still warm but my pink lemonade was veryy sugaryI called to ask about UberEats, First the lady answered the phone as if she didn't want to be there and like she hated her job. The tone in her voice was unoleasnt. I got hung up on twice, and when I called the third time she picks up the phone and hang up. This was so unprofessional and she has poor customer service. NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN.I'm a trucker who comes to New Orleans twice a week.  This place feels like home... Their always smiling and the food is on point...... The owner and her staff make everything worth it....I wanted to try them because of their IG posts. Their posted pictures of their food looked nothing like the food I received. I placed my order online and waited awhile before I went to pick it up to ensure my order would be completed when I got there. I got there and they hadn't even known about my online and even asked to see my PayPal receipt to see what I ordered. So I had to wait for them to cook it. Mind you no one was there in the restaurant so idk why my order wasn't fulfilled. Got my food after about 15 minutes and it was NOT tasty. It was drizzled with so much cheese I gagged. I had chicken and shrimp pasta and had more chicken and shrimp than actual pasta. It was salty, sloppy and put together. The best thing on the plate was the bread. That was my first and last time trying them. And they're very high! Not worth the priceThey make the food look amazing online but in person it doesn't look like it. They posted a picture of the new fish sandwich they had, and i wanted to try it. So I tried to call and place the order, the guy told me I had to order online, then tells me that the sandwich isnt online and i have to come wait. Whatever. So I get to the restaraunt and try to order the sandwich, and this fish sandwich is $17.99!!! Just by itself no sides or anything. And the sanwich was very messy and salty. Very overpriced and overseasoned.$5 Tuesday what a steal! There brick and mortar is clean and the staff is sooooo friendly. Came for lunch and I think I won't be able to return to work. Order shrimp pasta, crawfish fries and chicken burger to share more than enough food!Really really good food. 
I enjoyed the shrimp pasta. Cooked to my liking and he brought it out quickly. I can truly appreciate a hidden gem like this. Amazed at the burgers and wings as well.I had heard good things about this place and love to support restaurants in the 7th Ward from the river to the lake. We ordered lemon pepper wings, the Big Booty Judy burger, and Kool Kelly Kombo, none of which impressed us.
The wings were breaded and fried, they tasted like salt not lemon and pepper. The burgers were weird. The Big Booty Judy was on the dry side and the shrimp were overcooked. The Kool Kelly was raw, not rare, and not in the delicious steakhouse burger way. The hot wings were okay, tasted just like the sample frozen wing I got at Costco the other day. Fries were pretty tasty, but freshly fried shoestring fries are tough to screw up.
I love the concept and chef's story, but the food is all that really matters and it doesn't live up to the hype.Highly disappointed. Food looks great on Instagram but in person not very pleasing. The burgers looked old, the wings are a lil bit on the big side. They do not offer refunds. I won't be back.This food truck came to my job/school and so me and my friend rose decided to give them a try. By the time we got to order, they ran out of wings which is what we both wanted. So instead she got the burger and I got the cauliflower wings (close enough to regular wings). It took 30 minutes for both of us to get our food. Her burger and fries were cold so I had no hope for mine. Luckily for me mine were fresh out and seasoned very well. The cauliflower wings weren't that good. They just were slathered in hot sauce and I was hoping they would have a little more seasoning to them . Probably won't try this place again honestlyGood Food! Check them out! They also feature a vegan burger. Service was timely. Facility is new.Food was well seasoned, fresh to order, and the place close at 11pm. I would go back and try something a little different.Very disappointed with the food. I received a pasta and it was very watery the food tasted like sewage water. They wouldn't honor a refund they wanted to substitute my order with something else on the menu but they were out of everything! I will never return or recommend this place to my worst enemy!!!  Worst place ever if you don't like good food then come to this establishment. I ordered a catfish and shrimp they took 30 mins to bring my food out just wasn't a good first experience. There were a lot of flies in the restaurant also. If zero stars were available that's would've been my choice!!This was the worst service I have ever experienced. I attended the Lights Festival in Kiln, Mississippi and was excited to try their food truck out. However, I waited in a line for 1 hour and 45 minutes only to never have the name for my order called. While people who showed up a HOUR after me were getting orders given to them repeatedly. They eventually made an announcement saying that there would be no refunds and began to have an attitude with customers who tried to get their money back or simply get their food in a timely manner. The girl taking orders even said "We don't care" to us when customers were complaining. They also lied to someone about the waiting time, telling them the wait would be 10 minutes when they knew people had been waiting for hours already. As of now they should never serve food at events ever again. I got screwed out of $20, and some people lost even more than that.The cashier Shikky gave great customer service and the food was awesome. My favorite is the Kool Kelly. You can't go wrong with it .DO NOT EAT HERE! I completely regret having this business cater a small event for me. I spent $150 on food for my birthday party and half of it was made improperly. The lasagna and macaroni and cheese was nothing like they advertise on their website. My guest were immediately disappointed and didn't even eat it, so it went to waste. After 3 days of trying to get in contact w/ the owner for a refund (spent $80 on those two dishes alone) I was told that I'm past my 24hr return window (mind you I've been calling every day since the event and had to wait for the owner to be in). I was also told that my items were made improperly due to COVID 19 and a shortage in food supplies, which is not my fault but somehow I'm being held responsible for that. The owner only offered me one free meal w/ a drink to compensate for the $80 I lost in food. This business is very unprofessional. This was my first night in New Orleans visiting, and it was definitely ruined w/ this terrible food. Out of our entire weekend here visiting, everyone has agreed that the food that was catered that night was by far the most disgusting part of the trip!It was my first time eating here! I couldn't wait to enjoy my burger! It was over seasoned! Want be going back! A waste of my money!The food at Tasty Treats was good but the only thing a had a problem with was I ordered the Monnie wings 10pc and the Too Legit and the cashier rung me up and I decided I did not want the wings so I told the cashier and she walked to the back and she came back to tell me that I can't get a refund I would have to get a store credit so I thought about it and I just got the wings that were $14 and too legit was $20. All that to say I have never been to a restaurant that has a store credit policy meaning no refunds and you get no refills on drinks you should always get refunds at any restaurants and refills so make sure if you visit Tasty Treats pls make sure you order what you really want because there is no refundsVery Disappointed, my food was so SALTY I couldn't even eat it, paid $38.00 for a plate of Salt. I do not recommend this place for those that suffer from High Blood Pressure pblm a like myself. Spoke with the lady at the window and she stated, there's nothing I can do. There were no signs that didn't state no returns, exchanges, or refunds. Brought the plate home to my daughter and she stated the food was too salty. Had to trash the entire plate.My sister and I went to this place today. I've been following their IG page for a while and the food has always looked delicious. We ordered the Riverwalk fries for an appetizer. I had the Pontchartrain wings and she had the Chicken & Waffles. All three dishes were very filling, savory, and well seasoned. My sister thought the syrup was too watery and not as sweet as she's liked it to be. However, she enjoyed her food. We also had the Crawfish Juice, which is their homemade fruit punch. Warning: if you aren't into highly sweet drinks.. don't get the juice lol! Overall, Tasty Treat was definitely a treat for us and we left satisfied. Our waitress/servers were such sweethearts as well. The layout of the restaurant was huge and dimly lit. There was smooth jazz playing, which set the mood for a perfect date outing.Official great food tried the kool Kelly combo and it was awesome will be visiting tasty treats againThis is my 2nd time visiting this place. 1st time was Taco Tuesday, the tacos were awful. I haven't been back in about a year. Different location now and unbelievable prices! The food may be good I haven't tried it yet but I will NEVER go back to this place. I ordered chicken pasta with a side of fish. ONE PIECE OF FISH IS $7.24!! I can purchase a case of catfish fillets for double the price they are charging for 1 piece of fish. I love my black owned businesses but why is it that other prices are so exaggerated?Three stars because the cashier with the green hair was really nice and accommodating.  She recommended different meals and when she saw I wanted to get my daughter back in the car because it was about to start raining, she offered to bring our food to the car for us.  Her customer service was impeccable.  They were out of waffles so she came out in the rain and offered alternatives although staff had run out to get waffle mix.  Once our food was done, she brought it right out in the pouring rain without an umbrella.  Now, the food was just ok.  We ordered the steak and baked potato and chicken and waffles.  The steak was pretty basic and kind of tough for $20+ and the chicken was over fried.  Waffles were basic waffles that definitely tasted like boxed waffles.  I think tourists who aren't used to good food come here and it's the best food they've ever tasted but for locals, it's basic at best and very overpriced for the quality of food.This is an awesome food truck. The reason I checked them out was because they happened to be in front of my house. 
The food is awesome! One of my favorite treats are the crawfish queso fries. I also liked the Buffalo shrimp burger, and chicken wings of course. They do have healthier food options as well. I would recommend trying the salad or one of the chicken or seafood wraps.
The service is awesome and the employees are usually friendly. The food does take a little while but it is gourmet and NOT fast food. 
The prices here are pretty pretty reasonable. Most of the meals are under $20. So you won't break the bank at this place. 
In short good food, great service, and decent price.The food and service was amazing! Shikky greeted us with a warm welcome and made sure we were taken care of. Gary the cook checked in to see how the food was. We will definitely be back!Food was VERY salty & the shrimp was soggy.... thumbs down! Disappointing.....been wanting to try for years! And I finally got the chance, and it wasn't good at all. I was told by multiple people; that the OWNER had a very nasty attitude and never had a pleasant experience. Should've listened...I came here for there Friday fish special which I  always said I wanted to try because it look delicious. I was very disappointed in what I received they don't have plates to separate the food it was supposed to come with peas. I didn't get that. I asked to speak with the manager the guy at the register said she was doing the countdown of the register, but when she did come up she NEVER acknowledged the fact of what was going on. The guy worked the register helped me prior to her arriving, but she NEVER said anything. I'll show what they advertise versus what I received.Went in on a whim. Didn't stay to eat because I did a lot of errands and just wanted to order and go. Tried their seafood potato and it was amazing. I definitely want to go back and check out the dine in experience. Seems like a nice place for family and friends to enjoy. I also would like to stop in for their happy hour. It seems like a nice hidden gem and not to far from home.Yo!!! I am a burger  connoisseur and this was one of the best burgers I had in a very long time. It's a small spot pushing all the safety rules, all customers have to wear mask  and only a limited number can be in the restaurant at a time. I got a burger and wing combo with some loaded fries. I will have to add a pic another time. I usually eat the food before taking the pics.Without pasta life would be boring, and this pasta definitely brightened my day. I've been seeing Tasty Treat on my explore page for a while, so I finally tried it out. It's a nice spot for quality, delicious, and quick food. The pasta was creamy, but the Alfredo sauce needed a little more seasoning to set it off. I was happy with the portion size. The restaurant's interior was colorful and cute. I especially love the green wall because it's cute for photo ops.This place was recommended by a friend from MS. He loves it but unfortunately, my experiences weren't the same as his. The food on IG is never on their menu. Went here twice the customer service sucked, the menu was limited & no COVID protocols were being followed. It sucks Bc I love to support black owned businesses but this place changed my mind about that.Hats off to their social media manager and photographer because one look at this place's Instagram page will have your mouth watering and stomach grumbling. The place itself is in a gas station. I was thrown off completely. The place is pretty big, though, and looked fairly clean. The waitress didn't seem to know much about the menu. When asked to describe some of the dishes she shrugged and read what was already on the menu and added "with ranch" at the end. It was actually pretty funny after the second time. They didn't have any burgers which was the whole reason my coworkers and I went. I ended up ordering a shrimp wrap and an order of fries(because nothing comes with fries). The fries were undercooked and seasoned with Tony's. Nothing annoys me more than when restaurants season their food (especially fries) with Tony's and Tony's only. They gave me ketchup in a small plastic container and it tasted rancid. Not sure what that was all about. The wrap wasn't bad but it messy and so oily. I only ate half of it because I felt pretty gross after swallowing all that oil and by the time I finished that half, my other half was really soggy. 
The kicker: My wrap did not in fact have ANY ranch.Seen the place on instagram so I wanted to check it out and support it at the same time. I had the seafood baked potato which was good. But we all know potatoes can make you thirsty. I asked the cashier about refills, she replied we don't do refills. I would have to pay additional price for that. Coming from being a waitress myself years ago. Restaurants always have given customers free refills, so instead I ordered a coke something that would last a little longer. Oh also this place doesn't give any refunds either, again coming from being a waitress. If any customer wasn't satisfied with their order and wanted a refund, we gave it to them!!! Make sure you order what you want and a strong coke because there isn't any REFILLS OR REFUNDS!!!!Now I have been hearing a lot about this place and decided to check it out. I got the shrimp and grits and my girl got the chicken and waffles. Food was great but the grits was way to loose. Chicken was very flavorful and crispy i loved that. The only thing I would say is work on customer service. For a business like them needs excellent customer service. The guy at the counter was not friendly and not informative about the food we was inquiring about. I asked him what's in the crawfish juice he responded "it's just juice" like ok *waka flocka face* but the food is great customer service did not give u 5 starsLove the food. Everything taste so good! My husband and I always stop and get a plate before heading back to Florida.This place first walking up to it you just think that it's probably a corner hamburger shop. Once you order your food and taste the goodness that awaits your pallet you realize that it's more than just a regular corner hamburger joint. It was a group of six. our regular crew and this is most definitely a place that we would revisit. The inside is not that large, The ambience is not that great, and  the neighborhood is Questionable, but the food is awesome. The place is worth revisiting.I'd never eat here after working there again. Nobody washes their hands or cleans anything. everybody touches sh** without gloves. Nobody wears gloves while cooking or serving the food. It's disorganized. The prices don't match what's on the menu. There's no sign. They are sloppy and disorganized not to mention nasty as fu**. If I were you i'd save my money and go somewhere, anywhere but here! always running out of stuff. Chef even gives y'all spoiled food if it's not too spoiled.I had the poboy which I thought was a bit salty and my boyfriend had a shrimp burger which he also thought could've used a little less saltyWe went to the actual restaurant not the truck.  The wait to order was a little long and the organization was a little off between ordering, the kitchen and pick up.  After waiting about 15 minutes we got to order.  Wings, fries, fried fish and seafood potato's.  
The lady up front and the young teenage girl that worked there were going back and forth.  The little girl has a sassy attitude when my friend tried to confirm some things about our order and when we asked for ketchup. 
The food was just okay.  My friend said her seafood potato was the best part.  The wings were really salty and just alright.  The fish was decent, the fries were super oily.  
I didn't even take pics to upload.  I guess over all on some needing a quick meal or on some late night stuff I would say give it a try.  Maybe it was just a busy off day when we went.