Excellent. Menu is limited which I think helps order faster. The dosa was delish...although wish there was more potatoes. The portion was very little as per the size of the dosa. We ran out halfway through the dosa and were left wanting more. It was really good none the less. 
The uttapam was really good too...I liked the Chole toppings on them ...didn't care about the chicken filling.The Auction House Market setting means this place is way nice - and way expensive.
Its notable merit, however, is that it brings to downtown New Orleans the delicious lentil-based crepes and pancakes of South India. They come with ample and delicious fillings and are supremely garnished and presented with attention to detail. I've tried all the vegetarian fillings and they're all excellent.
Ideally, I'd like to see this-among other successful food hall stands-become a full restaurant some day. As it is, it's a nice downtown stop and a craving fulfilled for me.Have been disappointed with Indian food countless times in Nola until coming across Tava. Great selection of authentic Indian cuisine, with some local twists also. Friendly and welcoming staff, and awesome service make this the highlight of the Auction House Market!Great Indian Food in New Orleans! Very good flavor and interesting mix of options. It is located within a great food hall with a nice bar and other food options as well. Definitely worth trying!Very authentic Indian food. We had a dabeli sliders, dosa and kathi roll...eveything was really tasty.Really amazing food right next to the convention center ! The Gunpowder Dosa was amazing !!Very good dosa 
Was amazing to see the ability of a non Indian making dosa 
Jasmin was awesome, food was deliciousVery limited menu.  More kind of lunch place. Not for dinner. Good food. Nice environment.Diasspointed in the Katti Roll I had two weeks ago! The stuffing felt a little stale.Great tasting masala 
dosa available on Sunday!The dosa was crisp, the chutney on the spot, but the fillings were what made all the difference. Tried the potato and the chana options - they were high quality and delicious. Among the best dosas I've ever had. The ambience was great too.Couldn't believe it was right next to our hotel all that time and we came here only on our last day! What an amazing find!
This is one of the many food counters in a little marketplace and we came here because we were really craving Indian food. We ordered one of their daily specials: Spicy Dabeli and 2 Kathi rolls: Paneer and Chicken! The food took a little while to come out but as all good things make you wait, it was alright! Both of those items were delicious and took us back to eating street food in India! LOVED. IT. 
Definitely coming back on our next trip to NOLA!Great authentic, new Indian food!
Ambiance: Located in the Auction House, this Indian street food booth is simple with stainless steel stoves and clean, modern lines. There was a nice pamphlet with a description of the booth and there was a big menu as well as small menus with helpful descriptions of the dishes with symbols for vegan and vegetarian. 
Food: The food was aromatic and delicious! There are dishes for vegans, vegetarians, and even the meat lovers. We got the Uttapam, which was basically an order of 3 circular breads with various toppings on it. We ordered the Potato, Chole Chaat, and Sausage. First of all, all of them were delicious and I would reorder any of them again. However, I have a preference for meat so my favorite was the Sausage. The diced sausage was nicely marinated with corn pieces and a white and yellow sauce. My next favorite was the Chole Chaat, which had soft Garbanzo beans in an aromatic Indian curry sauce. The freshly cut tomatoes and onions kept the dish fresh and balanced the fried bits very well. The Potato, the least favorite, was still very good. It had the most Indian flavor and taste, since potato is usually just very bland on its own. However, the tumeric really makes it an Indian dish. 
Service: The cashier, also the owner, was very helpful and even spiced up the dishes for us. He was friendly and gave us his personal recommendations. The wait time was about 10 minutes and he personally delivered the dish to our table. 
Final thoughts: Overall, all of the mini dishes were very good. Although I have never personally been to India, I felt like the dishes had good flavor and felt the Indian authenticity. It is a great alternative and good new Indian food from the standard Chicken Masala. Highly recommended!Tava had a food tent at the Baton Rouge Holi Festival and I am so happy they did.  We got the dabeli sliders and chicken biryani to share.  Well that didn't happen, I tried the sliders before the chicken and wasn't giving them up!  Chicken biryani was fine and my date preferred that anyway (sucker!).When I landed in New Orleans I had a craving for Indian food and this place did not disappoint. Thanks for a unique dosa! the filling was refreshing and I'm a fan of your chutneys. Sambar was a little more watery than I'm used to but it was still goodPleasantly surprised with the Indian food at Tava at the Auction House Market! Didn't know what to expect at this fast food Indian restaurant so I ordered the 3 uttapams, each with a different filling. I got potato, cholle and paneer and each one was tasty. My favorite was potato as it's traditional and the coconut chutney was delicious. The Uttapam with cholle reminded me of bhel bc it had tamarind chutney and sev, it was good too and sweet. The paneer was tasty and a bit spicy, this was husbands favorite. My husband got Kati rolls with paneer and he enjoyed them with an ice cold beer! Good restaurant for a quick bite for lunch or dinner.This place is amazing! My Indian husband was craving Indian food during our vacation in New Orleans. We all had dosas and they taste just like they are supposed to. The whole space is beautiful and it is convenient that other restaurant options are available too. Would highly recommend Tava.Best dosa in united states, period. Their coconut chutney was really fresh, sambhar was best so far, although i would add little salt at home. I liked it so much that i paid extra $2 for sambhar without any regret.The food at the Auction House Market foodhall is delicious with lots of great vendors but Tava and Manish Patel should not be missed. 
The menu at Tava caters to all; with a variety of options for meat eaters, vegetarians and vegans alike. However if you're seeking a vegan gluten free meal packed with amazing flavor served by a super friendly owner cooking up his mom's own Sambhar recipe you've hit the jackpot. 
The dosa is crispy, spicy Chole Chaat is flavorful with just the right amount of heat (although you can order it mild), and the tamarind and coconut chutney are the right sweet and savory sauces to balance the entire meal. Having eaten this dish three days in a row I can tell you I leave each time thinking about the next time I'll be back. I highly recommend Tava.We had Tava at the auction house. The food was very good but the server was a little rude. He had an attitude like he had the best food in the world. Any question was met with a snotty response. I'll pass on this place. Too many other great choices in the auction house.Not once have I been disappointed when coming here. Manish Patel not only puts out some amazing dishes but he and his crew are always smiling and welcoming. Their vegetarian dishes are on point with smart and imaginative flavors that will having you coming back wanting more. I've been told by my meat eating friends that their other dishes are amazing. 
This is not only a place to keep on your radar as a vegetarian, but also as someone who wants good food being done in a way that values traditional flavors reimagined for today.YESSSS! These dosas were amazing!!! Fresh batter, sambhar was fantastic. It's in a cute little food market area, everything is cooked fresh in front of you. Will definitely be driving the hour+ each way to have these. You have to try them. My only recommendation would be to add pictures and a description to the menu items. Not many people are familiar with these dishes, so they are missing out!!! Delicious!!!My friend works in the Auction House, and she ordered me her favorite from Tabs one day. I had the lamb vindaloo Kati rolls with mint yogurt sauce. It was so flavorful with just the right amount of spice! I grabbed a Mexican Mule to go with it and it was the perfect combination! This is a must try for some great Indian food!Amazing Indian food!! You can choose to have the food mild spicy which I thought was great.
Wife and I got 2 Kati rolls - potato and paneer, highly recommend.I normally go for the chicken tikka masala rice bowl but decided to go for something new this time around. I got two of the Kati rolls - one with the lamb vindaloo and one with the chole masala. It also came with a papadam.
The lamb vindaloo kati roll was my favorite. It had a good amount of spice and the lamb was extremely tender. The chole masala kati roll was also delicious and had a nice spice to it.  Will definitely be back and will explore their menu some more!I wasn't impressed at all. As mentioned in several reviews there are several menu items crossed out. The server seemed stressed and was talking under her breath where I could barely hear her. She just seemed kind of irritated. I ordered a paneer dish and it was just ok. I've had better Indian food elsewhere.This is one of the hidden gem. Dosas and kathi rolls were great. Kudos to the lady making dosas, excellent customer service and she was multitasking. She deserve a good pay raise. Amazing dosa making skills she got!!Came to New Orleans for vacation. Felt like having Indian food. Choose tava based on the reviews here. Whoever thinks this is good place to eat Indian, obviously has not eaten "good" Indian food before. They were out of chicken and lamb at 7 pm. That was half the menu right there. The vegan options they did have and we ordered was so bad, we ditched the food and got sushi from the same market. It is definitely overpriced and overhyped.Excellent restaurant located in the heart of New Orleans. Authentic Indian dosas with the option of  some creative and fun twists. Staff was very helpful with suggestions and the owner was very grateful that we dined there. They even have soft drinks from India. Will definitely be a regular!Got delicious food from their vendor stall in Auction House Market.  Tried the Chole Chaat and Gunpowder Dosa.  Both were just so delicious and flavorful.  Highly recommend!This place is delicious! I'm South Indian, and grew up eating dosas and sambar at home. Don't let the strange fusion throw you off (Indian paninis? What?) this place is a true gem. The sambar is delicious, the masala dosa was crispy and stuffed to the brim. Also, they were serving thums up, a soda similar to Pepsi and coke, which I haven't had anywhere else outside of India.
Worth it to come by and snag something. Haven't tried the weird fusion paninis yet, but if the flavors from the more traditional dosas are anything to go by, then the rest of the food will be good tooWe were craving some indian food and found this place in the awesome Food Market. We ordered a potato filling dosa, gunpowder dosa. Both of them were super tasty. But beware when ordering gunpowder dosa, it is crazy spicy.This is really not a restaurant but a takeout/ food court stall. Having said that my friends and I all  out of towners wanted to eat a quick meal after sightseeing. We are from
Ohio, NJ and Texas - found this place on yelp and enjoyed two of their offerings - Kathi rolls and masala  Dosa. Both were very very good. Service is quick and friendly. Heartily recommend  it to anyone who wants a quick simple meal.We loved watching our dolsa be made to order!  The food was delicious and fresh.  The tikka masala and cheese dolsa were favorites for our kids.I've eaten food from Tava several times, but this chicken tikka masala rice bowl was the best thing I've had there. It was delicious and extremely filling! It had a great level of spice without being overwhelming. Definitely will be trying more things the next time we drop into Auction House Market.I eat a "gunpowder" dosa about once a week. It's so delicious and gluten free, too. The sabhar is where it's at, super spicy and so yummy. The paneer is delicious. Everything I've tried from them is great and the service is always great too.Very flavorful and I like the different options and unique combinations. You can get them spicy if they are not already.Amazing Indian eatery in NOLA! 
Located inside Auction House Market. Auction House Market has many food stalls and great amabience! 
We ordered  dosa dhabeli and uttapams. They made fresh food in front of us(open kitchen concept) and I was amazed non Indians making food for us which tasted great! There was enough food for all 4 of us and the server even bought us extra uttapam because they made it accidently and said we can have it, they did put extra ghee for our kids on it.Hosted the Yelp Elite Event tonight at Auction House Market. The food was quite noteworthy! The entire dining experience made writing this a visceral pleasure.
The Cauliflower Tandoori dish was amazing! Layers of pow-bang-boom with a slow burn that made me sweat from the happy inside out! Yummy cooling Tzatziki ( which I can not spell nor properly represent) that I wanted more of!
The chef was an absolute darling and was all too happy to talk to us individually and teach us about his recipes, within reason ;) . What a lovely soul. This is evident in his artful and passionately seasoned dishes.
Oops, back to the cuisine! The next dish was a smoldering Chicken Biryani that introduced itself with a crisp pop of sweetly fried whisps of onion and finished with a dark pepper burn of rice and tender flavorful chicken... And... Sausage y'all... Awwww yeah!
He wrapped all of this delightfulness up with a tasty ice cream treat quite reminscent of Mango Lassi sandwiched between two tea cookies of ginger-y  satisfying crunch.
What a flavorful experience! All I can truly say is ,"Wowsa" in rememberence of the unfolding tale that is Tava!!! Tell me more as tantalizing chilis enrapture my daydreams and I await my next experience with unique and individual take on Indian dishes from Tava.I love Indian food in general but had never tried Indian "street food". The workers were very friendly and good at recommending options. I was recommended to try the Dosa with curried potatoes and I must say I was happy with it. Almost like a savory crispy crepe. It was delicious and I'd definitely get it again.I went here because I thought they had Uttapam, but they have a different menu.. I ended up getting the dosa which was deliciousWe wanted to try this place today. Ordered 2 dishes. Both the chef & the other young lady were extremely busy keeping up with the orders. We took food to go. Amazing food. We always look for that Indian flavor & both dishes were spot on. Chef has a great talent. Both of them are polite & sweet even with the busy orders. If you are in the area you should definitely try this place.Food was okay, service was terrible. The two girls working were very rude, weren't able to answer ANY questions, and stood chatting while there was a line of people waiting to order. Additionally to several of the dishes being crossed off the menu, they were also out of items that appeared to be available. Bummer. Really wanted to like it.This place never ceases to amaze me. Their regular dishes are all really good. This time I got one of their specials: the sliders.  I ordered them because it came with pomegranate. Boy what a great start. The potato had a nice warm traditional Indian spice, and the pomegranate really played with that an I enjoyed it. The bread was nicely roasted, and it was a decent portion of food. It came with three sliders that were the equivalent of a nice sandwich. If you've never bought food from here, you're missing out.Best Indian food in New Orleans by a mile.  Best Indian food I've eaten outside of India.Really excellent dosa and filling in an unexpected place. Only two issues. First, for the price, I would expect more of the potato filling. They really skimp and for no reason - doubling the amount might add 25 cents in cost. Second, there was one employee when I went (understandable - it was 9 pm) and he completely ignored me for ten minutes while I stood at the counter. No hello, I'll be right with you, or even a nod. I finally pulled a chair up to the counter and sat. And there was no eventual acknowledgement that he had ignored me. The guy was busy with orders - I get it. But still.Wow, this place is so yummy! I moved away from home and have been missing Indian cooking. I tried a few places in Nola that were decent but couldn't find that on point flavor. This place made me feel so happy though! The vibes when you enter are so cute and fresh and vibrant! Very hip and inviting setting. Tava has its dosa station set up right when you enter and you can see it all made in front of you, allowing you to drool and mentally prepare for the main event - dosas! Oh myy gershhhh. Cooked to perfection. From the outer lentil layer to the inside stuffing to the chutney & sauces served with it. When I tell you that every flavor hits your mouth and more I mean it. It's so carefully constructed that it literally takes you for a ride. Treat yourself to this food heaven!This is hands down my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. If you want authentic Indian food, try this place out! While visiting New Orleans, I felt homesick and missed Pakistani/ Indian cuisine. Tava satisfied my craving and then some! The potato and paneer Kati rolls were both scrumptious and filling. The employees are friendly and helpful with any questions we had. You can order the food based on your palette and we ordered both rolls with mild spice which had the perfect amount of kick!Loved the food, it had an amazing taste. My fiancé's family is from Sri Lanka so he is use to authentic food and he thought it was good but was not as thrilled as I was. However, he ranked it better then other places we have had.$5 cheese dosa was a nice snack, it feels like they are a little understaffed so it took a while to get them. It tastes like the cheese that runs off the edges of a homemade grilled cheese.The Auction House Market is beautiful and a great vibe for happy hour, but if you're looking for good authentic Indian food, this isn't it. The potato curry was under cooked, the chutney was basically just cream of coconut and the overall flavor profile and spice wasn't up to par. Was really looking forward to delicious dosa and curry but was sadly disappointed
#BidensAmericaHere for a conference at the Convention Center and was craving Indian food. This place is a nice walk from the Convention Center. Here in March so weather was perfect. Very easy to walk right past this food market. Walked and ambiance was awesome. Plenty of seating. And the food was INCREDIBLE! I tried almost everything. And I loved the amazing flavor, freshness, and perfect portions! And after dinner even enjoyed the rolled ice cream at the vendor down the hallway. It was truly the perfect evening after a long exhausting day of conferences. Just GO, you won't regret!! Especially if you're like me and don't appreciate Cajun or Creole cuisine at all the other restaurants.Highly disappointed with this place. They literally had just about everything crossed off the menu. To add insult they were gone from the station for 10 minutes. If you are not going to be present and you have nothing on your menu available than close. To add insult they also have items not crossed that we're not available too. So sad.If you look in google maps, you may not find this. It's part of 8 or 9 food stalls that are part of a market. Excellent food. We ordered all the vegetarian food on offer and without exception each dish was excellent. The dosas are outstanding, the sambar was pretty authentic. The Dabheli was excellent.
All in all a must try if you are in New Orleans.The only good thing about this place is the ambiance. I ordered Plain Dhee dosa and bhelpuri. They served me a burnt dosa(sure it had NO ghee) with no chutney or sambhar. The chutney was bland and atrocious. The chef made the bhelpuri in front of me using the haldiram bhel puri packet. I was disappointed !Delicious South Indian food. We got the dosas- generous portion size and sambar was good too but a touch pricey. The service was great as well, and everything was relatively quickI've had the Dosas here a number of times, and it does not disappoint. I like adding some sausage to mine. The chutneys have such great flavor. I want to try some of their other dishes, but I always keep coming back to the Dosas.We are from India & NJ , so know something about India food :) Menu is  simple street food from India.  I was surprised to see the detailing of each dish , everything' taste delicious. It a hidden place in a food court that has many other options. So common over for some delicious food ..Finding this place was like finding water in a desert!! We were hungry looking for some vegetarian food and this place was like a blessing.. although they didn't have everything they had put on menu.. but Dosas were really good.. must try their paneer dosa.!! Highly recommended!Good quality food and service, Sambhar has authentic taste.. nice clean place with couple of other vendors.This is one of the few casual Indian spots that I've found in city. It's a great option for a quick meal or take-out. They'll pack up your food ready to go. You can hang out in Auction Market until it's ready to go. I like to grab a coffee or a cocktail while I wait. You can find a spot to sit and they'll bring your food to you.I love this spot! It fooled me when I walked up and saw a little spot where they cook and where you eat however, don't let that spot fool you! Take a seat relax grab the menu and order what's gonna taste great! I loved the dosa with potatoes, it tasted so good and the dosa is cooked fresh when you get there. My husband is from India and at first he was a bit skeptic and didn't order anything until he took a bite out of mine. He told me immediately "please order me one"! I was like I thought you didn't want anything! He said " that taste reminded me of the dosas I had in India". He loved it, and so did I. The environment is quiet and relaxing! The guy who made my dosa did an excellent job at making it! I wish I didn't have to pay for parking to go eat there, since I do unfortunately I will not be going often however, when I am in the area for errands etc., I will definitely stop by again for some good dosa!!!Amazing food!! Extremely authentic Indian. The Dabelis are to die for. The Dosa is as good as it gets!!I cannot say get the Kati roll and Panini any louder. We did both with Chicken Tikka Masala and they were amazing with high quality chicken. Great coconut chutney as well on the side but honestly didn't even need it. 
My boyfriend also has a severe chickpea allergy which we let the guy know about, he assured us he would be fine and took extra precautions with using new tools/utensils. 
We'd definitely stop on here for a quick lunch or really any meal next time we're back!This place is inside the Auction House Market. The server was not very interested in serving us. She kept running in and out of the place not paying any attention to us or may be she was trying to avoid us, I don't know.
When we finally caught hold of her, we tried to place an order for the Masala Dosa but she said they were out of Sambar. After a little deliberation, we ordered the Dabeli but she said even that was not available. I mean, she could have told us upfront that so and so items in the menu were not available. 
Anyway we finally ordered the Kadhai paneer rice bowl. The server took about 10 min to get the oder to us. The quantity was decent but the curry to rice ratio was not right. There was too little curry to the amount of rice. The flavor was also bland and not on point.
I would recommend this place to vegetarian with the caveat to not expect much. The place is not bad but it's not great. 
May be something else in the menu is better but I really doubt we will go back to this place.If you're in the CBD this is a must stop. It's inside Auction house market, which is a super fun dining area. I initially saw this place on Instagram and when I met a friend for dinner at AHM I knew I had to try this place and I am soooooo glad I did. I loved every bite of my meal. It came with a sauce and I think a soup? It was so filling and delicious. If you want to try Indian street food or in the mood for it- this is a must stop. You won't be disappointed.Love at first bite! Tava was highly recommended to me by a friend who holds southern Indian cuisine near and dear to their heart. So far, I've tried the lamb vindaloo dosa ($14) and the chicken tikka masala bowl ($12). Portions are generous! 
For the lamb dosa, lamb seems to one of the more popular proteins on the menu and on busy days they may actually run out. The dosa was HUGE (see pictures). I like how tender the lamb was -- I only wish that it was spicy. It was really mild, if spicy at all. The dosa also came with sambhar (a lentil/vegetable soup) and coconut cilantro chutney to dip in. I also had a taste of my friend's masala potato dosa and oh man that potato filling tasted heavenly. 
The chicken tikka masala bowl was also really good, and I preferred it over the dosa. Tava uses chicken thighs so it was perfectly tender and juicy. I took this to go and it was large enough for me that it served as two meals. I will say that the to go container they used for the bowl was made of paper, so it got a bit soggy from all of the hot rice and sauce. 
I can't wait to come back and get their masala potatoes for myself as well as try out some of their other dishes like the chana salad!