The owner, True, specializes in medicinal teas! My boyfriend went by today and told her how I've been fighting this seemingly perpetual cold, and she put together 3 little tea bags for me full of vitamin C and herbs that should cure me and taste amazing!  #ShopLocalI can't give any stars but I'm forced to give at least one. We went last night after finding this place on Yelp! I was super excited. Greeted at the door and provided a menu. The young lady shared a bit about the teas and let me smell one. She told us we could order or have a seat. We looked at the pastry case, (yum yum yum) and sat down. The menu booklet was intriguing, teas and ambiance looked mythical and magical. After 15 minutes minutes and no service we left. The shop had had about 8 people there including the 2 staff. A gentleman came in after us and was served immediately by the same person who greeted us, he may have been a regular. I love tea. I was r3ady to purchase tea to go and enjoy some there as well. Sadly, I won't know if this place is good or not, due to lack or service.I just happened to cross by it (I was actually headed to a different cafe) but it seemed interesting enough to check it out and I was not disappointed. 
All the workers were very nice and helpful (it wasn't a busy hour so I was the only customer), the tea I ordered was great and the peach pie tasted so fresh and tasty I was astonished, and the entire atmosphere and decorations there were beautiful. 
I highly recommend to anyone to stop by.First off, wow. If you weren't originally drawn to this cafe all on your own, you definitely will find yourself needing to coming back as soon as you leave. There is probably a blend for everything, and the soothing flavors will leave you warm and satisfied. I highly recommend this gem in such a magical city.A magical Tea shop! So much love, creativity and tiny detail went into making this place a true hidden gem!! This is the type of place that you stumble upon and never forget. The owner is lovely and you can see the passion behind her business. They offer housemade healing herbal teas, fresh baked goods, and espresso and more. Don't second guess stopping here, it made my trip and I hope it does the same for you!My friend and I stopped in for a pot of tea and ended up talking with the owner.  She was so knowledable about everything and willing to answer any questions we had.  The tea was wonderful, and the shop had so many to choose from, each with its own in depth description on the benefits of the ingredients used.  I ended up buying several more loose leaf teas to take home.  Only wish it was closer to where I live, I'd go every week if I could!  Just happy that you can buy the tea online as well.Came here with a friend who hates tea. He had the chai, I had the unveiling jade. Both were amazing! He even liked his, begrudgingly:) The space is small and perfect, the service was friendly and informative, and I simply can't wait to go back. Thanks Tea witch!Very inviting, warm place to spend time. Amazing selection of teas and the owner is incredibly knowledgeable and friendly. Highly recommend for anyone in the city looking for tea, coffee, and a relaxing place to hang out.LOVED THIS TEA PLACE! I was in town for work at the convention center and needed a boost on my lunch break. It was super easy to get to and the service was great. The worker helped me figure out what tea I needed to survive the rest of the day and I had never felt better. I got Pity A Fool in one of their cute tea cups and the rest of it to go. They also sell their loose leaf teas for you to take home and on their website.
The decor was on theme with the name and I loved how serene and quiet the place felt, even when more people showed up. When I come back to NOLA, I'll be visiting this place as many times as I can.The best tea in New Orleans hands down. It's always DELISH and freshly made. The owner is incredibly wise and dedicated to making her customers happy.Lovely little tea house. You can linger over your cup of tea with your laptop or apot of tea and pastries with a friend. Staff is friendly and will chat with you about the tea blends unless  you signal that you want to be left alone. The cafe itself is charming.This is a beautiful gothic looking little tea shop with such kind staff. I was stunned by its beauty when I walked in. I tried the ghost's blood tea. It was so good and got rid of my stomach ache. Love this place and definitely recommend.Nice addition to neighborhood and community. We are a coffe-centric city but it is nice to get some education into the world of teas and their medicinal values. They do serve coffee for those who need their fix. :)Excellent vibe in this cute little witch house. Comfortable setting a quiet little area. The service was spooktacular.This is a neighborhood jewel. True provides the finest teas for any occasion - gathering, celebration or malady.  The cafe is a beautiful and welcoming community space. Our visits there made us feel part of the neighborhood.  True is a natural treasure. New Orleans is lucky to have her and this gift of an establishment.Charming eclectic spot serving unique blends in a French press so you get several cups. They serve some bakery items which looked good but we didn't have those. They are pretty new.I could sit in this cafe for hours. Beautiful decor that is so relaxing. Got an iced tea for this 80+ degree weather today and it hit the spot. I wish I lived here just so I could stop by this place everyday.This is my new favorite local business in New Orleans! I have been several times now and I've been over the moon about my experience each time. The owner really makes the experience when she asks you how you're feeling or what you're looking for as soon as you walk up to the wooden countertop which keeps us all rooted in the Tea Witch's cafe. She's very personable and warm and has interesting stories behind some of her teas. This is not your typical tea house. 
The menu of teas is exhaustive, but I recommend picking the owner's brain to make sure you get exactly what it is you need. A section of the cafe is an apothecary where they hand prepare your tea concoction so you can add or take away any ingredients to tailor your needs. I personally prefer the medicinal teas, which can be very subtle in flavor, but if you're just looking for something tasty then they have that too!
The prices here are unbelievably affordable. I have taken many friends here now and we're all obsessed. You will know why as soon as you step in!This morning I was suggested a tea for a sinus cold and have been feeling great all day. I loved this little cafe!Love this place. The woman who I think owns it, was so sweet. I'm not a tea person, but I can tell this tea is really made from authentic ingredients. The vibes were awesome in here, and a perfect place to get some work done. 
Great experience overall. Loved it!The interior of this place is so unique and comforting. The staff was very friendly and helpful answering all of my questions regarding the menu. I love this place!! Will definitely be back. I also enjoy reading their instagram posts; they are so beautifully written!The owner was completely inviting and knowledge. She was able to make your perfect pot based upon mood and /or symptoms. Definitely a place to keep as a favorite.Our first day in NOLA & my friends and I wanted a spot to find some caffeinated beverages! The owner/ladies who worked there were super nice, inviting and not to mention, informative. The decor of this place is AMAZZZINNNNNNNGGGG & this place is cheap, too! Super impressed!!My new favorite tea house in the city.  A really great witchy vibe, on point decor and a lovely selection of tea blend choices.  They also have crystals and other fun things you might need to improve your day.I love Tea Witch Tea, and I had no idea I would love Tea Witch Cafe even more! The pastries are great, the customer service is above and beyond! Indoor out door seating, walkability, beautiful decor, fun music, friendly people. I've never felt more at home at a cafe!Can we please talk about how adorable this place is?? I have been trying to taper my coffee intake, and was searching for a tea house that offered artisanal teas and a place I could relax and gather with friends. I have found exactly this at Tea Witch! This cozy corner shop has an enchanted vibe (hence the witch in the title). There was a great selection of unique teas brewed to order- I tried the "7 Wicked Spindles" with lavender, passion fruit, chamomile, cardamom and mint.  I like that the employees provided tea suggestions, like one tea they explained was helpful for headache relief since it contained feverfew. I found this spot by way of a vegan brunch pop up event, which South of Eden does there every Sunday. Freshly made coconut yogurt with fresh fruits from the farmers market and granola, what a treat! I want to make this my weekly tradition! Indoor and outdoor seating.Super cozy and charming. Excellent customer service and the two things we tried were great. My husband had a yerba mate based iced tea (can't remember the other ingredients) named Illumi-NOT-Tea. 
We also had a slice of Hummingbird cake and it was amazing! 
Very friendly and knowledgeable staff. Thank you!!!First time being in New Orleans and my friends and I visited the tea witch cafe. We were super excited when we discovered it and it topped all expectations. I got the voodoo blossom tea and it was so fresh and yummy. The owner and her daughter are super nice, easy to talk to and very knowledgeable about everything. The decor is absolutely gorgeous. I wasn't much of a tea drinker until I was really educated on all the benefits. I can't wait to go back to this place, it's definitely a place to check out if your in the area!For any bruja, witch, warlock, or spiritual medium this is the tea house and coffee for you! Even if you aren't as in touch with your third eye they have an on site medium to contact your ancestors and read your cards to awaken your spirituality. 
The inside is an eclectic mixture of ancient art and witchy wares with a giant moon above you on the ceiling. Their apothecary area is where they assemble their medicinal teas and perform their spiritual readings. 
Any woman would feel at home here, a perfect womb of safe spirituality.A magical little tea shop! They manifest nothing but good vibes and quality tea. I got the Fear-less tea served in one of their cute tea cups. Very delicate taste and very relaxing. What I like best is the array of choices they have available. They serve hot and iced tea, and teas for whatever ails you, plus they are yummy! Tarot readings are also available and believe me they know what they are doing.Just a pleasant little local spot.  Tea by the cup or the pot & coffee. Eclectic decor and storage. Lots of "extras" to purchase including pottery mugs, made by a friend - flower water, loose leaf tea, art, readings, henna, gems, sage and more.This place, the tea and the atmosphere was amazing, and what more can you ask for from a tea witch cafe? The tea that I ordered was, clearly, made from quality ingredients, all combined in a mortar and pestle and then poured in my tea. I was told to let it seep for 10 minutes, and I was given a strainer. All around a wonderful experience, I can't imagine ordering tea anywhere else.
The inside almost looks exactly what you'd picture in a tea with cafe. The cups were all handmade from clay, there was a lot of cement inside.
This place comes highly recommended.This is such an awesome space! Positive space, warm, inviting. If I lived here, I would spend so much time here. I am taking some home with me. Thank you for providing this space.This has been my most favorite place in NOLA. The tea is delicious and purposeful. Made with great intention. It's a safe space for all who work in the metaphysical world and even those who just love tea!What a cool place! Came here while on a bachelorette party weekend. Staff is so kind.I had a couple of hours on my own in NOLa before my flight. I found this little Haven close to the edge of town en route to the airport. This was the best spot for me to go by myself. It's a very safe place. I did not feel isolated or lonely, which is how some cafes can make you feel. The space is very intimate and inviting. Little pockets of friends and fellow loners came in the door and chatted or kept to themselves.
I requested a hot tea to help aid a seasonal allergy inflamed bronchial cough that's been taking a toll on my lungs. The owner of the shop (True) knew right away, "Rattlesnake". She stewed a fresh pot in her Apothecary and got a little bag of the tea blend to go.
Everything from the sticker on my bag of tea leaves to the crystals, zines and books, little vintage clothes corner, tasty baked goods, and handmade pottery cups added to the intentionally artful shabby-chic environment. Even the bathroom is carefully put together; The sink sounds like a babbling brook!
I found a little sign at the register, which read "Ask about our Readings". I got a Medicine Card reading from True. It was personal and empowering. And another person that came into the cafe followed with a Bone Reading. The space felt safe and sacred for them to connect with the message it provided.
I highly suggest that you visit the Tea Witch Cafe for pot of tea with friends or on your own. It's a great option for anyone #SoberInNOLa or if you're just looking for a break from the bar scene. I look forward to seeing this special place grow. And I will be back next time I'm in town.I popped in today with my husband, I'd been reading the reviews and passing by and couldn't wait to check it out, so with an off day i took the chance. 
This is such a great place to grab a cup of tea (or pot of tea) or coffee..I tried a couple different teas, they have iced teas and hot teas. I grabbed a hot tea called 
"Fear-less"...and just sitting there sipping and talking to the owner,my anxieties and stressors of the day just slipped away...This place is such a rare gem in New Orleans, with the combination of great service, great conversation and amazing tea,that "Tea Cafe"this needs to be checked out by many and i already can't wait to go back. 
Seriously there is a tea for everything that ails you.True (the owner) has an unbelievable amount of wisdom. You are missing out if you don't go over there to pick her brain. And drink her tea!!!! We tried the CHILLED tea -- illumi-not-t + voodoo blossom and it felt like they were waking up our souls lol. The decor is BEAUTIFUL. Locals, you don't understand how lucky you are! I would love for a cool place like this to be near me! They know what they're doing. Seriously, forget starbucks + peets, if you want REAL tea, this is where you should be going. 
P.S ** So grateful she also has a website where you can buy her tea!Just a wonderful warm cozy little tearoom on Magazine. Eclectic is a simple term to describe this very natural welcoming place of peace. The teas are as eclectic and diverse as is the decor and the people. You will however never feel more welcome and comfortable to enjoy some really yummy bakery goodies and a fresh brewed cup of tea. Some unique little purses, clothing, crystals and art if you so desire and you can take some tea home for later. The staff is very knowledgeable in the blends of tea and how and why they are blended. I really love this place!Proprietor is very friendly. The atmosphere is very pagan friendly and well decorated.I personally would go back. The owner and I had an immediate connection through the cosmos that may be, - she asked me, a question that I asked other people when I'm checking on my friends and I have never met this woman-which confirmed my connection. Then as she was making my tea she asked me if my opinion and I told her I just need a lot of love, and that's what she made me without me knowing .. a tea combination called love! I absolutely loved this place.. the energy was wonderful - I will be coming backWent here because my girlfriend was feeling sick. The server recommended the "rattlesnake" because it has Ginger and can be good for a cold. After drinking it she felt much better. The tea is brewed fresh and the ingredients are mixed in a pestle & mortar on site. If you ever want some real tea don't hesitate to drop by, the people behind the counter are really helpful and can find you the perfect tea. The decor is also very fitting got a witch cafe.Came here with a bunch of friends and really loved it.  They were great about giving suggestions and letting you smell things before ordering.  From the tea description it wasn't something I would ever order but I am glad I listened to her recommendation because the tea was excellent.  They also have a great pumpkin coffee drink that doesn't taste like chemicals (like some places I know....).  Really glad we came and checked this place out.  I will come back!Love this place! Great, fun atmosphere. Definitely come here for a witchy good time! Tea is great, too!I loved everything about this place! The decor was very beautiful and the owner was very sweet and very passionate in the teas she made. I will definitely be coming back to enjoy more of the wonderful blends that they offer and the goregous aesthetics of the cafe!Just WOW!  My friends know how much I'm a tea addict.  I am working in New Orleans on a gig and they threw me a surprise party at Tea Witch Cafe.  They were usually closed for the day, but opened just for my birthday event.  True was an exceptional hostess, a true divine lady.  They made me a deliciously moist lemon hibiscus cake, an assortment of cookies and their tea blends were wonderful.  I HIGHLY recommend Tea Witch Cafe!!!  Thank you for making my birthday so very special.  Brightest Blessings!I rarely write bad reviews about businesses on here, I try to be as fair as possible. But this review comes from a place of disappointment. I visited New Orleans for the first time this past week. I'm an herbalist and so I make the effort to visit local apothecaries, herbal medicine or herb shops in whatever city I am visiting. It's my thing to show them some love especially on my website. I was so excited to visit this shop and meet some herb witches in NOLA. Each time that I walked over to the shop they were closed, so I decided one day to call the shop instead of walking over. Someone picked up and before I could ask if they were open, I was met with a rude "I'm BUSY!" and they hung up on my face. I called back and got the voicemail. This is a bit rude and made me feel like maybe these aren't the kind of "witches" I'm suppose to connect with in NOLA.Kristen was very kind and helpful. She gave us great tips for the city and was really fun to talk to too! The teas were delicious, we got a illumi-not-T and a spider silk. The ambiance is really great, really immersive as well.The space is very cozy and has a earthy vibe. Perfect for 1-4 friends. I was little sad because they were out of chai and I would of like more guidance on alternative, or even to learn some of the benefits of the other teas to make a alternative choice. But definitely would return. The owner was really friendly and this tea shop has mystic and loving energy to it. 
Also had a array of desserts that looked so tempting. Definitely a great spot to read a book, write or grab a cup of tea with a friend.Right after I made a trip to the English Tea Room on the North Shore, I decided to meet a friend at this magical little space.
Located in Uptown, not far from the interstate and CBD, Tea Witch Cafe is an intricately designed, thoughfully arranged space for those who love tea: pretty tea, healthy tea, herbal tea, and traditional tea. I do not drink caffeinated drinks anymore, so this place is like a dream come true. 
A pot of hot tea here is only $6 and can be shared with a friend. A cup of hot tea costs $3, and iced tea is $3.50. They also serve coffee for those who need something just a little stronger. The bakery case held some tempting little treats, but I did not try anything. That's on the list for next time! 
While I loved my experience at the shop, my only suggestion is to get in early and make your order as soon as you can. It seems to fill up pretty quickly.Such a lovely cafe complete with bone or tarot readings, lovely pastries and wonderful women who truly care about the art and religion of tea and all things mystical.This was the perfect place to visit on a cold and rainy day. I would prefer a cafe such as this, over a place like Starbucks. My girlfriend and I ordered a pot of Spiced Chai, and it was really good. There were so many options to choose from but Chai itself is always a go to. There is plenty of sitting area for customers and the over cafe is laid out quite well. It may seem tight at first with the furniture spread out, but it isn't so bad. I really dig the giant painted moon on the ceiling, as well as the various ravens posted up throughout. I picked up some great new foreign tunes from the cafe's playlist, which greatly appreciate haha. When you want to just relax and maybe read or have a great conversation with someone, visit Tea Witch Cafe.