Great location and delicious food. Tried the spicy basil fried rice with beef at lunch. Descent sized portion, also comes with a spring roll for under $10! Food had flavor which is good, could have been spicier since it was called "spicy basil fried rice" but I guess the baseline is purposely bland to cater to the regular uptown crowd.
Next time will ask them to make the dish as they would for a thai person. Overall great food, good service, will return.Ordered pad Thai and pad see ew (both veggie). Pad see ew is usually fried in sweet soy sauce but this one tasted like plain rice noodles. So a little bland. Pad Thai was great though! One of the better I've had in the city...Penang curry!!!!!! One of the best I have ever had.
Pad thai was average but I don't even care because the Penang ... YAASSS 
Huge portions.Had I been more observant, I would have noticed the sign when I walked in that said every dish can be made vegan or vegetarian. But I didn't, so I was dismayed to see no vegetarian entrees on the menu, and then pleasantly surprised by our waiter's cheerful response when I asked if I could get vegetarian curry- I even had the choice between steamed or fried tofu, which I appreciate. They should have put the veggie options on the menu, though- had I looked up that menu before we came, I probably would have ruled it out. Our food came out extremely quickly, but I'll hold off on the celebration on that one since we were the only ones in the restaurant. Our crispy spring rolls were good, and our entrees were very large and beautifully presented. The BF got the taste of ginger chicken, which he said was very good. I was happy with the vegetables in my red curry, as there was a nice variety and plenty of them, but there was approximately zero heat in the dish, so it was a bit too bland for my liking. The bar looked nice, but we didn't order any drinks.
The service was great. I think the girl in charge of our waters may have actually been a child, but she was very on top of that without being annoying. Our waiter was soft-spoken but attentive. At the end, he took our plates and returned with it all boxed up in a bag with a menu. I LOVE it when restaurants box my food for me. I don't know why. You can tell they pay attention to the little details here- there was a candle and a real rose on every table, I already mentioned the packaging up our food for us, and the BF's card came back with his copy of the receipt wrapped around it, which I thought was thoughtful. I forgot to see what I was charged for the veggie curry, but the overall price of the meal was pretty much what I would expect from any Thai place. It was a tiny bit on the pricy side, but not unreasonably so. 
I will come back, but I doubt I'll order the curry again.We had the shrimp green curry and seafood  kee  mao which was fresh and spicy  the service excellentBeen looking for quality Thai food since I moved here. Believe me when I say it's some of the best Thai I've EVER had & that's not an exaggeration. I've lived in two big cities, Chi & NY, & I'm Asian so subpar food just won't cut it.
The shrimp Tom yum soup was delicious. So good that my bf ordered his own cup after tasting mine.
My fave dish, beef pad see ewe was cooked to perfection. Will definitely be going back.
Ambience was perfect for date night, but also family friendly & service was excellent-our water glasses were never more than half empty.One of if not my favorite Thai restaurant in New Orleans.  It used to be Basil Leaf but has now changed owners and also reduced the prices.  It still has a beautiful Buddha mural and a cute seating area along the window, complete with decorative pillows.  It's a perfect date night spot.  The food comes out quick and is plentiful.  I love all the flavors and have such a hard time not wanting to eat everything in sight.  Ordered the penang curry with beef.  Thai hot was more like mild for my tastes, but you can ask for more pepper to add to it.  It had a bit too much peanut taste for me.  My sister got the red curry which was more flavorful.  I also tried the pad Thai, pad soon sen and something into the jungle. Everything was delicious!I recently went to Thai Mint for dinner and it was pretty empty.  It was late and a week night but the food and service were good.  I used to have 5 Thai restaurants within a mile of my apartment when I lived in Minneapolis.  This is the closest to good Thai food I have found in New Orleans.  I will definitely be back.The service was great and so was the Tom Kha soup. I was very disappointed with the size vs price of the Pad See U noodles as well. The beef that came with the noodles was very dry and the "egg roll" was the size of my thumb. I don't see myself coming here again. Also pretty disappointed that they didn't serve Laab.Expect a long wait. We finally left after 40 minutes. Can't give a review about the food, as we never saw even an appetizer.We went last night for dinner. The service was very nice and the food came quickly. We had the crab roll, hot and sour, coconut shrimp soup, Tom yum zen and pad Thai. The portions were generous and everything was very fresh and delicious!  I loved both soups, I would order those by the pail if I could. I only tried the pad Thai out of the entrees and it was very tasty with excellent fresh shrimp, but I found it a little on the sweet side. We'll be back for sure!One of my favorite spots for Thai (especially at lunch) the soup and spring roll that came with my pad Thai made it worth it!
Uptown, right off Carrollton, you can take the street car. Again, it's New Orleans you probably didn't come here for Thai, but this is a good quick spot uptown. Definitely for lunch!Delicious food.  We love Thai food and this was definitely a very authentic and flavorful experience.  Loved it!Ok food, but incredibly stingy on to-go orders. I've had the $8.95 beef salad 2-3 times dining in and a handful of takeout orders. My most recent to-go was filled with about a cup of iceberg lettuce, 5 pieces of beef and less than a dozen vegetables total (couple pepper slices, couple cucumber half-wedges, couple of halved cherry tomatoes).
The Tom Yum soup is tasty yet overpriced. It's the closest Thai to my  house, but the paltry takeout portions will probably keep me from returning.Great food and great service!  The hot and sour soap is delicious. The fried banana and ice desert is to die for.  Over all great experience.Horrible service. Came in for lunch was seated all the way in the back and was ignored for 20 mins until I got up an left. I watched both waitresses walk back an forth past my table as I stared at them trying to catch there attention it was as if they intentionally didn't look my way. They attended to every table around me but wouldn't even ask if I wanted water. 1/2 my lunch break gone with no lunch.I've tried several dishes here and almost all of them were worthy of a repeat.  The Basil Chicken is tasty--full of flavor with a variety of vegetables.  The noodle dishes all have their own varied textures and sauces. All of the fried rice dishes are worth trying. The green curry was a little too sweet for my taste but might have pleased others. Definitely try the crispy spring rolls or the fried dumplings as starters. Their homemade sweet chili sauce is to die for! Excellent service and ambiance. Overall a great dining experience!This place was good the server was very helpful and guided us well through the whole experience. The curry was good. You could tell it was homemade and very flavorfull. We got the desert it was a raspberry torte very strange for Thai but was good.  I will Def frequent this place whenever I'm in the cityThis place follows all the rules. It's clean, and nicely decorated. A nice place to sit in. Our waiter had water in our glasses the second they were no longer full, and our food came out quickly. And our food was delicious. I ate all of it, I should not have. I definitely recommend!The service is terrible, and they don't answer the phone, so don't plan on ordering for pickup. I was on my way somewhere and wanted to order ahead so I could pick up and run. The phone rang and rang, nobody picked up. Once I finally got there, saw they were not busy, asked if they heard the phone ringing, their answer: "do you know what you want?" -- way to dodge the question. While i was waiting for my food, I called again...The line was busy! They took the phone off the hook! Food is decent, but customer service inspired this review.Wonderful thai food. Impeccable service by Ice
Coconut soup , spring rolls , shrimp fried rice are all excellent. Cozy atmosphere with beautiful murals on the walk and outdoor seatingDisappointing green curry.  It was very heavy and not flavorful.  I've been spoiled with a summer on the west coast eating Thai food several times a week, and this doesn't rank anywhere near that.  
Based on the reviews, I would probably try it again, maybe with a lunch special.  Perhaps that's just their weak menu item.I actually liked their pad Thai @rachel who said it was terrible
They played apologize by one republic and I enjoyed that 
7/10 would recommendFresh from Thailand and was craving pad Thai and Thai tea. Found this place while driving down Carrollton. I ordered pad Thai while my boyfriend ordered red curry chicken. Both dishes were pretty good, especially the curry chicken. The price are decent ranging from $11-$16 for entrees and they give you a lot of food!. I'd definitely return.Went here for lunch and had the Green Curry with chicken. It was solid, but not mind-blowing. The highlight was the free hot and sour soup and crispy spring roll that unexpectedly came out before the meal. The price was right as well. Based upon the ambiance, we actually expected to pay more.I came here for lunch with a group of friends on Saturday at noon. We were the only ones in the restaurant for a good amount of time, which was a little strange, but it eventually began to pick up. Nearly everyone at the table ordered the chicken pad thai, which comes with an egg roll and soup as part of the lunch special. It was alright - definitely more catered to American tastes. Portion sizes are just right. Service was excellent and very attentive! Much more reasonably priced than other Thai places in the area (I'm looking at you, Sukho Thai).I'm a big fan of fried rice and the pineapple fried rice here is really good. It's a quiet place and it wasn't busy and the service was great.Food is great every time I go and the staff is so helpful and kind. The curry was amazing and even the lunch portions are enough to share or take home for secondsCame for lunch with my coworkers. We all ordered some form of a noodle dish. We were served a fried roll and hot and sour soup before our entrees - not sure if this was included in lunch regularly or just a nice freebie? Either way, we weren't charged for it and free always tastes great! Anyhow, all of our noodle dishes (pad thai and pad see ew) were AWESOME! Absolutely zero complaints. Portion size for lunch was generous, I had enough leftover to box (which was later stolen out of the work fridge - I hope that person chokes on my "Thai hot" request). 
The restaurant was clean. Had good natural lighting. Modern decor. Wait staff was attentive and friendly. I would definitely come back.Great food. Take-out or eat in, nice clean place. Very friendly staff. The beef Pad See Ew rocks.Two days before Chrismas, with shopping all had
I was craving some Thai food and craving it bad
I thought of my options,  thinking with care,
In hopes that green curry soon would be there.
Our stomachs were settled about what was ahead
While visions of spring-roll danced in their heads.
And mamma in her 'kerchief, and I in my beret,
Set out together for a mid-winter forray.
We went down Carrollton where streetcars do clatter,
And stopped at Thai Mint to each get a platter
Seated by the window, waiter quick as a flash,
We opened our menus to choose a good hash.
The curry on the rice was green and yummy,
The chicken and eggplant felt good in my tummy.
When, on my mother's plate should appear,
But a noodle and chicken dish she said was quite dear.
With a little gratis soup and roll, it was good,
And the entrees so big we brought food back to our hood.
We could but exclaim, as we drove out of sight,
"Happy Christmas to all, and more Thai for tonight!"I loved Thai Mint. Their Pad Thai has a kick too it, but it's so good that you won't even mind. Service can be a little slow if it's busy, but the food makes up for it!Absolutely fantastic, authentic thai cuisine. I just moved to the area and have already been twice, and am currently plotting my next meal! Crazy good! My all time favorite is the yellow curry dishI've eaten Thai food all over this wide world, and I think that Thai Mint is fabulous. It's a little too dark in the restaurant at night but that's okay. Try the chicken satay, you will not be disappointed. I had the yellow curry for entree. It was delicious. I tend to love the spicy but the curry wasn't. However, the waiter brought some dry thai heat and that did the trick. Overall I would highly recommend this place.I really loved the prior That restaurant here, Basil Leaf Thai, and I'm sad its gone as their hot and sour soup was one of my favorite things in the city.  This new Thai spot also has a good hot and sour soup but its much more similar to La Thai's (which is also one of my favorites).  The food here is generally pretty good and it is certainly one of the top Thai spots in the area.  The service can be inconsistent but is usually adequate.  I've heard good things about their lunch specials and wish I could get into the area to try them but in the meantime I've had some enjoyable dinners here.Great server but...no bell peppers means I don't want any.  FAIL.  I know I am only one guy but this spot is off my list until summer.Really enjoy this place. It's never full when I come in for lunch. The staff is friendly and the Basil Chicken never disappoints.Very good Thai food with prompt service and fair prices... you cannot go wrong here.  A nice surprise was the hot and sour soup included with the meal was some of the best I've ever had.I've been really sick the past few days, and I got the Tom yum soup for to go from here, and it was delicious! Service was super fast, and they were really nice. Soup was delicious and not so overwhelmingly spicy that I couldn't enjoy it. The perfect amount of spice! Delicious, definitely will be coming back!Their lunch menu is very affordable, and lunch plates come with a cup of hot & sour soup and a crispy spring roll. Great service and awesome food!Pad thai with chicken and ginger tilapia were both delicious.  Pleasantly surprised by the small egg roll and very good sweet & sour soup that came with the lunch.  Everything was fresh and served quickly.  Portion size is perfect for eating in the restaurant (no leftovers).Thai yellow curry is good, tho it could be more aromatic and spicier. Service is ok. They could interact with customers more instead of just checking out and pouring iced waterAn absolutely solid Thai place. I usually get the Pad Kee Mao, very flavorful, and they make it a little spicier for me. I haven't been able to sweat off of it (I'm a HUGE spicy food junkie), but it has a little kick. It's reasonably priced, and you won't be disappointed.
The only reason it's not 5 stars is because it's just not that amazing. But it's darn good!Yummmmmm best thai food in New Orleans !! Basil fried rice and pad thai are awesome !I've been here a few times. The Pad Thai is delicious, some of the best I've had. The curries are solid, and the basil eggplant is always tasty. This is a nice family run joint with one waiter. This has become the only Thai place I go to in New Orleans - good price to quantity ratio and consistent food. One of my few complaints is that it is often too cold inside.
Overall, very solid Thai food and the price is right.As a vegetarian, I absolutely love that you can get any of the dishes on the menu in a vegan or vegetarian version. I tried the pad thai (which was more sweet than spicy) and my husband got the curry noodles (both with tofu)., and we both couldn't decide which dish that we liked better. They were both delicious. But, our favorite of the night was the tempura tofu appetizer. So, so good. The only thing we'd do differently next time is to split an entree since it ended up being a ton of food.Finally a good Thai restaurant! The lunch special has great prices and comes with spring roll and hot and sour soup. This location is out of my way but I'd  gladly drive out or m way to come here! Loved the shrimp pad Thai and Thai fried rice.Really not a fan - I got the steamed dumplings, pad Thai and tom yum chicken soup. I guess though, you get what you pay for? Then again this all costed almost $30 and I ended up throwing most of it away! The soup was very thick and too salty. The pad Thai was OKAY just nothing special, and the dumplings were very doughy and undercooked. Will probably not go here again.I've had better pad Thai but the cashew nut chicken is a good flavorful substantial meal. I'm Still trying to find great Thai restaurants in New OrleansIt is a small clean place. I had the green curry, it had a wonderful creamy sauce with a very little spice. We also got a complementary cup of hot n sour soup and an egg roll, both very tasty.I ordered take out and honestly it was a waste of money. The $10 salad barely covered a plate, there was no dressing. The large soup was twice as much as the small and the container was only half full. The only things inside their Tom Kha were a handful of enoki mushrooms and some bland boiled chicken. How do you manage to mess up edamame with salt?! Edamame had not any salt on it. Will not be ordering or eating here again. HARD PASS.This is my second time visiting Thai Mint, but this time I came in for lunch. I had no idea they had a specific lunch menu and was pleasantly surprised by the relatively low prices. This time I thought I would try something new and tried the Basil Eggplant. Although the only options on the menu for the "meat" are shrimp, pork, beef, or chicken, they are accommodating to customers dietary restrictions and have vegan and vegetarian options. So in this case, I substituted the meat with fried tofu and extra vegetables. Perfect amount of food for a great price and they even start you off with a soup (unfortunately not vegan) and fried spring roll! I think I were prefer to have a lighter appetizer like a small salad or a raw spring roll to balance out the heaviness of the main order. 
I definitely will be back again! Accommodating and quick service, great food, and a very comfortable dining area!Very nice staff, but the food leaves a lot to be desired. It's good, just not very authentic. I think maybe they can't get the right ingredients? Dishes are a little too sugary.Although there are Thai options that are closer to home here on the Westbank, Thai Mint on S Carrollton is so good, I am willing to cross that bridge for it!
I always judge Thai restaurants by their pad woo sen, which is my favorite dish of this type of cuisine.  Thai Mint's is by far the best out of all the ones that I have tried at other restaurants.  It always come out steaming hot and is chock full of all the veggies and lots of chicken, which is my protein of choice.  
The dining room is small but cozy and large picture windows at the front of the restaurant afford fabulous views of the avenue and the passing streetcars. The staff is always very welcoming and the food is always brought out in a timely fashion.
The ONLY issue that I have with this place is the parking,which is on-street (and some of these streets tend to stretch into rather shady-looking neighborhoods).  
Trivial complaints aside, when a pad woo sen craving hits, Thai Mint is always sure to satisfy!I went the other day since my good friend started working there. I was pleasantly surprised by the nice ambiance and the aesthetic presentation of the food. My friend and I ordered the Green Curry and the Pad Thai. The food came out quickly and looked amazing. I HIGHLY recommend this Thai restaurant, probably the best Thai food I've had since coming to New Orleans.Their pad thai was terrible. I even tried to give it the benefit of the doubt and take it home and try it the next day...still terrible. The coconut/lemongrass soup was pretty good. Seating arrangement was a bit odd and crowded. 
I won't be going back here. There are too many other Thai places to try. The university students can keep this one.I was really impressed with this place, especially considering that we had no plans for Valentine's Day and just kind of walked in. We ordered the fried spring rolls and the fresh spring rolls. Both were good. I ordered the Thai Garlic Shrimp, and my girlfriend ordered the Chicken Pad Thai. Both were excellent. The only downside was the lack of personal space in the restaurant, but the service was great, and the waitress was a sweetheart. She was even nice enough to correct my pronunciation when I murdered every attempt at pronouncing the items I ordered off the menu. What really impressed me was the atmosphere (despite the cramped table space). There were roses and candles on the table. The lighting was on point, and the mural on the wall was well painted. It ended up being a successful gamble on V-day dinner. I don't think the place is a 5, but if I could, I would give it 4.5.I went to have dinner here for the first time and it wasn't bad. It's a small restaurant and they cannot accommodate parties of 6+. I was sat behind the host stand which was a table for 2. They do have a few tables for outdoor seating as well, but it was too hot and humid for me to be sitting outside. There were 2 servers on the floor and it wasn't too busy yet. I ordered everything when my server came so he didn't have to come back to take my entree order. I ordered a Thai Iced Tea and a water. I really wanted the Thai Cucumber Salad, but they were out, I was sad because that's what I wanted, so I ordered the Beef Salad. It was ok, but not my favorite, it was a little too sweet for my taste. I've worked in a Thai restaurant for years and I've never had a Beef Salad that tasted like that. I also ordered the Tom Kha Gai (Coconut Chicken Soup) and that was good. For my entree, I ordered Pad See Ew with chicken and that hit the spot for me. It was good and not dry. I did like that my server asked if I wanted hot sauce before I even asked him. To top it off, I ordered the Khao Nieo Mamuang (Mango and Sticky Rice) and the mango was perfect! In all, I enjoyed my dinner. I hope that next time I come back, they'll have the Thai cucumber salad.Good food. Great atmosphere. Nice staff. Try hot and sour soup, drunken noodles, spicy fried rice, curry..Delicious. Went there Saturday evening. We were there only customer when we arrived. The service was excellent. The basil chicken and shrimp pad Thai was delicious. The spring rolls were perfect. 
We will definitely be going there again. I had enough to take some home and couldn't wait til lunch the next day to enjoy it. I ate the rest that night and we will have it again by next week. Sooooo good.I came in during dinner hours with a friend and we ordered our food to go. I got the chicken Mussaman curry and my friend ordered the Spicy Thai Basil Fried Rice. While we were waiting, a friendly waitress sat us at the bar and brought us glasses of water. I noticed that it is a small restaurant but with nice decor and very good service. After 10 minutes the food was ready and we paid and left. The curry was not as flavorful as I expected and the potatoes outweighed the other ingredients but it was overall okay. The fried rice on the other hand was well cooked and seasoned and worth the $15. I definitely will return to Thai Mint in the future and try some different items on the menu.I ordered the Spicy Catfish Curry to go.  When I arrived home I found what appeared to be half cooked frozen fish sticks (the coating on the fish was still white showing no evidence of being pan or deep fried) on a bed of shredded bamboo shoots, red & green peppers and carrots - that's it.   Not at all what I expected for $16!   If I wasn't so tired I would've returned to the restaurant  for a refund. This is my second disappointing experience, I won't eat here again.Great stop off the St Charles trolly line.  Ate dinner here and had good service and a nice atmosphere.  Thai mint fresh rolls were ok but the cashew nut chicken was to die for.  Medium spice and it was perfect.  Sticky rice was also delicious.  Overall a great experience.Tonight was my first time eating here and it was all very delicious!  We had the fried dumplings, the tum yum soup (amazing), I had seafood kee mow and my husband had the curry noodles. Everything was amazing. I have no complaints on the food. Service was a little slow but everyone was extremely nice, so it didn't bother me. I definitely recommend eating here.This was my first time visiting Thai Mint and I was very impressed. The service was great and very fast. Food was delicious and hot. Very reasonably priced! Will return!!Tom Yum Soup.... Delish!!!! Everything @ Thai Mint is really tasty &  has great flavor!Food is delicious, however they NEVER pick up their phone when I "attempt" to call in a pick-up order.We received prompt, courteous service. The food was good and not dried out. The portion sizes were good and reasonably priced.When I ate here the other night, the place was totally empty, and I can't figure out why. The place is clean and has a nice ambiance, and the staff was really friendly. I had the shrimp delight, and it was... well, delightful. In fact, all the food at our table came out fresh and tasty.  Lesser Thai places will serve food that appears at least partially pre-prepared, but it was clear that everything was cooked to order, and it all tasted great. Hopefully more people will frequent this place, as it is worth the stop.Dine here many times, food is always great, friendly staffs and cool place to dine. Lunch portion is perfect size for one, and dinner portion is big portion enough to share for two people. There is no Wifi, your phone signal might got lost so you might want to sit closer to the entrance to get signal lolI really haven't had much luck finding a favorite Thai joint that makes a really good pad thai in NOLA.  I've eaten at Thai Mint on several occasions.  Their service has always been very friendly, but their pad thai has never quite hit that salty-sweet-sour balance I'm longing for when I get the hunger pangs.  However, their curries are what I come back for, especially the panang.  Thai Mint is also very accommodating offering a vegan/vegetarian version of most (or maybe it was all) of their dishes.  They will even ask you if eggs are okay.One of my favorite Thai places in uptown Nola. The food was flavorful and the service is good. It isn't as good as the street vendors in Thailand but it's better than any Thai restaurant I've tried in New Orleans.I had a craving for Thai curry and the red curry here definitely hit the spot. Sooooo good!!!!!Awesome Thai food here. Service is usually okay - not bad but not great. The dishes here rival the Thai on the Northshore (always found it odd that the NS had such good Thai). I recommend Pad Kee Mao and any of their curry dishes. Can't really go wrong there. They have a nice Thai tea as well. Check this joint out!These people say they close at 9, even on weekends. But if you show up or call in after 8:30 they won't serve you. Seriously people? Its freaking 8:30 on a Friday & you won't seat me? The food is good but after 2 trips there when they wouldn't even make us takeout because it was 15-30 minutes BEFORE they closed, I give up. You these people don't want your money.Amazing food and great waitress. Very authentic food with amazing flavor. The waitress brought out a sample of hot and sour soup which was to die for. Pleased with my experience at this hidden gem.The cheese rolls(read crab rangoons) had great flavor but came out cold in the center.  The bf had Thai garlic and he said that it had a good flavor but used a decent amount of spice to add more of kick.  I had the panang curry and was pretty disappointed.  The veggies were crisp and the shrimp were decent sized bit the curry sauce was severely under seasoned and had a significant coconut milk taste vice the panang curry sweetness I have come to love.  Dad ordered the pad Thai hoping for the same scale as basil leaf that once graced this corner.  IMO, find somewhere else.All across the board, Thai Mint does a very good job. They make great drinks, appetizers, and entrees. Their dishes in my opinion contain the perfect amount of spice needed in a thai dish. Not to mention, they give you A LOT of food. I recommend the Pad Kee Mao over the Pad Thai. Also, get the spring rollscame here on a saturday at 12:30. online hours and the posted hours on the door clearly stated they should have been open. we arrived and they were closed. odd.Friendly staff, fresh vegetables and tasty meal.. will be back when I have time to dine in and select additional items from the menu.