Parked right in front pay to park is FREE after 7pm. I was shocked PLEASANTLY about the upscale menu and the moderate prices. Happy Hour until 8pm. Mon-Fri 5-8pm. $2 martinis you call it $5 Wines & $2 Manhattans 
We had a thing with the carrots $9.00, get them they are cooked al dente and packed with flavor! It's a homemade BBQ Rub for sure. 7/5
Duck Tacos $12.50 i enjoyed it 3/5 I think if they added fresh herbs and some goat cheese or did something more with the duck it would really sing  
Grilled Chesse w/ thin sliced pear , Brie, Bacon, Rosemary Butter on toasted Sourdough Bread. 
This kitchen and Chef has some heart  they aim to please and respect the ingredients and what they want you to enjoy. The chef personally delivered each dish. That says something. Definitely will come back/drive across town/get a Lyft. LolNot super popular yet, but I can see that it will be up and coming! The staff is WONDERFUL. So great! Will be definitely be revisiting!Drinks were good and food is ok but wow is the service slow! It wasn't even very busy and it took 20-30 minutes to get a drinkWhat a great find in Uptown.  The place has only been open a few months and they are still working out a few service kinks, but the staff was incredibly friendly and the food and drinks were fantastic.
I had a chicken sandwich that was as good as any I've ever had.  Others with us had duck sandwiches, brie grilled cheese...
Their pretzel bites were also top notch.
Big comfortable upstairs with a nice pool table, good looking bar.
We had a group of 13 so we sat out on the upstairs porch.  A nice breeze and a full moon made it a great night to be with family in a comfortable environment.
People need to go to this place more often.  Uptown needs a spot like the library.  We'll definitely return on our next visit.An amazing concoction of drinks and wonderful service. If you are visiting New Orleans, this is definitely a stop that should be made! Would recommend to everyone!We found this restaurant by accident, and couldn't be happier. We started with a spicy bloody mary using their infused vodka, quickly followed by off-menu onion rings made by the house chef. Scotch eggs and a shared cajun bbq sausage sandwich, plus beers from their huge tap selection rounded out the meal. This place is gorgeous and comfy, the bartenders are friendly and make a mean drink, and it was a great place to hang out for an afternoon.Amazing craft cocktails and the food is great- try the sliders. I love the vibe and the staff. They have tons of events lined up that I'll definitely be checking out. Super excited to have this new spot!The staff, atmosphere, drinks and food were phenomenal. They have great happy hour specials with a fun atmosphere! They have pool tables and a fooseball table that can keep your crowd entertained. It's also a great place to lounge and hangout with music loud enough to have a conversation. I  also love their balcony and outside seating area for those cooler days.Didn't take any pics but this place is great! It's huge and it is great for groups. The owner was super sweet. The drink deals are ridiculous! There is couches and pool and corn hole. Grab a friend and 20 bucks and have a great time!Came here for a friend's birthday. House DJ played great music all night. Get the gummy worm shot, it's so fun. Had a blast! Drinks were cheap as well. Can't wait to come backThe staff helped me at the last minute put together a private area with food and drinks for a 40th birthday party.  Everyone loved the food and the environment.  I will definitely be back for some of the weekly specials.We went here on a Saturday afternoon and were the only people there. The waitress/bartender was very nice and her service was the only redeeming quality. We ordered cocktails which took a while then the caprese salad, Philly cheesesteak and duck tacos. Caprese was ok. The cheese steak was ground beef with a piece of cheese on top (unmelted): Quite weird. The duck tacos took about 20 minutes longer than the other food which they apologized for. I wouldn't have minded the wait but the tacos were first slathered in sweet potato then sweet onions and sauce and I'm not sure there was any duck on them. Not good. Won't be going back nor recommending to friends.This place is adorable and perfect for a private party or fundraiser. My first visit was to attend a friend's all white themed celebration which was held in the private room upstairs.  Loved the layout which includes several couches and a bar area with seating. 
The liquor package was confusing in that, I ordered a rum punch with no specific rum type and was charged for an Appleton Rum upgrade. Idk what is different about Appleton and didn't ask for it. ***shrugs .... The drink itself was $9.75 but items like Tito's & a few other items chosen by the host were free. 
From what I can tell, you're allowed to bring in food and select entertainment.Horrible experience, kitchen manager is very rude and racist with horrible customer service skills.WARNING: to all of you beer drinkers out there- only come to this place if you are ready to fall in love. I have frequented many (many) bars in NOLA and never have I ever had a beer so cold. Not to mention there are 32 (yes 32) drafts to choose from. Also, the chicken sliders were something from a dream- so crispy with a tangy slaw, definitely exceeded my expectations. I will be returning. I mean once you've seen the promise land you can't go back to drinking warm domestics.This place is great!! I can see this place becoming a new staple in the NOLA bar scene. Pro Tip: go to the second floor and play pool for free!! Plenty cold beer on tap and good food. After you hit superior for dinner go grab a drink here.I got a few weird looks when I told my coworkers they could get a drink at "The Library." Seriously though this spot is legit.  Crisp,clean intentior. Books abound. & yes you can read them.  Christian, one of the bartenders, actually brought me a neat astrology book to read through.
The food is fresh. The grilled cheese was on point. The mocktail I had was delightfully refreshing.
They also do Drag Brunch every other Sunday. I hear it's a real good time. & I believe they will be starting Burlesque Brunch every other Saturday as well. & they have "study hall" which is their take on happy hour, if you want to catch some discounted drinks and noms.Was not pleased with my experience. The food was just ok, the service mediocre, and the bar smelled like rotten eggs. Maybe it was just an off day but I probably won't go back.The Library is a new spot worth checking out. They have happy hour from 5-8pm which is perfect when getting off late and not having to fight traffic which I would for their $2 martinis.
The atmosphere and decor is very cool & upstairs there's a bar open balcony and pool table. Downstairs they also have video poker machines to keep you occupied while you wait. Looks like it would be perfect for hosting a event possibly.
I had the farmers market sandwich it was   very light but the portobello mushroom along with the zucchini made the sandwich. The staff was very helpful too. I plan on returning to taste other items & for happy hour soon.Party party and more party! In the morning when I walk by from work its never opened and when I get off the same thing so I never expected much but on Nyx Parade Wednesday I was in for a surprise after walking by after work heading to put my stuff down I said ill walk by and give it a try and wasn't left down. 
The two story spilt live club is really nice downstairs is more chill and upstairs is where the party is at! Since its was during the parade they had a special parade menu which was great! I decided to get the Library Lemonade and it came in this cool like pouch reminded me of a capri sun. While I was in there the music got me I hear the tune of Ari Lenox shea butter and I knew I would be back for more. Walked out and then went back the to parade but I didn't feel my drink and so of course I was like lets head back to the bar. Well, this time I got the hurricane (cliche) and oh I could taste the bottom-shelf liquor. But not the point I was trying to have a good time along the parade route and they where making sure of just that. Cant keep drinking without a little something to eat  so I decided to a get slice of pizza and it surely did the job I enjoyed every bit of it.  Had such a blast i brought my friends back sunday for bacchuss music was nice i mean im more hip-hop and where there had momements the later it got i only heard house music and i cant only handle so much pop yes but house no! 
ill stop by again cool little vibe i wonder how it be since parade season is over.There was a large party, so service was super slow. Took about 15 min to get our drink order and probably 45 min for food to come out. I got the chicken sandwich, and when I cut it open, it was raw in the middle. They brought out another sandwich fairly quickly. We were charged full price for our meal.This is a great new place that opened a couple of weeks ago.  It's 2 story building has a great decor and Library vibe and the food is delicious.Best bar so far great service and good food. Love the scenery and warm hospitality. Good location off the parade route check it putI've been looking for a Monte Cristo sandwich for I don't know how long so when I came across their menu I saw that they had Monte Cristo. I did get it delivered and it was pretty tasty. I think I would rather ordered this when I'm actually in the restaurant, next time.Pool and LOCAL draft beer? What more could you ask for? Perfect spot to kick back and relax.I really enjoyed hanging out at The Library via the Official Yelp Elite Event. 
Obsessed with their food offerings and spin on their drinks. I got to experience my 1st Cucumber Gimblet here and I will say the bartender definitely knew what she was doing when it can to the mixing of this drink. Definitely tasty and crisp! 
The fried pickles were probably the best I have tried at a bar thus far.
I suggest hanging out upstairs at the bar which is pretty outstanding when it comes to decor. There are plenty of couches and even a pool table, which was free! Such a legit hangout spot. 
They have a Happy Hour: Mon-Fri 5-8pm. $2 martinisGreat food and entertainment! The drinks and shots were very creative and delicious! The food was also great. Creative menu!This is my favorite place in NOLA! Gawd in heaven I could live on the grilled cheese and wings. The cook himself came to deliver it to us. The staff is friendly and I wish I could live here. The wings are perfect. The bloody mary's are ON POINT. Don't  miss out on this hidden gem.Walked into this place after a pretty disappointing meal at restaurant up the street.  Downstairs bar kind of trashy looking and the bathrooms smelled funny which made us think it was a hole in the wall type place, but the upstairs bar was something out of a magazine for bars.  Couches, recliners and pool table (which was free).  They have a balcony too, although it was kind of dark when we went.  Two of the three fan lights were out.  Pretty sophisticated drink list, and pretty decent draft beer selection.  Mike the bartender had us rolling with stories from his hometown Chicago all night.  Food was pretty good too, although the chicken tenders looked like they had been reheated.  Dark brown color, but tasted ok for Chicken tenders.
This place is obviously new, but we'll definitely be back next time we're in town.Great cocktails and service, little in the way of books - so not super in-theme. Amazing bartender! Definitely will return!My go to spot after a long day of work... The happy hour is the best! The servers are awesome as wel!Nice place to hang out with friends. It was pretty late & I was starving. It was perfect because they close at 3:00 A.M. on weekends. It was my boyfriend's birthday. Why not bring in his birthday with the house shots (olive/vodka mix for Bloody Mary). The food is expensive. We enjoyed the food tho. There's a outside patio upstairs. Pool table & couches. Clean space...I absolutely loved the scenery. It has a low key vibe that makes me want to hang out there all the time. This was my 2nd stop of that night and so wish I had gone there first. I was full so I only had the bacon and beer. I've already planned my next trip there. The waitresses were very attentive and the bartender answered all my questions. Very friendly.This place is nothing short of amazing. Great vibe. Great drinks. AMAZING food. The staff is cool and makes you feel at home!! Forever coming here!Great cocktail lounge with delicious small plates.  Awesome service.  Nice atmosphere with a balcony overlooking Prytania St.This place was absolutely underwhelming.  Some friends and I decided to go here during college football.  The place is pretty easy to find.  We went upstairs to the bar and sat down on the rail for a few drinks and some food.  The knowledge of the staff was ok when it came to their beer selection, there is a lack of knowledge when it comes to cocktails and spirits.  The place was very loud despite only having 15-20 people in it, but it was a big football game so I can understand that part.  However, even the music outside on the patio was exceptionally loud and made it near impossible to carry on a conversation.
We were told about some happy hour specials and ordered the zucchini sticks and pretzel bites.  There was only one other couple eating in the bar, so I can't imagine the kitchen wasn't all that busy.  With that being said the food took nearly 20 minutes to show up. The zucchini sticks had a great crispy batter on the outside but were otherwise bland.  The dipping sauce was pretty decent but was in very short supply. The sauce was served in a 1oz ramekin along side 20 or more large zucchini sticks.  The pretzel bites suffered from a similar issues, roughly 30 pretzel bites for an 1oz of cheese.  The cheese sauce had been sitting for a bit as a thick skin had developed on top of it.  Overall the bites were good, but the sauce lacked anything resembling flavor.
I asked for additional sauces, again this took the better part of 10 minutes and the cheese showed up with the same stale skin on top.  The real issue came when I received the bill... I was charged full price for both appetizers and for the additional sauces.  When I brought this up, the bartender told me that he assumed I wanted the full size portions instead of the happy hour portions that he told us about. There was no attempt made to correct the confusion and I was expected to pay full price since I received the larger portions.  Secondly, is it really happy hour pricing if you are charging a lower price for smaller portions?  As far as the sauce goes, it should be painfully obvious that there is just not enough being served and out of courtesy customers should be warned they'll be charged for extra.
In general, if you want a cold beer... you're pretty safe here.  Otherwise, there are many far better establishments in New Orleans.Had to remove a photo because they've updated their menu. This bar is really special! It's funny to think I was the first to review it and now it's poppin lol. The craft cocktails and so well made and have cute literary puns so it ties the theme together well. The bartenders are attentive and know what their doing. I've met the owner, Ella, before and she is so authentic and really cares about her customers. I know this place is about to blow up for Mardi Gras so I'll be excited to visit again soon!!I think I'm going to like it here.  Brand new, only opened right before Mardi Gras, so it could be too early to tell. The location and ambiance is wonderful. Very cute theme- books everywhere and a cozy upstairs seating area. They have plenty of draft and perfect craft cocktails. I personally love the Cajun Martini or "Bloody Marie Laveau". Haven't had their food yet but it reflects the area well in both selection and prices. Like I said, it just opened so it's still pretty unheard of in the area and therefore pretty deserted, even on a Friday night. But it honestly seems like it could turn into a great neighborhood hangout and I'm happy to come again, and bring some friends.Always a great time here!
Love the cool atmosphere and drinks!
The fries are to die!! I mean, seriously!! 
I want to go back this weekend and sit on the beautiful patio.I don't know when this amazing little bar hit Prytania, but I am here for it. They have the best happy hour I have come across in a long time. $2.00 martinis. Yes you read that right. Sorry liver. 
Also, indoor/outdoor seating, great food, and drag brunch. I truly don't understand why this place isn't slammed 100% of the time. 
Oh, best part: the drinks are literary puns. My favorite is the Tequila Mockingbird.This place is definitely just too cute. Very clean establishment and modernized. I love how they had a nice library theme going on. The first floor was okay, but once you go upstairs you have a DJ playing with a nice bar layout as well as a balcony area to chill and drink with friends. The bartender was very lovely and outgoing as well. I ordered the Pimms cup I HIGHLY recommended getting it! It contained pimms, strawberry cucumber cordial, fresh lemon and lime juices, and ginger beer. It was very refreshing and also not too fruity tasting, but you can definitely taste how light the strawberry is in the drink. My friend also had the cat's cradle and that was way too sour for my liking. Other than that, I would definitely be coming back!Went last night. Loved the $1 beer specials. Especially having Michelob for $1. The pimms cup was really good, too. The bartenders were sweet heart. Not your typical bar, but definitely a cool place to hang out.  Only weird thing was hearing people say the place was haunted & had ghosts in iWhenever I ask people if they want to go to The Library with me, they don't expect a bar. I've only been here a few times and want to share my thoughts with y'all. 
Drinks: I usually get wine but ordered two cocktails the last time I went. The first, Gone With The Pimm, was way too sweet for my liking and tasted as though there was no alcohol whatsoever. I couldn't finish it. The second, Tequila Mockingbird, was delicious. It was with spicy tequila and packed a punch! 
Food: the pretzel bites are good but I don't recommend the cheese sauce - it is chunky and suspicious. The grilled cheese sounded much better than it tasted. The caprese salad, like everywhere you get it, was good. It was nice to have something refreshing after all the other carb-heavy menu items. 
Ambiance: it's hard to say what the noise level is usually like. The first time it was pleasant and not too loud. Last time I was there, I couldn't even hear the person next to me speak - WAY too noisy. 
In general, I'd give this place a chance. I'll definitely be back for the happy hour!This place has been open for a bit but I recently got to eat some of their bar food. The bar is up the stairs and pass the awesome owl painting. I tell you what, I was not disappointed. I could eat their wings ALL DAY along with their fried pickles. Their drinks are literary puns which I'm a sucka for puns. The spinach dip was pippin hot and very yummy. It isn't a lit bar but it has a nice patio and is very chill.Love this place! Great atmosphere, the bartender was super nice, food and drinks were Amazing.We visited the spot because it seemed really cool and popular. Honestly, I've seen on IG multiple times and I was just a wee bit curious about how the drinks and the food really were. So on a late night hunger tip, we ended up cruising down Prytania to visit. The verdict? I was pleasantly surprised. I thought it would be kind of a novelty joint: coming from the East Coast, I'm used to a lot of these pop-up bars that look *really* cute for pictures (those do-it-for-the-gram spots)... but the food and the drinks are overpriced and usually leave you wanting more. 
So at the Library, I wasn't surprised that the decor was really cute, but it was time to put the food and drink to the test. We ended up ordering the Monte Cristo sandwich. This ish was BOMB. Like, I have no other words for it except that I will go back and eat there every day if my grad school budget would/could allow for it (hint: it would not but I'd still go). The drinks kind a left me wanting. We tried their take on the Pimm's cup; a Pimm's isn't that creative, so I didn't think much of it but it was still a good drink that accompanied the sandwich. 
Overall, this is a cute spot for happy hour, a date or what have you. Glad to see NO getting more trendy spots in the city.The staff here is great: very friendly and great service! Love the drinks and the to go options. Pro tip: be sure to check out the upstairs.Literally one of the rudest people I've ever met is at your front door. I'll remember this and I'm never coming back would give no stars if I couldCame here for happy hour drinks and the service was terrible. The bartender was extremely rude. She basically threw our food on our table. We were using the drinker's edition app and it said that The Library was doing a free appetizer of pretzel bites or the waffle fries. After showing the bartender this deal, she very rudely told us that they were only doing the etouffee for the deal. My friend went to another employee and they said they would be glad to do it for us. I never post any negative reviews but the service here was so unbelievably rude.Love the vibe here! I've been here for a few Saints game when I don't want to deal with the overwhelming crowds associated at some outdoor bars. Aside from saints games the happy hour is pretty great and lasts until 8 PM (yay!!!!). Sometimes they have a DJ. The only thing is that I'm not a big fan of the food or the food prices. Eat before you get here. But definitely pay them a visit!Very disappointing! Came here around 2pm to find out they didn't open til 5. Came back at 11 pm to find out some company rented out the entire place and we couldn't come in until 12:30! When we were here earlier there was nothing posted mentioning the party. You should have the bottom downstairs open! Too bad we didn't get to try anything.The library is a really cool spot to just chill with your friends, or if you just want to chill alone. There's a pool table. A balcony where you can drink or dine. The prices are outrageous. Over the summer was my first time going to the library. This was late night so it was great because most places are closed. The food was good. Back then I had the chicken tenders (now is no longer on the menu). This time I tried the fried chicken sliders with pickles. The sliders were not cooked. They re did it was a little bit better. Next time I come here it will definitely be during happy hour.I think I'm going to like it here.  Brand new, only opened right before Mardi Gras, so it could be too early to tell. The location and ambiance are wonderful. Very cute theme- books everywhere and a cozy upstairs seating area. They have plenty of draft and what looks like to be craft cocktails. Haven't had their food yet but it reflects the area well in both selection and prices. Like I said, it just opened so it's still pretty unheard of in the area and therefore pretty deserted even on a Friday night. But it honestly seems like it could turn into a great neighborhood hangout and I'm happy to come again, and bring some friendThey seem to generally only have the upstairs bar open most of the time these days.  I have seen this location change names and owners several times and I had just never actually made it inside as it always seemed deserted.  I finally saw some folks at this bar one night when I was out doing a pub crawl with an out of town pal so we stopped off in here and it was pleasantly surprising.  They do have an actual library study type ambiance upstairs along with a decently sized balcony patio.  The bar is a large one and they have a decent selection of draft beers.  Overall this is a nice spot but it still seems to rarely get a crowd.The Library wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either.  The beer selection was OK, but they only had a few IPA's, and half of their taps appeared unconnected, without tap handles, when I visited. They announce themselves as a gastropub, so I was looking forward to great beer selection and some delicious food, as well.  
We ordered a duck sandwich (I think $14) and Scotch Eggs ($9), and contently sipped our beers...and waited...and waited.  I suspect that they  were actually prepared shortly after placing the orders, but weren't brought out to us for close to an hour, even after asking the bartender to check.  By the time our food arrived, it was cold and congealed.  In The Library's defense, I think it might have tasted good when it was warm--but cold sausage and duck isn't the best at releasing it's flavors.  It's more like waxing your tongue, once the fat has re-solidified.
I appreciated the manager giving us 50% off of the food, but I haven't felt like returning.  $45ish for a few beers, and an unsatisfying meal still seemed like we were paying for more than we got.If only actual libraries were this cool. This place is so chill! Great location right off of Prytania (parking is slim, but street parking is available!) The space upstairs is perfect for a private function also! I had a chill girls night out here with my besties and we were so taken care of!
DO NOT SLEEP ON THE TERIYAKI WINGS OMG
they are fried chicken wings on the outside but holy flavor batman on the inside. We had 2 orders of them they were so damn good. We also had the candied bacon (awesome presentation!), spinach dip, fried pickles, pickled chicken sandwich (second favorite!) and the grilled cheese. 
Drinks are also great here! They are all named after punny literary works. We tried the Gin Erye and it was perfect - which apparently they use a great Japanese gin that's hard to come by (even if you're not a gin drinker try this one!). I'm also a Pimms Cup girl and they made a great one! 
Can't wait to come here for Mardi Gras it's RIGHT off the parade route!Been here a bunch of times because the ambiance and drinks are amazing. The newly rolled out menu can't be beat. The scotch eggs were some of the best I've tried. There are many taps with local beers and a craft cocktail menu that can't be beat. I would highly recommend you check out the upstairs bar. Free pool and lounge seats with a balcony.This review is for 2 different uses of The Library!
1.  Happy Hour--you can't beat it!  Cheap drinks, friendly bartenders, delicious food.  Everything you need in a chic atmosphere.
2.  I planned a private event here recently and was happy! Ella, Aaron, Hillary and the whole team were helpful. The space is beautiful, we brought in minimal decoration.  Lots of street parking. Plenty of space in the upstairs/downstairs and outside terraces for a large group...We had about 125 guests and primarily used the upstairs/inside space which was perfect for our group size and had plenty of space for our small buffet, DJ, art auction and glitter makeup station. The food and drinks were also delicious and very reasonably priced.  I highly recommend The Library for your next event!I was underwhelmed. It has a cool vibe with the whole library/bar thing going on but nothing more than that. Expensive food and drinks, the food took long (i think the bartender forgot) and wasn't that great - the sliders were too greasy. I just couldn't get comfortable here. I gave this place 2 tries, doubt I'll return, not my vibe.4 stars given for just the aesthetics of the place. It's upstairs and you walk into the coziest library den. There's an outdoor balcony patio, a pool table and plenty of cozy places to lounge around in. On Monday's they have $3 sliders all day. I took 1 star away because their food is just okay. There was nothing special about the fries, the fried pickles were pretty good. But overall, not the best bar food I've had. But I would definitely bring friends here, and if you're in town, I would wholeheartedly recommend this place because it has such a great vibe. One last thing, it's all ages so you can bring your kids too! Which is amazing in New OrleansReady to study? Grab a pen and a friend and head on over to the library!
Sidenote: Seriously, I saw two Tulane students studying here during happy hour! Maybe it really is the cooler cousin of an actual library.
You wanna talk about awesome themed bars? The Library needs to fall towards the top of your list. Downstairs has a bar and dine-in seating area but upstairs is where all the studious magic happens...
Aside from the killer light up couches and televisions where you can view the Saints and LSU games (they have some pretty great game day specials, too) the second floor is dedicated to all things lie-berry. There are bookshelves galore, a bar with the most perfect lighting if you're into foodie photos and a few bar game favs, including a pool table! Comfy couches and intimate dimmed lighting create the perfect after hours study sesh vibes. But enough about the views, let's get into the foods.
I'd like to think New Orleans reigns supreme when it comes to bar food. In that case, The Library is a prime example. Pickle chicken sliders, cheese fries and candied bacon are some of my favs, but their chicken wings are now added to my Favorite Wings list. Move over regular degular buffalo, The Library has buffalo ranch wings! Juicy and the perfect size. Plus, the sauce isn't completely drenching the wings, but they are all coated and tossed in well. 
But what's a bar without drink talk? Here are some of my favorite sips from this spot, all happy hour favs:
Fahrenheit 75: brandy, sparkling, lemon juice and simple syrup
- light and sweet but it packs a punch!
Tequila Mockingbird: house-infused jalapeno tequila, agave, orange liquor, fresh lime juice
- one of the most interesting drinks I've ever had. the jalapeno tequila actually adds a nice and unconventional kick to this sip.
Gone with the Pimm: pimms, strawberry cucumber cordial, house-made sweet and sour, ginger beer
- more on the fruitier side, the ginger beer pairs well with the cucumber flavor.
Anne of Green Apples:
Listen, by this time I was LIT so I have no recollection of what was in this drink. However, it was a very light apple flavor, not overwhelming or super sweet. Quite naturally, a nice drink to close out your happy hour.
Overall, this place has a pretty chill vibe, depending on the time you go, of course. I would recommend it for happy hour for sure. A nice spot to go alone or even with a smaller group.We came here a few hours after our plane landed as we were on the lookout for a bar with food. The burgers and candied bacon did not disappoint and were a hit with everyone. Bartenders are also super nice here!Went here with some friends to grab a drink and a bite to eat after one of the Mardi Gras parades.
Let's just say that the drinks here are a lot better than the food. Their fried chicken was basically just like the kind you might find at a minor league baseball game--so pretty lackluster. That being said, their fries were good and one of the sandwiches we had wasn't bad, but this is nothing more than bar bites to munch on as your drinking.