Stop, DO NOT GO HERE!!!!! 
Oh where do I begin.
First, we had to wait for a hostess as she was busy talking with her friends, then she walks to the stand, no acknowledgement, she simply picked up two menus and walked away, and then after she walked away she looked back with a mean face like we were stupid and should have known to follow her, we were seated without her saying a word.  We were seated in fact by the General Manager John and his family, and had the pleasure of watching him and his family enjoy multiple waiters and heaping plates of food.  While we waited for service. 
After 30 min a waitress approached us and asked us if we had been waited on, we said no, and she said she wasn't sure if we were her table, she left and came back 10 min later and apologized and said she was our waitress.  We ordered drinks and off she went, 10 min later she was back with drinks, Be aware you will pay for water, 2.00 per bottle.  The bloody mary $14.00 was drinkable but nothing special.  We then ordered our entree's I ordered the Crawfish ettouffee and my fiance ordered a bowl of gumbo and the taste of new orleans which was Jambalaya, Etouffee, and redbeans.  Listen I cant stress this enough we grew up on the gulf coast we understand how Gumbo and the other dishes are supposed to taste, if your not from the area you have no idea, so to you it might be good, but let me tell you the food was horrible, the etouffee had no flavor and the gumbo's roux was watery and again had no flavor. The rest of the food was simply not good.  We had purchased a groupon for this place and that included a dessert and so we ordered the bread pudding, again it was horrible, it was tough and rubbery. 
That was it, we had had it, so we asked to speak with John the general manager, 20 seconds into our conversation he basically dismissed us and said dont worry ill take care of the meal, while that was generous that wasn't really what we wanted to hear, we continued to try and explain our issues, he then got extremely rude, explained that he was the GM for a multi million dollar operation and if things were that bad, the restaurant wouldn't make it, I disagree, they have a fantastic location on the river in the riverwalk center, and there are plenty of unaware tourist that pay his bills.  He even told me to contact the owner that he would tell me the same thing.  I have yet to do so but im curious as to what his response will be.  
The only pleasure I received from the meal was watching countless customers get up and walk out after not receiving service and the fact that I personally was able to turn away 2 groups saving them from a horrible experience.
Take my warning to heart, bad food, bad service, bad management.Awful tourist trap. My Caesar was drenched in dressing and lackluster. My crab cakes had large pieces of crab shell in them and were terribly tasting. I had to spit my food out and send it back. Service was slow. Took 15 minutes for my waitress to bring me a water. 
I would find another restaurant to eat in the area. 
One star for the live music.Plenty of time to write this review as I sit and wait for our meal here! We came because I bought a groupon before our trip and it looked like a fun spot. It's a great location right by the newly re-opened Riverwalk, outdoor and indoor seating. There was a small line to get in when we arrived and it was moving slowly, totally unorganized and three hostesses at the stand seemed to have no clue what to do. There appeared to be no system for wait listing people for seating. We were finally seated and then waited 15 minutes until we got up to ask if a server would be coming to help us. The hostess apologized, and 5 minutes later a waiter came, he said they had switched shifts, etc.... And took our drink and food order. 
We had all been complaining amongst our party and wishing we could just leave, but we didn't want to waste the groupon, so we made a game of the wait. We all put money on how long the appetizer and food would take. Surprisingly, the hush puppies took only 12 minutes, but we were still waiting on our drinks, they arrived at 17 minutes, and 1 hour after our arrival our food is now here!
Had to raise review up one star because the food was decent. Portions were large, we could have split some plates. Kids say fries were the best, and fish taco were also good. Just not worth the aggravation and wait. Too disorganized here- tons of empty tables and wait staff standing around, yet they are telling people a 30-40 minute wait.
The atmosphere is what gets them a star- outside, on the river, nice live music. Just need to get the drinks flowing faster!After a night on Bourbon St, we were looking for a place to recover. We chose this place because my wife and I had eaten here before and I remembered it being good. Well once again I was not disappointed. We visit NOLA often, and this will not be our last time eating here.Food was mediocre, as was the service. 
We had fried pickles,  fried crab claws & charbroiled oysters to start.   The oysters were the best thing out of all 3.
Then we had raw oysters (dried out from sitting too long), the stuffed lobster (ok) & shrimp & grits (good).The Crazy Lobster is ok. I got the crab cake and a shrimp po boy. Living in Maryland I have pretty high standards for crab cakes and this didn't live up to them. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad. It just wasn't big or meaty enough. The sauce it came with was pretty good though and a bit tangy. The shrimp po boy was ok. Though, I've had better in Pensacola. The waiter was very friendly and the atmosphere was relaxed. Sitting out by the river is pretty cool. You'll probably hear the ships blow their whistle if you stay long enough.Stopped here for lunch on Saturday the 18th. It wasn't our original choice  - it's been awhile since I've been to NOLA & didn't know our fave place inside the Riverwalk had closed and The Crazy Lobster was the closest! However, I'm really glad this is where we ended up. Our party of 5 was seated right away & our waiter came over fairly quickly - no complaints about the service at all for us. The atmosphere was nice, they had some live music & there was a nice breeze coming through. 
I had a bowl of the gumbo & I found it to be doggone tasty....all of my companions really enjoyed their meals as well. I snitched a couple of hush puppies from my friend's plate and sipped some of her Bloody Mary, the end result being I wish I would have ordered my own hush puppies & Bloody Mary because they were realllllly good. It was honestly the best Bloody Mary I'd had in awhile and really hit the spot. Love that in this area, pickled green beans in Bloody Mary's are a thing!
All in all, we had a highly enjoyable meal at The Crazy Lobster & would definitely go back.Ok where to start, my husband and I decided to have a margarita each. The waitress told us that we should have the house special margarita, it was so sweet and tasted like grownup lime cordial. Food wise our kids chose the kids snow crab meals the crab was nice, fries soggy. My husband and I decided to have the chilled tower it had 5 marinated shrimp, 5 shrimp in cocktail sauce, baby marinated crab claws, 8 oysters, 6 clams two of which were not open, 9 mussels 5 of them were also not opened. When we spoke to the manager she offered to take then to the kitchen to get them opened for us, my husband and I said no and tried to explain to her that if a mussel or clam doesn't open when cooked they are bad! She argued that they are fine. We decided that it was no worth risking food poisoning and lady you are lucky that no one has reported getting food poisoning!!If you go here I agree sit outside!!  A group of us went there for lunch and sitting on the river was awesome!
I ordered the cup of Gumbo and it was so delicious and was the perfect size for lunch.  Nice view, tasty gumbo, sitting on the river with great service...I was happy!!Excellent charboiled oysters. 2nd time coming and they never disappoints! Fun live music right on the river.My husband and I went there tonight for dinner and we're glad we did. We had the crab cake app and several drinks. Both were really good. For dinner I had the stuffed 2 lb lobster while my husband had the shrimp Po-boy. We were both happy with our dishes. I had enough left over to take a to go box home. Our waitress (Bree) was extremely attentive and very nice. Our overall experience was extremely pleasurable. We will be going back on one of our date nights again for sure.My sister and I sat at the counter and had to move to the outside because of some putrid smell emanating from somewhere near us.  There was also obnoxious and unnecessary yelling going on by some of the employees.  Outside we were attack by an army of hungry flies because of my lobster dish.  that wasn't there fault but could have warned us about the attraction flies have to lobster.  The raw oysters looked old but tasted fine.  Our waiter also was a little shifty as when I asked him about free soda refills, he took a moment to decide what to tell me.  They were free of course but I didn't like the fact he had to think it over.  Also the bathrooms have no way of drying hands.  Overall this was the worst dining experience in my life and would strongly recommend you avoid this place.I will preface this review by stating that it was indeed some time ago that I actually attended. I sat outside, which was at night. I will just say that I would never go back. I mean, there was just nothing, and I mean nothing, at all even remotely memorable about this venue. I ordered the bucket; bland, my friend, is a severe understatement. There is no doubt in my mind that they have been advertising the Groupon special for as long as they have because, simply, no one would attend. I have had better lobster at Red Lobster. 
Even with the Groupon that I purchased, I was still very disappointed with the meal here. 
I am sorry, but you guys just have to do better.The streamed shrimp plate was so amazingly good I came back the day after and ordered the same meal!!!  The bacon bloody mary was also fabulous!!!!! Lovely band playing with an amazing view of the Mississippi River!! Very serene!!!The worst dining experience ever. Do not go there. Everyone was grumpy and clearly made it known they would rather be elsewhere. We ordered the lobster crab pot (bounty of the sea) for $90. Enough for 2 people. The dish was served Luke warm with little to no seasoning or flavor. The lobster was overcooked, the crab legs were good though. We could not get the waiter for the life of us to refill drinks, give napkins, we wipes or side plates. He jyst didn't care. He was always in sight, we were seated right in the back near the server station. Thankfully,, there was ONE waiter working his tail off helping us. Our bill was over $200, we should not of tipped him but I have a good man and he gave a $20. Harrah's should NOT endorse this place.Nice little spot on the river. I had the snow crabs, char grilled oyster and cup of gumbo which were all good.The drinks were very weak.  The Catagory 3 drinks could be number 2 or 1.  Please ask them to make them in front of you... they were very weak. The resturant continues to take the fun out of everything ... each time we go there it's something smaller than then the last time.1st meal in New Orleans.  Don't understand negative review. It was just 2 for lunch but it was also cruise ship day.  Great Cajun Bloody Marys.  Great Shrimp Po Boys and The Taste of New Orleans.  No wait Good Food and Great Friendly Service.'Came to Poppy's Crazy Lobster because of a deal that we found on Groupon. It was very close to the Aquarium and Riverwalk, which was great because that's exactly where we were! Our drinks came in souvenir cups, our server was attentive, and we were given plently of time to order. We went with the coconut shrimp (which were great) and the gumbo for an appetizer. The gumbo was not spicy enough and was bland, but the shrimp made up for the disappointment of the gumbo. Had the Pasta Orleans and the Shrimp Tacos for lunch and they were brought very promptly. The Pasta Orleans was bland at best, but the shrimp in it was cooked perfectly. The Shrimp Tacos however were awesome with the dijon sauce on top with the cole slaw which was perfectly sweet. The tacos automatically came with tortilla chips, which is understandable for the term tacos, but french fries would have been better. The sourdough bread that the give at the beginning was really good too. Service was great and the restaurant is nestled right on the Mississippi River.This is the type of place that you visit each and every time you come to NOLA...or at least that's what I do. And most recently I purchased a Groupon during my stay in NOLA and that made it even better... with the construction right now, the view isn't the greatest and so you can't get the full ambience of the place especially at night but their food and drinks are still good. The chargrilled oysters were fresh and flavorful, and my boyfriend wouldn't stop raving about the fish tacos and literally tried to get me to return the next day just so he could get some more. I will say the Groupon said a reservation was required, but that's a lie....just show up hungry and prepare to eat some great food!'nGood tourist place. Limited vegetarian options.
The staff is friendly and attentive. It's located on the Riverwalk and you're able to sit outside, weather permitting. We went on a Sunday night and they had nice jazz type band playing. It's a good place for people watching.
The menu is full of the standard fried seafood. My favorite items are the fried pickles and cajun fries. It's overpriced but most places around here are.The only few good things I can say is the waiter was fun and really nice and the drink was good. Hard to mess up a Malibu and pineapple.   The seafood bucket was cold and dried out. For $81.00 it's embarrassing.  The only hot thing was the rubber like textured lobster. The clams, shrimp and anything else was obviously sitting in the back drying out before given to us.  Going to call bc I accidentally bought 2 groupon and need to use the other one next week.  Hopefully they can give some type of credit.  But reading all these reviews I see this is VERY common and don't think I'll get anywhere.  Contacting groupon as well.  They usually sell good deals. Not this one.  I wish I would have read these reviews before buying the groupon.  It's still available, beware. Oh and the fried crab claws were tiny and tasteless.  Waiter, wonderful.Place was good. Baked Oysters were really good but their crawfish was the best I ate in NOLA.  They weren't very spicy which was good.  I went to couple other spots and the crawfish was so spicy I couldn't even eat them.  The interior was a bit cramped and we had a large group and had to make our own large table.  Which made me think, why would anyone put round tables in a restaurant?  If there square, then at least you can push them together.  Maybe there is a reason for round tables or some round tables but seems kinda pointless if you think about.One of my highlights of being in New Orleans was visiting this restaurant with a friend of mine.  Situated on the banks of the Mississppi River and located by the Riverwalk Mall, The Crazy Lobster and Bar is notorious for long wait times and good food.  Due to Mardi Gras, the restaurant ended up being short staffed which caused wait times to be longer.  My friend and I decided to eat at the bar first.  We eventually got lucky when a table became available.  We both shared a packet of shrimp, crab and sausage.  I also tried the Poppy's Voodoo Juice which was quite delicious but can creep up on you in a heartbeat.  The best part is that you keep the cup as a souvenir.  Service was good but once again I came for Mardi Gras.  Parking is scattered all over Downtown New Orleans.  Public Transit, walking, and Uber or Lyft is highly recommended.  A return is on the horizon.  The Crazy Lobster should be on your bucket list of restaurants to try in NOLA!Had dinner (the fried shrimp and catfish). The shrimp and catfish were cooked perfectly. The Cajun fries weren't too spicy which was good. Didn't care for the hushpuppies because I don't eat onions. Service was good and not too busy. A band was playing music live.I've had better sea food, but this is just a fun place to check out.  
I have to give this place an extra star because of how well they took care of my large group (15+) for my going away party. Service was fast and they were not a pain with splitting the check. 
The Seafood bucket is HUGE! Either come hungry or split with a couple of people. 
The outdoor seating facing the river is awesome! Especially when the people learning how to use segways are out there.Waited 35 minutes. No water, no drinks delivered, no one took our food order. We finally asked someone; he took our drink order, then someone else told us they were out of 1 of the drinks, 15minutes later, still no drinks; still sitting there with our menus. They have a very "we don't care" attitude.Showed up around 5:00 pm. We were promptly seated due to a lack of patrons. After sitting in an un-busy restaurant for over 10 min without a single contact from a any employee, WE LEFT! Apparently they feel their food is good enough and expensive enough they don't need to worry about return customers.Had the gumbo & seafood tower which were truly enjoyed this trip. Then the great & attentive service made it as enjoyable visit.I'm from San Diego and purchased a groupon well before my trip to New Orleans. My wife and I ate there on Thursday, October 1, 2015. We had gumbo, shrimp/crab-leg boil and charbroiled oysters.  With a couple beers it was awesome. Our server was so good that my wife gave her a hug when we left. Outside seating allowed us to listen to some music. As it was our last dinner in New Orleans, it was a perfect way to close out our vacation.Should have listened to the reviews. The service is VERY slow. And the food is WAY overpriced. $9 for a side garden salad that consisted of iceberg lettuce and bellpeppers!
Never again.Tourist Trap! Poor service; staff had poor attitudes. I simpy walked out. There are too many better restaurants that want my business.Was okay.  I ate the Crawfish étouffée.  Was expecting spicy but wasn't.  I was disappointed.  I tried the gator sausage.  It was good.  For people from Hawaii, tasted like Portuguese Sausage.  The service was excellent.  Wish I could give them more stars but had to add hot sauce and tobasco sauce to the crawfish étouffée for spice and flavor.We arrived there and it had just poured rain. They was doing construction and the place was flooded, but they was still seating us. The food and drinks where very very good and the service was as well. I'd like to go back when it's dry so I could enjoy it betterWas here for a private party. Since it was cold we took over the inside part of the restaurant. All the staff were friendly and helpful. Didn't order any food but the drinks were delicious.Nothing nice to say about this place.  Huge tourist trap to catch the people staying at the hotels downtown.  Over priced food and drinks to pay for their real estate on the river walk.  We had fried shrimp Po Boys and red beans and rice.  Waiter was unenthusiastic.  Red beans and rice was descent but luke warm.  Po Boy was nothing to brag about. French Fries were good.  Ask a lot of questions to make sure you are getting what their outside signs are advertising.  Because we had such a terrible Waiter it just was not a great dining experience.  Save your money and try somewhere else.Loved it. Would recommend to everyone. 
Husband and I visits around 6pm Saturday night. We sat outside and enjoyed the view of the river with a band playing. 
We ordered the bucket for two. Broiled seafood. Two lobsters, crab legs, mussels, shrimp, clams, potatoes, & corn on the cob. It was delicious. The top and bottom of the bucket had most of the spices.  It was cooked perfect. And was plenty or two. We did share a banana foster dessert. Great. It is now my new favorite dessert.
If you can, ask for Jessica. She was fabulous. We wanted for nothing the entire time.  She was extend my friendly and courteous the entire time.
We will definately visit again!I sat in the crazy lobster for 30 minutes on a Sunday evening. It was not busy at all and our group of 3 never got asked what we would like to drink, much less eat. The music was way too loud. Got up and left! Do not go to this hole! It is a shame that this fried food pit takes up such nice space.We came on Saturday night at a busier time oh the evening so definitely not gonna expect to have undivided attention. We sat at the bar, right in front of the guy who shucks the oysters. He was very friendly & even helped us get our check. The food was good. We had alligator bites as an appetizer, they were yummy. Jack had a dish featuring red beans & rice, jambalaya and crawfish étouffée, it was good. I had the trout (sorry I can remember the dishes actual name) it came topped with a Cajun sauce and crawfish and the dish was surrounded with potatoes. All of it was really good. 
Towards the end of our meal the bar got really busy, so we waited about 35 minutes for our check, maybe longer. Jack was going to order a beer but since we had a movie to catch he didn't have time for it by the time we finally got our check. Honestly I probably won't go there again, but that's only because there are so many places to try in the area. I'd say go there because it's pretty convenient and pretty good, but of you miss it it's not that big of a thing to miss.Terriable we came in 2011 this place has gone way down. We sit down outside and watch the hostess and a waiter basically hummping wach other. Really then went in to pay if you have a party more than 5 they add gratuity. Yup food was awful service awful we will never come back. Bad all the way around. Very disappointedKellie was a great hostess. Smiled, inviting and also accommodating with a cranky child. She gave us Oreos. (who doesn't love Oreos!)  They were a little understaffed but the kind service made up for it.It was near our hotel so we decide to try it. My boyfriend and I ordered the bounty of the sea which included various boiled seafood with corn, potatoes, and sausage. It was amazing! Best seafood we've had in New Orleans hands down.All of the food that we ordered was very tasty. We had Alligator Sausage, raw oysters, crab cakes, and coconut shrimp. My husband had a couple of beers and I had two martinis. Both of my drinks were excellent and the bartender was super friendly and eager to please. Overall, I did find it to be a little pricey, but I guess the location is the reason for that.I went here while at my Family Reunion this past weekend.  We waited too late to eat and everyone was hungry so we settled on this place.  Can't believe I paid double as much for a Cheddar's grade meal.  I got the shrimp and catfish platter.  It was okay, not memorable.  I let the waitress talk me into the Margarita which she said was $12 (it was $13 when I got the check).  The Margarita tasted like super sugary margarita mix with no tequila.  I was so turned off by it I couldn't drink anymore alcohol for the rest of the trip and I'm always down for a GOOD drink!  Guess I'm spoiled...we have good margaritas even in our chain restaurants in Texas!  An added bonus - I paid 20% gratuity.  For that I got a waitress who only checked on us once and touched all on my brother's neck in front of his girlfriend and mother.
The food was okay, but not worth the price!On a week night several co-workers and I went here for dinner. We had several dozen grilled and raw oysters which were very good. The fried calamari is so far the best I have had in New Orleans. The place is a bit touristy so the prices are a tad high. The service  was also quite good.This rating would had been higher if the kitchen/servers were a bit quicker. The char-grilled oysters were very close to Acme.I had the crawfish. The only thing that was good was the rice... Yeah...nice location but not a good food experience. :)My wife and I went here because it was off the river and we love riverfront restaurants the server was polite but she wasn't attentive at all we didn't get asked for a refill on are drinks not once matter of fact she didn't come back after we got are food which was good by the way but the waiting was to much we even had to tell another waitress to get our waitress so we could pay and leave. They also had a live music which was good. Oh I forgot we ordered an appetizer that we never got.We ate here a few years ago and loved it. After the bad reviews, I wasn't sure if it went downhill. We decided to come back anyways. It was still awesome!! We got one boiled seafood bucket and shared between 3 Cajun women. Now, we can put down some boiled seafood, but it was enough to fill us up!!! And not a bad price for what all you get either! Not to mention great location and awesome waterfront scenery of the Mississippi! I guess if you're going to eat there splurge the money and get something boiled!! It's been seasoned and boiled perfectly well every time and we will go back for the next special occasion!We had terrible service here. Not only did it take over a half hour to get our drinks, but our waiter made an excuse stating we have to wait until appetizers are on the table before serving us the drinks we ordered. He also knew we were just there for drinks anyways and not dinner. It then took a very long time to not only get our checks, but process them. Took a whole hour and fifteen minutes to get one round of drinks and two appetizers and processing checks. If you have a lot of patience for not getting much in the process, this is the place for your poor soul.A Groupon brought us here initially, the delicious Bourbon Street Combo brought us back.  I loved the combination of snow crab and shrimp, seasoned perfectly and in large portions.  My husband and I split this and another item on both of our visits, and this plate was our favorite both times.  Enjoy a seat on the patio with a great view of the Mississippi and prepare to delight in delicious seafood!Waitress was very friendly to us and took care of us.  Even after we threw down the groupon coupon.  Love the crab.  Nice local Cajun band playing on the outside deck.  Yes, you can sit outside and enjoy a good meal watching the mighty Mississippi River flow by.I have eaten here several times in the past. Well. Things have changed. My family was looking forward to going to this restaurant for weeks. We ordered the exact same thing as we did in the past, which included the seafood bucket. They have greatly reduced the amount of seafood in the bucket. Last time we had a bunch left over. This time everyone was fighting for food. And the food that we did get was poorly steamed. One person was happy with their pork chop. We never got drink refills. 
There were other tables with diners still at the restaurant, but they were clearing everything off the table before we even finished so they could go home. Some of the staff were arguing in front of us. I would avoid this restaurant. Too many good places to eat in NOLA to suffer through this place.On our first night we went to have dinner at. Mr Ed's as we are relying on the review. To our disappointment we didn't order as much food as we wanted as there is flies flew while we are about to start our drink. It's not fair especially from us who are from out of town relying on the review. It's misleading. This restaurant is a nightmare.
The following day on our way to outlet we notice this restaurant CRAZY LOBSTER. We went inside and check the menu and the staff are friendly. We were encourage to get a siy and check their food. I honestly say that this restaurant/ bar is amazing. We were there 2 times during our trip last August 5-8. Drinks are spectacular and food are beyond our expectations. One server name QUNITA is friendly and she made it sure that we had what we really wanted. We went back the following day because we couldn't resist how good the service, Food and drinks. QUNITA was our server again. She is beyond amazing. Words are not enough to describe how amazing  CRAZY LOBSTER at New Orleans. We will surely go back again to this restaurant and highly recommend this restaurant.We went here to eat after spending the afternoon at the Audubon aquarium.  It was a short walk from there ( less than five minutes) the place was like quite a few place we have been to that serve seafood near the water.  Out door patio area,and indoor eating area with large windows.  The hostess was friendly and seated us quickly.   Our server Joe was very friendly and helpful.  If not for the staff this place would have received a lower rating from me.  Firstly, soft drinks (fountain)were 3.00 and refills were 1.50.  Who does that (here in theU.S.?). inconceivable !   Then onto the food .....we had a groupon for 50.00. We ordered the Cajun steamed bucket which was about 1/2 lb of shrimp, 3 crab clusters,2 small potatoes, 1 ear of corn, 1 half sausage link. And the trio,red beans and rice, gumbo and jambalaya. The trio was jut okay nothing special.  The seafood was horribly overcooked.  We are from Florida we have access to seafood and eat it almost daily.  This place was way overpriced for the amount and quality of food.  If you don't get out much then it seems great but for those of us who have it like that it was just ...MEH!
Would not go back without a groupon.This is my second visit here.I had their shrimp and grits both times because they are very good. You get good grilled shrimp at a lot of places but getting delicious grits is rare. Definitely go for it. 
Their boiled seafood platter is also quite good and comes with baked potatoes and corn. 
I have tried their voodoo juice which is $14 and refills are $8. They are pretty good but a tad high on syrup. 
This restaurant is beautifully located by the water. Service is great. The one problem I have is with their steep prices you would hope for a slightly fancier setting. They serve wine in a plastic cup :/ 
Their drinks come in souvenir glasses that you can take home :)Great location on the river with outdoor seating.  The food is ok.  
I had the crawfish etouffee.  The crawfish was good but I've had much better in NOLA.Restaurant was really good. Gave you enough food to get full but was good enough to make you want more. Wait staff is very nice, but I sensed a little hostility if you needed the check split. Otherwise really great restaurant.Very pleasant surprise! Touristy, as many others have noted, but fun! Drinks were good, our waitress was super...we shared the shrimp boil and it was plenty for 2. Definitely recommend...If you want gulf oysters on the half shell, this is DEFINITELY the place to go. Delicious! Charbroiled are good too. I suggest you pass on the crabcakes, though; mostly bread--just a few strands of crab was all we could find--and dry and tasteless. Good service.Not great, not the worst. We ordered the calamari and alligator to start. The calamari was supposed to be served with banana peppers which it wasn't. It came with a mustard-like sauce and no lemon wedges. The gator sausage was extremely salty. 
For entrees, we had fish tacos, fish and grits and coconut shrimp. The 3 fish tacos were large but needed seasoning. The grits were delicious and the fried fish was good. The sauce on the fish and grits was tangy and did not compliment the dish so my friend ate the grits and fish that weren't smothered with the weird tasting sauce. The coconut shrimp were far too sweet and the dipping sauce was a sweet, thick syrup that had an unidentifiable fruity flavor. The French fries were hot and crisp.One of the better meals I've had this week in New Orleans.  It's right on the riverfront, and I had crab legs, which comes with boiled potato, corn on the cob, and lots if melted butter.  Better than a lot of crab legs I've had. They boil the legs in water with spices, and it comes out great.   A little on the expensive side, two for dinner with one drink each cost a hundred bucks- but everything in New Orleans is costly.Go and have the mahi sandwich, it was delicious but don't expect great service or service at all for that matter. It's like eating in the center of the pre-katrina projects...While making a complaint to the manager about how rude my waitress was, a girl with a plastic weave glued onto her head was just standing there laughing in my face. I paid her no mind. I tried to handle it nicely by first letting my waitor know that I was dissatisfied with his service, he didn't take it very well so I asked for his manager. He then yelled at me... "go tell her, she right ova dea!!! Tell whoever you want!!!" (In front of the entire restaurant) I was appalled, to say the least... I swear I thought he would hit me. I disengaged immediately. I then asked a man standing next to him at the register to please get me a manager. He pointed and said "she right over there just go walk up, she'll talk to you. Crazy thing is the general manager was there. I spoke to her and the manager. They both apologized but it was almost like this was the norm. The general manager said that she would talk to him immediately.... I was so confused...in my head I'm like... "talk to him???" He just yelled at me...at that point, I knew it was hopeless. I still plan on contacting corporate just to inform them of the experience and to let them know how their brand is taking a good dragging by the people they chose to hire. There are a couple more jawdropping incidents during this visit but after this book I just wrote, this is all the energy I can spare for now...As good as that mahi sandwich was, I will never go back...but if you still choose to go after this review, get the GROUPON so you don't feel too bad about the service. #corporatecleanhouseSave yourself the trouble. Our food was decent at best, but our server made the experience terrible. We went for lunch before it was even noon and he tried to sell us an $81 entree for 2 people.. We get it you want a big tip! Sandwiches that should've been at best $8 or $9 were $17, just outrageous altogether. It was obvious the waiter wasn't happy we didn't order $30 meals each, when he basically slammed down our plates. Waters were not refilled until after we had finished eating. Very disappointed.Came here on a crowded Saturday. The line was long but the wait was much shorter than expected. They are clearly ready to handle the large crowds of tourists like us on busy weekends. I got crawfish which was fresh and delicious. They also make a great Bloody Mary.Tourist trap.  Got stuck going with my in laws.  
Food.  Overpriced and lacking flavor.  
Atmosphere.  None.  
Drinks.  Big plastic touristy nightmares.  
Recommendation.  Go somewhere else!Everyone says dragos or acme has the best chargrilled oysters, which trust me, they are amazing, but in my opinion the crazy lobster has the tastiest chargrilled oysters in NOLA! Amazing jambalaya too! Fun atmosphere with fun drinks too. Our Bartendar was so sweet, unfortunately I can't remember her name. But she made it a great experience!The Rolling River drink and char-grilled oysters were delish! Great live music too. The service... AWFUL!!!  No other way to put it. Simply horrible. A guest from the next table was "watching me wait" as i was seated before she came. She went to get her entree, my entree and the check!  The check came with no pen before my entree did. C'mon Crazy Lobster , you have to do better! Its an awesome location on Riverwalk, it wasn't even crowded and the service was poor. Took so long I didn't eat the entree :(I've come here every time I visit New Orleans! It's quick, relatively inexpensive, and incredibly convenient, located right near the river, the hotels, and all the shops. This time, I got the catfish po-boy, which I feel like is a classic New Orleans staple. It was a little hard to eat - less of a sandwich, which is what I was hoping for. I had to eat everything with a knife and fork, which kind of defeated the purpose. The fish itself was great - well seasoned - but the rest of the sandwich was bland. Just dry bread with tomatoes and pickles. I also ordered the Voodoo Juice - which was delicious and worth the $12 - especially since you get the keep the souvenir cup, and refills are only $8! Overall, a quick, relatively inexpensive place to grab a meal.All the workers seemed not happy to be there . I get that you are at work and you aren't thrilled to be working but it felt like we were really bothering them by sitting down. It felt like very bad energy there is the best way to describe it . Our waitress was nice enough to us but she seemed overwhelmed...I think she had a lot of tables she was trying to manage by herself . 
    The food tasted decent but my boyfriend got massive food poisoning after eating here. We did try the char grilled oysters so of course we know there is a risk when eating something like that. But I would save your money for someplace elsewhere as there are so many good restaurants in the area.If you're hesitant about this place, check out trip advisor and see over 1000 reviews. 
Park at the hitlon because they validate.
The food was filling and we got to try a bunch of local river food that did not disappoint. Thankfully we had a Groupon. The servings were big, but humongous for the price we paid overall. Thanks poppeys for a taste of Louisiana.Great place.  Your typical Nawlins seafood place.  Had the Shrimp and Crawfish etouffe.  Incredible flavor and reasonable price.  Beer was great and serves extremely cold.  Next time to New Orleans it will definitely be on the must go to again!We went for a lunch with my bf and it was the most delicious food I had the coconut shrimp and was the best taste ever in my life!!Overall disappointing.  Had the crawfish etoufee, and it was bland.  
At a place like this you would expect the staff to be friendly and helpful, but ours was grumpy and unhelpful.  One of the poorest waiters I've had.Cruised in for a quick lunch, ended up gorging on a dozen oysters, a plate of jambalaya, and some gumbo. Servers were ok, outside eating area was nice and shady. Go with the category four hurricane!Yup - This is a tourist oriented place int a tourist oriented location. Prices are high so look for a Groupon (be sure to note restrictions) to make it more cost effective. 
We were there at a time that they were not busy so the service was Ok but not real quick.
Had the crawfish (3lbs with sausage, corn, potatoes @$25) which was good but too spicy despite my request for a mild preparation. Our sever fixed that by replacing my order. This added some time and upset the timing of the meal but was appreciated. 
Overall enjoyable but not outstandingWe arrived at 5:30 and the restaurant was empty. We were seated immediately. Our waitress took our drink orders, 5 sodas, and did not return for almost 20 minutes. As soon as she came with our drinks we ordered. My husband had the boiled shrimp, which were over cooked and difficult to remove the shells. I ordered a fries shrimp poboy. The bread was stale. I know the bread is typically crunchy, but this was beyond crunchy and tough. It was completely stale. We finished our meal and waited an additional 25 minutes just waiting for our check. The restaurant had picked up but we could not find our waitress at all!  Any husband went over to the hostess and asked for our bill.  We again waited 15 more minutes before our waitress came over and complained about the table she was waiting on. "I don't know why they gotta ask questions. The menu is right there!" Her attitude was horrible. The majority of the staff just stood around talking to each other, Even the management!  If you are looking for a good atmosphere and delicious food there are many other restaurants in New Orleans that fit the bill. This is not one of them!Food was ok, service was ok. price was expensive for what you got. but it was close to the hotel.I went to this restaurant with high expectations based off of reviews. I was highly disappointed.  I had awful experiences with Poboy's in the past and expected to have a decent one in NOLA. 
I ordered the Barbecue Poboy, which didn't come with any lettuce , tomato, or other vegetables as it was supposed to. Instead, I got a hoagie roll stuffed with shrimp that was smothered in some type of barbecue save concoction. The sauce tasted decent but it wasn't a sandwich. 
The service was awful as well. Our waitress didn't check on us at all throughout our meal. I would not suggest this to be on the list of places to go.If you're just plain starving, then come here. Certainly not good, but not God awful either. The crawfish etouffe was flavorless gravy on top of rice, but it did have a lot of crawfish tails in it. Gumbo was the same, flavorless. Bloody Marys were meh. Charbroiled oysters were pretty good, like a 6.5.