We were looking for a hands-on class instead of just a cooking demonstration.  We got exactly what we were looking for (and more) with Chef Bond. The description on his website was exactly what we got.  Several other reviews have covered the main points of the class.  
In short - we had a great time and highly recommend the class.  It was one of the highlights of our few days in New Orleans.  It was a fun, laid back, way to spend an afternoon.  Learned a few things.  Created and ate some great food.  If you're on the fence, definitely do it.
We attended a Sunday class that started at 11:00 AM.  The first ferry is at 11:00 AM on Sunday and the trip over only took a few minutes.  (Ferry tip: the fare is $2 per person each way.  Bring *exact change*.)  
I'd recommend calling him on the way so he knows you are arriving.
We ate a late breakfast before the class and that worked great.  Keep in mind that it takes a while to cook everything, so don't expect to eat until late afternoon.  You don't want to be cooking while you are starving.
My wife has a couple of food allergies and we let him know in advance.  Chef made some adjustments to accommodate, although he wasn't able to eliminate the allergens completely.  (We understood.  It's difficult when you aren't used to it.)
We did read the reviews here before booking.  So glad we didn't let the one negative opinion keep us from having a good time.I MUST say, this was a really great experience and I will definitely do this again!! The bread pudding was excellent!!.. I love that it was a hands. We started off making the bread pudding to put in the oven, then we moved onto chopping all ingredients for the gumbo and étouffée. Once everything was chopped, we were taught how to make roux and started making our gumbo and crawfish étouffée . After everything was done, we plated our food and all sat down together and enjoyed our wonderfully cooked meal with some wine!!I NO LONGER FEAR THE ROUX...!!!  Thank you, thank you, Chef Bond...!
This was our favorite activity of New Orleans. Absolutely a blast.
As other reviews note, the hands-on cooking classes take place in Chef Richard Bond's personal home in the Algier's Point neighborhood of New Orleans, directly across the Mississippi River from the French Quarter. 
We took a 5 minute ferry ride across the river.  Fare is $2 each.  Bring exact change or you are welcome to overpay with bigger bills.  The ferry ran every 1/2 hour.
His home is a pleasant 2 block walk from the ferry station.  If you have a car - which I never recommend in the French Quarter -  you can drive the bridge instead of taking the ferry.
Class was 3 1/2 or 4 hours - I'm not exactly sure because we enjoyed Chef's generously flowing wine so much... :-)
It was definitely hands on. We did everything - cleaned and chopped vegetables, made two different kinds of roux, cooked gumbo and étouffée, made chocolate bread pudding and mocha whiskey sauce - we did everything.  Chef emailed us the recipes and other helpful info.
Class took place around a large center island in his residential kitchen. There was plenty of room for 5 of us, and he accepts no more than 6 in a class. You have to take turns, but hopefully you'll have pleasant classmates like we did. They made the experience fun. There is plenty of room if everyone has a little patience and shares a little.  If your mother didn't teach you to share, book and pay for a private class.  No problem, but it is fine with 5 or 6 people.
Chef Bond is a very good teacher, and talked at length about the differences between Creole and Cajun food and cooking styles.
Chef Bond's cooking bona fides are the real deal - he studied in Florence, Italy and Le Cordon Bleu in NYC.  He recently appeared on the television show Chopped.
We are both accomplished cooks, and both learned a lot and totally loved the class.  At least one of our classmates wasn't quite as comfortable with a knife or frying pan, and she seemed to enjoy the class just as much.
The wine... was very tasty and generously flowing. No, the wine didn't start until the chopping ended
and the knives were put away.  As Chef said, "we're making gumbo, not thumbo!"
The food... was simply outstanding.  I have consumed a lot of bread pudding and gumbo in my life, and plenty of étouffée. I can HONESTLY say that Chef Bond's recipes for all three are my favorites ever. His gumbo and étouffée are not overly heavy, as many are, and his bread pudding was simply outstanding and delicious.  The best.  I'm so happy to have cooked all of these dishes, and to take home his fantastic recipes.  As is said, I no longer fear the roux.
He does other, more advanced classes, or you can select the entire menu when advance booking your class.
The experience was worth every penny.  Chef Bond is funny and delightful, and a great teacher.  His helper John is a funny and very nice man. 
We give Mardi Gras School of Cooking our highest endorsement and recommendation. 
We hope you'll love it, as we did.I want to start out by saying that I have taken his class twice! And I'm 15
FOOD
The food was delicious! I am not a picky eater, in fact I am a total foodie, so I do like my food to be gourmet! This food was gourmet! I learned, and did things I was scared to do, and that I am great full for! For example, I love soft shell crab, now I know how to clean one! Not to mention all the really yummy sauces that I now know how to make! 
CUSTOMER SERVICE
I found his hospitality very southern! It gave me the feeling like "y'all are family". And that factor is added to because the cooking class does take place in his home! And another plus, IT'S AIR CONDITIONED WELL! Which in the south is very important! And he also picked us up from they ferry so we didn't have to walk in the very hot sun. 
AMBIANCE
Southern. That's all I can say 
EDUCATION  
I learned a lot about southern cooking and these are kinds of things that I will take with me!
TO LONG TO READ THE WHOLE REVEIW? 
So in a nutshell! I had a great time! The only thing I will tell you is that IF YOU ARE TRYING TO MAINTAIN A DIET DON'T COME HERE BECAUSE ITS ALL ABOUT BUTTER (sometimes, depending on the class you take)My fiancé and I attended the Roux class at the cooking school during our stay in NOLA and we simply don't have enough great things to say! Chef Robin is hilarious and so fun to learn from! We ended up making a delicious gumbo, crawfish etoufee, and chocolate chip bread pudding with a brandy mocha sauce (omg!!!). They give you a copy of the recipes electronically. We can't wait to try out recreating these at home. Thank you Mardi Gras School of Cooking for a wonderful experience! Make this the highlight of your trip for sure.This was my second time taking a class with chef Richard at the Mardi gras school of cooking. I live in San Francisco and have relatives in new Orleans and have been here many times. Cooking and food are an integral part of my life. Chef Richard provides a real new Orleans experience including welcoming you to his home for these one of a kind cooking classes. The classes are based on traditional new Orleans recipes but with a little updated twist. We learned to cook and fry soft shell crabs - fabulous !!! I have always ordered soft shell crabs in restaurants, never any this good. So I will keep an eye out at my local fishmonger and make them myself. He has real southern hospitality and a great sense of humor. You leave more than well fed and with so many interesting historical and food facts. I highly recommend this hands on experience.The classes I took with Chef Bond were the highlight of my recent trip to New Orleans.  If you are looking for a "cooking school" that is all demonstration, packed with 20 or more people, this is not for you.  If you are looking to actually learn something real, from knife skills to history, you MUST go here.  The food you make (and I mean that- Chef guides and instructs, but you prep, cook, and plate) is restaurant quality, but reproducible at home.  I simply cannot say enough good stuff about it.This was not the activity i was looking forward too in New Orleans with Bourbon St. just outside the hotel door, but it turned out to be the best!!!  We drove here but later found out it was just a short walking distance from the Ferry landing.  I did not expect to have the fun we had.  Chef Richard and Robin were awesome.  I highly recommend this to anyone!!Chief Bond and John are amazing! I am a horrible cook and don't know how to do anything in the kitchen but this class has taught me so much. It was such a lovely environment in the comfort of his home. He walked us through every step of each recipe and was funny and also very nice. John was so sweet and attentive and the pair of them are great. I would definitely do this again in a heart beat.Chef Bond and his team treated us like family, teaching us about the history of the amazing New Orleans cuisine in the Sauces class. It was a great mix of food, history and fun. I want to return to do another one of his classes- we loved every dish!Words can't describe the fun I had!!!!!!!!!! Chef was so sweet, and so knowledgeable! Thank you for such a great time, and great food & conversation!!! And to get to talk to JFK who was from my hometown of Worth, IL! Just amazing!! Thank you and yes I will be back to pick your brain once again Chef!We absolutely loved this cooking class! We had an amazing day with Chef Robin. We learned how to make some delicious traditional Cajun dishes (Crawfish Etouffee and Chocolate Bread Pudding). On top of that, we had unlimited wine to drink all day and tons of entertainment from start to finish with Chef Robin's jokes and helpful cooking tips. I'd highly recommend this class in a heartbeat.The other reviews covered everything I would want to say so I'll just add in some tips. Follow instructions - you'll be amazed that your roux is that beautiful. Ask questions because both chefs are so knowledgeable and love what they do. Remember you are in a home not Le Cordon Bleu and you are still a guest so enjoy spending time on the porch with your hosts and classmates. When you visit a place like New Orleans you can go to restaurants and more formal cooking schools but this is really an opportunity to experience the food culture firsthand. And yes we would love to go back and take another class!Two weeks ago my friend and I booked a class with Chef Bond and his sous chef Stacey. To put it mildly, what an amazing and memorable experience. Chef Bond was more than accommodating with our request for slightly earlier start time due to flights and come to find out we were the only ones booked that day. Most Chefs would have canceled, instead we had the ultimate private class. Now let me be honest. I am a beginner, I'm slow with knife skills and I like to measure.  (Note: my friend is an advanced cook) Therefore I started the class feeling intimidated. This feeling lasted maybe 10 minutes max. The knowledge Chef Bond has is amazing along with helpful tips made me relax at once (yes I can make a roux). (Note: be sure to
listen to Chef, there is a reason he is having you do certain things.) It was exactly like going to a friend's house, socializing, and just putting a delicious meal together.  Cooking should be fun and relaxing, this class proves it! Thank you Chef Bond and Stacey!If you're looking for a truly unique cooking experience in New Orleans, this is it. Chef Bond opens his personal kitchen for an interactive experience that's fun and informative. We made Cajun gumbo, creole crawfish étouffée and chocolate bread pudding with Mocha brandy sauce. We prepared everything with Chef Bond's guidance and then sat down to promptly over eat!! The flavors were top notch, the wine flowed freely and it was a great way to create a lasting memory of New Orleans. I would highly recommend this experience!Just got back from a WONDERFUL week with my family in "the Big Easy" topped off with an AMAZING HANDS ON cooking class led by Chef Richard Bond. He and his assistant Patrick, treated us like kings and queens , in his intimate real world setting . we were thrilled and educated with culinary skills like correct knife skills, demystifying roux making (who knew it was so complex ...different colors and smells and uses) we cooked and ate gumbo, etouffee, bread pudding all while being liberally treated to local history,color and adult beverages .
We will definitely be returning to visit Chef and Patrick to further our culinary adventures....If you ever have the opportunity to take this class do it.... A DEFINITE "MUST DO!"Great experience and the hospitality was awesome. We had a group of 4 which was perfect for what the menu was. We did everything from chop to eat. Want to go back now.  Algiers is a wonderful quiet area.Ok so this was a reeealllly good class. The reviewer that complained about no health dept stickers is right there aren't eny. Get the ^&*^&*(*&^B05444^^%E%$%E over it. No stikers ainywhaare but nuttin but gooood coooookin...  we all know that yelp lets the &*((holes speak loudly. 
I'm picky as hell but this was a really great experience. oh And the wine is included....
Susan and I were in NOLA this past week and found the listing for this class.
A FREE FERRY BOAT RIDE across the M I S S I S S I P P I river and Chef Bond met us for the walk back to his place.. in Algiers.
Susan is allergic to choco lait so Chef stopped the class and went shopping to get stuff for a pineapple bread pudding instead of the listed chooo co lait puddin.
We made rouxx and then more rouxx, we chopped like julia julia or what ever the movie is called, we made rouxx.
Did i mentcheeeon the rouxx? what ever. as my 95 year old mom would say 'get the damn cat outa the kitchen and lezz cooook." ok she only said the first part 'damn cat' but  any way this is an experience not jus a clazz. 
oh yah, de wine is free.
uhh did i mentcheeon the wine?
I grew up watching the old Justin Wilson (google this) cook show and larnt' to say 'on yon an 'garrrr leek' before i wazzz sevin... (shut the hek up I doo no how to spell dang stop in ter up tin....
seriously serously serous.... book the clazz have good time, eat and then sleep untuul about 9pm... (that part reallly  happened...)
you will luv it unless you r nuuuur ot ic.
Cheers,Chef Bond's cooking school is a fantastic experience. The cooking is truly hands on, and the food is absolutely delicious -- we will definitely do our best to recreate his recipes at home.  Chef Bond is a seasoned chef who is generous in sharing his expertise and is also a charming host, welcoming students in his 150-year old home. A must for all foodies visiting New Orleans.So, I've been in the business for 37 years and when I go on vacation I live for the local culinary experiences. I want to learn about local products, tecniques and some history on the best dishes and restaurants around.
  I got all that and sooo much more!
  The beautiful ride over to The quiet community of Algiers was a great way to start off. Being met by Chef Bond at the landing and walking to his home felt like arriving for a visit with a friend.
  It was a great relaxed,well organized experience. I learned some tricks (which is exactly what I was hoping for) ate an embarrassingly large amount of food,(you eat what you cook) and enjoyed  myself completely. 
 I don't drink wine.( my loss, I know.) so Chef made an espresso  for me to enjoy while we took a break on his lovely front porch. The next class I was treated to a delicious virgin Bloody Mary. ( yes I took two classes.. Had such a great experience the first class I booked another before we left)
  I look forward to visiting NOLA again and on my list of things to do will definatly be a class with Chef Bond.Where to even start!!!  This is a such a great way to experience the real charm of New Orleans, I can't recommend it highly enough.  Where else can you get a chance to do some hands on cooking with a top notch chef in his own home kitchen?  It was such a comfortable and intimate atmosphere - the class is limited to 8 people total plus the two chefs - it's like a great dinner party with old friends.  Robin was the main instructor for the day and Chef Bond was the dishwasher and of course provided the color commentary throughout as well as the lesson on roux.  These folks clearly love what they do and it just makes all the difference.  
After we washed up, donned our aprons and armed ourselves with our dry towel, we warmed up by making bread pudding - but not the boring old standby standard - chocolate chip bread pudding with mocha brandy sauce that was the absolute bomb!!!  We measured absolutely nothing, decided as a team how much was enough (which turns out to be a lot when it came to the brandy!!) and it turned out to be THE BOMB!  I have tried the soggy standby raisin cinnamon variety and never liked it, but now I can't wait to go home and try all the flavor pairings we dreamed up in class.
After we popped dessert in the oven, we started our mise en place (cutting veggies!).  We learned some basic knife work, how to make stock, where you can take shortcuts without compromising the end result.  Then we took a little break for some whine, playtime with Gumbo, the andouille loving pup, and a lesson in the courtyard on roux.  Then we each got to make beautiful, dark, cajun roux (something I've never been able to do right before!), and the eight of us melded into a cooking machine, finishing our chicken and andouille gumbo and shrimp creole.  Robin gave us lots of tips on how to freeze the dishes at different points to speed things up at home as well.
Finally it was time to chow down (about 2:30 p.m. or so) - and what do you know, we can cook, baby!  The food was so well seasoned, so very yummy, we were all impressed with our ourselves.  Robin said we wouldn't be hungry again until 9 p.m., but it was more like 1 a.m.!  
And clearly we weren't the only class that had a good time, some Mardi Gras SoC alums stopped by with their catch from a day of deep sea fishing that they planned to cook up with Chef Bond that evening!  Our 23 year old daughter and her boyfriend enjoyed it as much as we did, and Robin has already called dibs on catering their wedding :)   As a bonus, we walked away with an awesome list of recommendations for places and dishes to try all over the city (the pineapple cilantro margherita's at El Gato Negro were awesome, thanks Robin!).
Taking another class is at the top of our list the next time we are in NOLA, no doubt!My wife and I spent a week in New Orleans and did a lot of things, and this was one of the best, most fun things we did.
Unlike some of the other cooking schools in NOLA, this is not a "demonstration" class where you watch the chef do everything, this is where you do it almost all of it.  This is much better as you will actually remember how to do it since it was hands on.
Chef Richard and Chef Robyn were educational and Chef Robyn is so fun and full of energy.
We made a bread pudding and sauce, a couple rouxs which we then made into Shrimp Creole and a Gumbo.  All were very tasty
As I said, this is a fun class, limited to 6 students at a time.Great time cooking traditional New Orleans fare with Robin and JFK.  Looking forward to trying the recipes at home.There are experiences on vacation you will always remember as "the best thing we did", cooking with Chef Bond was that moment for us in New Orleans. My teenager and I spent a day learning to cook and bonding over the art of a good Roux. And if you are wondering if the teenager liked it, well he LOVED it! He felt like it was cooking school, a geography lesson and a history lesson all in one. The environment is authentic New Orleans and the hands on instruction and participation is encouraging and a fun and unique experience. The food was amazing! I highly recommend Mardi Gras Cooking School and Chef Bond! This cooking experience is an absolute must on your to do list in NOLA! Bon apetit, y'all!Our hands-on cooking class at Chef Richard Bond's Mardi Gras School of Cooking was the highlight of our long weekend in New Orleans, and possibly the best meal of the trip.
I'm a reasonable cook, but I've always been totally intimidated by Cajun and Creole roux (the basis of gumbo and etouffee). I thought they were difficult, time-consuming, easy to mess up, and just not for me. No more!
We took the ferry to the charming neighborhood of Algiers (never would have done that otherwise) and were met by Richard's assistant Patrick for the 5 minute walk to Richard's 140-year old house. We were the only two students this time, but I think he will teach up to 6.
After a brief introduction to New Orleans cooking, and a discussion of the plans for the day, we set out to make chocolate bread pudding. (It takes the longest to cook.) For a precise person like me, it took a little getting used to measuring by eye, and mixing by hand, but it was actually lots of fun. (Richard provides detailed recipes with precise measurements, but he wants you to learn how flexible and forgiving these dishes are.) Stale bread, eggs, milk, butter, sugar, mini chips, mixed together and into the oven, while we went on to the main courses.
Richard talked to us about Cajun and Creole roux, had us chop the Cajun "trinity" (onions, celery and green pepper) then sent both of us to the stove to each make the Cajun roux for our gumbo, giving us detailed coaching while we cooked. I always thought it took a half hour or more to make a dark roux. With Richard's method, I did it in about 10 minutes. The neat thing is that, even in a class of six, everyone gets to make the roux, since this is the key to so much New Orleans cooking. After that, the ingredients went together easily and the chicken and sausage gumbo simmered while we went on to the etouffee.
Richard and Patrick had already prepared the crayfish and broth, so I confidently moved on to making the (lighter) roux. Then everything went into the pan to simmer.
The gumbo was (almost) as good as the gumbo I'd had the previous night at Cochon, and the etouffee was tastier (if slightly less refined) than the one we had the next day at Galatoire's. And while I make a pretty mean bread pudding, Richard's was absolutely amazing. (And with mocha brandy sauce to boot.)
As I said, we are experienced cooks, but the instruction from Richard and Patrick was so clear, detailed and patient, that I am absolutely confident that anyone, even a complete beginner, would be equally successful. We certainly learned a lot, and had a blast.
Beyond that, we got to spend three fascinating and entertaining hours listening to Richard's stories, his cooking lore, restaurant recommendations and more, and had an absolutely fantastic meal.
We can't recommend this class highly enough. We'll be back for more on our next trip.My daughter purchased cooking lessons for 2 from Groupon for this cooking school as a Christmas present.  When I called for an available class I was very rudely told that there was nothing availble prior to the expiration date of of the Groupon promotion which is in a little over 2 weeks.  The owner told me that I had plenty of time to book this class, so too bad for me - no classes available.  The Groupon customer support  person was a great help and advised me that the policy is that a class must be scheduled, but not necessarily taken prior to the expiration date, and that he would inform the owner. Since I now had no desire to patronize a business owned by such a rude man,  my daughter was able to have her money refunded.  New Orleans is loaded with cooking schools.  I can't give a rating less than one star, on this site, but my real opinion is a zero star rating.This was a great experience. It is  in Chef Bond's home, so it's comfortable and relaxed. Also not as "sterile" as a professional kitchen, and much more like cooking as you would at home-- which is what we are going to be doing after all! We spent lots of time with Chef Richard and his assistant John who helped keep us on track and did all of the heavier cleaning. Chef had us do all of the chopping and cooking, he showed us some pretty cool tricks and guided us through the cooking techniques with a sense of humor and a firm hand ;) At the end he also complimented our finished products so i think we did ok! We took the introductory Roux Class and made Chicken and Sausage Gumbo, Crawfish Etouffee, and bread pudding with mocha brandy sauce. I will say that it was the best food we ate on our visit to New Orleans and I can't wait to try all of the new techniques we learned with my family now that I'm home. Best thing we did on our visit! Thanks Chef!Hands down, this is THE BEST cooking class in NOLA. We took this on our last day in NOLA and had taken one other class which was not hands on. The hands on portion was absolutely priceless since we felt like we were really learning how to do everything. Both Chef Bond and Stacey were so much fun and they made the class feel like we were one big family cooking together. We laughed, chatted and had a great time while learning a ton.
In addition, this was the culmination of a 5 day foodie vacation. We had eaten oysters at Drago's, shrimp at Mr. B's, muffaletta from central grocery and had made many other epicurean stops. It was all fabulous, however, the food we made in this class was hands down the best we ate during the entire trip. Each recipe was absolutely out of the ballpark and we will definitely be coming back.
Moreover, I've tried all the recipes we brought home and my 7 kids LOVE them all. An added benefit is that each are big one pot meals suitable for a crowd making them perfect for a big family or a party.
Thank you so much Chef Bond and Stacey!Chef Bond is an awesome person and a wonderful teacher. The class is fun and you learn so much. Specifically, he took his time and walked us through not only how to make a Cajun roux and a creole roux, but also taught us the differences and the history behind both. He taught us how to make bread pudding also. We made gumbo and etoufee as well. He's patient, funny and knowledgeable. He has a beautiful kitchen and the class is awesome. My favorite parts were the skills and techniques he taught us in the process: how to make two rouxs, how to cut vegetables the right way and how to plate our meals. The class is laid back and fun and he makes you feel more than welcome. I highly recommend!What would be a great gift for three high school seniors who have been friends for 10 years?  Well...we chose a trip to New Orleans to learn history and culture in a wonderful setting.  Food  is a great part of New Orleans.  I hunted and hunted for a one-day cooking school.  Many offered demonstrations, but very few offered a hands-on experience. The Mardi Gras  School of Cooking filled the bill, and our family was thrilled with the experience.  It all started with one email to Chef Bond.  He answered this and all subsequent emails promptly and gave explicit instructions on how to reach the Algiers dock where we were to meet his sous chef.
The day started with a free ferry trip across the mighty Mississippi to Algiers.  Patrick, the sous chef, met our group at the dock and walked us to the home of Chef Richard Bond.  The magic began.  Chef Bond provided humor, instruction, encouragement, and history.  Any adult who can identify with three 18 year old girls and the mother of one of them is an award winner to me.
Our group of four took the sauce class and learned how to prepare shrimp, scallops, trout, soft-shelled crab and vegetables to accompany the sauces. We added a dessert to the class, and they made chocolate bread pudding.  Every morsel of food was delicious, and this was definitely a HANDS ON CLASS.  Each of the three girls and my wife actually prepared and cooked the food. Chef Bond was so encouraging and delightful.  He even tolerated our photographing the experience.
This gracious and talented gentleman welcomed our group into his kitchen and created a marvelous day for us.  Please realize that this is a whole day adventure.  Do not try to sandwich it between a bunch of other touristy New Orleans destinations.  Take your time and savor the experience.
Please note that the concierge at your hotel and the "sales people" at booths throughout New Orleans will have never heard of this class.  You can find the Mardis Gras School of Cooking on line.  Their website will have all the information you need.
Bon appétit and "laissez les bons temps roulez" in New Orleans and at Chef Bond's class.Chef Preston was an excellent teacher and we learned new knife skills as well as how to prepare several delicious dishes and sauces. Enjoyed the free flowing wine and beer as well as all the food that we prepared. Come hungry because it is a lot of food!Chef Richard is a great chef, cook and teacher. My wife and I recently took his class while visiting New Orleans for a bit of fun and relaxation. My wife is a personal chef and has always wanted to learn the art of making a great gumbo as well as learn some techniques for southern style cooking. You will learn the patience for making a Cajun roux for a gumbo and then a Creole roux for a Shrimp Creole or a Crawfish Etouffe. Remember... patience is the key!
The day starts with a ride across the Mississippi (which is the easiest) and a walk in Algiers Point. When you arrive, the class takes place in Chef Richard's home where he is prepped and ready with aprons in hand. His assistant John (A.K.A. 'JFK') has worked hard to get all the prep done and ready to assist where needed. Be prepared to get a hands-on experience from making the bread pudding, to cutting the vegetables for the various dishes, to cutting the meats, to making the roux and finally making the final dishes. So do not go thinking you will just sit and watch! My wife and I definitely learned a lot and had fun at the same time!
Chef Richard opens his house to his guests and if you allow, his dog Gumbo (a dachshund) will hang out and you will see a truly beautiful home. The best part of the whole experience is eating. You will try each dish with a bit of wine and if lucky, you will experience a bit of southern hospitality with a neighbor stopping in to try the dish as well.
There are few disclaimers...
- If you are looking to cook but on a 'diet', leave the diet at home for the day or the vacation. Good southern cooking uses butter, vegetable oil and did I mention butter. You are going to learn how to cook a few great southern dishes and get a baseline to figure out how to modify once you get home so don't hassle with the diet and go there to learn! You can hit the gym the next day if needed!
- If you have an allergy, let the chef know ahead of time. You will eat and prepare onions, garlic, green peppers, red peppers, butter, vegetable oil, chicken, sausage, crawfish, scallions, parsley, bread, chocolate, eggs, milk and finally rice. Example: If you need gluten free, ask!
- This is Chef Richard's house and he has a dog. He will keep the dog in the other room if you have an aversion to animals. 
Overall the experience was great! This is not your typical class and you get a full 'hands-on' experience in a kitchen that resembles yours with a chef who is truly enjoying what he does. If you want to learn a bit of New Orleans cooking, then I highly recommend a trip across the river to take this class with Chef Richard!I just purchased the classes as a Christmas present for my girlfriend so that we could practice our Southern cookin' skills and was a bit disappointed.  This group just moved locations and didn't tell us so we went to the old location at Algiers before we called them to have them say, I thought we emailed everyone oops.  No one even apologized.
The new location is ok, but the don't even have sinks to wash your hands.  It just wasn't put together well. The instructor was nice, but for this price it should be an amazing class with all of the amenities.  Try another class before going here.Chef Bond and John are just wonderful people all round. They're all class. I took this cooking class and Chef was so professional. He was really kind and I love that he doesn't take bad behavior or people not following instructions, just like a good teacher should. I'll definitely come back just to see them.My daughter and I took the roux class today with Chef Byron. It was a really fun class and Chef Byron gave us great cooking tips as well as restaurant tips for New Orleans. The finished products were very delicious! I would recommend this activity if visiting New Orleans.Had a great time from start to finish.  Took the very easy ferry across the river to Algiers point.  2 minute walk to the Chef's house.  Very welcoming.  Very enthusiastic and knowledgeable about cajun and creole cooking.  Enjoyed all 3 things that we made: gumbo, étouffée, and bread pudding.  Enjoyed the breaks and talking with the Chef.  Chef has an incredible resume and is a really impressive guy.  Wine was flowing and atmosphere was joyous thanks to the chef assistant, Stacey.  Lots of laughs, plenty of food to eat, felt like a welcome guest in a NOLA home.  One of the highlights of our trip.  Brought 2 friends that aren't into cooking as much as my girlfriend and I are, but it seemed like they had just as much fun as we did.  Highly recommend if you want to have an authentic NOLA experience.Being a city so deep rooted in history and food culture, a cooking class here in NOLA was a must. We thoroughly enjoyed our time with Chef Preston as he went over the history of how French/Spanish cuisine turned into Creole/cajun cooking. He spoke about the history of the holy Trinity and what ingredients were available around the time to create the Creole/Cajun dishes we eat today. The whole class had a fun atmosphere and it felt like cooking with friends. We did have a mishap making the roux and I can confirm with certainty a roux burn is very painful. But all in all the cooking process was fun and informative, and most importantly the food was delicious!My husband and I visited Chef Bond and his hands on cooking class while we were on vacation in Louisiana. We were aware that the class was inside his home, but were told that he was a chef that would teach us the aesthetics of true southern cooking. 
I have mixed feelings about this class, so I will give you the good and bad and let you decide if you want to participate. 
The good points:
* We learned the difference between Cajun and Creole cooking 
* We learned how to make a Roux 
* We learned how to make bread pudding
* We learned how to suck up an egg yolk using a water bottle 
* Chef Bond sent us the recipes from the day to my e-mail 
* Stacey Chef Bond's helper was fun and made the experience more enjoyable
* The wine was plentiful - (and lord it had to be in order for me to swallow some of the things that occurred during this event)
The bad points: 
* Chef Bond is a smoker and my husband has a bad allergic reaction to smoke. The Chef was smoking on the porch when we arrived and we were encouraged on two more occasions to go out on the porch to participate in "quizzes" about food. Let's just call it what it was - a smoke break! 
* While we are attending a class inside someone's home, it IS a cooking class! I would expect that good hygiene habits would be upheld. On the occasions when the chef went outside to smoke, I had a hard time swallowing the fact that when he came back inside he did not wash his hands. 
* Also, I realize that we are in the south and there are some big and unavoidable bugs that can be in your house. However, when you are teaching a class, I would think that you would make efforts to make sure that everything is clean! There was a big dead cockroach right under the table where we were cooking. I picked it up and threw it in the trash, but it was nasty and led me to wonder what else might be crawling around.  Not to mention the cobwebs in the lights above where we were cooking looked like they had not been dusted for fifteen years.
* Sometimes it's the group that you are with that can make or break an experience. We were paired with one other lady, who was sweating profusely and talking like a crazy person, boasting of her job and herself. It drove me and my husband almost mad! At one point this woman picked a chocolate chip out of the bread pudding batter, put it in her mouth and then put her hands back in the batter. Also, she was a smoker who continually went outside and when she returned, she handled food without washing her hands.
* On one occasion while we were outside for one of our "quizzes", our fellow class attendee said that she had some kind of infection on her foot, then she proceeded to point out the fact than our chef had foot fungus. When I looked down at his open toed flip flops I almost gagged! Not exactly appropriate talk for people taking a cooking class! 
* The cooking area is very small. It did accommodate the three of us, but just barely. 
* And lastly, I was going to give our helper Stacey a $40 tip. I really didn't think that it was appropriate to tip Chef Bond, since this is his business and he makes the majority of the profit from the class. Chef Bond even encouraged us to tip her, however when I told him that I was going to give her this tip he said that the money was his. I told him that I had already paid for the class. Which he replied that we could split the tip. The whole exchange left a bad taste in my mouth. Poor Girl.
I have taken several cooking classes, this being the most informal and one of the most expensive. For $340 I would recommend finding another establishment to get skilled in cooking, or treat yourself to a really nice dinner. I could never in good conscious recommend this to one of my friends, nor would I ever return for another class should I visit New Orleans in the future.Sooooooooooooo much fun!  The drinks were flowing, the instruction was great and the FOOD!!!My mission was to introduce my husband to THE BEST of New Orleans: The best food, the best drinks, the best music. And of "the best" this was our favorite experience. And the best gumbo, for that matter! Chef Scott really knows his stuff and is so good at teaching it. Our class was small - we came on a Tuesday and it was just me and my husband - so we got to go into some depth on cooking skills I've been meaning to improve. We definitely got a Master Class in Roux, but also a primer on knife skills, and even got a great recipe for tasso. Chef Scott was also kind enough to give us his recommendations for food (filled beignets at The Vintage - OMG) and jazz on Frenchman Street, and his tips were right on. I'd recommend scheduling a cooking class early in your trip to New Orleans, because those tips, with the appreciation for what goes into really great NOLA food, makes the whole trip better.We celebrated our anniversary here and Chef Connor was a great teacher. The class was extremely informative, fun, and the food was absolutely delicious. It was just me and my boyfriend and we took the New Orleans Sauce ClassMy friend and I took the Roux class. We enjoyed making the two main courses including one Gumbo (including a vegetarian version - thanks Teresa for improvising) and the dessert Banana Fosters. Teresa has a great style and make it easy to follow along. I liked her cutting and other prep tips. The food was delicious. We were only four students and the whole experience was great. Looking forward to get back home and try it out.A wonderful lesson on some classic New Orleans recipes, even for a local.
My company recently took us here for a team-building exercise type thing, where we were signed up for the Roux Class.  I'll be honest, while I've always been curious about cooking classes, as someone who's worked in several kitchens in the past, I've always been skeptical about them - not to mention the prospect at trying to cook gumbo with a bunch of my coworkers!  But lord, how I was mistaken.
The chefs were great, splitting time and teaching evenly between our teams.  They were also very nice and respectful, being able to explain and correct all of us on technique, methods, and ingredients, while also keeping the atmosphere light and pleasant.  Personally, I got to learn a few new techniques for cutting ingredients, the different types of roux, and a really cool presentation trick for Banana's Foster.
I'm now looking at taking some of the other classes with my partner, and would definitely recommend them as either a company team building exercise, a stop-over on your trip to New Orleans, or even for locals looking to get a knowledge-set to expand their cooking repertoire.A must if you love to cook!!
My boyfriend and I were looking for a hands on cooking class while visiting New Orleans and booked the New Orleans Traditions class with Chef Laurent Guerin. The class itself was intimate with just one other couple, which we appreciated since it allowed us to ask all the questions we had. Chef Guerin taught us the proper way to use a knife as well as how to properly cut the ingredients we cooked with, which we loved. I've taken a lot of cooking classes and none have been as hands on as Chef Guerin's class. 
The food we cooked was SPECTACULAR!! The class also allowed us to take home the recipes so that we can share what we learned in class with our friends and family back home. 
Chef Guerin made us feel like we were in his home and taught us so much about New Orleans and it's culture. Thank you Chef Guerin!!What a great experience! Chef Chris was absolutely awesome. My son and I had a great time and loved the traditional New Orleans fare. It was nice to be able to talk with Chef Chris about his experiences and get some ideas of local places to eat. Thanks Chef Chris! "The sticky bits, that's where it's at!"This brunch cooking class was the highlight of our anniversary trip to NOLA. The food we learned to make was some of the best we have ever had, and we will definitely bring these recipes home to share with family and friends. Chef Scott was an excellent instructor who made us feel right at home, while also showing us restaurant style techniques from his years of experience. So much fun, and absolutely worth the price of admission.
I noticed another reviewer posted about the cooking space not having sinks? I'm super confused by this because there are 2 very large kitchen sinks, one in each well appointed cooking space that I could see. The cooking space is lovely and very clean, with plenty of opportunities for hand washing.Did we luck out! In New Orleans for a sisters 80th. birthday we booked a lesson with Scott.  It was one of the big highlights of our trip. Not only did we have a fantastic time but we also had so much fun. The menu was great, the cooking tips were wonderful and the food was great.
Chef Scott kept us laughing and very busy. Thank you so much for a great evening.This was our first hands on cooking class and my only regret is not scheduling more! Its more than just a recipe. Its learning to properly cut and prepare all the ingredients and what to look and hear for in a dish as it cooks. Chef Scott was incredible and it was an honor to have him as our instructor! We enjoyed so many dishes to take home and duplicate. My cajun husband says "its the best shrimp & grits he's ever had in his 46 years on this earth" Bonus:: we got the insider scoop on where to eat and visit like a local"... Well done!If you are looking for an AMAZING time for the entire family, group of friends/work colleagues, date with a significant other, you are an aspiring chef and would like to pick the brain of a highly experienced chef while in the kitchen, or  just want a super-unique time away from the normal everyday humdrum with a 5 Star Meal at the end of the experience --look no further and book with The Mardi Gras School of Cooking. I HIGHLY recommend this experience to tourists and long-time NOLA residents, alike. I'm beyond-words impressed with this entire culinary experience and will be booking more time with Chef Scott in the future.
1) Location:
This convenient location right next to Jackson Square is perfect walking distance within the French Quarter. It is 2 apartments that have been converted into a Cooking School setting. The kitchen & sitting area is a well lit wide open with high ceilings & very clean (see #2). There are 3 tables inside-- one decorated/set beautifully for eating, another set with high-end professional butane burners, & the other that would be used for our prep area for a party of 4. The kitchen is an L-Shaped configuration with a large sink, dishwasher, refrigerator, microwave and 4 burner electric stove for simmering. At no point did we feel crowded/cramped or that we could potentially have a kitchen collision due to the layout. Overall, it is a very well designed & thought out space.
2) Cleanliness:
Think high-end commercial kitchen cleaning standards meets a large-sized studio apartment setting-- perfect for learning in a food-safe environment. I'm sure this was the intentional design so that you can easily translate your experience to your own home kitchen. That being said, the location is not so sterile where you lose the home-like factor, either; it is still an intimate setting. There were NO visible old splatters of food on the walls, around the sink fixtures, on/around the stove. The refrigerator exterior was clean, as was the inside, the sink sponges looked new/newer and the staging area for food to be used in our class was equally clean- all food in stainless steel prep bowls. The cabinets were also well organized & free of unnecessary clutter from what I could see.
3) Ingredients:
At the MGSoC, you're paying for a Chef lead experience in cooking.  I'm sure it could be very easy for these type of classes to save on overhead with lower quality ingredients--after all, you're just trying to get the knack of cooking the selected meals, right? WRONG-- Chef Scott was very proud to show off the freshness & quality of every ingredient we were to use in our class and was happy to tell you where to buy the same items yourself in & around town. This contributes heavily to the end-result of what you have cooked during class, which is nothing short of a high-end meal at a fine dining establishment. He also has the spices available for purchase that you use during your cooking class--which are AWESOME!!!
4) The Chef Scott Experience:
My family had the privilege of a private class with Chef Scott. My wife, both boys (13yo & 11 yo), & I  all learned SO much during our time with him. Everything from the history of the food dishes being cooked during the class, the cultural influences that impacted the regional cuisine, basic knife skills, how to build flavors in a short amount of time, and even the priceless, personal lesson of how Salt, Fat, Acid, & Heat impacts the taste of the dish. There's so much more than this that was covered--we are still speaking about the lessons learned on a daily basis. Both boys are in shock & elated that they had a chance to make their own meals from scratch--to include a legit roux--and were amazed at the result of the taste! 
Chef Scott offers a wealth of experience to his students-- he openly and willingly shares his knowledge built up over many years as an experienced & highly successful Chef and Restaurant owner. Even after all of his years of making people happy with his cooking, he is clearly still passionate about food and wants to share that with his students. Chef Scott is very personable, funny, and is a very patient, supportive teacher---teaching to the level of the individuals in his class. Chef also promised that we would make the best-tasting Gumbo YaYa & Shrimp Étouffée that we had ever eaten--he wasn't lying. 
This was a family experience that was one of kind--one that we will take with us for a lifetime. I'll be re-booking with Chef Scott on my next family trip into NOLA.We loved chef Scott. He was informative, fun and not only did I learn alot, the food was exceptional. Highly recommendIn a world where Chef bond was ten years younger and actually cared this would be a good class. We attended this school of cooking almost a year ago and it was to this day the weirdest afternoon in my life. I'm a New Orleans resident who moved from the northeast so we took this class to try and pass some of our love for New Orleans food to our relatives when we went home for the holidays. We were very surprised how chef bond runs his business. On more than one occasion we saw cockroaches running around and he had this decoration above the stove which was home to a bunch of bugs, which I realized does not put you in the mood to eat gumbo. The produce that we used was about a week expired almost as if he forgot we were coming after collecting our 300 dollars. I've never seen a lemon look the way it did until I was in chef bonds kitchen. It literally exploded brown juice when I squeezed it. Shows a complete respect for his customers that he doesn't have the decency to clean the kitchen. Second, he smokes throughout the whole class. What kind of owner assumes that his customers want to smell that all day. You pay a decent amount to be there and in the end chef bond invites all of his squator neighbors to the house to eat the food you cooked and paid for. He doesn't even let you keep the leftovers he just gives it to his friends as I'm sure they just laugh off the fact that you are getting completely duped by them. I'll give chef bond credit that despite the lack of his kitchen etiquette, bad attitude he does have some talent beneath it all. But I would not spend an afternoon or money here.Us four girls had Chris to ourselves, and we had so much fun!  Chris was very accommodating too for the girl that didn't like seafood too.  The dishes we prepared we excellent - Gumbo, NO Style BBQ shrimp, and bread pudding!  
I can't wait to make them at home and share them with my family!
Loved learning the history of foods, along with a few tricks from a chef!Such an amazing experience! Adam was a great instructor and the class was so much fun!!This was a great experience for my kids and I to do while visiting New Orleans.  We learned a lot about New Orleans cooking, the difference between creole and cajun. The instructor was very patient with us, even the non cooks ( kids).  We told our friends and diffidently will be back again on our next New Orleans trip. Make sure you take lots of pictures.We booked the New Orleans Style Brunch Class and we were not disappointed! Chef Cam was amazing, super knowledgeable (and patient) and very go with the flow. My only complaint would be that they didn't seem to have the proper space for the class (it didn't take away from the experience, although there wasn't a kitchen sink so we had to go to the restrooms to wash our hands). Overall the food was awesome and Chef Cam was great company. I would definitely recommend this class!This was probably the highlight of our short trip to New Orleans! Chef Preston was awesome - he was patient with us and we loved his story telling. Moreover, he had a fun and humorous personality. The fridge is fully stocked with all types of drinks, alcoholic and non-alcoholic. We started off the class with some prep, along with with some history behind each recipe. We even got the chance to cook each item. I totally forgot it was a 3 course meal so I was stuffed after the first meal. LOL. We make shrimp etouffee, gumbo, and banana foster with ice cream. My favorite was the shrimp etouffee - I've always wondered what that chunky consistency is in so many seafood boil places here in the Bay Area. Absolutely mind blown! The gumbo was so good, it came with rice. I was too full so sadly I didn't get the chance to fully enjoy this dish. The last course, banana foster, was a dessert and we enjoyed watching the flame as he cooked the ingredients in high heat, then topped it with alcohol with the lights off. Awesome! 
At the end we got leftover etouffee which unfortunately we couldn't finish since our flight was the next day. We also got some scooper thing which I definitely need for my kitchen (I scoop ingredients with my knife, oops).  This is located close to Bourbon street, and a pretty easy walk from our Airbnb. Chef Preston recommended some jam sesh which we ended up visiting later that night. Found another hidden gem with talented artists! I am eager to try the recipes that they sent soon! So excited to bring the taste of New Orleans to my kitchen.We did the Roux Class - made Sausage & Chicken Gumbo, Shrimp étouffée & Banana foster. Our chef was Mark & he was very friendly, engaging and knowledgeable on everything. We learned so much and enjoyed every second of it! We will definitely be back to try out another class!One of the best experience I have had!!!  Conner was awesome!!!!  Best food!!!  Shrimp and grits - crab cake best I have ever had!!!  Now just to try to do it at home!!!  Will be back and requesting Conner!!!!This was the best experience we had in New Orleans. Chef Scott was awesome, taught great skills and history and the food we made was top notch. This is something I'd recommend everyone does to get a true taste of New Orleans food and have a great experience.Far exceeded our expectations! What a great adventure into the world of authentic NOLA cooking from the real deal -Chef Bond and his assistant Stacy. It was a treat from start to finish. 
We took the short ferry ride across the river and then we walked a couple of short blocks . I'm   glad I had read previous reviews so I knew what to expect, the school is in Chef Bonds home on a quant street. We felt welcome from the moment we met and his home is so inviting. 
We took the Sauce Class and learned so many secrets to cooking from Chef. As soon as we finished with the knives, the wine was flowing, some of it went into the pots and pans but mostly we drank it!  The dishes we prepared were AHmazing. And to think that we were taught so well we can do it again in our own kitchen is just the icing on the cake. 
This is a bucket list item my husband and I didn't even know we had.My best girlfriend, Elle and me came here for something we have never done before which is to do a cooking class that was truly interactive and learned so much from Scott, our instructor and to cook with some really nice folks from Texas and Oregan.  One of them were celebrating his birthday, drinks were floating, food was plenty and absolutely tasty! I highly recommend this cooking experience and can't wait to cook this recipe real soon as it was a lovely meal.It's an easy ferry ride from the French quarter and two block walk from ferry.  The house is adorable.  The class is hands on learning with helpful pointers at how to chop.  The recipes easy and yummy!We were in NOLA for just a couple days and booked a class with Chef Preston for the husbands in our group.  They had a ball and couldn't stop talking about their experience afterwards.  Highly recommend!!We took the roux class while visiting New Orleans and had so much fun. We love Chef Preston! He was extremely accommodating as one person in our group is vegetarian. This was by far the best meal we had in New Orleans and I can't wait to try to make it again at home. Would highly recommend this class!!You don't have to  be a cook, or even  enjoy cooking, to love this class!  Its carnival season so we took the "Make a King  Cake" class with Preston and Byron . What a fun and memorable night for my mom on her 80th birthday!  And something really different, complete with a little history and culture thrown in.
These guys were really hustling to make it all happen in just two hours.  Preston gives out a lot of knowledge, tips and tricks to help you understand baking and Byron somehow whipped up  jambalaya and gumbo in the second kitchen for us while also assisting Preston on the teaching side!  (Btw:  fridgE full of drinks, mimosas, beer and wine upon arrival and throughout)
Everyone leaves with a king cake too.
These guys are  the real deal and I'm not sure you can request their classes, but try.  (Someday I expect to see Byron on Food Network)This class is the single worst customer experience of my life. I was bullied and humiliated by Chef Richard Bond to the point of tears.
The class takes place in his house. It's not a "school" or professional setting, which he neglected to state in the course description. There's no licensing or health inspection proof on display.
When I entered his house, before I said anything, he already disliked me. He accidentally elbowed me on the head, because the kitchen is a very cramped space. "Oops," he said. I told him it was okay, and he replied, "You don't want to be here, do you?" as though I did something wrong. I said "it's okay" again, and he laughed at me. I did want to be there, but that was before I realized that he didn't.
The chef only got ruder throughout the day.
I patiently waited for him to finish telling his story and tell me when and how much sugar I should pour in the bowl (I was terrified of the idea of interrupting him). When he was done, instead of informing me politely, he was hostile: "Well, are you gonna pour the sugar or do I have to ask someone else?" as though I was misbehaving. I quietly complied.
Later, the person next to me accidentally sprayed garlic juice in my eyes (again, the kitchen is tiny and prone to accidents). Chef Bond was not paying attention as this happened. While I was washing my eyes out at the sink, he accused me of rubbing onion juice in my eyes with my unwashed fingers, despite the fact that he did not witness anything like that. I calmly explained that I did not rub onion juice in my eyes, but he would not listen and took offense to my "talking back" to him.
He threw a temper tantrum.
He unleashed all of the frustration that he'd bottled up ever since he hit me with his elbow. He was out of control, loud, and condescending as he told me that I was "the most closed-minded and difficult student" he'd ever had. Everyone in the kitchen tried to explain what happened, but he refused to listen as he stubbornly interrupted them all. I asked him to stop yelling and just let me speak; he responded that he can do whatever he wants because I paid him money and he is my teacher, which means he can kick me out of his house if he wants.
My mother tried to explain what happened, but he rudely cut her off. He told her that she did not need to say anything and that I was a disrespectful daughter, because I wasn't appreciating that she spent her hard-earned money on this "treat."
When he finally understood what actually happened, he refused to apologize. He said that his behavior was my fault for "being unclear" and that he was just trying to help me. Immediately after, he told me I had an ugly face. I was in tears at this point, so he was content and finally stopped.
I do not understand why I had to be treated so cruelly--I was merely an easy target to bully. To this day, I have not received an apology from Bond. This chef is arrogant, unstable, and immature. He has no idea what customer service is; to him, the customer is always wrong. More dangerously, this is a man so dysfunctional that in the event of a kitchen accident, he does not put out the fire--he fans the flames.
Because this setting is so unprofessional and unregulated, Bond can get away with anything. Even minimum wage workers are held to a higher standard than this, but Bond has no boss to keep him under control. He is already paid in advance, so he thinks there's no risk in losing money if he abuses his customers. Luckily, in my case, he was wrong--I was able to get Groupon to refund me; I only wish they could have refunded my time. Notably, Groupon no longer supports this "business."
FOOD
The shrimp creole was flavorless, and the gumbo made my dad throw up a day later. Bond's food is so bad that he admitted he once settled a lawsuit for food poisoning the homeless.
INSTRUCTION
The class is NOT completely hands-on and doesn't offer special expertise that you couldn't have learned from a recipe book or online. You will not get your own workplace to make your own meal; this is 1 small home kitchen with 8 people cooking the same meal. You'll get isolated tasks to help create part of the meal, but not the holistic experience--at times you'll have to stand by and watch others cook. The chef did all the plating himself. This is hardly a cooking class--it's more like working a crowded soup kitchen.
UPDATE
Upon writing this review, I've received a thank-you message from Bond's son-in-law that has never met him. He says that Bond is a "scum bag dead beat dad" who "stole money from my wife's family and moved to New Orleans." I'm glad my money never went to, as he put it, "this sorry excuse of a man."
BOTTOM LINE
Save your money or spend it on one of NOLA's many authentic, health-inspected, certified cooking schools. Perhaps spend it on a recipe book and an elegant dinner at a restaurant--you would learn more, you would eat better food, and you wouldn't be treated like garbage.The cooking class was so fun!! We chopped, sauté, and learned how to make two different roux. We ate what we made. Our instructor was amazing. He made us look like we can really cook. This is a must do.My son and I booked at the last minute so we didn't expect much.  Instead, it turned out to be one of the highlights of our trip.  The chef was knowledgeable, informative, and entertaining.  We learned many things, can't wait to show off in our kitchen at home.  There just isn't a substitute for "hands-on" schooling.  I would highly recommend this cooking school and look forward to the next class we take when we visit New Orleans in the future.Such a great experience!
We are in New Orleans for a week and my husband booked a Creole cooking class for us. I was super excited to learn true Creole cooling in the South. 
This was an intimate experience with three of us and our Chef.   We walked in and our cooking area was all set up and ready for us. Our Chef provided us with a ton of local and surrounding history about cooking  and how it came about. It was truly interesting information. 
All three of us were at all different levels of knowledge in the kitchen. The Chef was professional and patient. He demonstrated every step in the process and ensured everyone felt comfortable.  
After all of the prep work was finished we stepped to the cooking station. This is where the true magic happens. I loved the fact that we all participated and had the opportunity to experience and practice. 
Another thing that I loved as that we did taste tests throughout the process so that we could taste the change after certain items were added. 
I won't give away all the secrets of the class as the in-person experience is the only way to go, but it is one that you want to book. 
My husband and I were throughly impressed all the way around and we look forward to our next class when we return. 
This is a must go to!I thoroughly enjoyed Chef Scott and his culinary expertise.  He easily accommodated the beginner and advanced cooks. The tempo was adequate enough to keep up with while allowing for any questions.  Everything was hands-on...which was delightful. 
He gave several honest non-tourist eatery recommendations during the class. Shared some of his favorite holiday recipes.  An overall great experience, he was jovial but to the point. The wine and mimosas flowed, our dishes were Phenomenal!  I now have the nerve to turn my nose up at online recipes for gumbo and roux. 
I bought his Cajun seasoning as a take away,
money well spent!