This place is perfect! Sitting in the courtyard, enjoyed some great eats and amazing cocktails. Mia, our server, has made our visit to NOLA perfect! She was super attentive and even gave us a shot of their drunken monkey! Live music to boot, cannot miss this stop!Jamison was amazing! Had a great time at this place. Live band was fantastic and so was the service.Great food and drinks! The waitress Jameson was awesome and always made sure we were taken care of.My server Danielle  was very rude to me when I asked her for my milkshake and told me that "I'm busy right now" and didn't come back to the table with my wife and I. How unprofessional and when the food arrived with the shake the food was cool. Sad server and should not represent this place. Will not return.The yard is good. Good bar food. When you enjoying yourself on Frenchman St, consider walking towards Esplanade Avenue.  Yard is close to Hotel de la Monnae across from the Mint
They have live bands and outdoor dining seating. Great entertainment. 
We ordered fried chicken tender basket with fries and coleslaw. We really enjoyed our meal. The have a good selection of American foodI almost passed up this little gem and I am so glad we didn't. We visited in May 2021 just as covid 19 restrictions were lifting. They had just approved live musician performances so there was not a lot to be found in the city. We were told to take the river front street car to the end if the line and check out Frenchman Street. We got off and headed to Frenchman St and turned right and it was right there. Girls were trying to entice us in but I wanted to see what else was available so we passed the outside patio where we could see and hear music and kept walking. There was nothing else open that we could see so we turned around and headed back. We slipped into the patio area and asked for a menu and the music started. We stayed there for a few hours. we had great food, great drinks and great music!! Loved this hidden gem!! The boody mary with cucumber vodka and bacon was great!Loved the outdoor seating, live music, and friendly staff! We chose here because of the limited live music options with Covid and we like outdoor seating, however we loved the casual and uplifting vibes the place had. Our server, Caitlin, was very friendly and personable. She's definitely a hard worker, as she told us how she just relocated here but is already a manager! Also liked the touch of glitter I saw on some workers haha. I hope to be back soon!1st time visitors and loved it in an area where they have other places to visit the yard stands out strong drinks great service and vibes and kids are welcome.Came here during my trip to New Orleans (11/12/20) we were a party of 6 and upon entering noticed there wasn't a hostess. We walked towards the patio where a live band was playing and seated ourselves. A waitress came over and brought menus. It took 10-15 mins before another waitress returned to take our drink order, our original waitress was taking shots with a table and forgot about us. I ordered the Cuban and was very disappointed. It was very dry and was excessively smeared with mustard. Our original waitress returned to take our drink order when we already had our drinks, she appeared to be intoxicated at this point and continued to take shots. Due to covid everything closed at 11, we asked for our check at about 10:30 but the waitress again was too busy taking shots and seemed to have forgotten us. Two members of our party went to the bar to request our check on two separate occasions and the bartender refused to print the check. Finally I went about after waiting for a half hour for our check and it was printed. To say I was not impressed with the service and presentation of the staff was an understatementI visited this place with a friend and it's super dope. The service was great and the food was great. Family friendly, but I would recommend going thing for a nice night out.Great bar tender service consistently keeping it rockin
lots of space great music every night. badass ambiance all over sexy experience. Jah blessed.Amazing service and the oysters are amazing.  Darnell and team were so accommodating!  Thank you!New Orleans is back open and you def feel the effects at this establishment. They were out of a lot of things which is understandable business got swamped. I came in on a Sunday I believe with my mom we were down the street and left our party because we got bored. I would be lying if I said I stumbled upon this place I've been to the previous business it was before it became The yard and the one before that . The host seated us and we waited about 15 min for a waiter then we just sat at the bar . The bartender  with the awesome colored hair was a cool such a friendly guy it's not his fault they were out of honey mustard. I ordered the chicken strip basket and to my surprise the chicken strips were well seasoned and just worth everything they didn't have. I will def be back and I'll bring another person as well.We stopped by hoping for some live music in the outdoor courtyard and were not disappointed!! Our server, Jamaison, was attentive and fun.  The band, ACE Brass Band was AMAZING and so fun it was almost impossible to not get up and dance.  My only complaint was our bar bill was way too high, but we did buy a round for the band.  Thanks for the great night!We ordered food to go earlier tonight, we arrived to get the food when they told us to and we still waited.
All of the food was cold.
We ordered 2 jerk chicken sandwiches and the jerk wings and the pimento toast.
The jerk wings didn't come tossed and they were chicken tenders not wings, and they're also supposed to come with fries (per the note on the menu).
The sandwiches were identical and super sloppy.
All of it was cold, we live less than 5 minutes away.
The pimento cheese does not taste like pimento, and it came with tortilla chips???
I am so confused by this sloppy experience... it was just really not a good meal.
2 stars because at least the jerk sauce was good and the fries while cold were okay too.Great live music even during the pandemic, which is rare in Frenchmen now. Our server Jameson was fun and made the night even better!Fantastic place. Hood good and drinks. Courtyard is fantastic. Music on weekend.  Tent set up outside for weather.Great burger joint outside with a courtyard and live music. Came with a group of friends on bikes and was surprised to find live music. The food was very good. My friend had the shrimp and fried green tomato salad that we excellent. Another friend had the mushroom Swiss burger that looked great. I had the Cuban and another friend had the cochon poboy, neither of which were as good as the burger or the salad. Will be back.We discovered the Yard while wandering in the French Quarter during our first trip to New Orleans. We heard live music playing which was awesome given the restrictions in place due to Covid19. Situated across the street from the New Orleans Jazz Museum, we were greeted at the entrance by a super friendly gal who was very welcoming. Being a native to New Orleans (I wish I could remember her name!) she offered to answer any questions we had about the City or the Yard's menu. The menu looked great as did the beer and cocktail choices. Since it was mid afternoon we opted for milkshakes and an order of Boxty's - stuffed mashed potato balls flash fried and dressed with a tangy glaze/sauce. Very unique and delicious!
The Yard is a fairly new establishment in a well seasoned location. The outdoor patio (where the band played) was a great space to chill. 
Top notch customer service, attention to detail and great food/drink ha me looking forward to my next visit to NOLA.This place has a great atmosphere with an awesome drink and food menu. Our waitress, Jameson, took great care of us and made it a good time - we'll be coming back specially to see her again. The live music was top notch too! Outdoor seating, dog friendly, good people, food and drinks... check it out especially if the weather is niceWe were never able to eat. We arrived and we were advised they did not serve lunch until 2 but had a breakfast menu. I do not want breakfast when it is almost 2 pm. The waitress told us lunch would be served at 2:00 and as that was only 15 minutes away, we decided to have a drink and wait. I was brought a watered down coke that was disgusting and I swear was on another table. At 2, the waitress came over and told us they actually did not start lunch until 3. What a waste of time. 
They really need to rethink only have breakfast items until 3.Great place and a pleasant change from the crowd and chaos of Bourbon Street. We stumbled upon the Yard after getting off the trolley to wander around by the French Market. The live music lured us to the Yard so we took the bait. What a find. Fantastic service by Andy, a pleasant atmosphere and good food for half the price that we paid on Bourbon Street karat nightWe left with full bellies and some promising referrals for places to visit during our stay.We had a great time. They had excellent covid measures, excellent service, cold beer, and good food. Special mention to Tiffany! She was amazing!Yesterday was second time coming to the yard and I have to say it was such an memorable and an amazing experience !! Our waiter and bartender Amanda and Tiffany were so amazing !! Their service was top notch and they're kindness and attentiveness did not go unnoticed. From the minute i walked  into the yard to the time I left I was greeted with a smiles and vibrancy. They made my friend's bday celebration so special and fun! And the food was even better this time !! I would highly recommend the yard for it's delicious food, cocktails and welcoming atmosphere. Great place to chill and have a good time. Looking forward to my next visit. 5 stars all aroundTHIS PLACE IS AWESOME!!!!! Totally happened upon it while walking back to hotel from another restaurant. It's a little off the beaten path...which is also one of the many reasons this place kills it. As we got closer to The Yard, we could hear live music (this was on a Tuesday night) that was VERY, VERY GOOD. We couldn't help but walk in, and it just got better and better. Rocc Out was jamming hard on the patio: trumpet, trombone, bass-tuba, saxophone, drums, and keyboard. They played both covers and originals and displayed great diversity in style of play. There was something for everyone. The vibe of the patio is very cool as it's situated in a quasi-residential neighborhood. Sorry, just now mentioning the food, but it too is VERY, VERY GOOD. It was our last night, so we were just feeling burgers/fries and milkshake (cookies/cream). It was exactly what we needed. Seriously, definitely check this place out. The servers and bartender are very accommodating and laid back. No sense of urgency to get people in and out. Stick around and take it in!Food and music are absolutely amazing.  I went about 5 times for my weeks visit to New Orleans. The night life is great and the staff are so friendly.Stopped last night after just getting into town. My wife and I had shrimp po boys with bacon cheese fries. The food was awesome. The shrimp were a little on the spicy side for my wife but she is a little wimpy. The live music was awesome also. The service was good. The waitresses were working very hard and were super friendly!Don't miss out on this great laid back spot with fabulous food!!  The Pepper Jelly Chicken sandwich was so enormous I thought I would not be able to finish it, but I DID!!  It was so delicious I couldn't stop eating it. The courtyard was so delightful with fun music i felt like I was enjoying a local festival. And the fact that is was dog friendly was the icing on the cake. Can't wait to take all my favorite 2 and 4 legged friends and hang out again with the fantastic staff.Had high expectations but wound up disappointed. Came here on a date for dinner on a Wednesday night and would have loved to sit in their very nice courtyard but the band that was playing had the music blasting so loud you couldn't hear anything so we moved inside but with all the doors open it provided little relief. 
Placing our order was a little challenging as our waitress was either drunk or just returned from an alien abduction. Halfway through the order she informed us that she had "blacked out" and didn't write anything we said down so could we repeat it. After giving our order and including sides she started to point out the sides on the menu as evidently she didn't bother writing that down. When we didn't get our drinks she blamed the printer at the bar as she swore she put them in. Best is she picked up my date's half filled water glass in the middle of dinner and just took it, not to refill, just took it. Had to ask another waitress for a replacement. 
As for food I had the BBQ chicken, pretty good. My date had the Cuban sandwich and could only eat half as she said it was pretty bad. I did try and warn her that eating food you like not native to the area is a little risky. Lesson learned. 
If they can get it together it is nicely setup with a patio area.This place is awesome! The courtyard is great and the interior seating looks cool too. Our waitress Mia rocked!Small menu but the food was a step above normal good New Orleans food.  Burger was amazing, and the boneless chicken wings with jerk seasoning rocked. They serve hand cut fries. Good drinks too. I'm definitely going back.What a great find!! We were wandering around on a Tuesday night looking for something to entertain us (and something to eat) in a covid-stricken land of closed bars and quiet streets.  BUT there was hope when we heard music way at the end of the street. We wandered in to find a CUTE little spot with a live jazz band, who were amazing btw. We ordered 2 po'boys, which were both great and a few drinks. Service was good, and the energy was good. I would love to go back! 
dairy/egg/nut free: fried chicken po boy (no mayo)This is a fabulous day drinking place.  The food is great, best burger in New Orleans. Jaclyn is the hottest bartender in the city.  I can not recommend enough.First time there today.  Service was awesome we got there right when it opened but still great service. .  Would definitely go again.  The menu was good and my pork belly sandwich was greatGreat music venue but atrocious food and service. This place has continued to be a disaster since the day it opened. I guess all these reviews are from a different time of day. On a Tuesday evening this place stinks. We have been here multiple Tuesdays and each time they have been short of staff and half the menu isn't available. The food is mediocre to begin with and even worse is the service. The only saving grace is the location and great live music.I had the Cuban sandwich and it was yummy. Excellent customer service. The live music  in the court yard was amazing. I recommend this placeFirst, they got the best Funky Soul band-- Jason Neville!! Must come see for New Orleans! Dine here and enjoy the fried goodness! Recommend the fried catfish and shrimp! They didn't have the oysters when we were here, but I bet they're just as amazing and fresh!! Their french fries are great too! The current menu is limited due to the hurricane. But, still you must come by!The drinks here are strong and tasty! We had our post-wedding dinner here due to Covid. It was easy and the staff was amazing and attentive. The food is affordable and full of flavor. There is an outdoor area and they usually have live music. We will definitely go back here every time we visit New Orleans!This place was so fun! I love the open courtyard where they occasionally play music. Wish the back area had better lighting though.Walk In Because The Music Was Good And I Was Looking For A Burger!! My Waitress KiKi Was So Damn Nice And Has The Prettiest Laugh In The World!! Place Was Pack But She Never Forgot About Me Kept Checking On Me And Making Me Laugh!! Burger Was The Bomb!! I Definitely Come Back Tomorrow!!!I'm a native New Orleanian, so I'll say this place is great for music and outdoor ambiance. It was nice to groove to the band open to the air and moon. I do not however, recommend the food. I had some "fried" catfish that was so disappointing, barely fried and very wet. I'd say, just purchase drinks here, and if you must eat something, order the fries.This place had a great live jazz band and good drinks. Was a Saturday, so not sure if they have live band on weekdays. The band, 3rd Degree, put on an amazing show. Good ambiance out on the patio with social distancing.Worst service and restaurant I have ever been to. Took 45 minutes to get our drinks. We decided to order a second round of drinks as soon as our first round came to the table. We got our food, opened the ketchup bottle, and we got covered in ketchup after it exploded. Nothing was done about the situation or the service and we paid our tabs in full.The food is soooo good!!! Troy turner played live music here when we came on the weekend and it was awesome. The drinks and food are good and our waitress was nice. 
We got the mashed potato ball and catfish with shrimp. One of the best spots we visited here in New OrleansWent here for food and drinks and the drinks took way to long to come out then the chicken was under cooked. After that the ketchup bottle exploded all over everyone sitting at our table. (All we did was open the bottle).I really like this place. Nice courtyard and very good food. The service is top notch. My only negative is the drink prices. The drinks are made with fresh juices and are great but toooo expensive.The live music outside will blow your mind!!!! The bar itself has semi rude staff and the food is aight but one of the few places kids are allowed after dark for live music on FrenchmanGreat spot, awesome that they are doing live music in a safe and socially distant (but still fun!!) fashion, and if you get Jameson as a server she'll take care of you!I'm not sure how we got a menu from The Yard but I'm really happy we did. We ordered takeout and everything was great! We got the Cajun Poutine, Cuban Sandwich and Yard Burger and all were way beyond our expectations. We'll definitely go back! Located in the Marigny just a stones throw from the French Quarter. Can't wait to try the Gumbo Fries! The staff is also very friendly.Great service from Mia, loved the band and food is awesome. Especially the cat fish Po Boy and potato saladAfter having The Yard on my short list for the past month or two, I'm glad I took the opportunity to walk over for an experience that actually exceeded my expectations.  The live music was awesome.  The courtyard was super clean and comfortable.  The service provided by Tiffany was spot on.  
They were out of our first appetizer choice (roasted sweet corn), but the pimento cheese toast was a winner.  For a cocktail, I went with an Artemis (ok two, but who's counting), while my date opted for a very mediocre Pinot Noir.  (They'd be well served to improve their wine offerings).  
The entrees, mushroom swiss burger and pulled pork sandwich, were both outstanding!  Oh, and those fries with cheese and bacon... delicious!  I never thought I'd find a better burger than Port of Call, but I did!!!Entertainment is always great. I have came to New Orleans a couple of times and always find myself at Yard 405 Frenchmen. Music is always great. Tonight's feature is playing Sublime and Reggae music.Cool music vibe. Solid Nola bottles and a rocking courtyard in the Nola Marigot. Great scene.My friends and I did a lunch date here where we each ordered different burgers and sandwiches (Swiss & Mushroom, Jerk Sandwich, Today's Special, and Yard Burger) and split them into fours to share. Our server and I believe he was our bartender, was patient as we took a while to make a decision and just overall funny and nice. The chef, Warsaw (yep! That's his name, lol) came out to greet us to see how we liked our food. He chatted with us for a while explaining how he played with some of the flavor concepts and his overall love for his profession. Overall, The Yard is a beautiful space that's a refuge from the street beat, tasty & interesting food, great service! Belo
Food: My favorites are the Jerk and Today's special which was fried chicken breast on a bun with pepper jelly, cream cheese, and pickles. The chicken on these burgers are huge, fried, and seasoned to perfection. The jerk packed some heat with a little sweet. I was pleasantly surprised with the pepper jelly and cream cheese sandwich. It was a perfect blend of so many flavors blending together. And the fries! The fries are thin cut, golden, and taste like homemade fries. Oh and almost everything is made in house y'all! 
Appetizers: To start, we had fried pickles and grilled watermelon. The fried pickles were spears that were cut into cubes and fried with a tempura like batter, which we loved because it wasn't as salty as most fried pickles. The grilled watermelon was interesting. It's served warmed (fresh off the grill) with sauce drizzled that taste like miso. I think it was miso. It was an interesting mix between savory and sweet. 
Drinks: the drinks were great! Not too strong but will get you where you need to be while still tasting great. We ordered Moscow Mules, Artemis, and Kali. All very refreshing drinks to sip while sitting on their beautiful patio.It was late, we were hungry, we had just arrived in the city and this place didn't need a reservation so we went. We seated ourselves and waited for 15 minutes before we could flag down a waitress. During our wait, we listened to a group of ten women hangrily complain about a two hour wait for food. That's when we spotted our waitress. Deer in the headlights, scampering back and forth like she had lost her mother after dealing with a bout of amnesia. Glutton for punishment, we gave her our order. My daughter ordered the mushroom burger to which the waitress replied that she wasn't sure if that item was available but she would check and come let us know. In true New Orleans fashion, our waitress was a true voodoo queen and pulled the ultimate vanishing act and did not return to our table. 50 minutes later, food carried by another waitress magically appeared. Starving and willing to separate with a kidney for food, the youngest looked at her "mushroom" burger which was served with the wrong cheese and covered with Jalapenos. No mushrooms were harmed in the making of this burger. Knowing that the only way to get someone's attention would be to set off a signal flare, I got up and searched for the lady that delivered our food. She took my daughter's food and promised a 20% off of the bill for our long wait and for getting the order wrong (never got the 20% off btw). 10 minutes later, she returned with the burger. I had waited to eat because I did not want to start chomping down in front of the young one until she had her grub. As we both inhaled half of our burgers like starving hyenas stumbling upon a dead cow carcass, I discovered that I was doing just that. My burger was undercooked but at this point, I was hungry enough to brave the chance of midnight diarrhea if that's what was in the cards for me.  I glanced over at my daughter and warned her that her food may possibly be undercooked and noticed a puddle of blood in her plate. Since my daughter is not a blood sucking leach like her mother, I hurriedly told her to stop consuming the e coli covered in cheese. That's when I glanced at my wife and told her it was time to go. Since I'm not a jackass and I felt sorry for the waitress who we had seen cry earlier after getting nailed on by the party of 10, I tipped her five bucks and we split. If it's late and this is your only option, I suggest scouring the dumpsters by the French Market.  You have a better chance of not catching the drizzling poops the next morning. Trust me on this one.Hidden gem on Frenchmen. If you looking for some food made with intent and love this is the place to go. It's a perfect spot for small groups looking to grab creative burgers, chicken sandwiches and cocktails. I had occasionally passed this place up and always had on my mind to stop in. Soo glad I took the leap. Me and my friends spilt the mushroom burger, jerk chicken sandwich, and their special of the day (fried chicken sandwich with jelly and cream cheese), the yard burger, grilled watermelon, and lastly friend pickles. Everything we ordered was cooked just right. Burger patties were juicy and fried chicken breast were battered and fried just right. I HIGHLY recommend this place.Very cool, informal but cool vibe. Down on Frenchman's makes it fun when the weathers nice!We wandered a mile from our hotel and found this great spot. Cute outdoor courtyard with fantastic live music. It was a really impressive 7 piece band playing funk and jazz. We ordered drinks and an appetizer. 
We had the loaded potato skin nachos. They were a little spicier than expected but soooo delicious! Anyways. We definitely recommend the yard on Frenchman for great vibes, nice atmosphere
And a snack and drink.Great music every evening. Nice tent in the courtyard. and that's about all! Warning - the food is awful, and who can screw up a beer! The servers try hard but they are swimming upstream until they find a real chef and make a decent menu. so, have a beer and enjoy the blues, jazz, funk, and more, live, in person and really most enjoyable.The first time we stopped into this little place, it was delicious! Both the food and the cocktails were fantastic! The service was slow, and the waitress seemed inexperienced but it was all good. (Prob would've been a 4 star rating). We were told during our first visit that they live music every night and we should come back! "Cool!" 
We tried to return that night to get a cocktail, maybe a snack, and here some good music. We were stopped at the door and told that they were completely full and couldn't let anyone else in. However you looked in and the entire indoor portion of the restaurant was empty. Still, gave them the benefit of the doubt, said oh well and left. 
The next night, we were both really craving this peanut butter boozy milkshake they made(the first time). Attempted to go back, was told the same thing but this time asked if we could sit inside as we didn't need to be right up with the music on the patio. She said that was fine and that we could also just belly up to the bar(I don't why this wasn't an option the night before). We get to the bar, ask for our milkshake and told they "can't make those right now". STILL giving them the benefit of the doubt, it was late, bar was busy. No worries, we thought. 
Y'all...we attempted to go back AGAIN. This time it was about 2pm, the place was empty. I'm talking, maybe 5 tables with patrons. They gave us a full menu, and when my husband asked for the (same) milkshake...listed on their menu as their special drinks they make....they told us they "can't make those right now". We ordered an appetizer and didn't have an issue. However, while waiting and eating our food, ALL THE OTHER tables were told that the kitchen was closed and they could only order drinks. We watched as people just dropped like flies from their restaurant. 
The food(when you can get it) is really really delicious. Cocktails(when you can get them) are on point! But, this adorable little restaurant isn't going to last if they can't figure out their bar, their kitchen, and their staff. I still have them three stars, because of those reasons. Just be wary and I'd call prior to dining to make sure you can actually eat and drink.