I'm terribly disappointed to see how badly this place has declined. It seems that since they were featured on the Food Network they think they are celebrities, and that they are doing you a favor by allowing you to dine there. I lived in New Orleans for ten years pre-Katrina, and had remembered the Coffee Pot as a charming, old-school restaurant with great food and friendly service. I was shocked at how poorly we were treated, and embarrassed that I brought my friends there, some of whom had never been to New Orleans before. 
I would like to begin by saying that I have worked in the restaurant industry my entire life, I am beyond patient and understanding when dining out, but there is absolutely no excuse for the way we were treated. We went for brunch on Sunday, 3/1. There was a bit of a line, but it was moving quickly so we decided to wait. What a mistake! As we got closer to the front, we were greeted by a surly hostess who seemed annoyed that we were there. She asked how many were in our party, gave us a severe look, and disappeared. 
We were eventually sat at a table with no menus and waited. And... waited. For a long time. Eventually a waitress shuffled over. At this moment my friend had been showing me a photo on her phone, and our waitress barked at us in a caustic tone to, "Put your toys away." She dropped menus on our table and disappeared without taking a drink order. 
Again we waited. We had more than enough time to read the entire menu, decide what we wanted to eat and drink, even had time leftover to discuss the weather, this year's Jazz Fest lineup, and the meaning of life. When our waitress finally returned with water, she again admonished us to put our "toys" away, and vanished without taking a drink or food order. 
We continued to wait helplessly, and at this point I'm getting annoyed. Any restaurant that's been open this long should know well enough that a drink order should have been taken by now. After we'd been sitting for nearly 25 minutes, we looked around for our waitress and realized that she was just standing in the window of the kitchen, waiting for food to come up. 
Now look, the place was not understaffed. There were three waitresses on the floor and what appeared to be a hostess that was helping bus tables and make drinks. The place is tiny, and the outdoor seating was closed save for two tables. They were full, but not even close to being busy enough to justify such slow service, although as another reviewer mentioned, the entire staff has a serious lack of time-management skills. Even harder to justify, however, is the attitude we were getting from everyone. 
I finally went over to the kitchen/bar area and asked the woman behind the bar if someone could take our food and drink order. She didn't seem too interested in helping me, but did ask who our waitress was. At this point, our "waitress" turned around and asked in a hostile tone, "What's the problem over there?"
Excuse me? What's the problem? The problem is that it's been almost a half an hour since I sat down and I'd like to order something to eat and drink! She yelled at me that she was waiting for another table's food to come up and that when it was ready and she had dropped it off, she would be over to take our order. ARE YOU EFFING KIDDING ME?? 
After almost ten more minutes she came over to take our order, and hostilely asked us for ID when we ordered alcoholic beverages. She did manage to take our food order at the same time, however she made several mistakes with our entire order, including bringing potatoes when we asked for grits and forgetting to bring a beverage my friend had ordered. She also had to come back because she forgot what side dish we had ordered. She made a lame attempt to try to backpedal on her former hostility, but the damage was done. I will give credit where credit is due, the food was good enough, the grits were fantastic, although they had clearly used frozen spinach on my eggs sardou, and the hollandaise was bland. 
Here's the final insult, they had the nerve to add an 18% gratuity to our bill, and we were only a party of four! This was not stated ANYWHERE on the menu, trust me, I looked at the menu again to check. The fact that they were adding gratuity explains the poor service, it also explains the I-don't-give-a-shit attitude from the staff. If my one friend hadn't had to get to the airport for her flight, I would have called the manager and refused to pay the gratuity, because it is ILLEGAL to add a service charge to a bill without advance notice, they can't force you to pay it! I told the hostess how unhappy we were, she didn't seem to care.
All in all, it was a very disappointing experience. My friends who still live in New Orleans agree that the Coffee Pot has really gone downhill in recent years, especially since their Food Network "fame." The sad thing is that there will probably always be tourists gullible enough to go because they saw it on TV! Be warned, stay away!Good food. Abusive service. Calas are weird.Solid breakfast place right near Pat Os. Not a bad line and the back room is kinda outside which is nice if the weather permits.Found this place looking for gumbo when we were in New Orleans and we loved it.  The servers were so nice and friendly, it was like being at my husband's grandma's house.  The andouille gumbo was amazing.  Even my vegetarian friend ordered a bowl!  We even got a picture with the resident spirit who hangs out there.  I can't wait to go backDinner was fair. Nothing great about the meal except the bread pudding. Service was mediocre.So happy my boyfriend and I got to experience this gem. The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. I got worried when I decided to the check reviews as we waited to place our order, but decided to stay despite the negative reviews. Glad we did! Jaclyn is the sweetest, and made great dinner suggestions. my boyfriend had the Triple D and I had the crab cakes with sweet potato hash, and green bean casserole. Both were to die for. Everything was cooked to perfection and bursting with flavor. We will definitely be back! (The marching band that went by the window half way through was pretty cool too)Oir first day in NOLA amd stopped here for
Lunch. Had a hurricane and it was the best one we had during our entire stay. For lunch jambalaya was ... Ok. A bit disappointing. My wife had etoufee  and it was very good. 
Ambiance
In the courtyard was fantastic. Shirley our waitress loved to sing to her customers. 
Solid 3 stars.The story of this place is great food, great atmosphere, slow service. It's NOLA. Get over it. This is actually 4.5 starsService amazing, singin  waitress is the bomb,drinks are off the hook and food heavenly! Came to visit from SF (where we have great food too) but the jamalaya was the best I've ever had. Only place in NO we went back twice to eat, yes its that good!Breakfast here was AMAZING!  Please check out the food and the amazing pipes on one of the waitresses there.  She was a start as she sang and served!  Bloody Mary's and The Callas Cakes, I engaged in the Eggs Benedict Johnathan style.  I agree with the patience remark, but I think the best things in life are worth the wait!   
Loved it, we went twice over the weekend(~:I had the calla cakes with pecans, which were really good, though I don't have a point of comparison. Powdered sugar and syrup can't go wrong. I paired it with bacon. (The rating is for the calla cakes only.)Food was very good as is usually the case here but the wait staff must be trained to be that rude. They are even rude to each other. Their time management skills are totally non-existent. Waited 20 minutes for the check after having to request it.  They go to great lengths to avoid eye contact once you are seated. 
We have been there several times a year over the  past 30 years and many on the staff are the same people . In this case that is not a good thing. They have not mellowed with age they are just grouchy.
They made the soup nazi appear pleasant.I think this was the best gumbo I had while visiting New Orleans. Spicy and chocked full of crab, shrimp, and topped with simple white rice with a side of homemade biscuits. This is a real down home kind of place and the owner and waitresses have apparently been there for years which adds to the home like feeling to this place, almost like going to dinner at a relatives house. Remember to take a peak at the painting on the wall of the restaurant, I'm sure you will spot some of the servers as well as the owner, Pearl, in it. They have indoor seating as well as a courtyard, and upstairs a public restroom is available. (which is a great find when you have been consuming large amounts of daiquiris)AMAZING comfort breakfasts.  Thinking about this place makes my mouth water.  I can't wait to stop back next time I am in NO.
Best breakfast in town I'd say.  Disagree?  recommend something better.  I dare ya :)Best Crab Balls ever. The ambiance is nice and they have great food. I will go back.The service wasn't service. The worst service I have experienced that made my party and I get up and leave. We arrived and waited to be seated. We waited for at least 10 minutes before any communication of any sort. They saw us, the waitress barely acknowledged us but she did. We were seated and given 2 menus for a party of three. The waitress disappeared for so long I got up and got my own menu. Then we waited for our order to be taken. We waited and waited and waited.....we did get to watch every other customer that was seated after us receive some sort of service. That was enough, we had to leave. I understand places are busy but to not even communicate with your customer is just plain unacceptable. No excuses. I will never be back and will never recommend this restaurant.Poor menu
Not very many choices. 
Staff is over at bar reading newspaper instead of working. "If you got time to lean you got time to clean"
Place could use a new menu new service and new look. 
Wouldn't be back. To many other better places for better / less price.The food and atmosphere is great.  The waitress was great and I will always come back for more.  My Aunt Jane wanted me to say she loved the place.Good for breakfast / brunch. Went there for dinner and it was mediocre. If you like french toast or like sweet things, you must try the Lost Bread. Hands down it is the best thing to get =)We came here for a late-ish breakfast and were not disappointed.  Much like you'd except from a place with "coffee" in it's name, their coffee was some of the best I've had in my life - smooth, not bitter and flavorful without beating you over the head with it.  I miss it.  I also miss the Eggs Sardou.  Shutituprightnow, that dish is AH-MAZE-ZING.  Really. I've had a ton of Eggs Benedict in my life, it's my favorite breakfast/brunch dish, hands down.  I've had Eggs Sardou before.  Tons.  But this Eggs Sardou was just out-freaking-standing.  The spinach was cooked perfectly, without any bitterness and wasn't overly creamy - the spinach flavor really shined.  Now you can offer me artichoke hearts on a used flip flop and I'll eat 'em cuz I LOVE 'em but TOCP does something - something awesome - to theirs that just made the dish explode with flavor.
Just so you know I'm not some TOCP kiss-ass, I will offer up a negative... I was robbed of one of my artichoke hearts.  One English Muffin had a lovely plump heart and the other had a sad little sliver of artichoke.  I suffered in silence.
Oh, one more kinda-sorta negative...they should really offer a fruit plate or something light for folks not wanting a big breakfast.  All my companion could get was a banana.  Wahh wahh wahhhhh.Food horrible.  Seemed like it is precooked and then heated.  Both dishes we ordered came cold.
Staff very friendly.Surely after your drunken debaucherous escapades in the French Quarter you'll be requiring a next-level breakfast, and while by rule I must deduct one star for the large autographed poster of Guy Fieri by the front door, the Old Coffee Pot otherwise thoroughly delivers. Our go-tos are the Lost Bread, an addictively sweet creole take on French toast, and the Eggs Sardou, which beds poached eggs on creamed spinach and artichoke hearts, topped by some serious Hollandaise. Pow-pow! Your brekky is best enjoyed at the outdoor tables with a view of Saint Peter Street, so you can take in quality early morning people watching while you fill up on coffee and pull yourself together again at a leisurely pace.Great food but terrible service from Menia. No offer to refill coffee. Couldn't find her way back to the table until the check came. Really frustrating when the food was so good.Absolutely loved it.  Great location and good food.  The only downside was the singing waitress.  Big proud wonderfully-toned voice...but a bit off-key so a little painful.I was recently in the French Quarter and was walking around on a Wednesday morning with my wife and two kids looking for a place to have breakfast. We found the Coffee Pot and had the best breakfast experience we had in New Orleans on our stay, and we ate at all the reputable breakfast stops. ( Brennan's and The Blue Bird among a few) This place has the greatest waitstaff and man what an omelette. We really enjoyed it and after a few other breakfast we regretted not sticking with what worked.We were greeted by the most kurt unfriendly waitress.  They didn't bring my wife's bacon.  I ordered an omelette with no onions and home fries.  I got an omelette with tons of onions and grits.  The waitress did apologize and halved my bill.  But, it was a breakfast gone bad.   The coffee was good.I'm a foodie, so trust me when I say this place has the best grits, corn beef hash, biscuits, and bread pudding. Nuff said!I really wanted this to be a good experience.  We had a group of 7 people and the food took forever.  In fact, we were going to leave but the manager stopped us and offered a free meal if we would come back and try again.  We ate our meal, but never went back.  Nothing was spectacular about this place other than it being convenient to our hotel.  I'm not sure that i'll ever go back.I loved The Old Coffee Pot! I had breakfast 2 days in a row here. I usually don't do that, but the food was delicious! I believe that is family owned and you get that vibe, which is always nice to know. One of the servers gave a buddy of mine the nickname "butter" due to the fact that he had a lot of trouble opening the butter packet...the name fits well I suppose.
Anyway, I'm not sure about other meals but everything that we tried was super good during breakfast hours. So here are the highlights of the yumminess:
-Lost Bread : Big pieces of French Toast NOLA style, can be eaten by itself
-I can't remember what breakfast combo it was called, but there is one dish that had eggs, ham, grits, and a cala cake (I wasn't a huge fan of the cala cake, but I could see it being a delectable treat for someone else).
-Red Beans and Rice: Super gooooooood!!Came in during the late afternoon to have a quick bite.  Fries are very good, so is the chicken and andouille gumbo with a side of cornbread (an additional $4, pricey considering but good IMO).  
A must try is the Cala Cake, a deep fried confection from the 1800's.  Blend of rice, Caribbean & African spices, pecans, and sugar.  Have this with some coffee.  Yummm!The breakfast was fantastic. I had the lost bread french toast and hubbs had the biscuits and gravy that has sausage links and eggs. The gravy is awesome. Gotta learn how to make it. The French toast was great also.This place is unreal. We walk in and nobody was here and we almost left, but sat down and ordered the Fried Chicken with sausage gravy and biscuits. It was probably one of the best things I've ever eaten. You have to get it. We are coming back tomorrow!Now I know why I've never been in The Old Coffee Pot Restaurant... food marginal at best.  Chicken sandwich tough and no flavor, red beans were really disappointing and the slab of cornbread was cold and sweet... and the server was confused from the very beginning.So I was in NO with 7 other friends to celebrate over the weekend prior to the weekend before Fat Tuesday. We mostly ate out over the course of four days. Our first stop was The Old Coffee Pot Restaurant on St. Peter between Bourbon and Royal. This spot has a reputation for breakfast eats but we arrived around 9ish on a Thursday night. There were a few tables taken but overall the place was pretty quiet.  The special for that day was half poboy sandwiches and gumbo.
We all pretty much had variations (shrimp, oyster, catfish) of the special along with the 2 for 1 drink special. We all were partial to the bread--in general I think bread is key to a good poboy--and the bread they used was fresh, not too hard and lightly buttered. The catfish was fried to perfection with just a hint of seasoning. Now for the gumbo they offered seafood and chicken and I went with seafood. The flavoring was slightly off--it didn't really have the seafood flavoring but it was okay. The chicken gumbo was better so I would suggest trying a cup of that first. The prices were moderate especially with the 2 for 1 drinks so if you happen to be passing by I would say give it a try.This place was a pleasant surprise this AM. Also a quick walk from Bourbon Orleans Hotel. We enjoyed everything, from the moment we were welcomed by Gaynel to our last drop of coffee. Loved the Callas & lost bread, a delicious change from the beingets from the popular spot a few blocks away IMO might be my new favorite in NOLA.  Everything was simple but fresh & flavorful. Definitely adding to our NOLA go-to list.  Can't wait to go back and try more dishes thanks again to Gaynel for the warm hospitality. Krewe from ChicagoHit this place up on a Sunday around noon.  Service was awful, but the food was worse.  The gumbo was all salt with a few small shrimp swimming in it.  Saltiest soup type dish I've ever had anywhere, condensed Campbell's is more palatable.First of all, if you visit NOLA you need to understand there's two types of servers. One is downright pleasant as a southerner can be and the other is a take no gruff sarcastic, but playful fun server. It's a different lifestyle down here. As someone who lived there for a decade and a half I can tell you this place was tasty, fun, and the staff was great. The server sang my uncle happy birthday and another tune that just about made us cry and definitely gave us chills. Was she sassy and demanded we nurse our hangovers with bloodies and mimosas? Yes, hair of the dog people. Was she sassy and told us to stay off our phones? Yes, because we should be enjoying each other and not our devices. That's why we were together to eat. Did she sass my aunt when she asked for iced coffee? Yes, she said you mean coffee with ice? We laughed and laughed. Moral of the story is don't be uptight in New Orleans.Went for breakfast and was really disappointed. I expected good eats based on the reviews here. Instead I got really hard lost bread, lukewarm eggs with un melted cheese and sausage that looked like a McDonald's sausage patty. I was not impressed or satisfied.Took a little bit to get seated, but service was great afterwards, and oh what good food. Got the Louisiana Trio (jambalaya, gumbo, red beans n rice), an appetizer that filled me right up, and was just delicious. The interior is very quaint and typical of the French Quarter.C'est Bon! My favorite place for a delicious quick bite to eat. Their cornbread tastes so good, make you wanna slap yo' mama! To waitress Ashley, thank you for the tips & awesome service!Here's a bit of advice:  If a restaurant is named "The Old Coffee Pot," don't go there for dinner.  Most of the negative reviews (including someone coming out of the restaurant) were regarding dinner service, while most of the positive reviews were for breakfast.  
While it's a bit pricey for breakfast (expect to pay about $15-20 per person), if you don't order a standard "egg and ham" breakfast, you're in for a real treat.  We went there twice, and the highlights were:  1) Callas ("cally") cakes, 2) grits and grillades, 3) french toast.  (The soul omelet was merely good...)I want to love this place. It's quaint, family owned and the waitresses are personable and memorable. Shirley is nothing short of amazing, and she even sang a spiritual for us while we ate our brunch. Everything was served "with love." I just wish that the food had been exceptional when compared to other nearby options. The menu had some creative and fresh omelette and scramble options not available elsewhere, and all of the breakfast items were above average. There was just nothing that stood out or that was so good that I feel that I would have to return. I observed the creole and cajun entrees others ordered, and it looked just fine -- but just not so enticing that I would think of returning to experience it. The grits were exceptional, as others have noted. I recommend that the owners revisit the menu but continue to provide the fun and special experience."Feel the love" that's their motto and you sure will feel it from the staff and from the food. 
Went here for breakfast, and boy was it good. I had the calla cakes and my friend had the eggs Johnathon, both were great. I had to come back the next morning for the love and the food. 
This is truly a gem. It's a small place, but certainly worth any wait you may have. By far this has been my favorite dining experience in New Orleans.Being obsessed with New Orleans culture and history, we made our first stop on our 2-day, action packed trip at the Old Coffeepot. Having read the story of calla (or cala) cakes and finding out this place is the only breakfast spot still making them, we needed to taste this delicious ball of history. 
Calla cakes are fried rice balls, with or without pecans, covered in powdered sugar and served with syrup. The grits on the side were equally wonderful. 
Skip the beignets and try some calla cakes before this piece of New Orleans history disappears.Food well below average. Had the Eggs Jonathan. Poach eggs where pretty much hard boiled; potato chips where actually potato squares from a packet and not crunchy (seemed like they were cooked earlier); bacon was more like a slice of lean ham; the 'biscuits' are just ordinary scones served with airplane butter and jam samples. Nothing to rave about.
Poaching eggs to be hard boiled is a sin in my opinion :(
Positives are - Nice atmosphere and setting. Waiters are very polite although it took 15mins to get a menu to us.Ask for Pearl.  I have been going to here since 1993.  I often get the jumbalaya or the gumbo.  The food is authentic cajun, spicey and delicious.  I think they have the best seafood gumbo I have every had.  I try to visit before going next door to Patty Os.  If you are lucky enough, snag a seat on the back patio.  My first visit, I couldn't understand why the restrooms were upstairs.Pretty good food.  The wait staff is pretty interesting.  We were kind of scared of our waitress at first, but then she grew on us....
I had the half/half benedict and the spinach one was better than the tomatoe one.  I asked for some extra hollandiase which seemed like a huge inconvienence for them.  The bloody mary was pretty good... no one asked if we wanted more drinks after we were finished.  
Overall I think there are better places to dine.  Not bad, not outstanding either.We stopped by  for lunch on our way out of New Orleans. The food was great, We had crawfish pie, jambalaya, green bean casserole and chicken. Good stuff all around.
When we came in the place was packed and there were a couple large groups. The service started off on the slow side, and they needed to be reminded that my wife had ordered iced tea, but once the crowd thinned out things improved a bit. Still not blazingly fast but not annoying. 
The menu lists beer on tap. They don't have any of that. It also lists several beers in bottles that they don't have. Probably best to check with your server to see what they actually do have before trying to order a beer.
If I was rating the food only I'd be happy to give the place four stars.Wow , what can I say?! The only plus about this place is the building layout which is nicely designed and has a nice ambience. The waitress was half way descent especially after the major f ups done by the kitchen and overall restaurant. Do not get the oj, it's so watered down it reminded my wife of tang, she even had to add sugar. We then received our breakfast after one hour of waiting. I ordered the eggs Jonathan (eggs Benedict with tomato). This is where the old coffee pot train flew off the track. THEY BROUGHT ME EGGS BENEDICT WITHOUT HOLLANDAISE SAUCE!!  The waitress said they were defrosting it in the back , YUK! (so not fresh) . I was so hungry I started to dig in while I waited, I figured worst case  I'll have poached eggs with ham tomato and an English muffin, trying to make the best of it, right ? WRONG! Poached?! obviously these ppl don't know how to cook either, the eggs were cooked so long they were hard boiled. On top of that, the English muffins weren't toasted and the tomato was slimey, UGH!!!
Just to finish off the story , I ate what was edible which was not much. The waitress ends up bringing me the small cup of hollandaise about 30 min after bringing us our food. I told her I didn't need it, obvious to only me and everyone else in the world!!! She then whispers "I told the cook not to send out the food but he told me to take it anyways". So in conclusion , this restaurant has HORRIBLE cooks with no type of quality control. Do yourself a favor and go try one of the other dozens of restaurants around the French quarter. So Much better. This place needs to just close down.Delicious. Shrimp and grits and chicken stuffed with crab, green bean casserole, a plump juicy shrimp and a flaky, fluffy biscuit. Good Lawd. We got the crawfish pie to go, of course.I love the look of this place and the food was promising. Cash only tho! Make sure to bring it. Unfortunately, it didn't deliver. My Bloody Mary was bland, no spice. My husband and I both got a dish that had poached eggs, and the eggs were over cooked. Nothing worse than cutting into one and no runny yolk! The potatoes were also without much seasoning. We got good service tho, so that was a plus!! Thank you to our waitress. All in all, probably wouldn't go back.Brunch here is pretty good.  My bf's catfish po boy was better than my cala cakes but we were both satisfied.  I ordered the cala cakes (w/pecans) more out of curiosity than anything.  They're deep fried spiced rice balls sprinkled with powder sugar and served with maple syrup.  Leave it to the South to make something so innocuous as plain rice artery-clogging!  I'm sure the cakes were prepared well, but the whole thing was just too cinnamon-y and sweet for me.  The grits that they came with were really good though, ultra rich and creamy.
My bf's fried catfish po boy was really good.  I guess it's hard to mess up a po boy if you have a fresh loaf and some fresh fish.  It was stuffed full of hot flaky fish.  It was made even better with a dash of the Louisiana hot sauce found in every restaurant in New Orleans.Although there appears to be a problem among management for retaining enough service staff, you can't go wrong with this spot for breakfast. My favorite omelet is Rockefeller $12.95     
Fresh creamed spinach, oysters, onion, bell pepper, and cheese. Don't get put off by oysters with your eggs as it's really delicious. Just be prepared to wait for it and you need to climb steps to the second floor to use the customer bathroom.This location was one of the stops on the food tour that I went on, but the food was so good that I went back for a late dinner that night! I had read that this was a top 10 place to have breakfast at, but I simply wasn't in town long enough to try it. However, the gumbo here was my favorite that I sampled while I was in town. (Like I said, I came back later just to eat it again). Their jambalaya was good as well, but the gumbo was just amazing. When I came back for dinner (around 11pm), I had a cup of the gumbo and their Barbecue shrimp . I thought the shrimp were pretty tasty, and one of my top 3 places that serves this dish. My mom ordered the crab and Andouille gumbo, which had a really good portion of crab in the soup. 
I really wanted to come back here for another meal, but there just wasn't enough time. This place is unique as you can sit inside in what used to be the house, or you can sit where they would bring in the carriages. The service here was very good, and the restaurant itself was beautiful (gorgeous chandelier and mirror on the inside).
Highly recommend this restaurant.Great spot tucked away next to the scary Bourbon Street 
Not a fancy place , and that's how I like it when on vacation 
You feel like you are really at home here and the food is more of a 
High octane version. Exciting flavors and nice portions. You can't find friendlier
People and they will not rush you. We had the jambalaya and a Po Boy
Catfish sandwitch.   Both were really good, and tasted way more exciting than 
The food at one of the expensive spots around the corner 
We also had pralines cheesecake that was epic good.  Yah that good 
Seek this place out, especially if it's raining and those other places you were thinking about going to are packed .First class food. Every time we come to New Orleans we have breakfast here. Willa mae is the best. The lost bread of course is to die for. There was 5 of us and the service could not be better not enough nice things to say about this place.Getting a table is not the easiest. They have a sign asking you to wait to be seated but don't actually come out to seat you very often. The menu was excellent though. We had lunch and then breakfast the next day. The waitress was very friendly (one not serving us was not) and we enjoyed our visit. The lost bread and callas cakes were very good and I liked the gumbo quite a bit. It is really a place worth trying out when wandering around the French Quarter.What a great place for breakfast. Unique creole dishes to match the friendly staff. From creole pancakes to crab cakes Benedict everything is great and reasonably priced for the Quarter. 
Try the hash as a side dish.Came here for lunch because we were in the French Quarter and the name stood out because it was funny.  I got the crawfish étouffée.  It was good!  The dish was really good and it was a lot of food.  Saved my leftovers for a snack!we are locals and we love our city and our food. we saw a show about this place ,so we gave it a try today. tourist trap. the food was not a portrayal of new orleans. the shrimp were cold and small. the local gas stations have better po-boys. the jambalaya had no meat to speak of.it tasted like rice and tomatoes. we left very disappointed.do not ask for anything off the dinner menu at 2 pm. they will not do such a thing. do not waste your money and it is not cheap. for 3 people our bill was 65.00.try k-pauls .the food and service is great. also try elizabeths it is real new orleans foodMy good friend and I decided to have breakfast at this quaint cafe in the Quarter. We're both locals, but wanted to play tourists. Our first impression upon walking in was made by a rude woman standing behind the counter who, when asked if we could sit outside, replied, "If you want," as she dismissed us with a wave of her hand. Ignoring that, it took over twenty minutes to receive our orders. We ordered a variation of eggs Benedict and "Creole" eggs with "housemade" home fries (supposedly made from scratch). The eggs Benedict came with melted butter dumped on top, instead of Hollandaise sauce; and the"Creole" eggs were simply scrambled with a gob of marinara sauce on top. Needless to say, the potatoes were unimpressive, and not housemade at all, soft and cubed - they were obviously previously frozen. Also, for some unknown reason, the credit card machine "broke" and they began only accepting cash. And instead of iced coffee, the waitress simply poured hot coffee over ice and served the diluted beverage without apology. We returned our dishes, very disappointed. What a waste of a beautiful courtyard.While in New Orleans this past October my friends and I decided to try the Old Coffee Pot for brunch and I am so glad we did! 
When we arrived we were seated right away at a table near the bar-perfect! We ordered a round of mimosa's and coffee and then started to look over the menu. Our server was awesome and very helpful. Obviously we were from out of town and she knew it. She made some recommendations and gave us some time to look over the menu. When she returned with out drinks we were ready to order. I went with the French Toast (with real french bread). 
My friends and I chatted and before we knew it the food was arriving! Both of my friends ordered biscuits so I had to take a bite of their-so good and fresh. My french toast was pretty damn good and I really did eat all of it. 
As we were getting ready to pay our tab and leave our server came over to our table and Serenaded us with a Whitney Houston song-HOLY CRAP-she had an amazing voice and hit all the high notes. The entire restaurant stopped talking and we all just enjoyed the show. By the time she was finished we all applauded her and the restaurant went crazy. We had no idea we would get brunch and a show! What a great deal. 
Overall, this was a great brunch experience with delicious food. I will be back and I will recommend this for anyone in the area. Check it out. 
Oh, they don't split checks so be sure you either have cash if you go with a group.So disappointing! Our first night in New Orleans and we stumbled in here. I wish we hadn't! They ran out of almost everything on the menu and what we did order took FOREVER to get. Of the 7 things we ordered, we only got three--they ran out if corn bread, all red wines other than merlot, kids mac n' cheese, and crab cakes. The food at least wasn't bad; it was mediocre, but that's the best thing I can say about this place.Great service and amazing food in a nice small, quaint restaurant.  You have to order the gumbo, which is delicious and one of the best I tried in the French Quarter..This place is wonderful.  I went there for dinner one day and then breakfast the next.  For dinner I had the Crawfish bisque but I had to send it back because it was very salty.  So, I got the fried shrimp and catfish in its place and I was very pleased.  I dined outside but there was an issue of things floating in my beverages (possibly from the roof).  But the waiter replaced my drinks with no problem. The next day I ordered an omelette with spinach, tomatoes, cheese, potatoes and grits on the side.  It was DELICIOUS!  I can't wait to go back.  And the waitresses were absolutely WONDERFUL and charming.Had breakfast here one morning simply because I wanted an omelet and after seeing pictures on Yelp of the food, was sold.  Once I arrived, I didn't order the omelet I craved, but the Plantation breakfast.  The Calla cakes were delicious. I tried to describe them as sweet hush puppies because the calla cakes have the same texture, but apparently that causes people to cringe. So, now I say that the calla cakes are like thicker donut holes.  I personally don't think that does the calla cake justice, because they are much better than donut holes.
Anyway, I digress... back to the meal.  My calla cakes came with an egg (prepared how I liked), creamy grits, and a ham steak. Very simple meal, but it hit the spot.  The serving size was substantial but not excessive.  It was enough food to hold me over to a late lunch.  My husband ordered the Sis Soul meal and I didn't hear him speak for the rest of breakfast.  Very relaxing indeed.
The servers were passive aggressive in their demeanor.  Have you ever met anyone who can insult you while smiling,  and make you feel good about yourself even though you're being insulted?  I haven't, not until I came to this restaurant. But don't get me wrong - this isn't a con, but a pro of this restaurant. I found it entertaining.Sorry to say but we just had a bad experience with the wait staff. Greeted warmly, made to feel at home but it was all wasted when those sat 10 mins after us were served well before our meal was even submitted to the kitchen. Unfortunate at best. Too much gossip going on amongst staff to keep them on their toes and doing what they are there for.I loved the food, the coffee, the atmosphere, everything. I ordered the breakfast combo which was lost bread, some kind of sweet rice balls i forget the name of, & a yogurt parfait. The lost bread is D E L I C I O U S!! The rice ball things were not my favorite, but good nonetheless! My cold brew coffee was also great. I would return again just for the Lost Bread!! It sounds like it would be similar to french toast, but it's really not. It's a very thin piece of bread deep fried with powdered sugar on top, so it's nice & crispy & hot & sweet & ugh just so good. I highly recommend it!Overrated..not good at all, dont even come here,prices dont fit the food...very disappointedAll I can say is the breakfast was out of this world. It's a really small restaurant you would pass it if you weren't paying attention. It's a must try when in New Orleans. The service and hospitality was wonderful. You get enough food to last all day.Love this place. Stopped by for lunch. The "Triple D" entree was perfectly prepared and seasoned. My son ordered the catfish po'boy which was crisp and tasty. Our server was friendly and attentive. We have found a new favorite restaurant for our next visit to New Orleans.Had a wonderful breakfast with my fiancé at this French quarter hangout on Monday morning. The restaurant was bustling at 8:30 in the morning - filled with groups of all ages. We sat at a table in the corner - great view of the room and the people. We ordered the callas cakes and an omelet. The callas cakes were cinnamon-y and had pecans throughout. They tasted amazing and came with 4 on the plate - perfect to share. The omelet was the typical omelet - nothing special but still good. Then mid-way through paying the check, one of the waitresses began singing - she was amazing and the whole restaurant was entranced. It was a fabulous find - very glad we ate there.I asked more than a handful of guides/locals where the best gumbo and jambalaya can be found in the French Quarter and the majority lead me to The Old Coffee Pot. 
After my visit, the food didn't impress me, but I'm convinced they're popular for 3 reasons:
1) This is a historic eatery in NOLA, serving food for more than 100 years.
2) Guy Fieri featured this spot on Triple D
3) It's the only building that survived a horrific fire on St. Peters street many decades ago, hence the reason why this building has Spanish influenced architecture whereas the adjacent buildings have modern ones.
----The Food----
Seafood Gumbo ($5.95/cup)-  Despite having a lot of tiny gulf shrimp and Louisiana crab meat in this meal, it's one of the least enjoyable gumbo's I've tasted.  The consistency is more thin and watery than I'd like and the fish smell is extremely prominent.  I don't question that they use fresh products and it does seem moronic to rag on a seafood dish for being too fishy, but the smell was different...close to being inedible for me.  I contemplated asking for lemon to squeeze into it.  However, most of my group enjoyed it, so I could be in the minority.  Try it at your own risk. 
Jambalaya ($14.95)- Although not the best jambalaya I had during my NOLA trip, (Stanley near Jackson Square has that honor) this particular jambalaya was respectably tasty.  Generous with the protein, it has grilled chicken breast, smoked Andouille sausage, Louisiana spices, and baked long grain rice.  I did like the consistency as the rice mimicked a type of sticky rice.
----
Conclusion: I can't vouch for the gumbo, but the jambalaya and atmosphere of this place may be worth a stop into The Old Coffee Pot.  I felt the service could be friendlier though, but as I expressed in many of my NOLA reviews, the service in the French Quarter veers towards the terrible side of things.
Extra Notes:
-Accepts credit card
-Very beautiful, Spanish decor, projecting a charming environment
-Service needs improvement
-Restrooms could be cleanerThis is a must stop for brunch every time I'm in NOLA. Great food, great service and a homey feeling. Have a Cailia cake!Quaint old local favorite. We both ordered fleur de lis chicken. It was absolutely everything I was hoping for and then some. The chicken was cooked perfectly and it was moist. The bed of green bean casserole with the sweet potato chunks was a good base. The crab cake topped with  shrimp and the sauce completed the chicken magnificently.    
The restaurant itself is decorated quaintly. The rose chandelier is beautiful. This a great quiet place to come for a good New Orleans  meal. They are not open for dinner though so go for lunch and you will not be disappointed.VEGANS!! You CAN eat with your friends in the French Quarter! Among a growing number of venues close to the music in the FQ, count in the coffee pot! It isn't on the menu, but I explained to our server my needs and the chef whipped my up s fantastic grilled vegetable Po' Boy! I was able to dine with my friends without feeling like Iit was an imposition! They all enjoyed their Oyster and Shrimp Po' Boys and Gumbo and  we all had a great time before going to Preservation Hall to hear the real thing! HUGE THANKS!!Service was great and super friendly.  There was a line for brunch.  I had the creole style eggs, which were underwhelming, but also had the french toast, which was super good.  Super fried like a beignet and worth it.  A little heavy & actually can fill you up by itself if you aren't starving.Love this little Dinners Drive-Ins and Dives spot. Accidentally stumbled on it years ago after Red Dress Run. Located right near Pat O's and Preservation Hall. 
Eat the red beans here, but beware of the HUGE serving. It could feed two! I would reccomend the NOLA Sampler that comes with 3 cups: gumbo, seafood bisque and red beans. 
I wish I could give this place 5 stars, but the service was god awful.Callas cakes: cinnamon rice cakes with optional addition of pecans. Served with powdered sugar and syrup. Tasty.
Otherwise, standard breakfast fare. 
Service was slow but not bad. It felt like they were low on wait staff.Went here because we got it confused with the Gumbo Shop.  I've been to New Orleans a ton of times, and this is the worst food I have ever eaten in the city.  Don't waste your time.  There are too many great places to eat in New Orleans!!  
Thank goodness our waitress was so sweet and apologetic for everything they DIDN'T have or we would have walked out!