What a great little place. We were in town for the marathon and needed a place to carbo-load. TThis was a  lucky and great choice...good food, nice service, authentic atmosphere in a tiny restaurant. Well worth it.The restaurant is well presented and cozy. Our server, Aurora, was informative and sweet.  I asked for lasagna and was told it would be an hour before it was ready.  It was 6:00 on a Friday.  Hmmmmm.  Then I ordered osso buco and was told it was not available.  Really????  So I ordered chicken parmigiana.  My husband ordered veal parmigiana. The prosciutto and melon appetizer was excellent. The wine was good. Our entrees arrived and both were burnt!  They covered it with sauce and a slice of mozzarella but burnt nonetheless.  I stopped the host who returned them to the kitchen.  30 minutes later round 2 arrived.  No offer of something in the meantime. Veal was overcooked but not burnt.  My chicken was also dry and overcooked and very brown crusted. Sauce was boring and in short supply and the mozzarella looked like a deli slice.  Altogether underwhelming .  I left 3/4 of the chicken and the side of fettuccini, overcooked, with white (boring) sauce.  When Aurora asked how it was I told her 'not so great'. Any GOOD restaurant would have removed my meal from the bill.  Not this one.Great authentic Italian food.  Super fresh ingredients and nice simple dishes.  We had the bruschetta, prosciutto with cantaloupe, lasagna and house specials.  Everything was perfectly cooked.
Restaurant is small so make reservations if you don't want to wait.  Service was great.  Nice break form the hustle and bustle of New Orleans.I had heard about this place for months and had wanted to check it out. The owner FedEx's most of her ingredients directly from Italy, so I knew it would be good. Ended up going for my boyfriend's birthday. We started with the mussels and half a cheese plate as appetizers. Both could have been shared and were great. My man loved the authentic Italian mustard, which is literally like honey, and I just about died over the truffle honey and cheese. Sadly, they don't sell any of the honeys to take home!!! For entrees, he had the veal parmigiana and I opted for the penne a la vodka with lump crab meat. We were both very happy. 
The food was great, but to be honest what will bring us back is the service. Michelle was our primary server and her enthusiasm while describing the specials, her wine pairing recommendations, and overall enthusiasm made the meal. John, who also assisted with the meal, was upbeat but not too forward and made us feel at home. 
Lagniappe: by the end of the meal, we felt so at ease and at home (first time there!) that I joked with Michelle if she had anything to stick a candle on for my boyfriend to blow out because it was his birthday dinner. She looked confused and I explained, we are both so satisfied and full, that we can't eat another bite. She laughed and minutes later she brought a candle on a PLATE (standing straight up and lit) with chocolate covered almonds. She smiled and said, this is the best we could do. 
Are you kidding? It was great. Thank you for a great meal, fantastic service, and a wonderful memory.My 2 favorite dishes are the Truffle ravioli and the pumpkin ravioli.  This place is bumpin' on the weekends, so make a reservation or call ahead.  I've never had a problem sitting at the bar for my meal if you don't mind doing do, I suggest it.  The wait staff is pleasant and attentive.Probably one of the best meals I've had while in New Orleans. My son and I split the filet with peppercorn sauce and my wife had the Seabass. Both were amazing. Peach martini was on point. It's also a nice break from all of the Cajun food we've eaten over the previous 3 days. We will definitely be back next time. Make sure you make reservations in advance.Great service, friendly staff, nice ambiance. Food a bit bland nothing, wow worthy. I was hoping for the price and how authentic the menu seemed, there would be more attention to detail with the flavor etc. Chicken Alberto (I think), seemed easy enough to prepare at home. That said, we still had a nice time.Good food - though we only got the excellent bruschetta served in the nearly two hours that we sat.  Reservations at 7 pm, arrived about 6:50 and were seated  At 8:40 we had not been served our entrees - and nor had ANY of the seven or eight other tables around us.  We got up and left - as had the other diners at table next to us who had arrived even earlier. 
Apparently from other reviews, this is very typical - at least a 45 minute wait sometimes even longer just to have the order taken.  They are either understaffed or disorganized. They used to have a very small restaurant next door and expanded into a larger one with several more tables and apparently didn't think about organizing either the kitchen or the wait staff. 
Too bad as the bruschetta was excellent.  I had a second reservation for the following week for the four of us, and canceled.  We won't go back.  With 1420 restaurants in greater New Orleans, more than many having as good or exceptionally better food, no one should have to put up with such abysmal service as apparently is consistently provided by The Italian Barrel.The mushroom ravioli was delicious! Very nice ambiance. Check out the strange king throne in the men's room.I hate writing these kind of reviews, because I do not want to come off as a jerk, but I really need to share this.
My husband and I have eaten at the Italian Barrel on several occasions. The last being our wedding anniversary. The place is cute, the atmosphere is romantic, and the food is AMAZING. We're both vegetarians, so it's hard to find delicious food in the quarter that isn't Mediterranean or pizza. My husband can't stop raving  about the porcini and truffle ravioli, and I am fairly obsessed with their orange Grand Marnier sorbetto. Their cheese plates go on for days and are very different from any of the other ones offered in the city. 
"Why, my dear are you giving this place only three stars, Andrea?" you may be asking. Here's why: My husband and I feel that we get worse service than other customers. The place is tiny, so it's pretty obvious.  We are both tattooed but always wear really nice clothes (it was our anniversary!!) and tip very well (usually 20-35 percent, depending on how many cocktails we have had). Our waiter on 2 occasions did not give us the same quality of service as the other (older and ritzier) patrons. We were not read the specials, my questions were answered curtly, and we were not checked on often. It was pretty irritating, considering we were spending almost 80 bucks on a dinner, and it is one of our favorite places to eat. Maybe we came on a bad night? Maybe our table was for someone coming in soon? I will probably keep going here because the food is so delicious, but it's upsetting, nonetheless.What a find!    I was very hesitant to try Italian food in NOLA.  We started with a meat & cheese platter with different dipping sauces and flatbreads.  Delicious.   The entrees were as follows:
Ravioli with roasted tomatoes and ricotta cheese
Chicken Parmigan with linguine in a white sauce
Lasagna
No complaints on any.  All clean plates
So if you are not in the mood for traditional cuisine you must try this place. Service was also excellent.   EnjoyLike Italian?  True Italian experience!  You will love this one.  Just two of us. We split everything. Just right. Mussels, salad, pasta with red sauce and sausage followed by an amazing veal entree. All that to perfection but so glad we tried the tiramisu. It is the recipe of the Chef's mother. She makes it daily. Never rushed. Amazing service.Good food- had the crabmeat pasta- but the service is lousy, at least during the day.  Get take out or go for dinner (complete difference- way better when the evening staff came on shift.)Holy S**t!  We LOVED this place.  We each ordered an entree and every single one was delicious!  They quality of the ingredients shines through each dish.  The pasta is amazing and the appetizer (caprese salad) was simple yet perfect.  My only complaint would be the tiramisu was not my favorite, but I am very picky about my tiramisu.
Wine - YUM.  They have a nice selection from a specific Italian winemaker so it was fun to try those and the quality did not disappoint. 
Service - Attentive and knowledgeable 
Atmosphere - It was nice outside so we wanted to sit on the patio.  It was quaint and an average view, but it is right across the street from something that smelled like we were near dumpsters.  Nothing bad enough to ruin the experience, though.Cute, little Italian restaurant in a sea of Cajun cookeries. We had dinner on a Saturday evening; the place was packed! We sat at a table outside along the street. The weather was beautiful so I didn't mind. However, you shouldn't neglect your outdoor tables. We probably waited 45 minutes to receive our entree. The outdoor waiter was servicing all the tables, so we didn't receive much attention. Refills on drinks and bread took an extended period of time. I ordered a French 75 cocktail and received champagne with a spritz of lemon in it (must have been the bartender's first time making it). I had the cheese ravioli; it was quite good. The French bread was delicious. We didn't try dessert; I was too full. We waited so long for our meal, I probably ate a loaf's worth of bread! The food is quite good, but the experience could use some improvement. The waiter was very nice and apologetic. Oh, by the way, the dinner will break your bank account too.We hunted for an Italian restaurant and found this one.  With all of the great reviews, we were really looking forward to eating there. Unfortunately, the food did not live up to the reviews.  For a starter, we had the Prosciutto di Parma & Cantaloupe salad. The cantaloupe wasn't ripe (the table next to us had the same issue). For the meal, I had Chicken Parmigiana - the pasta was 'ok', but the chicken had almost no chicken - it seemed to be mostly breading. She had the house special, which was Filet Mignon (with mushrooms and truffle oil) - she asked for Medium, which should have had pink in the center, instead she got medium well.  The worst part was the bill, it was over $125 - which I would have expected a much better meal (and why does yelp only have three dollar signs for this restaurant).I'm pretty amazed. I had never heard of this place when a friend suggested that we get dinner here.
Walking in, the restaurant is small but nice. We were here during the week, so there was no huge crowd and there were a few empty tables. We sat down and the waitress was quick to come over, bring us a bread basket and take our beverage order.
Looking over the menu, everything sounded delicious. I decided to go with the Penne Alla Vodka which is penne pasta, mixed with a delicious cream sauce and huge pieces of crab. It was delicious and creamy and I was delighted that there was plenty of crab. The dish had a lot of flavor and wasn't overly filling.
My only complaint was that service was pretty slow.  Considering it was a week night and there weren't a lot of people in the place, it took a while to get our food. We weren't in a rush, but from the time we sat down until the time we left, two hours had passed. It took about 45 minutes to get our entrees, even though we didn't order anything crazy complicated. It's not the end of the world, but just be aware of this if you are looking to grab dinner and you are on a schedule that you have to keep.
I would return to this cozy little French Quarter restaurant and would recommend it for a date.We recently had dinner here and thought the food (jumbo lump crabmeat salad and pappardelle with truffle cream sauce) was outstanding. However, a huge drawback for us was the INCREDIBLY HIGH NOISE level. We were there on a Friday evening at 7 pm (peak time, I guess) and it was truly impossible to hear my husband speak (and we were seated in a corner). The tables were very close together and there were only hard surfaces in the dining room save for tablecloths so the noise from  diners shrieking and loudly talking reverbated throughout the meal. It was very jarring and we were glad to get out of there.
I would only go back to the Italian Barrel at a very off-peak time/day. There is outdoor seating but when it is 90 degrees on a June evening, it is not very tempting to sit out there.We probably wont want to visit here again. The food is okay and overpriced. The seasoning is mediocre and not surprising. If you are visiting New Orleans for only one time, then other places will be better options.For a night of authentic Italian dining this is your place. Although the tables are a little tight (meaning you hear whatever is going on with the table next to you) the service is excellent and with homemade fresh pasta you can't go wrong. Not a touristy place which for Nola is saying a lot. Appeared to be a lot of locals who go there regularly. The prices are on the high side for Italian but this was is worth it. From the delicious bread to homemade pasta I was in hog heaven. EnjoyAbsolutely delicious with great service.  The food is very fresh and flown in from Europe weekly.  It is very small so dinner reservations are important. The staff is attentive and friendly and the portions are huge.  I love the salad nicoise and their pastas are amazing.  Also recommend the sea bassExcellent experience all around.  We had no idea where we were going to eat and stumbled onto The Italian Barrel.  Despite the strange logo, the charming outward appearance and packed tables convinced us to at least attempt to get a table.  We were told 15 minutes and were seated at the bar within 10.  Our waitress (cute blonde) was totally knowledgable, informative and answered all our questions perfectly.  She was attentive and charming.  Then our food came....a 12oz filet cooked exactly to just beyond medium (as we requested) and a penne pasta with vodka sauce.  Both dishes were eye-rollingly delicious, succulent, rich and generally life-affirming...Highly Recommend The Itialian Barrel...true Northern Italian without being too heavy.  Our new favorite place in all the Quarter.My boyfriend and I had a delicious meal here over the weekend while visiting New Orleans.  I have been to Italy 3 times, so I am always looking for authentic Italian food, and The Italian Barrel definitely fulfilled this requirement of mine. It is a very small restaurant, so even though we had a reservation, we had to wait a little bit for our table to be ready.  However, I will give credit to the restaurant for not charging us for the Cosmopolitan I had while we waited.  Once we were seated, I browsed the menu and knew exactly what I was wanted: the Porcini and Truffle Ravioli.  Truffle is one of my absolute favor flavorings, so I knew I had to try the ravioli.  To start, we shared the trio of polenta, which I greatly enjoyed.  I'm a fan of bleu cheese; however, if you are not, you should know that the Gorgonzola polenta is quite strong.  The bread and olive oil and balsamic vinegar were also tasty to munch on before our entrees arrived.  The ravioli was delicious!  I could tell that the pasta was made fresh, and I was especially pleased that I could really taste the truffle.  My boyfriend had the seafood linguine, and he really enjoyed it.  While enjoying our dinner, I ordered a lemon drop, and our waitress put a hint of Chambord in the bottom of it, which made it even better! I would definitely recommend this restaurant for great Italian food, just be sure to make a reservation.The food was amazing but the service is even better! Leann our server was incredible and I will be back again! Thank you for recommending all the best things!This was the second time we have eaten at the Italian Barrel. We found it on yelp and the food was even better the second time! The chicken parmigiana was delicious and blended well with the side of pasta! The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable about Italian cuisine. We visited during the busy French quarter festival and they went out of the way to make us feel welcomed even though we did not have a reservation. The bartenders make hand made cocktails and are very friendly. You feel like you are among friends!Can't believe I have never been to this restaurant. It was fantastic! The cantaloupe wrapped in proscuitto was delicious as was the special - sea bass on a bed of greens topped with fresh tomatoes. The flavors was off the charts. Wine recommendations by Denis, the great Italian bartender, were spot on. I will definitely be back!Was here on Sunday for dinner... The food is very expensive and ordinary taste...
The penne vodka sauce is way to creamy that it is usually.... 4 of us ordered different pastas.... I would say it wasn't really worth the price! They gave us a free dessert, we ordered tiramisu... That was highly ok too... Wouldn't go back...
I must say our server was very good.Ohhhh boy. I hate to write this but we were so disappointed with this restaurant. I decided on the truffle ravioli before we even got there. My husband decided on the bolognese nocchi. He said the nocchi tasted like soap. The ravioli was not fresh. 
They brought our meals out within 10 min of ordering. Unfortunately, that was a red flag that it was not fresh!! 
We ate it but it wasn't worth the $100 spent. At least the wine was good.My husband and I had an incredible dinner here.  The owner is from Verona in Northern Italy and uses her Italian suppliers to get the most authentic ingredients.  We tried the half cheese platter and bruschetta for appetizers and the there almost as many specials to choose from for dinner as the regular items on the menu.  Great service, wine and ambiance.  I highly recommend it!Great and Cozy little restaurant. Took my girlfriend here on a date and it absolutely has the most romantic atmosphere. Food is a little pricey but worth every penny. Make sure you make a reservation in ahead of time, the restaurant only has about 8 tables and it fills up fast. I will definitely be back.We went there this evening for an early dinner. I had the mixed green salad with blueberry goat cheese, strawberries and balsmic vinegarette. Absolutely amazing.  The Bruschette was super fresh and yummy. Between the four of us, we had the Sea Bass (incredible), the Veal Picatta (you want to lick the plate), and the seafood linguini.  We will be making this a regular stop.  Our server Johnny was very attentive, and hilarious. He even helped defuse my tempermental teenager with a joke. Friendliness and hospitatilty make for a trulu exceptional New Orleans dining experience!Great quaint little restaurant with outdoor seating.  They recently did an expansion which looks great. I highly recommend the sea bass with crabmeat.  It was delicious and worth every penny of the pricey $54 price tag!!My boyfriend and I had been in New Orleans for 9 days and were ready for something different then Creole food.  Not having too many Italian options in the French Quarter, we narrowed it down to this place and took a chance . . .  IT WAS THE BEST DINNER ALL WEEK!!  I was so impressed with this restaurant.  I am fond of small intimate restaurants being from LA and San Fran.  I though the small space was adorable, even if the waiters had to bump into you occasionally.  
Our waitress was adorable and so professional.  I felt like we were at a 5 star establishment.  We had salad, soup, and 2 pasta and they were fantastic.  We were tempted to order even more as we watch others folks food come out, it all looked AMAZING!  
Make reservations!!It was a very tiny restaurant by the corner of a place where the scenery was not very impressive. My friends and I chose this place because it was closer and we were too tired to walk further.
All of the tables inside were reserved, so they literally placed us outside next to a couple of trash bins while there was another spot further away from the trash bins available.
In terms of the food, I have to say that all of my friends and I found it average (I'm really not biased to say so because of the terrible environment. It was average and nothing special about the food) and they didn't match with the price and the tips enforced. I seldom see somewhere enforce tips(30%!!) on your pay check and it was not a pleasant experience.
In sum, personally, my friends and I don't like this place very much. It's the only disappointment to our trip to New Orleans.Must try the imported burrata! Its fantastic. The Chicken Parm was delish as well. Great date night place. A bit pricey - but totes worth it!Went here excited for some good Italian food and was sadly disappointed. Ordered the gnocchi which tasted nothing close to fresh. Usually gnocchi is my favorite dish at Italian restaurants so that kinda ruined my experience. The wine which the waiter recommended was only ok. I still ate it, ok maybe half of it, but I definitely wouldn't come back for more.We wanted to have dinner at a place that was not Bourbon Street "crazy" and that accommodates both a meat/seafood eater and a vegetarian. Italian typically works for us and we found the Italian Barrel on Open Table.
The menu and wine list have a lot of variety and the food and service were outstanding! There were typical choices including a couple of fillet steaks and a thick cut pork chop and a couple of vegetarian past options. The mussels were tender and delicious and the olive sampler was fun! The pasta with a gorgonzola based sauce was incredible. Our wait staff were professional, knowledgable and gave just the right amount of attention.
The restaurant is located near the French market, just a mile from the heart of the French Quarter, it was raining so we took a cab which took 10 minutes with traffic. 
One thing to know is that the inside is tiny, maybe 12 tables so reservations are highly recommended as there was never an open table the entire evening (yet we were not rushed at all!). 
There also are some local music clubs close without the crowds of Bourbon but were busy and festive and fun!
A Wonderful evening!I have been to the Italian Barrel twice and both times I had waitresses that was personable and attentive. I talk to EVERYONE so this is a major plus for me. 
In my dining experiences I have tasted the following: 
Nicoletta (Caprese) salad: A+. 10 out of 10. I plan to get this dish every time I eat at the restaurant. I will ask that they slice the tomato thin. The mozzarella cheese is AWESOME, with a light subtle flavor.
Chef Samantha's Fusilli Pasta: Delicate white cream sauce with peas, shallots and Italian Speck Prosciutto. A-. Maybe a 9 out of 10. If you don't know (like me) the fusilli pasta is the corkscrew pasta. 
Seafood Linguine: Baby Shrimp, Scallops and Jumbo Lump Crabmeat in a seafood infused red sauce tossed with linguine. B/B+. Probably an 8.5 out of 10. This red sauce is not a traditional marinara sauce. The description of "seafood infused" red sauce is an accurate description of what to expect. 
Chilean Sea Bass: A. 9.6 out of 10. I eat a lot of fish and it is hard to dislike this fish. The Italian Barrel prepares/cooks it in a nice manner.
Tiramisu: A-/A. 9.2 out of 10. If you only come here once, then you must try it. The owner's mother makes the tiramisu from scratch. I like it a lot, but I will say there are better desserts (maybe not tiramisu) in the city. 
I must tell you that I do not frequent Italian restaurants a lot, so these reviews are my personal beliefs and will not be accurate to a more experienced palette of the cuisine. I do know I will try the restaurant a 3rd time and hopefully with a larger party to try the various meats and cheese.
I would say overall a 4.4 out of 5 star. It is kind of sad that I gave them a 4.The food was very good, however they came out in small portions and was very over priced for what we got. The reason for 3 stars was due to our server. We were sitting outside and served by a girl who was condescending and made our dining experience unenjoyable. Frankly she just made us feel entirely unwelcome. My friend asked about their white cream sauce and what it tasted like. Her response was "it's a white wine cream sauce so whatever that tastes like." 
The food was delicious but the customer service was disappointing!My husband and I were given a gift  certificate to eat here last Christmas and Wow! It is now one of our 10 favorite restaurants to revisit while hanging out in the Quarter. The service was great. The food was amazing. We are definitely treating a friend, guest or loved one to a meal here this holiday season. You will not be disapppinted!Don't bother... made a reservation there and when we arrived we had a long wait and when we were seated, they sat us at a freaking bar! What?? Was told there was nothing else available and no one would be giving up a table anytime soon. We stayed, only because it was 9 30pm and no other place to go. Long story short, food was WAY over priced and the lasagna was burned on the bottom. Paid high class prices for nasty food and the service sucked! Save your time and money!Finally made it to the Italian Barrel for lunch. I truly enjoyed everything that Nikki recommended and absolutely loved everything. The cheese plate was amazing everything tasted like homemade Italian cuisine. The restaurant is warm and cozy and I will be back soon. This is one of the top 3 restaurants in New Orleans. Definitely recommend the cheese plate :)This is a really cute little place. Definitely make a reservation, especially I'd it is a weekend, because there aren't many tables. You get bread and olive oil with basalmic. We got a salad that was the special, an apple and mixed greens salad with a pesto style dressing...amazing! Our pasta entrees, the penne ala vodka, and Gorgonzola gnocchi were both creamy goodness. The service was great. It may be a little pricey for what you get, but it was good nonetheless.Food was great and service was excellent! This is my first time to New Orleans from Chicago and I'm surprised by the lack of good service most places. Here, we got the quality we were used to at home!This place is highly overpriced and highly overrated. The food had no flavor and for the price you can find a much better Italian place.Nice ambiance.  Small bar with about 10 stools, but works well as an alternative to waiting for a table in this small popular restaurant.  Ambient lighting on spot.  Food excellent and reasonably priced.  Pumpkin ravioli seasoned well, very flavorful.  Veal parmigiana robustly proportioned and perfectly cooked.  Wine selection decent, I ordered by the bottle. Limoncello desert excellent way to cleanse the pallet without being too much.  Off the beaten path. Keeps the tourist quotient in check. If I was a local, I'd probably eat here frequently - like 2x a week.  Myles was a genuinely gracious bartender.Great food, staff and ambiance. Location convenient to shop. Don't pass this restaurant up. Not a place for large parties.Good food, Weird waitress experience... After expending $250 for just two people, we could had done a lot better. our glass of water was never refilled, never offered extra bread or anything. Food was ok (Our Italian hole in the wall does much better), Waitress wasn't good at all. We wanted to share one of the pasta entrees so we asked her if it could come split in two plates, she answer that it would be done for an extra charge, REALLY? A $42 entree and they'll charge you extra for washing one more dish?, she still got my 20% tip but won't  go back with so many great restaurants around.LeeAnne was very friendly and attentive... Great salad of the day along with pasta... Also great location...Small place with some class along with Italian inspired deco and a nice Italian wine list. Prices per bottle are reasonable. The menu is lengthy and tough to choose from if you're not dialed in on a particular direction. Our server(s) let us know there were several option available off the menu. We ordered clams in a white wine and lemon sauce. It was season well and the clams where cooked perfectly. My wife had a spaghetti seafood special. It had additional clams and muscles mixed with shrimp and scallops. She enjoyed the fact it wasn't a cream sauce and not heavy, as other places can be. The pasta was perfectly cooked with a snap! I had a 14oz veal chop cooked with a panko breadcrumb crust. It was cooked nicely and was tender, as veal typically is. It could've used some additional spices but I'm a spice fiend. Dessert was a great chocolate dish with hazelnuts and A fine chocolate dusting. Fresh whipped cream garnish with raspberries. Overall, a fine Italian meal that wasn't over influenced by creole themes. We will be back, for sure.One of the best meals I had in Nola, came in with my lady on a night when I should of made a reservation but the manager Josh took us right in. They had my favorite beer I always get up north and all the food was terrific specially the big ball of mozzarella you can get for an appetizer. Sophia was our waitress and she did a fantastic job waiting on us and making sure we were taken care of. Definitely recommend to anyone.This place has promise, but the wait staff needs some lessons in customer service.  We were not allowed to order anything with ingredients left out...ie, if you're lactose intolerant...you can't order Chicken Parmesan without cheese...you must have the food prepared the way the waitress thinks you should have it.  Most of the people seem very friendly, but if you get the wrong waitress, you are going to dine the way she wants you to dine...no ifs and or buts about it...sort of like the soup nazi on Seinfeld.Great Italian food! It's small ( 7 tables)...so a possible wait is understandable, even with a reservation....can't throw the people out lol....service is outstanding and the food is the best hands down....the filet, muscles, and the chicken Alberto are the best things I've eaten in my life. It's a little pricey, but I'll pay it for top quality. DELICIOUS! I LOVE THIS PLACE!If you love and know italian food then this is the place.  I could have just eaten the clams in  white wine appetizer and bread and I'll just have that and a side of linguine or fettucine the next time I return.  Just the best!  Service and attitude excellent also.Had dinner here with my wife, it was absolutely outstanding.  Wonderful small independent restaurant.  Very good wine list with a big emphasis on Italian wines.  Had penne arrabiatta with sausage, my wife had chicken parm.  My pasta was superb, not too hot, just nicely spicy.  Mussels in white wine sauce as an appetizer were outstanding as well.  Very good service, overall an outstanding evening.  From my perspective a don't miss while in NOLA.I enjoyed one of the best meals of my life here last night.  The restaurant was lovely, menu was varied, service was wonderful.  We had the olives and polenta for starters.  I had the lamb special and gnocchi with the Gorgonzola sauce.  Everything was delightful.  Great food, great dining experience.This restaurant is truly amazing. Tonight I had the veal chop topped with arugula with a 4 potato souffle and Brussel sprouts. This dish was outstanding. Another truly memorable dining experience at this french quarter bistro.We are brooklynite foodies who have eaten and danced our way through many new orleans jazz fests over the years. In thinking about our most recent trip 6 months later and all the restaurants we have eaten at over the years including Emerils, NOLA, cochon, dante's, etc., etc., etc. This one stood out as a favorite and one we will always remember for the food and atmosphere. We will definitely be back. I highly recommend this to anyone visiting NOLA but be prepared to wait a long time for a table if you are going during any of the peak periods (waited 2 hrs even with a reservation).I eaten here many times over the past years and love the food.  Italian cuisine chef/proprietor Samantha Castagnetti needs to be commanding the kitchen to get the best food ( to our knowledge there are other chefs rotating). We ate again the other night  and had the usual excellent food - silky Pumpkin Ravioli and flavorful Seafood Linguini. Unlike other Yelpers we found the service excellent, professional and friendly. 
The reason we are writing again is because we were disconcerted by the new Maitre D', Josh. He was very loud and, since we were seated near his greeting station, we had to actually stop our conversation every time he greeted diners or decided to chat with staff. His friendliness was apparent but needed to be at a much quieter, respectful level.
A gem in the lower Quarter.Rude waitress. Wish I could fix the tip line to zero. She didn't deserve a dime for coming and yelling at us over a tip she didn't even deserve.I was here for a late night Italian dinner during my week long stay in New Orleans. I have to say, this was the best Italian food I have had in a long time!! I got the penne alla vodka which is penne pasta covered in vodka sauce with decadent jumbo lump crabmeat!! I'm a Maryland girl so I know good crabs and this dish was delicious!Came back, with a huge group of friends for a birthday. The birthday girl really loves Italian, and had a super bad week, so we all treated her to a delicious lunch. The staff were great, the food was better than I remembered, and I definitely will recommend this place to my friends and family again. YAY to Italian Barrel!Having never been here before, my fiance decided that this was the place to take me to propose. He was right on the money. It's romantic and dimly lit, quiet, and the food (and wine) is delicious. The waitstaff is more than eager to assist you with your every dining need (as my fiance found out while trying to inconspicuously propose while still sitting at the table, which turned out to be one of the more entertaining parts of the proposal which ended up becoming a dinner-long conversation/question). My only complaint is that I am on the Paleo diet, so I was limited in choices. The prosciutto di parma salad was very good, though.I have to downgrade this place for bitter tasting olive oil dipping sauce and mass produced bread.  If you're charging $50/entree you can at least make sure the olive oil balsamic is acceptable.  I used to think all the restaurants in New Orleans were great but tonight's dinner was under-whelming.  Sever, Aurora, was great.  Entree, Sea Bass, equally fine, but $240 for 2 people needs to be a great experience, and run of the mill bread with poor dipping sauce is not great.Good wine. Subpar food for the prices. In my opinion,  not worth the quality of food. Well we didn't even get utensils until after we sat down for about 20 minutes and our apps had arrived. I ordered chicken Parmesan for lunch and opted to change the cheese to mozzarella and was charged six dollars for ONE SLICE of mozzarella . It took the entree over an hour to come out, as our neighbors who sat down about 40 minutes after us received their entree the same as us. Not the greatest place but the area and ambience is decent.With all of the places to eat in New Orleans I am going here two nights in a row.  Absolutely delicious.  EnjoyWe walked in at about 8:45 without a reservation. The host duo was obviously stressed since the place was packed, but they were very nice and got us a table within 20 minutes. 
It's a nicer place compared to the very casual places on Bourbon street and several of the other places we passed. 
Of my party of three, only two of us were eating, and we weren't super hungry. My friend had the mussels and I had the Ahi tuna salad. Both were about $20. Both were very delicious! The Ahi tuna salad had a little mango and a house citrus balsamic that really made the field greens taste amazing. It also had a half-avocado on the side of it. I liked this since I'm not really into avocados but it felt amazingly healthy to eat after all the fried food we ate the day before. 
The mussels were very good. The sauce was great and they were perfectly cooked, not rubbery or gritty. 
The staff was fine. They were polite and helpful, nothing awful like some of the reviews. I mean, it's a busy place with a lot of people wanting to get in, and I think they did a great job letting you know not to take forever without actually saying it. That being said, we didn't feel rushed at all, and we didn't wait that long for our food. Maybe 10 minutes from when we ordered. We didn't order classic entrees though, so maybe think about that if you aren't me pressed for time.It was dinner for one.  I was given a lovely table near the sidewalk window.
The lemon piccata with pasta was absolutely the best I had ever had.  The chicken was perfectly Pounded.  Breading, butter and lemon delicious.  The pasta was in a savory lemon sauce.  The meal was accompanied by 1/2 a butternut squash that had been baked with olive oil and butter.  A delicate spoon, invitingly rested upon the meat of the squash.
More than once, I got the server's attention just to tell her how delicious this meal was.
Next trip... Heading to the Italian Barrel.I called Italian Barrel the day before needing a reservation and they were so accommodating throughout the whole process. I called about 10 times a day changing the amount of people coming with me. And I called again 10 minutes before my actual reservation saying I needed to add an extra person and they gladly helped me. A+ for customer service!
Small, intimate place. Got pretty hot in here though. 
Penne alla vodka - my go to every time I come. It is sooooo delicious. Perfect amount of creaminess and richness and so much crabmeat. They definitely aren't skimpy with the crabmeat. 
Lasagna - I only had a few bites of this dish, but it was good as well. My friends really enjoyed it and finished every bite of it. 
Fire roasted ravioli - pasta was fresh. Flavor was great. 
Veal parmigiana - the veal was perfect. Didn't even really eat the linguine that came with it, but it was cooked al dente. 
I usually get the bruschetta as well, but didn't this time. But it's always amazing and I highly recommend it.Excellent food & a wonderfully intimate atmosphere. NOLA is known for great cuisine, and don't miss the Italian part.This is indeed a quaint little restaurant.  Service is slow, but our 2 servers (the one assigned to us and the one we adopted -- ) had fantastic personalities and were very attentive.  Both were tipped well.
Unfortunately, the food was not up to par.  At all.  I had the osso buco served on polenta, and it was devoid of any flavor.  When I told the server about the lack of seasoning, she incorrectly assumed that I meant that the dish wasn't spicy.  That wasn't what I meant at all.  The meat wasn't browned before it was braised, but, okay, that in itself didn't ruin the dish.  It was the lack of even basic seasonings, and I'm talking salt and pepper, that ruined the dish.  Other than enjoying a bit of marrow, it was not enjoyable at all.   The server told me that the lack of seasoning was because the chef cooked in the style of Northern Italy.  I stated that salt and pepper were pretty basic things used universally all over the world.  The server told me that she never saw any pepper at all when she visited Italy.  I just dropped it.
The chef did send us complimentary tiramisu and an espresso, which were done well, and the cheese plate for a starter was also very nice.
The ambience was nice, and I'll go back one more time before writing this one off, but I'll have the pasta/Food:  Memorable considering I also recently had dinner at Lincoln Ristorante in Lincoln Center- which was not memorable.
Ambience:  Sat outside after drinks at the Spotted Cat...awesome.  Inside looked tight but great feel.
Service:  Adequate.Just a delight. We stopped here for a very late lunch around 4pm. The decor is upscale casual with white table cloths and antiques in a sunny old room. Our server, Jackie, was perfectly attentive. The food was fresh, well prepared, delicious. Prices seemed reasonable.  Couldn't ask for more.Everything we had was tasty.   Lasgane was fabulous. The chefs special pasta was incredible.  The raviolis were fantastic and chicken parm outstanding.  And the waitress Juamays service was as pretty as her name.My husband and I always eat at the Italian Barrel when we're in town, generally several times each visit. It's a nice break from the other fare in the quarter. I'm from Europe (Sweden and Switzerland) and I find it's hard to find really authentic Italian cuisine in the US. This is the real deal! The flavors are amazing. Simple, fresh ingredients is what sets them apart. We usually come here for lunch or early dinner and have had great and friendly service each time. I highly recommend ordering the cheese and/or charcuterie platters - very authentic and delicious. The pasta is amazing. Compared to other fine restaurants in the quarter the prices are standard and well worth it.Excellent food and Chris did a wonderful job servicing our table. The atmosphere was wonderful, table seemed small for three of us, however Chris made sure he cleaned off old plates to bring on the new!We liked this place, but found it to be a little cramped. The food was good, but not the best. It is a nice little place to go for a date but I wouldn't bring a big party.Okay. The food was good BUT service and experience was abysmal tonight: We brought our friends here for his birthday after having a good lunch experience in February. Not so much tonight. Very slow, horrible seating arrangement (which was solved after we suggested we physically relocate the table to prevent multiple collisions that occurred with people walking by. Embarrassing for us as we'd recommended this place and a nasty surprise all the way around.Best sit down dinner I had in NOLA.
Just yelped Italian and found the Italian Barrel.
They were booked solid but had 2 chairs at the bar holding for us.
Got there on time and just our luck, someone cancelled their reservation and we got a table right away!
Yum yum yum
Everything was so tasty - even the bread.
Toasted on a panini maker was great.
Husband had Chicken Parm - fresh, juicy and  tasty.  He inhaled it.
I had the ravioli with the truffle cream sauce and the sprouts.
MMMMMmmmmm
Great little romantic spot just beyond the French Market.
Wish I had this place in my neck of the woodsThe second best veal chop that I ever had was here. Their truffle ravioli is probably the best that I ever had. The chicken parmagena was burnt, but they made it up to us. Service is a B-. The server needs to know his stuff better, be more polished and attentive. The AC was down this evening. It was hot inside. Still, I'd come back.