One New Orleans music spot I won't be visiting again. The artist appearing was not the one advertised or listed on the website. Also at the door the hostess erroneously confirmed that it was going to be the  artist that was advertised. Additionally advertised time was listed as 8. The hostess once again confirmed the show would start at 8. It ended up starting 40 minutes late. Add to that subpar cocktails that would be disgraceful even at half the price and that makes it a place you want to avoid. It tries to pass itself off as classy and sofisticated but is anything but.I really enjoyed the Burlesque Ballroom show, it was very well done.
Trixie Minx provided really solid renditions of famous jazz standards like "Them There Eyes." The burlesque performances were light hearted and fun to watch. Folks who enjoy burlesque performance will appreciate this show. There is no cover but they ask that you buy drinks.  The kitchen was closed by then and I did feel like drinking so I ordered a coffee and a tea.  It was really fun, which was exactly what I was looking for.Upon entering- you become immediately aware of how comfortable and relaxed this place is. Our hostess approached - we asked if seating was available in this seemingly packed venue.
She politely asked us to wait a moment and scouted about. She returned inquiring if we wouldn't mind sharing a table with another couple - not at all. Seconds later we're perfectly seated - front stage left - to witness the wonderful jazz of Shannon Powell and his band.
The stage - perfect in size - the acoustics just right as voices didn't need to be raised to be heard. In addition our waitress was attentive and professional all evening. While we were fortunate to experience Shannon Powell I can't imagine weak jazz bands playing here.
Of Note: First time visitors may be challenged finding this place. It is actually located inside the Royal Sonesta hotel.
More than worth a visit.Popped by for a bit on a Saturday in Nola. They had a very lively brass band that we very much enjoyed relaxing to. It was nice to have bar snack mix at every table. Their wine selection was pretty extensive, just wished they had more by the glass offerings.Had cocktails and wine at the bar Saturday afternoon. Fun place to watch LSU play (less fun when Florida wound up winning). Barman was funny and attentive. 
Came back that evening to hear the Quartet. Very talented musicians, good selection of accessible tunes. At night, it takes on a cool vibe. Trumpet player/frontman is charismatic and funny. Small dance floor accomodates maybe 8-10 couples.
Cocktail waitress was very attentive and friendly. We'll be back in a couple of weeks when we return to NOLA.This is a nice jazz club, of the swankier variety than what you find on frenchmen street. We went on Wednesday to see Irvin Mayfield himself play, so there is a $15 cover in addition to the one drink minimum per set. We're not really serious jazz aficionados, but it was fun to see a Grammy winner playing in his own club. I think there were a few times where he seemed a little annoyed that the crowd was not more loudly appreciative of his fame and skills, but it wasn't really a full house, and on Bourbon street you've got to assume most of them are tourists like us. Service was a bit slow, but the drinks were good. This is the kind of place I picture when I think of a jazz lounge, so I enjoyed the experience even if its not a regular scene for me.Cocktails were delicious and expertly made! The band that night was great too. Tuesday night and we walked right in and sat right next to the stage. Sometimes it's hard to get service from a waiter at venues like this, but that was not the case here. Our server was very attentive and detail oriented. It was a little hard to find as there are multiple "entrances" to this hotel.The service here was horrible. We sat down and the server walked by us about a dozen times. We attempted to flag her down and make eye contact but to no avail. When the manager came by to see how we were doing, he just made excuses about how busy they were. He eventually brought us drinks but the night was ruined. 
Awesome jazz though.This is right in the Royal Sonesta hotel and the jazz is good, so convenient for those on Bourbon Street.From the secret (speak easy ) entrance to the incredible music, this place is as close to perfect as it gets if you want a loungy, classy jazz club. My mother had her 70th birthday and was serenaded by the band. I think she wants to stay in New Orleans and marry young Leon "Kid Chocolate" Brown....lol....Came to New Orleans for a nursing conference & my two colleagues & I just wanted to have a cocktail, listen to Jazz & relax... We visited the Jazz playhouse on Thursday... James Rivers' jazz band was spectacular! We came back on Friday night for more... there was a Lady singing don't remember her name... it was not as good as James, but shevhad four dancers as part of her show come out one at the time and kept removing their clothes until topless! Very entertaining spec x gentlemen!Saw the burlesque show here Friday night. We had a reservation, and despite the line, we were able to get right in, much to the dismay of the gal waiting in line who did her best to make me aware of the line behind her.  The music was lovely, the dancers were gorgeous and the show was fantastic!  This is a beautiful club. Only downside was the slightly creepy dude taking pictures of the girls while they were getting ready in the courtyard.Nice upscale lounge. Friendly staff. The small bits menu seems reasonably priced. The Louisiana crab cakes were deep fried, crispy on the outside with a good flavor. A good selection of mixed drinks, wines and beers. The live jazz music was good and not too loud. A fine place to sit, eat, drink and enjoy the music.Such a great way to start or end an evening. Fantastic ambience, very attentive service, nice and secluded from the bustling Bourbon outside, and great drinks to boot! On top of all of this the entertainment each night is top-notch. Compile all of this with gorgeous decorations and you have one beautiful jazz club. Would highly recommend, and will definitely continue coming back.The drinks are WAY overpriced. I just looked at my cc statement and realized I payed $20 for a mini-bottle of water and a glass of Riesling!  The venue is great, tucked away in the Royal Sonesta. Even with the commotion of Bourbon Street [and it was extra noisy since it was Final Four basketball tournament w/e] we were able to enjoy the music and couldn't hear anything other than the jazz. Friday's from 12-2am they have a burlesque show and it was great [Trixie is awesome!], very entertaining and not raunchy at all. Again, great venue to listen to live jazz and relax but they need to address the bar prices!
P.S. My friend's boyfriend's band played that night to and they were amazing so if you're there on Friday's from 12-2am you'll get a chance to hear them!We saw the Brassaholics here and they were amazing. Great night and music! So talented!Hands down the best talent in New Orleans as jazz clubs go. Snug Harbor and Maple Leaf are superb, but Mayfield's is the whole package, night in, night out. This place has the sound, the ambiance, and the musicians to lay claim to the title of Best Jazz Club in New Orleans--yes, the audience can be as lifeless as old bacon, but that is not the fault of the club, that's the fault of old people who somehow think jazz means sit on your ass. Get up there and get shakin' and maybe some of them will get the hint.
This is an upscale club, on Bourbon St. with surprisingly reasonable prices for the location and the talent. No cover, so spend liberally. I had great seats to both the Sunday and Monday night performances, and had fine service as well; the staff did a fantastic job of making sure the four of us were well lubricated and fed. 
A word to the wise, there are two "must see" shows in New Orleans in my opinion: one is Ellis Marsalis on Friday night at Snug Harbor, and the other is Gerald French and Original Tuxedo Jazz Band on Monday night. This is a legendary band of some of the best musicians in the city just laying out and having fun, Wendell Brunious sat in on trumpet when I was there. There is not a weak link in that band, and what a mighty band they are! Yolanda Windsay brings a powerful voice to an already sublime sound. If I had to choose between the Tuxedo Jazz Band on Monday night and the Village Vanguard Big Band on Monday night, I'd take Gerald French and the band, they're just more fun, Praise the Lord.Nakina our server was amazing and very attentive. The cocktails were extremely well made and the fried peanut butter and jelly was one of the tastiest desserts I've ever had. This was overall a great experience and a true gem on Bourbon street.This place was so cool! Classy and romantic! The food was pretty good! We got little sliders lol but the drinks were somewhat lacking although they were strong! It would be a 5 start review but I was pretty disappointed with the drinks. I just wish the cocktail bar had a wider variety of drinks lol. But over all I had so much fun! Very talented musicians, I was very impressed! Plus no cover!!!! It was exciting to be in New Orleans and get to see traditional jazz!Wow! I came here on a random Monday night and the music was phenomenal! The drink prices are average for NOLA but the ambiance where you can actually hear who you came with over the Jazz music is a plus. Then a singer came up and she was always on pitch with the music which was an orgasm to my ears. If you're staying at the Royal Sonesta or not, it's an absolute recommend.I went there for my birthday this past Jan. and being in the Sonesta I was expecting awesome jazz music and a great burlesque show. The music was great, the the burlesque was sweet, but there was NO CLASS.
Firstly, the seating was chaos. They wanted me to sit behind 2 large floral arrangements I couldn't even see over back in a corner. When I asked to move, I LITERALLY had to steal two chairs and a table and argue with the manager. As if that wasn't bad enough I had to deal with people screaming all around me at other people to sit down because there were people parked right in front of us standing and we couldn't see the show.
People were falling off their chairs drunk, waltzing in with bottles of beer from the street, no one was wearing anything worthy of being respected. I saw lots of jeans, t-shirts, college jerseys and sneakers. I felt a little cheated. I guess that's what I get for going to a burlesque show at Bourbon St. with no cover.
Oh, and the drinks were overpriced and not ver good. DO NOT recommend the London Fog.We revisited Irving Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse  and watched two great acts.
I also had my first Sazerac cocktail.  The waitress warned me that it was strong but I have to say I loved it!
We saw I.M himself and we saw a fantastic band with an older fellow who played multiple instruments including a bagpipe.  2 awesome evenings!Mmmm this is def a tourist spot. Was hopeful bc of some of the reviews how've it was a miss. The lounge and service were very nice. We only had drinks which were standard fare. The music wasn't actual Jazz but more funk ? Do not purchase reserved seating it is unnecessary and 20 per person.Tired of the tv surrounded sports bars all over NOLA, we looked for a more upscale jazz club and several people pointed us to Irvin Mayfields.  Well, they were right on the money with this one.  The atmosphere was definitely upscale with comfortable seating and excellent live music.  We saw Germaine Bazzle, a legend in her time in New Orleans (as we were told from the local record shop in town).  We had a glass of wine and a couple of appetizers.  It was a great escape from the craziness of Bourbon Street.Great place for jazz! We stayed at the Royal Sonesta and spent a few evenings here. The service was not the greatest and the debris cheese fries we ordered were cold but the music was great! If you're looking for a place to chill away from the madness of Bourbon St, I recommend coming here.A nice way to enjoy great jazz music in the French Quarter in a classy setting. We were a little turned off by the overall nightlife atmosphere in the French Quarter and found this venue to be clean and very enjoyable. When we arrived the hostess who seated us asked if we minded joining another group and we said that was no problem. So she sat us at an empty table for 4 and shortly after another couple was seated with us. It was nice to meet another couple and the performer for the night, The James Rivers Movement, was very talented and quite entertaining. Hearing a couple jazz pieces played on the bagpipes was a unique experience for sure! We enjoyed a drink at our table and had a fun night taking in the jazz of New Orleans.If you are in New Orleans you must partake in the Jazz scene! 
This is the perfect place to go. 
Our admission was free on the Thursday when we attended. 
I loved the atmosphere of the bar, it was dark and elegant, with comfy couches and seats everywhere. 
The service was exceptional and the drinks were priced right.
The band was very entertaining. 
This is definitely a hot spot, not to be missed!Amazing Jazz Club! If you're visiting NOLA for the first time or have never been here then you need to make your way to Irving Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse. This is one of the best jazz clubs in New Orleans you will go to with some of the greatest local jazz talents in the area. You'll get quality jazz in your ears at this club.  They also offer drinks and appetizers. Try the chicken and waffles, it's a New Orleans staple and it's really yummy!Calm, relaxed atmosphere. Older crowd. Nice jazz music, no cover Monday night. Drinks average $10-$14 dollars. Not bad. My drink didn't taste like it had any alcohol in it (the Pomegranate Mango); music was nice but slow to pick up, but eventually it was grooving.Not only a great staff and a wide variety of drinks, but I spent nearly the entire weekend enjoying some of the best jazz I've heard in years (and I'm a professional musician).This venue is great! Small and intimate, all good seats, and every night we were there the music was fabulous. Also was able to see the burlesque show and really do recommend it. Trixie Minx is fun to watch and Romy Kaye and her band are outstanding. Cocktails are pricey but well made. The Vieux Carre was excellent. I didn't love the hotel itself, but to be fair I must highly recommend the club. I will return.Great jazz and atmosphere! Environment is intimate and cozy. A great fine in the mist of the craziness of Bourbon st.Had a great time here while attending a burlesque show the first night I had arrived.  The cast is interactive with the audience and the atmosphere is friendly, classy and relaxed.  Beautiful establishment!i'd love to give 3 stars, but i just... can not.
just a newbie to New Orleans, my friend who's a local LOVES this place. she is a regular there, and has dropped serious (serious to me anyway, over $500 total) cash there.
knowing this, i thought "yes, i am finally getting to experience a real jazz lounge!"
walked in, and while the setting was intimate, and definitely agree about devious behaviour being encouraged by the ambiance; well, THE SERVICE SUCKED.
we asked for water to get us started while we looked at the drink menu. Oh yes, we were planning to drink. the server said, "I can order water, but, you know it's a 1-drink minimum?" I said, "i understand, but we'll start w/water just until we can review the drink menu and figure out what we want."
she never ordered the water. then she brought the people next to us 2 glasses of water.
HMPH. i understand it was busy, i understand blah blah blah. 20 minutes went by and she could have at least said "i'm sorry for the wait, i haven't forgotten." 
so i asked if we could order food, because after all, they had some good things on their Bites menu. "let me ask the kitchen." EXCUSE ME? YOU JUST BROUGHT PLATES/SILVERWARE/NAPKINS TO PEOPLE I JUST SAW WALK IN!
so, after that, we asked for water again, along w/my drink, and then we got up and walked out. 
i don't care WHAT TYPE OUR BOURGEOIS JOINT you're trying to run: this was UNacceptable.
won't return. may try the #2 location, but this one - I CAN'T BE BOTHERED with.Great Jazz Great atmosphere. Stayed at the Royal Sonesta so it was a treat to just head to the lobby and enjoy some great live music and drinks.The food was average and the drinks are overpriced.  However, what makes this spot so great is the live music. Don Vappie jazz band was amazing and the Brass-a-holics a GoGo/hip hop/Pop band set the place off!!! Everyone was dancing and having a great time. Definitely, worth checking out.Great vibe and atmosphere. One drink minimum required.  Saxophonist was great and acoustic was good. Would recommend for matin wanting a taste of jazz night life in NOLA.Atmosphere, atmosphere, and more atmosphere. The band was excellent and the venue even better. We had the worst seat in the house and didn't mind a bit. The specialty cocktails are a little out there.  I tried the cucumber margarita, and while I'd likely not try it again, it definitely added to the other worldly upscale experience. The cool thing about this place is you see classy folks in cocktail gowns, the college set in wrinkled t's, and everything in between.  Of the several jazz venues we visited in the quarter this one was definitely our favorite.Awesome evening here while visiting New Orleans.  I really appreciated the ambiance and upscale persona of this place.  Don't get me wrong, I love swanky no frills jazz bars, but there are times it's nice to dress the part and go a bit more upscale.Amazing place!
With a rotation of bands nightly, how can One go wrong in this beautiful setting listening to great music?
 If you do wish the table, get there early or reserve your table ahead of time. The place does get crowded
Highly recommend!Second night here this week while in town for s conference. Different musicians every night. Relaxing environment.Went here my furst time in New Orleans and I really really enjoyed this experience. This spot has a great vibe and great music! It's a nice indoor getaway from the busy scene of Bourbon Street.Pretty good jazz band, cocktails are really good and the ambience in the room sets a nice mood for after hours unwinding. Right off Bourbon. If you're looking for a place where you want an authentic New Orleans experience check this place out.We were here for a wedding and they asked us to keep quiet which we complied with.  Then they kicked us out because apparently we were not quiet enough, although no one complained... music was great, but management is horrendous.Found this place on Yelp, just wish finding the actual club were as easy.  After walking around the hotel for a bit trying to figure out where it was, we finally came across it.
Friday night jazz band was great - LOVED the no cover charge.  Just a one drink minimum per set.
Stayed for the Burlesque show - starts at midnight on Fridays.  First time seeing a show, and it was a lot of fun.  Sassy, sexy, and amazing music - there was a great singer performing.  
This is the perfect place to get your fill of Jazz music (in the a/c - unlike Preservation Hall) - right on Bourbon Street, while still feeling like it's SO FAR from Bourbon Street. (in ambiance)So we went on line and paid $20 per person to a see a Wednesday night trio perform a 8pm. The band piddled in at 8:05, placing instruments on stage, drinking lots of wine and goofing off at the bar. The first note was played at 8:32. Very unprofessional. The trio: piano, bass player and drummer were solid, the trumpet and horn players were horrible.
Our server was mechanical. She wasn't rude, just blank. She did not exude "hospitality" like one might except at an upscale hotel.in fact, the servers at the Ruby Slipper are 1000x more friendly and welcoming for a diner breakfast. For God's sake, this is supposed to be FUN!!!
The cocktails were also sub par compared to other local clubs. What a crushing disappointment. As we left after two songs and surveyed the geriatric NY retirement crowd we confirmed we will NOT be staying at the Royal Sonesta on future trips. Back to the Ritz Carlton.Went here to listen to Grammy Winner & Apollo Resident, Irvin Mayfield. That dude has major talent & lungs! I wish there was a gift shop of his stuff!I could write a lengthy prose about all the the things I dislike about Bourbon street yet this is the one place that would make me disregard all those concerns and come back over and over again.
The setting is intimate, the decor is classy, and best of all the weekend shows are free. The crowd on the weekends is mostly older and a stark contrast to the boisterousness you'll find on Bourbon street just right outside the Royal Sonesta's doors. 
Every Friday night they feature a jazz band with an old school burlesque show around midnight. Arrive early for some pre-game jazz that will set the mood for transporting you back to a different era. It's the perfect warm up and if you ignore the crowd, look ahead, and focus on the performers pretty soon you'll forget that it is 2012 rather than 1932. 
Friday shows seem to fill up quickly. Even around 10 it is standing room only. If you don't mind standing you'll be fine. 
As if the Burlesque isn't enough, every Saturday they feature a brass band at midnight as well. It doesn't get as packed as Fridays so you can usually find a good seat even if you arrive late. I've seen some truly remarkable jazz performances on these nights. 
While Fridays and Saturdays are free shows be wary of the drink prices. It is a hotel after all and the prices reflect that. 
This is one my favorite places on the planet and I long for the day I can return to New Orleans as this is always the highlight of my trip.This is one of the few music clubs in town that virtually never has a cover. And it's right on Bourbon Street (okay, just "off" Bourbon Street because the entrance is a few steps inside the classy Royal Sonesta Hotel).  I've seen a number of folks here including Irvin Mayfield, Kermit Ruffins, Wendell Brunious, and Don Vappie and I have to say it's a perfect setting for most music though get there by show time otherwise the tables fill up quickly on the weekends at least.
Wine & drink options are fine but very overpriced - there's also a one drink minimum which is completely fine given that there's no cover charge.  And speaking of no cover charge, please make sure you tip the band because it ain't easy to make a living in music and if you're getting in without a cover they're basically playing for free.  One thing I wouldn't advise at Irvin Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse is to get food.  DO NOT EAT HERE because the appetizers they offer here are just not good.  I've had a better burger at a school cafeteria than the 2 small "Kobe Sliders" with onion rings offered on the menu for $12.  Fried green tomatoes - no.  Crab cakes, clearly pre-made and just thrown into a fryer.  There are plenty of good sit-down places nearby (including 2 in this same hotel!) or if you're looking for something casual go to Killer Poboys which is less than a block away but by all means please don't waste a New Orleans meal at Irvin Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse.
Overall, I'm a fan for good music in the French Quarter - which is hard enough to find on its own - but also a classy atmosphere on Bourbon Street.  Pretty nice option.We stumbled upon this great venue.   We got there early to get a good seat.  There didn't seem to be a bad seat in the house.   We ordered appetizers...got Debris Fries, artichoke dip and crab macroni.  The bow ties crackers served with the crab dip were so unique and delicious.  They were all really good.   The BEST of the night was the fried  peanut butter and jelly!!!!  Music was great!  Very classy but casual venue.  Will recommend this to friends that are coming to New Orleans!  FYI tip is included but called a cork fee.I can always count on Irvin Mayfield's to deliver the class and jazz on trips to NOLA.
Thursday nights--James Rivers is THE man! When was the last time you seen flute, harmonica, saxphone and the bagpipes all played by the same guy in a Bourbon Street jazz club?! Never.
Sexy atmosphere. We saw a couple of kids, which I was slightly confused about. While the raunchiness of Bourbon Street doesn't dare enter this establishment, this is definitely a mature environment.The best highlight of our time spent in New Orleans. Any night of the week it is filled with unique people down for some jazz. The hotel is beautiful, the drinks are delicious and a little pricey, but definitely worth it. Music was absolutely incredible. If you're in town for only one hour, spend it here.Went here four out of five nights. Started with the amazing Gerald French. Experienced sax player Choo Choo Pascal and the amazing Irvin Mayfield.  This is a must see.My husband and I came here several night ( after the Jazz and Heritage Festival). The drinks are reasonable and the music was great!  We will be back! See you next year.Love the burlesque show here on Friday nights! Place is cozy and feels like you stepped back in time. Drinks are good and you can't beat that the burlesque show is free!Live jazz on a Sunday at The Mayfield is an ode to pure artistry.  Miss Brazile voice was historically amazing, she uses her voice as an instrument. Also try the chargrill oysters, they are buttery delightful.The food and drinks are excellent .... and the music is perfect authentic true Jazz. Look for it inside the hotel .... the perfect upscale hidden gem on bourbon street.Went Friday night for the music and burlesque.  It was a great time.  The service was very friendly and helpful.  The shows were great, amusing entertaining and sexy.  The food was great.  Had the sliders and was shocked how good they were.    Would recommend this to anyone visiting the area.Loved every moment at this place such nice jazz club. Plus the drinks are awesome.I'm not ashamed to say that this gem of a live music venue was discovered via Dave, a local guide for Historic New Orleans Walking Tours. 
All along, Dave was keeping it real, throwing in insightful personal commentary alongside illuminating facts. Above all, he lamented the decline of the Bourbon Street music scene. 
Ushering us into this quiet wing off the Royal Sonesta's decadent lobby, he mentioned that we were now sitting in one of the few remaining places on the main drag where one could hear some good tunes. 
"And not even a cover," he added.
The '70s influenced decorations, bundt shaped couches, and blue lit Kubrick-esque bar had all the exclusivity of NYC's Boom Boom Room but none of the pretension on the old world charm at ground level on one of the oldest blocks of the Crescent City.
As Dave went on to transport us through time with true stories chronicling everything from the time of Native Americans to continuing Katrina relief efforts and the talent of Drew Brees, my friend and I eyed the empty stage. It seemed poised for greatness; like a set one might see in a fine play house rather than a hokey hotel bar. Our suspicions about taking the advice of a tour guide melted off, and we determined to come back.
Later that night (Halloween), we showed up as the twins from The Shining, with fake blood smeared all across our torsos. Before the doormen could even greet us, I demanded a restroom and ran out through the courtyard to make it to the bathroom before my Hurricane rained down...
Much relieved, my friend and I sidled up to the door like the succubi we were.
"Can we...go in there dressed like this?" We asked. The hostess raised her face, and we saw that it was painted all over with a hideous vein-like zombie design. 
"Well, I'M made up like this, so I do think so!" She drawled, leading us into the room. There were couples, elderly women, a few Asian visitors (there are always a few in any place worth visitng), and then there were us. No one glared at us or anything, and within moments, we snagged prime seats at the bar, where my friend had a Prosecco and I had the "Blood Punch" bartender's special - essentially a fancy Hurricane. The fact that there was a one drink minimum did not dampen our excitement, as we had aimed to imbibe the delicious concoctions anyway.
We sat with our backs towards the bar and enjoyed a full on performance the Original Tuxedo Jazz Band, whose musicians carried on a tradition begun in 1910. 
In other venues, jazz can easily come off as hokey, derivative, or overdressed. This performance was none of these things. 
As the vocalist crooned about missing New Orleans and writing herself a love letter, and as the drummer winked at me in the middle of a complex beat and the bassist's fingers high stepped over four joyous strings, I got pretty misty myself...imagine a bloodied icon of a Kubrick movie, slumped over in a bar stool with watery eyes and a permagrin, kicking her white-knee-socked legs with Mary Janes on her feet...
Later, the bassist - an elegant grandpa figure indeed - asked us about our costumes. I was completely starstruck...
I feel lucky to have been led by the hand of a big hearted local to this enclave of New Orleans's treasured jazz heritage, for now I can say with a straight face that I DID see live music - enjoy it - during my time in the "big easy."My husband brought me here to listen to live jazz and Michael Watson and the Alchemy were playing. Absolutely a great band. My only issue is that it is the same weekend as the red dress run and so many people were walking in and out and making scenes. They were promptly kicked out by the staff which was great because it was hard to keep focus on the band with all of those distractionsWe decided to go there on a whim last Friday evening after dinner. It was our last night in New Orleans and we realized that we hadn't seen any jazz shows. I didn't want to buy tickets to anything and I didn't want to wait in line, so this place seemed perfect. The web site had indicated that you could attend the show for the price of a drink. The Jazz Playhouse is located inside the Sonesta Hotel on Bourbon. I knew there would be a show starting at 8:00pm, so my husband and I got there at around 7:30 just to get situated. We were greeted by a very friendly hostess, who let us choose a table near the stage (but not in the front row, as those seats were reserved for people who bought tickets). We ordered a bottle of wine ($40), since it seemed a better deal than individual glasses ($10). Our seats were great; we had a direct view of the stage. The lounge was clean, elegantly decorated, and a little glam, too. Our server, Nakima, was wonderful. Closer to 8, the tables started to fill. The crowd was mostly couples and skewed older. The Nayo Jones Experience came onstage on time. They were fantastic! The band was super talented, and Nayo herself was a class act. She sang mostly jazz standards (At Last, Summertime, Feeling Good, etc.) and she and her band made sure the crowd was entertained. There were several tables celebrating birthdays and Nayo sang happy birthday to them. We had such a good time that we stayed for the second set (ended around 11:30pm). This was the highlight of our entire vacation in New Orleans. Highly recommend!4/5 go ahead and try it on a sunday night.
so i almost never ever walk into anything inside a hotel in nola. it's just like *crickets* as an option.
but a colleague was in town from DC, and his newly networked friend told us about ms. germaine on sunday evenings. well my golly, it is a treat. she is so good, it brings to life a quality of new orleans (albeit staged) that really does feel like a good time. dooo doo dooooo do ba ba ba pa pa shhhh haaa zing! she'll do a set every hour or so, so just if you come and they're not on stage or she's midway, stick around for another round. the drinks are a little pricier by nola standard, but with her show it' worth it.The best jazz experience of our entire trip to NOLA.  Drummer Jason Marsalis met and exceeded all expectations with his superb three-piece.  It was especially nice to see him give five different local musicians (including two fellow drummers) a chance to come up from the audience and shine.  The ambience of the swanky jazz club was par excellence and the specialty martinis (strawberry and mango-pomegranate) were out of sight!This is my first trip to New Orleans, and Irvin Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse in the Royal Sonesta Hotel quickly became a favorite. Tonight a jazz band is currently playing jazz with a Latin twist, and I am liking it. I can't tell you anything about the food, but the drinks are okay for Bourbon Street, the service is good, and the music is excellent. If you are a tourist, looking for a place to listen to live music, you will not be disappointed here, and you even may discover a love for jazz you never knew you had, as I did.Outstanding jazz in a super cool and quiet venue.  Good cocktails make for a memorable experience.I can see why This place gets some good reviews because the atmosphere is cool and the band that plays during the burlesque show was FANTASTIC however we arrived early to get seats to see the show and much to our dismay they allowed people entry and to stand in front of all of us that had been there spending money for over an hour and we could not see a thing.  The waitress said she would ask the manager to ask them to find a seat or stand in the back but after 20 minutes nothing happened so we left   We stayed at the hotel and went to a cocktail party here and that was fine. I would not go again.Came here to see Robin Barnes, the show as advertised as being open to the public in all publications and when we get there was dismayed when we were told it was a private show. Even Robin did not know that it was a private show because if she did the fee she would have charged would have been more. This place screws fans and entertainers alike and goes well the recent reputation of its namesake, just stay away.Here's where you  need to be on Saturday nights when the clock strikes midnight. 
Brass bands play on most Saturday nights,which include, but not limited to:
Soul Rebels
Free Agents
Hot 8Beyond the fact that Irvin Mayfield is involved in this place and who's playing, not much info is available on their website. So here's the deal: There's no cover charge but there's a one-drink minimum and drinks are exorbitant ($6.50 for a small draft beer, $9 for a martini). There's no smoking. The music is listed as starting at 8 but really starts a little before 9.
The atmosphere is so-so. Since there's no cover charge and it's in a hotel, you've got lots of people popping in and out. Some people are dressed up and some people are wearing jeans and t-shirts. There's a fair amount of chatter. Food is available to order. The staff seems friendly and professional.
I was a little disappointed in the music in that I was hoping for more of a serious jazz experience and instead we got a touristy thing where they mostly played warhorses (Take the A Train, Route 66).
One odd thing is that they have a TV screen pretty close to the stage playing black and white videos of real jazz. They don't turn it off during the performance, so you've got Sonny Rollins on TV playing sax while a trumpeter plays a few feet away in real life. It's distracting.
All in all, a decent addition to the music scene, but go more for a good time than a hardcore jazz experience.Great live music, talented band. Right on Bourbon Street in the Royal Sonesta Hotel. No cover, one drink minimum. Exactly what I expected a New Orleans jazz club to be!We celebrated the 2018 New Year in New Orleans and it was unbelievably cold.  This place is one of the wows of the trip.   The Original Tuxedo Band was just amazing, like an embodiment of all things New Orleans.
The jazz was divine and the venue was great for it- classy and comfortable and romantic.   We reserved a seat for 20 bucks and it was totally perfect -  gorgeous music, nice drinks and the world stepped outside for the couple of hours we were there.   It was a lovely experience.We stayed at the Royal Sonesta and decided to eat here for dinner one night, especially since a Jazz band was playing that night.  Our drinks were really good and the food for the most part was really good as well.  The crab cakes were phenomenal! Everything else was okay.  Service was great and band even better!Luxurious! Cocktails are about $12-15. I had pomegranate tini and it was great!
Don't be too surprise if you are the only one in early 30's! :pOn our honeymoon to NOLA, hubby and I knew we had to make a stop at this legendary spot.  Both being jazz musicians, we know finding places to listen to authentic jazz music ANYWHERE are few and far between. The evening we went, Jason Marsalis was playing with his trio.   While we only got drinks, they also give you a generous portion of a gardetto's-like mix to snack on.  Our hostess was warm and welcoming, and our waitress was more than attentive.  All in all, a great evening!This little paradise is only minutes from anywhere in downtown NO.   We walked there from the convention center no problems.  Great entertainment and Great service for as packed in as we were.  !!
Fun Night!!!  Gotta get back!Elegant place to listen to fantastic jazz. The musicians were clearly having so much fun and they were very very good, we are so glad we chose this place. Comfortable seats and attentive wait staff makes the experience even better.Hidden in the Royal Sonesta Hotel, this quiet alcove is a respite from the debauchery and accompanying smells of Bourbon Street. Tonight's performers were incredible. The music is a mix of new creations and old favorites with the performer's unique flavor. Nice place for a glass of wine or scotch and some good soulful jazz.One of the very best things I did when in New Orleans...Irvin Mayfield's.  One of the best times I have had listening to music ever.   The band was excellent and Irvin joined in on the 2nd set.  A true winner.   
The night I went Glen David Andrews performed...he and the sax guy were amazing along with the rest of the group.
Hint: If you want a reservation call a day or more ahead.  Same day reservations are not taken.This is as good as it gets! While on vacation, the hotel we were staying at suggested the playhouse for entertainment, and boy were we happy we went. 
The charming hostess and a friendly waitress who remembered us and our seating and drink preferences (we went twice!) really set the standard for the evening. The atmosphere is a much appreciated break from the raunch-fest taking place outside the doors of the Royal Sonesta hotel. With comfy couches and inviting lighting, the room is intimate and soothing. Drinks were a bit pricey, but well worth the cost. I'll tell you, these were some of the best drinks we've had all vacation (try the pear flower!). 
Of course, the music is really the highlight of it all. The musicians are exceedingly talented and interactive with the audience. We had the pleasure of watching Irvin and the Nojo band and we loved every minute of it. But the other band we saw was just as delightful. Really, no matter what night you go, you're in for a special evening indeed. When in town, make an effort to stop by---you won't regret it!