Cute place and nice concept. Like the atmosphere and the staff, but the food was not good. Slow, room temperature and bland. Cold mashed potatoes and subpar fried chicken with a rubbery biscuit. Better at Popeyes for 1/5 the price. 
In a town with options this is not one.We drove through the garden district on a whim on our way out of New Orleans last weekend. We wanted to sit outside at a cafe and randomly picked this one. I'm so glad we did!!
We were there for Sunday brunch. I ordered a mimosa which was perfect. For food my man ordered buttermilk fried chicken and I tried the cheeseburger. The food was amazing. The chicken was cooked perfectly and came with delicious mashed potatoes and gravy. He said it was in his top best chicken of life.
My burger was cooked to a perfect medium and every factor was done just right. The cheese they used was an imported Irish cheddar and might have been the best cheese of my life. It complimented everything perfectly. The fries were great too. They are medium sized steak frites touched with sea salt. I ate every last bite of my meal.
What I loved even more about this place was that the owner came out and spoke with us for a few minutes. He asked what we were doing in the city and if we were enjoying ourselves. I was impressed that he knew about The Buku Project and also just as impressed that he cared to ask. After he left, the chef came out! She asked about our meal and also talked with the other guests sitting outside.
Overall this was a wonderful dining experience. the entire staff was delightful and the food was great if not a bit pricey. Would definitely come back.We have eaten here twice within ten days and enjoyed it very much, both times. Our servers have both been excellent. Or meals - enchiladas, crabmeat sandwich and reuben - were terrific. The music is very good. The place is a delight.Had a gracious welcome from one of the owners on New Year Day's brunch. Tasteful interior. Service was friendly, but a little slow.  Food portions plentiful, but the 3 of us all thought both food and drinks (Bloody Mary's) were somewhat bland - forcing us to "salt it up". I would go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way.  There are just too many better options. They do a nice job, but not what I would expect from the owner's experience/biography.The drinks are great. The mussels were superb. With chorizo and cilantro. The sushi grade seared tuna was excellent, but the jalapeño macaroni and cheese was out of this world. I would definitely come back or recommend this tiny surprise on Magazine Street. Great accidental surprise!We are literally sitting here still waiting for our food after ordering over an hour ago. And the restaurant is not even half full. I don't care how good the food is, the service is ridiculous. Would never recommend this restaurant. We told people at the door to leave.This may be my favorite brunch place ever!! We drove past several places that were packed. We were able to get in here right away. Sat at the bar, and met Trace, an excellent bartender. Cat on a Hot Tin Roof may be the best brunch drink EVER!! 
We ordered the Uptown and the Olmstead, and we were perfectly satisfied. The portions aren't ridiculously giant...they were just right. Everything about this place is....just right.Stopped in for a cocktail. The bartender was rather standoffish at first, but we didn't think much of it at first. But then another couple came in, and his attitude completely changed. He became so friendly and personable with the new couple. He chatted them up and asked all sorts of questions. Then we attempted to also have a pleasant conversation with him, and he shuts down - hardly looks at us and only answers with short, direct sentences. Then goes back to others and becomes mr. personable. Left me extremely cold me. Would not recommend coming here if this is how they treat people like my husband and me.Brie and goat cheese enchilada with the grapefruit rose water martini!  Amazing ambience and vibe!I was here only for "Taco Tuesday" and did not get a chance to get very far into the menu, but I had three tacos all excellent and shared a salad with my companion. The service was very good, and the good excellent. Not sure if there was special pricing for Taco Tuesday but I thought the bill reasonable, full bar of course and a congenial crowd.This was hands down the best meal we had during our visit to New Orleans. My Mom and I are visiting New Orleans celebrating her birthday, and we decided to take a break from the usual tourist joints in the French Quarter and enjoyed our time in the Garden District and Audubon Park today. While in this area, we were driving down Magazine Street, which has lots of great restaurants, coffee shops, and stores, and we noticed The Standard. The service is amazing. The ambiance is intimate and cozy. And the food is delicious! We very much loved everything ... from the pumpkin and corn soup to the sangria to the main courses to the bread pudding to the coffee (with house-made almond cream) and hot chocolate (with house-made whipped cream and black sugar sprinkles). We will definitely return. By the way, if you are visiting New Orleans and don't have a car - you can get here by taking the Street Car to Napoleon and then walking a couple blocks to Magazine Street.Sometimes sexy and smooth comes with corned beef and saurkraut on rye bread. This is where I found sexy and smooth, at The Standard in their reuben sandwich. Barely noticeable as we walked down Magazine, the Standard pleased us with Bloody Mary's and even fried chicken New Orleans' style.
We'll go again and we'll ask for Dillon again too!I really like the owners, they seem committed to the neighborhood.  I think the decor is terrific, fresh but cozy, a huge improvement over the previous incarnations.   The waitstaff are friendly and attentive.  That's where my positive review ends.  The chef displays a shocking lack of knowledge of basic technique.
Whoever put the menu together does not know the market.
Whoever exectued it should be replaced.  Like yesterday.  Seriously.  I want you all to succeed, it's an alternative to other places we frequent in the neighborhood and we can walk there which we love to do.  But we aren't going back unless you change the kitchen staff and seriously reconsider the menu options.Charming place, friendly with a fascinating menu that delivers unfussy, hearty taste.  Had the  rubbed salmon on zucchini, others at table enjoyed the goat cheese enchillada and the burger.  Server helpful with advice and let us take our time. Great value!Great food and atmosphere! I had the CT&C with fries, which was excellent, with the goat cheese providing a sweet touch to the adult grilled cheese. Only downside - $3 seltzer water.Just arrived in the city and we were hungry. Found this place and happy we did. Sat on the back patio. Great service and the food was very good.Shawna makes a mean Bloody Mary. Also, definitely rocked out an Irish Whiskey with this other vanilla stuff that was p dang great. Get the shrimp and grits. Chicken Salad sando looked great, and the side salad used Actual Spring Mix. Very respectable for a brunch snob/day drinker like myself.Interesting in looking at the review here.  The standards food is okay - nothing truly exceptional.  Soups are sometimes quite good.  When my wife orders a Bloody Mary's she likes it quite a bit.  However, we have stopped eating here because of the waiter Pierce.  To me he is just incredibly over the top to the point of being pretentious and over bearing.  Imagine my surprise that some folks enjoy that treatment!!!  But I imagine that is the type of service that one receives at Commanders Palace a place I have never been and likely will never go.  So it goes.Went there his past Saturday for brunch with a group of friends and was more than impressed. The service was amazing. Our waiter was so friendly that he actually shook each of our hands when we left and thanked us for coming in. We order a mimosa pitcher for $32 that was delicious and made with fresh squeezed orange juice, champagne, vodka and triple sec. I order the crab cakes Benedict for $15 with a side of cheese grits. The grits were amazing -definitely order them as your side and the crab were delicious. My friend who ordered the sweet potato pancake let me have a bite and I'm glad I did. It was delicioussssss. So good and was topped with melted brown sugar. The coffee was also amazing. I highly recommend this place. Very cute atmosphere as wellYesterday was the second time in a week I came here!  I never do that but the food was superior and the service excellent. Pierce our waiter was just awesome.  
On Lundi Gras I came in and had brunch with my daughter, enjoying a tender amazing pulled pork dish with  poached eggs(done perfectly) and soft yummy cornbread.
Yesterday my husband and I enjoyed their special brined pork chop and amazing Reuben, like nothing I have ever tasted thick slices of perfectly roasted corned beef on house made rye with the perfect amount of cheese.  Oh and do t even think about a side of fries as long as they are doing the house made potatoe chips. 
Beautifully crafted cocktails including a truly outstanding Bloody Mary round out this outstanding addition to the magazine street restaurant scene!We stopped by here before dinner across the street for a cocktail. Reminded me of a nouveau farmhouse style. Clean, bright, cute bar. 
The absolute BEST cocktail I have ever had - and we are from NYC. It was a whiskey cocktail (they called it a sour but that does not do it justice). Louisiana small batch whiskey with fresh pressed (in front of us) lemons, limes, and satsuma oranges and cherries soaked in moonshine.  Unbelievable! I could've had ten of them. 
Bartender and staff were so friendly and cute and attentive. Wish I had more time to come back and eat. Menu looked great !! And very reasonably priced.Had Saturday brunch here today. Pierce, the host was excellent. Very gracious at the beginning and end of our visit. The food was fabulous. I had the chicken salad on croissant it was yummy. Others had crab Benedict and Reuben's. Yum. I'd recommend this restaurant.We really enjoyed our brunch at The Standard. Great space, relaxing and spacious, with great food on Magazine St. I had the southern benny and the fried chicken on my benny was boneless and fried to crispy perfection. My husband enjoyed his omelette as well. We also had Bloody Marys and coffee. The prices were reasonable and while the staff were very polite, service was a bit slow. I would definitely go back!A friend recommended this to us today and so we went for Brunch.  What took us so long to hear about this place?  We remember when it was a French restaurant. 
Really cute and comfortable place.  Love the oversized wooden country French tables and chairs.  
We had the Fried chicken with poached eggs on biscuits and the chef's pickled watermelon garnish (her grandmothers recipe as she told us).  Fabulous!
Can't wait to come back to try more of the menu.This space has seen quite a few restaurants come and go in relatively short time spans.  I'm not sure this one is going to last either as they don't seem to quite be up to the standard needed to survive in the competitive restaurant scene of NOLA.  
On my last visit I had their burger which at $10 was a fair price but it was served on quite a small slider size bun with a thick serving of meat.  The burger tasted decent but it doesn't come close to the amazing burger at nearby La Petite Grocery.  I was disappointed they didn't have Creole mustard and the french fries were limp and lacking much in the way of flavor along with actually seeming to be rather under cooked.  I ate at the bar and was given a water but somehow I never had my drink order taken so I would've ordered an iced tea but I never got the chance to order that.  My friend enjoyed the fried chicken they had so that might be a worthy item to sample.
Overall I'm not sure I want to return but there were some other interesting items on the menu so perhaps they will improve with more experience so I will wait and see for now.Great service and the food is amazing. The southern benny and shrimp and grits were out of this world. Very quaint and cute restaurant.We had the pleasure of enjoying Easter brunch at The Standard, with Chase on the bar. We ordered the pulled pork with poached eggs on corn tortillas, as well as The Standard - 2 eggs with a baguette, grits, and bacon. Both dishes were excellent, as was the coffee and mimosas. Chase was an excellent bartender, joining us in conversation from time to time and sharing tips on which parade to check out, and the atmosphere was cozy and bright, with rustic furniture and other items decorating the space.Very good local place w/ small but good menu. Cassidy behind the bar is welcoming & friendly. Knows how to mix a drink from their creative list & although the selection is limited, it is enough for most to enjoy. The fried breast over mashed potatoes & served with a biscuit is enough for 2 meals, especially if you are daring ( or dumb enough) to order their spicy shrimp gumbo beforehand.What a delicious find!   Excellent Lakeshore omelet.  Shrimp, cheese and baguette gooey goodness.  The goat cheese, mango relish enchilada is yummers.I don't understand any of the negative reviews. We walked in and were immediately greeted by Pierce who also happened to be out server. He was ridiculously courteous and genuinely sweet throughout our entire meal. He recommended a drink, which my boyfriend enjoyed so much he got a total of 4- one of which was to go.
The food was amazing and decently priced, the decor was adorable and the atmosphere was perfectly in tune with the rest of the restaurant. I would go back just for the amazing service, Pierce went above and beyond during our visit and it's so rare to see that nowadays.Review is for Sunday brunch.
I want to give The Standard a 5, the interior is gorgeous and the menu is extensive. I think the staff just need to get into their groove. It will come with time. I will definitely be back.
The mimosa's come with ice and not in a champagne class. That bugs me. I want the fancy glass and don't try and make it look like a giant drink by filling a cup with ice. Also I want the fizz of the champagne so please leave out the ice.
I had a version of eggs benedict with lump crab meat. It was fine. Didn't leave me speechless or drooling lol.
I want to try for dinner and re review.I like the cozy little bistros along magazine street, and the Standard certainly lives up to the allure of the hipster/avant- Garde /post de Gaulle influence of the street. It says "I'm an New Orleans citizen not just a tourist" in a moderate but not up in your face way. The shrimp pasta with avocado is unique, although it could have used a bit more sauce. For 16$ I mean it's a filling meal. The burger is also a good selection on the menu, as you don't have to break the bank or go too fancy on your friends if you're not on a date night. The service is above average here as well, as our waiter went above and beyond to get us homemade barbecue sauce for the fries. Overall this is a good location and a nice spot along the restaurants here with foodReally wanted to like this place- the decor is very cute and it has a great location. From the moment we walked in the staff was dismissive, bordering on rude. We asked how long it would take to be seated outside and one of the staff members responded, "I don't know, a long time." Service during the actual meal was fine but largely absent with no warmth or individual attention. The food was completely average which, for the price, was a huge disappointment. Both my partner and I felt as though we had wasted 50 dollars.Pierce, our server, was one of the nicest and attentive servers I have ever had from the Service Industry. He is from Seattle and New Orleans is lucky to have him here. When you go do ask for him as your server. 
We ate on Sunday during brunch and the brunch menu is spot on. The Marigny dish does not disappoint.Cocktails are delicious! Irish coffee comes with real whip cream!! 
Can't go wrong with the fried chicken. The mashed potatoes are so yummy, who knows what they put in there!
There is outside seating and a dog friendly patio!!This place was the best of our trip to NOLA. Ali (owner/chef) is amazing.  The fried chicken was incredible  and the bartender Tracy was awesome.  Highly recommend this place!What a beautiful southern charm! I've walked by a few times so decided to plan a girls dinner and it did not disappoint. We got the Brie and Fried Grit Cake for appetizers. We shared the Buttermilk Fried Chicken, Watermelon Salad, Steak and Salmon and they all were delicious. I love taste testing fried chicken and this spot has it down. It's a whole breast, soaked in buttermilk, lightly fried and then tops mashers and gravy. Yum! The staff was awesome, the owner said hello and her beautiful poodle, Charlotte was even a hit. Go and try it out!I went to lunch here with my mom. She had a burger with a cup of soup which was gazpacho today. The burger is taller than it is round with a thick slice of tomato, thick slice of onion, and lettuce. You can add your own condiments. Mom was happy. I got the crab Benedict. At the bottom was a thick slice of toasted baguette with two mini crab cakes and two eggs with sauce on top. The eggs seemed to be more fried than poached. The yolk was very loose and runny. The flavors were divine. I liked the crunch of the bread with the softness of the egg and crab cake. There was one waiter, and there were only a handful of tables so the service was efficient. I liked the decor with the repurposed wood and the wall of plates as a piece of art.I went to eat there yesterday afternoon. I got home and 4 hours later I get a migraine and throwing up and upset stomach it was hell I thought it was never going to stop. I got food poisoning from the crab bennidict. I'm better now but it's been almost 24 hours. 
On top of that the service there wasn't that great. They were severely understaffed we got out food about 30-45 minutes after we ordered it and then we got our drinks about 19-15 minutes after that. Which doesn't even make sense.This hip spot made our trip to New Orleans! The place is inviting and warm and the staff was beyond attentive! Food and drink was superior! Everyone in our party left there totally satiated and HAPPY! Thank you Ali and Tracy, you sure added to our trip!Ali and Lana's place the Standard hosted me and my artwork for Art for Art Sake on Magazine at in early October! The place looked great, the food was fantastic and service friendly and professional!!! Thanks for having me y'all!!! Xxo, HollyWent in on a weekday afternoon as I was walking down the street.  Just wanted to get a quick drink at the bar and maybe a small bite to eat.  The staff working was very welcoming; the owner happened to be there and she took a moment to speak to me.
I ended up getting a Sazarec at the bar and I was less than satisfied.  I don't feel like the bartender had much practice.  The drink was warm and was straight bourbon.
I'll have to come back again and try some of the food.  I've seen that is gotten busier now since I've gone.Overall a very positive experience. Went there for Sunday brunch. The menu was Lousiana twists on brunch staples. Portions were generous and the food tasty. I had the Lakeshore (?) Omlette which was stuffed with crab, shrimp and covered in an oyster based sauce which was delicious and the just the right side of filling. We tried the Bloodies which apparently had won an award recently - they were very solid, quite boozy and nicely spiced. Were they exceptional? I would say not quite award worthy but definitely good and made me wish we didn't need to drive so we could explore the rest of the cocktail menu (full bar). The space is light and airy and the servers were friendly. It wasn't exactly fast (which was fine for us - we weren't in a hurry) but otherwise I'd be thinking 4.5 stars and debating whether or not to bump it up to the full 5 stars. I think the place hasn't been open too long - I hope they find their clientele because there's no little competition on Magazine street for cute brunch spots. Support them!David is quite a gentleman and makes a hell of a drink. The atmosphere and decoration are both great. Also enjoyed the music. Overall just a solid experience.Awww man. I want to be able to say nice things because the staff was great and clearly cared, but... I can't. Food was decidedly not good, I'm sorry. The crabmeat sandwich had terrible fishy flavor. The Brie appetizer was hard and flavorless... I don't know how you screw up a brie and fruit spread plate. And greens appetizer was also upsetting. Won't be coming back, very sorry to say. It was clean, staff was sweet, but the food was a fail.Went in for lunch. Herb Chicken Sandwich on croissant was delicious. Decent local beer selection. Cocktail selection looked pretty solid as well. Glad theres another good spot in the neighborhood. Will def be back for dinner.Lukewarm food + cockroaches = never coming back. When we walked in and were the only customers there - should have changed our minds but we've wanted to try this neighborhood joint. Everything was fine until the food. Two dishes were brought out, lukewarm. Two other guests at our table had to wait 10 minutes for their plates to come. Unfortunately, one was a well done steak when it was ordered rare. They cooked another and was medium rare but did not offer to comp anything and gave it back on the same eaten off of plate. The other dish was a crab melt but tasted super fishy. Can't tell what the problem was there exactly. THEN a cockroach crawled over my foot. The wait staff finally killed it. Then ANOTHER COCKROACH flew past my head onto the wall across from us. I'm a transplant to Nola but from Charleston, SC where huge cockroaches are common. However, never inside of a restaurant.I had the crabcake, sauteed spinach and bread pudding.  I felt like a local before I left.
A MUST EAT place - loved it.  AMAZING food and the service was perfect.Was visiting and Had Brekke with my brother who lives around the corner. Arrived at 11 on a Wednesday and they were offering lunch or brunch.  Perfect!!  Had bloody's, crab bennie's and benicio (cornbread, pulled pork, poached eggs and a little bbq on the side recommended by the waitress).  Yum!!!!   Beautiful space and great service!I happened to stop by for a sandwich to go which was delicious. The space is cozy and well appointed. I thought I would just stop in for a sandwich but I will be returning. The menu is direct and to the point (no fluff) and seasonal. I was particularly impressed by the attentive staff - they were polite and engaging. I will follow up on this review with another.After months of walking past The Standard (we live around the corner) and saying, "We should eat there someday," my hubby and I finally stopped in for dinner. It was a Saturday night, but there were plenty of tables free and we sat right down. 
First impression: This menu looks...... delicious. Lots of southern and "homey" sounding dishes. Fried chicken, mirliton, steak, burgers. But creative dishes too, like a pumpkin corn chowder that sounded great. 
I ordered the fried chicken, my husband ordered the pork chop, and we started with some drinks and a pear salad. The salad was great, and excellently portioned for sharing. We had barely finished it when the entrees arrived. In fact, that's really my only gripe with my meal. The food kind of arrived too quickly. Our salad arrived 2 minutes after we ordered it, and the entrees less than ten minutes after that. It's great to have prompt service, but I did feel a bit rushed, as there was literally no break between courses. 
But, I digress. Back to the food. My fried chicken was great -- it was boneless, which was fine by me, and crispy without tasting too greasy. It came with a fluffy biscuit, house made mashed potatoes, with the skin, and creamy country grave. Deliciously unhealthy!! 
My husband got the pork chop and I'm not exaggerating when i say it was the best pork chop i've ever tasted. I practically had to stab my husband with my fork to sneak a couple morsels off his plate. The chop was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside and packed with flavor. Yum. 
Service was prompt, unfailingly polite and helpful. Definitely a great meal! Looking forward to trying out their brunch.Visited first thing Sunday morning and was greeted with great service and mimosas! Awesome vibe inside the bar too. Will definitely come back!Really excited about this cute, airy brunch spot on Magazine. We've been twice now and both times were fantastic! Their drink and food menus offer a lot of options including flavored mimosas, fancy coffee drinks (including the alcoholic type), and a variety of eggs benedict (my favorite). Only complaint is that the fries taste frozen and are flavorless. Everything else was scrumptious! Service was fast and friendly (except for the perpetually grumpy bartender), the people watching was fun, and they have outdoor seating for when the pollen isn't too bad! I highly recommend this little gem!I'm mostly reviewing because I want to give this place a boost! I've been twice, had absolutely excellent service and loved the food. Have ordered or tried the crab sandwich (best crab cake I've had in a while!), shrimp merliton, the fried fish and the bread pudding. All of it was so good. I'm really looking forward to trying their brunch, too.This is one of my go to restaurants in the city. I've eaten here tons of times and never had a bad meal. It is Magazine Street's best kept secret!Ally is amazing as well as Dylan and the entire staff here. Very friendly, sweet and helpful also  knowledgeable. I'm visiting from Cleveland Ohio and absolutely love this place. Amazing cocktails etc.Excellent walk-in brunch! Seated our table of six immediately and the food and mimosas were delicious. Friendly service and a cute atmosphere rounded out a great meal!I love the standard Soo much I went here 3 times, twice for my birthday. I had the crab burger which was amazing. I just never thought of writing a review. Staff is wonderful and when I finished my burger one of ladies brought out a dessert that tastes soo amazing. I will me coming back soon even if that means just ordering.Of all of the restaurants that have been located in this building, this one is ok.  My husband ordered the steak and I ordered the stuffed mirliton w/pasta.  The steak dish was delicious and the mirliton was ok.  We are from New Orleans so we know what home cooked stuffed mirliton taste like, but it wasn't bad.  The service was good and the prices were good as well.  We will go back and try some other dishes.  I hope this place makes it.Best fried chicken I've had in many years -- it reminded me of the authentic southern food my grandma used to cook, with a fine dining presentation.  I'm the type of person who is afraid of seafood and I always turn down crab, but I had some crab here that I truly enjoyed.  The chef/owner was busy in the kitchen, personally participating in the cooking and directing the staff, but she spared a few moments to come out and greet me, ask how the food was, and thank me for coming.  All in all, a classy restaurant I highly recommend.The service was outstanding. The minute we walked through the door we were greeted and felt right at home. Our server David was really attentive to us and wonderful. The fried chicken was out of this world. Cannot wait to go back. We will have to try the grapefruit martini!This is my first visit to The Standard. I came with a friend. She ordered the tilapia and I ordered the chicken. Both were delicious. I must say the gravy was the best I think I ever had anywhere. Just amazing. The pear salad is excellent. We finished with the bananas foster. I'll definitely be back!!We just walked in here with a big group and loved it. Food was delicious, simple menu reasonably priced, and we had lovely live music by piano player/singer. I had the crab melt and would highly recommend for crab lovers.Very understaffed. I had crab cake bennidict. Took 45 minutes to an hour to get the food out to us. And they weren't even busy. Our drinks that we ordered when we sat down came out 20 minutes after our food! We were lready done eating and ready to go! How does that even happen?! Four hours after I ate( which that is all I ate that day) I got a terrible headache then stomach cramps and then puking and downhill from there. I went to Dr I had food poisoning. I was miserable. This happened this past Saturday it's now Thursday and I can't eat anything but toast or rice or apples still. My body and tummy still ache. I tried to write a review when I was sick but I couldn't think straight enough to tell the story properly. My whole experience at that place was terrible. I will never go back. It ruined my whole weekend vacation to Nola. I was so sad and disappointed and mad.Great ambience.  Great ladies who run the place.   AND great food.  It's comfort food with a twist.  Can't recommend strong enough. Loved it.The place looks so good, the service was friendly and fast, but the food was unfortunately just fine.  We went for breakfast, and the food wasn't bad, um-memorable.  There are so many great choices that I would not go back.We love this quaint brunch destination. The menu is typical brunch fare and the service is friendly and welcoming. The crab cake Benedict was cooked perfectly with a lots of lump crab meat.  The pancakes were light and buttery. The bloody Mary's were spicy and strong. Just the way I like them.Get the steak and eggs
Get the poached eggs
This place is incredible
Super Neighborhood restaurant. It's also super dog friendly.I ordered the enchiladas with chicken. I had to send the order back as it was too cold. Once it came back it was hot but once I started eating this my meal...the beans had no flavor, the chicken was tastIess. The mango salsa was not salsa just mangos...no tomatoes or jalapeño or cilantro, lime or anything. The meal was horrible and I still had to pay. Will never go back!!!!The Standard is one of those new places that evokes old New Orleans as soon as you walk in the door. There's just something about this place that charms you.
I had brunch here on a Sunday and the crowd was light. The have basic NOLA brunch food on the menu such as french toast, eggs benedict and potato pancakes. I got the shrimp and grits, because whenever I see it on the menu I have to try it. Their version is really good. First of all, they give you A LOT of it and it is really rich- if you are able to finish an entire bowl in one sitting, I would be pretty impressed. The shrimp is tail-off and the grits are nice and creamy and topped with a cheese sauce. I wouldn't say there are the best in town, but they are up there. Note: menus floating around don't include the shrimp and grits on the brunch menu, but they ARE on the menu.
I also enjoyed a bloody Mary which was decent, but didn't really blow me away. I would get one again, if I were here, but I wouldn't make this a destination for JUST a bloody. I really liked the food and service and I would come back for brunch.Pretty disappointed in this place, but should have known when we walked in and heard someone arguing with the waitress about how long the food was taking. The place was relatively busy when we arrived for a late lunch, but quickly died down. Ordered cocktails and they took 20 minutes to come out, the server was very apologetic. Finally got around to ordering food and, after around 25 minutes of waiting, everything was just ok. Medium rare steak was cooked well done, and the marigny was totally bland. The shrimp and grits and the uptown were well received.  Would probably not recommend, unless you have a couple of hours to spare.Went to The Standard today and was not pleased. The Grits and Grillades were bland and grits are my favorite.We had breadfast/lunch there, and I admit, the food was wonderful. We split the sweet potato pancakes and the eggs sardou, two of our favorites. But the potions were pretty small (which we wouldn't mind normally, but most orders of pancakes are 3, not 2, for example), and the price a bit high, considering. Drink were... meh. My husband had a sangria, something he really enjoys, but he likes fruit in it. Theirs only had an orange wedge.
So, not great. I'd wouldn't go out of my way to eat there (especially with Shaya right across the street).Disappointing and overpriced with terrible service. Been there twice just to give the place another chance, but it was consistent. There are so many other better places to go along Magazine.I am very disappointed in the food. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, but the food is another story. None of the food hard flavor whatsoever. Add at least a little salt and pepper, but NOTHING. Save your money and go across the street or next door. They do have good drinks. That's it. THE END! Will NEVER be going back.We ate at the Standard last night for dinner.  I've driven by plenty of times.  So last night, we finally decided to pull the trigger on a nearby neighborhood restaurant.  
Food was average, or maybe slightly better than average.  We had the brie for an app.  Brie is easy one to get right.  Recipe probably involves heating it up for 30 seconds and serving with fig and toast.  No surprise here.  Very tasty but nothing special.  I felt like I have this stuff at my apartment (according to Shari V, we do not).  Shari V had the crab melt and I had the burger.  My burger was seasoned well.  Bun was a little small given the thickness of the patti.  I think it could use a heartier bun, but the whole deal was decent.  I thought the fries were the best part of the dinner.  Again, this felt like something I could make at the house, but I think my burger would be better.  Looking over the menu, it seemed pretty ho-hum.  Nothing creative.  Although I only had the burger, I'm sure the food is overall pretty tasty.
Place was a quaint little spot.  We were 1 or 3 tables in the restaurant.   Slow Tuesday night.  It's got nice decor.  Aside from being empty, I liked the ambiance.  I can see why it would be a popular choice for brunch.
Our service was pretty darn good.  I forgot the waitresses name, but she got us in and out pretty fast.  It was late, and we were ready to dine and dash.  She checked in on us appropriately and made sure we had everything we needed throughout the meal.
Overall, I liked the Standard.  Solid meal but I doubt they have anything on the dinner menu that would wow a patron.  Who knows?  I'll likely repeat based on proximity.We had very high hopes for this place because some of the reviews were very good. First of all, despite everything, the service was very good. Both servers that we had were very helpful and friendly. The food however, left much to be desired. We ordered several things off the Happy Hour Snacks menu. The crawfish pie seemed like it had been heated up in the microwave and the inside was still cold. The boudin balls were also cold. I don't know if they were supposed to be but they did not taste good. The fish tacos and the loaded fries were ok, but overall, our food experience was not good. We will not be back here.Wish we could've stayed for the food. Got seated, no one came to take drink or food orders for over 10 mins. Waited over 45 mins for food after placing order. After being told three times our food was on the way, we walked out. Horrible service and there were empty tables throughout the restaurant. I would give zero stars if I had the option.I live in this awesome neighborhood and go to the Standard at least one a week! Taco Tuesday is pretty irresistible! The fish, pork, chicken or beef tacos are all tasty and at $2.00 a piece one of the best deals in town! I like other nights and their brunch too! The folks that run this place have become good friends and I love going here! Great drinks and lovely decor makes it a good neighborhood place to meet friends for just a cocktail or two as well!  Thanks Ali and Lana! Love you guys and ya food too! Xo, HWhat an amazing brunch. I had the Bencio. It was jalapeño cornbread with pulled pork and poached eggs and hollandaise. It was spectacular. My wife had the Reuben and she said it was the best she has ever had. The waiter/bartender was nice and funny. Absolutely should try this place.