Count me as a big fan.
I guess they've been getting slammed every day and tonight was no exception.  They looked a little understaffed  but the food came out eventually.
Great burger - the toasted bun really sets off a tasty burger.  The b&b pickles are a nice compliment to the rest of the sammich and the mannez bar is very fresh tasting.  
Nice selection of beers including NOLA and I just noticed they serve sazeracs!
Great pickled jalapenos.
Not a bad value at $6.50 for a single.So I'm not really a burger person, really picky about my burgers... but I LOVE company burger!!!! My boyfriend took me here for the first time a few months ago and I have used it as my "cheat meal" every week since. The mayo bar is fun, garlic mayo is my favorite and the onion rings are so good!! I get the "company burger" as it comes, and as I said it's to die for and I crave it all the time!!Burger & onion ring perfection! My go-to hangover food. Met the owner last time I went & he was very nice...loved his passion. Can we focus on the onion rings for a sec though...they are seasoned so perfectly that I'm salivating just thinking about them now!Good place, we came on a Sunday and it was a good bit of people but not over crowded. I had the turkey burger and my bf had the company burger with fried egg. Both were cooked well and very juicy! The interesting part is that they have a mayo bar that have different flavors of mayo. I tried the basil mayo and it was really good. Good place overall, good selection of beers to sip on as well.People are too generous with their stars. Their signature burger is 2 beef patties which are fatty and delicious with pickles onions and cheese. No lettuce or tomato. Ok maybe not a big deal. But the bun is ridiculously mediocre. It's basically a McDonalds bun. If you aspire to be a gourmet burger place this bun is not gonna cut it.I believe this is the best burger around town. One single burger feels me up completely and them tots dont play. So yummy!Tasty burger with a great mayo bar. Roasted garlic, chipotle and basil mayos and homemade sweet pickled jalapeños available on the may bar.Very good quality of meat but too greasy. 
Excellent service, friendly waitress and clean bathroomsBest counter burger in New Orleans. My boyfriend always orders the Company Burger which is two patties. I did that once and it was too much food for me so I stick with the single patty now. The fries with their sauces are great too.Was super stoked to try this place out because I've heard such great things... Place is super mundane and the burgers mediocre at best...I guess if you like mayo more than your hamburger this place is pretty cool.... I won't be going backArriving late in New Orleans on a Sunday night, we got to Company Burger about 20 minutes before close and were surprised to see the dining room still half full. The décor has a no frills factory feel, which is complimented by the steel tray your food is served in.  
I ordered the Single with side of onion rings.  Company Burger has an assortment of homemade condiments available, and instead of hiding these behind the counter the customer is free to apply their own toppings of choice.  The burger itself perfectly cooked, slightly pink on the inside, and cut with the right amount of fat to ensure a greasy, but flavourful bite. Even late on a Sunday, the bun was fresh and held held up to the patty instead of crumbling apart.  The onion rings were also a hit with the light tempura batter giving a nice crunch to the bite. I even snuck a few rings onto my burger to complete the experience.  
If you find yourself on Freret street with a craving for a juicy burger, you can't go wrong here!YUM! Tasty burger, great atmosphere. The condiment bar with flavored mayonnaise is a great addition. I went for lunch and ordered a single burger, onion rings,  and a drink for ~$10. You order at the counter and then they bring your burger to you. A good place to get in and out on your lunch hour!My expectations were definitely met!  People have told me The Company Burger has one of the best burgers in NOLA and I have to agree!  I came here on a Saturday around 2:30 and this place was still packed!  We each ordered the Single Burger with smoked bacon and an egg with sides of onion rings and sweet potato fries.  What makes this burger joint different is their awesome condiment bar, which includes a special sauce, different mayos (basil mayo, chipotle mayo, etc.), pickled jalapenos and onions, SRIRACHA (need I say more?), different hot sauces, and your typical burger condiments.  
Once we got our burger, I couldn't wait to dig in!  It was SOOOO juicy and delicious!  You could really taste the smoked bacon.  My favorite condiment would have to be their special sauce, which tasted great with the burger and paired AMAZINGLY with the onion rings.  The onion rings were so great!  I loved that they use red onions, and the batter was soo good!  The sweet potato fries were also a winner as I love sweet potato fries with a passion.  The only down side to this place would be that it can get pretty expensive.  It was $6.50 for a single burger, an extra dollar for an egg, and 2 extra dollars for bacon, and 3 dollars for sides.  My sister and I didn't even get drinks and it added up to $25.00 for two small burgers and 2 sides.
Aside from the price, I will be coming back soon once my tummy is no longer bulging from my pants!This place is very good for what it is: Fast food made with better ingredients and little more care than a standard chain. However, all the "best burger in the city" hype is just that, hype. These are thin patties cooked on a grill and served on decent buns. They're greasy and taste pretty darn good. The milkshakes are also pretty darn good. But are they better than similar chains in other cities? Not really. It's certainly a place I would eat again if I was in the neighborhood, but as a tourist it isn't really worth the cab ride over JUST for the burger. (Pair it with an evening at Cure and it's a little more worth it.)One of the best burger i've had in a really long time. Great buns. Extremely friendly and fast service. Extra points for having ice cold root beer.Taste very good, bun not too heavy but can be thinner, sweet potato fries excellent, variety of mayo choices.  The only negative was my wife's single burger was too rare (raw) in the center.  My double was cooked just right.Hands down best hamburger in the city! Basically the only burger I eat. The sweet buns the meat that taste like meat and amazing bread and butter pickles!
They also have a Mayo bar and pretty fantastic onion rings. 
Also try the grilled cheese with egg and baconIf you want a great, greasy burger, head over to Company Burger!  We tried the original and the single, both were excellent.  And the onion rings were fantastic.  Be sure to try the various seasoned mayo toppings. And the bread & butter pickles are the best!
It does get busy on the weekends, so you may have to sit outside.I think, no I'm pretty certain I climaxed when I ate this burger. Have you ever had a burger and fries so good that applying condiments might compromise the integrity of the food? Well the Company Burger needs nothing other than a napkin to wipe your greasy paws with! The fries are great too. They were still crispy after a 20 minute drive back home. This place is dangerous. I need to keep my distance...Simple but flavorful burger. Proves that simplicity with great ingredients and execution trumps the over complicated food we see these days.OUTSTANDING HANDS DOWN THE BEST BURGER & FRIES
Some of the softest bread you will ever taste lightly toasted with butter pretty much melts in your mouth. The fries are outstanding I am originally from the East Coast. There we have boardwalk fries. Those fries match up or compete with those boardwalk fries.  Also once you receive your burger you have the option to put your own mayonnaise and other condiments on yourself. I ordered the company burger that & their sweet tea is phenomenal!   Quiet comfortable setting very classy. Also has a 60 inch flat screen on the back wall. Clean restrooms quality service in a quiet location. Just wish they had more locations throughout New Orleans & Baton Rouge. Hope this helps.The actual meat and bun themselves were good and I really liked the fact that they grilled the onions but did not AT ALL like the sweet (as opposed to dill) pickle slices. Who does that? It was an ok burger but just ok. Would much rather do Truburger, Yo Mamas, Cowbell or Port of callDefinitely the best burger in town. Love the onion rings. Great selection of beer and drinks.  Nobody can touch these burgers.   Hand cut fries are also incredible.  Will be back every week.Very good burgers, but on the overpriced side. Fries are excellent, tater tots are good, onion rings aren't disgusting, but are uninspired and bland. 
Overall great burgers! Minus 1 star for price and slightly lacking sides.It's just okay. I seriously don't understand the hype of this place. There's much better burgers in the city. I did not care for their fries at all. It wasn't bad, but based on reviews I was expecting a great burger.I would actually would like to give a 3.5, but Yelp doesn't allow it.
I became a big fan of Company Burger on my visit. We sat at the bar and watched the guys crank out burger after burger during peak lunch time. Everyone stays busy and takes pride in what they are doing; it is quite obvious. I respect them for that. This place will do very, very well, and I believe they will expand rather quickly. Just a hunch.
I had the Company Burger, 2 patties, cheese, pickles. They serve "griddle" style burgers... You know, a rather thin, flattened patty, cooked on a flat griddle. Best one of this kind I've had in the city. and I hate to put Tru Burger on blast, but the Company Burger is Tru Burger on steroids. Much better, in my opinion.
The buns are nice, holds everything together really well. The burgers were really juicy, or greasy, whatever you want to call it. I added some of their garlic mayo and a dab of ketchup, so the bun had reason to fall apart. It didn't. It held up strong.
I also had an order of onion rings, which were awesome. My only complaint was that I got 5-6 onion rings served in this little itty bitty teensy tiny container for $3 or $4. Kind of a rip but they were homemade, thick onions. Nice batter too.
Got out of there with a $12 bill. That was a Company Burger, onion rings, and a 12oz canned drink.
All in all a very solid burger and solid experience. Waited under 10 minutes for our food to be served. I wouldn't call it fast food; for one, the food is just on a different level. It's more like quick food. You can be in and out in 30 minutes without eating some pre processed patty. Will definitely be back.Simple menu. Convenient location. Laid back atmosphere. What more could a girl ask for?
Seriously though, the burgers are delicious! One of the best I've had in NOLA for sure!This is one of the New burger places that opened in New Orleans after Katrina and thank goodness it did. This town was starving for a really great hamburger and this is one of the best.  The onion rings are some of the best you will find anywhere as well and unlike the chains , they have a rather full bar menu.  The prices are not cheap but do reflect what a real burger costs these days.Let me begin by saying my family and friends call me the hamburgler. Do not be fooled by my 5ft 4inch 110 pound frame because I can throw down with most 260 pound guys....
And THIS my friends is it. I've probably eaten more hamburgers than anyone I know and at places famous like The Pantry/umami/apple pan in Los Angeles, port of call here in New Orleans, brindle room in NYC, and about a zillion infamous places in Texas, Nashville and the like.
But this place trumps them all. Fresh, steaming, gooey happiness...simple and totally out of this world. I love the fact that there are only a few things on the menu because these few things they do flawlessly! The homemade condiments just are just the icing on the cake. The onion rings are the best I've had in years and word on the street is the owners mother bakes all the deserts that, by the way are delish! If you want reasonably priced, fresh and local hamburger perfection really they can't be beat.You'll find No Poor Boys here; only Rich People.
Everything at the Company Burger is À la carte & not cheap considering what you get! You can fill your belly with a lot of really good stuff, but your wallet will be starving after they take all your cash. I had the CornHog; it is a deep fried, battered piece of Pork Belly and it was really good! 
Not a horrible value at $6.50 for a single; but the beverages & sides will quickly add up significantly. 
5 stars for food, -1 for the outrageous prices.New Orleans has needed a place for an awesome burger! And this is it! The burger is exquisite and the chef (Adam) is wonderful. Very personable and committed to quality ingredients. He's super sweet and has an awesome company! The fries and tater tots are very good as well. Everything is fresh, and the condiments bar is epic as well. Best burger in NOLA by far! :)Took the teenagers for a quick bite Friday night. Don't be confused by its being a burger joint - it is pretty pricey but the quality more than meets the price. Great burgers and toppings - locally sourced ingredients, if that matters to you. Kids got shakes and Mom got a frozen Paloma cocktail. Oh - and The.Best.Cheese.Fries.Okay, so I've only been here once, but since I live down the street I will definitely be spending way too much of my money here in the future.
That's really the only reason I docked a star, because I spent ~20 on a burger, beer, and fries. Granted, I chose one of the more expensive beers, recommended by the very kind employee.
I asked for a standard cheese burger, not dressed, and with fries. What I got was two patties of deliciousness, lots of cheese on top, and a robust and tasty bun. Unfortunately, I don't think the cashier heard my request for fries. 
I got my burger in a timely manner and realized that my fries were missing, so I went back up to the register and ordered them. The cashier, a different employee, was very apologetic and asked them to speed up my order of fries. And boy, was it speedy: I was walking away from the register as they called my name for my fries! Everyone was super friendly the whole time and the customer service was perfect.
The burger itself was EFFING. DELICIOUS. Me and my roommates were all doing our good food happy dances while eating (and not talking, at all, because we were so engrossed in our burgers).
The only drawback, besides the price, was the fact that the patties were kind of thin. I definitely would not have been satisfied with a single. I was also never asked how I wanted my burger cooked, though I'm quite sure they would have accomodated my request had I remembered it while ordering.
The fries were thick cut and delicious, though I had to season them myself. The serving size was small but appropriate, as I could barely finish them after my giant, delicious burger.
All in all, a positive experience. Good beer selection, even some cocktails if I remember correctly, cool condiment bar, nice and helpful staff, and yummy food. I will definitely be back to try their other dishes (I'm coming for you, lamb burger!!).The Company Burger is an exceptional restaurant to stop in for lunch, dinner or in between. When you park your car, and open the door ,their is the extraordinary smell of a fried  hambuger in the air, drawing you into the restaurant against your will. First, start your meal off with a beer and a shot while you wait on a wonderful piece of heaven to be cooked to perfection. I suggest a double cheese burger with a fried egg on top, and a  side of sweet potato fries,and another beer and a shot to make the meal complete. Don't expect to go back to work on this lunch because you will destroy the rest of the afternoon. Also, the kitchen is completely open to all eyes, so you know exactly how your meal is being prepared. Overall, tops in my book, expect the best from this establishment, I know you will enjoy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!All these reviews I've read about Company Burger being either too expensive or...gasp...too meaty (non-vegetarian) are whack!  $8+change for a perfectly cooked and perfectly proportioned burger served with house-cured pickles on a freshly baked brioche bun is a mighty fine deal in my book. I love the tricked-out mayo bar, love the drinks, and love that I'll never have to set foot in Atlanta again to get a burger as good as the one I remember from Holeman & Finch when Adam worked there.  Anyone complaining about the price of this perfection is clearly living a life sheltered from all the $15+ great-sounding/blah-tasting burgers/fry combos in the world and anyone griping about the lack of vegetarianism here may wish to consider instead eating at any of the 1,000+ restaurants in Nola without the word "BURGER" in their name.Staff was relatively friendly. Burger is good - better than mediocre but not the best I've ever had. Fries were a little too burnt for my liking. Worth the price? Probably notRight off the bar, what I liked about Company Burger is that they have their own parking lot (no searching for parking yay!!!).
Decor-wise, it is pretty similar to most "gourmet" burger chains. The inside of the restaurant was nice, but it was a beautiful day out so I sat outside (besides, I get better lighting for my food pics). It is counter service, so as you enter, they have menus at the door. Once you decide what to eat, place your order, wait to be called and then sit and eat.
The options are pretty limited (4 burgers, a hot dog and grilled cheese) but they all sound good. Burgers are a dime a dozen but making you own pickles, mayo and fresh baked bread daily, it is far more appealing. My fiancé AKA Burger Boy had their namesake Company Burger with a fried egg and bacon thrown on top. He loved it but what can I say, he loves burger!
He paired the burger with the Onion Rings. They were good sized rings with a very light, flaky batter.
I never had a Lamb Burger, so I decided to try it. The size was good and it came with Feta, house basil mayonnaise, red onions, and chili mint glaze. On paper it sounded delicious but it had too much sauce and then started to make my bread soggy and I do not like soggy bread. I didn't enjoy it as much as I felt I should have but I am thinking it I ask for less sauce next time, I will be able to enjoy it a little bit more.
I had my burger with the Sweet Potato Fries. They were tasty.Had lunch today at Company Burger. First time eating here and I was not disappointed. Ordered their signature burger and it was delicious. Two very juicy and perfectly cooked patties with cheese and pickles. The mayonnaise bar was a nice touch with it's different selections of flavors. The real highlight though for me was an order of the best onion rings I have had in years. Add all this to actual off street parking and it is a great experience all around.Second time eating here. Burgers were delicious as well as the fries. Service was friendly and fast. Ate outside on the patio because of the great weather and they brought our order out to us. Definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area. Absolutely love toasted buns on burgers!My family and I aren't from NOLA, so we don't know about what's good to eat around here, but when someone highly recommended Company Burger to us, we decided to give it a shot. There was not a thing at this place that didn't blow me away. The fries were good, the homemade garlic mayo was delicious, the milkshake was AMAZING, but the real star of the show was, predictably, the burger itself! It was so juicy and flavorful! It's a shame I won't be in NOLA for much longer, I'd love to come back for another before I go home!I eat here so often that my actions have already added the fifth star long before my fingers got around to typing this.  My wife and I eat a Company Burger at least once a week.  And it may come as a surprising flip of preconceived gender roles that we visit so often at her insistence rather than mine.  But I am always a willing accomplice when we sit down to murder these fine burgers.  Try to do a little of everything and you end up doing nothing well.  Company Burger does hamburgers.  Very well.Burgers are always good here.  I usually get the company burger with bacon with tots.  And the Sweet Tea is good too! It has its own parking lot which is good for the location.I wanted to try Company Burger for a really long time, and finally made it over.  I wish I could say that it lived up to the hype, but it just didn't.
I had a company burger, onion rings, and and a cocktail, and my total was $23...so pretty expensive...AND they charge 50 cents to add tomato!
I think I could deal with the price if the burger was good, but it wasn't.  The bun was slightly chewy like it been sitting under a heat lamp.  
The onion rings were VERY good, and I also really like the different mayos offered.  
For my cocktail I ordered a Violet Smash.  It wasn't good at all.
There's a lot of great burgers in New Orleans, so I don't see myself every going back to Company Burger.Delicious, fun, and casual. This place has everything you need to have a quick outing. Cocktails are delicious, food is fresh, and plenty of different appetizers, condiments, and sides to share.  Everything we had was delicious!  Milkshakes are pretty rich (and I am a sweet-lover), so if you want to indulge, I would consider sharing one!This place is awesome!!!  While it wasn't my first go around my first trip was kind of diluted with a big group with talking and what not so I didn't really appreciate the greatness that I had in front of me.  I went here on a Monday for lunch when I was slated to stay in New Orleans one extra day.  I ordered the basic cheeseburger and realized that I ate a burger with no condiments and it was pure greatness!  I will be back, and you should be too.This place is a staple in my favorites for burgers. I've ordered the lamb burger more times than I can remember and it's excellent every time. 
The lamb burger patty is never dry and has a juicy (not fat) texture. The red onions and chili mint glaze give it a tangy snap. I rarely add mayo because I really enjoy the flavor of the lamb.   
Add the sweet potato waffle fries and an old fashioned and you have an amazing meal!My first visit here I wasn't blown away, but after a second visit, I'm willing to upgrade my review.  Prior to coming, I had many people tell me that the burgers here are life changing. While it's definitely an above average burger, life changing is a stretch.  I would however come back again and again when craving a burger.  It's definitely a good place to take out of town visitors.  And in case the cashier doesn't mention it, you should check out the condiment bar at the back.Company Burger is delicious and who can go wrong with Red Cream on tap and, crispy delectable tater tots as a side?!?Loved the burgers and fries, great flavor! Also enjoyed getting to try the sauce bar! It's a very cute little joint with a walk up counter to order!You really cannot beat this burger. It's arguably the best in the world. So simple, yet so unbelievably delicious.I'm always near Freret St, but I've never eaten at Company Burger until today.  Great Burger and Sweet Potato Fries.  In fact, the burger reminded me of the burgers my dad used to grill back home.  The dining room was almost full, but I was able to find a table for my family of four.  The big screen TV was on ESPN and we ate to the sweet sounds of the Beastie Boys.  Perfect!  Four singles, four orders of fries, and four fountain drinks cost me 50 bucks.  I'll be back!  Tell them to go easy on the onions!BEST burgers. I crave this place, which I am not known to do about any food. The burgers will NOT disappoint. 
I have had some pretty legit conversations debating between which is better: Tru Burger or Company Burger (five guys: sit down, not now!) and hands down it is always Company Burger. This meat is prepared so well you can taste the herbs and spices and LOVE.
The burgers are not the enormous Port of Call delicious burgers- but they have their own something special that makes it worthwhile. That meat, the cheese, their onions, the bun, the whole thing is a frigin mouth explosion, you need to go. Go now!! I am having a moment.
The mayo bar? It is like I am my own master chef with all my little concoctions I can make. It is easy to eat there or to go because they have lots of little mayo to go cups for your convenience. Sometimes I prefer to take the food away or eat outside because it is always packed there. BECAUSE IT IS THE BEST. The people who work there are always friendly. It is always clean inside.
Even when I maintain a very strict, low calorie diet, this is my once a week lunchtime cheat and I just cannot, cannot feel guilty about it because the burgers are THAT good. I would not waste these calories on food that did not totally satisfy. 
GET THE TOTS! Basil + chipotle mayo! Heaven!Very disappointed in this place.  Definitely not better than port of call or any other New Orleans staple. This burger seemed to be a frozen patty that someone threw some salt on. On the other hand the onions rings and sweet tea punch were good. But those two alone will not make me go back.
I visited Company Burger because of the great Yelp reviews and Yelp has failed me once again. What a waste of $30!!!Friendly (fast) service, solid burgers, house-made condiments and good (well mixed) drinks.
Ordered The Single, Onion Rings and Rye Mint Julep.Best hangover cure!
The milkshakes were fantastic and I still crave the chipotle mayo.Burgers, onion rings, milkshakes, and fries are awesome. Good quality and always perfectly cooked. My only complaint is that they don't have lettuce available as a burger topping.My room mate and happened across this place tonight and were pleasantly surprised. I had the lamb burger and it was in a word INCREDIBLE. The pecan old fashioned and the pork rinds with jalapeño vinegar left nothing to be desired. I definitely look forward to returning. Juicy burgers, good drinks, and a quaint little outdoor picnic area.I would be highly suspicious of anyone giving this establishment less than four stars. There is something magical about freshly made and hand dusted pork rinds. Perhaps it's the fluffy crunch that follows each bite or the snap, crackle, and pop when you pick them up. This is just an appetizer mind you, their burgers are unparalleled in this part of town. I would put them up against Port of Call any day of the week. If your around Freret you must stop in for a beer and pork rinds, and get the ranch dusted... You will not be disappointed.This place never disappoints. Burgers are always on point. Keyword = consistency. The burgers are greasy as hell and someone's gotta do it. These lil daddies will certainly fill you up and have you in food coma. Every Tuesday, they serve up a wicked fried chicken sandwich. Everything on the menu is served up in generous portions. Easily top 5 in Nola for burgers.I can't emphasize enough how amazing this burger place is!  In my opinion one of the best burgers in town with Cowbell and Capedeville close behind.  The meat is ground in house every day, and they make all of their own condiments including the pickles! Everything is just so fresh, you can taste it. One of the best things about this burger is the bread.  It's super soft and just different than any other burger place I've ever tried.  
Try it. You'll love it!Favorite place in nola to grab a burger, hands down. Its a simple burger done right, cooked perfectly with just the right bread. I go for the single with cheese and add a fried egg. I'm not sure I need to explain the amazing that goes along with this. 
I'm not a huge french fry/tott person, but the mayo bar makes some fries for dipping essential. My favorite is the basil mayo, a nice fresh twist to heavy mayo. I also like trying their off menu vegetables- the green beans and sweet potato fries are where its at. 
Good atmosphere, they have a pretty good playlist going at most times. They serve beer, too. One pet peeve is when you see a table full of empty plates and people lingering. I love socializing, but when a place with limited seating is packed there's a time to move it along!Best burger in town. I live close and have been a bunch of times. I've never had a negative experience when eating here. It's a little pricey but I don't mind paying more for better quality. Be sure to try all of their mayo options as well as their milk shakes. They switch out the flavors so there is a good variety.What a great place! Delicious burgers, onion rings & the pimento cheese with pork rinds-unbelievable! Our best dinner in NO so far & the staff-great! Atmosphere is fun & eclectic..try itI got their lamb burger a while back and I thought it was absolutely delicious. Juicy, tons of flavor and didn't leave you feeling totally full after. 
Need to go back next time I am in town!I think I was lucky and caught them on a good night cuz the SAINTS game was on there wasn't a line out the door.
The lamb burger I had was the best burger I've had in town. It was not gamy at all. I love how the chef seasons the meat right before it hits the grill. The onion rings were crunchy and tasty better than fries I thought.
You can get a great cocktail here cuz the guys of Cure created the cocktail menu. On the line of drinks I love that you can sweeten your tea with simple syrup and agave nectar.
I got to chat a bit with one of the business partners after his shift. He is a really nice guy and he told me in the future they plan on expanding their hours! Oh and another very vital fact they have off street parking!
I can't wait to return to give the turkey burger a try.Pleasantly surprised!  I have been looking for a solid turkey burger since moving to NOLA from LA, and I am glad to say I have found it!  I had the turkey burger dressed as the Company Burger with a side of Jalapeño slaw.  The burger was tender and the flavor was on point.  The spiciness of the slaw was a little jarring at first bite but it was delicious.  If you don't love spicy food, bypass the slaw and try the sweet potato fries.  The ones that I had were seasoned perfectly.  I will definitely be back!Ok, haters, I don't know how to tell you this, but, to put it mildly: you're wrong. And possibly stupid. And definitely are no kind of foodie. So go ahead and stay home - more for the rest of us. Everyone else with a brain and functioning taste buds? GET IN YOUR CAR AND DRIVE TO THE COMPANY BURGER NOW. If that's not possible, take the streetcar or ride your bike or hitch hike or walk through flood waters. Really, whatever it takes. 
Onto the meat (ha! a pun!), I search out the best burger wherever I happen to be. Though I've lived in NYC for 10 years, New Orleans is home. And, now, with the opening of The Company Burger, a much tastier home it is, indeed (as if I thought that could be possible?!). 
TBC killed it. First of all, the space is immaculate. No sitting on top of your neighbors. A SPOTLESSLY clean open kitchen, where the staff, who are churning out food at an incredible pace, seem totally calm. Music = good mood but not too loud. Game on mute = perfect entertainment. Mayo bar? You had me at hello. 
But that's just aesthetics. Now let's talk food. The bun was perfectly smooshy and yet perfectly toasted. The red onions were slivered JUST right. The burger itself? Take me now, lord. The meat was delicious and cooked to perfection (usually I like my meat dripping in blood but this perfectly pink middle did the trick). Then there were the B&B pickles, of which I was originally skeptical. Let me assure you: fear not. They added juuuuust a hint of sweet to the savory masterpiece. And that mayo bar?! Holy sh*tballs! Added a snap of garlic to my already delicious situation. And then there was the bacon. Swoooooon: the bacon. Just the right amount of thickness (not too thick, not too thin), expertly crisped, and smokey smokey smokey. 
Sweet potato fries? Also perfection (noticing a pattern?). Crispy on the inside, smooshy on the inside, left no speck of grease on my fingers. The tatertots, which I ordered on a whim as a childhood throwback (and split with my mother, as with the sweet potato fries - I'm not a total pig) were also totally crispy on the outside, smooshy on the inside and not covered in grease. 
So, basically, an A+++. If it didn't make me into a total crazy person (slash: if I didn't live in Brooklyn), I'd be waiting outside daily (minus Tuesday) at 10:59 am and again at 4:59 pm. And if you took my table? I'd slap ya for it. 
Adam Biderman knows what he's doing, y'all. Don't mess; just love it and eat it. 
I'm one happy customer (which was obviously not clear from this review ... oh, wait ....).Company Burger is truly the Best Burger I've Ever Ate! You can't go wrong with anything here. And the sauces, the sauces you can choose from are amazing complementary all served on the side.Pardon if my review is cryptic, mixed up, or flat out incomprehensible....I am currently recovering from a glorious cheeseburger induced food coma.  I haven't felt this level of contentment since the last time I...errr..ok, I'll keep it family friendly... Which, incidentally, also describes Company Burger.  Even though previous reviews pointed to a cliquish, pretentious staff, I felt genuinely welcomed and courteously waited upon.  From start to finish, the experience was positive, and there was great people watching as the Friday night crowd rolled in, too.  My daughter and I sat at the "bar", which was fun because we could watch the cooks flip burgers. Just go here, already!! You are destined to enjoy it.  And PS, if you enjoy bacon, don't hesitate to add to your burgers here. The bacon is crisp and has an amazing smoky flavor.Best damn burger I've had in my life.  Everything is perfect about this burger.  Just beautiful.  Always consistent.  The first burger I had was just as good as the last time I went in.  I never wait more than 10mins for my meal.Company Burger has the best burgers I have ever tasted. Some will argue that Port of Call is their favorite but I disagree. CB has fresh meat that melts in your mouth, encased in a soft bun. All of the aoilis are very tasty and I don't even eat mayonnaise! They don't serve lettuce or tomato which I usually eat on any given burger BUT this is CB it would only distract you from the juiciness and delicious taste of the burger itself, you won't miss it anyhow. PS my husband is obsessed with this place.
As I was ranting about the burger I forgot to mention the OMG delicious carrot cake they have displayed in the front. SO moist and the icing on top is made of a pineapple cream cheeseTaking off one star for lack of flavor of the meat (there was no flavor or seasoning) and one star for the amount of flies buzzing around! Yuck! Other than that, it was great. A little on the crowded side and the table vultures were circling waiting for us to finish that last bite. They were very generous with the delicious tomato slices. I was taken aback by the tip jar. It's pretty much a self-service restaurant.Painfully overrated. I heard amazing things about Company Burger, so my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try. The burger was good, but really small. I'm not a large person, but I wasn't at all full. Fries and tater tots were decent, but they had no ranch dressing (which is a must for me with french fries). The restaurant was loud and fairly uncomfortable, and seems unfinished (handwritten on paper signs everywhere, concrete floor, flag hanging from ceiling?) My last gripe has more to do with the "New" Freret Street than TCB in particular. While the new businesses popping up are good(?) they feel awfully yuppie. TCB didn't have a single black employee behind the counter. Or eating in the restaurant. No one who wasn't white. As a person of color, I felt a little weird about that, and wondered where the people who lived on the "Old" Freret Street work and go out for dinner. Because it sure ain't Company Burger. I give this business a whole extra star for the stellar basil mayonnaise (which I'm totally gonna replicate at home) but I don't get why people flock to this place. I've definitely had better burgers.A burger place without lettuce or tomato? That's not a gimmick (even if you do flaunt it on your pretentious "BYO L&T" t-shirt).
Otherwise great tasting food: wonderful burgers, great fries, onion rings, and tater tots. Liked that they have a good selection of local, domestic, and imported beers on tap and in can. Just wish they could hook me up with some veggies... :-/
Updating my review because I've been back a few times since and the tastiness overshadows my guilt, plus I joined a gym so the lack of veggies is okay.Burgers are just about perfect every time. The fries are pretty disappointing. They have a sauce bar. A SAUCE BAR. Ketchups and aiolis and mustards and all kinds of home made condiments. I've been here three times, and it's always a treat. I'm also a big fan of sauces.Burgers and fries are very much a personal "thing" and everyone is very specific with their requirements when describing the perfect bite of either.   Chances are your "best burger" or "best french fry" exists in another town and is, perhaps, only served in that town.  I get it.  
The Company Burger however will give you a (more expensive) out-of-town mistress to that burger.  There's just enough of that soft, pillowy bread.  The meat is juicy and well-cooked (I almost said perfectly cooked but I'm trying not to use superlatives). They offer egg and bacon as toppings.  You can get sides like tater tots and fries (regular or sweet potato) - neither of which were extraordinary but, hey, I was there for the burger.  
I say give it a shot.  It may be in the running for your best burger.  I know it's become my substitute.Probably the best burger I've ever had. I've never been a big burger fan-- this place changed that.After all the rave and drooling about the Company Burger, I was more than excited to experience it for the first time last weekend. I ordered the Single, no pickles, with fries. The price was fine - $12 for both, and the fries were aplenty (my favorite), and the burger was a great size. 
I liked the quality of the meat and ingredients, but the flavor was too salty. I am not sure if it was the cheese or the meat that was so salty, but I gave the burger to my friend. FYI: I am a meat girl - I do not just GIVE away my burgers (or fries - ever). Soo..... that kinda actually sucked a lot. I was not going to bring it back because it was tres busy, and I was already getting full off of the fries. Oh, the fries were delicious.
I will return there again for sure, but next time if it is too salty, I will ask them to remake. If possible. Now I'm hungry. But, when am I not.When the owners of The Company Burger were choosing suppliers, they spared no effort to find the best, and ended up with Creekstone Farms from Kansas for the beef, and Wisconsin's Nueske's for the hot dogs.   They make some condiments in-house, and the meticulous preparation shows.
Company set out to offer the consummate American cheeseburger, and succeeds on every count.  The classic comes with American cheese, house made bread and butter pickles, and red onions.  Note to Company?  Add a dill option.  Thank you.
The onion ring stack was superb, but I'd like a larger order.
The beef blend that the owners devised with the Creekstone is absolutely perfect, very flavorful, probably a brisket, chuck, short rib blend, with just the right amount of fat.
They have tots, sweet potato fries and pork rinds, with a large compliment of local craft beers along side some national brands and cocktails.
Switch it up if you're in the mood with a lamb or turkey patty;  eschew meat?  Try the grilled cheese.
The Company Burger is located uptown, and open every day at 11 AM, except Tuesday when they take a break.Okay, maybe a bit pricey, but we ordered one Company Burger, side of fries, the lamb burger and drinks.  All of it was excellent.  In fact, the lamb burger was out-of-this-world amazing.  Also, nice thick cut fries, homestyle -- perfect!  A must try... and try again!Decent burger place. A bit overpriced though. Very similar to "upscale" fast-food burger joints. Similar to smashburger or five guys.Tried this place out a couple weeks ago. The burger was RAW and totally inedible. I emailed the GM and she agreed the burger was undercooked and offered me a replacement burger...
Well, I picked up the replacement burger yesterday and that was raw as well...
It's such a letdown and gross to bite into a burger then realize it is raw...I read an article online listing the Company Burger as a top 25 burger joint nationwide and as the top burger in New Orleans. We had a trip planned to see a Saints game in New Orleans so we made it a point to try this spot out. 
I can happily say that I was not disappointed. The burger was tasty and cooked perfect. The mayo bar was as unique and awesome as the reviews I read said it would be. What really made  my wife and I smile were the sides. Their onion rings were amazing!!!! This is the first time that I have had Onion Rings made with red onions which I think gave them amazing flavor. We also tried their spicy crispy pork rinds which were delicious. 
We stopped here on Friday night, which was the first night we were in New Orleans. Then on our way back from the game we stopped in again. Besides Cafe Du Monde, this is the only place we ate at twice while we were in New Orleans. 
Thank you for living up to the hype Company Burger!!!Not the best I've had but it wasn't bad. I sat at the bar and the bartender was great about recommending some beers. The sweet potato waffle fries were on point though.These burgers are glorious and just the right size. If you love tots, order the tots! They are perfect for sharing as well. 
The speciality milkshake is always worth ordering. The seasonal was Eggnog, naturally I ordered. It was very rich & creamy. I love the garlic aioli to dip my tots in and also love the full stocked bar with several options of beer! 
If you are ever in the warehouse district, stop in here, especially for happy hour!Stopped by The Company Burger yesterday for dinner. I'll keep it simple, the burger was delicious. Simple menu. I had the Company burger (two patties, pickles, and American cheese, added bacon) and onion rings. Both were fresh and I can't do the bun justice in a review. Housemade brioche. Perfect texture. Only a few choices for toppings, though (unlike those "guys" that make burgers and wrap them in foil for you.) Condiments are House made, too. BBQ Sauce on the condiment bar would've garnered that 5th star. Happy hour m-f, 3-6, where most drinks are 1/2 price. That'll get you a good local IPA for $3.50 or a Bud for $1.75. Service was great, food was delicious. I'll be back on a future visit to New Orleans.If you're ever in the mood for a really good burger. This is the place, the service is good and well worth the price.My fiancé and I had the single and the turkey respectively. The turkey burger was one of the best I've had. It wasn't dry or flavorless which often happens with many turkey burgers. It was paired with a basil mayo and fresh arugula on a fresh toasted bun. He added a fried egg to his single burger which was a perfect medium throughout.  Add a couple of beers and it was a satisfying lunch in the financial district. 
**props to Company Burger! They have SoPro on tap and in the can.So happy they opened a location in the CBD.  Service and quality is comparable to their original location.  The burgers are delicious and the sides are on point.  Best burger in the city!!In all fairness we had  chicken sliders and not a burger. Big mistake. Over cooked and greasy. Sweet potato fries were of the frozen variety.  Not that flavorful and overly fried to a crisp. BUT, it was Happy Hour and the beer selection is extensive. My IPA hit the spot.The burgers are pretty good, but there's far better elsewhere. The prices are ludicrous. I had a burger, fries and drink - $18. They don't have pickles and other annoying weirdnesses. Not worth it at all. Avoid this place.I must be an oddball because I honestly didn't find their burgers to be that impressive. The patties were bland. Not a huge fan of the b&b pickles. Fries and SP fries were the best part. All the tap beers we tried were heavy and bitter. It just wasn't for me.The onion rings at this place are just about the best I've ever eaten.  The turkey burger I had was good, but not the best ever. This place gets kudos for using little ice pellets for their fountain drinks. It seems hardly anyplace uses it anymore. The service was good as they not only brought us our food, but cleaned our mess when we were finished.Stopped in for some food before the Steelers game. It just turned Happy Hour, excellent tap beer selection and 1/2 price!  Had the happy hour chicken sliders and an order of fries!  They were amazing!  Definitely will be back. Place was packed before the game, but great service.I was so happy when this location of Company Burger opened. So much easier to get to from my LGD digs than the original Freret location. Definitely your best bet for a burger in the CBD.
I usually sit at the bar and order from there because why wouldn't you? I don't think you can go wrong ordering their single - it's just a classic simple burger. My friend swears by the turkey burger and I admit that if I was swearing off the beef, then it would be a great option. I'm also a fan of their grilled cheese (get it with bacon!). All of the sides are great - the fries are always crispy, there are tots and my personal favorite - PORK RINDS (get with pimiento cheese aka pimp rinds). The side portions are pretty hefty so you may want to share them. Beer taps are carefully curated with some regional favorites and the cocktail list is also stellar.Get the company burger! I added sweet potato waffle fries and a cookies and cream malt! It was very good! Not the BEST burger I ever had that's why I gave 4 stars. You order at the counter and they give you a number. You put that on your table and they bring your food. The guy at the register was very nice and polite. Clean bathrooms and the bar looks cool with two big T.Vs.Great burgers for a quick meal. They aren't gourmet but it's nice that they toast the buns, have red onion and b &b pickles and there are also a couple different gourmet  mayos you can pick from . The honey mustard is really good and the onion rings are so crunchy and made with red onions . I'd definitely go back . A plus they have a full bar !Hubby and I stopped in for a quick bite before a Saints game on a random Thursday (preseason). Anyway, the cashier was super helpful and knew the menu well so was able to answer questions and work around my husband's dairy allergy. I ordered the fried chicken- which had the absolute best fried crust I have ever had.  The chicken itself was dry in places, which is why you don't see 5 stars.  My hubby ordered the lamb burger (no feta) and said it was the best burger he ever had. His only request was that he wanted goat cheese as an option.  Throw in homemade onion rings that were totally amazing and it was a winner. Topped it off with some local Louisiana beers   :)A very nice Burger!   I had the company burger and onion rings - the rings were the BOMB!!!   I love the Mayo Bar that they have - that really was a nice touch that I wasn't expecting.    Burger was cooked well- the bun was very good and held together which is always a plus!    I can't wait to go back and do this again!supposed to be the second best burger in New Orleans lol I sure hope not it gross. the patties are frozen when they throw them on the flat top and then they put some kind of onion soup like shit on top of it.. reminds me of a shitty version of hello bistro.. I took 3 bites only cause I was starving...RUDE!!  RUDE!!!  RUDE!!!  What a horrible experience!!  Our company placed a large order online and when one of our employees went to pick it up was cursed out by the owner for questioning the order.  She just wanted to make sure it was correct.  There is never an excuse for using fowl language at a customer especially one that just placed a large order.  This is the worst customer service I have experienced in my 30 years in the hospitality industry!!
In addition, the food was fair at best.  This used to be one of our favorite places....NOT anymore!!!The service was ok but my burger (added a egg) and jalapeño coleslaw made up for it! It was super tasty! And I shall return!People saying this is "the best burger they've ever had" probably have never been to Los Angeles or New York, which is understandable. In-n-Out burger in California is exceptionally better, and about a 1/3 of the price of the overly expensive $9.00 Company Burger. A double-double at In-n-out is somewhere around $4.00 and a burger at New York's Shake Shack is somewhere around $6.00. The Company Burger is an overhyped burger restaurant aimed at hipsters with money to spend. There is even a small bar in the restaurant, which was incredibly arbitrary to me. Personally, I wouldn't want to sit in a Wendy's and drink craft beer with friends while the couple next to me is eating a burger and fries. Maybe I don't get out as much as I should, or expand my horizons beyond bars I'm already familiar with and comfortable with, but fast food and a bar doesn't really interest me at all whatsoever. 
More importantly, the food itself was mediocre. The double-pattied "company burger" was wet and soggy with a weird sweet taste. So many reviews have raved about the miraculous "mayo
bar" but the company burger itself already has so many disconnected flavors that the thought of slapping on any kind of mayonnaise to the already overwhelming burgers just sounds like overkill to me. The french fries were decent but nothing special. Kind of bland actually. In the end, I payed $14 for a burger and fries and felt completely underwhelmed even upon the first couple of bites. Next time I'll take that money and dine-in at an Italian or Thai restaurant, spend just as much, but will have an overall greater food experience. When it comes to burgers in New Orleans, I recommend Five Guys or Atomic Burger. Who even eats burgers anymore though?This was listed as the best hamburger place in Louisiana so I had to check it out. I am pleased to say it lived up to that standard. I ordered the lamb burger and I was not disappointed. It was nicely cooked to a perfect medium and had great flavor. I also ordered the onion rings. Fresh not frozen, lightly battered with a touch of salt. Very enjoyable.Just a note: they are not open on Memorial Day. But I went here yesterday and we ordered 2 fried chicken sandwiches and onion rings and a vanilla milkshake. It was literally AWFUL. The only reason it got two stars is because it was open late-ish and the milkshake was good. Not saying this is a good milkshake place. But the shake was fine. The chicken sandwiches were gross and the breading of the chicken was falling off (not in a good way). The onion rings were edible. We tried one of them and they were disgusting. The sauce bar was really cool and it made me seem like I was going to like them place. But for spending $32 I was sooooooooooo beyond disappointed. Yea 2 chicken sandwiches, 1 onion ring, and 1 milkshake = $32. Don't recommend.Been here multiple times now. The burger is always a solid choice. One of my favorite in the city. Today however I had their weekly special. A chicken bacon ranch sandwich and boy it was so worth it. The chicken was perfectly crispy on their great bun. They even had a tomato sauce that gave it another layer as well. So great. Also their onion rings are some of my favorite. When dining in, their mayo bar is great. Great place to have a casual lunch or dinner.Good burger, great sweet potato waffle fries and fabulous Butterfinger shake. A little shocked by the price($19+) but enjoyed it until the end. Order taker was not friendly at all. He didn't smile or act like he was happy to be there. He dropped my change in my hand like I had the plague.If you like highly salted good, this place is for you. It was terrible. And their milkshakes are over syrupy. Never thought I would say this. Party of 7 and all not happyVisiting from Los Angeles,stop by this place because of reviews. Had a Turkey burger, chocolate shake and french fries. I wish I could say it was the best, but it was not. Burger was very salty, way too salty. I left half of it, not uncommon after reading a review.  Too bad!! My friends burgers were also salty. Fries were fine, shake was good. Would not recommend.GREAT BURGERS!  Parking is a pain because it's downtown, and I wish the place was bigger. But food is great and beer selection is wonderful!I have to confess I am a huge burger fan and did my research as this was rated the best burger in New Orleans.  So that being said I had high expectations and they were all met.
Clean hip environment, simple menu and a bit pricey, but so worth it.  I'm also from Utah where if you are in the know is home to fry sauce.  The mayo bar was a hit as multiple sauce options were available.  Burger and tots were amazing, perfectly cooked and the sauces made my day.  My partner could not stop raving about how amazing everything was and said the onion rings were the best ever tasted.  Only wish I had known about this place a few days earlier.  I've dreamed about this place since returning home.  I'm sad to say that we have talked about this place on multiple occasions.  Next visit to New Orleans will be a cab straight to Company Burger from the airport.Pretty good overall, a little expensive for what it is and they could definitely use more options for toppings. Solid burger & tots but nothing spectacular. That said, this was the first time that I can recall ever liking pickles on a burger, so points for that and the mayo bar!I don't think New Orleans is known for their burgers, but this place will take care of your burger cravings. After eating Cajun / seafood all weekend, we needed a greasy burger. 
This place looks pretty new, clean, modern. My fiancé decided to share a double with cheese, bacon, and a fried egg. French fries, and onion rings. I think this will run you about $18-20?
Everything was tasty and cooked fairly well except the egg. Yolk heads will spot a well cooked egg when they see one, but this one wasn't as runny as I would hope. Still good though. Onion ring batter is super light as well.Decided to drop in on this spot right after spending 4 hours waiting in lines for autographs at wrestlemania axxess in New Orleans. (Nerd, I know) It was a clean looking spot that was packed, so it wasn't much room to maneuver. You get to the register to order, and after that they give you a number on a stick and they'll deliver it to wherever you decide to sit. I ordered a double cheeseburger and onion rings to go. As far as the food goes, the burger was juicy and cooked to perfection. Nothing extremely special, but hit the spot. However, it was very heavy on the salt. The onion rings were the star of my meal. They were seemingly fresh cut and battered right. I put them on my burger for added flavor, and it did the trick. I also sampled their Butterfinger milkshake. It was so thick that I needed a spoon, but it was so delicious. All in all it didn't blow me away, but it was a good experience. I would really rate it a 3.5, but I'll give it a 4 because it was much more positive than negative.Spent spring break with the wife and kids in downtown NOLA. Tracked these guys down because they have shared lineage with the famed "Holeman & Finch" burger of Atlanta (where I'm from). Ordered "The Company Burger" and onion rings for myself along with a side salad. Ordered the single patty version and fries for the kids.
AMAZING. While it is a very close relative to the H&F Burger, some small touches take it a notch above for me. #1 is that amazing "mayo bar". Call it mayo. Call it aioli. But make sure you call it delicious, because it is. The Basil mayo by itself was a bright, herb-y add-on that took the burger to another level. Mixing it with a bit of the Creole Honey Mustard took it to another universe altogether. I mean...WOW. 
They were also ace dipping sauces (along with the garlic mayo) for the onion rings (well-seasoned, thin battered, hot and crispy) and the fries (excellent as well). Finally, I appreciated the simple brilliance of the arugula/carrot/radish/vinaigrette salad. 
Great, great food served quickly. Loved the "upscale sports bar" environment with golden-era 90s hip-hop galore playing on that particular night. An absolute gem that I WISH and hope and pray comes "back" to Atlanta....preferably outside the perimeter in the suburbs.Been twice now since I've been in town. Both times were great, I would be a regular if I lived in this city.Visited New Orleans with my girlfriend and even with all the great seafood places in NOLA this was by far the best meal and service that we had.Great drink prices during happy hour. Awesome burgers and great fries and onion rings. We are from Wisconsin and visiting for work and we're very pleased with this restaurant!They have tater tots!!!!! The Creole honey mustard was delicious, but I really enjoyed the house pickled jalapeños and B&B pickles on their signature burger!!!!!! I love a good burger & I'm so happy that I came across this spot at the last minute! I'll be back again!!!!!The Mayonoise bar alone is reason to keep coming back! Awesome burger, great service.It's just ok. I have had better at a $3-4 fast food burger joint that literally serves millions daily. It's overpriced and under delivers. Don't get me wrong - it tasted decent. But not $9-10 for a super basic burger. They have a decent selection of options including many mayo choices. But who cares when you feel you overpaid?Unbelievable!  This was my second time today.  First time at this location!  WOW!  It was delicious!  My cheeseburger was perfectly cooked and hot.  The fries were exceptional.  Garlic mayo=love.  Clean, great service and get in and they get you out!  Can't wait to go back!Just what you expect from a burger joint. The malt of as fantastic and glad we walked over. Not going to lose any weight eating here!Ordered a grilled cheese and tater tots and was blown away by the perfect GBD execution on all food! I mean, the entire bar of different mayo combinations - garlic, basil, spicy mustard - alone sold me on this place. Definitely worth a try!Service and speed, excellent.
Food quality, pretty good.
Prices? Absolutely not.
The food was really good, just not $16 good.Reviews were good, so I checked it out. Ordered the Company burger, which is a cheeseburger with onions and pickles. Wasn't overwhelmed and the bun was pretty soggy. The sweet potato waffle fries, however, were delicious -- perfectly cooked! The Mayo Bar is pretty cool with options of chipotle, basil, garlic, etc. Vanilla milkshake was on point! Hip vibe with a big bar with numerous beers on tap as you walk in.The Company Burger was great awesomeness. The service was quick and burger was nice and juicy. French FRIES were fresh NOT FROZEN! Thank You GOD! Pay the extra and get the BACON. The condiment bar was a good ideal. I wish the size of the soda cup was bigger. The burger price was a little high. They d9 have a happy hour for drinks.Was told about this burger joint while in New Orleans. Nothing to be excited about. Disappointed in the price versus the size of the burger.Great beer selection. Great fries. Burgers were good...maybe because I'm from CA, I was expecting lettuce, tomato etc. Comes w cheese and pickles. They did ask how we wanted them cooked , which is great. 
Right by the Hyatt, so it's a great place to get out of the hotel, avoid the crowds and hotel restaurants, and see at least a little bit of the area when you're at a convention or something. We would definitely go back.Love this place. Best burgers in NOLA. Lamb burger was a juicy 1-4 lbs patty with feta cheese crumbles and a mint glaze! Delicious Onion rings topped off the meal. Lightly mattered and.cooked a golden brown.Go for happy hour. That fried chicken slider is N E X T LEVEL. No joke. And the bar tenders are wonderful. Front of house is beautiful, helpful, and make you feel welcome.I had a really good experience here. We walked in before a Pels game at 5:00pm. We ordered, ate and left by 5:30. I got the company burger with bacon and an over easy egg. Everything about it was good. The tots were some of the best I've had. Also, they have crushed ice. The chipotle mayo is solid too. It was expensive for a burger place but it was fast and high quality, not to mention being walking distance to the Dome and Arena. I'll definitely go again.Had lunch here today. The burger was really good.  I got the double with bacon and fried egg. I enjoyed the fries (which they give you a ton of- one order could feed a family of 4) and the vanilla malt milkshake. The reason I'm only giving 3 stars is the price. It was expensive but it was tasty. I'd recommend trying it but it's not somewhere I'd go every week just due to the cost.I am not a huge burger person but if I don't make it myself, I will go to Company Burger. I have been here twice and I will return again. The service is awesome and the burgers are delicious. I especially like the mayo bar . It is so SPECIAL. Take a break and have a burger here. It is worth it.I've been to the original on Freret St. and can say with certainty that this one is just as good! 
Space is a bit bigger than the original but the service and food are just as great.
This time around I had the turkey burger since it appears there's a correlation between writing reviews and my waist expanding. 
The patty was cooked and seasoned to perfection tomato jam is delicious and goes well with the light bitterness of the arugula. 
Also tried the jalapeño slaw it's really good; it can  be a burger topping all on its own. At least that's what the fat kid in me says.
Ps. From my inner fat kid:
Regular burgers are also on point and get them with everything especially the bacon. Onion rings are huge and crispy like God intended. See my photo album for that meal.Excellent burger and a solid beer selection in a laid back, clean place. My son and I came to NOLA for his 11th birthday to visit the WWII Museum (a must visit, btw). He's a burger fan and we scouted this place out on Yelp. It was our first restaurant of the trip. We were excited about it and it completely met our expectations. In fact, on my son's request it was also the last place we ate on our trip. Again, excellent. No frills, quality burgers for reasonable prices. Also, the fries and onion rings scored a solid 8 out of 10.Good food just a little pricey. Burgers are yummy and the toppings bar is fun.The bar is very well stocked and the burgers are good. It is very busy but they seem to run out of space before the service suffers. Bartender was awesome and I like the fact you can order at the bar and skip the line.Pretty good burger! Wish they had lettuce and tomatoes would have been perfect! Tater tots were so good,.
The service was good. 
I'll definitely return.Stopped in for lunch on a busy Friday and was pleasantly surprised. Despite a long line, the order process moved quickly. The chicken sandwich is not for amateurs- hanging off the bun, a perfectly seasoned chicken breast was topped with slaw, pickles and mayo. My only complaint was not asking for more pickles as that is the best topping to a sandwich. Onion rings were light and crispy. I liked the fact that they were real onions and not the heavily breaded, chopped up ones you typically see on menus. The company burger was full of flavor and required a couple napkins. The massive serving of hot and salty tots and is easily shareable by a couple of people.  There was a nice mayo station with various sauces and jalapeños. Service was friendly and efficient and I appreciated the teamwork by the staff.It was a cool afternoon in New Orleans. The wind whispered over the levees with promises of things to come. I found myself walking in to a quaint little establishment known as "The Company Burger". As I ate, I thought of my decisions that had led me here. The smell of the fryer and the sizzle of the grill provided the soundtrack for my introspection. The white lights over head illuminated my thoughts. The onion rings were not quite as crispy as I like them, but the burger was really good shit.Burgers and fries were good. A little pricey.. 37$ for 2 burgers, 2 fries, a beer, and soda..New Orleans isn't exactly known as a Burger Town.  I suppose it makes sense.  It's a town with cheap, plentiful and damn tasty po' boys just about around every corner.  Burgers are kind of an after thought there.  In fact, ask for a burger at a lot of places and you're just as likely to get it on a French roll as you are to get it on a bun.  That's what makes The Company Burger such a revelation for burger lovers.  Hamburgers are what they do.
The Company Burger occupies the same massive, city block sized brick building that houses John Besh's newest restaurant Willa Jean.  It's a long narrow place with a small bar on your right and the kitchen in the back.  Naturally, I turned to my right.  There's service at the bar.  If libations aren't on your agenda then head back towards the kitchen and order there.  The menu is blissfully small, but has some surprising additions to regular hamburgers; a lamb burger and a turkey burger.  I was damn close to ordering the lamb burger.  It was my first time at TCB, though and I thought that I should try their namesake burger.
The Company Burger is made up of two beef patties, American cheese, bread and butter pickles and thinly sliced onions.  Bacon can be added for an additional charge, as can a fried egg.  They also have a Mayo Bar where you can get additions of plain, basil, chipotle, garlic, creole honey mustard or fancy(?!) mayonnaise to slather on you hamburger bun.  They also have house-pickled jalapenos, if you're into that sort of thing.  I wasn't. I declined to adulterate my first burger here.  But I loved the Mayo Bar.  Mainly I love the fact that the word mayo isn't a pejorative term in New Orleans.  Let's be honest. Back home in Seattle call something mayonnaise and people wrinkle their noses and feign disgust. Take the same stuff and call it aioli and the swoon over it!  New Orleanians, when it comes to food, have a better grasp on what's good and what's not and don't get tangle up in a lot of trends names.  My fellow Northwesterners should take a page out of their book.
But I digress.  The burger was terrific.I want Company Burger to be in every single neighborhood in the city. The Company Burger is the best burger in the city, in my opinion, and is consistently a great eating experience! 
I was initially concerned that this new location would always be way too crowded during the lunch hour and never realistic to actually eat at. But luckily I was way wrong! The service is fast and the staff is friendly. The bartending staff is fun and the happy hour specials (fried pickles and old-fashions) are unique. 
Open everyday, this location is a welcome addition and definitely worth visiting in a up-and-coming part of town!Their burgers are pretty juicy and delicious. It's not too big and not too small. I love their onion rings and fries that I have to have both everytime. I also like that they have so many types of sauces to choose from!just as good as the first location.   Lamb burger is my favorite.  treat yourself. you earned it.My and wife and I have a difference of opinion when rating a burger joint. She starts from the bottom up and I start top down. Basically The Company did everything right to me. The food was good. Ambiance was great! The place was clean and modern like. Customer service was knowledgable and seemed excited to be there. Even though the experience there wasn't mind blowing, when is it really when having a burger? They did everything they should've. So they'll get 5 stars all day long from me!Burgers and fries are fantastic. Not fancy, just great food.There's a reason this was voted one of the best burgers in the South, if not America. I was fortunate enough to be the first customer of the day when I ate there. While they have specials, the standard burger is near perfection. They don't "dress it up" with a ton of stuff to hide a lack of meat. The burger patties cover the entire bun.
I got a bacon double cheeseburger. Hands down the best burger I've ever had. The fresh cut fries were great, but a little thick for my liking. 
If I had a negative, it'd be the drinks and prices. Can be a little pricy. But the soft drinks come in small plastic cups. There are unlimited refills, but it'd be nice to not have to get up as often.Initially I was a little disappointed when I looked at their menu and didn't see any meat-free patties. The cashier suggested that I give their market salad try since I wasn't interested in any of their other options. I did and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Not sure if the other locations prepare theirs the same but this one was an arugula based salad with beets, walnuts, apple slices and carrot sticks. I think the dressing was a honey Dijon vinaigrette. I added some of their house made bread and butter pickles to it also.We love this place. Can't go wrong with the burger or chicken sandwich. Love the cookies and cream milkshake. The pork rinds are awesome with both the ranch and spicy seasoning! We order Togo weekly for a quick meal on busy nights.This spot was great downtown burger spot! I got the Company Burger with bacon and it was exactly what I needed to cure my hangover! 
The mayo bar was really cool (try the basil mayo).
I also had the pork rinds with spicy seasoning and let me tell you if I could buy some of that seasoning I definitely would! The skins were cooked fresh in fact they were literally crackling as the server brought them out to me. Go between 3-6 to get the skins half off.Overpriced ($11.00 pus they ask you for a tip,lol), ok burger (anyone who says otherwise needs a tastebud transplant) and sometimes not fully cooked.  But, the worst part is that they have a single line for two registers.  That's right.  You walk in and you have to get into one line even though there are two registers.  I happened to go to the second register and wait for my turn.  When it came, the drone behind it refused to take my order because there was a guy before me waiting at the first register. Nice.  I left and never coming back,  Neither should you.  Even Five guys are better burgers and cheaper. Customer service is better, too!Nice place with good food.  The kids raved about the tator tots for days - even the teenager.  It was nice to find a spot near our hotel and away from the insanity for a few minutes.  If we lived in New Orleans we would definitely be back.Joe the manager is an idiot. They make "fresh" burgers but serve soda fountain iced tea. Loved the one on Ferret but will never return here. 
When i spoke to Joe and expained my problem, including a comment about never returning here he said "ok" and that was it. As a food service employee, I refrain from posting online reviews but this was a terrible customer service response.Great burgers if you dine in but terrible bar service. One bartender on a Monday night football. Had a seat at the bar and bartender continued to ignore me. Get a new bartender.My family and I were visiting NOLA and they were (sadly) tired of having Cajun/Creole food for every meal. I found this delicious burger place via Yelp and we made our way over.
You order at the register, take your number, and go sit down. You won't find burgers with lettuce and tomato here! In fact, the back of the employee shirt says "BYOLT" - bring your own lettuce + tomato. 
I ordered the Company Burger sans pickles and cheese, so it came with just two patties and grilled red onions. They have a variety of mayo options for you, including basil, "fancy" (ketchup + mayo), honey mustard, garlic, and more. The patties themselves were delicious, very juicy and flavorful. I also got sweet potato fries, which were crispy and tasted very fresh. Everyone in my family enjoyed their food, this is definitely a place you should visit!Fantastic place for a burger.   I'm not s burger person but this was the best I have had.   Ordered a single with cheese and onion rings.   Heaven!   They have a mayo bar with all hand made mayos about 6 versions from chipotle to basil.   Highly recommend !the burger is soooo good!! fries and sauces too. also i liked how they brought it out to you and they were very nice. and as well i really loved the fact that its very close to the hostel i was staying at in the french quarter.I ordered "the single" with fries, absolutely delicious! Loved the side bar where you could get extra toppings and such. The service was great and the place has a laid back atmosphere. The milkshakes are yum too!