We visited The Blue Crab for Thursday happy hour at 4:30pm. The restaurant was surprisingly not busy on such a beautiful day. We sat outside on the deck and the view/atmosphere was great! The poor server was working the whole deck by herself, so service was a bit off. She was really nice though and when we finally got our drinks, we had an enjoyable evening. We ordered the chargrilled oysters and calamari - both were good, but definitely not the best in the city. We will be back for happy hour!!This place seems like it would be a great place to eat. Location is amazing but food is subpar. Everything on the menu seemed way over priced for what you actually receive. The gumbo was good. My fish was way over cooked and my veggies seemed like they came from a frozen microwave bag. Biscuit would be great if they actually heated them up and not just served room temp. Mac and cheese was the best thing of me and my wife's meal. Might go back just to get drinks downstairs.Happy hour seafood and drinks are so good! $0.60 raw oysters/$1 chargrilled oysters and $3 beer. The vine of this place is also amazing. Could be better if there are softer seats instead of hard wood benches. But I'm prob asking too muchI have been going at least weekly since they opened and have enjoyed every single experience.  The food is always great.  The servers are always well trained, courteous and attentive.  My favorite dish is the shrimp appetizer (called "Buffalo Bites) - yummy!!  It's 5-6 large, fresh, lightly-breaded shrimp with a buffalo sauce on the side.  All of the fish entrees have been fantastic.This place was awesome and it was 12 of us. I was full but I couldn't stop eating. We tried just about everything. The drinks were great, strong but great and the prices were good too. This will replace some of our regular eateries. The bbq shrimp are super great and that sauce perfect. The stuff crab was the hest I ever had. The fried shrimp were very good as well. 2 thumbs up!!!!!Came here for my Birthday with my two daughters & friends the service was great & waiter was precious!! We had a great time!!Went there last night and was very disappointed. Took family there for my daughters birthday. Everyone's food took forever to get when it finally came out it was horrible. The oysters were the size of clams no taste what so ever. The shrimp combo was $22.00 and not worth it by any means. The pasta dishes had mushy shrimp. It was really disappointing. A big change from a year ago. A huge bill and still hungry. We did have a good laugh at the hush puppies they were so small we had to look for them.Soooo good! Great location on the water, excellent service. Awesome fresh seafood, better than expected. Reasonable and plenty-sized plates!Very disappointed. Went with my family, total 12 people so we had a range of food. Apps: blue crab dip, fair. Chargrilled oysters: small, overcooked, with toasted French bread that was so hard you could not soak up sauce. Raw oysters, ok but on small size. Entrees: all fried food was fair, needed better seasoning. Boiled crawfish was some of the worst I have ever eaten. It was old and too much pepper. No other seasoning was discernible because the red pepper overpowered the crawfish.  BBQ shrimp and grits. Pretty presentation, undercooked shrimp, greasy under seasoned sauce, no rosemary or not enough. 
The waitress at first was attentive, but that was short lived. She got the drinks correct and then was downhill from there. Clarified twice that my son wanted a kids hamburger, she brought adult, daughter ordered fried catfish, she brought oysters. Everyone was finished eating by time her food arrived. She brought her a free desert which may have been best item: brownie topped with ice cream. We won't be back. So sad because I really wanted to like it but they failed on too many issues: food and service.The happy hour in this place can't get any better. 25cents raw oysters, and beautiful sunsets. The downstairs bar is an Awesome location for drinks with friends/family.Excellent fried shrimp with batter that is fresh and tasty. 
Nice atmosphere on the lakefront, with friendly staff.
The Blue Crab Collins is my fave drink. The mac and cheese is very good as a side!
The only item I didn't care for is the Blue Crab cakes. Too much Dijon mustard, or what tasted like Dijon mustard. 
Have dined here multiple times, and always had a great meal. Very fresh seafood!Service was great. She was very attentive. I had the shrimp scampi. Very good. Not overpowering in garlic and shrimpy taste. Also had the sautéed crab claws. The biscuit could have been better. I felt it was over cooked because it was hard and not buttery soft. The crab dip was awesome! FYI. Dogs are allowed on the outside patio.I'm going with four stars because while the food was fine, the location and ambiance was definitely 5. 
I had a salad with redfish...yes I know...what is my problem with getting salads in places that I shouldn't, but it was good with a yummy remoulade dressing and my piece of fish was delicious. I also tried the corn and crab soup...which was odd, really peppery but sort of thin. It was OK just not what I was expecting; maybe I should have known since the menu says soup rather than bisque.  Finally I had the onion rings which were perfect.
The restaurant is loud when full and the service was still working out a few bobbles when I was there. The most confusing part is the dual entrances. If you need to take the elevator to this highly elevated space, you end up at the back of the restaurant BUT this is where the hostess stand is. If you enter through the steps (closer to the lake) then you enter into the bar area and that's where the wait staff beverage station is. A bit confusing.
Really, I can't wait to go back at sunset and enjoy a cocktail and fried everything on the porch.I love the atmosphere at Blue Crab - laid back but still nice enough for a dinner date. Seafood is always fresh since they receive it locally. 
During the warmer months sitting outside is my favorite. You get a view of the water and yachts that are docked nearby, it almost feels as if you're in Florida. 
The wait staff is friendly and attentive making sure your experience is lovely. 
(I forgot to take pics of our food! I'll make sure to snap some next time)If you are looking for good food and great outside views here is the place. Sit outside if you can because you are right on the lake. The staff is friendly and the food comes out quick. A great place to watch the saints game on Sunday's.Don't get me wrong, this place has spectacular views, but the food isn't even worth a star. If you're looking for something along the lines of a Joe's Crab Shack then you're set, however if you're looking for good seafood and good service -- than this isn't the place.They brought out s gluten free menu and then once we talked to he manager we found out they throw flour on the "gluten free fried platter" DON'T EAT IT!  they fry it with  regular fried items and coat it with flour. If you don't need GF it's an amazing restaurant with polite staff. Beautiful sunsets on the bay.Literally one of my favorite resturants! 
Went here with a group of friends for a birthday and we were FAR from disappointed! The food was amazing, the atmosphere was great and the customer service was impeccable.
Also, the location is great! It's right on the water with available outdoor seating. The view is breathtaking!
I recommend the Ponchatrain Pasta -- delicious! 
I have nothing bad to sayWent last night for the first time. Had the blue crab dip and combo seafood platter. Both were amazing. Parking was okay, there was a little speck of construction that took up valuable space because the place was packed. We had to rush our waitress so that she would take our appetizer and main dish order, but overall service was good. Staff was friendly!The food...spectacular. The service...absolutely horrible. This place has the potential to be at least a 4 star restaurant. Almost every staff member we encountered was rude and unfriendly. Don't expect to have your checks split either.  Also, if you have a large party, 18% gratuity is included...probably the reason for terrible service. We sat for at least 30 minutes without drinks after our first round, and had to ask another waiter to help us. A manager should probably make his/her presence known and walk the restaurant and converse with tables....especially those that have gratuity included.Nice spot to have a meal on the water. Shrimp and grits is really good. Onion rings are thin and crispy. Very family friendly.The blue crab burger! Crab cake and burger in one. You can't go wrong. Pasta was good too. Pretty rich cream sauce.Great delicious Nola seafood! Love the location / great views of lake pontchatrain!! FRESH SEAFOOD!! Great crab cakes!! Live music on downstairs patio!!!Had dinner there tonight. We went there when they first opened and it was not good. The hostess was friendly our waitress was also nice and attentive. We ordered the crab cakes that were yummy a cup of bisque that we loved the last time and it was even better this time. Our main course came out too fast but was awesome I had the bbq shrimp and grits and loved it. We also had fried shrimp which were nice sized and yummy... advice for the lady on the last post...oysters are not big in the summer. Winter months are far better for oysters. We will definitely be back but next time order our food in courses so we can enjoy it without getting the best course so fast!I think The was the first restaurant I went to on my trip to New Orleans. It was a great first experience. The crab cakes and barbecue shrimp were so perfect. Since then I've tried the gumbo and the red beans and rice. The red beans could use a bit more flavor but the gumbo was delicious. Beautiful view and very nice interior. Overall a great place.Nice place away from the city to eat and chill by the lake (with a view!). Oysters were fresh, the crab legs appetizer was great finger food, and the grilled catfish was pretty solid too. Ultimately topping it off for me was the super friendly staff...
Special shout-out to our hostess, ANNA, who made our night. YOU'RE AWESOME!! :)Had two waitresses on this visit (one downstairs and one upstairs) and they were both C you next Tuesdays. Very condescending/rudely passive aggressive. Typical seafood waitresses I suppose. Lame.The view outside is awesome. Staff is alright...we had to flag them down for service several times. Downstairs is nice for more casual dining and they have a bar down there. (Main dining room is upstairs, but there is an elevator as well as stairs.)Stopped by Blue Crab this past weekend while in town on an anniversary trip and it was ok. I feel like we could have gotten better food and service somewhere else and left a little disappointed.
Our waitress was terrible and ignored half of the things that we asked her for. She would walk away from us when we were mid sentence to go to another table.
We ordered the crab dip as an appetizer and it was really good. The only good thing I ate actually. I ordered the crab cake sandwich and it would have been better if I didn't feel like I was getting a mouthful of horseradish every time I took a bite. Also, I ordered fries with my sandwich and I get red beans and rice which I hate. Our waitress was so bad I didn't even bother correcting the mistake. 
Bottom line is you're in NOLA, there are many more highly rated restaurants than this one so do not waste your time or money. Or go next door to Landry's, I haven't been there but I would bet my life it's better.Some of the best fresh oysters around.  Don't fall for the imitation places that reuse shells and serve oysters from a bucket.  Oysters are shucked right in front of you.The service was good. The atmosphere was amazing. The food was not worth the price. Our food came out wrong and lacked flavor. Its a spot where your paying for the ambiance and the view.I absolutely love the ambiance! The seafood is top notch and the service is great! The wait is the only Dow side but well worth it. My favorite dish in particular is the crab cake sandwich. 
My family loves to order boiled crawfish. 
Additionally they have outdoor live bands on many afternoons and evenings.Not what I expected. I had the combo platter with fried fish & shrimp. It was just ok. Manchu's fried fish is better. I didn't even eat the fries. After tasting one I could tell that they were fried in old grease. Also, the french bread that comes on the platter was so small. It literally was a tiny piece of bread. I thought it was a mistake or something. I didn't bother bringing my dissatisfaction to anyone's attention. Didn't even feel it was worth it. But I definitely will not return.Enjoyed dinner last Saturday, the 19th and it was wonderful! I'm from New Orleans, but live in Charlotte and my parents live in Nola still.
Started with a dozen raw oysters which were huge and tasty, sautéed crab claws, and a cup of oyster soup. I had the red fish almandine, dad had choice of two platter, and mom had BBQ shrimp and grits. All were amazing! The claws with the cheddar biscuit - oh my goodness... Amazing!!!
Will definitely eat here again next time I'm in town.Dined in tonight (Friday) myself and a business colleague. Our table was out on the upper patio overlooking the marina. There was a live band playing downstairs but it wasn't too loud or intrusive from where we were upstairs. We ordered onion rings and the crab cake aps. They were good, I would have liked the crab cakes a little crispier. (but still very good) I had the fried shrimp dinner (suggested by the waiter), and my friend had the half & half oyster and shrimp dinner. The shrimp were colossal. like maybe eight count and fried perfectly. The food arrived in a timely manner, but no rush. Our waiter (DJ Main) was conscientious, available, but also allowed some private time for us to dine and visit. My partner had the cre'me brulee' desert and I had coffee as the sun set into the Lake Pontchartrain backdrop. It was a good visit, and I thank our waiter for spot on service. I did not have any part in picking the dining venue tonight so the dinner experience was good surprise.
SeeSharpHad dinner here last night. Tried a few things. Here's my take on each...
Got two free soups as the appetizer took about 30 minutes.
Apps
Gumbo - rich and decent flavor but no seafood or  meats (chicken or sausage). As I didn't actually order it, I don't know if there are variations. 
Corn and crab bisque - bland bland bland
BBQ shrimp - great! Flavorful, seasoned and not overly oily like most.  Worth the wait. 
Dinner
Seafood platter - meh - 
catfish -over cooked
Oysters -pretty good... We all know why. 
Shrimp -over cooked
Soft shell crab -great
Crab 'ball' -Whatever the hell it was, there was just stuffing. 
Fries -underneath the fray -were greasy and sorta tasty... Color me  non pretentious.
Dessert
Bananas Foster bread pudding- light, rich... Good but missing something. 
Coffee cake- this was pretty bad. Dense and bland. 
Atmosphere
Bright and loud.  :/
Service
Nice waitress. Didn't know how to handle the long wait on the appetizer. A bit nervous but again, nice. 
Zero wait. Got there around 8:30 and sat down immediately. 
This review might make it sound sort of bad, but it wasn't. Overall it was decent. I'm glad there's another restaurant at the lakefront. The food was pretty good though nothing to write home about.
I'll probably go back to try the crab dip. 
Oddly, there was not a lot of crab on the menu.Disappointing. The shrimp and grits were decent. We would have been better off ordering chicken strips over the cat fish. Our little girl had a hamburger, but it was burnt. The server was decent and the place was clean.The food was excellent and the location was fantastic. We ate on the upper deck overlooking the lake. Service was pretty good. Drinks arrived quickly, though we were never offered water in addition to our alcoholic beverages. Drinks were average, but good price. Oysters were fresh. Cobb salad with shrimp was delicious, but they forgot tomatoes on it. Wedge salad was tasty....but had grilled shrimp added....which cost $8.95. In addition to the $8.95 for the salad. Seems a little steep. 
The several obnoxious, drunk, trash mouths behind us were not a welcome addition to our dinner....but was not the fault of the restaurant. 
Overall, we would return.Beautiful scenery from patio of boat marina.  Food was so so...My entree was Blackened linguine with creamy white sauce.Horrendous service!  Bland chicken gumbo, garbage garbage garbage.  Wouldn't recommend to my worst enemy.  Stay away.Dinner last night, 45 min wait for a table!  Ate at the bar, great service.  Crab dip was unique and tasty.  Salad was above average with crisp greens and house dressing. Stuffed flounder huge with very good traditional seafood stuffing.  Fun, upbeat crowd.This is where we started our stay in NOLA. Views are good. Service was pretty good. The gumbo was broken down/watery and the shrimp were mushy. The BBQ shrimp were pretty good. But the crawfish were so overcooked that every tail broke off in the shell before I could get them out. Fried food looked good, but don't eat much fried. So for my experience, it was average.Ok scenario:
Table for 8, with a reservation, at 6:30 on a Friday during Lent.  Sat inside because they let a 20 top sit on the second floor patio (who does that) and had an "OK" experience.  
Food - 4 to 5 stars
Drinks - 5 stars when compared to Landrys
Service - 2 to 3 stars
Our servers name was Greg and he tried, but tonight wasn't his best day.  They don't do automatic gratuity so his lack of conscientiousness was surprising given how much our tickets were.  To be honest, I would have given four stars if he had been more attentive.  Don't worry we still tipped 18%.
Drinks - fine and dandy, the one with Titos is great
BBQ shrimp app - 5 stars for the sauce alone
Fried Calamari - 3 stars, had better
Raw oysters - meh 
Whole Flounder - $31, not de-boned but one of the best fish plates we've ever had
Mahi - fabulous
Mac & cheese - 5+ stars, one of the best in the city 
Caesar salad - what is there to say?
Blackened shrimp - really good
Compared to Landry's I'd pick this place because they are less pretentious and the food is just as good, if not better.  But I would only come to either again if I was guaranteed a seat outside because the prices aren't worth it unless you have a fantastic view to go with your food.Easily one of the best crab cakes I've ever eaten in my life. Love this place for several reasons:
1. The atmosphere - right on the lakefront with boats passing by as you enjoy your meal. I enjoy spending nice days out on the top porch with a drink or underneath the restaurant watching the boats pass. Sometimes has live music!
2. Good food - food here is much better than the adjacent restaurants. Like I said, the crab cakes are delicious.
3. Great drinks - don't always have to go down to the quarter for "Purple Drink". Blue Crab has them as well as Bushwackers. Talk about good!3 stars for the service which is friendly an on point. -2 stars because the food is just ok....nothing more or less.
I just read an article on NOLA.com that stated that the owners have NO restaurant experience, IMHO, that means make sure you have someone who is stellar in the front of the house and someone that is awesome in the kitchen....and PAY THEM WELL!! These two main people can make or break a new restaurant especially one that is owned by first timers.
Good Luck and I will be back again to see if things have improved.
P.S. please, for cryin out loud, de-vein the shrimp!The best BBQ shrimp and grits that's ever touched my tongue. The raw oysters were great also.Went on a Sunday night, 6:30. Decor is nice but nothing special. Dining room is very noisy (we actually had to shout to have a conversation.)
They were out of raw oysters and speckled trout, so we had to choose something else when ordering (it would've been nice for the server to tell us that at greeting.)
We had the crab and spinach dip which tasted ok, but also nothing special. It was accompanied by a plate full of tiny broken tortilla chips.
The Buffalo Bite shrimp were ok: fried shrimp in a sauce that looked poured from a bottle. More attention to a house made sauce and removing the tails would be an improvement.
They brought onion rings instead of the fried calamari that was ordered. When the calamari arrived, they were soggy & relatively tasteless.
The entrees fared better.
A fried shrimp plate and a seafood platter. Both overflowing and tasty, though they brought fries instead of the potatoe salad that was ordered.
The grilled redfish and vegetables were excellent.
The French bread that accompanied the fried platters were hard as a rock.
Overall, nothing special. This would be a good seafood restaurant in Indiana, but there are too many GOOD places to eat in New Orleans.Three Stars applied because I like dining on the waterfront with the honey and the boiled shrimp was very good. Service was beyond poor and uber sloppy. This girl needed to wash herself and her uniform.I've been here a few times... their pasta is mediocre. Recently, I went wanting a small amount of crawfish, I didn't want to make a big event out of it. Wanted to sit outside on the balcony, but so did everyone else and there was a long wait. Totally understandable; there's a great view and good weather. Was trying to just get in eat and get out, so asked if we could just sit at one of the small tables across from the bar. The hostess said sure. No mention of the fact that you can barely fit one plate on the table and that they were really just for if the bar was full. So, we sat. There was only one lady behind the bar, and she was definitely having a tough time. After 15-20 minutes, she came over and asked if we were eating and needed menus. We said yes, and ordered two sides and 4lbs of crawfish. The crawfish and our drinks barely fit on the table at the same time, and by the time our sides came we were playing a frustrating game of Tetris. Did we get asked if we wanted to move to the dining room because we hadn't realized the tables were too small? No. Were we old enough to sit at the bar? No. The crawfish were full of the wrong spice, which was very unpleasant. I couldn't place exactly what it was, but i've been to many a crawfish boil in my time, and there was definitely a weird flavor in these. Part of the reason we got crawfish was for the corn and potatoes (we asked the waiter/bartender if there was corn and potatoes with the crawfish, to which she responded that yes, they were included in the price and all). We got two pieces of mystery-spice drenched shriveled corn. Pretty much inedible. Better yet, we had to flag down the ONE LADY WORKING AT THE BAR to get drink refills to wash the bad spice out of our mouths. It was at this time we realized our lack of silverware, so we flagged down a woman that had been cleaning a table to ask for some silverware. She was extremely bitchy, and took her sweet time bringing us the silverware. Don't know if i'll go back.I dined here on 12/23/16 for my birthday dinner. I made a reservation for a party of 15 earlier in the week and it was a great place to host a large party with kids. They request for the majority of your party to be there no later than 15 minutes for your reservation time or you will lost it. Our service was generally good and the food was good. We really enjoyed the appetizers which we ordered the: charbroiled oysters, BBQ shrimp, crab dip, and crab claws. Our party different entrees from the menu, but the favorites were the fish. The stuffed flounder and blackened fish were the highlight. The fried seafood and sides were pretty standard. We ordered a couple of desserts and it was underwhelming, but overall everything was a great experience!Beautiful presentation but the food was cold and not worth the hassle of beheading shrimp heads and tails. This is my first time here for breakfast and I'm disappointed based on my experience with happy hour and dinner.  The ambience is amazing and the view of the waterway is relaxingLovely lakeside dining. The chargrilled oysters were absolutely fantastic. I also had the wedge salad which was full of savory and sweet flavors. Service was speedy and friendly. I'd highly recommend checking this place out.This place is pretty bad. We ordered the grilled gulf fish almandine with grilled vegetables. The cut of fish itself appeared to be descent, however the fish was prepared terribly. It seemed to be baked, not grilled, and swimming in a very heavy butter sauce. The sauce was so heavy it made the soggy fish even soggier and seemed to be a poor attempt to mask the fact that the fish was old.
The grilled vegetables seemed as if they were steamed in a bag inside a microwave. I'm not sure if this place even has a grill or if they just say that food is "grilled" or "blackened" on the menu to make the food sound healthy or local.
If you want to taste your seafood, I don't recommend this place. If you want to pay premium prices to listen to babies cry and kids rollerblade, while attempting to enjoy a plate of fried seafood which only tastes good if you dip it in either ketchup or cocktail sauce with a ton of salt then this is the place for you.
I don't even want to go into our raw oyster order... But as you can imagine I definitely will. We ordered a dozen raw oysters... but what we got was about 9 normal sized oysters and 3 thumbnail sized oysters. If I'm paying $0.60 per oyster I would just like to get an average sized oyster for my money.
We also tried the boiled shrimp. Honestly the shrimp were a good size and tasted good; however, at over $15.00 per pound, I would think this would be a meal, but this was a glorified appetizer... I would need at lead 2 sides in addition to the boiled seafood to constitute a meal... but those are $5 each, and that is absurd to pay almost $30 for such mediocre food.   Needless to say I am very unhappy with the meal and I'm going to go home and eat a burger to fill up after spending over $100.00 at this place.
The ONLY thing that earned this place even one star is the $3 glass of house wine during happy hour.  We will never eat here again.While traveling in the area, we were looking for a place to dine. We came upon The Blue Crab. As we are from Seattle, we expect our seafood to be fresh. No disappointment here... blue crab, oysters on the half shell, and shrimp. All excellent!! Also, the cocktails were generous. This is a great place for family dining, and the prices are reasonable. Our dining experience was capped by conversations with both the owner and chef. In fact, the chef explained that they have no freezers in the restaurant - all the food is fresh daily!! It was obvious that she enjoys and is proud of her work. We could not have had a better experience. Upon our return, there is no doubt we will return to The Blue Crab and Oyster Bar!Went to have dinner last night and all I can say is the food was excellent! Not too busy and every morsel was delicious! We ordered the crab claws that were excellent, but the buffalo shrimp were marvelous. Chargrilled oysters were also great. Sad to say I did not leave room for dessert. Clean atmosphere, casual and simple. Well done blue crab!!! Well done!!!Best outside seating in the city especially in the spring and fall. Love it. Food has always been above average.I came here with a friend for brunch on a Sunday morning at 11am.  I ordered 2 egg whites with bacon hash browns and toast.  It came out fresh and hot.  The egg whites were cooked perfectly.  I was very impressed.  The view is amazing.  My friend got the shrimp po boy and had a taste and wasn't a huge fan, but will definitely be back for breakfast again.Great crab dip..the seafood platter was on point. Very friendly staff!! Right off the water.The stars have aligned! Chargrilled oysters, shrimp & crab boil, gumbo and a gorgeous lakeside sunset...one of the most peaceful evenings and satisfying meals I've had in awhile. Don't settle for one item...try a smorgasbord! Thanks!Empty tables inside yet forced us to sit outside in the heat. 
Can't believe all the tables were reserved especially when someone outside complained and you brought them in. 
Things went south quick when we found a hair waving to us in the marinara sauce. Grits were hard and bland, biscuits were raw on the inside, at first I thought it was crab meat but no it was raw dough. 
Shrimp were good but pasta dish and red beans were  bad. So there were 2 dishes that weren't touched. 
Service was slow. 
With what we paid for a party of 5, I wish we would have gone next door to Landry's.Crab dip was awesome. Don't get the Caesar salad. Gumbo was the worst I've had but good customer service and view.We are usual customers here and it is always great, however today was horrible. The waitress was super slow and showed no interest in doing a good job, but we let it slide at first. Then when we finally got our food and drinks, there was a black curly hair in my salad. The waitress finally came around to check on us after everyone was finished eating and I told her about my dish, so she brought it to the manager- and he didn't even have the courtesy to come to our table. Then my friend and I went to the restroom and on the way back a waiter cut right in front of her to get outside. No "excuse me" or letting ladies go first. It wasn't that busy that he couldn't have waited an extra half second to let her pass in front of him. As we left, no "have a good day, goodbye, or thank you" from the hostess. Is there new management here or something? Worst experience ever. I won't be back for a long time, if at all.We brought friends from out of town and the only thing lacking from the traditional lakefront seafood restaurant experience of my childhood was there were no crackers and butter on the table and the beer wasn't served in big icy mugs. But it seems those traditions started going the wayside in places pre K anyway. We went on a blustery Tuesday night and did not have to wait for a table. Even with the threat of rain, there were still a lot of people coming in to try the new place. And we still had a nice view of the marina, even if it was gray. Service was very friendly and attentive. The owner came around at one point, checking on tables and welcoming everyone. Our food came out promptly and our little girl's fried catfish plate was expedited, as any kid's meal should be, so the grown ups can talk without being interrupted by "I'm hungry." We were told right away there were no raw oysters. We would rather not have them than be served sub par puny ones so no problem there. However, the fried oysters in the seafood platter were nice enough. First we started with the crab and spinach dip. There was a decent amount of sweet crab in a light creamy sauce, kinda like how I would make it, not gluey, and just a little spinach. Nicely browned on the edges of the ramekin, I liked it a lot. I didn't care for the stale-ish blue corn chips. Crackers, hello! The platter was big enough for four of us but we were not stuffed (room for spumoni at Brocatos later!) We probably could have eaten more but it was actually great to not overdo it. Otherwise, if you are inclined to overdo it, order some boiled shrimp too for 4 people. Speaking of shrimp, the fried ones were huge. The soft shell crab was medium sized but tasty. We will definitely be going back and maybe it will become the new family place to go on the lakefront. Oh, and prices were not bad given amount and quality of food and the view.I'd usually refrain from reviewing a place I've only been to once, but my experience seemed to track the majority of other reviewers (2-3 star range) so I'm not counting on things to be too much different in future visits.
They had boiled crabs so we got one each as appetizers, to go along with the onion rings (which were the best dish of the night). The crabs were hot and well-seasoned but one of the three was overcooked and mealy, however the server replaced it promptly when we let him know about it.
The gumbo had an undercooked/floury taste (but with a dark roux--how does that happen?) along with a strong but bitter crab stock taste. Crab cakes were underwhelming with relatively little discernible crab. Both the gumbo and the cakes weren't great. Fried items, softshell crab, shrimp and catfish were done well but not any better or different from any other competent seafood house. French fries were fresh cut and good. While it's close in location and atmosphere, I was hoping for the second coming of Bruning's but, alas, it's not there yet.
The pluses were service, a five-star view from the deck, and a well-stocked bar; both overlook the water. I'd visit again to do sunset drinks there but there are other places--Deanie's is one--I'd prefer for the seafood in the same price range.Very tasty!  We had crab cakes & sautéed  crab claws for apps.  Dinner was gumbo, crab & corn chowder and incredible shrimp & grits.  Come and enjoy!Really nice location. The view is great as well. Upon arrival, the hostess greeted us with a smile and we were seated fast. I can't remember our waitress' name but she did a good job as well. The staff seem very organized.
For appetizer, we ordered the BBQ shrimp and a dozen raw oysters. The raw oysters were fresh and amazing. I couldn't say the same for the BBQ shrimp. There was a weird slimy texture to them and it tasted a little undercooked. Flavor-wise, it wasn't cutting it for me either. It wasn't entirely bad, but neither of us think it's something to crave for and order again. 
For entrees, we both ordered 4 boiled crabs and sausage. Terrible execution on the sausage. I never knew you could mess up sausage. The way they cut and cook the sausage was just a bad idea. Biting into it felt like eating ground meat. It was just a hot mess. The crabs, however, were the bomb-dot-com. They were nice and plump and full of flesh. The seasoning was very light but crab meat will always be good regardless. 
I had high expectations for this place. Overall, it was a decent visit. The final price came down to $105, including tip. Not what I expected because I am so used to driving out of the city to an all-you-can-eat blue crab and shrimp with sausage for a fraction of that price. Would I come back again? Probably not because no seafood-loving man should have to settle for 4 crabs. I usually devour around 9 to 12 crabs before I have to unbutton my pants for room. Would I recommend this place to friends? Sure why not.Great food and atmosphere! The service was great! I tried the grilled shrimp, steak, fried crab claws, and French fries.  It was all yummy!First of all I have to compare Blue Crab to Brisbi's and I have to say I would choose Brisbi's first. 
The service has always been pretty good at Blue Crab. I have been disappointed several times with the shrimp and grits and so were several other people at my table. The BBQ shrimp are delicious and if you order the appetizer then it is great, BUT if you order the entree shrimp and grits you will be disappointed. The grits are probably the worst I have ever had. Very very dry and hard. To me if I order shrimp and grits both things have to be cooked correctly to be a good entree. Especially being in New Orleans. I have even ordered the stone ground grits as a side on another entree and they are just terrible. 
Brisbi's also has a one up to blue crab because they offer a BBQ shrimp poboy which is great!!!!
Blue Crab has other great things, but I would stay away from ordering the grits as a side or ordering the shrimp and grits.Great food and great service. We went around 6:30 so we were able to catch the sunset which was amazing right by the water. The service was prompt and we did not have to wait that long. I will definitely be returning.Food always fresh. Great views as well. I had the fried stuffed fish ahhh amazing and there crab cakes are to die for.Char grilled oyster is really good. The blue crab dip is excellent. They don't split check if you have party of 6 or more, so make sure everyone brings cash or agree to split the check evenly. We had 13 people and to figure out who owes how much was a nightmare. Some even has to go to the ATM because they only take up to 6 cards.Enjoyed our early appetizers and drinks at Blue Crab.  Was an on and off again rainy afternoon but we had a window over the marina with a view of the yachts.  Enjoyed our chicken and sausage gumbo appetizer.  Not spicy enough but was okay with Tabasco added liberally.  The BBQ shrimp had been beheaded at our request but were definitely too sweet and not spicy enough.  Beautiful shrimp that were tender just not well seasoned.
The highlight of our visit was our waitress who handled our order very professionally. We will ask for Dee next time!!I got the blue seafood platter - fish was cold and very basic fry no real flavor to speak of. for $30 it was the worst seafood platter I have ever had. gumbo was also bland and not anything great. will not go back.Took a break from fishing Lake Pontchartrain for lunch and that was a great decision. Had the BBQ shrimp and grits.  Huge flavorful juicy shrimp and creamy cheesy grits. Add in great service and this can't be beat. Too bad I'm only passing through. Definitely want to come here again sometime.The sautéed crab claws were a must order! A great portion and delicious with every bite.Excellent food and service. Great onion rings. Very good seafood gumbo, and chicken and andouille gumbo. Very good grilled pompanoThe view was good on the deck but the food was just okay. Service was just okay - nothing special.Went last Friday evening. Ordered boiled crabs, raw oysters, both of which were good. The blue crab dip appetizer was perfectly delicious but took awhile to get. I  thought maybe our waiter forgot about it. Went to order a cocktail and was pushed to the upsell of the specialty cocktail which was less than mediocre for regular price much less $9 especially after waiting almost 20 minutes for it. Switched to beer after that. View was great, music was great. May go back in cooler months to sit outside.Hard to believe it's so new and as good as it already is. Had the crab and spinach dip appetizer and it was incredible. Did grilled shrimp entree and it was terrific as well. Gotta go back and get the BBQ shrimp. Other people who got it said it was as good as any they'd ever had. Highly recommend. Really cool view too.Great place to watch sunset, which we missed by about 20"!  We shared the sautéed crab claws which came with cheese biscuit, yum!! I had HUGE BBQ shrimp -heads on -appetizer for dinner and hubby had blackened red snapper with menieurre sauce which he said was great. Nice place, wish we were a few minutes sooner! Will try to time it better next time.