Friendly, personable service. Kept a quick flow despite a busy crowd. Love the light and welcoming space. Best dirty chai in town! We'll be back!Man, this place is still the best.  After you go here for a while and then try a different place you realize all over again just how amazing The Station is.  Their pastries are baked fresh daily, seriously DAILY.  And the prices are pretty reasonable.This place is wonderful. The space is great, full of natural light and comfortable seating. The pastries are spectacular, I wish I  could recommend a favorite, but every single one I've tried has been equally amazing.  Coffee is on point. So glad mid city finally has a good local coffee shop and bakery.Great coffee, the ambiance is nice, the music is not annoying.  The pastries are so much better than the usual coffee shop options, which are often stale and old.  The food seems fresh and homemade, their bagels are amazing.  Maybe the best I've ever had.  The internet connection is strong.  Only drawback is that it's really cold inside, for some reason they keep the temperature pretty low, so be sure to bring an extra shirt.Staff is friendly, place is beautiful, but the food and stuff is overpriced. It's good though, but I haven't felt the need to come back. Maybe it's expensive because it's local, or the ingredients themselves for whatever pastries there are just expensive. I don't know, but I wish them the best.We walked over for coffee and breakfast, it is lovely! Great service, the quiche was made in house, very tender and creamy. They made me a pour over decaf that was fantastic, and even had teats for our dogs. Great addition to the neighborhood.I work out of coffee shops so I spend a lot of time bouncing between spots and have to say this is THE BEST.
1) staff are the nicest
2) food is great
3) great space
4) clean
5) and hands down the best music...every time I am floored by the selectionBest crawfish, goat cheese, cream cheese king cake EVER!!! One of the best kept secrets in New Orleans.I love this place! So happy to have a good coffee shop near the office. The coffee is really good, the homemade baked goods are even better! And the service is always great!Delicious tea and coffee. They have both sweet and savory pastries, and they are buttery and delicious. The seating inside is cute and mix matched. They board games you can play if you are with someone. They also have plenty of outside seating. Dog friendly with water bowls near the outside seats.I'm a barista, so when I read the reviews of this little place while visiting New Orleans I was excited for some specialty brewed coffee and a nice space for me to work. The space is pleasant and there's plenty of seating. Their selections of pastries were above average as well as single origin coffees.
As a barista, I'm well aware of early hours and annoying uncaffinated customers, however this counterperson was surly to a fault making me feel unwelcome. I felt rushed throughout the transaction, and she didn't offer to heat my pastry like she had for previous customers, so it was cold and I threw most of it away. I ordered a Burundi pour over, which should be lighter in nature being a single origin coffee. The pour overs aren't done by hand, leaving my 4 dollar coffee bitter and over-extracted. I'll pass next time.I'm an out-of-towner, and today I was looking for a nice spot with appetizing snacks. This place did not disappoint. Relaxed atmosphere. Perfect spot for taking in a good read on a rainy day. Check out the Meyer Lemon/Earl Grey Tea Bar if you are looking for a sweet treat.Today was my first time going to The Station and I'm very impressed. The atmosphere is great and the product is even better. If you love lemon treats I highly recommend you go by and get one of the Earl Grey Lemon Bars.Got here late in afternoon so they were running low on brunch items.  I had a granola bar that was really good and gigantic.  Chai was good.  Cafe itself was clean and quiet even though It was pretty full.  Bathroom could use a good scrubbing.  Staff was kind and helpful.  WiFi was good.  I loved the purple roof.  Badass.Went to meet a friend and wished I had known the extent of the menu. Everything, and I mean everything, looked delicious! Coffee was great and so was biscotti. Want to go back for a meal (s) and sample lots of what I saw. GO!!!!!Beautifully designed building in a bright, airy and friendly atmosphere. Iced coffee was delicious and so was the handmade sweet potato curry cauliflower meat pie. Awesome addition to the neighborhood.Iced chai with almond milk!!! 
Also, pastries baked fresh in house--I've only ever had the bananas foster danish, and it was perfect.So excited for this spot to open in my 'hood. Delicious coffee and pastries/sandwiches. Husband and wife duo putting a lot of thought and care into what they offer. I've already been back multiple times. Indoor and outdoor seating available. Decor is super charming! Exciting addition to Bienville/ mid-city.A solid 5 for taste and the drink selection is strong. A tiny bit over the price I'd want to pay, but it's not unreasonable. Everything I had was savory and baked well. I also ordered an Arnold Palmer and it was above average. They had other fancy coffees and teas, but I was feeling basic. 
The inside was feeling a little small, but enough space to maneuver between tables. The outside is pleasant and spacious, great for a casual reading day. There were tables, counter tops and lounge couches, something for everyone. 
No dedicated parking that I saw, but plenty of street parking.  Give this place a try.This coffee shop is local-friendly and also dog-friendly! It has a whole outside patio for people with dogs and nice spacious area inside for people who want to study or even play board games. Their coffee does not have any bitter or sour taste which is personally perfect for me. They also have light breakfast/lunch options for those who like to snack with their coffee!This is my new favorite coffee shop. It's the perfect place to grab a coffee and little treat. The atmosphere is relaxed and inviting. I love the option of sitting outside on a beautiful day. I've had a few baked items and everything has been good. The staff is extremely friendly which is always a bonus. I say this place has everything going for it and I will keep coming back for more!Avocado toast with a hard boiled egg added is amazing, the seasoning and vinegar they put on top is so good. I also had a blue berry muffin and was very pleased as well! Staff is very nice and gets the line down quick (there was 8 of us)Feeling #Blessed and #HighlyFavored to have good coffee and fresh made pastries in this area now. And they open early!!!!I don't know what I love more; the staff, the music selection or the menu! The Station, previously a long-shuttered filling station from the 1930s, is partially responsible for all of the work I get done. There are a variety of coffee options and the daily roasts are always super exotic and interesting. The food is made by former Angelo Brocato's baker, Megan Walker, so obviously there are zero complaints there. Whether it's a chicken pot pie, carefully crafted sandwiches or the dessert you didn't know you were craving, you'll find something you like (if they haven't sold out yet). Did I mention it's dog friendly and gives Mr. Pancakes a treat every time? The front patio is nicely shaded and perfect for a single work session or a group coffee date. While the entire staff is cream of the crop, Emily might have one me over with the Regina Spektor playlist. See you guys at the Station!Quaint neighborhood coffee shop that I would go to everyday if I lived in this neighborhood. I had the frozen coffee which is one of the best choices on a hot summer day. The outdoor seating is nice for groups or more privacy but there is also a good amount of cozy indoor seating (and wifi). I will definitely add this place to my rotation when I'm in New Orleans.The best way to describe this coffee shop is to say that it's adorable. The Station has a brightly colored roof and amazing green table "pods" (there's only three so maybe try to have someone snag a table while the others order!). Inside, you'll find an impressive array of savory (quiches and frittatas) to sweet (cookies and muffins) items and an impressive coffee menu. The entire vibe is casual, and the coffeehouse has more space for seating than you'd initially think, but the baristas bring your food to your table--which I found to be a nice touch! 
It's a great stop at New Orleans, and definitely is an ideal place to sit and chat with friends for a while. Would definitely recommend.Where to begin!? The Station is simply the best. I walk here with my dog almost every day when I'm in town. The coffee is superb, lots of different options (pour-over black honey is my go-to!). My friend loves their almond milk lattes Treat yourself to a biscuit with one of their INCREDIBLE home-made jams--I've tried apple rosemary, ginger blueberry, and strawberry. All delicious but I think ginger blueberry is my favorite. Also the early gray lemon bars, sausage rolls, and caramel cream pastries were fantastic. The staff is super friendly and seem to truly enjoy their craft. I'm always amazed at how Mason and Emily nonchalantly whip out orders while also conversing with customers. Do your self a favor and avoid the other coffee shops that are over-priced and leave much to be desired--the Station is where it's at! My puppy also adores the complimentary organic dog treats :)I absolutely love this spot. Great coffee with great service. Definitely recommend this place as a good hang out spot.Super cool spot. The frozen coffee is awesome and the pastry option gives nearly everyone something they can eat here. The decor is great.Not only does the entire place look like something from a fairytale from the outside, but the choice of food and baked goods are great. The staff is so nice, so it's easy to go back.Great ambiance and setting. Comfortable furniture. Friendly staff. Great menu selection and SPOT ON COFFEE. Hope you guys are here to stay in Mid City.Many friends recommended to try this new coffee house. They did not disappoint! Excellent Chai and fresh baked pastries. Relaxing area inside and great outdoor patio.
Will be back!Really torn about another glowing review. Wish I could keep this place a secret. It's that good.
New in town and really pleased with the Cafe culture here --way better than where we just came from. And the Station is the best we've found. Coffee is delicious; the space is awesome; WiFi is good; all good things. 
What puts it over the top is two things. One, it's really a bakery. And the things they bake there.... Wow, just wow. Two, the owners and the staff are just such cool people. 
The place can get absolutely mobbed and they work hard to take care of everyone as if they're the most important in the world. It's worth waiting for.First visit...Latte good but served in a glass, next time I will ask for a mug to keep it warm longer. Had a kolache which was excellent. Nice cafe area, tables, bar and sofa area (something for everyone) with LOTS of outlets for your electronics to charge. Place was clean and well lit with many windows. It was too hot to enjoy the outdoor seating but it looked nice. Barista was efficient. I pulled up to do some work but the music was too loud. The selection was nice but I couldn't block it out and had not brought my earplugs. Wish this place had existed when I lived around the corner. I will try again but not when I have work to accomplish.Fantastic coffee. Great quiche and pastries. The guy at the counter is so pleasant at 7 a.m. I'm pretty sure his dad is that Jimmy Dean sunshine guy.Fantastic Chai tea, their pastries looked amazing. I tried the strawberry preserve danish with balsamic glaze. It was AWESOME! Will definitely be going back!!I love this place. I have a few coffee shops that I pass on my way to work but this is the one I keep coming back to! They have a great iced dirty chai, and the earl grey lemon bar is to die for. Keep it up guys. I think I found my new coffee station.Strawberry and goat cheese danish was a nice light but filling breakfast. The hibiscus iced tea was refreshing. The interior is charming and welcoming.I found this place on a list of cool coffee shops in New Orleans and went to try it. Both the indoor and outdoor areas of the cafe are very cute and inviting, there is definitely plenty of seating. Most of the people inside were on their laptops so I get the feeling this place is more of a work and study space. I ordered their version of an Oreo and an iced dirty chai. Their Oreo is obviously not as sweet as the original and definitely has more of a dark chocolate flavor which is nice. The iced dirty chai was pretty strong in terms of coffee flavor and not as milky as some other chai lattes I have tried. I definitely recommend giving this place a try.If you're looking for a convenient coffee shop with good vibes and even better service, this is the spot! Although there menu is small, it's about quality. From coffee to quiche- this place is perfectly uniqueThis place is awesome. Friendly staff, delicious iced coffee, and an incredible selection of baked goods! Since it's arrival in Mid City it has become my go-to spot. Also, inside of an incredibly cute re-furbished A-frame house with awesome outdoor seating (which can be hard to come by)!Fabulous bakery items and lunch, all made in house. Even the jam was homemade!  Mom had iced coffee and a Bagel with blueberry ginger jam, and said it was very good. I had the best quiche I've ever tasted.  I told my friends who live in the area. This is a real gem!This place is super cute! Love the employees, the snacks (chocolate chip scone, freshly baked coffee cake, handmade "Oreos," allll delicious), and the drinks (frozen coffee - basically a caffeinated milkshake!, ginger lemonade, tea with a tiny hourglass). I also generally like the music (except for the Swedish space metal?) - I love starting my weekend morning with some Belle & Sebastian, Passion Pit, or Sufjan Stevens while I'm working or studying. I also find it super cute that you can see into the kitchen and watch the bakers kneading dough and doing other... baking things of sorts.
The space is the only reason this place doesn't get five stars - seating is a bit tight, and the acoustics are not the best. Even if I'm just having a conversation and not trying to do work, I find it distracting to be directly next to someone also having a loud conversation. It's also often SO busy on the weekends that the employees can't get to clearing (you're supposed to clear for yourself, slacker coffee drinkers!) or cleaning tables. There's street parking directly in front (4-5 vehicles probably), otherwise you will have to park in front of someone's house. 
By the way, don't be the obnoxious person who tries to sit inside with your dog (*eye roll*). Dogs can come in while you order (and they get a treat!), but they can't stay... duh. And ESPECIALLY don't subsequently argue with the employee when they ask you to take your dog outside. People.I spent a few days in there working last week. Friendly staff and great drink options. Cannot stop thinking about the Oatmeal Creme Pie they make at the Station. It's one of the best things I've ever tasted!Great atmosphere. The decor is cute. So cute! I love it. Very comfy and the coffee was good! Smaller atmosphere a nice disposition of the barista. Cupcake not so good but cookie really good. Love the coziness of it all! The games could use updating and perhaps offer more children selections for reading and game boards.  Would love to see more food choices as well. Less gourmet type sandwiches and more traditional American fair or perhaps offer up salads or panini style food.I love it here! My go to in mid city for breakfast or light lunch. Great variety and staff is friendly. Highly recommend vegetarian kolache, the spinach artichoke melt, and vegan oatmeal sandwich cookies.This place is like a super cute fairy castle filled with delicious foods and relaxed vibes for you to stop in for a bite to eat and a place to relax for a few.  We tried the strawberry and lemon ricotta pound cake (so delicious), a pork, mushroom and green pepper kolache, and finally a beet, and sauerkraut sandwich.  The pound cake was the best and everything else was pretty good too. Great place to stop in and grab a quick bite or have a coffee!I'm excited to have a great new coffee option near my office! I've always thought that this little old gas station on Bienville would make a cute cafe, and it definitely has. I've been by a few times now, sometimes for coffee, sometimes for food, and sometimes for meetings. Here's my thoughts:
-Fabulous coffee AND lots of dairy free options
-Kolaches. Texans, get there, this is the closest we'll get to having a Bucee's, and there's way less semi trucks.
-Besides kolaches, lots of other great savory options. I'm not a sweets girl in the morning, so I appreciate that there's always some good frittatas or savory pastries around.
-Outdoor seating: great for a beautiful day. They're pretty big outdoor seats too, so you could totally bring a group. 
-Quiet indoors: I had a meeting there recently and didn't feel like we were disturbing anyone, but it was still a quiet place to get work done afterwards
-Dog friendly! There's water bowls outside.
-Bike friendly! No only are there racks, there's a tire pump! With a presta AND a schrader valve! Isn't that just the best?The Station coffee tastes great, the location is cute, and the place is dog friendly. However, there is one barista that is rude, acts super annoyed especially when its busy, and is nice only when her manager (the owner) is standing there. I won't come on the days she works anymore because she starts the day off all wrong! This is sad because it is such a great place otherwise! Hire a new person that isn't passive aggressive and gets angry/flustered when busy and I will be in even more!I have lived in New Orleans for two years for dental school and I have a coffee/ a latte everyday. This coffee shop is THE BEST in town. Literally, I've been all around the world, and The Station has the best vanilla latte I've ever had. SO SO good.The consistency of greatness it incredible.Nice little coffee shop with a good selection of baked items and coffee. We had a hot mocha with almond milk and a blended frappe with soft serve ice cream. They do not have decaf espresso. The vanilla cupcake with lemon curd was pretty good. Vegan wheat bagel could have been better. Convenient if you are going to the art museum.I think this place is so cute. It looks like a little dollhouse. There is a lot of outdoor seating. It was really nice outside with an overcast sky but I could also see it being sweltering during full sun. There was one outlet in the small ivy area outside which was nice. This is a great place to work because it was fairly quiet and there was enough outlets inside. There were lots of pastries to eat too! The bathrooms inside were so pretty! They had flower wallpaper and were painted purple and pink.i love love love the station!!! their rosemary lemonade (they no longer serve it ) is the best, and their pastries are wonderful too!!! i go here pretty often. however, there is one person at the counter who is not very friendly. i understand that it can be stressful and the work may get boring, but please don't be agitated with customers!!! it makes me not want to visit as often just because this person isn't the kindest. but other than that one person, everyone else is very helpful!!
EDIT: had the sweetest gal help me out today!! totally redeemed from 4 stars to 5 stars :) ps i recommend the dream baby dream arnold palmer!!!very good coffee and they let my cat come inside! average prices and a good bakery and breakfast sectionReally good cafe mocha. Bacon cheese croissant was amazing, toasted and crispy with yummy, melted cheese. Chocolate, cayenne ricotta poundcake was a favorite of the kids. Everything was priced appropriately for quality and portions.We walked over to this lovely business. The coffee was exceptional  and the baked goods nothing short of spectacular. 
Wish they had a location in a Georgia.This little mid city gem is great! Delicious food and drinks. Seriously everything is homemade with quality and for a relatively reasonable price! Only issue is that they cannot handle the traffic. I'm still giving them 5 stars for quality and service, but if the line is long and you are in a rush head elsewhere. I've come in several times and had to walk out because I know it won't be a quick in and out experience. I've also seen other people walk in and walk out if the line is long. That won't deter me! I Come earlier or at the right time because this place is worth a visit! If they had a system where they could move the line quicker, they would be making $$! Anyways, still love the Station and an a repeat customer. Highly recommend.I love this little coffee shop!! Today I ordered drip coffee "for here" and it came in a nice mug with unlimited refills! I ordered a bagel sandwich with egg and cheddar for myself, and a chocolate chip scone for my nephew, and both were served warm and delicious. The inside dining area is cozy and clean with plenty of seating and there is a large selection of books for anyone's reading pleasure, including some kids books (which my toddler nephew loved)! I enjoyed the calming music playing in the background as we ate our breakfast. There is also plenty of cozy outdoor seating, including some large booth-type tables. This place is just lovely and we will definitely be back!The best spot!! The coffee and pastries are amazing (try their kouign-amann), the staff is wonderful, and they always have great music playing. Peaceful enough to get some work done, but lively enough to keep you entertained on your breaks. Really cute location, too!I love the variety of seating options, the general feel of the place, and all of the games/ books on the shelf inside. Just what I needed!The place is cute, the employees are friendly, but the things they call kolaches are definitely not kolaches. Black beans and Swiss? Mushroom and broccoli? What?? Texans, don't get your hopes up.I think this place is so cute. It looks like a little dollhouse. There is a lot of outdoor seating. It was really nice outside with an overcast sky but I could also see it being sweltering during full sun. There was one outlet in the small ivy area outside which was nice. This is a great place to work because it was fairly quiet and there was enough outlets inside. There were lots of pastries to eat too! The bathrooms inside were so pretty! They had flower wallpaper and were painted purple and pink. They also had a bookshelf with books to read and even a few games. I will definitely become a regular here.The ham, pear, brie pop-tart was fabulous! Light flaky crust with a savory middle. The staff was great and answered all of our questions. Clean and friendly atmosphere. Free wifi. I gighly recommend you check it out! Maureen,  visiting from Massachusetts.Great coffee. Lots of pastries to choose from. No parking but most there seem to have walked or on bikes. Very helpful and friendly staff.Just discovered this coffee shop today because I was running too early for an event. I ordered a latte and a croissant and was pleasantly surprised. The menu options were awesome and I'll definitely be back.Good coffee selection. Tried the black bean frittata and chai cake, both were ok! Nice atmosphere. Good for short term studying, but not necessarily camping out. Limited indoor seating during peak time.I'm not sure if it's my somewhat "bummy" appearance or what but I wasn't feeling like my patronage was welcomed at all. Stood at the counter virtually ignored by the staff as the chatted with each other. One even warmly welcomed people she knew who were standing behind me. 
Waited for my food to get warmed up while I got coffee creamer and went to the restroom. Staff sat my food on the counter without calling it - hadn't asked for my name - they didn't call out what it was so I had to walk over and ask. 
Just didn't feel like a welcomed patron.  
Meh. Ok food, quaint little spot but the service that I received leaves a little to be desired.I got the granola and yogurt and it was very tasty. My boyfriend got the ham and Brie sandwich and enjoyed it very much. The setting was really cute (check out the colorful bathroom!) and the service was good.Very close to where we were staying.  This place serves fresh baked goods and wonderful coffee.   I highly recommend it!This is such a little hidden gem in Mid-City. It reminds me of a tiny, gingerbread house!
I adore this place. My partner and I decided to try this place from hearing so many great reviews. Stepped in around 11:30 AM and was not too crazy, however there was a good amount of guests. When looking from the outside they have 3 cabanas available for extra seating, a couple of bike racks for bike parking, animal water bowls if you opt to bring your furry friend (which I encourage!) and some extra seating outside as well. Wonderful location and plenty of street parking nearby. 
The inside was cozy and welcoming. The 2 baristas working were so pleasant to speak with. They recommend the breakfast kolache and the earl grey lemon bar (as my friends recommended those items as well). Breakfast kolache of the day was artichoke, feta, roasted red bell pepper and scrambled eggs. Very good! The earl grey lemon bar--I WISH I WOULD HAVE BOUGHT 10 OF THESE BAD BOYS! The flavor is outstanding and the crust is just right. Bravo pastry team! 
The coffee is killer here. Made with love and just the perfect amount of caffeine. I chose the iced coffee and it was so refreshing. 
100% would recommend this little gem to anyone in the Mid-City area looking to venture out and try something new.Very cute place although the WiFi was spotty and the toilets look like they haven't been cleaned in a long time.Cute space to grab a coffee and read or catch up. The frozen coffee was delicious and they also had some yummy food options. Looks like the also sell a bananas foster king cake along with a savory king cake. Excited to check those out!This place is about 2 blocks from where I live and is my favorite place to get some coffee and relax.
The staff is always awesome, their drip coffee, pour over, cold brew and espressos are amazing. 
The baked goods are always really good and I'm a fan of the atmosphere. Very warm and inviting and clean. The bookcase by the couch is really cool also. There's a bike rack right out front and plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. 
If you haven't checked the station out please do!!!I really want to support local especially in these times but when I asked this coffee shop to please ask the baristas (no barriers or 6ft line markers) and bakers to wear masks to protect their customers I was told "no".  This is irresponsible and I just don't get it - Mayor Cantrell has posted repeatedly to wear masks and they have refused to.   Espresso is really good here but we are all responsible for our city's health and no espresso is worth it to me anymore.This is the most adorable coffee shop conversion ever. I mean the roof is pretty and the ceilings are awesome. The outside is adorable. The furniture is comfy. Oh yeah, and the tea and food is yummy.
I know you're supposed to go to coffee shops because of artisanal coffee or whatever, but I'm not a coffee drinker. So I appreciate that they pay some attention to tea. And the baked goods and food is very tasty.
If I lived in this neighborhood, I'd probably be here everyday.Great food great atmosphere.friendly staff..we ate outside and it was lovely.  I would highly recommend.The Station is the hippest, violet-painted coffee spot in Mid City!  The owners and staff are fun, original and filled with positive vibes, and the $2 espresso is a no-brainer; perfect to grab every morning!  Unicorn artwork, a library, wifi, and strong Joe; The Station draws you in.  It's a perfect spot to spend the day with your lap top trying different tasty coffee and non-coffee drinks.  I highly recommend this spot for locals and out of towners looking for a wonderful, caffeinated experience.I love me some coffee, and theirs is lovely, but I really notice that they CARE about what they're doing with pastries.  And the seating both outdoor and indoor is cute as a button.. Its a great place for a morning or afternoon cup and go ahead and try a pastry.  It'll feel like momma's Swiss chalet (house).I am obsessed with this little place. It's a sheer delight. The coffee is phenomenal: both the drip coffee and espresso products are flavorful and delicious and deftly made by a host of warm staff. Plus the array of foodstuffs are fantastic - in my handful of visits to this joint, I've sampled everything from their hand pies, which were bursting with a complex and hearty combo of warm fall spices, to their cakes and homemade oreos, which may pose a problem to my waistline. I can't wait to go back and try their quiches. There's also a lot of workspace, both indoor and outdoor, with a swift internet connection, perfect for a caffeinated spurt of productivity. I love the U-shaped benches outside, which work well for larger social gatherings. The decor is charming and quirky (the bathroom is hilariously and florally pink) and the Station is absolutely inviting in every way.The Station has been a great place for getting some remote work in for the past couple of weeks. Friendly, professional staff, good coffee, goo music and atmosphere. It's a neighborhoody type of place where people meet up to talk and socialize so don't expect complete silence while you work but that's what headphones are for! The pastries and savory foods are great and always fresh, as well.