Can you find it? You better. Great ambiance and wonderful craft cocktails. Boudin Rangoon awesome so is the pretzel.  Sounds a little downscale, but upscale and beautiful.Think British Colonial swank. Really the best place for classic cocktails in the quarter. Too bad its so closet to Bourbon St.Went there the previous night for dinner with some friends on our last night in the French Quarter.  The food and drinks were great.  I would absolutely consider dining here again on a future trip.This is not The Bombay Club I remember when I came here for college. This place has had a huge makeover and looks better than ever. First off, this place has live music everyday, a great bar area and a super cute patio. Great place to come with friends  or to get away for the bourbon craziness to catch your breath. 
The drinks here are fairly priced and most importantly STRONG & TASTY! They don't mess around with their drinks here. They also have a great happy hour! Definitely check it out. 
As for the food it's much much much better than I ever remembered. I had some bites off the happy hour menu. Started off with the pretzel... so warm and you can tell it was freshly made. Perfect amount of salt. The cheese dip it's paired with is to die for. I wish I could put it on everything! 
I also got the pork belly tacos! That slaw was really good... usually I'm not a big kimchi fan but they did it the right way that's for sure. 
I also came here during carnival season and they had the bacon king cake. I love bacon and I love king cake. Combining these two loves makes for one of the best king cakes I've ever had. It's meant for two but it's big enough for 4-5 or leftovers. I took mine to go... I ate it before the night was over. I wish they had this all year long! 
Looking forward to coming back here for a proper meal! Also, they have valet which is key! It still may be easier to get around the quarter in an uber!Coming here on our final evening in New Orleans needing some good music and great drinks while being away from Bourbon Street, The Bombay Club fulfilled our expectations. 
A special call out Aleksander P who apparently created nearly the entire specialty cocktail menu items. If you are looking for a place that create just well beyond well drinks, come to The Bombay Club.
We arrived on a Friday night and the musicians played a lot of great sings for us to enjoy. We ordered four drinks at the bar and really enjoyed the atmosphere: the Grasshopper, the Rattlesnake, the Pisco Sour, and the Pimm's Cup!
We highly recommend this place to anyone looking for some great cocktails. Thank you!We stopped in for a Christmas Reveillon.
The good: 
The cocktails are ABSOLUTELY worth coming in for.  The bar itself is stunning and wow the drinking is classy!  The Bombay Club Martini, with Old Raj Gin and Cocchi Vermouth di Torino is worth every cent of it's $13 price tag.  It's the best martini I've ever had (and I've had a lot).  It's smooth, low on the juniper flavor, and one will make your head fuzzy.  I will definitely make this a stop when I make my martini rounds. 
The bad:
The food was really only so-so.  We were there with friends for the special Christmas Reveillon and expected the best of the best.  The prix fix was $49 a person and included a four our-course menu where you could choose between rabbit and tasso gumbo with potato salad, pecan and andouille crusted redfish with oyster and artichoke stew and a dessert of either eggnog spiked espresso cake or a chocolate streusel. 
I had the redfish and found the oyster and artichoke stew really bland.  It also had a weird consistency, like they had used too much flour in the roux.  The espresso cake wasn't very good either, it was very dense and not moist at all. 
The ugly: 
The service was absolutely deplorable.  We were forgotten several times and our second round of drinks didn't arrive until after the dessert course.  No apologies either.  
We didn't want to spoil the night, so we didn't make a fuss. But, we definitely won't be back for dinner.  It's a shame too, because the restaurant itself is iconic and the atmosphere is incredible. Bar only for us!My meal was extremely good, I had the Rabbit pot pie and it was excellent. Atmospheres in this establiment is low key and quiet. The music adds just the right  additional spice.Went here for happy hour with a party of six. Everything was delightful. The patio is lovely, the server was very attentive, and the drinks and appetizers we ordered were reasonably priced ($5 cocktail of the day, $4 snacks, $3 glasses of wine) and tasted amazing. The dinner entrees are up to $30 but I would absolutely return for a date night based on my experience tonight.Received a recommendation from the Royal House Restaurant.  (I believe that the Bombay Club is in their family.)  Initially I found the decor and tone a welcome relief from the regular New Orleans "bar." That was until the server, Blake, (Brent or some other B name) became incensed that I found the Carrot Cake Bread Pudding bland.  I believe that his reply started with, "I told you that the Banana Pie was a better choice..."  (I wish that I could adequately convey his tone in this posting.) Also, in the midst of this exchange, a large boisterous party entered the establishment and the servers/hostess seemed unable or willing to request some measure of decorum. Unfortunately, they became so loud that they drowned out the jazz ensemble.We had Drinks & Dinner last night for our Anniversary. 
Rachel, the Bartender was wonderful.
We ordered the Filet & Chicken Saltimbocca.
They both were Fabulous!
The music was great and the atmosphere was perfect!$3? Really....$3 for happy hour appetizers every day from 4pm to 7pm?  Where can you get this type of deal two blocks off Bourbon?  
The Bombay Club was a great find tucked in the back of our hotel.  They have an intimate, upscale setting (imagine a jazz club in a library type of setting).  There is a very cute patio in back with three tables and a fountain.  You can be dressed completely casual so it isn't too upscale. 
The appetizers are incredible for the price.  We tried all of them a few times and our favorites were the boudin rangoon, pretzel with Guinness beer cheese, and the buffalo style fried chicken livers.  The portion sizes were decent and the quality was amazing.  I loved their twist on timeless favorites.
Drink specials are Abita Amber, chardonnay and Cabernet for $3. They make a heck of a martini that goes down well with the fried chicken livers.  Try a little poutine for the person who likes it a little messy!
Seriously, if you are in NOLA come here for the atmosphere and food.  At 7pm stick around for a quaint jazz band and sit in the over sized sofas.  We loved this place so much we stopped in here 3 nights for food and drinks.Music and atmosphere were fantastic! The drinks were a little slow and over priced. But was nice to find a quite and relaxing spot away from the chaos a block away on Bourbon.Visited here in late February and was pleased with the quiet ambiance and the cocktails.  Tried a Gin Rickey for the first time, and was not disappointed.  Live piano music makes the place classy and enjoyable.Coming here I had mixed feelings from all the mixed reviews but it was a fabulous amazing night. The service was on point, the food was excellent the drinks and music was fantastic. The chocolate martini was great, the wine selection was decent, and dessert fried apple pie was awesome. The highlight of the night was amazing service. We had a booth behind the bar for dinner then saved us a place on the sofa for the live music but also able to give us a table outside to smoke cigars while we waited for the band to start. From our experience we highly recommend.Best Martini in the Country. Great old bar, live music.. A must if your visiting NOLAJust stopped in for happy hour and really enjoyed the drink and app specials. The ambiance was great. The bartenders were professional. The barstools were super comfortable. Would definitely recommend, although we didn't try anything off the "real" menu.My boyfriend and I wanted a nice romantic dinner for our last night in New Orleans and we got exactly what we wanted. We were seated in an adorable semi private booth with a comfy loveseat. Our waiter Nick was so friendly and sweet, and he took good care of us. The mussels and crab cake beignets were absolutely delicious and followed up with the  blue cheese burger. The bartender (I feel horrible I've forgotten her name) made incredible gin martinis for pre dinner drinks and the grasshopper and espresso martinis for dessert were the perfect ending to the meal. The night manager even stopped by a couple times to check in as well. Great service! As a side note, they also handled a bad situation with class. They seem to be well know for nightly jazz music during dinner. Sadly the musicians who were suppose to be playing didn't show. They made sure we were aware upfront and veey apologetic. I have a lot of respect for tjat. We will definitely return.What a lovely place off the beaten track. Whether in the dark and clubby bar area or the cute courtyard, you'll enjoy well-made drinks and EXCELLENT happy hour appetizers. All at GREAT prices. Winning!I've come to rely on tasty cocktails consistently made by skilled bartenders here. Great atmosphere inside. Enjoy the (mostly jazz) 2-3 piece bands for live music. Lots of variety in table seating for a group or for intimate dining. A relaxed couch and chair seating area. Food is good. When I want to drop into a cozy, classy spot in FQ, I go here.A very poor experience....  I took my family to the Bombay Club for Christmas dinner.  This was a very special Christmas for my family as I flew them to New Orleans for our only family vacation in a few years.  It was our first Christmas away from home. I was so disappointed in the service.  Our dinner took 2 hours and 50 min., and one of our courses was forgotten.  It took 1 HR and 55 min to get the second course and the table next to us who arrived about an hour behind us was served before us.  The menu was preset between two options per course. To add insult to injury we had to ask the manager do something about the bad service because he didn't even make a effort.  Extremely disappointed!!!!Came here for happy hour and dinner. We initially were seated for dinner but the crowd next to us were loud and the perfume overwhelming. We decided to move to the bar for happy hour and sit for dinner later. The staff was most accommodating. Chris offered to get us a table closer to the piano when it was time for dinner. They didnt mind my husband trying out the piano. Service was excellent at the bar and for dinner. Roscoe was our server- friendly, fun and attentive. The atmosphere was comfortable and intimate. The food was very good but a little on the salty side for my taste- thats why the 4 stars. I would return.One of our favorite places we went in New Orleans.
Christmas evening dinner was perfect. Cocktails at the bar followed up with a delicious dinner in the restaurant. Service was perfect- attentive and helpful without being intrusive. Food was flavorful as were the martinis.
The martinis. Some 90 martinis with their full ingredients listed in a hardbound book. Yes! So needless to say we returned later in our trip just to have martinis. We sat on a sofa in the bar and drank happily while two different musical groups came through. The music was entertaining but not overpowering, we were able to converse with our companions or listen to the music without difficulty.Service was excellent, food and drinks were stellar.  Will definitely visit again.  Hats off to the staff who make you feel welcomed, provided guidance and provided outstanding service.Friend and I stopped in for a few drinks after dinner and were very happy we did so.  Cocktails were expertly made and conversation with bartender was great.  Ambiance was lovely, low lighting and low key, singer and piano player set the perfect tone.  Will 100% be back!Had a great time here with my husband last Friday night. Didn't catch the name of the band, but the guy's voice was excellent. Really nice overall vibe, romantic for a date. Drinks were good, don't love the calamari though - to sweet and spicy for me.Came in for a drink for my birthday. Super classy little spot. Best martinis around. The bartender, Alex, was super nice and attentive to everyone that walked in.I had really high expectations for this place, especially after I read that several celebrities always frequent this establishment while in NOLA. Unfortunately, it fell flat in just about every way. 
We had a party of nine for a business dinner. Our table was ready upon arrival, but our server was nowhere to be found. After 15 minutes, she arrived to take our drink orders. She started at one end of the table, and sternly (read: rudely) told us that we had to place our order in the same order in which we were seated to ensure we would receive the correct drinks. I was surprised for this caliber of restaurant, but we complied...until she forgot the order of the last person in our group. We had to call her back to the table, at which point we got a snarky, "What do you need?" Our drinks took another 15 minutes to arrive, and she never asked if we wanted another once the martini glasses were empty. 
I can only speak to the food I ordered...crab-stuffed artichoke heart (deep-fried, underwhelming), hanger steak (cooked way under, no seasoning at all), and smothered green beans (ok, but what isn't ok when there's bacon?).
Bottom line...for the price, I expect better food and better service. There are too many other good places in the FQ, spend your money at one of them.We came for happy hour and had a GREAT experience! Their extensive cocktail menu makes is hard to choose what creative drink to order. We tried 4 cocktails, all wonderful. We got each of the $4 happy hour appetizers and loved them all - especially the rangoon and tacos, we got second orders of those. Our waiter was very friendly, and the overall ambiance is lovely - inside as well as in the little courtyard. Can't wait to go back!The Bombay Club was an amazing oasis from the chaos and debauchery of Bourbon Street. Fabulous, clubby and dimly-lit atmosphere; looks like Ralph Lauren's study. Drinks were great and the music even better! Fabulous three piece jazz band with great marimba!!! Can be hard to find but worth looking for. Can't wait to return to civilized NOLA!I brought some friends from out of town to try this place out for the first time and it surpassed my expectations. Our waitress, alex  was sweet and attentive and made great suggestions from cocktails for my picky friends, to entrees, and even got us to come back the next day for happy hour.  I loved how the menu mixes classic New Orleans dishes with modern and trendy twists! Also, try the pork belly tacos for happy hour ! Loved the setting and will be back again soon! Ask for alex!My husband and I had our small wedding reception here Nov 3, 2012. It was perfect. They were easygoing about the menu selections, and helpful and responsive with answers to any questions I sent them. When we asked about switching an appetizer we ended up getting both as choices for the reception - an unexpected happy surprise. They offered us wedding cake martinis (delicious!) another welcomed surprise and of course, most importantly, all the food was superb. Recommended for any event or just a night on the town!Popped by for dinner on a Saturday night.  Quiet, subdued place that was just what we were looking for!  I ordered the braised pork and the steamed mussels, both of which were amazing!  Cocktail list was fun and extensive, which made for a nice night.This was a little gem we walked into once the crowds in bourbon started to hit the "overwhelming" limit. The ambience was perfect, reminiscent of a library converted to a speakeasy. There was a jazz singer who also helped set the atmosphere. The entrance is set back and you walk in through and unobtrusive red door.
The food was phenomenal, we shared the chorizo rice and a Scottish egg. Chorizo rice had a slight spicy kick to it. The Egg was melt in your mouth goodness.  For dessert there were sweet potato pie which shared a beautiful holiday spice between the pie and the ginger whipped cream. The whopee was s childish dream grown up.
Drink selection was greaT. I sipped on a vesper with dinner- evoking a very best Bond-esque feeling.Wonderful atmosphere and hands down the best food in town. Local jazz musicians and excellent drinks.We sat in the courtyard during happy hour and got drinks, an appetizer, and dinner. Our waitress was nice and talked about local things. We had the rattlesnake drink (whiskey, egg white, and sour.. can't remember it all). We had the barbecue shrimp which was sooo tasty- we wish there had been more. I had the pork chop which was huge! So juicy, so flavorful, filling. I couldn't finish it. My boyfriend had the hangar steak and fries and said that was delicious too. Truly such good flavors and great service.This place is such a gem I almost don't want to write about it, because after all the heat and wackiness of walking around in the French Quarter, this cool, dark and swanky lounge is a total dream and I don't want anyone to mess it up! haha... They have a piano player, an awesome cocktail selection, a little garden area, and are basically the perfect place to have a drink and maybe grab a bite while you're planning out your next move.Came here during brunch for the bottomless mimosas and left super full on the BBQ Shrimp and Grits. Trey was our waiter and the service he provided was excellent! The food was absolutely amazing!!!Came here for a bachelorette party. I'm so sad to not remember our waiter but he was super cool and AMAZING at recommending drinks; maybe Nick(?). I got overwhelmed by the fifty two drinks so I told him what I liked and he nailed it! As well as the other six girls! Setting was super cool and swanky. I felt like a man in like the early 1900s who needed to be smoking a cigar! Dinner was amazing and food was spot on. ONLY complaint I and my future sister in law had was that our hunters chicken was too peppery and hard to eat. I did try other people's food and it perfect. Drinks made up for me hahaha! YUMMYHidden gem. Nice bourbon selection and happy hour menu. Very comfortable and relaxed feel. Not loud or chaotic as Bourbon Street can be. Very classic.Delicious! You can't go wrong anywhere in NOLA.  My cocktail was amazing - it was a gin sour called royal raspberry. It looks so good, everyone around me wanted to order it. I also had the Boudin small plate - very adventurous dish I would say. It has a rich and hearty taste and was filling. There was live music that was very relaxing.  My only suggestion would b to get a new host - he was not very welcoming.AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!
Earlier this spring, my boyfriend and I went to New Orleans on business, and he made dinner reservations at Bombay Club. I was expecting some boring little British joint, but instead I had one of the best meals I've ever had in New Orleans (and this is including Court of Two Sisters and Brennigans)!
To start with, the British Colonial decor is lovely and an interesting break from the faux-French decor found in so many NOLA establishments.  Halfway through dinner a charming gentleman in a darling seersucker suit played old rat-pack classics on the piano, interspersed with witty commentary of the guests.
The wait staff was charming without being annoying, and served a perfect dirty martini (very high praise from my boyfriend).  I had a delicious Bloody Mary followed by an equally delicious glass of white wine (I wish I remembered what it was - our waiter recommended it).
However, all of this is easily overshadowed by the food!  MY GOD!  I ordered the BBQ Shrimp, and it was NOT what I expected!  The shrimp was seasoned in a spicy concoction that might be called BBQ, but such a delicious and marvelous combination of flavors really should be called "ambrosia"!  The sauce was plentiful (which was good, as I asked for more bread, to wipe up every last drop!), and the shrimp was cooked to perfection - moist and tender.  
Just writing this review is making me salivated for Bombay Club again.  I don't even recall what my boyfriend had - I believe that I growled at him when he tried to have a taste of my dish though!What a find!  Tucked in a secret space a quick walk off Bourbon, this former speakeasy provides an adult setting. Casual elegance and yes, panache. The Jazz is cool, the Brussels sprouts hot, and the ambiance easy. Service everything and a bit more. Clare was personable, attentive and helpful. Best Saturday nite in NOLA. EVER.I cannot speak for the restaurant, but this bar deserves a FULL 5 STARS. not a measley 4.5 that I round up. The bartender knew drinks that most have never remotely heard of. Many drinks proabbly close to death. He held the bar open late to serve us cocktails that most would not appreciate. The decor is top notch also.Bombay Club is my ideal kind of bar.
We came here when it was not too packed and actually had a live jazz performance. The jazz here felt very classy, coupled with the ambiance of a quiet library.
I ordered the Cool as Cucumber drink as well as Cinnamon Toast tini drinks. The cucumber one was so refreshing! The cinnamon one was sweet and creamy. I really liked both and both really made the bar live up to its name for good martinis.
I had a very relaxing time, feeling very classy here. The ambiance, live jazz performance, and drinks really sold me well. I would love to have a place like this back at home.This place is great UNLESS you are a vegetarian and def don't come here if vegan unless you want a side of seasonal vegetables and /or a cesar salad without dressing or parmesan (I'm not a vegan but was with a vegan friend and let's just say she's still hungry $45 later).  The chef wouldn't even make a side of mushrooms for her "because it's part of the dish."
Though again, wonderful staff and everything was super tasty and we were all happy except for our vegan friend. #notveganfriendly #noteveryoneeaststhingswithfacesIncredible! Appetizers were delicious service was amazing. Ambiance was old-school and classic!We went to Bombay Club on vacation and loved it! The atmosphere was great and the food was really amazing. One of my best restaurant experiences. The staff was friendly. I would definitely recommend.Favorite craft cocktail bar in New Orleans! The manhattan and French 57 are a must. Brandon (server) has great recommendations! I'll be back for sure. Live music is on and off but when they play it's perfect. The ambience is spot on! Great date night spot. Haven't tried good but from what I say it looks delicious. Until next time!I wanted to like this place. I was a big fan of the original. I missed Bombay when it closed, and many of the original people went on to open another club down the street. 
I went out tonight with an open mind, and hoped for the best... as we all do.  Sometimes these big restaurant conglomerates just miss the boat completely.  Their corporate mentality doest jive with real New Orleans, and they attempt to force feed us their idea of what we want.  
This place is Bombay Club only in name. My lady friend ordered a Martini which came in this tiny laughable glass.  It looked like a large shot glass with a stem.  Fourteen dollars for a two ounce pour with an ounce of ice cube meltdown.  Not a good start.  
The music sounded like sterile elevator jazz, and the bangers and mash menu with some sort of Creole twist was bland and unappealing.  England isn't known for stellar cuisine... and it just isn't a match for Creole hybrid blending... sorry.  
Do yourself a favor and go up to Frenchman's Street and get the real deal. This place better make some quick adjustments, or they aren't going to make it.  
To their credit,  they did clean up the interior and bring it up to date.We spent the holidays in NOLA and made reservations in advance for Reveillon dinner for Christmas eve at The Bombay Club. Despite the fact that you enter through what appears to be a parking garage, this place was impeccable. Fantastic food and wonderful pampering service.What a wonderful dining experience. For the starters we asked Chef Haleigh for her suggestions. She choose the Fried Brussel Sprouts and the Boudin Scotch Egg. Both of her choices were the best way to start this amazing dinner. For our entrée I choose The grilled Hanger Steak and the my guest choose the Cheeseburger. The steak and cheeseburger were for each of us the best  we'd ever had. Now for the finale, the best part of a meal Dessert! We decided to go with the Dulce Bar. A dark chocolate cake with Dulce de leche ice cream sandwiched in between the cake with smoked pistachios. This cake/ice cream
Was visually stunning. The way the flavors and textures complemented each other were magical. I truly appreciate Chef Haleighs input on choices and her dessert was by far a reason to return, again and again. Thank you to the Bombay Club, Chef Haleigh for amazing food, Nico our server for great service and Chris Breaux general manager for an overall great experience! See you all soon.Had a great experience here Saturday night. My boyfriend and I were celebrating my birthday and he made reservations for 6:30. Considering how busy the area would be the weekend before Christmas, we left early to find parking. We got lucky with that and ended up arriving about 45mins early. The hostess sat us right away without hesitation. She wished me a Happy Birthday which took me by surprise. My bf mentioned it at the time he made the reservations and requested a private ....uh...booth? There are several private nooks with either a bench seat or 2 chairs with curtains drawn back. Very cozy. Only draw back is the amount of lighting. I found it too bright. One sconce would have been more than enough light. 
We were greeted by our waiter who wished me happy b'day and took our drink order. I had a question about a cocktail and when tasted, it was just as he described it. The team here are very knowledgeable. The app and main dishes were excellent. Chef Nathan Richard is a master at what he does. I'll post pics. 
The General Manager even stop by our table to let us know to ask him if there's anything he can do for us and ....you guessed it.... wish me happy b'day. Gotta love this attention to detail. 
After our meal, we ordered dessert cocktails and the GM sent out a chocolate dorberge cake that was incredible. 
We left knowing we'd be back. Even if it's just for drinks at the bar.I was having visitors from out of town for Thanksgiving one year and was asked to make reservations for 4... which turned out to be a surprise 6.  The Bombay Club was very accommodating... fortunately it was 7 p.m. and if they'd had a holiday rush it was over.  But... my sister... who was a surprise guest with her husband pointed out what the cost of Thanksgiving meal would be for our group talked my father out of eating there!  All was not lost however as the experience introduced me to their incomparable menu of martinis!  Wow!  That night I reveled in the delight of a sour apple-tini!  I have not found one comparable since!  Since I was a local then I went back many times to try others and was never disappointed!  And with Johnny Angel (a personal friend of mine) crooning to the crowd it was always a perfect time!!I seriously don't understand how you could have less than 4 star experience at this place unless you are serious snob.  Let me start off by saying that we came here to celebrate my husbands birthday and we were blown away by every drink and all of our menu items.  As a group of 4 we were able to sample 8 different martinis and they all exceeded our exceptions.  They each had a flair and were not lacking alcohol or flavor.  In addition to our martinis each couple ordered the calamari for our appetizer. WOWOWOWOWOW...sooo yummy! For dinner the boys got the NY strip with cheese on top, grits and spinach on the side. Us girls got the crab beniets and the bbq shrimp and grits.  NOTHING was left behind.  We thought the food was terrific and it was cooked to our request.  Bombay Club is on our list of "Must-Goes" for every New Orleans trip in the future.  :)Underwhelmed. They would serve their customers better by disclosing what's in the food. I don't eat meat so when I ordered several non-meat dishes I was shocked at how meat-tasting they were. Obviously they were cooked with bacon grease duck fat or some animal product, which is fine but they should say that.Ok my first time here. I had the Pork belly Tacos to begin with. The main course of Pork-chop, it's was amazing with dirty rice. A great happy hour of you can make it. I def recommend this place. Simply Amazing. Great bartenders who know that they are talking about. Thanks NO-Menu website.   
1/20/16
Ok I'm here again!!! It's tough to get away from the crowds of people and find a genuinely great restaurants/ Bar. I ordered the porkChop again. I love it.  Love this place. Be nice to the staff there are spurts where the restaurant gets hopping and you might have to Waite but the Waite is worth it. Great food great staff and we'll run. Try it for yourself!!!We were really excited about visiting this place but we're pretty disappointed by the quality of food. Going here we understood we were going to a little bit more expensive of a place but also expected higher quality Mia open some of the meals we've been having that week in New Orleans. 
To start we had a long list of different martinis and Cocktails choose from we started off with two drinks and really enjoy reading through the menu as names of the drinks are pretty clever and made you excited to try them out. This may have been the highlight of the place. 
I ordered scallops for dinner and while they were cooked perfectly, the seasoning wasn't anything that wowed me. It didn't taste bad, but it didn't taste very good. They're definitely needed to be some extra seasoning or perhaps a sauce of some sort to liven up this dish. I wasn't thrilled with this place overall.My favorite bar in the Quarter. Quiet, elegant and a great Pimm's Cup! I have never eaten there but we always stop by for cocktails when we visit New Orleans.Very cool vibe, upscale but not pretentious, very nice cocktail menu and the bartender will customize drinks! Nice respite from the craziness of bourbon streetLovely dinner location; darker mood lighting, wood everywhere, live subdued piano jazz. The location is at the back of the Bombay hotel entrance. Go past the Bombay Cafe and hotel check in. It's the door with no windows nearby.
The roasted brussel sprouts were so very good and felt so healthy after all the fried food on our New Orleans trip. Quite a bit of oil on the sprouts. Yum! Get this!
I got the ginger beer short ribs and was sad that it was slightly too salty and the meat was very well done. The sauce was okay with the cabbage underneath the meat. The salad was very good - love the mint. The fried rice was wetter than I like my fried rice, but the taste was fine. The short ribs are only 2 pieces of meat - so don't be surprised! (I walked away from the meal more than full.)
Fried apple-cheddar pie for dessert. Excellent flaky crust, good apple flavor. Cheese was too light to really taste and my dining partner who got the same thing said he never even saw the cheese in his (mine had large visible melted cheese chunks).
Service was decent although I had to ask for my water to be refilled twice.
I wouldn't order the short ribs again even though the waiter gave it such a glowing review (he promised to eat my meal if I didn't like it), but I would be back for the reveillon duck meal.As many people come here for the bar & music as the food, and I can't say I've tried the food myself but the menu looks decent so we may check it out at some point.  If you're looking for a drink and restrained jazz music in an old school martini lounge environment this is your place.  In particular go when Don Vappie is playing (usually 2 Fridays or Saturdays per month) because he's awesome but most of the acts are pretty good and they play at an appropriate volume for the space.  Drinks are expensive ($10+) but the Bombay Club is a great way to end the evening in a refined manner after a nice dinner around town.  I've been here a few times after starting at the Carousel Lounge (at the Hotel Monteleone) which is usually uber crowded and these days doesn't always have great music because quite frankly, if I could pack the place with a couple hundred people and not have to pay for great musicians I might consider the same.  Instead just come to the Bombay Club any time after 9:30 and get yourself a classic cocktail and enjoy the music.  It's fairly quiet, so if you're blitzed and/or want to talk loudly amongst yourselves this is not your place because you'll be annoying everyone around you but otherwise the Bombay Club is a nice place and I'm definitely a fan.  Just be aware the drinks are not cheap, but consider that part of your cover charge because you'll never find one here.  And as with any place in NOLA, remember to tip the musicians if and when you enjoy yourself, that's how they make a living!  :)One of the best happy hours in the quarter. We stopped in to this shaded, cool Brit bar for a drink. Lucky for us, classic Pimm's Cups were the special of the day for $5. This is a craft cocktail bar with excellent service. What it lacks in lively decor it makes up for in insanely yummy bites. 
We ordered the boudin wontons and the Cajun poutine. Holy Cajun. Amazing, both of them. Bursting with flavor and at only $4 each, you really shouldn't leave Nola without tasting both. Wontons were surprisingly stuffed with tangy cream cheese in addition to traditional boudin (made in house). Poutine was delightful with house cut thin fries, brown gravy, and Cajun pimiento cheese. We died.Fun place to hangout with friends,nite we were there they had a band that played jazz and had a really good singer...check it outLove the Bombay club! This establishment has a great vibe to it. While in town we enjoyed a few drinks at the bar one night and then made reservations to have dinner in one of the private booths on a second night. Food and drinks were fab!We went to Bombay for our first-night celebration dinner in New Orleans. The service and environment were amazing! The manager called us before we arrived and checked on us throughout the night. Our waitress Lindsey was so amazing we didn't want to leave. We all enjoyed the food, except one of our party, didn't like the chicken. It didn't taste bad, it just was different from what we were used too. It is pricey, but I think it is worth what you get in return. We also enjoyed the live jazz during dinner. It was exactly what we were looking for in New Orleans, especially in the French Quarter.After a day of Mardi Gras Eve bar hopping, my somewhat rowdy three friends and I arrived at The Bombay Club earlier this evening. Though we had no reservation, a very welcoming hostess asked how many and said to follow her to an intimate booth, then within seconds our server, Neela, came to the white-table-cloth table to introduce herself.  She was clear-voiced and eager to help us.  She presented us with their Mardi Gras menu, which turns out to be a positive with me because it's as if they looked at everything from their probably-too-long menu and chose only a handful from the appetizer side and the entree side and said these are the things we do best.  We ordered two large "small bites" items - Brussels Sprouts the Scotch Egg.  Both were truly mouth-watering, which, after all, is the whole point of such items anyway, right?  So we ordered a few Mint Juleps (we're not converts) and Neela showed up to present our drinks, which were served in very chilled stainless steel mugs, followed by our entrees.  I got the Hunter's Chicken, my friends chose other items which we all tasted and everything we had was a step above, not just in flavor, but also in presentation.  That stands out because we've been in town a couple days and none of our dinners were so artfully plated.  It wasn't all show either because these entrees we each ate until nothing was left of rather large portions, proving themselves in the tasting.  Neela made our experience one we will never forget with her fun but above all helpful attitude.  She was being herself because this is a business where they work together seamlessly to bring guests the maximum possible experience.  We had a brief chat with Chris, General Manager, mostly congratulating him on his staff and ambience but he helped us appreciate the menu items by telling us about them.  After succulent and sweet desserts of King Cake and Fried fruit pie, we left, hoping to visit The Bombay again as soon as possible.  Absolutely outstanding.Great service, only $10 for bottomless mimosas and they mean bottomless! Brunch was good, food ok but not 5 stars in my opinion. There was no jazz on the Saturday we went (yesterday), sadly it was our last meal in the quarter before we left. It has a great ambiance feel inside, however not many people there for brunch between 10-12am, maybe because they didn't have the live jazz? I would go again just for the bottomless $10 mimosa or rosé, hope next time if we go, we have some live jazz too!Not sure what's going on at Bombay Club - has been wonderful through up to last fall. We noticed the service is not nearly as polished as one deserves for the prices charged. No one smiles here. Some of the staff old and cranky. Some of the staff young and just plain untrained on service skills for a fine dining restaurant.  Drinks good. Food has slipped and not what it use to be. For example, the Prime Rib they had last summer was superb - perfect. Now you have to 'request' it and they brought out not horseradish creme but ground horseradish recently. Tragic.  Went on Christmas Eve and was told they would have live entertainment - NOT - quiet as a church mouse.  Disappointing ambiance.  Hope that they can get their act together because this has been one of our favorites and would be very sad to see it slip out of exsistence.  Train your staff!Great setting, food and service. This was truly an experience. The boudin scotch egg was rich, I wanted to swim in the she crab soup and the brie stuffed flounder with curried lentils was a perfect mix of spice and creamy seafood. and I had quite a milk punch! woo! As good as the food and drinks were, the service was even better. If you go, ask for Becks. She is sassy, honest about the food and just a fantastic "dinner companion." LOVED her and Bombay club.Food: 2/5
I had the Ponchatoula salad as a starter, my mother did not get a starter as our server told her that the Red Beans and "Rice" would be an ample meal for her. The walnut brittle was outstanding (and the strawberries fresh!) but the greens and dressing made the salad taste incredibly bitter. I actually ate most of the salad because I was trying to put my finger on what made it so caustic. The champagne jelly was innovative, but made no sense on the plate. 
My mom loved her "rice" & beans, and I thought the flounder roulade was great and wonderfully spiced, although admittedly short on crabmeat. Both of our portions were small, and we found ourselves hungry an hour or so afterward. Keep in mind neither of us are typical "American" eaters; we handle smaller portions just fine and often find ourselves content with less, especially if the quality is good. There just wasn't enough on the plate. 
I didn't stay for dessert, and if I don't at least look at your dessert menu, you're doing something wrong.
Ambience: 2/5
The lounge aspect is great, but the whole place just seems like a haven for white men who want to pretend in the continuance of Southern (or English) aristocracy and exclusivity, but have been forced to open up to the public. It is also damn cold in there! I know it's hot outside, we're in New Orleans, but this place was freezing. There weren't enough guests in the seats to justify that much cold air. 
Service: 2/5
This is the saddest part. I have worked in hospitality for almost seven years, most of that time as a server. Regardless of what I thought of a group of people that came in, if they looked shabbily dressed or seemed rowdy or whatever, I always gave them the best service I could: the same service I try to give any guest I was waiting on. 
My mother and I wore comfortable, nice dresses (and neither of us is especially rowdy), and I thought we looked okay for a martini bar and lounge, but apparently our waiter didn't concur. He was inattentive, unfriendly, and non-conversational. He took probably 7 or 8 minutes to bring us our first drinks (could have partially been the bar's fault, but keep in mind it was dead in there), and spent the rest of the dinner coming over to us rarely and giving us a sort of dead pan stare when he did. Ultimately I found my flounder more lively than our waiter. 
So maybe he's just the quiet type, or he's trying to be subtle. Maybe we were his first table or he'd just found out some bad news about his dog... except then this family comes in, and they sit at a table right by us, and our same server is suddenly this fun, funny guy making jokes and chatting it up. 
I walked away feeling like he felt we weren't good enough for his attention. I don't know if our bill wasn't high enough or if we were just too Yankee or something, but he treated us with a mixture of disinterest and apathy that bugged me enough to make me write a review. 
Or maybe we just got the evil twin, who knows. 
Music: 4/5
THE JAZZ PIANIST WAS GREAT GO HERE FOR A FEW DRINKS AND TO LISTEN TO THE MUSICThe ambiance is great. Come here for a drink, some soft jazz and maybe a small plate (Brussels sprouts and Cesar salad were good).  But please don't come for dinner. Entrees aren't tasty, are overcooked, oversalted and the service isn't nearly as professional as it should be for the type upscale place this place should be.Just finished two Manhattans for happy hour, I only had one app for 3$ wished I order all like the couple next us. Great service..Attached to the hotel where we were staying in the French Quarter (the Prince Conti), we made the mistake of thinking it would be a nice spot to end the day after a long evening wading through the Mardi Gras Day crowds in the area.  
We ordered off the specialty cocktail menu.  Cocktails were vile.  Both the Sweet Heat Margarita and Caipirinha were undrinkable.  They seemed to be out of sugar that night as the margarita had absolutely no sweetness to counteract the overwhelming burn of the jalapeno and the Caipirinha tasted like they'd completely left out the sugar - seemed like it was just straight cachaça with barely a twist of lime.
Since it was still Happy Hour we decided to try a happy hour mojito instead.  They were okay - but still disappointing.  The biggest disappointment came with the check - when we were charged full price ($12) for the mojitos instead of the advertised $3 happy hour price. 
Even with coupons from the hotel we didn't go back to this spot the rest of the week.
The ONLY saving grace of this spot was the singer/pianist they had performing that evening.  He was really good.The place is amazing from beginning to end. The food was really good. The service was phenomenal.Horrible service. Totally ruined my experience. Went out with family and got treated like a strangers by staff. Asked for a manager and he acted like a child. Food is good but experience was the worst I've had in a while.Small dark restaurant. Food was ok. Two cockroaches ran by our table while eating. The manager gave us a free desert. Gross.We went here for one of the "nicer" meals on our honeymoon. The ambiance was nice with music playing, but the service was a little hectic. We had multiple servers and people bringing us stuff, which I never like. The Gulf fish was good but very rich, the oysters Rockefeller needed salt, and the salad dressing was very heavy. Cocktails were the highlight including my Moscow Mule which was served in a delightfully icy-cold copper cup. Overall this was too expensive for the quality.Happy hour!
The first thing which hit me when entering was how cool the room temperature was - a nice way to cool down.  Next was how dark the lighting was.  Not that either bothered me.
Hostess motioned us to our choice of the bar or table on the bar area.
Service was efficient.  Water served right away.
Chopped liver on toast with pepper jelly and pork belly tacos.  They were out of the chopped liver so I was sold on the cajun poutine.  The pork belly was crisp and deliciously flavored.  It had quite a kick to the spiciness from the kimchi slaw.  Fries aka poutine was delicious!  At $3 each, what a screaming deal!
Now for the drinks:  Pimms Cup!!  I have no point of comparison but this has got to the tastiest fruity refreshing drink I've come across.  What I like about this is subtle and not overly sweet.  This drink originated in London.  Move over Hendricks G&T, this is my new favorite!
Love this venue and I'll be back to savor their other menu items.Popped in because it was the first place we saw at the end of our late night ghost tour.  Despite the late hour, the food was delivered promptly & with cheerful service.  The decor is beautiful & loved the curtain draped booth.  Fresh ingredients & nothing was overly dressed or sauced.  Simply done & so very good.  Live music was going on too but kept to a reasonable level so you could still talk to your date.  Highly recommend.This place is not worth your time or money. Seriously. Just don't bother.
We first wandered in on Thanksgiving evening, looking for somewhere pleasant to have a quiet, well-made cocktail or two. I'd read a couple of superlative reviews for this place and wanted to give it a go.
Big mistake.
Serving staff were rushing about all over the place, not even meeting our eye. We ended up seating ourselves in the small outdoor spot, and waited. Nothing. So after a while I went up to the bar to order.
The harassed bartender was doing his best to ignore me, however just as I was on the point of giving up and leaving he shot me a "YES?" while mixing several drinks simultaneously, at top speed. I could tell he was ridiculously overstretched, so was prepared to tell him not to worry about it and just go, but he then insisted he'd be able to make us anything we wanted - I'd just have to take the drinks myself to the table. And there was no menu that evening - we'd just have to ask for something we wanted. So I said OK.
We asked for Hemingway daiquiris. He didn't know what that was. When I tried to explain, he wasn't really listening. Nonetheless, he persisted in mixing *something* for us, a few minutes later. 
When I pointed out it was supposed to have grapefruit juice in it, he pulled out a can of grapefruit concentrate, pushed it towards me and advised me to mix it myself! Hilarious, really. I obediently took the can and the glasses back to my amused husband, and we had a nice drink of fruit juice. If there was rum in those drinks, we certainly couldn't taste it!
He charged us five dollars in total, which is fair enough I guess - for fruit juice. :)
However - we were prepared to give the place another go,  seeing as it was Thanksgiving, and he'd been the only bartender for the entire bar and restaurant that night. So we mooched back in a couple of nights later.
The drinks we ended up having were mediocre at best, and the bartender that night was equally disinterested and clueless when it comes to artful cocktails.  
There was some cringingly cheesy live music (thankfully not for too long).  The prices are high, the ambiance is stuffy, and the whole place has an overwhelming air of self-importance - entirely undeserved, quite frankly.
And the coup de grâce? They state that their (unremarkable) drinks menus have GPS chips embedded in them, so they can track them wherever they be - so WOE BETIDE the hapless thieving customer who just can't *resist* making off with such a treasure! Talk about insulting - and ridiculous! It's a complete lie, of course.
What do they do - charge their menus every night?? Now that would be worth the price of a drink to see...
There are so many amazing cocktail dens in NOLA. Please don't bother with this one.