The staff was awesome. The experience and art is awesome. The food was beyond none. 5 star. My group of 5 had a 2.5 hour dining experience. They didn't rush us at all. With tip and drinks it was $100 per person. This was the best dinning any of has had in a long time. I highly recommend this place. Was the highlight of our trip to New Orleans. We all had the four course meal!  Thanks Pelican Club!We went here for our Anniversary this year.  We were running late and they still were able to hold a nice table for us.  The food was fantastic, and the staff were great.  If you are looking for a nice place to eat for a special occasion and do not mind a little noise from other diners talking as the night goes on and enjoy fantastic food, this is the place for you.Reveillon is usually my excuse to venture into some of the city's esteemed restaurants. The Pelican Club's menu drew my eye as it allowed for the opportunity to fulfill my goal for the 2014 holidays--dining on small/cute, exceptionally prepared animals. 
The turtle soup was standard, but the rabbit was richly tender and elevated by its bed of grits. The entree, duck three ways, satisfied my needs for the traditional (confit), the new (barbecued) and the fresh (via the citrus sauce on the duck breast) and overshadowed the side vegetables (they were afterthought). The bread pudding didn't disappoint either.
The atmosphere was warm and fairly noisy, but not exceptionally so compared to Galatoire's, etc. Service was on par for a restaurant of this caliber.The three stars are for the food, which was very good. Paneed fish was excellent, the crabcake and shrimp appetizer very nice. The escargot was the highlight of the meal, with a beautiful puff pastry and mushroom duxelle. Dessert was a coconut cream pie, a bit overwhelmed by the berries, sauce, whipped cream, and fruit that came with it.
The Pimm's Cup was also first-rate, prepared exactly as requested and very refreshing. 
Service? OK. The waiter grabbed the butter and our bread plates while leaving the bread basket on the table. A little later, he asked if he should take the basket. Hmm. He also refilled my water glass only halfway each time. But it's a good thing that I'm a fast learner; if he had not trained me to move the glass to the outer edge of the table, I doubt I would have gotten anything.
Chipped china completed the mise en scene. 
Now for the real problem: as soon as we walked in, WE HEARD THE NOISE OF A THOUSAND ANGRY VIKINGS LAYING WASTE TO A VILLAGE. I asked the waiter if there were a frat party going on in the building. He informed me, OVER THE RAGING DIN, that some television station was having dinner there. I asked for earplugs; he chuckled. I did not. He did assure us twice that the group should be leaving soon. It was a lie. They left when we did.
So, we had very nice food, served decently, to the accompaniment of what sounded like a series of human sacrifices drunkenly conducted by the Maury Povich Show.
A very good place if you don't mind your dinner served on busted up plates with a riot on the side. At $115+ for two people (no wine), shabby chic doesn't cut it.I'm shocked to find so many poor reviews here. Had a recommendation to try this and so glad we did. Service was excellent and each dish our waiter recommend was a winner. Great atmosphere and great food in this hidden gem...a nice break from the hustle and bustle of the area! Don't skip the bread pudding.My wife & I were just in NOLA for the first weekend of Jazz Fest.  We stayed at the Hotel Monteleone, just across the street from the Pelican Club.  Our friends had already secured a table & ordered appetizers when we arrived to join them.  There was an empty two top right next to them in the outside seating area, so I went inside to let the hostess know we were joining them.  So somebody knew we were there!  Fifteen minutes went by before I got up & went back inside to request a waiter come & visit us.  A few minutes later a nice young (frazzled) lady came by & dropped off menus.  We waited a few minutes more for her to return & we put in drink orders & our food orders.  Figured she may not come back for a while, so we should get it all in.  Our salads came out before our drinks!  Once our salads arrived & the (new) waiter had left, we realized we had no napkins & no silver ware.  Took a few minutes to track someone down & get that resolved &, oh yea, could we have our drinks brought out?  The rest of the service was more of the same.  We got our entrees before our drinks arrived at the table.  The food was pretty good, but not good enough to put up with that level of crappy service.Returned to the Pelican Club this weekend and had a wonderful experience. 
Cocktails were well crafted and ample in size.
I had the potato soup to start and was very pleased. The main course was a whole head on flounder which was fried and then glazed with a sweet chili sauce.
My first impression was it was too large a fish for me to eat. First impressions are often wrong and that was certainly the case. Only the bones remained. 
It will not be such a long time between visits.I had the best thing I've ever ate here and I'll say that proudly. I'm not sure what it was...a chicken cutlet with some kind of mango salad on the side but it was amazing!  Maybe I'm just really easy to please but the way it was cooked and how all the flavors went together was a hit. 
 I'm not a fan of fancy dining or even seafood but I came here while on vacation so I didn't have much say.  The service was good and it was a really nice and relaxing place. The menu had something for everyone so I was glad I was able to find something other than seafood.  If you're looking for something upscale in NoLa and are in the French Quarter, try Pelicans Club. It's also in walking distance with a bunch of other places so you will always have something to do after dinner.I'd stopped by here once before for drinks, but did the full dining experience this time.
I had the whole crispy flounder dish, but they had substituted redfish instead.  Wow!  What an outstanding and attractive dish.  The sweet chili sauce absolutely complimented the fish.
Also at our table we had ciopinno, the seafood martini, the fresh fish with crab meat; all were excellent.  
Great waitress, great bar, great food!  Highly recommended.If it weren't for their disappointing level of service, I would've given them 4 stars. The Bees Knees martini is a MUST TRY. The crab mushroom ravioli, the crab and corn bisque, the lobster and scallops plate as well as the trio of duckling were excellent
But from the get-go, when we arrived to check-in after we have made dinner reservations, they attempted to seat us right next to the service hall and in front of the entrance hallway where diners and servers walk back and forth. When we looked inside the restaurant there were plenty of nicely placed open tables inside. As we asked why we weren't seated inside the hostess told us that they had a private function inside. So we settled for the table next to the one she wanted to seat us at, away from the entrance. But we realized later on that the private party was in a different part of the restaurant in the back, and the other open tables were open to any diner, including some of the walk-ins we saw who came after we arrived at the restaurant. Apparently we just weren't good enough to be seated properly? That was strike #1.
First few minutes went well, until the server became rude. He kept pushing us to order certain types of dishes from the menu. It's beyond suggesting. Then when we finally settled on our choices, he seemed a bit upset. It got progressively worse by the minute. When the bottle of wine we ordered arrived, he popped the cork off then chucked it across the table at my mom. He kept dropping things on the table in a hurry, like when we asked for an extra spoon or another glass of water. He also grabbed items off our table with great rush, without asking us if we were done. He never once checked back to see if we were enjoying our meals. He always seemed friendly to the other diners seated on each side of our table, but when he got to our table he was very cold and rude.
I had to approach the manager who showed a bit of concern and sincerely offered me a free drink. I'm not complaining to get freebies so I turned down the free drink, it was the principal of dining at a restaurant who comes highly recommended and claims to be up there with some of the best in New Orleans. That is the bottom line, whether we looked like a billion dollars, or we look like tourists or just a group of Asian women... There is no excuse for the way we were treated as patrons.Came in here on a whim with my boyfriend and his coworkers on Thursday 9/12 and we sat at the bar. Jason and Lindsay were the kindest most fun bartenders I have ever encountered. The food (restaurant week menu - amazing deal, 10000 options) was delicious and timely. I had never thought about coming in here even though I work in the quarter but now it's at the top of my list for recommendations. Thank you again to Jason and Lindsay who kill it!!A quick update, not on the food, which is still excellent, but on the ambiance. I went here for dinner a few days ago and was appalled at how the customers were dressed. Many guys were in shorts , untucked shirts, and tennis shoes or flip-flops. I felt like I was in a sports bar. And the behavior of these guys was on par with their dress.  I know it's tough to have and enforce a dress code in a tourist driven restaurant, but there at least needs to be a no shorts policy.Traditional fine dining at its best!  This doesn't have the old timey Creole cache of an Arnaud's, nor the avant garde excitement of a Stella!, so maybe that's why it's not on the tip of the city's tongue.  But it should be for simple French/American fine dining perfection.  The service was flawless and genuinely hospitable, and all the restaurant specialties were phenomenal: turtle & sherry soup, baked oysters, gulf fish, etc.  The dining rooms are classic and comfortable, with a little extra flair courtesy of adornments by local painters.  It has the look and feel of the place that mom and dad would *love*, but it's really for anyone who appreciates a high class restaurant.This place is so much fun and the food is truly wonderful. Every item on each of our courses was completely complimented by sauces and sides we didn't even need. 
The dress code is super relaxed for this type of place but nicely dressed people are everywhere. I have heard friends say the interior is a bit dated but I would call it classic old New Orleans at this point.  I love that it's not perfect and no one is uptight. Try their signature oysters.......really nice and we we eat oysters all the time.
The Pelican also one of those places that hums with conversation but no one can hear what you are saying from table to table. 
Thanks Pelican Club for a great evening of fun and way too much good food.Extraordinarily loud dining area with rude wait staff. An empty wine glass would be cleared without offer of a replacement. Subpar, unauthentic cuisine.I got the filet mignon and crab cakes from the coolinary menu. I liked it just wish it wasn't so much sauce on it. Very good thoughI am a local and prior to moving here I visited New Orleans yearly for 23 years. I've eaten in nearly all of the city's wonderful restaurants...and some of  the bad ones. The Pelican Club should take a lesson from Commander's, GW Finn's, Restaurant August and many of the other pros.   Last week we each ordered the filet mignon. I was specific that I wanted mine medium rare and my friend ordered her filet to be cooked medium. Strangely the waiter decided to split one order onto two plates. Why? I have no idea. We realized later when we paid the bill. However the worst of it was that the filet, while decent, was served with "corn" as the side of roasted vegetables along with mashed potatoes which hands down tasted like it came from a box. The corn had that distinct taste of the kind that comes out of the can. We were polite yet asked our friendly waiter if the potatoes were fresh or from a box. He said if the kitchen were to run out of potatoes that he wouldn't be surprised if they served instant. That's telling! We were shocked. The waiter then shared with us that the chef was angry when he let him know that the mashed potatoes tasted instant. 
It was a very odd meal and interaction with the waiter, who as I said was friendly but as off the mark as the corn and potatoes.  We still have no idea why he served us only one entree and split it. When I saw the bill and realized this, and asked him he just looked confused and said something along the lines of "I didn't think you were that hungry." Huh? Wacky. As well, not that we wanted it, but he didn't offer even a complimentary dessert or coffee for the problem with our dish... or even take of the $5 additional charge for sharing an entree.  
Don't eat here. There are so many top restaurants in New Orleans This is clearly not one of them.Crab cakes, escargot, cocktails, lamb chops, fish, dessert, bread, and more.  All under $150 for two people?!  And in the Quarter?!  It was fantastic.  Great service too.  Excellent.  Will return.After our first experience, we returned immediately the next night. The menu contained a variety of foods that we wanted to try. As our first was done to perfection we felt that our next selection would be equally as delicious. I am happy to report that we were NOT disappointed. The Pelican Club is a true find: lovely ambiance, great tasting food, and exquisite service. 
Only wish that I could eat there every night!One of the best meals I have had in a long time. The appetizers of oysters was superb and the drinks as well. Tried something of everything at our table and all was great. The dessert was excellent. The draw back is the size of the restaurant and parking. The seating is very close which isn't bad if you have friendly diners but not so good if they are not. The parking is in whatever lot you can find no vale parking. So we would rate this one high with minor draw backs. Even the fixed menu is great.Found this gem of a restaurant.  The restaurant was very elegant set in a picturesque french quarter setting.  This is a good place for a romantic dinner to woo a client.  Food was well preparing and presented well.  For this type of restaurant everything was reasonably priced.  Will be back.Jason is the absolute best bartender in NOLA.   His knowledge and personality are second to none.  I would suggest you go here if you ever have the opportunity because it is just off of bourbon st, close to all of the loud fun, but quiet and in an amazing little alley.We had our new years eve prix fix dinner here. Staff was friendly and attentive and food amazing. We started with an amouse bouche of fried oysters, brie and chutney, which was a fantastic mix of flavors. It was followed by a lobster bisque, which was somewhat plain, but this was forgiven as the rest of the meal was so good. As appetizer I had tuna poke, which made me almost want to lick the plate, so good it was, w the perfect balance of fish, avocado and sesame oil. As main I had yellowfish tuna, with blackened scallops, sticky rice, green beans and an asian coconut sauce, that was one of the best things I ever ate. As dessert, I ordered the creme bruile, which was the perfect ending to a great meal. Many very fairly priced wines on their list.My wife & I just wandered in here for a drink on our anniversary, thinking we would mosey on off to our dinner reservations at another restaurant, but we were so blown away by the friendliness of the bartender and the menu and the ambiance... that we cancelled our dinner reservation and dined here instead!   What a great decision that was.   This was by far the best meal, and the most pleasant dining experience during our 4-night stay in New Orleans.   Our server comped us our appetizers -- and on our way out the door the bartender, knowing it was our anniversary, poured us all a round of champagne!    The food:   Order the quail.  It is out of this world.   As was everything we sampled.   And it's just such a pleasant place to be -- each room has its own aesthetic, its own lighting -- and the way the restaurant space just keeps expanding is delightful.   I think I would move to New Orleans just so I could dine regularly at this restaurant.Everything here was amaze-balls. We tasted practically everything and it was all delicious - do not miss the Cioppino or the focaccia! Carrie was the most perfect server ever.My favorite place to go in all of New Orleans! It's delicious and the staff is wonderful! The quality of the food is superb and always fresh! French food with great ingredients. I love the grilled fish and the baked oysters. Also they have the best bread pudding I've ever tried, you cannot go wrong! Also they have fantastic cocktails! Try the pimms royale! This is a true New Orleans gem & a must try if you're looking for a great spot in the heart of the french quarterExcellent. Worth the price. Wait staff attentive & helpful. We had drinks at the bar before guests arrived. Nice bar to sit at. Dining room accommodates many, but it still felt comfy.I wish there were more stars to give this restaurant. We went there for their Coolinary menu and literally everything we had was amazing. The crab cakes were the best. The owners response about them  was, "this is how I make them at home." This was the best food we had all week and the service matched the excellence. Our server, Burt went above and beyond. He had great recommendations and let us sample wine. This was an amazing memory and I will definitely be back here.We really enjoyed The P.C.  Locals gave us the heads up and we were able to get in with short notice on a Friday night.  Service was very solid and our dishes really shined.  I had the flounder and the Mrs had the black drum.  We shared a nice white Burgundy and the evening was very pleasant.  I had the seafood martini and that was also a treat.  A definate winner in all respects.On a recent week-long stay in NOLA, we tried the Pelican Club. This was the best meal of the week and when you say something like that in a foodie city like this, that's saying something. 
We were seated before the rush started (we're earlier diners than most), but by the middle of the meal, the joint was jumping and there was plenty of energy. Some people say it's noisy. Yeah, maybe. I just loved the energy the place exuded. 
My cioppino was delicious. I've had lots of different cioppinos around the country and this was fantastic. Starters of soup/salad were also very good. 
Service stands out as an exemplary component of their recipe here. Friendly, without being unnecessarily chatty, skilled, and professional. Really well-trained staff all-around.Had dinner with an old friend who was in town and this was a great pick.  Nice bar to wait with a glass of wine.  Excellent dinner - had the drum and partner had the filet. High marks for the food, the service, and the atmosphere.  Can't think of a thing I would have wished differently.Went with a group to take advantage of the Coolinary menu-food was fabulous but a very loud group of mostly young women (I can't call them ladies) ruined our dessert and ruined the dinners of around 20 people seated around them. There was one young woman shrieking at the top of her lungs. At times one of them would give a cat call whistle to get everyone's attention. Management received several complaints. It ruined what would have otherwise been a lovely dinner. Managers-please get a plan for dealing with rude and raucous customers before they ruin your business. The Pelican Club should not sound like the Superdome.Probably the best Coolinary dinner so far.  Jason and Felix where excellent servers.  We had a bottle of Affinitas Tokaj.  Escargot In casserole and
Seafood martini ravigote for appetizers
Jumbo lump crab spaghetti fino and
1lb whole Maine lobster with sea scallops and jumbo shrimp for entrees 
Vanilla bean and brandy Crème brûlée 
Bourbon pecan pie for dessert.For whatever reason, no one seems to know about this place--a colleague who's a New Orleans native recommended it to me--and everyone needs to know about it. Charming surroundings, quiet enough that you can have a good conversation and yet interestingly animated, complete with old-world charm, friendly and outgoing staff, and, most important, some really fine, top-notch food. What's not to like?
We started with a drink at the bar, and were entertained by Kari, the highly professional, exceedingly witty bartender who told us a bit about the place and joked with us while we watched her expertly craft her concoctions. We were escorted to our table, where Mike served us with care and good humor. There were three of us at dinner tonight: the bisque was bowl-licking good; the lamb both satisfying in its flavor and stupefying in its quantity, and the creme brulee and chocolate cake somehow excessive and yet necessary at the same time.
This is really fine stuff, prepared with precision and served with both the care and charm you associate with a truly fine establishment. We've been coming to New Orleans for 25 years, and it's totally great to find a hidden gem like this. We'll come back again and agin.Loser man host was a jerk off. Empty restaurant, tried to join a small group of our friends and were told to wait at the bar. Avoid this place like the plague.The Pelican Club is a rare find. The food, service, and ambiance are great!! John was our server and his recommendations and service were excellent. I had the smoked duck gimbo,Love this spot. Great good and great service. The filet is one of my favorites in the area, as well as the white chocolate bread pudding.  Good music playing in the background too if you can appreciate that too.Very nice meal. Had the crispy whole gulf fish, cooked perfectly.  Outside crispy inside soft fresh and tender! Delicious citrus chili.  My wife had the rack of lamb also cooked perfectly. Our waiter Ron was attentive and on spot.  Also he was from Westchester N.Y. We are from Queens NY so we had some conversation about that too!A hidden gem! Jason the bartender is the best in the quarter. Kind, attentive and funny!! Thank you for a great evening, well be back!This was my first time ever at the pelican club and I must say I had extremely high expectations and they came very close to delivering. 
First off lets talk about the host. Extremely friendly and not stuffy which is one of my biggest pet peeves with fine dining. We get it, I'm about to overpay for a meal don't add insult to injury because I'm not the most refined human being. They were extremely friendly. 
Moving on to our a waiter and his team. Our server was extremely polished but once he realized we were laid back he let his personality shine through and lightened up the robotic fine dining spiel a bit. 
Food, the main event. 
We had the Martini appetizer. It was good but the seafood was steamed with no seasoning which left a lot to be desired but the tomatoes and ravigote sauce were so refreshing it immediately balanced out. 
We have the lobster with a diver scallop and gulf shrimp. Honestly it was delicious because it's very hard to make lobster wrong. However being honest there was no wow factor to this dish. It was bland and extremely buttery. No creativity to be found. 
Finished off with the bread pudding which was moist and had a great sauce pooled under it. 
I also tried my friends Mississippi quail and grits, we both agreed the quail was bland and the grits matched. 
Overall a great meal, just no wow factor that you'd expect from a fine dining establishment.Looking for a place in the quarter to escape the craziness of bourbon street? The Pelican Club has great drinks and delicious food! We sat at the bar and Jason took care of our every need and made us feel so welcome. This place will be added to my rotation of favorites when in New Orleans!The baked oyster appetizer was amazing.  My girlfriend had a surf and turf special which was very good.  I had a rib-eye steak with mushroom sauce that was average at best.  So, really, 2 out of 3 is not bad I suppose.  I'd go again, but I most definitely would not order the rib-eye.Crazy expensive of course, but a really nice meal overall. If you come here, get the prix fix meal for the most value, even if you don't think you could possibly eat that much. Soup and appetizers are small, single serving size so you won't get filled up before your entree comes out. 
I had the corn and crab bisque, which was absolutely divine, and the seafood martini, which I would order every single time I come here. For my entree I had the lobster stuffed with shrimp and scallops (turned out to be only one scallop unfortunately). It was pretty good, but the thing I felt was the least delicious of anything I ate here. Chocolate cake for dessert was delicious, though I wish it wasn't baked with almonds already inside. Le sigh. 
Anyway, yeah go here if you have cash to burn and wanna feel fancy. Probably also don't wear sweatpants like yours truly. Nobody said anything but I feel like evvvveryone noticed.The Pelican Club is one of those places off the beaten path literally and figuratively. The literal is that it's situated in beautiful Exchange Alley which doesn't get the traffic it deserves. The figurative is people tend not to think of this place when they think fine New Orleans dining, which is a mistake. I have been to the Pelican Club several times over the years, and I have always had a great meal. This last time was no exception. I took a friend out to celebrate a career move and wanted to make sure the food was up to par. A celebration with bad food is just no fun. We started out the night at The French 75 Bar at Arnaud's then wandered over to the Pelican Club on what was a very cold and windy night.
The first thing I did was order us a glass of champagne so we could toast the event. As we did, I looked around the dining room. I love this type of bistro looking place, tile floor, tablecloths, and some nice artwork on the walls. 
We both chose the 4 course Reveillon menu which was a good deal at $52. I ordered the oyster soup with mirlitons and a fried oyster on top. It was awesome with a hint of herbsant. My lovely dining companion ordered the turtle soup which was a great version of a New Orleans classic. Our next course was crabcakes and a fried green tomato with remoulade sauce and baked oysters. The crabcake was the better of the 2. The oysters were good, but a little overwhelmed by the bacon. Next the lambchops for me, cioppino for her. Both portions were HUGE, actually a little too big. They were also a little difficult to eat. The lamb came out as 2 racks which were a little difficult to carve at the table. The cioppino was excellent but contained unpeeled shrimp which were  a mess. As I told the DC, "good thing this isn't a first date!" Criticism aside, both dishes were excellent. Finally for dessert, creme brulee and white chocolate bread pudding. Again well executed New Orleans classics.
The DC and I lingered over our meal and enjoyed the evening for a long time as we usually do. One hindrance to a good time was the noise level. It turned into a shoutfest. The owner needs to do some sound dampening. 
But it was a lovely dinner with a lovely DC. I will definitely be back.All You Need to Know:
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY. 
I completely regret booking this reservation. My date was completely disappointed with each course and I was embarrassed for choosing this restaurant.
The food is the worst that fake traditional New Orleans restaurants offer. Anyone that enjoys the cheap ingredients and outdated ambiance are extremely likely to not live in New Orleans. In an effort to try something new, I booked this instead of Antoine's. Huge mistake!
What I Thought:
I have always heard this restaurant was held in high esteem even by those in the food service community.
Why I Booked:
It was a special occasion and the romantic location on Exchange Alley is very unique. We also has reservations at Preservation Hall, so this made for a brief after dinner walk.
The Experience:
Greeted promptly. Seated promptly. Slow service, but not terrible.
The Food:
Terrible. This is Cisco food service products at its worst. The olive oil served with the bread seemed like vegetable oil. The soups were oily. The main course of the seafood Cioppino (Italian version of bouillabaisse) had cheap seafood, a massive amount of limp pasta, and tons of cheap 'marinara' sauce.Had a wonderful meal here! Came with a friend and split everything, starting with the gumbo which was especially delicious. Our server, Jason, went above and beyond to make our meal a wonderful experience. Definitely try the scallop stuffed artichokes too, those are to die for!I never leave bad reviews, but for The Pelican Club I'll take my time to do it. So for starters, we had a pretty large party (16 people) from out of town. We were told we couldn't sit together (despite their being space) so we sat 8/8. Our waitresses were a large black woman with braids and a small, older white lady. 
At first the service was okay but i should have known something was up when i asked how was the calamari and the older waitress said "there was nothing special about it...it was like any other calamari. 
Okay... so we proceeded to order. 
The appetizers (for the most part) seemed fine. However, one of our guests had the bisque and she said it tasted like water. I tasted it and YES it did. She took one sip and sent it back. Fast forward to our actual meal. The food took about 45 minutes to come out and we attributed it to the restaurant becoming packed. But hey, the food should be good, right? 
NOPE. 
Four of the eight people at the table had to send their food back. First was the "barbecue shrimp" that was soggy and then there was seafood platter that the shrimp and lobster were HARD and tough. Thinking that maybe my friends were being too hard and I tasted the barbecue shrimp and it was overcooked and super mushy- I tasted it and I was disgusted. The shrimp and lobster plate looked good, but it was also over cooked. 
Also, keep in mind as the food was less than par, the service was slow and several tables who came in after us got their food MUCH quicker than us. Even after suffering through their dinner, we decided to order dessert. This is no lie, we  literally waited 45 minutes for dessert. 
Ready to leave we decided to just ask for our check. Lord did we know this would become a debacle because their waitresses have a hard time comprehending. 
We already knew that they would only split the check 4 ways at each table. Fine, we told the waitress (the one with the braids) how to split them, but she got frustrated and literally screamed that she was confused. She kept saying, "I don't understand" even after we were just asking her the duos that would put their food bill together. 
Then she seemed like she understood but she came back and everything was still wrong.  Like we were charged for things we didn't order and she just didn't follow the simple directions. She was so frustrated we opted to just pay cash so she wouldn't hurt her brain. 
To be in the French Quarter with tourists everywhere AND excellent food all around them, the Pelican Club needs to better train their waitresses AND chefs. I'll never return.My husband and I walked in off the street to The Pelican Club on New Year's Eve 2012.  We had no reservations nor expectations and just wanted a special evening in our favorite city.   We agreed to sit and order dinner at the bar.  It seemed festive and lovely.  There was a quiet, live band.  The bartender was attentive and we ordered our prix fix New Year's Eve meal.  Everything was wonderful, even better than expected.  The lobster bisque came with a scallop and dab of cavier.  My appetizer was the Pelican Club baked oysters, my husband had the ribs in a Asian slaw.  Both were excellent. The oysters were not overwhelmed by the cheese and bacon.  I had the drum fish and he had the duck with wild rice.  The sides were a corn dish and asparagus. We could only manage to order one dessert because we were pleasantly full.  The chocolate decadence cake with a sprig of mint was warm and fudgy.  I wish that I could have finished it.  I loved it and I am not a chocoholic.  The Pelican Club did not disappoint and I want to return again.  A lovely New Year's Eve memory.The Pelican Club is definitely a good place to check out if you are visiting New Orleans. We've had consistently good food and service each time we've dined here. And I can't say that about a lot of restaurants in the city!
We had a large group dinner there on a Monday night. The restaurant is located in a little alley off of one of the streets in the French Quarter. But it's easy enough to find.
Great service and great food - not much else to say! Very attentive staff. Our waitress went out of her way to make sure my filet mignon was cooked exactly the way that I wanted it (and it was). Excellent calamari appetizer - very lightly fried. Delicious pecan pie for dessert. Everyone in the group remarked how amazing the meal and service was. It was one of the highlights of our trip into town. 
This is not my first time dining at The Pelican Club. It may not be the hottest new restaurant name in town. It may not have a fancy chef's name associated with it. And certainly it's traditional décor and atmosphere. But it's our "go to" restaurant for a nice meal.Wifey and I had already reserved a table at K-Paul's, when it was suggested we come here.  Thinking we already our classy posh meal coming, we were not as excited as we could have been (in terms of food) to be invited to join a couple of friends at The Pelican Club on Saturday evening.  In the event, this is the classy meal that we remember from our honeymoon.
First, we sat at the bar until it was time for our table.  Wifey enjoyed her cocktail, but she is a girlie, so she would.  That I enjoyed mine (enjoyed rather than found it a replacement for beer that would have to suffice) is a credit to them.
We were then taken to out table, served by Estevan, and the four of us.  He was superb, understated and helpful when required.  I note bad reviews for the service, so I must mention it was not our experience.  
The three courses were excellent and we were all able to be both sated and not unable to start our deserts.  Food is partial, but I will confirm all four of us enjoyed our food and that the criticism of this place in other reviews does not relate to the food.
Having food the food in New Orleans to be a slight let-down from the level I was led to expect, this place stood out.
Two days later we went to the bar on our way to K-Pauls.  Stefan was behind the bar and was a star, we wish we had eaten at Pelican Club that evening too.This place was an amazing find!! We were lucky they were able to seat our large group immediately. It's situated in a lovely pedestrian alley filled with overhead string lights.  Our waiter Jason was very accommodating to our large group and we had an amazing time. The place is a fairly priced for the quality of food you are getting. If I you are hungry the prefix menu is a much better bargain. 
The dinner entrees were all excellent and a very health portion. I got a whole fried fish which was delicious but kinda had order regret when I saw other people's seafood pots and lobster dishes. Too many delicious options! Next time! 
Highly recommend this place and their fantastic waitstaff!Amazing restaurant!!  Our first time ever at The Pelican Club was last night. Shame on us for not trying it sooner. The experience was fabulous and perfect. Marcus was our main server and he was just fantastic. Great recommendations, friendly and sweet, personable. We really fell for him. And our food was delicious. We selected the four course price fixed menu. Every single course was so good. The potted shrimp!!  The escargot!  The lemon ice box pie!!!!  All I can say is -- GO HERE. You will not be disappointed.HELLO???!!! HELLO???!!! I REALIZE I'M SITTING RIGHT NEXT TO YOU BUT I CAN'T HEAR YOU!!! DO YOU READ LIPS? DO YOU READ LIPS? HOW'S YOUR REDFISH? 
DEATH WISH???
NO...HOW...IS...YOUR...RED....FISH???!!!
Wow. That was exhausting! We came here on October 29 for what was intended to be a business dinner, but turned into a desperate attempt to salvage a conversation with whomever was seated next to us. We had no chance in hell of hearing, much less understanding, the person seated across from us. I have NEVER been in a restaurant this deafeningly loud. If you're by yourself, it might be okay so long as you bring earplugs, but do not, do not, do not bring a group to this restaurant or you'll regret it!
The food was very good, with giant portions as well (no need for dessert), but everyone in our group (once we reconvened outside and were able to hear each other) agreed it was not somewhere we would ever return. I'm a former sound engineer, and am not exaggerating when I say that the sound level was at least 110 dBA for most of the meal. The management really needs to do something to control the volume.Cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. We were in a bit of a bind with no reservation on a Saturday night and ended up walking in and finding seats at the bar. The bar tenders Adam and Jason took such good care of us! They were so kind and made great recommendations for food and wine pairings. We took their advice and ordered the goat cheese salad and rack of lamb, and we were not disappointed. The food was spectacular, and so was the atmosphere and service!So - I'm the third person to review this place - and the first two reviewers couldn't have a more different opinion of this place.  My two cents - marvelous - do not miss this place.  
I never had the opportunity to see New Orleans pre Katrina.  We arrived this past April and found a city that is still suffering but could not be more friendly and welcoming.  And our dinner at the Pelican Club was definitely a highlight.  I found a review of the restaurant on one of the local New Orleans websites and we decided to go since is was just a short walk from our hotel.  
Their main dining room was still under renovation so we ended up sitting in the front room adjacent to the bar.  The service was friendly and attentive.  The meals were beautifully presented and generously sized.  I had a special featuring fresh grilled salmon over the top of a vegetable "ragout", while my other two friends had risotto and cioppino.  Hands down, the cioppino was by far the best I have tasted anywhere.  I could bathe in that sauce.
Add this place to your list.Wonderful service! Was sitting outside on a windy afternoon and was allowed to take a table cloth as a blanket to stay warm. Amazing place in an adorable alley of the French Quarter! Eternally grateful.Sooooooo good. Had the boudin stuffed pork chop. It was  amazing. Waiter was cool too.Yeah man, this is the place.  It's old style New Orleans with a clubby atmosphere and absolutely terrific food.  The main entrance is off one of the Quarter's lovely alleys and appears to be the entrance to a bar.  Don't be misled - you've come to the right place.  
We had the baked oysters with bacon and they were sublime.  Great tasting and just tangy enough to get your attention.  Then we indulged in the escargot in puff pastry that was terrific; make sure to get some of their delicious bread to sop up the juices left over from the main dish.  
Wild mushroom ravioli with lobster was next and that was one of the highlights of the evening.  Subtle flavors and deliciously wrapped in perfectly cooked pasta pillows.  Loved that.  Finally, we had yet another appetizer - the barbecue shrimp and crawfish over rice noodles, which totally rocked.  This is a great dish that's just slightly spicy in the creole style and absolutely delicious.  
We don't often plan to repeat restaurant visits when we return to cities but we'll certainly be back to this one.A very classy off-bourbon option on exchange place.
amazing service, beautiful art, great piano bar should you need to wait (reservations highly recommended), and incredible food.  and the prix fix is amazing.  has all but a few things from the full menu including lobster, lamb and the flounder (all btw, very VERY good).  both steaks are delicious. I was luck enough to sit between two friends who each ordered one AND couldn't finish.  lucked out.
the lamb and the flounder are possible the best options.  the baked oysters are good but not as great as some reviews lead you to believe, but the gumbo is off the charts. and the lobster is amazing if you have the appetite for it and aren't afraid of the rachel rae school of cooking (i.e. it tastes like it was boiled in butter before being stuffed with scallops and prawns).Impeccable service. Had goat cheese salad-perfect. Quail appetizer-delicious!  White chocolate bread pudding-OMG. Nothing about this place is second rate. Will be back.I'm a foodie and have been to over 100 restaurants in New Orleans. Pelican Club is definitely in my top 5. The baked oysters shouldn't be legal they're that good.We only came for dessert here and we're sorry that we didn't have a chance to have a full meal. The desert, their white chocolate bread pudding, is something I won't forget as long as I live! The place is big and really beautiful inside. Try it if you're in the Quarter.The food was delicious ! I was here for a work dinner so I didn't think it was appropriate to capture pictures of my meals at the table LOL. 
I ordered a Moscow mule to drink and you can't go wrong with that. My steak was cooked to perfection just how I asked and the bernaisse sauce on top was amazing. 
We ordered appetizers for the table : shrimp and oysters. Both were delicious. The shrimp did take me by surprise tho...it still had its head !! Lol 
Awesome place would definitely go again.Went with a big group. Service was very slow and several of the meals were not good... Surprisingly some the seafood dishes were the worst (avoid the whole crispy fish and bbq shrimp app).We had appetizers and drinks in the bar area. Jason made us a sazerac drink that was  pretty awesome! He gave great wine recommendations that were all really good. The oysters and ravioli were the best!The soup (corn and crab bisque) was very tasty, the stuffed ravioli were awesome, the flourless chocolate cake was done well but paired quite oddly with mint chocolate ice cream which made it  a miss.  The main dish was a filet steak order mid-rare.  It was delivered at a medium cook leaning towards done and was nearing roast beef quality.  I've had better steak for a fraction of the cost at a ma and pa steakhouse.   Overall the cost did not reflect the quality of the food.  Will not return.This is the type of place that I consider as "Fine Dining". White tablecloths, elegant pictures on the wall, and just an overall upscale place. In all the pictures, there was a person wearing a triangle hat. I guess that was just the artist's thing. When we first arrived here, there was nobody else in the dining area we were sitting at, so I was skeptical. However, the main course was terrific. I ordered the Louisiana Cioppino. I know, sounds fancy. It had Gulf Shrimp, scallops, and mussels over linguini with tomato sauce. Not sure I tasted the difference between Gold Shrimp and Atlantic Shrimp, but it was tasty. The seafood came in a pot on the side and the waiter place the seafood on top of the linguine. How nice. Plenty of seafood and linguine, so my hunger was satisfied. They also have options where you could get a 4-course meal, but I didn't feel like spending the additional money. If you are looking to eat fancy and/or take a girl out that you actually like, this is probably a good option.Definitely a place Id come to again. The food was great and the ambiance was definitely pleasing. The service was good and the drinks were made generously *wink*. Its slightly pricey but worth it.I was impressed with the look of the restaurant and had high hopes...but the place did not deliver.  Eating in NOLA ain't easy for a vegetarian, but this was plain bad. The caesar salad was fine/standard/passable, but for entres they had next to nothing except something off-menu, which per the chef was a "tofu special with grilled vegetables." I assumed that means grilled mixed veggies, but what I got was boiled tofu on a bed of green beans. I don't even like green beans.  I didn't specify that, but who would've seen that coming?  So my dinner was a few cubes of silken tofu.  To add insult to injury, the place doesn't have A/C...and it was 86 degrees inside the restaurant, no joke.  
Punchline: Thumbs down.  Was the worst meal of the week. Might grab a drink at the bar, but I wouldn't go back  for food when there are so many delicious options in NOLA.ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!  Atmosphere is great, the wine list is extensive, the service was impeccable, and the food was exquisite.  Highly recommend the Clay Pot BBQ shrimp, the Seafood Martini Ravigote, and the lobster & shrimp entree.  The bread and olive oil is also delicious, so don't fill up on it like I did :)We had a great meal here.  Drinks were good, waitstaff attentive and dessert yummy. Had the pork chops. Coconut pie was amazing.We were short on time so we ate at the bar.  I ordered the scallop stuffed artichoke and seafood gumbo. Both dishes were very good.  Our sever was also very nice. The place is very nice. 
I wish I had gone back for a full dinner!Three of us went there last night, and it's still a favorite.  We often wait until the last minute to decide where to eat, which often limits our options on a busy Saturday night.  I called and they were able to give us reservations within 15 minutes of my call.  I can tell you that the quarter was so busy that most places were booked for the night.  When we arrived, the restaurant was packed.  They were really being slammed.  We all thought that the kitchen would crash and the meal and service might not be good tonight- we were happily wrong about that.
Despite the chaos, the servers were excellent and brought calm and order to our table.  We all ordered the prix fixe reveillon.  
Standouts included:
 the turtle soup- nice and thick, with just the right amount of Sherry
a creamy oyster soup, which was very good
 baked oysters on the half shell with applewood-smoked bacon, roasted red peppers, parmesan and garlic herb butter- perfectly baked, with just the right amount of moisture inside- very flavorful
 lump crab and shrimp cakes, which were loaded down with lots of crabmeat.
 pane'ed Drum with jumbo lump crabmeat with creole meuniere sauce
and jalapeño hollandaise- a giant filet, very flaky with generous crabmeat on top, nicely paired with a glass of pinot grigio
9 oz Filet with bearnaise sauce- very high quality
white and dark chocolate bread pudding
chocolate decadence cake  (both very rich and delicious)
Our waiter was attentive and unobtrusive.  It was somewhat loud, but that couldn't be helped because it was packed.  We were seated next to a big table of loud, dressed-up sorority girls which was annoying at first, but they thankfully quieted down. Lighting is appropriate, but the far end dining room needs to have the walls updated- walls have been a kind of off-putting orange for years, but it's not a big deal.  Seating is comfortable.  Four quality courses for around $50.00 each is worth every penny- a great value for your money.The way to go here is the 4-course prix fixe menu, which will set you back about $50 but it's a good value for the amount of food you get. 
The breakdown:
Creamy oyster chowder: Now it might have been my craving for Nawlins oysters, but the chowder was fantastic stuff.  My favorite dish of my meal.
Mushroom ravioli with lobster, with brown butter sweet potatoes: It was okay, but I was hoping for more.  (Perhaps it's not a fair assessment, since this was the day after the outstanding gnocchi and lobster dish I had at Revolution).
Whole crispy flounder: The moist fish came off the bones easily and it the crispy parts were nicely seasoned by the chili sauce. The plump shrimp and lobster bits were a nice bonus to a full plate.
[an aside - who knew flounder had Piranha-like teeth!]
Berry sorbet and berries: after such a heavy meal it's all I could attempt.  Nice and refreshing citrusy berry flavor with the perfect amount of tart.
The "lagniappe" was a sweet touch: how can you go wrong with egg nog and bourbon?  
If I could I would give this place 3.5 stars.We ate dinner here tonight.  I will be honest, based on the other yelp reviews I thought this place was going to knock my socks off - it didn't.  The food was good but not great.  Our waitress was friendly and helpful but by the end of our meal she was spread too thin and couldn't spend enough time with any one table.  Our water glasses  were empty for a bit before she got back to us.  We tried the four course prefix menu.  We both had the potato leek soup which was tasty.   I had the goat cheese salad next while my spouse had the quail and grits.  Mine was good but not great.   The quail and grits were outstanding.  For dinner I had the rack of lamb which was good but not outstanding (I had lamb chops last Saturday at Irene's and they were absolutely outstanding.  These didn't hold a candle to it).   My spouse had the double pork chop which was good.  We both had the coconut creme pie which was very good. 
To summarize, I expected outstanding  and received "good" instead.  There are so many outstanding restaurants in NOLA this just isn't one of them - not to say it's not good but for the price tag associated with it, it should be outstanding.Food and service were overall excellent.  The pecan pie, however, was disappointing; served unusually hot.  Otherwise, a great meal.Southern, classy ambiance & great food!
We dined here with a large party on a busy Saturday night, and it was a great experience.  We had reservations, but had to wait a bit when we first arrived, not a problem since there was a welcoming bar in the front of the restaurant and plenty of cocktails to choose from.  Once seated, our server was friendly and greeted us immediately, keeping her smile throughout the meal.  The rest of the service staff was also very polite and attentive, making sure that drinks were never empty and everyone remained happy throughout the meal.
The majority of our table enjoyed ordering from the Four Course Menu, there were so many options, definitely something for everyone.  The gumbo was deep and flavorful, balanced nicely by some of the lighter items on the menu such as Ceviche or Italian Salad.  All starters were delicious, pretty hard to go wrong.  For entrees, diners with our party said that the steak was cooked well and very good, while I can attest for the Cioppino as being bright and flavorful, with more than enough seafood for one person.  The pot was HUGE - definitely would recommend sharing with a friend.
We will continue to recommend this restaurant to others (this was our second trip here after being introduced the first time by a life long NOLA resident), the location is great and we will likely be back!  Cheers!My boyfriend and I made last minute reservations Sunday night at the Pelican Club. We spent 6 days in Nola and dined out each of those nights - so you can imagine our palettes had a culinary experience! 
We had the seafood martini, crab bisque, cat fish and shrimp and lump crab pasta. The seafood was fresh and everything was well seasoned and cooked to perfection. 
The cocktails, also worth mentioning are not to be missed. We were impressed with the blending of flavors all while infused with fresh ingredients. 
The ambiance was romantic, perfect lighting - booths that were the perfect balance of spacious and cozy. Art from local artist lined the walls and gave the main dining room a unique flair.
And the music was sooo good - think Motown's  greatest hits. 
Now the most memorable part of this experience and it was just that was our server Kelly. She was warm, personable and had knowledge of the menu. We got to know each other which I loved yet she wasn't overbearing not interrupting our private moments. The maitre d and other server can't recall his name (he was a fellow New Yorker though) were also great! They had great energy when communications with each other which helped to set the tone. 
Although it was late - we were their last reservation  Kelly never rushed use and treated us like her very first table! Oh and I almost forgot the bread pudding - the best I've ever had bar NONE! 
So if you find yourself in Nola searching for a culinary experience head straight to The Pelican Club. They will not disappoint!Visited in September.  This was the best meal I have ever had.  Everything was wonderful.  Will go back somedayThe only reason I'm giving this 1 star is because 0 stars is not an option. This was hands down the WORST experience I ever had at a restaurant. It's unfortunate because it was my first time visiting New Orleans and we chose The Pelican Club after lots of research - we were so excited to eat there!
Anyways, we were there during this coolinary restaurant week, which came with a pre-fixe 3-course meal. We settled in around 9:30 and all ordered our appetizers. I got the baked oysters, which came out right away - they were fine, not exactly review-worthy but it was a good start to my meal (or so I thought). Around that time, our waitress came over to let us know they were "a little backed up" in the kitchen and that our entree would be out shortly...
2 HOURS LATER our food comes out. During that entire time our waitress went MIA and the manager only asked us if we wanted water (really?). We finally got the manager to give us an ETA on the food, only to have it come out and all of our plates (except for one) were lukewarm or cold. It was incredibly disappointing, if you're going to make us wait for 2 hours for food - at least get it right, boo boo. Throughout that entire ordeal (and we weren't the only ones complaining), we noticed that the place wasn't even packed! There was 1 big group we could see and a number of smaller groups. They were so behind they left a bunch of tables in the adjoining room dirty with plates and glasses after the parties left.
So we obviously returned the food because it was gross, the manager never came over beyond asking us for water, but did give us a round of drinks and took the bad items off the bill. When our waitress  resurfaced, she literally started tearing up in front of us and vowed to never work Saturday nights again. She gave us a list of restaurants to check out that are better than The Pelican Club (you know your place sucks when your own wait staff is recommending other places to eat). And we left, never to return again...