Just left the JuJu Bag. I saw the place on the Food Network. Great food! Big portions. Very friendly and personable service. Great art and ambience.  They even threw in a free slice of that delicious poundcake for my wife and I. I ate it all! The Only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating is because my fried catfish was too salty for my taste. I still ate it though. But, otherwise, it's a must when you visit N.O.I'm from out of town and this is a really great intimate restaurant, I hadn't even planned to come here if not for the reviews. Everything is all really good and authentic. Service is great, I'm going to be here for a week and will definitely be coming back.Excellent!!! I went for breakfast and ordered an egg sandwich on a croissant. It was so yummy! Turkey bacon, melted cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce. Coffee was really good too! They even have a vegan item for those in need. I will defiantly go again to try lunch or dinner.We eat here everytime we visit New Orleans. The kitchen always has something special that hits the spot. This round I had chicken avocado soup with a double decker grilled cheese. My wife had the chicken fajita wrap with their out of this world sweet potato soufflé. Highly highly highly recommend this treat to anyone in the area!Good food. Great people. Lovely atmosphere and culturally engaging for African Americans. I'm definitely going back on my next trip to NOLALoved this place! We're from Portland, Or visiting family in Gentilly. Saw on Yelp that they had vegan options for my daughter and decided to check it out. Carol, the owner, was so welcoming and accommodating and made us some amazing food! We had a bean burger w sweet potato fries, pancakes and 2 shrimp n grits as well as a fat order of gumbo to-go. YUM!!!JuJu was getting ready to close, but stayed open when they saw the look on our disappointed faces. I'll tell you what, our faces had no disappointment when leaving. Everything was so tasty! Next time we go, we hope they haven't sold out of shrimp. Catfish was fried to perfection and the waffles were fluffy and light. The food was only topped by the hospitality. Thank you, JuJu for existing!This place is garbage. They should feel fortunate I am not giving them 1 star. Quite frankly, I can't see this place staying open much longer. We were the only customers there for the entire duration of our meal. There are not that many options on the menu. Most of the food is either fried or saturated in sauce. I ordered the Crab cakes over pasta which came with a side salad. The salad tasted like it came from one of those packages and was a week old. It had brown pieces of lettuce in my salad. The pasta was saturated in some creamy white sauce. I didn't even finish half of it. I almost always finish my food. In addition, it took forever to receive terrible food. With a tip, it cost about $20, which is ridiculous.  I am trying to think about something positive about this place, but not much is coming to mind. Okay, I didn't get sick, so that's good. If you are looking to pay high prices for poor quality food, then check this place out.This place is off the hook. Seriously the food is incredible and the service is just as good. Stop reading and just go here. The atmosphere is relaxing and peaceful. Great vibes, great food.Place is very cute!!! Wasn't able to order food 2 different times, once due to problems with appliances!!!! Staff was unorganized and unbothered!!! I stood there 15 minutes one time picking different items to eat each time I tried to alert the waitress to let her know I found something else "because everything else I ordered wasn't available", she said that item wasn't available either...I finally got fed up with the cat and mouse with her and said what exactly do you have!!!!!!!? Ended up getting okra and shrimp with red sauce was not good! I use to go here a year ago the food was good and the service was quick, I don't know what happened!!So, so good. Our group had red beans and rice, French onion soup, homemade guacamole, and catfish - every single thing was delicious!!  Highly recommended!!I LOVE the food and people.  I walked in by chance and what a find!   The people are heartfelt in their friendliness.  They really care about your experience with them, not by them because they make you feel welcome and relaxed as if you were meant to be there. The food is delicious with large portions. Well worth the drive from the Lower Garden District. Can't wait to go back!!!First time eating at the cafe and I enjoyed my experience. The inside is a little small, but my party felt comfortable. There is also a very large court yard in the back. 
Our server was polite and provided good service. The owner stopped by the table and answered our questions (such as, why the restaurant was named The Ju-Ju Bag). I enjoyed the turkey burger and the rest of my party enjoyed their food. 
I'm definitely interested in their Brunch Buffet on Sundays and hope to be trying that soon.Amazing food and service! We had the Jerk wings and the catfish platter and it was the best food I've had in New Orleans and this is my 3rd trip. The sweet potato casserole, green beans, Mac n Cheese and potato salad were the best sides they've had.  Miss T is the owner and probably the most hospitable host I've had; make sure you ask her about the history of the art work and location itself!dh and I stopped in today we ordered baked wings and a salad and I must say the decor great food and the personality of the ladies made me feel right at home I can not wait to return to hear some live music from the back yard.suggeste to rsvp on Fridays during live musicLove the JuJu Bag it's right down the street from my house, the place has a warm feel to it like eating at a friends house and the food is great. I really love their fish fry plates!Excellent service, food presentation, food quality everything in this place is outstanding.Can't go wrong with a good panini.  Not very spacious though.  A good neighborhood eat.I really enjoyed the turkey wings. I did appreciate that they are a red meat and pork free establishment. The owner is very nice and so knowledgeable of African culture. I expected a little more from the sides, they weren't bad but they weren't the best either. The outdoor seating is amazing, I would really like to come out when they have someone performing. I really hope they have dessert soon they would be awesome to finish a meal there. They also have an awesome barber shop next door. Ronnie does an excellent job with women's hair cuts.The thursday turkey wing special is a miracle! Although some would describe this as home-cooking or comfort food, my grandma is a white woman from Kansas so this in no way resembles her cooking. It's so much better than my grandma's cooking that on my first visit I almost started crying because I felt I'd been cheated my whole life! Sorry grandma.We were very happy with this restaurant. The service was great, the owners are friendly, and they have a salon attached to it.
It's a small place but still we loved it.Juju bag is a really eclectic little cafe/barber shop in the Gentilly area of town.  Me and the Mr. stopped in for a casual lunch. 
Atmosphere:  A
I love the look and feel of this little cafe.  The inside is small, warm, and welcoming.  The back patio is a hidden gem!  It's like you're eating on the deck in someone's backyard.  
Service:  C
We were immediately greeted when we walked in the door. Everyone was really nice.  The reason for the C?  It took us over an hour to get our food.  This just isn't acceptable when dining out for lunch.  There were only a few other people there.  I ended up getting back to work 30 minutes over my lunch hour. 
Food:  B+
I ordered the shrimp and okra over rice, which was served with 6 fried chicken wings and a piece of cornbread.  YUM!  My BF got the red beans and rice with 6 jerk chicken wings, cornbread, and that came with a side salad.  It was really tasty; however, I didn't think the wings tasted jerk at all.  More just like BBQ wings.    Their water is flavored with fresh berries and cucumbers.  That was a nice touch.
Value:  A
I found the value to be really good.  Our lunch plates were $10 each.  That was very fair.
I would definitely go back to Juju bag, but I can't see ever going back during lunch because I just don't have that kind of time when I need to get back to work. 
NOTE: There's live music on the back patio on Friday evenings.  If you get there between 5 and 7, drinks are 1/2 price, and you get a free appetizer.  We'll definitely be back for some live musicSecond time here. She cooks like I do at home. Makes everything with her added imagination, and makes everything with that little something special. I love this place!!!The backyard is like a vacation in itself, lit up at night with twinkle lights and a Caribbean vibe of colors and palm trees. The owners are delightful and make you feel like family. The jerk chicken is very good and they have a secret drink menu you can ask for.I went for a community meeting and was enticed to order something to eat. LOL The stuffed meatball was delicious, and a good white chocolate bread pudding capped off my meal.  I like raisins in my bread pudding which they don't do, but that would have made it perfect for me. The server was personable as was the rest of the staff. Miss T. (the owner)  was delightful. The patio and decor are highlights for me...comfortable and understated.The owner and everyone who works there is so sweet and helpful. Amazing food and service. There are lots of vegan options too. Gorgeous outdoor and indoor seating.Not only is the food consistently amazing the staff have an oddly familiar new orleans flare. Almost like your back in grandma's din waiting on her to whip up your favorite disk.  I've eat here 4 times now (only for breakfast) and have loved the chicken n waffles, Gris Gris (warning the silver dollar pancakes are the size my face), catfish breakfast, and the vegan breakfast. The only thing that keeps this from being a 5 star restaurant is the outside area. The layout is adorable yet not well kept.Found this great little gem thanks to Yelp. At some point this place was on restaurant impossible. Nice little neighborhood restaurant using  fresh simple ingredients combined masterfully  to maximize flavor. The avocado salad was nice and refreshing. The Jamaican jerk wings were perfectly seasoned. Good price point with friendly service.Great food! Great price! Nice cozy place seems black owned. Only had breakfast forgot to get the huge waffle in picture gonna go back for dinner!The food is ok, and the service is sub-par. While everyone is nice and friendly, it should not take 20-30 minutes to get food...especially if something is an appetizer. Other issues is the menu is often inconsistent with what is actually available in the cafe. I was a bit disturbed when I was able to see my "order" pulled out of the refrigerator, popped in a container and then in the microwave. This give me the feeling that the food is not fresh. I have been before on a Friday, and the char-grilled oysters are tasty. The last thing I will mention is food preparation, and taste is not consistent between different kitchen staff. For example the tacos should taste the same on Wednesday and Friday, not a different taste.Wonderful experience this morning at JuJu Bag! Food, atmosphere and Ms. T were delightful.I'm SO glad we gave this place a chance after poking through the reviews! The two ladies there made us feel right at home, joking around with us as if we've been friends for years. The Caribbean Shrimp Salad was phenomenal, and the service was excellent. Do yourself a favor and stop by. We'll definitely be back!My husband and I just tried the JuJu Bag for the first time today for lunch. He had the Friday special - Fried Catfish - and I had the Shrimp Basket. Both were delicious. They had water with fresh fruit and cucumber. I know it doesn't sound like a lot, but it was so refreshing and so much better than plain old ice water. Everyone was really friendly and we even got a tour of the place. When it cools down a little, we will definitely be hanging out on the patio, sipping martinis and listening to live music.For New Orleans, Ju-Ju is unique.  I haven't ventured to the salon side yet but the cafe side is pretty cool.  It's a big crowded because it's an old shot gun double house converted into two different businesses.
I met friends there for a quick bite and had some outstanding wraps.  There was also an event going on in the back yard, and it looked very cool, especially with seating on the covered deck.
Overall, it's a pretty cool concept and the owners seem to pull it off with a few simple tweaks needed.My best friend just moved into the Gentilly Terrace area and we popped in to try out Ju-Ju Bag yesterday.  It was really wonderful.  We were there at 10am on a Wednesday so we had the place to ourselves.  The shrimp and grits were great.  The omelets had something unique in them, either a citrus or a vinegar, they tasted wonderful.  The owner welcomed us in and wanted to know each of our names.  She helped prepare the food and checked in with us several times to see what we thought.  This place is a local gem and I will be going back!Fish Fry Fridays...not the best. I went in for the special and the smell of hair chemicals was overwhelming. Smells like a perm kit factory inside. After noticing the salon next door, I felt a little better. I ordered the fish and I was fried just a little too hard for my liking. The sides offered were mac n' cheese and peas. Both were nothing to write home about. I'll pass...better off going next door to Cafe Gentilly...if you want a good fish plate, that is.Wow, what a great place! Such a hospitable owner and great service. The portion sizes were large and hearty. The food was flavorful and kept me wanting more. The brunch specials were a great deal. Today I ordered the spinach omelette and it was out of this world and tasted homemade. The ambiance is calming and makes it feel like you are at a good friend's house. This is a must go to place while in New Orleans and a place you should be a regular if you live here.Food was good atmosphere was amazing. Band was fun, owner really enjoyed her work and it showed. We are  going to tell everyone about this spot and next time I visit it will be on my list of place I have to go.Wow talk about SPECIAL places. This is. They actually don't open for another hour so I called as I was literally standing outside on steps of this old house restored in out with rear outdoor dining area. So they asked if I would like to come in for breakfast. Yes absolutely. Beautiful Boss here and all attending girls. Roberta waiting on me as well as others. Nearly pampering from entire staff. Have asked for eggs, spicy sausage, biscuit and a waffle and burned brown hashbrowns. This type setting is my always favorite food/coffee. Everything just like my own Mother made. Wonderful here throughout. A must do place here.Visiting from California for the week and this seriously was hands down the best meal we have had! The food is fresh, delicious and unique, and the staff was friendly and gracious!This place is quaint and has it's own thing going on.  I had the chicken wrap which was really good.  I know they used to have spoken words here.  I am not sure if they still do but it is a pretty nice place to eat.  Hidden gem.  Somewhat small but very cozy.First Time here as tourists ! (Dinner time)
Excellent food : some nachos and tasted guacamole :) very friendly and nice owner :) 
We had a chance to listen and watch a local band ! 
Everybody wished us a very good trip and said welcome to New Orleans :) 
Good place to stay !This place was awesome. Don't be freaked out by its quaint appearance. Everyone was super friendly to us out of towers. Food was even better than awesome. Come hungry! I would come back tomorrow if I could.In town visiting family and wanted something authentic...we definitely found a hidden gem. Good was amazing. Jerk chicken was seasoned perfect.  Seafood potatoe casserole was something special! And the stuffed shrimp pasta was sooo filling. We will be back for sure when we're back in townI couldn't have dreamed of a better dining experience.  Ms.T (owner) greeted my party with kindness and genuine southern hospitality.  The environment is warm and inviting and the mimosas are strong.  Our food arrived quickly and it was a feast for the eyes as well as our stomachs.  Definitely a staple of our trip to New Orleans.Excellent food and service was ok. I live around the corner from this place and I want to support a black business whenever I can. The first time I was there I ordered the fried fish which was delicious. The only reason it doesn't 5 stars in the fact I ordered my food and when it arrived I was told I had to pay a 5 dollar sitting fee because a band was about to play. I asked them even if I just ordered 20 dollars worth of food. I wished that they would have told me about this fee before I decided to stay and eat...Anyway who does that? I get if people came in and did not eat, paying a sitting fee. I never heard of this and it was enough for me to really think about wether I wanted to come back. I would, but maybe I will take my food to goSo I'll start this review off by saying that the parking here is on street. If it's a busy weekend, you'll probably have a problem finding a spot. I had to park around the corner and walk up. Which is really not a problem.  
Upon entering, it looked exactly like the photos I viewed. But when I received, the menu it was very short. When my friend asked about some of the items that we had seen on yelp we were told that they were under new management and did not have most of those items. Hence the small menu. There was not much to choose from. 
I do Believe that we were a bit baited in. But it's OK, what the hey, I'm down for something different. So I ordered the two meat special with one side. I got the quarter jerk chicken and sausage with baked macaroni. I usually eat dark meat but for some reason forgot to tell the waitress. I was brought white meat. It was my fault, so I kept it. And it actually was very tasty and very juicy. Which is my sole reason for not eating white meat. The sausage was very flavorful. The mac n cheese was cheesy and delicious! Also they have a pineapple lemonade which is very good I suggest you try it out if you're a lemonade drinker. 
It's a very cozy spot, not too many tables. But there is a patio in the back that would be awesome for having a small event. Overall, I was satisfied with my visit. The employees there were very friendly and down-to-earth. As if I was speaking with one of my friends. 
Also I heard that there's a live band that plays some nights... I will most likely return to check that out!JuJu Bag Cafe
5363 Franklin Ave
New Orleans, LA 70122
(504) 872-0969
I am reluctant to share this with you because this place has become my personal refuge. But since sharing is caring....
The JuJu Bag Cafe has two things that make it a great place to eat, relax and hangout: Ambience and Great Food!
With the mellow colors and music, they have created a very warm and relaxing atmosphere that embraces you and encourages you to stay. I often eat and just sit for a couple of hours, indulging myself in relaxation. To facilitate this even more, there is an expansive patio in the rear for you to soak up a little nature with your beverage and meal.
While advertised as vegetarian and vegan, there are some delicious fish and chicken items on the menu for the carnivore in all of us. Some of my favorites have been the Salmon Burger on Flatbread with the Dijon Mustard, as well as the Avocado Salad and the Grilled Chicken Panini with the Raspberry Vinaigrette Sauce. My favorite beverage has become the Hot Chai Tea. The portions are ample and satisfying!
If that was not enough, there is good entertainment that goes along with the good food.
On Thursday nights there is the 'Word Connection' open mic spoken word show. A variety of poets share their prowess at combining word, rhyme and rhythm. So come by and have a listen, be inspired and speak on it!
On Friday nights there is a jazz ensemble that plays beautiful music that will certainly provide the rhythm to aid in the peristaltic action of your rhythmic digestion.
Also, from time to time, there are theatrical productions staged out in the expansive patio area.
The JuJu Bag has you covered, mind, body and soul. So, with all of this, can you understand why I wanted to keep this to myself? So now my secret is out. 
Come and join me!As soon as I walked in I was greeted like long lost cousin. Ms. Tee, Sister Mikki and Sister Phyllis were so gracious and welcoming. The decor and atmosphere is breathtaking.  In every corner you are greeted with ancestors, dolls, paintings, books and magic. The food was delish (I had the Caribbean Shrimp Salad). I definitely will come back again! Much love!Surreal. Nice ambience. Our hostess took us out back and told us the place will be on Restaurant Impossible in May. She said, "We have a full bar." Wine? Only moscato. Beer? Heineken. We ordered Heineken. She brought it out. Unopened. "We don't have bottle openers." I ordered a po' boy. "They're not good here. Only six shrimp." OK. How about the mixed basket? "That takes hours." OK. What should we order? "Salads." Bottom line: food was edible, price was right, and the owner, a former Southern U prof, she said, entertained us with stories on the way out. Surreal. That is, New Orleans.What a great evening!  We arrived for dinner after 9 on a Friday night, not knowing it was the only night they were open late and had live music. Food was great, red beans and rice with jerk chicken, and fried shrimp. The owner came to our table and was lovely. She told us about the history and showed us artwork that Patti LaBelle had sent her. The singer and keyboard player were amazing. They even turned the mic over to a couple of people in the audience who were also very good. We felt like we had stumbled into someone's living room during a family get together. A fabulous surprise for our first night in New Orleans.  Enjoyed it so much we are trying to rearrange our schedule so we can go back.The food is good, but the phone number on Yelp is wrong and the other number I found I've called five times and no one answers.Casual,  jerk chicken,  potato salad,  bread pudding.  All good.  Nice jazz playing in the background.  Neighborhood place. I'll be back.The place smells amazing and the food is even better. The owner is friendly and very attentive. Great place to stop to get a quick bite.  DELICIOUS!!!OMG the absolute best. Carolyn is such a sweet heart. Regina an awesome. The entertainment was amazing and we had so much fun. Could not have asked for a better night out. Oh, I didn't forget about the food..... I had to save the mention for last. OMG the food was amassing!!! Everything about this place rocks!!! 
Ted, the photographer, frequent visitor is the best tour guide, table mate and family.... 
With love Michal from Atlanta! 
You guys will never be disappointed here!Found the Ju-Ju Bag on a whim. Was actually going to the Gentilly Cafe, but it was closed for Good Friday and these guys were across the street. Ju-Ju has a good variety of items on the menu and they were having a fish fry special which looked good, but I didn't get. Got the shrimp, tomato and okra dish over rice with fried chicken instead. It was good. Could have had a bit more spice, but was tasty. After got the pecan pie with ice cream. Ice cream was good, but the pie was one of those small individual ones. It was ok, but just ok. All in all I like the place and would probably go back if close.Juju bag is the first of it's kind in gentilly. I am happy to say they are family owned and it's obvious from the New Orleans love you feel as you walk in that this place is cared about a lot by it's owners. Their food is simple but elegant. The owners keep their menu red-meat free, and I as a vegan I am absolutly thrilled that there explicitly vegan items on the menu! This is so rare for New Orleans. Nice people, and live Jazz on Fridays.
My 4 star rating is due to them moving so slow, it is for sure a cafe atmosphere but my mom and I were the only people in there for the first 20 minutes or so. Also they were out of the vegan burger and took way too long to come tell me. My hopes were so far up by then. Oh well! They are still new and the owner apologized and said they were out because of a movie that is filming in town. 
Still defiantly worth checking out.I went there for breakfast and I enjoyed the spinach mushroom omelet, and the homemade jam was a nice touch.
My only complaint is the chemical odors from their hair salon next door.  I think I am going to sit next to the window the next time I go there.Made this my first stop on my trip to New Orleans per recommendation of a friend. My crew and I arrived around 1pm for lunch and were instantly seated. We ordered an assortment of food (burgers, bbq plates, etc.) and BOY did we eat. Amazing homestyle cooking and fantastic service. We were even treated to complimentary wine at the end of our meal. Although we had planned to return for some live jazz at the end of our trip, we weren't able to make it back... but we look forward to visiting our next time in NOLA!I *so* want to give this place a higher rating, but I have to defer to just a 3-star for reasons I'll explain below.
Products: Some real down-home cooking, like going to your grammar's house for lunch on a Sunday after church. I found our meals to be absolutely delicious and filling. They have rotating specials every day, so once you find something you really like, make sure it's available on the day you go!! (5 stars)
Service: The staff was super-friendly. Sadly, that friendliness was matched by a lack of expediency. As we went for lunch, time was of the essence. Lunch went exceedingly long when our main course took on nearing 45 minutes to deliver to us. I hate to be flippant, but were they slaughtering the meat and cooking the beans from scratch? (2 stars)
Facilities: The feel of the place matches the food--homey. I rather liked it. We sat out back. It's basically someone's house converted into a restaurant. It isn't fine dining, but nice enough. The place could use some de-cluttering and overall more polish, but it isn't dirty. Parking is limited to a few gravel spots in front the building. (3 stars)
Overall: I would give this place another shot. With faster service, this place would be 4 star in my book. (3 stars)After briefly standing at the door we were told "this must be your first time here because everybody knows you just sit down". After getting a quick tour of seating options  (front, back, patio) we settled in and ordered. Although there was a little wait the smooth jazz and sincere apologies made the time move by.  Hubby had a turkey plate and I had the breakfast plate. Food was decent with each plate having stars. The turkey wings oh my lord. So oooo tender. So savory. For my breakfast the hashbrowns. Sprinkled with green onions, crispy but not over fried. Yummy. Let's just say I cleared the plate.
The one star was reserved because they did get slammed by two tables of 4 and two tables of 2 coming in at the same time. Also because in the back section there were two dying and one living fly bugging us (hehe). Not anything that would keep me from visiting again but areas for improvement.
Overall this place feels like going to your fly auntie's house. You know the world traveler, the one that has experienced more than most in your family but is still in touch with their roots. And, of course, the aunt that will not let you leave until your tummy is full of good food.