Love the atmosphere, variety of beer, customer service, etc. One of the better places for football! Can't complain with the food truck selection either!In town for St. Patrick's Day weekend and it was our first NOLA crawfish experience. The spices were perfect and fresh from the boil. Market prices make it frustrating trying to figure your bill. The previous day, the friend we were with said each styrofoam food container full of crawfish was $8... today they were $15 each. 
Happy hour was wonderful out on the patio. Drink prices were very reasonable and I can see why so many locals come here for a drink after work. 
The only thing that I marked it down for was the actual timing of the crawfish boil. They quoted us (when we called) that the crawfish would be ready at 1:00. At 2:30, the first batch came out. I'm not sure if this is a normal thing but do not be in any rush to get your food.i came here for the first time Saturday for the Cotton Bowl. It was super crowded but luckily they have a patio in the back to help with some of the overflow. They have  about 3 high def tvs but one really large big screen tv good for watching sports although i dont think its a sports bar.
i really like the look of this place its  similar to some of the bars you would find  on South Carrollton but its in the Warehouse District a bit far from Canal St and  the French Quarter. i recommend taking a cab if you are just visiting and without a car.
ive read that they have good food but not this night in my opinion. i had the pork nachos and i felt the porks sweetness did not go well with the nacho cheese.
i think the bartenders are pretty cool. One did a shot with me and that was only after i had ordered my 2nd drink which was a Cool Breeze. they have nightly entertainment too this night Kirk Holden was playing. he was cool he played a variety of  songs from black crows to matchbox 20.
i would definately go back for those who havent been go!Love this place!! The bartenders and the owners are awesome... The entire staff is friendly and will always make you feel welcome.I've only been here once, to watch a Saints game, but had a great time. My husband loved the bloody mary bar and I loved their frozen drinks - Bushwhacker and lemonade. The atmosphere was rockin'. There was a dog sitting next to me at the bar which should really sum it all up.
Lots of TV's to watch the game inside and a big patio area outside with TV's set up. The bartenders are friendly, funny, and prompt. The place was clean and looked like a British tavern inside with lots of wood. And, no smoking inside made the experience even better.
I wish I lived closer to this neighborhood - I'd definitely be a regular.Like one of my fellow elites said this bar is okay. Its tucked way in the back of the warehouse district. They have a nice selection beer and a great patio in the back. Often they have food trucks for grub. If you live in the warehouse district this is your bar but I don't know if I would want to go out of my way to go there.We checked this out since it Sid it was a sports bar and it got good reviews and it was great. Very chill, nice bartender who struck up convos and talked to you for more than just asking what you wanted and they have a band and patio set up as well. About 16 beers on tap wine, specialty drinks and cool frozen drinks that were great.- TIP:  Magazine pizza delivers straight into their patio.  Oh, and make sure to take advantage of the patio.
- CON:  Nothing.  Maybe the outdoor view is lacking a bit, but it's a great patio.
- BOTTOM LINE:   Great cocktails.  Good prices.  Super friendly service.  Worth the walk to the Warehouse District.  A no-brainer post-drink spot after the WWII museum.  Get at least one glass of scotch.Easily the nicest bar patio to drink on in the city. Affordable drinks, great service, and safe neighborhood. A great place to watch your favorite team play on one of the 10 tvs. But also a place for people who don't care about sports to have a nice bottle of wine after work during happy hour. My favorite drink is probably the frozen sake/lemonade thing...  I always scoop one up togo when I'm in the neighborhood.. But if I'm hanging out there, I usually get a dark n stormy in a fancy mason jar.. Doesn't take many of these to get you where you're trying to be :)Weeks ago I wanted to check out the food trucks which were here but my schedule didn't let it happen, sadly.  The other night after doing my power walker my companion said let's stop for a cocktail before heading home.  It was my choice, so I choose The Rusty Nail.  Sooooo glad I did!!!
WOW has this place changed.  I knew that there was a new own but never got a chance to grace this place with my presence.  There are REAL parking lots (I think for the condo ppl tho).  The street is light.  So much safter and nicer then, well, eons ago when I was in college and used to hang here.  Fellow art students and I did a few metal pours here in the back yard which is now a beautiful brick patio. *SHOCK* The ladies rest room is fresh'n clean. Two thumbs up to the new owner.  I had a delish Moscow Mule in a large mason jar.  It was $8.00 but it was LARGE!  French Cheesez was outside (Love them).  
Will def add The Rusty Nail to my personal pub crawl list.They have an excellent happy hour fridays from 5-7 (I think) half prices bottles of wine! They have a gorgeous courtyard. Only wish they had a kichen although they usually have food trucks parked outside by 7. Bartenders are always friendly. They have clean bathrooms and tvs everywhere. What more do u need?Such an adorable space!! I happened upon this bar while looking for a place to have a drink and watch a game and am so glad we found it. At first we thought it was a very unassuming dive bar. Once glance outside and I knew better! We sat out enjoyed great drinks, great weather and a great game! I'll be sure to check this place out again next time im in town.We went to the Rusty Nail late on a Sunday night.  I had been before, but it was a little more empty this time.  Service was good.  There was even some leftover crawfish from a private party that they gave us on the house.  Great service, great people, and a good little dive bar with an outstanding patio.Do not let the exterior of this place turn you off. Yes, it looks a little run down from the outside, but inside, you have a great dive bar with friendly people, good drinks and an awesome patio.
We had just finished dining at Cochon and were looking for a place to watch the Capitals Rangers hockey game. We figured finding a bar with hockey on in a football city would be hard, so we Googled and found Rusty Nail. A few blocks walk away from the restaurant and we were there. We peeked inside to ask the bartender if he'd switch on the game, and he did without hesitation. Most TVs at the bar were on the NBA playoffs, but we had our own little nook to the side for hockey.
They have a great beer selection, both on tap and in the bottle. I got a Abita Vanilla Double Dog and it was excellent. A great beer to sip through and entire game. It was a bit chilly so we didn't spend a lot of time outside, but the patio area is awesome. Lots of seating and TV and almost like a hidden garden type vibe. I would love to go back in the summer to watch baseball or in the fall for college football. 
The bartender was awesome. He talked hockey with us and, after the game was over, told us he would be rooting for the Caps the rest of the playoffs. And that won me over.We reserved a private bar outside for our wedding after party, and it went swimmingly.  Our bartender (Shira) was amazing; the perfect mix of competent, courteous, and fun (she even stayed past the end of her shift because the party was still going).  All of the staff bent over backwards to make sure our guests were happy and having a great time.  The space itself is beautiful (it's outdoors and partially uncovered, but thankfully the weather cooperated); an excellent venue for a raucous get-together. The communication ahead of time was also excellent with David. The only thing we would have done differently was on our part. We overestimated how many folks would show up to the after party and didn't reach our minimum. We had to spend more than we would have liked, but the staff was great and helped us reach it and still have a good time. I would just suggest if you plan on renting the large patio for a private party, make sure you can hit the $1,000 minimum. That said, we still highly recommend The Rusty Nail.Exactally what we were looking for during our visit to Nola. Off the beaten path, a true locals hangout with a great chill outdoor atmosphere.Really enjoyed this bar!!! 
They have a great outdoor place plenty of room to hang out with locals and also eat!!
They have a hot dog Food truck!! Hot dogs and beer!!! On point!!! 
I will definitely come back here! 
Cheers from AZ!!This place has a great outdoor space, great for packing a big group of friends in.  In a fun area of the city, kind of away from other things, near a lot of cool buildings.  Seemed to have a great vibe!Fun neighborhood bar in the warehouse district; good selection of scotches (which I don't drink).  
About 4 times a year, they host Opera on Tap which is a fabulous way to check out some highbrow stuff in a lowbrow setting.I guess I always assumed this version of the bar would be more like the previous Mermaid Bar. That was a major dive, but The Rusty Nail seems much more hip. I guess the improvement of the warehouse district has classed up the place, and that is a good thing.
The best part of this bar is the patio. It is large with numerous seating areas. The tables are far enough apart that it is possible to have private conversations without fear of paparazzi eavesdropping. Not that the paparazzi follow me and listen for gossip, but you get the point.
The crowd here seems older and more mature than other bars in the area. I guess they may not necessarily be old, but the bar has a more relaxing vibe. 
If you're looking for a cool relaxed place to relax with friends, check out Rusty Nail.Cutest little spot in the Warehouse District right around the old home of SunRay Grill. You must come when the weather is decent and take advantage of the outside patio. Drinks were amazing...gotta order the Cool Breeze...and the wine selection doesn't disappoint. 
I'll certainly be back...when the weather stops being so bipolar.Great place for college football. Had the games on audio we wanted. Great beer selection and an amazing Frozen pimms cupGet a margarita and some tacos! Sit outside or play bingo. Cool place.So I LOVE this place!!! It's nothing fancy, but it's pretty darn great.  It being nothing fancy is a good thing in my opinion.  You don't feel like you're in a stuffy, up-tight place.  Rather a very laid-back, friendly neighborhood bar.  The bartenders are always super attentive.  As a bartender myself, I can appreciate that aspect above all else.  It seems as though the bartender can be on the other end of the bar and not have looked your way for the past ten minutes and all of a sudden, he knows you're nearly done with your drink and ready to bring another.  It's truly amazing.  The layout is nice too.  Up front with the stage, in back with video poker and food, or outside on the huge patio.  There's a spot for anyone.  The strangest thing is that their bathrooms are always pleasant which is almost unheard of in a bar, especially in this city.Good drinks, live music, and a very large outdoor patio area make this a great spot to be. Sometimes they have a food truck parked out front but if not don't expect food here.The Rusty Nail is okay. I don't know if I understand the obsession that some people have with that place. They serve decent drinks and the staff is nice and friendly.
The real selling point of "The Nail" is the patio. It's large and gorgeous and on a nice night you can sit out there with friends and have a really nice evening under the stars.
There's pretty much nothing else for me to add that hasn't been said already. I'll return to The Rusty Nail, but I won't go out of my way.This place is amazing, we are from south Florida and decided to have our Welcome Party here. It was a perfect spot for our wedding weekend kickoff. Zia, the events coordinator was so accommodating, helped us plan everything perfectly. The staff was truly amazing, made sure we had anything and everything we needed. The venue itself is unique and inviting. We had roughly 100 people there, every single one of them was truly blown away by the atmosphere and the staff. If you're in New Orleans, make sure you put this on your list to visit.Nice, clean. Strong & pricey drinks. Large, very nice back patio for the smokers, since they are non-smoking indoors (+). 
Went there for a non-profit event, which is probably my favorite part of the whole place! NP's can come in and earn $1/drink for alotted hours on a certain day. They allow one of them to serve as a guest bartender, making their 'specialty drink' that they pick out. Pretty sweet! I love places that can support a good NP org!I'll start off with the negative- the place looks fairly creepy from the outside. The main door is blocked and directs you to a small side door which had me a little sketched out as someone not from the area. Once we got inside the space was awesome and the patio was even more notable. An absolutely great outdoor space. My Moscow mule was noticeably missing the trademark copper cup but was solid otherwise  and the whole experience was great.cool neighborhood bar with nice outdoor patio.  bartenders are great and helped is get some food from The Butcher.This is my current local bar, that is totally discreet from the street front, but has a really cool back patio area, where you can order in food from outside and have it delivered. The bartenders are friendly, and I love that it's a short stroll to my house.Excellent atmosphere, excellent service and outstanding place to watch your favorite team play football!!! Can't say enough about the owners and the bartenders..... WILL RECOMMEND HIGHLY!!!!!Stiff drinks, friendly bartenders, reasonable prices. A five min walk from home if not less...bar I can go to alone when I want to get out for a bit.Great vibe, a very mixed crowd, and very good live music, La Cocinita food truck outside. Most recommended.Good service, wide selection of beers on tap.  We went on a Thursday to see NFL network football.  TVs on patio were being used for trivia, so we sat inside.  It is VERY loud.  Food from a food truck outside, none by the bar.This is a bit of a delayed post, but we had a wedding "welcome party" the friday night before our destination wedding in New Orleans (September 2016). We were able to reserve the large patio and have a private bartender.  Everyone absolutely loved the venue and had a great experience.  Would definitely recommend the Rusty Nail to anyone looking for a private party space rental!Nice little dive to grab a beer and relax.  Love the outdoor courtyard and the live musicI had been to the Rusty Nail several times, in the colder months, and simply thought the place was "OK."  I was recently on the patio and although it can be a bit loud (with fans blaring on your body-which are necessary to keep you cool!) I LOVE IT!  From the food truck outside to the ~30ish year old crowd.  I only ordered Cider (and now can't even remember which one) and it was priced about the same as most other bars in NOLA.
I will be returning-for the patio =)While I'm not a local, I will say that if you are a visitor who doesn't fancy themselves a tourist, this is a bar to seek out. Small, welcoming, and very barrish, you will feel the warm shroud of local color (albeit very safe and friendly local color) fall over your shoulders as you imbibe and enjoy. Go. I'm going to.Don't come here thirsty. Takes FOREVER to get drinks. It was me and a friend at the bar..only two people in the place except for the bartender and her friend. Bartender did not even acknowledge me until she was done with her convo with her friend. I was thirsty and needed a drink after being stuck in NO traffic after work.We did a 3 day bar crawl for my friend's 50th Birthday in New Orleans. Rusty Nail wasn't originally on my list but a friend in Austin TX, told me we should add it, so, trusting her, I went ahead and snuck it in for an hour stop on a Monday night.
I have to admit, it was one of my favorite stops on the trip. We were there late on Monday night so there were no sporting events playing on the TVs, which for me was awesome! It was just a chill bar with a side entrance and a large patio in the back. 
The bartender had a heavy hand and smile and laugh. 
I highly recommend coming here late night for a midnight cocktail. I have no idea how it is during prime time sports events, but for a chill bar later in the evening, big thumbs up!Love this spot when my recording studio was right by it. Cool hangout spot and very friendly staff. Cheap drinks and the music is always just right. There's TVs too if you want to watch the games.I like Rusty Nail because of the indoor-outdoor combo, and the back room is nice if there are a lot of people in your group (and you get there early enough). It's a typical bar and doesn't offer many speciality or fancy cocktails. (Meaning, don't go here if you're expecting a Cure-like experience). Bartenders are nice enough, which is always a plus.Great spot to watch a game or enjoy some time on the patio. Looking for a place to host your party? This is your place. Cochon Butcher (awesome sandwiches) delivers until 9. Great cocktails and beer selection. See y'all there.A little slice of heaven tucked under U.S. 90. Rusty Nail is somehow chill & full of activity all at once. To quote SNL's stefon, "this bar has everything." Easily the best courtyard outside of the French Quarter, frequent food truck visits, trivia, pop-up cooks, Shazam-worthy music playlist, sports showings and way more. I heard they even hosted a wedding recently!
Last Spring I called the owner to schedule a private event. He was a super nice and accommodating guy. Very easy to work with.
As an LSU fan I avoid Rusty Nail on college football gamedays due to the overflow of Roll Tide fans. But even as I drive by on those Saturdays I feel the draw because it looks like so much fun. I may have to swing by for a game next season. 
Yea, the parking situation is rough. You may have to park a block or two away and walk, but it's not enough to deter me from this boozy haven.I love the Rusty Nail because it's full of plenty of good and bad decisions...as is the Crescent City in which it resides.
Good decision:  "Lets go to 'the nail to watch the LSU world series game, lots of seats and great TVs!"
Bad decision:  Going to a bar after a NOLA wedding mid afternoon.
Good decision:  "I'll take a vodka tonic and my man friend will have a PBR"
Bad decision:  "WAIT!  You have lemon Firefly Sweet Tea Vodka!?!  Two LFSTVs on the rocks....juuuuuust a splash of water"
Good decision:  "Let's play shuffleboard"
Bad decision:  (at 5pm) "How about three of those mango shots written on the board!!"  Upon sniffing, realized that it was a Mango-MEISTER shot..mostly meister, not much mango...whoops
I've made plenty of good and bad decisions at the nail, mostly bad though....which is why I highly recommend this place.  Bring your friends, or your dog any time of day!Great place for a drink! The staff is super friendly and accommodating. We hosted a social there and it was a huge success due in part to the amazing staff and location. The place was packed, it was obviously a favorite of many!Time for my tetanus shot. I've been beaten by The Rusty Nail. 
And you know what? I'd do it again.
Away from the cluster F that is the French Quarter and not quite under the freeway (90) is this kitschy little bar. 
There's no-smoking policy, so outside you'll come across stadium seats with folks puffin' away. Inside, find live music, a crazy good scotch selection and cocktail menu http://www.therustynail.biz/bar.html, the aromas of deep-fried foods; and step outside to a surprisingly large patio.
On this particular night, we enjoyed a lively show from Jenn Howard and Crazy McGee (think Janice Joplin), downed Moscow Mules and contemplated our next move. This, for me, was a great place to start the night out.Walking into the Rusty Nail was kind of a shocker! With it's name, the fact that it's pretty much under an overpass, and it's outside appearance I was expecting just another dive bar. To my surprise I was met by friendly smiling bartenders, a super clean but character filled atmosphere, and a killer patio! I can't wait to come watch a game here some time. The crowd was mixed, a lot of young business professionals seemed to be descending on the place after work.  Good pours, fair prices, and a great vibe. I'll be back soon to experience some live music and as I said before, check out a game on their sweet patio.Went here for a party Halloween night...the three stars are mostly just because of the music selection.  If the music was better, then it would have gotten another star.  In a quiet part of the city and is somewhat hidden.Great drinks, live music, trivia night.  Great neighborhood bar, not a dump, beautiful patio.  Everyone is friendly.This is a great neighborhood bar located in the Warehouse District.  It's a hidden bar spot, but the place was lively and packed when we got there after dinner our first night.  It was recommended by our waiter and he told us that it's a popular bar where locals hang out, and he was right.  When we came here they were doing trivia night from the '90's, and everyone was participating, which made the atmosphere more fun.  They do have a large patio area and service goes out there.  I had a lemonade slushy drink which I saw at the bar for only six bucks, and it was loaded with vodka.  They have a good alcohol list, with many different liquors for whatever suits you.  And, dogs are allowed.  Great bar.The Rusty Nail is a neighborhood bar that has much to offer. In addition to having an enjoyable space indoors the outside area is what really makes the bar unique. The patio that is well equipped with many places to hang out is dangerously adapted to keeping you comfortable and ordering many drinks. During our stay I went with their frozen negroni that was perfectly refreshing and appeased my thirst. I am always impressed with these bars in New Orleans that are such dives but crank out amazing and balanced cocktails. I get the sense it would be a great place to meet new friends and could easily become my go to spot if staying in the area longer.I have only been here once. The patio is awesome, great music, great service, and a pretty good draft selection. They had Stone IPA so I was cool with it. 
The one drawback is no food, but they usually have a food truck outside you can hit up. I will be coming here for a Saints game soon.Nice, authentic New Orleans bar frequented by mostly college age locals. Bartenders are friendly and drink prices are reasonable. I recommend going to the outside area, which is a lot more active and comfortable than the small inside bar.I really love this place.  
*Bartenders are really fast and make a great cocktail. 
*Not overpriced, considering how big the drinks are. 
*The patio is a great spot to hang out and people watch.  
*Live music.
Bonus:
**The restrooms are always clean. 
***Your clothes don't smell like smoke when you leave.
Street parking, no surprise there.Fantastic locals bar in the Warehouse District of New Orleans. My drinking companion and I thought this was a wonderful place to get a few adult beverages.  Our favorite by far was the Cool Brees.  It is so refreshing and can be enjoyed anytime. The Front Porch is also another drink worth mentioning.  Delicious. Great bar staff.   My favorite new bar!Complete selection of drinks.  Pleasant patio for the warehouse disyrict, though there is considerable traffic noisefrom the nearby Crescent City Connection.  It takes some effort to find nearby parking.  Good place for large groups, though people need to talk over the noise.  Feels like an oasis compared to most other bars in the area.The outdoor seating was the only thing that was good about this place. Stood at the bar to get drinks for a long while before I was even acknowledged. Bartender was busy waiting on customers who just walked into the bar, who weren't even ready to order. Whatever I'll take my business elsewhere!Tucked away in the CBD between warehouses and apartment buildings sits a little oasis. Though I perceived this bar to specialize in cocktails like the rusty nail, this a neighborhood-after work-Alabama fan joint. Lots of locally crafted beers on tap and a large, lush courtyard with lots of seating and TVs.Had a silent auction event here for NOLABulls MSRide fundraising.  Apparently there was some miscommunication and we were placed in the parking lot instead of one of the marked off areas.  But we made do and had a hell of a time.  The Rusty Nail was gracious enough to donate some of the proceeds for the night to our cause.  And the event went on without a hitch.My fiance and I had reserved a space on the outdoor patio for some drinks with 50 of our friends - yes, 50. David of the Rusty Nail was able to accommodate our group and made our night very special. This place is great as you order drinks from the bar and can order food from local restaurants and food trucks. At other places in the area, they typically want a credit card for the whole party with waitress service. That is great for some people, but the Rusty Nail allows you to order your own drinks on separate tabs. This was perfect for our group. We had perfect weather and when it was time for another party to move into the patio space, Ivan was very accommodating and grabbed our group a couple of large patio tables. We had so much fun there and definitely would recommend it for large groups. Thank you David and the Rusty Nail team!All around great bar.
The staff is always friendly and attentive. The outdoor patio has a great ambience. And Tuesday night trivia is always a blast.Oh Rusty Nail. Thanks for being you. I don't know what I would do without my trusty neighborhood bar, besides go home before 2 AM. 
The vibe of the Rusty Nail is not what you are expecting when you initially happen upon this place. Kinda dark, yes. Behind the warehouse condo, yes. Is this a dive bar? No it most certainly is not a dive, despite some people's allegations.
The inside is cozy, the outside has a great patio. Both have excellent vibes. It has great music acts here, along with Opera on Tap when it's in season. Also, I like the food trucks and pop up kitchens that visit often. 
Drink prices are on par with the area, except the Crispin Cider draft. For some reason it costs $7 here where everywhere else it's $5. Also, like Lindsay A., I love me some Disco Lemonade... sweet disaster awaits......In the spirit of full disclosure I have to say I honestly miss the previous bar at this location, the Mermaid (that was a super dive bar nearly on par with Snake'n Jakes for sheer shady dive awesomeness with the addition of cool live music a la Saturn Bar like).  They did quite an extensive renovation of this space and it looks all very shiny, new, and Warehouse Districty like now with none of its past dive glory remaining.  This is the headquarters of all things associated with the University of Alabama and they have nearly all their local events here.  During college game days this place will be at least 99% Alabama folks and a whole lot of them any other time.  They do have food here but I've never sampled any of it but it looked like some decent outdoor grill type fare.  They have a nice outdoor patio and it is great that they are non-smoking inside.  Parking can be very tight and often a pain in the area so I usually try to park farther away and walk a bit to avoid the congestion and crazy parking people do that often block other cars in.  So far I've had ok times here but nothing close to the fun I used to have at the Mermaid Lounge.Great selection of drink, friendly staff, awesome outdoor patio, and plenty of tvs to watch all the big games. I'm currently watching the NBA Finals, Cope America, and the College baseball regionals. Can't beat that my dudes. Check this place out.It's a hole in the wall place.They take tables out to have people standing for dancing with the live bands they have!Once we were comfortably ensconced at a table on the patio at The Rusty Nail, beers in hand, I looked around and realized that I felt like we were sitting in a friend's backyard. Not that all of our friends' yards have palmetto trees decked out with string lights -- just that it was a comfortable, low-key atmosphere that takes advantage of one of New Orleans' finest attributes: year-round outside weather. The owners have taken care to make it feel outdoorsy, with lots of plants and trees to absorb the scent of beer and frying oil. There was a semi-private area off to the side where some nicely-dressed girls were celebrating a 30th birthday party with balloons and cocktails. A group of guys was playing darts in the "Mermaid Lounge." Neon signs added ambiance without seediness, thanks to the green everywhere. Of course, some of the patrons got a little rowdy, but that's the case at most parties, right?
My biggest complaint is all the televisions: I don't understand why people go out if all they want to do is stare at a screen, and I don't like that many establishments encourage it. Thankfully, the volume was low, but they were still a distraction, especially outside. It would be much nicer to just hear and see the other people out for a beer on a warm New Orleans night. Speaking of beer, they had some great local microbrews; I didn't order the drinks, so can't comment on the service, but the guys returned quickly each time so it must have been relatively efficient. I will also say that the interior is just what you would expect from a name like "The Rusty Nail:" oppressively dark with the suggestion of widespread grime. Thankfully, if the weather is nice, all you have to do is walk through it to reach the oasis on the other side.The courtyard is amazing. They have an unexpectedly large beer selection. I only wish that they served food. They accommodate hungry patrons by having food trucks. Also Magazine st, Pizza will deliver to the courtyard or in the bar. Drink and be happy.My experience may be a little different as I rented out the venue for a private event for some of our advertising clients who were in New Orleans for a conference. But still, I wanted to rave about the expertise of the staff and the awesome venue itself.
David who helped coordinate the event while I was still in DC was amazing to work with. He answered even the smallest detail question with patience. The bar staff for the event (Ben, Nathaniel, Logan) were engaging and, like true bartenders, had great knowledge on suggesting drinks for my guests. Chris, our on-site contact was intent on making sure everyone had a great time. And that they did.
The inside is a great true sports bar with multiple TVs and a myriad of games. The patio is relaxing and luckily our day was not too hot and had a light breeze.
We hosted several food trucks off the Rusty Nail patio for food for our guests. David again helped me with suggestions on good food. All the trucks were delicious. My guests were astounded by the choices and the sizes of the meals.
I could not be more thankful to David and The Rusty Nail team for making our event such a success!The Rusty Nail is my go-to neighborhood bar.  The staff is friendly (what's up, Lee!?), the scotch selection is great, and the patio is amazing.  It also doesn't hurt that it is walking distance from my apartment...
I have taken my parents, coworkers, and out-of-town friends here, and everyone has enjoyed themselves.  The patio is key for nice warm NOLA evenings!  And, you can bet the televisions are playing the relevant sporting events of the day...  The crowd is chill but diverse:  I can come in dressed up or down and yet not feel out of place.  And a food truck parked outside!?!
All in all:  solid.  Rusty nail, don't ever change.
PS-  the Movember mustache competition is some of the best fun I have had in New Orleans to date.This review is mainly for Foodie Call food truck...highly impressed with the quality of food and the extremely unique menu! The boudin biscuit, Brie blt, and the shrimp and grits- I think the best I ever had! Totally think this is by far the best food truck in the city!!! Not an option... A must!!! You're welcome! Boom!Great place for a happy hour when the patio is open and weather is good. Otherwise it can get crowded! Nice staff, good location (you don't even notice the intrastate, even on the patio!), and usually a food truck outside for eats.Fun, chill, clean and friendly. Need I say more. 
I'm not usually a bar-goer, but this place was really fun. The very long bar can accommodate lots of patrons. There are lots of tables and seating areas. All are clean. Menus are readily available on clip boards on the wall. The bar is super well stocked. 
On Tuesday nights they host bar trivia which is super enjoyable. 
I'd come again.Love this corner bar, really chill!We had a private party at the Rusty Nail and had an overall fantastic experience. Our bartenders were really great - very personable, knowledgeable, and quick to get our group served. Zia was terrific in helping us set up the event and made everything easy. The location and the outside patio they reserved for us was very nice and their draft beer, whiskey, and scotch selection is outstanding. Overall, we were very very pleased. Would definitely recommend this place as a chill hangout spot or a place to hold a private event.Perfect neighborhood bar.
Good selection of liquor.
They've been steadily improving the outdoor patio area, which is fantastic on a nice-weather evening/afternoon.Still a big fan of this place EXCEPT during a Saints game. OMG!  I haven't been here before when its that cray cray crowded.  Ugh.  My drinking buddies, SIL & BIL wanted to try the bloody Mary DIY bar and knew it was only on sundays during a morning or early afternoon game.  My glob, this place was packed!  Which I am sincerely happy for the Rusty Nail that they kill it when its game day, but its way too crowded for this big boy.  The lines at the bar looked ridiculous.  Outside is a cash only bar but no seating was left. First come first served. As it should be.  We left and returned to the Westbank and hit Algiers Cheers instead.  Just as much fun but more room and seating. 
Anyways, I wouldn't suggest your first visit here to be during game day. Any other sunday or day of the week is perf.  I still adore this place ;-)Hands Down favorite bar to watch any sporting event. The patio sells itself and there are Tv's literally everywhere you turn. Cocktails are actually made well and they have a good beer selection. For a neighborhood bar, they have some kickass bartenders honestly. I recently took some friends from Austin, Tx. (They claim to have the best patios for drinking) they fell in love as soon as we grabbed a table in front of the big TV for some football. All around nice bartenders and friendly patrons. Five staaahzzzzzFun place to meet friends and watch an Alabama game. Lively with great bartenders and drinks.