Save your vacation money and avoid if possible. This is not why you came to visit New Orleans! Definitely not to eat here. It's only here because you're essentially trapped out of convenience when visiting the WWII Museum which is definitely WORTH it!
Save your money (and appetite) for the real local culinary flavors of Po Boys, Gumbo, Jambalaya, Crawfish, Seafood etoufee, and anything Cajun or Creole which is the real deal holy field when hitting the  Big Easy!
This small joint is way overpriced and overdecorated for what it is. Not much seating, and definitely lacking in flavor, substance, options and flavor (again) to waste your time or your money. You're better off spending the money at the museum souvenir shop!
If you must stop here, do it for the kiddos who will appreciate the ice cream or shakes since it is muggy and humid outside!Cute, old time soda shop attached to the National World War II museum in New Orleans.  Due to the Memorial day holiday the shop was extremely busy, but the service was fast and quite friendly. We enjoyed a root beer float during our break from touring the museum.A large piece of gristle in my pulled pork sandwich was a definite low point. It was also poorly pulled...should have been more shredded and less greasy overall. The tomato basil soup was good but my wife was disappointed with her grilled cheese sandwich as well. Go somewhere else, where they put a bit more care into the cooking.I have never felt worse after a meal. This dining experience fully ruined the second half of my day at this museum.YUM. 
This corner, old fashioned ice cream luncheonette counter inside the WW2 Museum is authentic and sublime. The decor is what you remember: red stools that pop, white marble countertops, friendly, uniformed waiters with caps on. The food is much better. They will do biscuits galore for breakfast, custom sandwiches, like a perfect grilled cheese, thick, wonderful, golden and fine. When was the last time you had a pop tart? Yes, you read correctly! Made from scratch, go for the raspberry filled, topped with pink frosting and colorful sprinkles. Muffins are tender and moist. Cookies bite with might. And ice cream...I can say this is as good as it gets in the South. So many flavors, so little time. Pumpkin, red velvet, bananas foster, oh my. But the staff insists on making me taste this one, that one, taste this one next...oh, the choices. It's enough to cause serious sugar delirium. Thank you, John Besh for this amazing concept. Go and go frequently.I remember visiting the original National D Day Museum when it first opened. There was only one building and now amazingly there are 5 buildings now with more on the way and 2 restaurants. 
Its impossible to see everything at the current complex without getting hungry. I always take into consideration value whenever I select somewhere to eat. The Soda Shop seemed like a casual place to dine for some old fashioned fare.
My daughter ordered a bacon jam burger which was a bit sweet to be a topping for a burger it reminded me of a Monte Cristo without the powdered sugar and deli meat. The price was $10.50 for this and came with chips instead of fries?  I ordered a meatloaf sandwich and it was pretty good it even came with a layer of mashed potatoes. And finally my wife ordered the chicken salad croissant and she said it was good as well. For dessert my daughter had a vanilla ice cream float and we had a sundae apparently all of the toppings couldn't be added because the counter attendant looked at me strange.
The eatery lacks dining space for dining in. I highly recommend that you have someone in your party sit at a table saving your seats while you order or you'll be eating standing up or outside. The crowds are enormous and you will have to wait for your name to be called when your food is ready. They stagger the orders and everything does not come out at once. 
This is a decent option to choose while at the museum other wise you'll pay premium prices to eat at the other restaurant on the premises.Seriously, the cookies are really good! And only 50 cents! Perfect for a mid museum snack. I would try the ice cream next time and the grill cheese too. Wish there were like 2 other sandwich options. But whatever. Cookies!Overpriced  and not very goood.   Ordered the broccoli and cheese soup and for $6 it was served luke warm and lacked flavor.
Btw a plain hot dog will take a $7 bite out of you wallet.I stopped in here on my long hot yet wonderful walk up Magazine Street.  I ordered the Georgia peach milkshake to go.  While I waited I chatted with the hostess about places to look for go for antiques and she was very nice.  I have to say that the milkshake was really good and it helped me cool down from the hot September sun.Limited menu so we skipped on the food, we ordered a pineapple soda which was disgusting and just syrup and sprite!!! 
Don't waste your time and money! 
Disappointing and gross, go somewhere else for an authentic soda!!Lots of tasty treats in here and the ice cream is tasty but overpriced.  The desserts all look good but the sandwiches didn't really look all that great.  I will most often opt to just go to the nearby American Sector instead of this place as it seems to just be more of a place for the tourists going to the WWII museum and priced accordingly.Decent light fare, nothing special. $10.50 for a grilled cheese, chips and soda. Best thing was the fest bourbon creme sodaI appreciated a quick-service/to-go option near WWII museum.  Admittedly, at 10:57am on a Sunday (right before breakfast ended at 11), they were out of grits and bacon.  They were also slammed with other patrons waiting to get into the WWII museum.  On the plus side, it wasn't horrifically expensive, and I was able to take the food to-go.
I ordered:
1. The breakfast sandwich, bacon, scrambled eggs, cheese (~$6)
2. Zen tea ($2.25/16oz)
Maybe I got the last of the bacon..I loved the pineapple soda! It was like stepping back in time to when my grandparents would go to the soda shop to hang. Should be a must on your visit to the WWII museum.Pretty expensive for basic sandwiches and soups.  We paid $20 for two small cups of chili and two sodas.  Also, not quite sure how a place can call itself a "Soda Shop" and then not even have basic fountain sodas.  Overall, pretty lame.  Grab food before you come to the museum.Ice cream shake is nice in flavor, but it's pricy for the size.  Don't necessarily need a refill.This place  is just a very happy place. The staff is pretty young in my opinion and just so happy and sweet as well as helpful. They help you make yummy decisions and just so energetic that it makes me want to smile.
The Soda Shop's  motto should be "love in a cup" or something because those milkshakes are heavenly. I had a banana foster milkshake like no other. It was just so fresh, its rare you can taste just how fresh something is and the flavors were divine.  I could probably drink on such a tasty treat with whip cream all day if my body would allow me. Didn't get a chance to try the food yet, but everyone around me has delightful meals. This is definitely a great place to go solo for a treat for you or even a cool day-time date.I've tried Soda Shop for lunch and I've tried Soda Shop for breakfast.
I've tried enough Soda Shop for this lifetime.
A high-concept Besh venture, the place is supposed to serve period-accurate cuisine. Turns out that culinary progress has actually been a good thing. Their pork sandwich is bland and mushy, and their breakfast biscuit sandwiches are crumbly and skimpily filled. 
While the menu is straight out of a museum, the prices are straight out of a museum gift shop. Locals aren't going to be swinging by for the food with more viable options a few blocks away. 
Don't be led astray by the Besh seal of approval. In his tightly controlled culinary empire, this joint is the weakest link.Good place, good food, nicely decorated. Lead person might take a people skills class, but she was working hard. It was closing time on New Year's Eve (2014), so she had a better place she wanted to be.This is the second restaurant with John Besh's name on it that has disappointed me tremendously.  The girls at the counter acted like it was a burden to take your order, the food was so-so AT BEST, and the menu was seriously lacking as well.  There were three breakfast options to choose from, and none of them were appealing or worth eating.  It's doubtful that Mr. Besh has even stepped foot in this establishment.  I'm pretty sure his flunkies came to him with a concept and he signed off on it without taking much interest in the project.  (Which makes me sad, because I am a fan.)  Don't go there for the food.  Go there because you went to see the WW2 museum exhibit and you can't possibly walk the half-mile to the closest eatery before you pass out.  Better yet, just call a cab and have them take you somewhere else.This place is pretty good for a fast meal after taking in the children's museum. We visited recently after taking our almost 3-year-old to see the children's museum, which is just a few blocks away. I like that this restaurant has a separate entrance from the WWII Museum, which it's a part of. It was super busy when we went, but they had extra seating in the Ford Theater part of the museum. We basically had that theater to ourselves and had a quiet lunch while watching old USO films. That was a nice change of pace after the hustle and bustle of the children's museum that morning! The food was ok, not great, but it hit the spot when needed and before we left, we got a yummy cookies and cream milkshake that was excellent. I'd certainly stop back in for a quick bite when I'm out nearby being a tourist. I don't think I'd seek this place out specifically to eat, but it's a great option when you're sightseeing in the area. We'll probably hit it up again when we see the WWII museum!my husband and I wanted to grab a quick breakfast before we went to the museum. we ordered their egg sandwhich, muffins and some other pastry that had cranberries in it and to my surprise everything was delicious. I believe they make their own pastries and it was very fresh. My husband who drinks starbucks coffee all the time loved their coffee as well. If you are looking for a good food to grab quickly and don't want to wait in line in all the other places then you will love this place for breakfast/My wife and I went to the Soda Shop after my feet gave out from touring the Museum all day. I ordered a club sandwich and my wife was about to order. The very friendly and helpful woman behind the counter said that we might want to share the sandwich because it was pretty big. My wife said "Sure!" before I could say a thing.
Now, being a man, I really hate sharing food. I thought no way this club will fill me up. I sat there somewhat annoyed waiting for the order. Well, this may be the first time I have ever said this, but it was plenty big enough for two people. In fact, it could feed some families of four!
The club sandwich was excellent and I like that it was on a different type bread than toasted white bread. And the shakes were wonderful.
If you visit the French Quarter, don't miss the WWII Museum and the Soda Shop!It's a cute place, it looks like a stereotypical 50s soda shop and the food is pretty reasonably priced. The deli sandwiches are standard fair. It would be nice if they had something signature New Orleans but it will do if you're looking for an energy boost to dive into the museum.We ordered some food and shakes to go one afternoon. I had the white bean hummus sandwich and lemon shake and he had the Italian sub and a Bananas Foster shake. We waited about 15 minutes for the food, which was fine because it was busy. The shakes we got much faster. They were delicious. The lemon was the ice cream special for that day and it seemed perfect in a shake. It was both tangy and sweet. Mark's Bananas Foster shake was also just as intense and flavorful. 
The food was just okay. It was more than enough for each of us, but there wasn't anything special about either of them. I would definitely come back just for that shake though!Feeling nostalgic after going to the WWII museum or like me just staying in the neighborhood and need a quick bite or treat. This place with certainly take care of the nostalgia even if the food doesn't live up to the standard they had in the 1950's.
Service: while there were three counter people, all very young, they all seemed to be a contest to see who could be slower or more sullen. It was dead when I went in there but it got more busy after a while and they moved just as slow. Also they don't bring the food to the table just call out the names and they weren't the clearest of speakers. 
Food: I was too late for the make your own biscuit breakfast so I got another southern favourite, pimento cheese and ham grill sandwich (7) which was tasty but nothing special. I also got a lemonade that tasted like it was from a mix and a single scoop of ice cream. The ice cream was way too sweet.Overpriced, blah food.  unfriendly, perfunctory service. I didn't think you could get a bad meal in NOLA until my husband and I split a chicken salad croissant sandwich while touring the museum. Sandwiches are pre-prepared and taste it. Chicken salad was dry and without flavor served with wilted lettuce on a stale croissant. 
This place should be closed down or at least not associated with the wonderful museum.
The only good things are the two murals done by Robert Dafford- true works of art. Shame they are partially covered with a jukebox and stacks of high chairs.This is one of the worst restaurants I have ever been too. The food was horrible. The cheese on the grilled cheese was sour. The hot dogs wee dry and nasty. The food made the family feel queasy. The was way over priced. This is a horrible touch and represents the museum terribly the only good thing was the decorations.Food was just alright. I came in wanting a burger and a milkshake and you would think a 50s soda shop would have that right...wrong. I got their BLT and chocolate shake and it's was $17. No sides just a small shake and sub par BLT. AvoidYou wouldn't think you'd be getting quality baked goods and coffee in a museum, right? Let alone soy milk in your coffee. 
Walk in to The Soda Shop and it's a fresh-faced 1940s teenager's dream. All decked out like an old fashioned ice cream shop or drug store. Jimmy Stewart, I know you're lurking around somewhere back there!
For the entire time you're in here, you forget about modern dietary concerns and return to a more simple time when people just ate and indulged from time to time. None of this "should I really be eating a giant cinnamon roll for breakfast?"  or "Is that full fat ice cream with actual sugar in the milkshakes?" (OK all but the whole soy milk for coffee thing:)
Coffee is good. Cinnamon rolls are insanely good (fresh hot and sticky!) And those homemade Pop Tarts. Yes, you read that right. Homemade strawberry pop tarts with the icing, jammy center and buttery crust...
Golly.On the expensive side. Workers are incompetent. You're a bit of a captive audience while you visit the WWII Museum. Later we found a restaurant "Butcher" two blocks south that is Great!Terrible. Grilled cheese for $7.00?!?! A terrible grilled cheese too. There are too many great places to eat in New Orleans to waste time and money here.Wanted to go here because of Chef John Besh's association and because we liked dining at the American Sector but did not like our dining experience at all. The cashier was slow and the line to order was chaotic. The patty melt, tomato soup, chili cheese hot dog, and vanilla shake were all not that good at all-- so much so that my husband and I stopped eating half way through-- which never happens. Wish I could have said differently.High prices, average food, but when you're trying to see everything at the National WWII Museum, location means everything and the Jeri Nims Soda Shop is it.  Couldn't even spare the time to go to the American Sector restaurant around the corner.  
My roast beef debris po boy sandwich was actually pretty tasty.  I just love the Zapp's potato chips.  
Extra cafe seating in the back of the theater across the hallway.  The theater shows some great filmed presentations and is worth checking out.Went by The Soda Shop at the National World War II Museum because we heard they were newly open and serving 10 cent ice cream scoops. I got all dolled up  (vintage dress, put my hair up in rolls, etc.) for 'em and everything.
Apparently only 'til 4. 
We got there a little too late (like 4:17). Had we realized there was a time limit, we would have been more punctual. Totally our bad. That's why I'm giving them 2 stars instead of one.
Not only were they not serving 10 cent scoops at 4:17, they were NOT really giving ANY service ( we walked in, weren't greeted when we went up to the counter where 3 people were standing. After standing there for a minute, the 2 in conversation closest to the register barely looked up, with the guy nodding and saying, "hey." before going back to his conversation with the other employee).    How about a, "Welcome to the Soda Shop. I will be right with you."? Nope....
I perused the ice cream case, trying to do the polite thing and wait a moment to get service. The ice cream looked pretty bad;  they were all really melted around the edges of all the containers, like maybe they hadn't gotten the freezer to work right yet. 
I soldiered on, looking back to the guy behind the counter. I caught his attention, and he kinda just looked at me, WITHOUT saying anything. No, "May I help you?" Nor, " Don't you look vintage!" Nor even, "Hi." He just stared...
I broke the awkward silence by asking about the 10 cent cones. He finally spoke, saying, "That was only 2 to 4." No apologies. No, "I'm sorry you missed it. May I get you something else?" Nada...
...
So, we left. 
Bad first impression for a first day open....Just rude people. Spend your money elsewhere. I wish they would be a little more informative. I asked 1 question and the lady acted like I was ruining her day. Then she purposefully moved to hand me the change directly over her tip jar instead of handing it just to me.Had an old fashioned chocolate malt, it was great.I found the food to be overpriced, but the atmosphere had a cool 50s diner feel to it.My office is two and a half blocks away on Lee Circle, and I must confess that I like to duck my head in here for lunch before things tend to ramp up at the 12 o'clock hour. As I wait for the tomato sandwich to perhaps make a return during the summer, I do like the Hot Sicilian and a large nectar soda. Clever idea to put capers & artichokes in the salad on said sandwich. One of these days, I'm going to get a milkshake or a sundae, but that day hasn't yet come. Always feels a little more than I want to pay for lunch, but I will say that the food is great and doesn't disappoint. Try the nectar soda; you'll be pleasantly surprised.The faster food choice in the WWII museum.  They do open before the museum so a good place to get breakfast.  A tad high in price.  Staff wasn't that friendly but not rude.  I guess they were to the point.  They made what we ordered really quickly.  The coffee was really too hot to drink and no drinks are allowed into the museum.  We had to wait for a bit before we could drink it.  You can get to the shop without going into the museum.  There is no entry required into the museum to eat here.The Soda Shop in the WW2 Museum is a great place to have lunch while spending the day at the museum.  You don't have to venture out in traffic and waste a lot of time parking.  It's right in the museum complex.  Easy Peasy.
I ordered the Chicken Salad Croissant ($9.95), and loved it.  Yes, the croissant was fresh and soft, and the chicken salad exactly the way I expected it.  The place was slammed, and seating was scarce, but somehow, someway I had a great lunch there.  
And yes, I loved the "malt shop" decor.We ordered a blackboard special, a meatball sub with provolone, which came with a bag of Zapp's chips for $10 including tax. Order and pay at the counter and find a seat. You get a decent tasting sandwich, but it's only a 6 inch sub. Tiny meatballs, but at least they were tasty. Nothing special here. My main complaint, too much money for what you get.This place is new, but has a lot of kinks to work out.
I got the bananas foster shake which was delicious, but everything was downhill from there. The chicken sandwich that I got was terrible. The bread it came on was gigantic and overshadow what was between it which may have been a good thing since it was dry chicken and canned avocado spread. I was expecting fresher ingredients from a Besh joint.
They only serve Zapp's chips for a side which is in complete disagreement with the shop's intention of being something out of the past. Zapp's chips in foil bags in the 40's and 50's? I think not.
They also need to turn down the AC. And I noticed they had a speaker system, but there was no music.
Just don't go in expecting a typical Besh experience and you'll probably be ok. I wouldn't go back for anything but ice cream, and I would only do that if I happened to be in the area.The Soda Shop is a cute throwback to the 50's. It is located in the National WWII Museum.
It's cool that I had uploaded my pics when I was there in September 2014, but didn't do a review. I'm here to fix that issue. =)
I had spent five hours walking, absorbing, and learning so much during my time at the museum. I was hungry and needed some lunch. I saw this place and went in.
The air conditioning in this eatery was highly efficient. If you get cold easily, you may shiver while enjoying your food.
The person at the counter was friendly and helpful. I ordered a chili dog. I got shredded cheddar cheese on top. It also came with chips and a drink.
I got hooked on Zapps potato chips on this trip. The brand is local to New Orleans. They are kettle-style chips and are yummy. I went with the regular and it complimented my chili dog nicely.
I love a good hot dog. Put chili on top and I am a happy camper. Sure, it was messy, but it didn't bother me. I was armed with napkins. I enjoyed my meal. It hit the spot.
Prices here are higher than you would pay at a food court, which wasn't surprising. When you are hungry and you don't have any wait time, it all works out.
(55)we missed the breakfast menu so 3 of us shared the higgins club $11. we were told it was a large sandwich which was an understatement. it is ginormous! quality turkey, bread, produce, and sauce went into this sandwich. at least 4 people can easily share this for lunch.My daughter and I stopped in for some ice cream.
The Soda Shop is located in the National WWII and a great stop to grab a cup of coffee, a salad, a sandwich or an ice cream cone.
They serve Hershey's Ice cream; really good.  The staff was friendly as always.
It is always enjoyable to visit the Soda Shop.Across the street from the World War II Museum, from the outside it looks like an old school 50's diner. But the inside the menu is not like an ordinary diner. They have unique menu items. I got a cheese pimento ham sandwich which was delicious. Next door is a gift shop for the museum so it is kind of weird having in next door. 
The sandwich is pretty good though and I should have not eaten here first before eating at Cochon which is a more popular place. The prices are good and definitely a place to check outMcDonalds would have been better. Ordered the Hot Dog Devil Dog, it was cold cold and tasteless. Would not recommend this place to a starving person.Cute little old fashioned ice cream shop. Stopped in for a ice cream float. We sat at the counter and everything that came out from the grilled cheese sandwiches, to burgers, to chili dogs looked delicious, so was our ice cream float. Friendly and exceptional service.I had the butter pecan milk shake. It was pretty good. We also tried the banana foster. Which was good also;)First, they no longer serve the "Higgins Club". Secondly, to someone who works in New Orleans, when I order a "po-boy", I at least expect it to come with mayonnaise, lettuce, tomato, and maybe a pickle.  Imagine my surprise when I asked for mayo on my Ham and Cheese "po-boy", and was handed a little plastic squeeze tube of mayo.  And it was not dressed, even though that is what I requested, and the bread was dry.    Tourists beware, John Besh has definitely left the building.    There is no way he would attach his name to this.  Better near by, local and less expensive. Ugly Dog Bar-b-que, Butcher, Sun Ray Grill (great salads), Phil's Grill, and Leni's (Mon.-Fri only)Cute place but the food is terrible. I got the chicken sandwich and the chicken was room temperature and tough, the pickled peppers on it were foul and the combination so salty it left my mouth burning. My son got the hot dog with cheese- the cheese was shredded and not melted. My husband got the grilled ham and Swiss, again the cheese was not melted. Given the prices, I expected the quality to be higher. Or at least hot.Strawberry ice cream is rich, creamy like a dollop of buttermilk, and chock full of chunks of bright red berries, glistening in pink snow. The friendly counter staff insisted on my having some. Thank you!It baffles me that this place is in operation in a city like New Orleans - and next to one of the most highly respected attractions we have. The quality of the food is horrific, the prices are unreasonable, and it stands in stark contrast to the museum.
Avoid at all costsI decided to take a coffee break here and got the cafe au lait. It tasted like water; just awful. My companion got the mocha and it was okay. We also got the chocolate chip scone and it tasted store boughtIm quite a fan of this place mostly because of the design and the look of the time. This is kind of like the more casual version to the american sector, and i really do enjoy it. They have pretty good portions for the price, and they don't shiest you. I had family order a cinnamon bun for $3 and it was delicious and almost enough for 2 people. In the morning there is a custom biscuit option that you can make. The biscuits are buttered and have a very smokey taste.
Good place for a casual biteWe didn't try the ice creams but their breakfast items were just horrible.  They don't even deserve one star but I had to give them that because zero isn't an ironIt's a smart idea to have a little treat stop at the end of the WWII museum. My kids were pretty burnt out at the end of the museum and getting them a treat brought their spirits back up because honestly the museum wasn't very fun for them in the least. The vanilla ice cream was great and I love being able to get a coke float instead of root beer.Quick lunch while touring the museum. Polite and helpful staff, decent food, cute decor. Crowded but still had pretty fast service.We enjoyed a nice breakfast prior to spending our day at the World War II Museum. Nice atmosphere, friendly people, and good food!!Great stop after a day at the WW2 museum. Strawberry milkshake was yummy. Latte was good. Almond croissant was perfect.Great location--right next to the World War II Museum. The food is really good, stereotypical diner food--worth the price. Side note: this restaurant is not a "local" diner it is affiliated with the WWII Museum.We enjoyed a grilled cheese sandwich made with both a yellow and white cheese. Grilled on a panini type grill but not flattened. Had a Fest bourbon creme soda that was absolutely delicious. Reminded me of creme soda from days of yore.Thirty dollars for a terrible dry little burger, no fries, and a boring meatloaf and mash. This is overpriced nonsense that is not up to the excellent standard of the rest of the WWII museum. Do not eat here. You are in New Orleans. Eat somewhere else and then come to the museum. Eat at McDonald's and you will still be happier.I ordered a Chai tea. I reminded them I still hadn't gotten it fifteen minutes later, and that I just wanted my refund. The manager was "across the street," and I didn't want to wait any longer. 
Seriously, this place is poorly run.My partner and I walked into the shop after visiting the World War II museum.Immediately a lady started screaming at us to leave and that she was going to lock the door in a few minutes.She refused to serve us and it was 10 minutes shy of 5 PM.Very displeased with customer service. I can understand being tired after a long day and Not wanting to serve customers so close to closing but what I cant accept and don't understand is Nasty tone and attitude I received from the woman. I could not get her name or any other information but she was extremely unpleasant person and I would not dare walk back into this place.First things first... $14 for a grilled cheese sandwhich and probably a 12 oz vanilla shake with absolutly NOTHING else except the small bag of potato chips that came with the sandwich! I know we're basically a captive crowd but come on!
Second, as if the price wasnt bad enough I spent the entire meal at the counter listening to them tell EVERYONE over and over again "sorry for the wait" "sorry for the wait."
I was at the counter the whole time because i NEVER got my entire meal all at once. I spent the entite time walking back up for each item as it was ready. Not our entire big group or something, just me. First the chips, but i was so hungry i ate them while waiting, then a glass of water please after the salty chips, now my lonly grilled cheese, then when im done and ready to go.... "did you ever get your shake?"
Maybe the worst part is when im done and im walking out with my tiny little vanilla shake, across the hall is Soda Shop seating in a deserted theater. Its playing documentaries in a nice big air conditioned hall with plush seats and a few tables in back. Would have been SO nice to sit there and eat my food in comfort but instead everyone is crowded into the tiny shop area because they keep making trip after trip for items forgotten or super slow comming out one by one, item by item.
Did I mention it was a VERY limited menu and didnt even have the pimento sandwich i read about and was planning to get? Limited menu is fine, BUT WHY CANT YOUR MEAL COME TO YOU ALL AT ONCE IF THERE ARE ONLY A FEW THINGS TO ORDER ANYWAY??? 
So bad!! Spend a couple extra bucks and try The American Sector instead!! Wish I had.The customer. Service here is terrible. The women working the register are rude. The service workers in the black shirts that is. The food cook in the white uniform was as cheerful and pleasant.  She came from the kitchen to assist. When I was making my order my cashier kept rolling her eyes and snatching things. When my friend ordered her food. She had said to the same server, I didn't receive my number. The servers response. "Well I had wrote it on the paper." When we received our order, my friend did not receive a straw. I'm calling one of the servers to the counter to ask her for a straw, it was if we had offended her for interupting her day. The customers next to us asked for mayonnaise and one customer even made the comment I was afraid to ask her do another package. Over all bad customer service.Though, it is newly opened the is quickly becoming a can't-miss in the CBD. Since I work in the area I have been a few times already! The pimento cheese and ham sandwich has a little bit of spice to it and certainly doesn't skip on the ham. After, I learned that the pimento cheese is actually house made. YUM! 
Be warned, since this is inside of the actual museum you can expect to wait on line a bit during lunch. My longest wait so far was under 20 minutes from walking in the door to receiving my order. 
What I love most about this joint is that you can get breakfast, too! A quick and much healthier alternative to your average fast-food deal. I opted to do a build-a-biscuit $2, adding bacon $2, adding an egg (cooked however you want it!!) $1, and cheese $1. I cannot recommend it enough! They also had muffin options (change daily) and mammoth cinnamon rolls but I'll have to save those for another visit.
Though the Soda Shop stands where PJ's coffee used to the coffee options are slim. I very much enjoyed my iced coffee with vanilla though and for just over two bucks I'll take that over PJ's anyday!
I try to sample as much ice cream as I can when I go. The ingredients are all fresh Louisiana products when available and made on site. I don't think I can choose between the Banana Foster (omg!) or the Creole Cream Cheese Red Velvet. 
I'll be a very frequent customer at this new neighborhood gem!came here for the ice cream after we visited the WWII museum. the ice cream is hand made, super soft, and super tasty!
i got the banana fosters because a two people recommended it to me. my boyfriend tried the creole red velvet one. i didn't like his b/c it tasted a little salty. i'm not a fan of salty/sweet combos
i love the old diner feel! definitely check this place out!Walked in menu said counter sever, well the server must have disagreed. Those were the rudest people serving customers in all of New Orleans.  We only got 2 milk shakes, my husband said a size, she snapped at him that they only come in one size. I had to walk away. The praline pecan milkshake was wonderful but no worth that kind of service.I stopped by a couple of times for ice cream. There are not that many ice cream shops in that area, so I thought it was a descent option. Both times the service staff were extremely unfriendly and gave not only me, but other people awful attitude. I liked their creole red velvet ice cream the first time. The second time I went, they didn't have it anymore :(
They get two stars for their unfriendliness, and not having what they have written on their board.Ours was really good and a great price. My sons cinnamon roll was amazing! Great breakfast to start our day!!The Soda Shop is a great place to get a quick bite to eat when you are midway through your tour at the WWII Museum. I hear they have great baked goods and sweets, but I have only been for lunch.
This restaurant is much smaller than American Sector and is located in the original museum building near the gift shop. Because it is meant as a quick service type of place, the menu is somewhat small. On my recent lunch trip I decided on a club sandwich. 
The sandwich was good, but used some fancy bread instead of the traditional toast. I do enjoy changing up old classics, but in this case I think the thicker almost bun type bread detracted from the sandwich. A bag of chips came with my sandwich, but the only type available was plain Zapp's. Zapp's is an awesome Louisiana brand with numerous varieties so only offering plain seemed like a mistake.
The best thing about this restaurant is the location. The WWII Museum that started out as the D-Day Museum and has grown into an amazing place. If you are anywhere near New Orleans, you must check it out. If you get hungry and want to keep perusing, this is where you will end up.The Soda Shop is the cutest little restaurant! It's great for a quick lunch or breakfast with friends! The people are really nice and they allow free refills on certain drinks. I had the breakfast sandwich with sausage, egg, and cheese on a croissant and it was fantastic! The croissant was perfectly glazed and flaky. The milkshakes are soooo bomb!!!! And the lemonade isn't too sweet. They're a little pricy but it's okay! Because it's well worth it. I'd totally come here again.After exploring the World War II museum, I wanted to stop by for a milkshake simply because I love old fashioned soda shops. I was hoping for a bit more of an authentic experience though. For example, my cookies and cream milkshake was served in a plastic to-go cup while it would have been more fitting for it to be served in a tall glass with a squirt of whipped cream and a cherry on top. I was hoping for a cute Instagram worthy soda shop photo but it lost some of the punch with a to-go cup. The milkshake itself tasted fine but it wasn't anything special.
I did, however, love the red stools, black and white floor and jukebox in the corner, which all still made for a fun photo op.I was pleasantly surprised about Soda Shop. At first glance, it looks like an old school soda shop but upon reading the menu, I realized that it was more than that. Acclaimed NOLA Chef, John Besh put his name on the door, so I'm assuming it was his idea to make in-house Spam... which I wish I tried. 
Garreth and I split the Pimento Cheese and Country Ham sandwich, and it was way bigger than I expected. We had plans to go to Cochon right after, so maybe eating this sandwich wasn't the best idea, but it was still delicious. I just wish it was a little warmer so the cheese melted through. Whatever... I've had cheese pimento spread cold before so it didn't matter much to me. I'm still wondering what home made spam would taste like...Cute place food is ok but nothing special and a little overpriced .
I had the chicken Caesar salad which comes with packaged dressing in a box but had a lot of chicken and shaved Parmesan. 
My wife had the burger which was ok 
Overall it would be 3 except that was not a $10 salad or and $11 burger.I was disappointed to find the white bean hummus sandwich is no longer offered. It was the only reason I went today. We were told the turkey avocado was premade. It was --the guacamole was going brown and the bun was tough. A family member bought the club which was big enough for four people. We were told the only drinks available were water and tea. Service was fairly prompt but sullen. Why? This could be a great place to eat.We took a break from touring  the World War II museum to have lunch at the soda shop. It was rather crowded when we were there about 12:30pm on a Friday. One gets in line to order food. Then you wait for your number to be called and pick up the food. Good was  ready amazingly fast. We had grilled cheese sandwich and chili dog.