I was pleasantly surprised by how delicious the pizza was at Theo's. The crust and sauce were so buttery smooth and divine. Like nothing I've ever tasted...And the beer selection is quite cultured. That's all i tasted there but definitely worth a repeat visit.I love both locations of Theo's pizza.  Hands down best pizza in the city.  And that's coming from a aficionado.    Back when I was preggo, I made my BF endure (he's not a fan of Marinara, tummy issues) something of a "pizza tour" of NOLA.
Theo's is what I call "throw back" Pizza Hut.  It reminds me of what pizza hut tasted like when I was a kid, 20 something years ago.  Back when the hut used better ingredients.  
The pizza is wood fired, thin crust.  The cheese is of very good quality and the sauce is just the right amount of sweet, spicy, tangy.  I always just get the pepperoni.  It is so good, with plenty of pepperonis and cheese.  They have specialty pizzas and all different kinds of toppings and sauces to choose from.
I also get the goat cheese and pecan salad.  They aren't at all stingy with the goat cheese.  I heart this salad.  They have Caesars and some others salads, but I don't wanna mess with perfection, so I've never even really payed that much attention to the other options. 
Food tends to take a little while- 20 or so minutes, but they will let you call ahead and start cooking it for you. 
Parking is a bitch.  They have no lot, and that park of Canal doesn't have that much to offer with street parking.No No I never tried that sweet spinach salad anyways I just get pizza whenever I go in there (I know obvious... Would've been more fun if I went to a pizzeria to get some salad) 
So far I've only gotten cheese and pepperoni pizzas. I seriously am in love with this place. I love the staff too, it's right in my neighborhood too.Theo's is a nice little neighborhood pizza joint. They have a lot of specialty pizzas, a good beer selection, and a nice atmosphere. They have outdoor seating for nice days and typical pizza parlor arcade games for the kids. 
My favorite pizza is the bacon and blue cheese... it's delicious and well complimented with an oil base rather than marinara. I get it every time I go! 
BOTTOM LINE: A unique pizza place in NOLA that sets itself apart from other pizzerias with a cool atmosphere and a good menu selection.Goat was very happy with hippy pizza here it is very good.  Goat was a good Vegan and left off the delicious looking cheese and just got sauce and veggies and was very happy with the flavor.  The very tasty crisp crust here makes this some of the favorite pizza the Goat has had anywhere in New Orleans.  Very nice and gentle people work here and they have nice space to sit in.  The Goat will return to this nice place with pleasant gentle people often!Solid pizza. Nothing to write home about, but if your looking for good pizza its worth a stop.So I still give Theo's an A-OK, but I wanted to add a few critiques. 
1. Their "Weekly Drink Specials" are Monday-Wednesday only. Hello? What about Thursday & Friday?! The rest of the weekdays need love too!
2. The pizza is really expensive for the portion size. I split a large with my boyfriend and we only got 3 slices each. 
3.  The taste doesn't always fulfill its potential. They have creative combinations with fresh ingredients, but for some reason the flavors don't always come together. We ordered the new West Bank Special (tomato sauce, crumbled bacon, chicken, roasted red peppers, jalapenos, pineapple & mozzarella). Somehow, all those ingredients created a flavorless pizza. I don't know how, but it did. The pineapple was the strongest flavor, which is the flavor I like the most anyway so I didn't mind too much. I wasn't in love with it though. 
Theo's sustained it's three star rating from me because of the atmosphere, drink selection, and the giant soda cups that are bigger than my face (with my favorite crunched ice!). The celebrity table markers are also incredibly fun! BUT the pizza flavors just aren't consistent enough for me, yet, in the end, I'd still eat it.Awesome food, great drinks.  Great gluten-free pizza!  Highly recommend.I enjoyed the sweet spinach salad very much the small was delightful before the pesto veggie sandwich. I didn't understand the "pesto" maybe it was their take on pesto I was thinking of a pesto spread but it had fresh spinach, fresh mushrooms, pressed warm there was some roasted red Bells in there and artichokes. The rosemary in the rosemary ciabatta wasn't really subtle in my opinion and i doctored the sandwich up with lots of salt, pepper flakes,-, and Parmesan cheese from inside. Maybe there was supposed to be pesto spread on the bread? It was my first time having this sandwich. I'll ask about it next time or try something else. Bland or needs garlic or like I said, a homemade pesto spread please.Best pizza in the city!   Hard to top the Pota Supreme but the monthy pizza specials are normally great too.Recently moved to Mid-City from Uptown.  i miss the superior music scene but we do at least have plenty of places to eat (which is a blessing and a curse for me.)
i was never really sold on Theo's...but now i realize you should just order the pizza of the month.  it's the cheapest one on the menu and usually awesome (blackened shrimp this month!)  i'm also gonna have to check out their lunch special...
i love the table markers...last time i ate in, i got David Byrne!On point!  the pizza is delicious and staff is always friendly!  They have been slow every time I have ever went to eat here, but the food is worth the wait.  The problem with wait is if you have kids...they get bored!  There is one old pac-man machine for kids to play that works about 50% of the time and other times... doesn't.Been here a few times. Maybe I'm a pizza snob, but this pizza is not very good. Nice atmosphere.I'm pleased to announce that Theo's now has a pizza that they call "The Veganator." I'm pretty sure this pizza is just a big, huge pizza topped with every single vegetable they have in stock. Skip the peppers unless you really like it hot; the roasted garlic is where it's at. In time, I hope Theo's will invest in Daiya cheese, just to amp up their selection a little more. I also have to give props to any place that has Abita root beer available with crumbly little ice cubes. The pizza is crusty, filling, and they don't skimp on the toppings. Win-win.Pizza crust tastes like CARDBOARD and pizza itself lacked flavor. Wasted $20 here...run from this place.Theo's is absolutely fan$#%^tastic!  I love it so much!  I have been here so many times I can't count.  I am not sure that I understand the poor reviews from others because I have tried many many pizzas at other places in and around New Orleans and it's very rare that they can match in quality.  They have never messed up our order.  I often order a green pepper and onion pizza, my husband gets pepperoni, and we get the jalapeno breadsticks.  They have quirky signs for each table and the staff is very friendly.  Can't say enough good things about Theo's!The food is delicious, and the service is very accommodating. The variety of the pizzas keeps you coming back. A little bit of everything for everyone. Get the jalapeno cheese bread.Upon walking into Theo's on Canal Street, the smell of fresh pizza brings me back to my days as a wee lad at ShowBiz Pizza. Fortunately, unlike Showbiz, there are no animatronic shows to scar me for the next 30 years. The dough is fresh, they offer a wide variety of toppings, flavorful pizza sauce, and the crust is crispy. Salads and wings are great, especially the sweet spinach salad and the thai wings. If you go with the hot wings, the creamy italian dressing that comes on the side is superior to the ranch and/or blue cheese at most wing establishments. They also have some delicious looking brownies, cookies, and a great beer and wine selection. Overall, this is a solid pizza parlor with great non pizza items.One of the best chill places I've ever been! I ordered the meatball sandwich on wheat hoagie bread. This place is friendly and open to families and large parties. It's less intimate so this is for a casual date.I love this place. Had some delightful meatlovers style pizza here recently. It was fresh and yummy. I loved it and the crush was just right; not too thick but enough to give you a little extras. It does also help that Wednesday was $10 Bottle Wine Night. The table thoroughly enjoyed.Between Baton Rouge and New Orleans this is probably the best pizza place that I've been to so far. Its not easy finding decent pizza in Louisiana but maybe I've just had bad luck and keep going to the wrong places.. but this place is one of the few that I will return to.  Plus there's a few cute waitresses that will provide great service and there very friendly.I can't hide my disappointment. Getting pizza delivered to my house is nightmarishly hard, and Waitr's been teasing me with my favorite pizza joint available... just not to me. I decided to try Theo's because the reviews looked good, but it's just so underwhelming! The crust is bland -- almost like cardboard, really -- and the toppings themselves are incredibly generic. The cheesey bread also managed to be entirely forgettable. I wouldn't recommend this to a soul.My girly and I are a mixed couple. She's a quasi veg-head pizza lover and I hate red sauces but love me some dead animals.
Theo's sort of took care of both sides of our little family. 
Pros: 
Nice space. 
Girly said the pizza was ok (if a bit pricy).
Clean bathroom (IMPORTANT)
Good size drink glasses
Silly celebrity table markers.
Cons:
My chicken wings were so salty that I drank two giant glasses of tea just to get them down and my blood pressure sky-rocketed. I think they actually salt the wings on top of the salty hot sauce. They were ok otherwise. Nothing special but not too bad.
Ordering at the bar. I hate ordering at the bar. Let me sit down out of people's way and order my food without feeling rushed.
Stuffed bread sticks were boring. Not even the jalapenos could make them anything special. I mentioned when ordering that I didn't like red sauce...It came with a giant side of red sauce (Seriously enough for an entire 14' pizza).
A little pricy for my tastes
Overall...
For a non-pizza person, it's never going to be a mecca. For a true pizza freak, it may disappoint a bit. For the average Joe Schmoe, it will probably be just fine.
I wouldn't go back but my girly would..so that means we will go back. She's a redhead so I have to do what she says.This is great thin crust pizza. We love the Mid City Location. When I want a thin crust pepperoni pizza Theo's is a must. They are super family friendly and offer a very cool vibe.This place is sooooo good! I think I've found a new favorite. Go for the Westbank special!Awesome service and the Gluten free pizza crust was amazing!!! Very clean and great atmosphere!!I have been coming to this Theo's location on Canal in Mid City for many months now. The pizza and everything else I have ever tried there is simply fantastic. (big ,FRESH salads with lots of great ingredients and can we talk delicious, toasted, HUGE sandwiches for reasonable prices?   The Meatball sandwich left me in a food coma once.. 
  I once tried their Reuben sandwich and it was incredible!  BIG -sandwich, fresh corn beef, super-tasting sour kraut and the Rye bread the sandwich is made with was also top notch.  
I am usually there with a large group of friends, on Tuesday night for an hour or so.  They also have an 80's- style stand up Ms. Pacman /Galaga video arcade game which I always must play at least one round on.  It's usually very crowded and quite noisy, often kinda chaotic, which is the only thing that I don't care for..But it's a lively, fun ,neighborhood atmosphere kinda place and that's part of it.   It's mostly a college age-younger-ish crowd and the staff has always been super nice and done their very best. 
Did I mention the wonderful thin crust, gourmet pizzas?  Wow! So many to choose from - to die for every single bite! ..and that ain't no exaggeration.  In a world of  Pizza  mediocrity it's SO nice to have a place like Theo's where I know whatever I order is going to be delicious --and  worth every penny..After perusing the parking lot of the Mid City Juan's last night some friends and I decided that Theo's was a better bet on getting a seat and some food.  We drove by and saw that outside seating was available and on such a gorgeous night that felt perfect.  I had never been to this particular location before, so the going up to a counter to order was a bit unexpected, as was the slight issue of not being able to get our hands on a menu until i realized they were hidden in front of one of the checkout girls.
we debated on what to order and settled for splitting a pizza, a salad, and some cheesy sticks.  I ordered a barq's not realizing it wasn't fountain but bottled, which i love, but man i was THIRSTY so i ended up having to order another drink half way through.  we ordered, went outside, grabbed a seat and proceeded to gab at one another for a good long time.  There weren't a ton of customers inside, but this is a good size restaurant divided between dining area in the front and bar in the back so it may have looked deceivingly empty.  when we eventually got the italian salad we ordered i immediately snatched up one of the plethora of artichoke heats on the top of the salad and was immediately upset i'd just smushed the thing into my mouth.  because it was a smush.  there was no crisp, no bite, no anything to this artichoke heart.  not the flavor you get or the texture... i was.... sad. i love some marinated artichoke hears and this was just nasty.  so i mainly ate the lettuce on the salad and left the artichoke hearts to my friends.  there were a few olives sprinkeled about and it was definately coated in dressing, the dressing was good and the lettuce at least was fresh.  our cheesy bread came out then and this was.... not my favorite thing of the evening.  as i had been the one pressing for the order i felt very bad after i bit into one of the pieces.  the cheese was burnt on the bottom where it had obviously melted off of the split in half like a hot dog half a breadstick pieces that came out.  the worst part, the moment i just sort of stared at what i was eating when i realized that taste in my mouth... that slimy processed taste was exactly what melted vegetable shortening tasted like.  as if they had slathered it on the bread before coating the damn thing in cheese.  would it really be that much more expensive to buy butter to use?  i know it's not much worse for my health after all.  booo cheesy breadsticks.
after all of this i was a little less than enthused waiting for our pizza to come out.  we ordered a make your own because when it comes to pizza (having worked in a pizza parlor for quite a bit) i have a thing about ordering house specials the first time around.  i was pretty impressed with the menu options on the make your own, there were a few things i would have liked to have seen, but over all i totally thought we could make this place work. and since i love a thin crust i was ready to like my pizza... well, when we ordered anyway.  when it came out i was wary.  we ended up ordering a white pizza (olive oil sauce not tomato) with mozzerella, goat cheese (i'll order goat cheese any time any place), fresh basil (this did make me very happy to see on the menu), minced garlic (would have gotten the whole but i wasn't sure how they prepared theirs), and meatballs.  so the pizza came out, and it looked good.  it was crispy and not burnt, the cheese did that stretchy thing that cheese does when it's the perfect melted temp and everything seemed in good proportion.  i was very happy when i bit into it.  i was also surprised given what we had earlier, but obviously whomever is making their pizza's knows their business. so... the more important of the menu items definately won my favor back from "i don't care if this is right in my hood i'm never going there again" to "ok... no aps... only pizza".
wait staff was pretty friendly, not overly conversational, but like i said, we were outside so we weren't right in their view.  over all it was an ok experience.  but i'm gonna stick with the pizza there and NOT the cheesy breadstick vegetable shortening monstrosities (so glad we did not order the large order).I really love Theo's for their unique pizza, stuffed bread sticks, or salads.  The specialty pizzas have great combinations that I would never think of on my own - but love eating! 
The service has always been friendly and quick. The Canal Street location also has great, warm atmosphere with exposed brick. 
Parking is pretty tough but it's right on the streetcar line!
They have a new salad with a sweet vinegar dressing that is really yummy and low-fat.This place was surprisingly really good. the crust was very crunchy kinda like a cracker plenty of cheese & toppings. 
There bread stix with garlic & Mozzarella are also good. The waitress this day was  not very friendly but she did keep my drink  filled. Over all I will go back there are some great specialty pizza I would like to try.You know, it's strange.  Pizza is the one thing that I never think to get at a sit down place.  Whenever I do go for pizza, I usually pick Rotolo's because that's the place I'm most familiar with.  When a friend mentioned this place for lunch, I was eager to give it a try.
The first thing that impressed me was the size of the place.  It's really big, so if you have a large group they can easily accommodate you.  The have an extensive menu of all kinds of pizzas from pepperoni to cheese to chicken.  They also have sandwiches, if you are in the mood for something non pizza related.
My friend and I got some cheese sticks (they were actually more like cheese boats- split sticks with cheese in them) that were really good.  We got the "Hawaii Five O" pizza, which comes topped with ham and pineapple.  I had never had pizza with pineapple, but it was actually really good!  The pineapple cooks down, so it's not super sweet or overpowering.
I would love to head back to this place and check out one of the sandwiches.I want to like Theo's, I really do, but every time I order something I'm underwhelmed. I've been in here before for pizzas and sandwiches - all have been good, but Theo's has never been a place I've *Craved*, ya know? Recently stopped in for a meeting during Happy Hour and had a beer and shared an order of stuffed breadsticks. Beer was good (decent selection, clean lines, and a pretty sweet price thanks to that day's happy hour special) but the stuffed bread sticks were lame. It was basically two pistolettes chopped in half with a little bit of cheese and jalapenos thrown on. Fairly underwhelming for anything constituting an appetizer.I love Theo's Pizza!!!  This is probably my favorite pizza place around.  The thin crispy crust makes me a very happy eater.  I enjoy the wide range of interesting combinations they offer.  The Eccentric & the Spicy Mexican are two of my favorites but my usual fix is the Hippy with either chicken or meatballs added.  I always get a side of their tasty marinara to dip my crust into; although often it isn't needed I still love the sauce and will just drink it!  
I also really love their ice as it goes so well with their iced tea and I think it might be the best ice in NOLA and I want to find out what kind of machine makes it as I want one.  They also have good beer and wine specials.  The sandwiches are very tasty but maybe a bit overpriced for their size.  The salads have always been very good also.
I have heard a few negative reviews from some of my friends about the Canal Street location with their crust not being done properly but I've never had a problem here or at the Magazine Street location.  The Canal location is far more spacious but I prefer the Magazine location cause it is closer to my hood.Went to Theo's a few weeks back as many of my local friends had raved about the place.
Couple of things- and maybe its just me, but this is New Orleans, not Alabama or Connecticut,  customers should not have to walk up to a counter to place an order, staff should come to the table and take the order, earn their tip, and give great customer service.
Now one of my friends recommended one of their specialty pizzas, but when I look to rate a pizza place, I like something simple, one topping, cheese, sauce, crust. Don't want too many flavors getting in the way.
1) Topping - Canadian Bacon - excellent flavor.  
2) Crust - very thin, it was good, but like a better version of a Pizza Hut crust for me.  I've never seen a crust so thin that it had air pockets on the bottom.  I like thin crust, but this may be in the "too thin" category.
3) Sauce - pretty good, but not great. Could have been a bit more generous. Had I asked for extra sauce, it would have been better. Should I return, I'll remember, extra sauce.
4) Cheese - Once again, pretty good.  Was expecting a bit more "pull", but that was non-existent.   
All in all, good flavor, not great. I'd try it again if I'm in town, but I'll give Brooklyn Pizza in Metairie my top spot for now. 
Had Mark Twain's not changed ownership, they would be #1. 
Oh, after we got our pizza, no one checked on us to see if we needed more drinks or anything until we had finished the pizza.  That's why I'm not a fan of tip jars.For the nearly ten years I lived in New Orleans, it as a city full of bad pizza and bad burgers; today it has its fair share of good outlets for both, and is the birthplace of one of America's fastest growing pizza chains (which is awful, and I won't bother to stop by and review).  In fact, my favorite pizza during my tenure was served at a local seafood restaurant in the 'burbs.
Today's occasion for venturing out in mid city was to grab a light repast within walking distance of BurgerDogDaughter's domicile, and we sauntered into Theo's, a local mini-chain for pies and craft beers.
Despite rather conventional ingredients and standard Baker's Pride decks, Theo's manages to churn out some really tasty pies; my daughter, knowing me as she does, ordered me a meat and olive combination. Her choice was the "Arti-Garlic", which featured fresh garlic, sun-dried tomatoes, artichoke hearts, feta, peppers and mozzarella.  For a meat-centric guy like me, that was one good pie!  As was the meat one. Mild sauce, chewy / crispy crust, tasty pork products.
They close rather early as pizzerias go.  Worth a stop in the Big EasyGreat thin crust! Flavorful, creative and the Greek salad is especially good as well!I love Theo's on Canal Street.  Great pizza and cold beer.  Went to dinner last night and had the Hawaii 5-oh - excellent.  The crust at Theo's is so crunchy that their pizza's don't get soggy when adding fruit.  
Theo's is a good place to bring the kids.  They also have TVs so you can watch the Saints beat the Vikings.
What is Theo's lacking?  Happy Hour and pitcher beer.  I suppose I can live without them:)~Searched for gluten-free pizza, and arrived at Theo's.  Fresh toppings, and fantastic crispy gf crust!  I'd make this my regular joint if I lived here.  Would also push for a gf beer option...  One sweet cider label, but full wine list.  Really wonderful staff corrected my pizza order screw-up without hesitation.Went in and was told to have a seat at the bar and a server would be back to take order as well as be able to order drinks. Waited and few minutes, meanwhile the line was getting extremely long.  Eventually asked if the person who told us to sit would be back to take our order and was told no that we had to stand in line to order, which was now extremely long.  Being aggravated just ordered a beer... Smh #customerserviceI have hesitated to write about Theo's because I always used to get the same thing- L.A. Turkey Club Pizza and a cold Barq's in the bottle- so I had no way to comment on the rest of the menu. Also, with 2 locations, both of which I like, it was almost as though I were waiting for some kind of inconsistency to stop me short. But thank goodness, with the help of others and a little patience, I have sampled nearly all the specialty pizzas, plus some apps, and I have to say they are ALL incredibly good. At BOTH locations. 
The crust is always light, flaky and unobtrusive. If you like a little heat, go for the spicy tomatoes and anaheim peppers which are always nice and fresh. I love the POTA Supreme, the Hippie, the Eccentric...delicious.  A recent addition, at least at the Canal St. Theo's, is Covington Strawberry Ale on tap. In the frosted pint glass, this is the perfect summer (or winter! it's not seasonal like Abita Strawberry!) beverage. 
Even when there are large party orders flying out of the kitchen, it has never taken more than 20 minutes to get our meal. The staff is friendly and efficient, the restaurant always impeccably clean. This is a great lunch or dinner spot for families, large parties, take out, or date night. It's always a regular on my "I don't want to cook" nights. 
AND since it is on the streetcar line, tourists who are sick of gumbo and want to see a different part of the city should take the Canal Street line up to Theo's for $1 longneck Mondays, $1 draft Tuesdays, or $10 wine night Wednesday!!Delicious pizza. The topings were fresh and generously  loaded. The crust is crunchy  and crispy. If you are a pizza person you should definitely stop by to try this place. You wont be disappointed.I really like everything about this place. It's decor, food, creativity and friendly staff. Four stars because I haven't tried their full bar yet...but in over all, this is a great, cheap place for young people to hang out. Especially since it's near India House Hostel down the road.BEST PIZZA EVER!!! The staff was very friendly. And if you like thin crusted pizza this is the place to go!! The pizza crust and sauce were fabulous. Definitely a place to go if you're visiting New Orleans, or even if you live here. There are seats outside and it is beautiful!!!  COME HERE FOR THE BEST PIZZA EVER!!!Best pizza in town!! They have the best pepperoni pizza....thin, crispy, and  just the right amount of sauce.  They also have great beer and wine specials.....I always go on Monday for the $1 beers.I'm always on the hunt for good pizza. And I found that in Theo's. Reginellis has been a major fail lately so on one of my lazy I don't feel like cooking nights I decided to try it out and picked up a large pepperoni. Initially I told myself I was only going to eat 2 slices, but that too turned into a complete disaster.  Opening up that box and seeing that crispy pizza, two slices turned into three. Then four. Then five. Don't judge me. Even my husband who CLAIMED he wasn't hungry helped himself to the remaining slices. I think you get the point. Theo's is the bizness and if your hesitant about trying them, don't be.Really enjoyed eating here with the family on a Sunday night. We're not from New Orleans, and we were looking for a place to eat away from the craziness of the Quarter.
Service: Order at the counter, and they bring your food to you. The guy that helped us was friendly and knowledgeable. He got us our drinks quickly, even before we had ordered out food (kids were thirsty)!
Beer selection: Small collection of predominantly local beers. They came out nice and cold.
Food: We ordered a couple of pizzas. Best way to describe them was hot & delicious. My youngest has an aversion to red/tomato sauce. They were able to accommodate her needs by making half of a pizza with cheese only.
Anyways, good food and beer. Helpful & friendly staff. If I were a local I would definitely be a regular customer.I've been to the Theo's on Magazine numerous times but never stopped by this one. 
Overall, the experience was good. The restaurant is a bit larger than the Magazine location and has just a few tables outside in the front. There was no wait for tables when we went around 7:30 or 8:00 on a Friday. You order at the bar and seat yourself. I always like their salad that's basically just pizza ingredients on top of lettuce - very basic but fairly filling and tasty. The pesto chicken pizza we had was very good with a generous portion of chicken and flavorful pesto, along with a crisp crust. I've recently had a take out pizza from this location with tons of veggies, which was also very good. 
I'd recommend dine-in or take-out if you want a solid dinner of pizza and salad for an affordable price.Service took forever and they were not busy! Never came to talk to us and apologized for the wait. Will never eat here again.Omg this is such a mellow spot!  The"expert" was delicious! All the meats and the papers I added were fresh and flavorful.  The highlight of the pizza was definitely the crust!  Omg i will definitely return!I just dont get this place.  People always like this place and the pizza is always considered some of the best in the city.  i just dont get it.  i have had it 5 times i bet and never liked it.  always tastes over cooked to me. i just dont like it.  too thin; no crust; average toppings.  (toppings are diced which to me means they arent good).  i just dont like theo's.  
you can go and hangout and get some beers but there are always little kids running around so you can only have so much fun.  i just dont get it.I think they made a mistake and got me a tombstone pizza instead, with extra salt. They get 2 stars since I had a coupon and they honored it pleasantly.Theo's is a cool neighborhood pizza place. This is the pizza place that you grew up with, wherever you grew up. You put your order in at the bar, get handed some pop star picture as your number and take a seat. The pizza is pretty tasty, but pretty standard as far as pizzas go. Pizzas are thin crust out of a pizza oven, good amount of cheese, good amount of sauce, and loaded with good toppings. The service is pretty attentive at this location. I like to hang out here on a weekend afternoon with some friends, get a few beers, order a couple of pies, and chat for a few hours. Theo's is a comfortable and familiar setting where they serve a solid pizza.Ordered a take out pizza and pretzel sticks from Theo's. The employees at the counter were very friendly and polite; I just wish the pizza was better.
I got a five topping large pizza and pretzel sticks. The pretzel sticks were ok but could have used more salt. The pizza was a real disappointment. I got pepperoni, mushrooms, minced garlic, spicy tomatoes, and olives, and it turned out shockingly bland. The tomatoes weren't spicy at all, and even with a good amount of garlic and pepperoni, the whole thing was just generally flavorless.
There's no excuse for bland food in New Orleans, Theo's! I wanted to like you but I don't think I'll be back.Pretty good pizza...I've had the Hawaii Five-O, the meatlovers, chicken pesto and made a meditterean style pizza.  All were pretty good. Service is okay.  I like the musician theme of the numbers for the table when you order.Today 3/1/16   Just ate Chef Justin 's " Spicy Thai Shrimp Pizza" pizza if the month, and it was excellent. Everything on it was fresh. I thought it was going to be frozen shrimp, but I was fooled. It was loaded with crunch and palatable heat. It's worth it. 
If you like a tart grapefruitty taste, go with the beer of the month. I tried to balance it out with a twist of lemon, but it was not to much of  help. What helped was that it was freezing cold. 
Kudos to Chef Justin, the Thai pizza was grrrrreattttttt! MOOMG! This is the BEST pizza my husband and I have ever eaten!!! We are from Dallas, Texas and we came to New Orleans on our second honeymoon and decided to eat like locals. This is by far the best pizza we have had!Really enjoy thier thin crust pizza - we usually get the Atri Garlic (Yummy!!!)  & last time I also got the Sweet Spinach Salad OHMYGOSH SOOOO GOOD!!! the sweetness of the dressing w/ a bit of zing in it - & then the GOAT CHEESE MMMMM!!! so GOOD!!
You order up at the counter & then they bring you your food - if you get ice tea you get a HUGE glass!! 
Nice place - roomy - there's places for larger crowds in the back & 4 seaters in the front - comfortable!
Oh & they have wine & beer . . .  for those that are interested. 
Seems very family friendly as well!So it's pretty hard to go wrong with pizza, but the thin crisp crust of Theo's pizza, for me, is really done right. I can't remember the specifics too well, but they have a lunch special until 4pm, in which you can get a small pizza with one topping (or a sandwich) with a large soda for $8 bucks. Pretty cool deal to go along with the pretty cool hipster vibe of the pizza joint.
I wasn't overly in love with my pepperoni pizza, but the crust did give me something to look forward to as I was munching away on the "body" of the slice. For that reason, the decent pizza and fast service makes Theo's Neighborhood Pizza A-Ok in my book!I am a big fan of thin crust pizza and Theos does it for me.  Usually there once a week and small pizza with ham does the trick.This is a great family friendly restaurant with cheap wine!!!!! Great wine selection and wonderful fresh pizzas.
What makes them special: You don't get a number, but you get a different celebrity picture for your table so they can know your order. How awesome is that! I got Prince, see if you can get him too!
Plus: They have Abita Rootbeer!!!Good pizza, large seating area, and friendly staff. Definitely worth a trip - or hop off of the streetcar and grab a bite to eat.
It's a thin crust with a bit of chewiness to it... not quite cracker-thin. The toppings are fresh (real mushrooms, unlike a few other places in the metro area that used canned) and the sauce is delicious.
If you want an appetizer, you can't go wrong with the cheese sticks. So much cheese, and the marinara is great.
Note: This place is great for kids, but if they are picky, don't get green peppers. 
Usually I order the peppers and just pick them off of her slice. At Theo's, they are diced really, really small. While they taste awesome (to me), I spent more time than I wanted to picking itty bitty chunks of bell peppers off of my kid's pizza. 
Definitely not holding this against Theo's, because it was delicious - just a warning to those with picky 2 year olds.Theo's Canal St is where one of my besties and I always meet up when food is involved.  On our last trip we decided not to get pizza.  Neither of us were that particularly hungry.  We decided to split the spinach salad and the grilled cheese with basil, tomatos and bacon.  It was really chilly out that night so the grilled cheese was perfect.  The salad was plenty large enough of the two of us and came with a ton of goat cheese so we didn't have to fight over it.  The only prob I had with this visit was we had to wait for a table bc there was a party of 30 something people.  We found out that they were supposed to have been put in the back but there was a screw up and another large (but not as large) of a party was seated back there.  So, the party in the front was very loud, had children running around like maniacs and were not planning on leaving any time soon.  It was a good thing we weren't hungry bc we waited a while for a table.  What  can ya so thogh.  It's a family eatery.  Maybe it's time the get a bigger place???  Our timing was good though.  We came in just before a ton of other people with sour puss faces watching us eat in a whirlwind of children.  Weeeeeee!!!We love going to theo's. it's an easy call when we can't decide what we want for dinner or if we don't feel like cooking. We usually get the Meathead or Pepperoni with a Greek salad. Yummy! I also love their pellet ice. :)
Sometimes their seating style is a little weird when they're packed and really busy. That's the only reason they lose a star. Thankfully for them, it doesn't happen all the time.
Recently we hosted a group of 20-25 people and Theo's Mid-City location was very accommodating. Many guests, all locals, mentioned how surprised they were at the space and how they handled our group. That was great!I ordered from Theo's for the first time today and was pleasantly surprised.  Since moving to NOLA, I have been trying to stay away from restaurants with more than one location, but after a few friends kept saying the food was good...I decided to give it a chance.  My choice of Pizza was the Jammers "O"riginal.  It was very well made and I could gel the toppings were fresh.  The crust was perfect, not to doughy and had flavor.  I usually don't eat the end crust, but tonight I made an exception.  I will order from them again.  BTW, the staff was very friendly and courteous.Theos is definitely one of the better pizza chains out there but I still think it has a lot more potential to work with. I ordered their greek salad and an abita and it came out to 15 bucks. If you ask me, thats too pricey for the meal I got. The feta was extremely overwhelming and drowned any other flavors the salad might have had. My friend ordered the new Spinach and cranberry salad that looked a lot better. Their jalapeno stuffed rolls are pretty delicious. Yeah.... nothing that really wows me... it has the potential to be a lot better than your average pizza chain but they settle for average.Theo's is pizza like it should be.  Crispy crust, good sauce and the right amount of toppings.  Good salads too.  
It's family friendly but the parking around this location can be tough to find.Excellent pizza, subs, salads, beer, etc. I'm never disappointed with the food here. I would be disappointed with the consistently slow service but I've come to expect the wait. Usually that alone would knock it down to three stars but they do have a MsPac-Man/Galaga video game so it most certainly helps to pass the time. The celebrity table markers also gives me ideas on what to watch on Netflix or what music to listen to while I'm waiting. Today it's  "X-Files". I also pass the time by writing this review. I had time to proofread it too. 
Food's here!
Happy Eating!I love the pizzas here. It is so delicious even for someone who doesnt like pizzas and hamburgers much like meGreat little local pizza place right off canal mid city. Has good beer specials like Mon and Tue like dollar beers if you buy food.had the spicy Mexican chicken pizza was awesome but will have to try something else next time. Extremely friendly and helpful staff. Don't sit at the bar next to the register the chairs are way to small for the bar.Light, crisp crusts.  Almost cracker-like.  Holds up well to veggie toppings which tend to make most pizzas soggy.  
Highly recommend the Super Soak salad loaded with briney artichokes and olive mix.
Best thing about them:  Always consistent.This place is so great! Wonderful service and pizza. Will definitely be going back soonSo I guess I should say up front that I had the margherita pizza. Yes, basically the blandest pizza you can get--unless you, like me, have a long history with margherita pizza, and have come to appreciate the delicate, refreshing, completely satisfying nature of it. I've had terrible ones and I've had really good ones. Theo's has a really good margherita. If they can do that well, I'm confident their more interesting pizzas are equally well-done. I also LOVED the ambience of their location on Canal. I'm definitely one to buy into the experience and they got me. Pizza places should ALL have exposed brick interiors, am I right? Obviously the TVs ruin it a little bit but they're everywhere now, I swear. Leave the TV at home!! I digress...The food is obviously prepared by all heavy, heavy smokers that don't follow proper sanitation. 
ALL the food smelled so badly of stale cigarettes, it was inedible. It literally smelled my ENTIRE living room of stale smoke to the point I had to bring it all out to the garbage to get rid of the awful smell. I'll never order from here again! Yuck. 
Also, this is what the pizza to go box looked like when I got it. GROSS!This is hands-down my favorite pizza in the city!  The pizzas come on a crispy thin-crust that I absolutely love.  Plus I always look forward to trying their different Pizza of the Month Specials.  I haven't tried any of their sandwiches, but the salads are great too.The pizza was great but the wings were not good. They bake their wings and the skin was too chewy. I would order from them again but just leave off the wings.The house special salad is great. My favorite pizzas here are the westbanker, Hawaii 5-0, and classic pepperoni. The crust is always crispy and delicious.Pretty good little pizza, sandwich and salad joint. I wasn't in the mood for pizza so I had a cheddar and mozzarella grilled cheese sandwich on sourdough instead. I don't usually like sourdough but one of the waitresses recommended it so I gave it a try and was not disappointed. Very cheesy and quite tasty! Definitely recommend trying it. :)
I will go back and try a pizza or another sandwich sometime.
It is tough finding street parking so you may have to walk a little to get to the restaurant!  Enjoy!I guess locations do vary in taste because I had the best thin crust pizza of my life here. Not that the other locations are bad, it was just that this pizza was simply superior compared to other Theo's. The crust was crunchy and not soggy like some thin crust pizzas fall victim to. The toppings were fresh and perfectly distributed around the pizza. It was a win for Canal St.Delicious made-to-order pizza in a welcoming space with a friendly staff.  On the other hand, it is pretty pricey.I love pizza and think Theo's is the best in the city. I like both locations and the couple of tables outside at each. Crispy crust with great flavored sauce.I have not yet tried the pizza here, but have had the meatball sub, and it was terrific.  The meatballs were tender and fresh and the bread was nice & crispy.  I got the lunch special which includes the sub, a bag of chips and a soft drink and it came to $8.78.  I was floored.  You spend $6 to $7 bucks nowadays at crappy fast food joints.  This was real food for less than $9 bucks.
I will definitely go back to this place to try other menu items.I was out in Elmwood when I decided that a takeout pizza was just the thing to make the rest of my evening. And since I'm a big fan of the other Theo's locations, I stopped in. 
This is definitely the largest of the Theo's and if I had a big group, to dine in, then I might trek out to Elmwood instead of to my closer uptown location. The staff was courteous and professional.
The menu seems to be the same at all 3 locations (although I would guess the specials might be unique to location). I'm a big fan of their crust which is thin and crackery like.They have brought their neighborhood comfort to a strip mall. Great lunch specials. Great beer selection (how can you go wrong with $2 PBR?). These guys get it.The pizza is good, but don't ask me why I got the wings. Bad choice. Quite possibly the worst wings I've ever had.Neat place to have lunch or early dinner... great staff.... great customer satisfaction.... even when you have broken chips (which are pet peeve of mines)... they make sure you are satisfied.  I would certainly recommend Theo's for a reasonable meal at great price.  One of my favorite places since moving to NO.  
My main location is Metairie.I was lucky enough to get an invite to their soft opening last night.  Eccentric and Westbank Special were both great.  Had an issue with one of the waitresses who was definitely lacking in common sense, but the issue was made right and not even worth the complaint.  
Seriously excited that I won't have to go to Magazine or Canal anymore when I get my craving for Theo's.Best "Toni's frozen pizza" I've ever had.   The pizza looked and tasted like one.   Here is my rating, which doesn't look good for your man Theo.   In order of least to most desirable.  Mark Twain Pizza, Theo's, Papa Johns, Brooklyn Pizzeria, Slice Pizzeria, Angeli On Decatur, Midway, Pizza Delicious.  I do like the hot wings, they were very juicy and melted in your mouth.   I plan on giving Theo's a try again, next time getting a sandwich.We ordered on Saturday night for pick up.  We had the Rebo's Super Soaked Salad and it was literally soaked.   Way too much.  There were more artichokes than lettuce. So much olive salad.  It was inedible.  We had the expert pizza was great, but it was cold.  I guess we won't be picking up any longer.I love this place!!!  Best thin crust pizza hands down.  I have been going to the location on Magazine for years and I am glad there is one in Jefferson Parish by my office.  Also they have the best lunch special in town, $8 for a pizza and drink.....I can't eat at Wendy's for that amount of money!!I eat here often when I'm here on business. Pizza is first class, poboys are delicious, service is always on point. Price is fair for good quality good and plenty of it.We had a very, very, large party go to Theo's after a school event (around 50 people or more) and late in the evening.  The Theo's staff was amazing!  They were all friendly, accommodating, worked hard, never became grumpy or acted like they were overwhelmed.  I was so impressed with their positive attitude and hard work!  I did enjoy the salad I had as well as the wings.  It was just so refreshing to be treated so nicely especially under taxing circumstances.  Thank you Theo's!Service was good. The Meathead Pizza was very salty. I didn't like the dough either. It was hard... or maybe the pizza was in the oven too long,idk.the service there is beyond slow. waited almost 25 minutes for a pesto sandwich and chips and a pickle. The sandwich was good. hence the 2 stars.We popped in to order a pizza after a movie.  We got the Arti Garlic and added pepperoni.  We are so very pleased with the flavor.  The crust was crunchy yet soft-ish.  The pepperoni is full of flavor.  A good amount of artichoke hearts.  OK, maybe it could use a few more bell peppers.  But, the pizza motivated me to write a good review and I didn't have to.Food wise ...
Chicken wings were too greasy. We squeezed the grease out with napkins.
Greek salad was very good.
Pepperoni pizza was very also slightly greasier then usual but still delicious after a few napkin pat downs.
Dining wise ...
We did realize it was late when we got there and pretty close to closing time.  Staff was busy doing their closing chores not big deal to us. We ate and left as quick as we ordered, so we were in and out as best as we could. My only complaint at this point was the staff made it very clear they were closed and ready to go when the music got cranked up really loud...very loud.Small Caesar salad was $8...and the one topping lunch pizza deal is $8 and comes with a drink. The salad was ok....too much salad dressing and an abundance of shaved Parmesan. I came with my work team to celebrate our intern starting for the summer. I won't return until my work team decides to go again. Nothing stood out. Service was mediocre at best. If you're looking for a quick pizza fix at lunch then Theos is your place. Otherwise save your money for better spots like Blaze Pizza....I called to order a salad  to go and the phone was not answered..... when I entered the restaurant I showed the associate I was calling and asked if the number showed on my phone was correct. The male associate said ...oh is that you calling on the phone and sure enough it WAS. The associate the said sorry I was on the phone and couldn't answer. I have never called anywhere and not had someone answer ask as me to hold. Very frustrating. The salad took 30 min !!!!! More frustrated !!!! 
    The good news is the gentleman who took my order who faulted the kitchen with not preparing my order spoke with his manager, she immediately approached me and offered a refund for my salad and turned a negative experience into a not so bad experience after all. This location has a great manager And knows how to right a wrongThis used to be my favorite pizza place in the New Orleans area. Now after waiting 45 minutes for a take out salad they've lost me. I went to the counter to check on my order and they acted like I had just walked in, but I had been sitting 2 feet from them for 45 minutes. Then they claim that my name was not put on the ticket, which is bs since I have a copy of the ticket with my name on it. Finally I leave with my salad and realize it doesn't have any dressing or a fork. Lesson learned - skip Theo's.I've Never been to theos. Always heard great things. Decided to come to this one for lunch since it's close to home. Service was extremely slow. We ordered a small salad and Hawaii 5-O pizza. Seemed like we waited forever and when pizza finally came out it was very greasy and meh. Not sure if I'll be backWe are retired and eat lunch out almost everyday. We have tried to find our "go to" place for our favorite foods.  We thought Theo's would be our go to for salad and pizza place but the inconsistency of the salad has gotten out of hand. We love thin pizza and Theo's makes a darn good one and is very consistent except sometimes it is greasier than usual but a couple napkins takes are of that. The problem is with the small Caesar salad which at $8.00 is not a small price. At first the salad filled the plate and about half of the time there was dressing on all of the salad, sometimes the lower level of the salad was naked, once we asked for extra dressing when we ordered and there is a charge for that. The big problem is that the salad has gotten smaller with each visit, last visit the salad was about half the size from our first visit. If we are paying $8.00 for a salad we want an $8.00 salad not half. Looking for a new salad and pizza lunch spot.My husband and I visited Theo's for the first time and I must say it was terrible.  I ordered the Hawaiian Pizza. They should be embarrassed to name the pizza after a Hawaiian favorite.
the sauce was so runny and called it tomato sauce.  It was more like watered down catsup.
the crust was so overcooked like hard crackers.
my husband had a Ruben sandwich. A Real Ruben comes with sour kaurt but there was none.
I do give the draft a 5 star because it was real cold.
PEOPLE - WANT A REAL GOOD PIZZA? GO TO REGINELLAS.This place didn't wow me but it is decent pizza and salads! It is across the street from work so we go here every now and then. 
It's Theo's...not much else to critique. 
PIZZA.This is my Saturday Solo Date Place. The seating is perfect for solo outings and their 10' is the perfect size for one. 
Atmosphere. The staff is friendly and accommodating. Never have a seating issue, shouldn't have any issues. Good location also for family outings.
Food. I normally go with the Meatdown, which includes mozzarella, pepperoni, sausage, and bacon. It's very tasty on a thin crust and surprisingly very light. I never fill miserable after overindulging in pizza here. 
Parking situation is good. Off street, lot parking so you shouldn't have any issues finding parking.I had lunch here today with 4 other moms and 9 kids. They got every order right!!! The place was busy, but didn't feel crazy. The line to order moved very quickly and the cashier was very pleasant.  
Their lunch special is a one topping pizza or a sandwich and each comes with a drink for $8.  The pizzas are 10" - more than my daughter could eat, so she had leftovers.  She chose pepperoni as her topping and her pizza was delicious.  I had the fresh mozzarella on rosemary focaccia sandwich. They add tomato and basil if you'd like - and for real? - of course I like! It was sooooo tasty. The bread was really crispy and crusty on the ends and the cheese was all melty, but still firm.  Big slices of fresh mozzarella! I ate the whole thing. Way too quickly.
I'll be back.Very disappointing and will not return...admittedly went on a Friday night at peak time, stood in line waiting to order pizza and wine for two for 40 minutes.  Not sure why the owners think this process works, it's annoying to stand in a crowded line, being jostled constantly with people entering and exiting the restaurant throught the one door positioned where the wait line is.  Salad was tasty, but waited another 35 minutes for pizza to arrive, which was incredibly marginal, a chicken pesto version that sounded so tasty on the menu, but was bland with a cardboard crust.  The place is understaffed, which I assume is part of the ineffective business model, but did finally catch the attention of a waitress who asked "did you order the wrong pizza"?  Really...should there be "wrong" pizza on the menu? Manager was attentive and offered a pizza refund.  Absolutely not worth the investment of time, when there are so many other good pizzas in town that can also offer a better overall dining experience.Theo's goes suburbia! It's  Located in the super, colosial, all things chain,  new part of the Elmwood shopping center.  That's not so bad per se.  It's easier to bring the munchkins here than try to park on Magazine or Canal boulevard.  (I of course like those places better but listening to 2 Tween girls bitch about having to walk 2 blocks gets old) Not to mentions Theo's is a local chain so that's also a good thing.  I am also glad that they kept the whole pop culture markers when ordering thing.  Last time we were given The Macho Man Randy Savage.   OOOOOOOOH YEEEEEEAH!!!  Snap into a Slim Jim! 
To me pizza should be simple.  I'm not big on 4 thousand toppings or trying to reinvent the wheel when it comes to pizza.  If a pizza joint's cheese pizza isn't good by itself then I think that says something about the place.  With that being said, I find Theo's cheese pizza just ok.  I like my crust thin and crispy.  Theo's get's the thin part right but there are none of those slightly chared pieces that I think are needed to make a pizza perfect.  
Theo's does have a big selction of crazy toppings pizza's and the few that I have had were pretty tasty.  I had the 'West Bank Special' last time.  It comes with bacon, chicken, roasted red peppers, jalepenos, and pineapple.  Again it was pretty good.  
There are quite a few beers and wines to choice from , a few salads and sandwiches as well.  I'm sure we'll be back a lot since my ex-wife lives in Metairie and I am always there with the munchkins.We had a pepperoni pizza and it was really good. The service was great, and it didn't take long before we got our food after ordering. We will definitely eat here again.The best pizza I ever ate. The staff is friendly, courteous and knowledgeable staff. Unique atmosphere, great background music,  and super beer selection.Good pizza kinda depends on what you like in a pizza. If you like thick pizza and go here off of a great review that won't matter because this place does not do thick pizza. Thankfully I very much enjoy thin pizza and this place really has hands down the best thin crust you can get in their area.  You know when you get thin curst some where or NY style some where and the pizza is so soggy and greasy that it limps over your pizza hand (that's right I have a hand for eating pizza) like a sad deflated balloon animal? I hate that. That means I have to use my other hand to pick up the soggy mess and shovel it in my mouth. Well not here. You pick a slice up and it sticks straight forward! I love it. Their pizza is not soggy or greasy A+!  The taste is on point.  I love the Westbank Special Pizza the best, here is a tip; swap out the bacon for Canadian bacon to really kick this bad boy up(I sometimes even get a little crazy and add some sriracha to it).  They have a very flavorful peperoni classic pizza as well. You can order a small 10' pie or a large one.  One side note, because the pizza is thin I could easily eat a whole pizza myself , Don't judge me!
They have other good food besides the pizza but nothing on that amazing level.  The Greek salad is very good and the app with the bread stuffed with cheese and jalapenos is solid.  I would say I was disappointed in their wings. I really wanted to like them and they just didn't do it for me.  
The wait staff is friendly, but keep in mind this is a pay first type place. You will have to probably get up to ask for a refill (so don't eat too much pizza).  But at least you do not feel rushed to leave.  The inside is fun and quirky and they have a few outside tables.
If I want thin pizza this Is the place!
The Good:
The best thin crust
location
atmosphere
nice custom pizzas
premium topping
no soggy pizzas here!
cool beer and wine selection
The bad:
disappointed in the wings
The ugly:
Look if you want thick , deep dish pizza, this is not gonna be fun.  If you like it thin and crispy and in my opinion how it should be! Then you will be happyTheos Neighborhood Pizza has gradually become our go-to place for a great pizza. I love the hearty pizza topping combinations offered and the light, crunchy crust. This location is louder than average because of the metal roof, so it could be more difficult to have a conversation without raising your voice. The loud music playing also adds to the overall noise in the room. I enjoy coming here for a casual lunch or dinner and I think they have one of the best pizzas in the city.Love the pizza, except for my favorite pizza place in New York, this is my fav. Love the thin crust.Pizza and salad was delicious as always. However even though here I do not normally expect much table service, do not want to have to wave people down to bring your food and refill drinks. Really slow service tonight. Hope they fix this , employees were really disinterested in working today.Their stuffed breadsticks alone are worth a visit.  Great pizza as well.  Can't give that 5th star for service, as when we went it was totally dead, so we just ordered at the counter and picked it up ourselves.  The sole employee we saw wasn't super friendly, or talkative... I don't think she said anything at all.  But it didn't give us a negative impression, and the food was great.it was okay. i realize its the same stuff as magazine, but it didnt seem to taste the same. seemed like the receipe was missing something.
ill be back, but not too oftenThis has become my daughters and my favorite pizza place around here!! My new favorite pizza is their Westbank Special is is so good with chicken, pineapples, and jalapeo which is perfect combination of sweet and spicy. My favorite before I discovered this one was the Hawaiian pizza and it's still my daughters favorite. They had a new pizza as the special we decided to try the Cordon Blue and it was also really good. I have also had the Greek salad and it was really fresh and good. I'm so happy they just opened another location closer to my home on veterans close to Shogun so I'll be even their pizza's even more now!! It can get packed inside and very busy so I keep them on speed dial and when getting pizza to go I call ahead of time. It is pretty much self service you order at counter and go sit down and they will bring your pizza to you but if you want a refill or anything you'll have to get up and get it. I'm fine with that its a really laid back cool atmosphere and the workers have always been really nice and courteous.I was in the area shopping with my wife, we started figuring out where to eat. After submitting to my wife like a good husband she i mean we decided on Theo's Pizza. Walking in we were greeted with genuine smile and asked how can we serve you today. So we got some Hot wings a split large pizza, half meat, other half veggie. My wife got a Greek salad, not sure why she needs to get a salad everywhere we eat out but she said it was good. Didn't take long for our wings to reach our table, i should have waited they were really freaking hot. After letting my tongue cool off i was finally able to eat them. They were really good, some were a little small, maybe a couple pigeons fell in at that chicken processing plant.  Our pizza arrive not long after we finished the wings, at first look it looked pretty good. I wished it tasted as good as it looked, sorry to say but it has little taste. I don't like much tomato sauce, and i couldn't even tell there was any on it. The crust was crisp but thats it no flavor, then the cheese that was stretchy lacked any flavor. Only thing could taste was the toppings, which for the price should have had little more. Maybe the sauce from the wings or the heat, some how numbed my taste buds, preventing me from tasting the pizza. I was left with a feeling of frozen pizza, which sucked because the place was nice and so where the people there. Everything was great, don't know maybe it was an off night or too close to closing. I will give them one more try before adding to my Never Eat here again list.This pizza joint is the bomb! We had the EXPERT last night and was delicioooooous!! I'm usually not a tomato eater but I ate them anyway because everything was so wonderful! The vibe is really laid back with outside seating as well as inside. Fun music playing inside and the service was great! We are definitely coming back to try their different pizza situations!! :)Beautiful new Business / Service was good / very expensive for what you get.
****A frozen Pizza would have been better****Theo's is a great place to grab a beer and eat some good pizza. Yes, it is a bit pricey and sometimes there is a wait, but the place has an awesome vibe and the pizza is worth it!I just ate here for my first time. I have to say, I had a great meal.  We had some Thai wing which were great.  Definitely order 12, because 6 will have you wishing you ordered 12.  Then the BBQ Chicken pizza.  That too was delicious!  They have a great selection of beers to choose from so I walked out with a buzz and the service was great too.  The servers were very attentive which was nice too.  I recommend this place to everyone.  You won't be disappointed!We came in here for a quick meal on Friday before we had to be at the movie theater to watch a movie. The staff was friendly and accommodating. They were busy with a family friendly crowd. We sat at the bar and waited and then boom- a spitball war erupted from a table of kids by us. I was slightly grossed out as I feared with my luck I'm about to get hit in the face with a spitball but the staff noticed it right away and put an end to it. Thank you for caring about other peoples dining experiences lol. Server even offered us a free beer due to the craziness. The rest of the meal went perfectly fine and we were constantly being checked up on to make sure everything was going great. I was impressed by their customer service and we'll be back on day that hopefully they'll be no spitball wars.Yum yum yum!!! My husband and I love this place. They have excellent pizza choices along with wings and salads. The " Expert" pizza is very very tasty. This place should be on your list to try. The service is very good too. Even when they're busy you get prompt and courteous attention.I had the Westbank pizza and it was one of the best pizzas I've ever had. Good food and good atmosphere. It doesn't hurt that they have really good drink specials.Just finished the Meathead. First off they need to add more sauce to the pizzas. The sauce that was on it wasn't  very good. I liked the thin crust however. Service was lack luster at best. Learn to smile people!!  Also please don't waste your dollar and 30 and buy those deceivingly beautiful cookies they're horrible!! For the out of towners who have a hankering for pizza I would advise to look elsewhere.I used to enjoy the place but after today I will be going elsewhere for my pizza fix. We sat for 10 minutes without even acknowledgment. Yes, it was lunchtime and they were hopping but 10 minutes without even a 'A hello sir, I'll be with you soon." When we did finally get a server's attention. She said stammered something about they don't do that. never mind the fact we ate at Theo's quite often and we always ate at the bar.Not good! If you want great pizza in metairie there are other, better places to choose. Brooklyn pizza and cafe Roma to name two! Ordered the Margherita Pizza and cheesy bread sticks. Both were bland, and the bread sticks were under cooked. I will not be back!I've driven pass the location on Carrollton quite a few times and was always curious about this place.  I finally got my chance to try them out one afternoon at the new location in the Elmwood shopping center.  I'm glad I did!  
The atmosphere is relaxed, family-oriented but with an adult feel.  You'd feel comfortable meeting up with friends for a bite and drinks or spending family time with children. 
The only hiccup we experienced was that our order was not put in. I know...sounds like a big deal.  To be honest with you...it felt like one too.  We were starving and watching everyone around us being served their meals when finally a manager came by to ask what we ordered.  Upon realizing that our order had not actually been placed due to some issue with their printers, she was really apologetic and did her best to accommodate us quickly.  She also gave us a gift card for the value of our order.  Though I was disappointed (and starving), I was pleasantly surprised by their great customer service and response to their mistake.
But more importantly....I was very happy with our meal.  The wings were (how do I say this) FINGER LICKING GOOD!  So much so, I wasn't sure I wanted the sandwich I ordered.  But upon taking a bit into my club sandwich...I was so glad that I'd saved a bit of room.  My sandwich was equally delicious!  
I've been back to Theo's twice since then and would recommend it to anyone wanting a casual and delicious dining experience.Let me say that this review is based on ONLY THE SERVICE.
The pizza is wonderful...and is deserving of 5 stars.
I ordered one pizza on a Sunday evening to pick up. I walked inside and while waiting on someone to help me (was just a minute or so) i got to witness a female employee being pretty rude to a customer on the phone. Next, a guy gave me my pizza and took my payment, which was a credit card. I watched him...he swiped the card very quickly and then immediately walked back over and said "it's declined" and just stood there. I looked at him in disbelief because i could've swore the card was fine...never had problems with it. So, instead of offering to swipe it again and take a little ease out of the situation, he asked for another form of payment. I paid with a debit card then went on my way. The entire drive home i was so nervous that something was wrong with my card. I got home and quickly checked it online, everything was fine. So the problem was on their end. He really could've tried swiping my card again and showed a little more concern. But, instead he let a customer walk away super nervous that something happened to their credit line.Really good crispy and crunchy pizza. I'm very impressed. I ordered sausage and pepperoni. Will definitely come backYum yum yum yum yum. One of the best pizzas of my life. And I've been to Italy, so there! Yeah, I know pizza is an American invention, yada yada yada. Abita root beer on tap - woot woot. Wonderful people, fantastic greek salad - so darn delicious. And superhero table stands. Instead of a number on a stick, you get to be Superwoman or Beyonce or Elvis or Jimi Hendrix or Burt Reynolds - people like that. Well, not exactly sure about the Burt Reynolds part, could have been Neil Diamond, but you get my drift. It's tasty and fun. Great music, too, and kind, helpful staff. Professionally laid back, feel completely comfortable, nice variety of beer & wine - and I don't drink, but I notice. We go all the time and even if it puts an extra inch on the waistline it's worth it. So, so good.100% satisfied. This is our third time coming to Theo's. The first time was just for beer and the second time it was a lil too busy so we left, just cause we didn't want to wait. The service wasn't bad r anything, they just were packed. Tonight was our first time trying the pizza and oh my, what a hell of a pizza it is. It was crispy inside and out, not one of those pizzas where you pick up the crust and everything falls off. Very firm and full of toppings, they don't leave you with a wide crust, just enough room to grip it. The service is great and the beer is cold. I usually don't give a place five stars but they deserve it. Defiantly a must tie for pizza fans.Theo's has great pizza - thin crispy crust. 
Lots of specialty pizzas ranging from your typical pepperoni to everything but the kitchen zink. I find the ingredients to be fresh and very good quality. One of the servers told me they get their bread from La Louisiane bakery...thought that was cool. 
Salads are great too and big enough to share. 
I would pass on the wings next time.My wife and I went here last night. We were anticipating a good pizza because the place was packed and the reviews I read were promising. Well it was horrible. Reminds me of the pizza you buy at wal mart deli and bake at home. We will never eat at Theo's again.This place is pretty good. The service is kind of awkward because you order at the counter but they still have servers walking around. I don't think this place is worth waiting more than 10 minutes for though. Since it's a new place, it's been pretty packed. I still like Tower of Pizza much better.Wings were good but pizza tastes like cheap frozen supermarket pizza, it wasn't good to me, plus I got diarrhea as I was leaving, staff was pretty good thoughI am new to the area and still figuring out places to eat.  It has a chill atmosphere, good food and a fair price!  What more can you ask for?  I got the Sub and it was delicious, I will definitely be coming back and bringing my friends!Best Pizza In Louisiana! Friendly Staff and Great Family Environment! Wings Are Pretty Darn Good As Well!I love pizza and this place is not my favorite.  I have been multiple times and the pizza is always very thin crust (often burnt) and very greasy.  However, their Rebo's Super Soaked salad is delicious.  I will return to this place because my boyfriend is a fan.  
Great staff. Lots of beer options.Overpriced mediocre food. There are other nearby options that will cost the same and provide better.I love Theo's.The Service is great. The place is very cool with rock posters with a cool hipster vibe.The food is even better, I am very precise on my pizza but, their Italian Sausage is the only I can eat. What else can I say the place is just great !!!!!Talk about a Cinderella story. The door says they close at 10:00 pm. Well this carriage turns into a pumpkin at 9:00. Every is fine with food, service and attitude until the bewitching hour. 
Come 9:00, I have several times not had my call answered for take out, (yes I have used different phones). Got there last night at about 9:00, appetizer was not made right so I asked about. She brought out table the missing ingredient in a plastic cup and said here you go.
If you don't want to be open till 10 then close at 9. Oh wait, then I guess everything goes south at 8:00.Perfect place to stop and grab some delicious pizza that's not "fast food" or "delivery" style. Restaurant has a good vibe and feel and all of the employees are in a good mood and are friendly. We try to get something different every time we go. This go round, my daughter got plain cheese pizza, and I got Canadian bacon with pineapple. Both were good. :)I don't the big deal about Theo's.  I've had it at the original Magazine location a few times and was never impressed.  Got a small Margherita  pizza today from the Elmwood location and it was pretty bad.  A margherita pizza is supposed to be light and refreshing and look like the Italian flag.  This one was heavy, overcooked, over sauced and gross.
I think the reason I gave Theo's another chance is because just last night I was with some friends and they were raving about Theo's.  I guess we have different opinions on good pizza.Have been here many times and truly enjoyed it every visit.  The ceasar salad is awesome, especially with all the cheese they put on it.  Most of the time we get the meathead pizza which has all the meats plus bacon.  You can't go wrong with this one.  Great service and the wait staff are always attentive.  Go on Tuesday, draft beer is only $1.50.My wife and I visit this Theos location on quite a regular basis and we were very disappointed in not only the service but the attitude of the staff on a busy Friday night. We arrived at 7:35pm and placed our order for chicken Caesar salad,  six piece hot wings, and four account cheesy bread and a 10 inch Hawaii Five-0 pizza. The restaurant was super busy with crowds of people waiting to get seated and lots of to go orders leaving the restaurant. We received our chicken Caesar salad which was awesome as usual and we're happy to sit and wait for the rest of our food as we knew that The kitchen staff and service staff were a bit overwhelmed. Several tables were seated after us and we noticed they were being served their appetizers before us. At 8:15 we asked the waitress with green hair to go check on our appetizers.  She went to the kitchen, appeared to inquire but did not return to inform us of the status of our order. Finally at 8:35 a table that was seated about 30 minutes after us received 2-large pizzas before we had any of our appetizers. We asked a different waitress to check on our order and you could see the kitchen could not find our ticket. I went to the window and asked if they could find our order and they could not. They said they could make it now but I was done. I requested a refund. I received a full refund and a gift card for $10 for wasting an hour of my Friday date night with my wife. Horrible experience and I will be hard pressed to return any time soon.You ever complain about getting food that was too hot? Well I am! No, I'm not really complaining about too hot food. We ordered the Thai wings, a POTA Supreme, and a make-your-own. The food was HOT HOT HOT, but tasted really good. The peppers on the supreme were cut small enough so as not to over-power the dish, and the crust was perfect. Next time we go, I may decide to order one of their monster salads. I did feel a little out of place, though. Theo's strikes me as more of a college-age hipster location more so than a kid friendly place.Ok. Not as good as some pizza places in Metairie. Service was awful, wait long. The kind of place I would eat at if I was out in elmwood and needed to eat. Other than that ill pass.Theo's is one of my boyfriend and I's favorite places to eat. First off, don't order anything else before you order the ranch. It's seriously what keeps us coming back... It's THAT good! (Can you start selling it Theo's?!). We love the cheesy bread and the thin crust and cheesy pizza. I also love their salads... Again ranch!! The salads are big enough that you can split and make side salads if you want. It's a laid back environment and good for kids. FYI- On Wednesday's they have half off bottles of wine!Not impressed. Small 10" pizza and 2 iced tea- $23- was not worth the price- pizza was missing "something" - ordered at the counter and seated ourselves. No one came to check on us the entire time we were there. We do not plan on returning. I understand that it's not a typical restaurant with waiters and waitresses, but no one even came to see if our pizza was cooked right, tasted ok, or anything or that manner. Oh and the tip jar is at the counter when you order- before you even get service- sorry, not tipping if I don't get ANY service.This is a local chain restaurant that has great service at every location I have been to. There is plenty of parking in front. You walk in, go to the counter and order. They have a rotating pizza of the month. After placing and paying for your order, take the order placard they hand you and have a seat. They will bring your food to you. They do serve beer, and soft drinks.
The restaurant is neat and clean, as is the restroom (I did not get a chance to snap any pictures, it was a single stall and someone was waiting to come in). I do like this location. The staff is friendly. There is some outdoor seating, and there is more than enough seating inside. I usually go for the pizza of the month or the blue cheese and bacon pizza.Pizza is by far my favorite pizza in the city but $8 for a small Caesar salad that barely even covered the plate it is served on is a sorry excuse. Either lower the price or add more lettuce. Pretty disappointed to say the least with this visit.Two stars seems a little negative, but...meh, I've had better.
The first time I went to Theo's (I forget which location), it was a peak time on a Friday night. The place was packed, and we realized that we probably would not get a table after we ordered. Regulars know to have someone claim a table while someone orders. But, we hadn't been before, so we wanted to read the menu and discuss options, and not lose our place in line, and we didn't want to have to fight for a chair, after we ordered, or worse, order and then not get a table, so we left. 
Just not a system I like for dinner. 
So today, I went to the Elmwood location for lunch--just after the lunch rush.  I ordered the meatball sandwich, which took a little longer than I expected, considering the place was not super busy. When it arrived, the sandwich looked great--it just looked like a good, full, well made sandwich. Except....(this is a pet peeve) you really couldn't eat it as a sandwich. It was packed with full-sized meatballs. No skimping here. But...it's a sandwich. On French bread. With full-sized meatballs. I dare you to pick it up and take a bite out of it. Take those meatballs and cut them in half before you put them on the bread. Really--you could actually use fewer meatballs and make a more eatable sandwich. So I took a meatball off of each half and put them on my plate, and cut up the other meatballs on the sandwich so I could pick it up and enjoy the sandwich experience: good bread with good meatballs. Well, actually, these meatballs were just "okay". They were tough enough that I wished I had a steak knife to cut them. They weren't rubber, but they were a little tough. The flavor was "meh, I've had better", but not bad. 
By no means was this a bad meal. But by no means was it an above average meal. 
I LOVE meatball sandwiches, and I'm generally pretty easy to please with them. But, sorry Theo: Reginelli's is right around the corner, and their meatball sandwich tastes much better and I can pick it up and eat it. 
Would I say "don't go there"? No. Will I go back? Probably not.This was my first visit to this location of the growing local pizza chain of Theo's and they are certainly one of my favorite pizza joints around the area.  The thin crispy crust makes me a very happy eater.  I enjoy the wide range of interesting combinations they offer.  The Eccentric & the Spicy Mexican are two of my favorites but my usual fix is the Hippy with either chicken or meatballs added.  I always get a side of their tasty marinara to dip my crust into; although often it isn't needed I still love the sauce and will just drink it!  I also really like their meatball sub which is what I ate at this location and it was consistent with my good experiences at their other locations.Great pizza and wings the service is great and they have some great drinks as well as beer selections.They have some good cookies for dessert.This location is much better than the one on Veterans.Their salads are very fresh and good and it is very kid friendly.Good pizza and salad!  Service was good. Wait for food was long, but worth the wait. Cheesy bread stick not like traditional bread sticks.Best pizza and wings.  The salads are good if you're dieting.  Great service and friendly staff.OMGOODNESS 5 Pizza Stars  For Theo's On Veterans Boulevard !!!!! 
I can't say enough great things about this tasty friendly colorful Pizzeria !!!! From the fantastic selection of Beers  on Tap to the warm beyond friendly attentive young Staff to the most incredible "BEST Pizza Pie Crust EVER accompanied by the widest variety of Topping Choices I've ever experienced.... And they have Feta YAY !!!!!  But the biggest Bonus here was  my choice of The Best FRESH Gluten-Free pizza pie crust which is Hands  down the BEST GF Crust I've of ever had from here to NYCity...  Next The incredibly large & fresh House Soaked Salad  was soo Simple & delicious , full of flavor... 
The Moist Plump tasty Chicken  Wings we're also a hit .... as was the incredible fresh  cheesy toast appetizer.... Yum  RUN  here for a wonderful welcoming local cozy neighbor Italian dining experience you want week after week !!! Thanks Theo'sI ordered a 10" pizza that's on their menu but changed it a bit since I can't eat onions and bell peppers.  When I picked it up, the young lady came out with two boxes.  I was surprised and prepared to say, "That's not my order."  Before I could say anything she said, "I made an extra pizza because the first one was a bit overdone."  I thanked her, told her that wasn't necessary and went on my way.  When I got home, we checked the pizzas - the overdone pizza was a bit crispy and browner than usual, but was quite edible.  The pizzas were yummy!  I love that they use fresh ingredients - it definitely makes a difference.  
This is the kind of customer service every restaurant should have - I'll definitely return and tell everyone I know about this most positive experience!
Bravo, Theo's!  Well done (no pun intended!).Good neighborhood pizza joint!1st experience here for lunch was great. Good pizza, good salad, good service. They have the good crunchy ice and coke products. 
2nd experience here for dinner was not good. It took about 35 mins for just a salad to come out. When I went for lunch, salad was out in 7 mins and pizza in 20.
Romano salad dressing is excellent. Don't care for the prickly jam vinaigrette. Pizza is thin and crispy.Yummy pizza. Really perfect. I went at about 5 PM on a Thursday - only a few other folks there at this time. I ordered a custom pizza - pepperoni, sun dried tomatoes, and basil. All of it was great. The service was friendly and accomodating. I like the ambience too here, it's fun to watch Magazine Street shoppers stroll by.I am definitely a fan of Theo's. The atmosphere is quaint and the service was spectacular. I took my daughter and her friend who needed gluten free pizza. The friend said the gluten free pizza was good, but I noticed the cheese would not stay on the thing to save its life! I had the Local Pro, which was delicious but way over priced. My daughter had a regular cheese with pepperoni and bacon, and she loved it. My only gripes would be the cost, and that I personally like a thicker crust. I also wish the person who took my order would have pointed out the lunch specials, just as a courtesy.I found Theo's Neighborhood Pizza through my son who just loves the place. Last evening we stopped in and it just so happened it was 50% off any bottle of wine night. Score! Two yummy three topping  pizzas and a bottle of Joel Gott Cabernet for a very reasonable amount. As always the service was friendly, attentive and overall excellent. What's not to love about this clean, friendly, pizza joint with great food and wonderful staff? Check it out. You will not be disappointed.Good pizza and sandwiches.  Diverse selection.  Counter ordering is efficient once you know about it.  I sat for a while before someone noticed me.  My "Madonna" avatar was a bit incongruous with my initial "Gray man" impression.  After I was recognized as a customer, service was attentive and helpful.  Pleasant, informal setting for a small group of friends and good pizza.  Overall, one of the better pizza joints I have been to.If you like thin crust pizza, then this is for you.  They do an absolutely amazing job.  The Jammer's Original is my favorite, best pizza I've ever had.  It's a regular pie topped with canadian bacon, feta, mushroom, onion, and banana peppers.
Sandwiches are good, too, though they don't stand apart from the competition as much as the pizzas do.
Biggest downside I've experieced is some of the specialty pizzas are pretty out there...buffalo chicken pizza was so salty it was inedible, for example.  Would get 5 stars other than that.Starting frequenting this place a few  months ago (needed a break from Midway, and have come to really enjoy it. I personally don't go in for any of the Chicago v.s New York pizza nonsense, seeing as how both of those cities are over a 1000 miles away. To the point, its good, it cosistent, and they have great nightly drink specials to go with.I got a small gluten free pizza with double mushrooms. It was priced similarly to Mellow Mushroom small gluten free pizza. Their gluten free crust is fantastic, super crusty. I had to pay for DOUBLE mushroom just yo get mushrooms in every bite, but thats pretty normal for most pizza places around here. While the bottom of the crust is  crusty, the top is a little bit....soggy? I think maybe this is because their sauce is a little bit watery? I am not sure why, but that 1/4 inch of sogginess on top is not ideal. Also, there is a sweet aftertaste (probably also curtesy of their sauce) which I did not love. All in all, a pretty decent pizza, I guess I am just a bit picky? It was definitely 100 times better than their pizza a week later. I added ham ti double mushroom, hoping for a little extra flavor. Unfortunately, the ham was wet and tasteless, and the crust was SOGGY all throughout. Gross :(The pizza is always on point, the restaurant is clean, and the service is fast. One of my favorites is the BBQ chicken pizza! They have a nice selection of boozy thangs, too, if you're into that.Went for lunch and had a great time. The section of pizza was impressive and not expensive. The crust was crispy  and thicker than a true thin-crust. The sando's seemed on the smallish side. Stick with the pizza you you'll be happy. There is a 30 min wait on pizza orders because everything is done fresh but the small wait was worth it.  Theo's does a great job on pizza, this is a place that needs to be on your short list of places to go.I am fairly knowledgeable in Pizza - i have eaten it at most New York hot spots - i make a pretty mean pizza myself. I am from Los Angeles and know the good, bad and great pizza that city has to offer as well. So when I moved to NOLA I was determined to find a great spot in the city for a pie.... 
I look for a few things.
1)Fresh Ingredients (IE buffalo mozzarella that is creamy and made that morning, kalamata olives, fresh cut pepperoni, tomatoes picked fresh off the plant etc)
2) thin, crispy crust
3)Sauce the goes to the ends of the entire pie
4)Red sauce that is not overwhelming yet adds that extra yummyness to the pie.
5)A pie where all the factors create a spectacular pie and one part does not overpower the other parts.
So I have tried the local spots, Reginellis, Slice, Rocky's etc - still not satisfied and looking - My Roomie and I decided to try THEO'S as I have read many positive reviews and was anxious to finally fill my pizza void. The place is small and quaint. No wait staff - so we got in the "line" and ordered two Abita Amber's and The Arti-Garlic pie. The person at the register looked bored and annoyed. She did not instruct us to take a number, or that she would bring us our drinks.... she just looked at us and glared. My roomie FINALLY asked if she was getting our beers and if we picked the pie up at the counter. She said we needed to take a number and sit and it would all be brought to us. OK! 
We sat and patiently waited for this hyped up pie.... the gal at the counter switched personalities and was now super sweet... She brought us the Arti-Garlic and even gushed how she wanted to sit down and have a slice.
First bite was off putting - So much artichoke flavor - in fact that is all I could taste - I continued to eat it started removing the artichoke pieces. It wasn't horrible but it was not what it was made out to be... First off I think it needs red sauce -   the olive oil and garlic seemed absent. I could not eat more then one slice as it wasn't tasty.
I will try them again but I will make sure I try a pizza with red sauce. I just won't be rushing over there...This pizza joint is cool but it makes you forget you're in NOLA. I love this because you're hanging out in a gnarly local joint that the people who live here actually frequent. 
We ordered the bacon and blue cheese pizza. It went perfectly with beer. Both Abita Amber and Blue Moon are available on tap, providing the ultimate beer and pizza experience. 
The service was good and the pizza was the best pizza I've ever had. (And I've had pizza in Italy so I know what I'm saying.) I can't wait to come back here on my next visit.Great thin crust pizza.  I highly recommend the Jammers Original pizzadefinitely in my list for best pizza in New Orleans.  Their crust is really crispy which I'm a big fan of! Pizza!Really good pizza. Nice crisp crust and perfect amount of sauce!Good location on Magazine street. 
Compared to other pizza places in the city (Reginelli's, Slice), I think Theos is the best in the gourmet preparation of their pizzas. Perfect crust that is not too thin or thick. Also, great specialty pizza options. I recommend the Spicy Mexican Chicken.This location is terrible. The one on Canal St is much better. The servers are definitely more attentive at that location. This place didn't even have a pie server utensil for the pizza. The pizza itself is ok,it's nothing to go crazy for. Mediocrity at it's finest.Good sandwiches here: a little too big for a regular appetite. The chicken and pepper sandwich was good, as was the veggie sandwich. Pickle and chips round off the offerings, which we skipped since the sandwiches were filling. Pizzas looked good, but we did not try them. And no, nothing cajun about this place, just a nice spot for a quick meal in a nice walking area with pleasant shops.Theo's is my favorite pizza place in New Orleans.  It beats Reginelli's, Louisiana Pizza Kitchen, New York Pizza, Rocky's, and Slice in my opinion.  Slice would be a close second, but Theo's has a slight edge.  
Cold Blue Moon, Abita Amber, Mich Ultra, and NOLA brown on tap and $1 pint nights on Tuesday.  The ingredients are very fresh.  The pizza is always consistently prepared and cooked.  The cheese is perfectly well browned on top and the crust is perfectly crispy, but not overcooked.  The salads are great and you can't beat the baked club sandwich.  We love the cheesy bread sticks as an appetizer.
The service is very friendly.  They even have a vintage Galaga/Ms. Pac Man video game to keep the kids entertained.The people at theo's are very nice. I ordered a small chicken pizza which was horrible. The pizza just tasted very bland. Also, the sweet tea tasted a bit like mop water. I wouldn't recommend eating the pizza or sweet tea.Good pizza. Check for beer specials. The bread sticks aren't worth $4.Solid pizza. Friendly staff. This is definitely a go-to neighborhood place. As a vegetarian who sometimes just needs to get out a bit, I'm really glad I have it within a 5-minute walk from my house. If you're looking for NY thin crust, this is not the place. If you're looking for a late-night, grab-a-slab joint, this is not the place. But if you want to ask the staff what "hot tomatoes" means and have them say "I don't know how to explain it. Here, try some!" Or if you want to be handed a table number sign with only a photo of Neil Diamond on it, this is your place.Great and delicious pizza.  Ordered the Expert pizza, does take a little while to prepare but worth the wait.  Ordered a beer while we were waiting, for the small 10" which was perfect for the both of us.  Can't wait to go back!I have lived around the corner (1 block) for 3 years. I've waited to review them hoping they will improve. But their service is so bad, I refuse to eat there and their pizza isn't the best I town.  It's disappointing.  I refuse to order from them.I've loved this place ever since it opened before Katrina. It had become one of my favorite regular places to go, and I was super excited to revisit it since I moved back home this month. 
The food (the pizza in particular) is still as fantastic as I remember - flavorful, crispy, and just greasy enough to give you that satisfied pizza feeling. The cooks definitely know what they're doing! The service, unfortunately, has been a different story. The sullen register workers behind the counter where you place your order leave a lot to be desired. On my most recent visit (just picking up a to-go order of one pizza) the dour blond girl on duty practically threw my pizza at me, and when I opened the box in the car to double-check the toppings, the pieces had disconnected and lay all strewn about - not exactly appetizing. I guess my $2 tip for the 30-second, $14 transaction wasn't enough. Don't get me wrong, I've been working in restaurants for years now and I've definitely had moments of providing less than stellar customer service. But they were always preceded by some ridiculous behavior on the part of the patron, not by anything like the friendly smile and patient attitude I always offer fellow restaurant workers. 
But I'll still be back. The delicious smell and taste of the pizza was enough to make up for the unfriendly attitude this time, and probably will be enough to make up for it in the future. I just wish it didn't have to.Love their Meathead pizza and also their Arti-garlic...for that matter, there is one on the menu with pineapple and jalepeno's that I get when the kids are not sharing.  Good beer selection, good staff, really popular place for the kids.  
Five stars because there is nothing I could ask of my neighborhood pizza joint that they don't provide...except delivery, but I forgive ;)Best pizza in town!!!  I love the Magazine Street location (and the Mid-City location too)!!  It is in a awesome stretch of Magazine Street.  Their pizza is awesome and they have GREAT lunch specials.This is the perfect little gourmet pizza place.  I recommend the Spicy Mexican Chicken pizza. Magazine street does have some of the best restaurants uptown and most, including this one, are reasonably priced. Would definately come back here. Perfect place to grab a slice and just chill with friends. 
I guess the only downside is you have to go place your order at the bar but whatever....worth it.Best pizza I've had in new Orleans since I moved here almost three years ago. I had heard they were good ,but always stuck to the other place down by whole foods. Looks like I'll be going here from now on. Oh and try the thai wings they are delicious.I started coming here when it was still fairly new and I was a lot younger, and now that I live elsewhere I usually try to find some reason to come by whenever I'm home.  Been with one or two friends; been with family and their kids; been for take-out.  Been when times were good and times were bad: I'll never forget coming here after Katrina, with their limited menu but they were nevertheless open for business, serving on disposable plates with only bottled drinks because the water was unreliable and there was no trash-pickup.  They were hopping then and now, back to reusable dishes, they're still hopping.
I haven't tried everything on the menu because some never disappoint, and I'll have a hankering, especially for the Jammer's.  I've always enjoyed the Eccentric and the Marilyn's.  Anything with banana peppers usually works surprisingly well.  Most recently I tried the bacon & blue cheese, which was pretty light, in a good way, given that title: fresh bacon, chopped, with fresh spinach and tomato slices, and the blue cheese didn't overpower, just worked well with everything else.
As others have noted, the thin crispy crust makes it here.  They pull it off with a lot of toppings or just a few. People are picky about their pizza crusts, and I suppose I can respect those elsewhere in our grand country who prefer a thin yet floppy crust, folded up; but after eating nothing but that for a while, I am always begging for some Theo's.  If only their pizza traveled as well as King Cakes!Excellent location, however parking can be problematic. 
I have experienced dining here twice and I can only rate the cheese pizza and pepperoni pizza, because both times kids were in tow and this is what they like. I found these two simple pizzas were tasty, I think it's the sauce being far above average that makes up for our boring toppings. 
I would like to point out that both times the staff was extremely friendly and accommodated our requests graciously! Sooner or later, I will try one of their pizzas designed for grown-ups! They look delicious!!Been twice to this location. Once in Mid City. Everything is good about this place except for the pizza. Domenica is much better.  Reginelli's is better. Pizza Delicious is better. Italian pie is even better, etc, etc. Fun hangout, mediocre to crummy pizza. This place and Louisiana Pizza kitchen are very over rated.One of my favorite pizza spots in New Orleans. The texture of the thin crust is very crunchy and flaky. I am a traditionalist who prefers a simple pepperoni with black olives but they do have a wide selection of pizzas with also a pizza of the month. The staff here are great and very friendly. Parking on this block is always challenging but well worth the fight.Fortunately I live only a few blocks away from Theo's, so it is a regular on my takeout list. 
The crust at Theo's is the perfect balance between crisp and chewy. While it is certainly thin crust, it is not nearly as thin and hard as many others can be. 
The toppings are of good quality and taste great. My favorite pizza by far is the Eccentric. Although it can get slightly expensive for some of these speciality pizzas, it is worth it if you can pace yourself and not eat the entire thing in one seating.Out of the other locations in the New Orleans area, this is by far my favorite! For some reason the pizza here just taste better. I try a new pie every time I stop in and I pretty much could live on their cheesy bread. It always has this perfect amount of char on the bottom which pairs well with the gooey cheese liberally dolloped between two pieces of chewy bread. Their marinara hits the sweet spot and it's great for dipping their crispy crust in after you've devoured a delicious pizza. 
My favorites: 
     1. The Expert
     2. Marilyn's POTA Supreme 
     3. The Eccentric
Definitely try the Dreamsicle after your done to wash 
it all down!iI randomly stumbled upon this Theo's after most restaurants in the area had been closed for after-lunch hours (it was 3 p.m.) and I was pleasantly surprised. My friend and I ordered The Eccentric, which sounded weird (squash, zucchini), but also intriguing. My only complaint is that when they brought the pizza out they had only cut the pizza in half, not in slices. When I asked the waitress, she was shocked and rushed it back to have it cut properly.  Apparently the guy in the back had just received an order and just forgot. They threw in a couple breadsticks as compensation.  The pizza itself was flavorful, but my favorite part was the crust. Even my friend, who doesn't normally eat pizza crusts, ate the entire thing. 
The prices were not too bad and my service was fast...but then again I was eating at a weird time. Overall, however, I would recommend this place.Good pizza. Great $10 bottle of wine special during the week.  A little slow but worth the wait. If you get there at the wrong time you might find yourself without a table too, so get there early.Please return to your prior pizza crust formulation. Cannot recommend "Swamp Thing" or "Spicy Mexican." No individual flavors.Stopped for late lunch and we came here because they were only one of the few open during that time ( between lunch and dinner). I recalled getting some sort of specialty pizza, which was good. Not your regular pizza crust, more thin and crunchy.We got the Meathead pizza. No joke, it has a lot of meat on it. It's good pizza. The best? Probably not, but it is good. Can't go wrong there.Used the waitr app to get a pizza delivered to my hotel room.  The pie was absolutely fantastic!!  Plenty of toppings and a perfect, crispy crust.  I will definitely hit this place up every time I visit New Orleans.I really enjoyed my visit here. There are signs alerting patrons to order at the counter. Once you order the extremely helpful staff made sure we were happy. The Pizza was delicious, I really like the crust. I will definitely go to Theo's againI love pizza and this place seemed to get the best reviews out of all the pizza places within walking distance of my house (4 if you count Whole Foods) so I decided to give it a try one night after my friends backed out on some plans.
It was pretty damn good - I'm a sucker for thin crust. I got the specialty Cheese Please pizza and it was to die for. I ate the whole thing (it was just a small, thankfully...I could have kept going!). They have wine and beer and other things to eat like gyros, subs, calzones, pasta, and salads. There's one TV that was showing ESPN at the time I was there even though there wasn't a game on so I'm not sure if they just keep it there all the time or what.  I'm sure if there's a big game on they'll change it.
It is small so I don't think it would be ideal for groups unless the group wasn't more than 6 or so people.
Apparently their happy hours are pretty good, but when I went it wasn't happy hour. Just another reason to go back!Pepperoni pizza was disappointing.  The sauce was flavorful but the pizza was way too greasy.  The spinach salad with goat cheese and dried cranberries was quite good.  Staff was friendly and attentive.I love Theo's Pizza!!!  This is probably my favorite pizza place around.  The thin crispy crust makes me a very happy eater.  I enjoy the wide range of interesting combinations they offer.  The Eccentric & the Spicy Mexican are two of my favorites but my usual fix is the Hippy with either chicken or meatballs added.  I always get a side of their tasty marinara to dip my crust into; although often it isn't needed I still love the sauce and will just drink it!  
I also really love their ice as it goes so well with their iced tea and I think it might be the best ice in NOLA and I want to find out what kind of machine makes it as I want one.  They also have good beer and wine specials.  The sandwiches are very tasty but maybe a bit overpriced for their size.  The salads have always been very good also.
I have heard a few negative reviews from some of my friends about the Canal Street location with their crust not being done properly but I've never had a problem at the Magazine Street location.Very nice atmosphere, cheap food and drinks. The thin pizza was a surprising hit. Our server was quick but a little dull. The only reason I can't give this place 5 stars is because the pizza gave me hiccups.I have so many pizzas that I love, but hands down best service of the uptown pizza joints is this Theos.   The staff is the difference.   Once, our specialty pizza of the day apparently was burnt in the lower oven and they comped us a round of free drinks without us asking.  Classy indeed.  The crazy thing is my sweets and I chat and giggle so much anyways we didnt even notice the extra length in time.  
The crust is right, the toppings are all awesome.  Dont pass up the pizza of the day either, you might miss an awesome combination!
Beer selection is good and atmosphere is chill.It was about 7 PM, after a long shitty day working hungover without any more than a fry or two to eat and then I realized... I had to have pizza. My friend and I  discussed either 2 neighborhood pizza spots; Midcity pizza, which I've had countless times, or Theo's, which neither of us had before. We decided on Theo's because reviews are great and why not try something new? We ordered the Hawaii-five-O for pickup and could smell the delicious aroma of this pizza all the way home I was nearly drooling. We plopped onto the couch, threw open the box, and THERE IT WAS, this pizza that despite it's amazing smells, didn't look that great at all. I grabbed a slice anyway and shoveled it into my mouth, only after a minute or two of actually thinking about this pizza I was eating I realized it wasn't that great either. The crust was too crunchy and flavorless, the ratio of ham to pineapple was outrageous .. Ham:1 pineapple:30 with 4 pieces of ham on it max, and also more sauce than I could bear.  I still didn't say anything to my friend since I didn't pay for it, only until once we were done he said, "man, that pizza wasn't that great", which then I very much agreed. But who knows, maybe it was a bad day in the kitchen? I understand, so I'll give it 3 stars. I won't say I'll never eat it again because it wasn't disgusting, it was just no more than mediocre. All I do know is the entire time I was eating this mediocre pizza, I couldn't help but think to myself how badly I wish I was eating Midcity pizza, instead.Omg!!!  Theo's pizza on magazine is like a horror movie taking place in a school yard. 13 Children running about screaming and management who will do nothing about it. In fact management told me to leave when I complained.
AVOID!!!!!!! An absolute nightmare!!Theo's hits THE spot. 
inventive, delicious pizzas. Quality beers. Down-to-Earth staff. I hear the owners are originally Little Rockers, so added points in my book for that.Love this place. They have really good pizzas and some amazing salads. My favorite is the arti-garlic pizza and the super soaked salad...good stuff. The wait staff are very nice and accommodating. Reasonably priced and portions are large. Highly recommend.Had the monthly special - roasted butternut squash and bacon.  Simply amazing. ...one of the best pizzas I've had in a whileLove it because it's close. We get the Hawaiian and they actually put thick slices of ham on it and its really good. Never had any other pizza from the menu.I pretty much have to regularly get my fix of 'The Expert' pizza - olive oil, minced garlic, spinach, mozzarella, fresh tomatoes, purple onion and crumbled BACON (emphasis added).  I appreciate that they aren't chintzy with the toppings.  Also, service is friendly and they don't rush you out at closing time (GREATLY appreciated).
For the most part, the pizza is consistently made, but I went at least once when it was different and not as good - mandatory points off for lack of consistency.  I do the $10 wine night every now and then and the wines are hit or miss - worth the gamble for the price though.this place is really cute. I wanted to like it. the atmosphere is comfortable, neighborhoody, friendly. it is so close to my house.  they give you fun signs after you order to tell the runners which table the food goes to.  they have that good crushed ice for your drinks.
but....
the service was pleasant although a bit apathetic after you sit given the counter service. 
most importantly the pizza- this is not pizza. 
at best it is flatbread. at worst it is a rounded off unsalted saltine cracker. the crust was so un-pizza like that it was somehow able to transform bacon, cheese, tomato & olive oil into something entirely not appealing. bacon and cheese, people. 
have you heard of the saltine cracker challenge? can't eat 10 in less than a minute? eating this pizza felt like a food challenge that I had been peer pressured to join. 
we ordered two of their special pizzas. I had to cover each bite in salt, pepper, shaker cheese to tolerate it. 
I'm sorry theo's. if you were called neighborhood saltines it would have been money.Quaint little place! Love the pizza! Got one called the swamp thing! Soooo good! Wouldn't say its the best pizza in New Orleans! But it is definitely good enough to try out! The service is also good too! And you don't have to wait real long for the food to be ready. The salads are good too! Can't remember which one I had but it was pretty good!The pizza is just okay.  The crust is thin and dry, the sauce seems to be just tomatos, not much seasoning or originality in the toppings.  It is certainly edible, but I think Reginelli's or Slice offer far superior pizza.  What has earned Theo's 3 stars for me are the yummy salads and other extras.  The Soaked Salad and the Sweet Spinach Salad are both really yummy and a nice size.  The cheesy garlic bread, for some reason, is really really tasty. They are like little bread pillows with garlic butter and a blob of melted mozzarella on top, and I love them.  Service is fast and friendly, nice little outside seating area on Magazine Street, and of course pellet ice in the fountain drinks, and drink specials.  If the pizza were better here, I would go all the time.Loved coming here! Everyone was super friendly and I loved all their options. I didn't leave the restaurant feeling stuffed and bloated like one usually would after eating some pizza.Consistently delicious pizza (try the Jammer's "O"riginial... it's simply fantastic), friendly service, and a decidedly local feel that keeps me coming back for more.
Theo's Neighborhood Pizza is a "slice" above the other pizza chains in New Orleans (i.e. Reginelli's or Fresco) and is comparable to favorites such as Slice.
However, if you're planning on going anytime during peak hours, know that this place gets crowded very easily and may be filled with nice families and their very loud and complaining children (Major bummer).
Moreover, make sure to make it in on a Tuesday for $1 draft night. $1 drafts! Crazy great deal.
If you're uptown on Magazine and are in the mood for some delicious pizza, skip Reginellis and make it to Theo's. You won't be disappointed!Theos makes a decent pizza pie but not great. They are an average pizza place in a market void of great pizza.Walking along Magazine street on a really got day and we suddenly got starving. We walked in here, checked out the menu, saw customizable options and said YES. I ordered a customized sandwich with veggies and it was excellent. Great music. Sweet waitress. Affordable. Good for a quick yummy bite.I loveeeeee their pizza. So many good choices! We are in recently and they have a great local selection of beer. Whole we were there, the mayor picked up pizzas. That good!Great neighborhood pizza joint.  And they have pellet ice.Grilled cheese sandwich with three types of cheeses, sourdough bread, add tomato & basil for another 1.40$ so delicious! 5* paired with blue moon draft...fruit the beer with orange slices.
Sweet spinach salad, dressing was unique in that it was a thicker balsamic (reduced? Or thicker from honey?) cheese was goat!! Much better than feta. Walnuts, cranberry, purple onion combo. 5*
Too bad you gotta go to the bar to order dishes, refill drinks, & re-order beer. Self seating, nice wait staff will clear your table when you're finished. Ambience nice, airy, neat brick & pipe plumbing decor.One topping small pizza was supposed to be $8.00 as it said on the menu board. That's what I ordered- a mushroom pizza & tea. The total was $12.00 &  change. I didn't pay attention til I got home & checked my bill. I was charged $ 1.50 for mushrooms- $2.50 for tea.Maybe I misunderstood what I was reading about the pizza. I learned my lesson- pay attention & ask the staff about the menu. Having said all that, the pizza was pretty darn tasty.Founded 2004.  Pizza   Great loaded chicken and artichoke "rebo" salad.  Hot wings are small but tender and decent.  Good fountain sodas.  Old School video game.  Great sidewalk seating in front in cool Uptown Magazine St spot.The pizza at Theo's is some of the best in the city, and I recently had an excellent customer service experience there, too.  
An evening during Jazz Fest, my partner and I rolled in and ordered cheesy bread sticks (delicious, by the way) and a pizza, plus some sodas.  The menu warns that it can take a half an hour for them to prepare your pizza, and the place was hopping so we settled in for a wait.  It was still within 30 minutes of ordering (around the 20 minute mark), but we noticed that a party that had ordered after us got its food, while we were still foodless.  I headed up to the counter to make sure they hadn't lost our order, and was greeted by the manager.  He explained that our pizza and bread sticks had accidentally burned, and were almost done being re-prepared.  He was extremely apologetic, and insisted, without any prompting, on comping our entire meal.  Plus, he comped us a second round of drinks, again without us asking or hinting.  Even though they were extremely busy, and even though they had to make our meal twice, we still received the pizza and bread sticks within the 30 minute window.
This ranks among the best customer service experiences I have ever had.  Also, as I mentioned, the pizza is excellent.  We recently moved to the neighborhood, and we will definitely return.Don't ever place an order for pick up and think it's going to be there! The first time I called in an order for pick up, they told me 15 min. I went in 15 minutes later and the kitchen said they never got the order. Between the cash register/phone and the kitchen is only 4 feet away! The second time I called in an order to be picked up they said 20-25 min. I went in 25 minutes later, and they gave my food away to someone else! They said it was an accident. They tried to make it up by rushing to make my order again and offering me a gift card for next time. Why the f__k would I ever want to go back???It's good pizza for New Orleans, but average to possibly below average for any true pizza culture city. We ordered a large West Bank Pizza with a large House Salad and some wings.  The pizza pie tasted good and was super filling with bacon, chicken, pineapple, red peppers, and jalapenos on it. 
The wings were rubbery and weird tasting and the salad was literally just chopped romaine lettuce with some black olives and mozarella cheese on top for half the price of a large pizza. I think Theo's should be able to do a much better job with their wings and salads. Really too bad because I live next door. 
Pizza was really good for New Orleans so I give it a 4 out of 5. 
Big Plus- They have a vintage Ms. Pacman Machine.Love the pizza here.  It is equivalent to other great spots I've found across the US.  The place is clean, staff are friendly, and the food is the star.  Skip the chain spots and go for authentic gourmet pizza that tastes great.  Another fine Magazine St. restaurant.New favorite pizza spot in New Orleans.  Great, crispy thin crust with a classic, slightly tangy sauce and greasy cheese.  We just grabbed a large pepperoni which was more than enough for three of us (probably better for four people).  The staff here are friendly and helpful, the atmosphere is laid back.straight up good and tasty
nice specials with fresh veggies according to the time of year.   fresh fresh
fast too.The spinach salad with walnuts and raspberry dressing is to die for and I've loved every pizza I've tried. It's consistently great at either this location or the new one.Clean restaurant and friendly service.  They have interesting selections of pizza.  
Greek salad- good big enough for 2 side salads.
Pizza- I would have given 4 stars if they used real Italian sausage.  The sausage is a pebbly sage/breakfast style sausage.  Crust is thin light and crispy.  We split a pizza with artichokes garlic, onion and other veg on one half and the other was a meat and veg pizza, our usual standard.  
If we returned and wanted meat I would either try a chicken variety or pepperoni.This is a perfectly middle of the road pizza place.  I could take it or leave it.  Nothing great here to rave about.  it's is good average pizza IMOI called in an order and was told they were very busy and the wait time would be 30 minutes. "Ok, no problem." I said. What a mistake. I got there and waited ANOTHER 30 minutes before the food was ready, the portions were very small, and despite how 'busy' they said they were, I saw many empty tables. I went home to enjoy my meager pizza only to discover the bottom of it was burnt. Yuck! What a let down. I will never eat here again in my life!The staff is awesome and friendly.
 I remember when this was the first place to open after Katrina in the area and they've taken good care of the customers since! 
The specials are always good and the beer prices for happy hour are always a good excuse to leave work early, he he!
Makes me hungry thinking of the pizza....Pizza was yummy, had the margarita and it was good, done with lots of fresh tomatos, basil and cheese. The draft beer was good and cold, brooklyn lager was good but it would have been really nice to have a Nola beer available. The only thing i did not like were the wings, after we ordered i began to wonder if a pizza joint like Theo's has a deep fryer. alas they do not and the wings were apparently baked, not the best way to fix 'em.I've never had a bad meal here.  I just went back, and it was just as good as I remembered.  The sandwiches are fresh, and the pizza is really good.  I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for lunch/dinner and a beer uptown.Maybe my expectations of pizza are really high but I'm not sure why they have such a high rating. Went for Pizza Wars (a local pizza contest that has 10 participating restaurants) and was excited as I always pass in en route to the Irish channel. Unfortunately, I wasn't impressed. Their service was great but we tried a few pizzas in our group and none particularly stood out as impressive or above par. I couldn't place why but nothing was extraordinary; just a good ol' regular pizza.Loved this place. Had the $8 lunch special, 1 topping pizza with drink. Paid up and got 2 toppings, sausage and whole garlic. Nom nom nom!!! Will be going back. Some of the best pizza I've ever had ... EVER!!!