We purchased a Togo almond croissant which was  over $4. Unfortunately when we got back to our hotel & took a bite it was completely stale. How can a bakery sell you stale goods? Those need to be thrown out. Horrible experience. Should have realized it would be bad. We walked past this cafe about 6 times whilst staying at the Roosevelt & it was always quiet. Stay away from owners who sell you stale goods!Definitely get the breakfast croissant.  It's amazing and has a baked egg in the middle.  The other pastries I tried were flakey and delicious.  Excellent coffee as well.Absolutely the highlight of our time in New Orleans. Pastries, breads, cakes, muffins and sandwiches all fantastic.
Come for breakfast then return for lunch. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu or in the case.Such a great bakery and awesome staffs.  They even gave an extra pastry for me and a friend while we were enjoying their bake goods. Staff are very friendly. Great place to sit and have coffee and pastriesI visited this morning for a vanilla almond milk latte and was thrilled to see that they use real vanilla extract for flavoring and a non-carrageenan brand of almond milk! The staff was so pleasant and offered me a free pastry. :) Happy to have another great coffee shop close to my office!TM has everything perfect for a coffee shop. Great coffee, pastries, vibe... Highly recommend it.Staying at a hotel down the road so this place was perfect , every morning I would walk down get coffee and the lady as well as the baker where both super nice and helpful. Coffee was delish , the last day I got an assortment of pastries for the road trip and everyone loved them. Highly recommend :)Really nice shop with an amazing selection of pastries. We tried a blueberry scone and a danish. Both were awesome. The coffee was also really good. I think the best part is the barista. He was so friendly and kind. If you're looking for a great place that's off bourbon street, check this out.Came across this place while trying to get a latte at the Piscobar (closed).  Pastries smelled fabulous, I got an assortment of pastries for my family and it was a big hit.  I had a savory croissant which was crispy on the outside and perfectly soft in the center.The place I was looking for was closed. So I ended up here. Very charming atmosphere, and friendly staffI came back not twice, but three times! This place is sublime, home made delicious pastries, tasty coffee and pleasant fast service, just what you need to kick start your day!Amazing service the food is incredible! We will be coming back for sure, pastries are delicious! We took some to goSo many selections here. I had the best Danish in New Orleans actually much better than Chicago! My partner had Cranberry muffin he loved it! 
Keep it up the great work Mr Thomas.
Whole Food go to the left! 555Me and my husband had ham and cheese croissant , smoked salmon sandwich and vege sandwich... it was soooo good! Making me hungry again by thinking about it!! 
And their coffeeeeeeeee !!!! is the best!This place was SO good that I went three times in one weekends. For lunch I got one of the salads with chicken and it was plenty filling especially considering the reasonable price. I also tried the coffee and pastries which were fantastic. Almond monkey bread was delicious! The perfect mixture of traditional monkey bread and an almond croissant. And moist. Sometimes things look better than they taste but this tasted just as good as it looked. The service was fantastic too. The girl at the counter remembered me and was super sweet and made sure everything was perfect.  This would be a really cute place to sit and work during the week. Loved it!I love everything about this place and am so lucky I live close by - although it's worth a trip. The breads and pastries are to die for and the lunch items that I've had are light yet filling and very well pricedPerfect snack in the morning. Don't miss out on the almond monkey bread and cold brew to go.Both times I have come I have thoroughly enjoyed my blueberry scone I've gotten on the walk to work. I really enjoyed that the blueberries were still plump when you bit into it which I really enjoyed instead of dehydrated little blueberry raisins. Last trip my fiance got the ham and cheese croissant for breakfast which was crisp on the outside but still super light. It was the perfect choice for a quick breakfast. TM is a small and quiet little bakery, and I am bummed it isnt bustling. Last I checked it doesn't have free wifi. Once it does I will definitely have to post up in there to do work every now and then. 
I'd also be super interested to find out when things come out the oven, so I could get them while they are hot.This place is amazing. I have been in town for a month now and they are responsible for 1/2 of my weight gain. I have to get two things instead of one whenever I go in because it all looks so good and I can't choose. Their almond croissants are ridiculously good -I pine for them all day. The turnovers are so puffy and flaky they are almost all air. Chocolate danish is ooey-gooey.  Danish selections seem to change daily. Their savory selections include ham and cheese, smoked sausage and cheese, egg and herb, all on a croissant crust. Ham and cheese seems to sell out quickly. They have cookies and breads and a refrigerator case for things like eclairs and napoleons. I do wish they were open at 6 instead of 7 in the morning. They also aren't open on Sundays. Very simple, high quality bakery and cafe. If you want something made with a whole lot of butter and a little bit of flour and sugar, this is the place to go in the CBD. Not a terrible walk from the quarter, either.Great spot for pastries!  I came in the other day for pastries for clients.  Their croissants are delicious and my clients raves about them as well! The shop is really cute!  Thomas the chef and Owner is very nice as well! Only wish they took Amex.Nice little place near our hotel. The praline and pecan croissant was wonderful. The sausage and cheese croissant was every good as well.Amazing!! But even more amazing that it happened to be around the corner from where we were staying. 
My mom and I got up early to get first dibs on all the pastries and we walked in like two girls at Disney. Honestly if we could we would've gotten one of everything. We ended up getting the strawberry and cheese streusel, praline croissant, almond croissant, blueberry tart (?), and the almond monkey one. 
The croissants were flaky, buttery, and rich. - actually you could probably say that for all of them. I especially enjoyed the blueberry tart croissant one (not sure of the exact name) but it was a favorite because it wasn't overly sweet. The blueberry filling wasn't reduced to a jelly but stayed in its natural form with a slight blueberry sauce which paired so well with the pastry itself. 
We ordered a cold brew and a latte to go with our pastries and it was also fantastic - not too bitter and not watered down.
Overall, bravo. You've hit jackpot on this place if you're in the area.I had to run in to make a takeout order with my dog and they were extremely friendly. It always makes me feel bad coming in with a dog without checking first and their warmth was really appreciated. The light in the space is phenomenal. I got a BLAT, a cookie, and a cappuccino. All three were great. The bread was insanely good. The cookie was dense, with great texture, and a unique, lovely flavor.If someone can PLEASE post their pastry/dessert menus here that'd be great. I called to get pricing and the guy seemed oblivious. I'm all about supporting new local business, especially downtown, where it's tough to compete. But I'd hate to visit only to be disappointed.This little coffee/pastry shop was right next to our hotel when we were in New Orleans.  On one of our first days, we woke up late and couldn't make it to our originally planned breakfast spot so we decided to grab a quick snack and coffee before our swamp tour.  
We walked in and were greeted promptly by the very friendly workers.  Wifey got a ham and cheese croissant and I went with the chicken salad.  Both were really really good!  I ended up ordering another croissant for later!  Coffee was good too!Wandered down here intent on finding something yummy before heading to the airport. I am sad to say that the blueberry muffin is the best muffin I've ever had. It was moist, packed with blueberries, and absolutely delicious. I wish I had found this place sooner! Might stop by for a second before leaving town...We stopped in this cute little place on a Saturday morning. My husband ordered a chocolate croissant and an iced mocha. I ordered a chicken breast salad with pecans and croutons along with an apple turnover, chocolate cake, and an iced latte. Everything was so fresh and tasty. The salad dressing was delicious, savory, and not overpowering as you often find with salads. My three-year-old kept taking bites of it and asked for more after I finished. The baked goods were perfectly light and flaky without being too oily or too sweet. My husband commented on the great taste of everything and the quality of the ingredients. Customer service was super friendly and very accommodating. One of the best bakeries/coffee shops I've ever been to. We highly recommend this place!The rolls, breads and pastries are to die for.  Delicious coffees and teas.  Quaint cafe, with a nice variety.  If you want to have something made special, you need only to let them know the day before, since everything is made fresh daily.Chocolate croissant, Almond Fragipane and Strawberry Cheese Danish were all delicious. Almond fragipane was my favorite. I will definitely be back.I was looking for a good lunch spot, and this was it. I had the almond croissant and if felt fresh and was very good. I would definitely go back here for a quick meal.Looking for this place was a little difficult to find, but by coincidence we happened to walk by and I'm so happy we stopped! It was clean, and the customer service was great! But nothing compared to the food/ pastries! All around awesome experience!Praline croissant -- first time experience -- excellent!  Oatmeal raisin cookies -- best ever: fresh, soft, low sugar!  One suggestion: please change your tea brand to something more respectable.  :-)Beautifully delicious pastries, salads and sandwiches - made in house including the sugared pecans.Hard to find, but worth it!  It was very clean and decorated so cute inside! Food was amazing. The BALT sandwich was delicious! The avocado spread was mouth watering! Can definitely split it with someone else. The owner, Thomas, was so nice and friendly. Must order the monkey bread and blueberry scones! Definitely a must place to eat while in New Orleans!Super cute coffee shop. Espresso, pastries, sandwiches and salads. Great first stop just off the E2 bus from the airport. Egg and cheese croissant was fantastic.Due to the storm, the one at 335 Baronne St. In New Orleans, like other businesses were shut down.  I hope you'll be able to open back up before I leave.  Maybe consider opening another back east in the Maryland area.Best bakery ever!!  We've been going to TM Bakery in the CBD since they opened.  The croissants are as though you are in Paris. His chocolate muffins are simply fabulous.   
He actually  made donuts especially for us for our Donut Week!  Great service!!
Additionally-we love his chicken salad lunchCome here if you have a sweet tooth or just want a nice muffin.
- Found this place just walking by one day & now I come here at least twice a week 
- Nice Staff 
- Ton of options from Croissants, Muffins, Cookies, Brownies, & many many more 
- Sandwiches are okThe pastries are delicious and coffee is great. I had an almond croissant and almond monkey bread and they melt in your mouth!Fresh pastries!!! Everything I had was delicious. I would like to go at least once a week!!! The menu is minimal.place was really nice selection of bread awesome really good chicken coleslaw salad sandwich I would stop by again to try dessertsWe came here twice during our visit. It was located right down the street from our hotel. Small inside with a few tables. Great coffee, breakfast sandwiches, cakes, pastry's, breads, and more. 
Super clean, pretty decor with amazing service from the staff and owner. The owner was there both times we came and he is very friendly and hands on. 
My husband had a chocolate croissant and daughter had a breakfast croissant. Everything is baked in house and so fresh and delicious. They have a lunch menu with a variety of great looking sandwiches. We never got back for lunch, bummer. 
Great place to stop in for breakfast, lunch, sweets and coffee.We just discovered this charming bakery and coffee shop. Everything delicious and a beautiful espresso machine. Friendly service and unique gift succulent candles.Their high yelp review is well-deserved.  I was looking for a local coffee/pastry shop to tide us over before our late brunch.  This was near our hotel.  I had the apple danish and it was delicious.  My friends had the cherry danish and the egg croissant and they loved them.  The coffee was also good, but a bit pricey.  The service was great and we had a chance to chat with the owner.  I'm happy we stopped here.Amazingly good! So fresh. We went there several mornings in a row while at conference to grab something and go. I had the cherry cheese danish and a latte. I also tried a cranberry scone. Really good! Prices comparable to Starbucks but pastries so much fresher. Yum!!!!Stayed at a hotel around the corner and stumbled into this place on the second morning! Went there everyday after that! Delicious coffee, savory croissants, and pastries! We especially loved the ham and cheese croissant and iced latte!! So delicious!Had a Ham & Cheese croissant and an Almond one too. Both were excellent!! Easy walk from Canal Street, but if you don't pay attention you could walk right past.Stumbled upon this little gem during a staycation and was amazed enough by the quality of the pastries and croissants to write a rave. The drip coffee was even delicious and well made. When in the CBD, I will stop here from now on! Try that almond monkey bread. OMG.I like this place. The sandwich I got was huge and the bread and as fresh and amazing. Literally every roasted vegetable I like was on it from roasted red peppers to artichokes. I would have appreciated thicker and more mozzarella though. There was only one slice and it was pretty thin. The coffee was good - not too bitter. 
As for the atmosphere, it's a nice place to hang out. The art on the walls are beautiful and each wooden table had a beautiful succulent display. However, I did notice that there are no power outlets and no WiFi. This is something they will want to fix, especially the power outlets, which universally everybody needs. I have unlimited data so I don't actually choose where to park myself based on WiFi but most people do.I was looking for a local bakery, near my hotel, to tide me over before my late brunch.  This place did not disappoint! My friend and I had different danishes/turnovers that were both delicious.  Our other friend had a croissant with egg.  She also loved it.  It is cozy, but not cramped, inside and the staff is friendly.  The coffee is a bit pricey, but it is a great place to stop for a pastry fix!Love everything about this place!
I've been looking for a healthy affordable lunch option in the area for over a year and a half, and I'm so happy to have found this place! 
The girl who took my order was very sweet. The cold brew was absolutely amazing, as was the sandwich. I was also pleasantly surprised with a bag of corn chip like crackers (not entirely sure how to describe them, but they're awesome)The turkey croissant I got here was super delicious! It was sort of slow moving because there was only one employee to make coffee and serve and checkout people but I eventually got my food and coffee. It is a small area for seating but it is chill. All of the pastries looked delicious, I will definitely go back again when I'm in the CBD.Omg please put the rest of your menu on uber eats. After the sandwich I just had I MUST try your pastries, please! I had the BLAT and it was delicious. They breads was magical and the tomatoes were fresh and tasty! And I don't usually like raw tomatoes. Great cold brew too. William definitely be ordering again. I can't post a photo because I ate everything too quickly.Just like everyone else says, this place is sooooo delicious. Have only been for pastries/muffins and coffee, ham and cheese croissant is divine and my daughter swears by the apple muffin. GO!I've ordered from this place on 4 seperate occasions and they literally will STILL get the order,wrong. 
I stopped bothering to call to call correct it when i realized it won't change anything,and whoever answers the phone can't be bothered to acknowledge a needed correction.
Definitely NOT coming back.I've only stopped in to get their savory pastries and coffee, but I must've come in at least ten times since I found this place a couple months ago. The person working at the counter has always been friendly and helpful. I hadn't tried the egg herb and cheese pastry until he pointed it one morning, and I had definitely been missing out. Do yourself a favor and try it, or try all 3 of their savory pastries, they've always hit the spot. Location is convenient and their food is always consistent, so I wouldn't be surprised if I find myself stopping in tomorrow.While staying in a hotel in the CBD, my wife and I wanted to find a local pastry shop for a light breakfast and coffee. Luckily, this little shop was one block away from our hotel. As huge strawberry fanatics, we were thrilled to find they had several strawberry filled pastries. We opted for the strawberry strudel and strawberry danish.  We are these as we slowly made our journey to the aquarium. Both the strudel and danish were light and not overly too sweet. The price was much better than the tourist cafes in the French Quarter.Awesome little place in the CBD with ample seating, generous fair prices and delicious coffee. Simple syrups on the coffee dressing-bar! The herbed egg pastry was out of this world. Pricing is much better than the lackluster places in the quarter. The staff were great  and friendly also. A quiet little escape for a slow morning.Had several of their pastries. All were fantastic. The danish, pocket, and croissant were all perfectly baked and delicious.I stay at Le Pavillon or NOPSI for almost all my visits to New Orleans and both are right by TM Breads & Patries, so guess where my husband sneaks out to every morning and gets us a lite bite before we start our day. 
The inside of TM is really simple with distressed, wood tables and chairs and nice succulent plants on each table and the food counter displays so many goodies. A while ago they only had a few items and nowadays they have a much better assortment. 
The muffins and croissants are great but my husband usually likes to try something different each time he comes and then surprises me. The last visit we got a sweet and savory assortment for us to have on the plane home; ham and swiss croissant sandwich then a chocolate croissant for dessert. Quite good.TM has the best cakes in the city.  I am in charge of buying the cakes for our office birthday parties and I have been going to TM since they opened.  Their cakes are incredible, and they can make almost any flavor you want.  I have also had their breakfast sandwiches and a sandwich at lunch and it is all incredible.  Many of my co-workers have been there and everyone says the same thing!Was excited to try this place after reading the reviews.  I asked the person at the register if she had any recommendations, and she suggested the monkey bread.  So I ordered that with a latte.   Unfortunately the monkey bread was hard and bland.  After a couple of bites, I asked her to warm it up hoping to soften it up. But even after warming it, it was still hard.   Maybe that's why she didn't offer to warm it up when I ordered?  Should have gone with a croissant!Wow they know how to make pastries. Perfectly flaky layers with a slight crisp on the outside. Perfection. 
Cute bakery inside with a variety of options of croissants, breads and scones. 
We tried the pecan praline croissant and were blown away with the first bite! Loved the pecan praline topping. 
The ham and cheese croissant was just as amazing. It was warmed up for me. And my husband LOVED it! 
We visiting from out of town for the weekend and I wanted a pastry. We got it to go and are it in the car. We will be coming back for more! 
We also had monkey bread, which I've had this before. But wow this was amazing compared to what I've had.As I was reading yelp reviews on this place, I came across someone who said they ate "the best danish ever" here. And let me tell you this, they were not lying. This danish is hands-down the most delicious piece of bread I have ever consumed in my entire life. I'm going to go back and get another to-go. 
The atmosphere is nice, cute, and CLEAN! Great experience overall.This place is my new favorite place! I love the atmosphere and the smell of freshly baked baguette. All the cakes look really cute. My friends and I tried sandwiches with a cup of coffee, followed by carrot and red velvet cake. Amazing! Pastry chef here really impressed me. Quality bread and coffee. My only complain is that the door is broken, and it doesn't close on its own. I'd definitely recommend trying this place out!The decor is so calming and polished. Clean lines and very peaceful setting in the midst of the bustling city. Very thoughtful design and atmosphere. 
Polite southern service and amazing fresh pastries! The breakfast & lunch menu is well selected & offers a variety of choices.
I will definitely be back!Best croissants  this side of heaven. If you're a morning person in search of great coffee and pastries this is your location.  The croissants are soooo buttery and flaky your mouth will water  once you see these amazing pastries  bon a petitCute shop, friendly counter person. Everything looked great, but was a bit on the bland side. We got an almond croissant, praline croissant and a blueberry scone.It's so true this is the best Danish I ever had. I ended up eating two Danish for breakfast. Almond croissant is very tasty too. One of the best bakeries I've ever been to.We were in New Orleans for four days and didn't find this place till after the first day; needless to say, we had breakfast there for the next three days. it was both marvelous and scrumptious! It's an old world style bakery that serves wonderful fresh pastries as well as breakfast sandwiches. By the way the coffee there is amazing!!!Lovely French bakery  I bought a lot of different croissants, Ciabatta bread, and my husband ordered a sausage and eggs breakfast sandwich. They were all excellent. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. I  asked for jam for my bread (to go) and they gave me some free jam in a cup. The place is also cute and quaint .My sister surprised me with some pastries a few days ago. My favorite was the Apple Strudel. It was flaky with the right amount of fresh apple flavor. Not too sweet and a little tart, just the way I like it. Yum!Just finished an incredible sandwich from here! I had the roasted veg with mozzarella and pesto on rosemary bread. It was divine with fresh ingredients and delicious bread. I only intended to eat half and save the rest for my hubby...I devoured the whole thing. Excellent customer service with a smile. Thank you TM - I'll see you in the morning for one of your pastries and tea :))I walked up Barrone and notices this bakery and stopped in for a look around.  The breads and pastries are freshly made daily and the ingredients are of the best quality.  The service was good, and I would highly recommend this bakeryThis place is a must if you enjoy baked goods. I loved everything I tried here and the staff is very nice too. I recommend it over any busy breakfast spot.I had ham & cheese croissant and my boyfriend had one with strawberries & cream cheese. This was the best croissant I've ever had. I travel to NO at least once/year. I'll definitely be back.The best bakery ever. Food was fresh and delicious. Pastries. Muffins are so good & sandwiches.Missing TM breads this year (COVID). Would love a king cake or two from them. The nicest inside dining with delicious coffee (and everything really). Highly recommend.I came in here and had the best almond monkey bread I've ever tasted. I love the almond infused into a cinnamon-y flaky pastry. It was all kinds of delicious. Definite 5 stars. But then...
Returned literally two days later to order the exact same thing yet it was NOTHING like the last one. It was dry, it had no almond flavor, and it tasted like it was day old bread. It seriously had the quality of a pastry you would find at a convenience store in a gas station. How horribly inconsistent this experience was. Definite one star for that. If a bakery can make an amazing item once, that's great. But if they can make that same amazing taste over and over again, then that is a quality 5 star spot. I've never come across a place that had such a huge change in taste from one day to the next. They went from 5 stars to 1 star in my book, which is why I averaged it and gave them 3. Just consumer beware! You may not always get what you're hoping you're paying for.Unlike my husband who will happily eat the same thing for breakfast day after day, I could not tolerate even one more day of the free hotel breakfast fare. To my delight, this  was in the same block so I strolled on over. The place is relatively  small but had lots of available seats given that it was relatively early on a Saturday morning.   The selection of pastries and breakfast sandwiches was quite extensive. I had a medium coffee and the most delicious almond monkey bread. The monkey bread was flaky, and crunchy in places and sweet but not too sweet. Definitely worth a stop for good coffee and excellent pastries!