The restaurent is very clean inside. You can order either from the menu and from the bar. Food on the bar look so fresh. I got 2 sapate orders of 1 meat and 2 sides. I chose grill chicken( with a hint of lemon grass, so freaking delicious and tender), got 2 boneless thigh meat. I got brocolli possible steam or sauteed..yummy and mash potatoes with gravy. For 2 order, it was less than $20. So much food and so good. The ladies, an Asian and a White woman were so friendly. I wish they were in Atlanta, I would love to get more food there in the future...For a hole in the wall kind of place the food is freaking phenomenal ! The mashed potatoes are to die for and they give you a generous serving even the crawfish pasta which they allow you to use as a side is absolutely delicious ! I ordered the steak my boyfriend ,the ribs . The ribs were better the steak was a bit dry but it was still really the Best food we have had in a few days . We are certainly impressed ,happy and full and will definitely be back! The shrimp in the shrimp pasta is the tiniest bit bland and the ribeye a bit over cooked , but other than that we are very happy with everything we ordered! And at the prices we paid we really really cannot complain. 27 dollars plus a tip and we are leaving with more leftovers than we can finish in two days.I love boiled crawfish and this place has some of the best I've ever had! I will definitely come back here next time I visit. I ate 3 lbs. in one sitting. My boyfriend has the shrimp fried rice and loved it. It's not fancy looking but it's soooo good!!!Food was good and the servings are huge. The customer service was great as well which is always a plus for me.Since this is the ending of the season to get crawdads around 8 pm on a Sunday. We made phone calls around to several places to make sure they were fresh and ready for our arrival. This was The only place that still had some at the time. We were super stoked and drove straight there! The atmosphere is not pretty for the eyes to be honest, it was made for quick take outs for a reason. We didn't want to stink up our hotel room so we decided to kill 9 lbs right there and then. The flavors were amazing,  definitely had some Vietnamese influence in the seasoning. I know this because I am Vietnamese and I cook it like that all the time. Overall this spot saved our crawdads cravings. But yeah, to-go that shit unless u wanna be eyesored lolI come here all the time, as it's around the corner from my house. 
Firstly, the crawfish boudin. Omg. Don't debate it; just do it.  Then check out the hot bar & see if anything looks good. Hint: it all will. I usually get a stuffed pepper plate with the green beans & cabbage or mashed potatoes. 
I've gotten the boiled crawfish here and it was good & spicy, but I'd recommend you get it earlier than later so you don't get a ton of legs in the bag. 
I also like coming in because you always meet someone friendly from the neighborhood. It's a good experience. And you leave with delicious crawfish boudin. Mmmmmm...This review is way over due! Lets start of by saying that I went to multiple places to eat in the main tourist place that were a bit pricey and didnt taste so authentic like THIS SPOT!!!! We stayed down the street from this place but like any other tourist we decided to go have breakfast lunch and dinner in the boujie spots. Last day we decided to go here after knowing that the moms and pops places seem to always be more authentic we decided to go here! Greatest decision ever!!!!! The nice lady with the glasses told me they were known for their crawfish and let me tell you the flavor was like no other. She was even nice enough to teach me the right way to eat these(never had any in my life) OMG BEST FOOD EVER! It was so delishes that even my friend got an order(she dont even eat seafood) We had some fried chicken and corn and potatoes and everything was delishes! You must try this place for authentic food! Plus it was super cheap!!! You would be paying triple for what you could here in other places. Trust me. :)Had a plate from here for dinner. Cool lady serving the food was nice enough to let me try all the chicken because I was so unsure of what to eat at first. Everything smelled and looked so appetizing but I only needed food for 1. I had a piece of fried fish and 2 sides. I was expecting the usual corner store reaction after I took my first bite but I was wrong. The cooks at this particular Cajuns have mastered the art of using the right seasoning to a science! The staff were nice and loaded my plate with food for such a great price. Go there now. You'll definitely become addictedThey make it fresh right in front of you. My wife bought a pound of crab legs here. We are back again for two pounds to go. Guess it is good seafood. People line up out the door. They are doing something right.I really like this place. It's big and clean with a good flow of traffic every day. I'm usually in line with several other people, admiring their buffet or looking at their menu. 
I've tried their hamburger steak plate which is a ton of food for $7.99. Two big chunks of ground beef with two sides, I usually make it into my lunch and dinner. 
I've also had their ribs which are also moist and flavorful. I do think the ribs at Orchid's is a better deal though. Orchid's give you 2-3 ribs for $8.99. Today's only gives you one. 
With sides, you can't go wrong with their shrimp pasta and spaghetti casserole.
There's also a few tables there, so you can sit there to enjoy your food instead of rushing to your next place. During lunch, they usually have one or two open.Great food for cheap. The mash potatoes is phenomenal. It is as mash should be - dense and creamy. Additionaly the gumbo captures the true spirit of gumbo since it was originally a poor person's food. Many restaurant has tried to capitalize on gumbo making this simple but delicious dish more expensive than it should be. But here, it is served at a right price w great taste - $2.99 for a smallLove this place! The portion sizes are big for the affordable price. Their crawfish was seasoned very well and the shrimp pasta was delicious! I got two portions of food to take home in a cooler haha. A very authentic cajun and creole food experience and their corn bread was perhaps the best I've ever had.Best Crawfish in NOLA, Super nice service and well worth the walk. We will be back next time in New OrleansWow! What a great accidental find.  I can't list everything but chicken, pork chops, catfish, noodles, shrimp pasta, broccoli, rice, crayfish pie, all really good.  The prices take it over the top.  Best prices in the area especially the French quarter of course.  Po boys were like 40% cheaper here, just didn't have a chance to try had enough food already.  The two gals working the counter were polite, helpful and gracious!!Came here because Kayla's was closed.  Had gumbo and cornbread on recommendations of other reviews.  They were not wrong.  Best gumbo I've had in New Orleans.  Worth the trip.Worst boiled shrimp I've ever had!!! Had gumbo, boiled shrimp and cabbage cause they ran out of everything. Food seems not clean, and shrimp not even have taste. They charge $3 for tiny size of cabbage, unbelievable!Forever will this be my must visit when down in nawlins. The prices are great and you can create yout own meal with one main and two sides, etc. It some of the best local food out there.Gumbo and red beans and rice are awesome!  Try the shrimp o boys too. Really good foodThis was a real disappointment. Their seafood is over breaded and fried until it is hard. Just awful!!!!Crawfish were cold and half of the bag was claws. Flavor was decent. I didn't get a chance to try anything other than the crawfish.Not fancy but you get your no-nonsense Cajun-style itch scratched here. I saw a lot of locals picking up stuff to take home for dinner. That's a good sign. Not too many seats in the joint. The mud bugs had the just the right amount of spice and heat. Worth a go.Extremely disappointed, went there for the crawfish and seafood. Despite what photos show , this is not their expertise . It's Chinese food and some gumbo and jambalaya, but mostly Chinese food.food looks like it was sitting their for a long time, did not look fresh .  Based on reviews in search of seafood , was excited , took a $15 uber all to be beyond greatly disappointed .Wholesome, delicious, reasonably priced, and as long as you don't need ambiance, it's perfect. Highly recommended. We'll be back!My husband, daughter and I can here today. BEST decision EVVVVERRRR!!! My daughter had the crawfish with corn and potatoes. She absolutely loved it. My husband had the honey chicken with red beans/rice. He was salivating with every bite. I had bourbon chicken with shrimp pasta and spaghetti... can you say AMAZING!!!! Their drink selection was great as well. I found French Vanilla Barq's  
Such a great find!!!Had dinner here for like the 30th time. The food here is always plentiful, hot, and fresh. And the staff here surely know how to serve you! Never a small portion! You can mix and match anything you like, and pig out! A must recommend!Loved this place we ended up here after way too much eating at "high" end places over the Memorial Day weekend. This place was down the street from our rental and man am I glad we stopped. The Shrimp Pasta is worth writing home about. Yes food sits on a hot table and you pick and chose what you want but everything was fresh and not dry when we went and that is impressive!Definitely worth the trip. 
The crawfish have just enough spice to be perfect. 
The soft shell crab Poboys is to die for.
Must go. We will be back!Maybe, it was because I had not eaten all day, or maybe it's just that damn GOOD!!
Found this place on Yelp heading back from a swamp tour. Tried pigs feet for the first time, it's almost as good as Chinese style pork belly, yes, that good. 
We had:
Crawfish pie (flakey outside, juicy inside)
Catfish, fried and grilled
Red Beans and rice
Green Beans
Seafood Gumbo
I could have eaten until I popped.Googled this place before going out of my way to try it out since I kept hearing from co-workers about how great it was and found this
http://www.digestny.com/news/2013/5/17/todays-cajun-seafood-in-new-orleans.html
They proved themselves true to all the compliments stated in the food article. I got the turkey necks, shrimp po-boy, pork chops with shrimp pasta and corn, and the gumbo (I was hauling food back for my son and husband). Needless to say, the dinner table that night was silent as we got our cajun crave satisfied. Will go out of my way again to be backThe food here is SERIOUS. They don't play with their po' boys, gumbo, or red beans and rice. When you walk in you may think you are in the wrong spot and may consider leaving because of appearance. Push through your preconceptions, order some gumbo and enjoy!
This place is awesome.Not lovin' it, not even likin' it. Was in the area to have beignets @ Loretta's & decided to stop in to try the crawfish boil & gumbo. Crawfish not ready so we started on the gumbo. Gumbo was  not to my taste. Was originally told boil would be 10-15 mins, but after eating the gumbo & waiting another 10 minutes went back to ask if boil was ready. Given curt answer by female employee; since the gumbo wasn't that good, we cut our losses & headed out - I'm  glad we left, too many other places to eat in NO.This place was an unexpected surprise. The parking lot was pretty empty and it was raining outside but decided to give it a try. Cafeteria style food with just a few tables. Special of the day was one meat and 2 sides from the steam table for 7.99. Hot food that was prepared with taste buds in mind. Everything was seasoned perfectly with generous portions. More than I could eat. Left with a full stomach without breaking the bank.I go here at least twice a week on my way to work and on my way home. I've tried almost everything and haven't been disappointed yet! Got my out of town in-laws to go here during the holidays and they couldn't stop raving about it. Tons to choose from too. My personal favorites are the shrimp pasta and gumboI got the gumbo as my first experience with the dish from its birthplace. I was pleasantly surprised with it. This is a great place to try it if your ready for your first taste. The cornbread was also awesome.Loved it! Had their crawfish and gumbo both had great flavor. Fairly priced . The lady let me try the crawfish before I ordered itFull disclosure: This place gave me nasty food poisoning and cut short my only night in town.
I'm fairly certain that we made a mistake and had originally meant to go to "Cajun Seafood" a bit further North, on Columbus St. I couldn't imagine Beyoncé eating in the establishment we wound up in (a factoid provided to us by a nice man in a bar who gave us the recommendation for the original place).
Today's Cajun Seafood, the place we stood in preparing to order, seems very much like a To-Go eatery. There is a hot food buffet in silver containers sitting out under heat lamps, presumably for hours on end. There is some semblance of it being a market, with racks of grains and cleaning products sparsely stocked in the center of the area for eating. The bathroom had no paper towels or drying machine, and the only soap was watered down and stored in a water bottle on the sink. Everything seemed somewhat filthy.
But what did we come here for? Crawfish. Boyfriend didn't want to leave NOLA without them, so despite the irksome atmosphere and level of freshness and cleanliness, I decided to trust all the positive Yelp reviews and give it a try.
We ordered 3 lbs of crawfish which came out to be $15, not bad. The women working behind the counter loaded them up in a big plastic sack of the back, and when we clarified that we intended to eat there, they put the bag on a large orange tray for us. So we started in on shucking and sucking the meat from the little guys.
The tails were the most substantial meat, as is the case with most crawfish. You can suck out the heads for flavor, but that flavor was a bit too spicy for me so I stuck to eating the tails and an occasional claw. We devoured about 1.5 lbs of the crawfish each, cleaned up, and left in search of more food (only a few ounces of meat are going to be consumed from a few pounds of crawfish). BF was happy to have had a ton of crawfish and we were both excited to keep going and try more food.
Except, this place made me really, really sick you guys. 
About 30min after eating here, my stomach began to rumble and be upset. This is the same stomach that handles mass amounts of seafood no problem, that had been drinking water all day and had only had 2 drinks up until this point. I chalk it up to being hungry still, until we get to Royal House near Bourbon St, and a few bites in I've almost entirely lost my appetite.
Tried sticking it out when we get back on the street, but the lights and music and sounds were kind of hard to handle and I had to stop and use the restrooms of a few different establishments to relieve myself of the nausea I was experiencing.
We get to Blacksmith Shop, the oldest bar in town, for a drink with some friends but by this time I don't even think I can stay. It's about 10pm, still really early, but I call a Lyft back to the place we're staying and proceed to expel poison out of my body on and off for hours during the night.
All I gotta say is, proceed with caution if you're curious about this place.What is wrong with the people that reviewed this restaurant!? This is a shit hole!! The food was all fried yesterday, the bathroom was disgusting.. Shit on the toilet, no towels, and no soap. Wtf!? I seriously put my finger down my throat to try to get rid of it before I left. Reviewers.. Please be serious!Cheap off the beaten path and nice people. They were even nice to the slight crazy guy they had to kick out. As previous reviews said this is cafeteria style. Great way to look at food and decide what you want. The soul food dishes are excellent but even better was the boiled seafood. Not only was it cheap but you could choose your portions. Get a little bit is crab or shrimp or crawfish and you won't believe how small you check is.Very tasty steam table food. We liked the gumbo the most. Definitely good value for money. Certainly off the beaten tourist path.The 3 day pot roast is awesome.  They give you plenty of food.  I highly recommend this NOLA irestaurant.  The red beens and rice and so good.This is one of the best places in New Orleans to eat. Every time I come to New Orleans I make sure I eat there, don't miss out the food is cheap and goodThis review is for the gumbo only. Though I have not tried every menu item at this restaurant, i have had the Salsbury steak (horrible) the shrimp rice is good as is most of their veggies. The reason you should go to this place is for some of the very best gumbo in the area. The staff that portions out the plates you order is reluctant to be at all friendly, but that can be overlooked because you will soon be rid of their company after you pay. It's all about gumbo here for me.The gumbo was so tasty!!! Po boys (shrimp & oyster) were also spot on. Friendly staff and quick service made for a great lunch spot. The only complaint would be the bathroom which could use some TLC (no paper towels and soap was in a watered down water bottle).The food is delicious, large portions, fresh, looks appetizing and it was under $8. It is offered in a buffet style and there are many delicious options to choose from. I had the ribs, spaghetti and broccoli. The broccoli was the best I ever had in my life. It was crispy fresh with a slight buttery taste. Most food in New Orleans is too salty or spicy for my taste but this food was seasoned superbly. This is my new restaurant of choice.Great portions!  Delicious food. I got  a huge piece of fried catfish, shrimp frienrkce and steamed green beans for 8.99, under $10 with tax.  The lady behind the counter served me overflowing.  The minis one was for location. I'm not from New Orleans but the neighborhood is a bit sketchy.  I could be wrong. But not about the food, priced and portions.  Go get some!!!Great local place a little of the beaten path.  Loved the gumbo..I mean really loved it!  This place is for locals and wanna be locals like me.  Everything is popping hot, except for the roasted potatoes (subtract 1 star).  All meals are served with styrofoam and plastic utincils.. But o'so good.Hot dam! Ate like 3 ponds of crawfish.
We was just driving around the N.O. and seen it. Made a completly legal u-turn, parked right in front. It was better than t h e places i had soul food in the quarter.
Ate alot. 
Thanks wardie!Best Bourbon Chicken, Mac and Cheese with Shrimp is a must and mashed potatoes... Wow deliciousFried chicken, greens and red beans/rice are delicious!!! Gumbo and crawfish etouffee are hearty and flavorful! Great place off the tourist trail.Good spot to eat that's a ways from the tourist areas. If you're looking for authenticity then go here! P.S. The portions are HUGE.The crawfish was SO delicious! Perfect place if you're looking for a great price on amazing crawfish and you don't mind the lack of "ambiance ". We will definitely be back!Delicious! Delicious! Delicious!! 
I ordered a pound of boiled crawfish. Such a bang for my buck. 
Gumbo was good. 
Red beans and rice: one of my favorite dishes here. 
Prices are very reasonable for an entire plate of food and crawfish. It seems that the gumbo and red beans make the price higher. If we didn't get this, my boyfriend and I would have had a huge $12 lunch.Wow. To simply put it, there are tons of yummy options to choose from. A really great spot for lunch, especially to-go.  The staff is extremely helpful and charming. Make sure you're hungry because you get a LARGE portion.The portions are big here. I had the Salisbury steak, wings, shrimp pasta, and gumbo. All the food was pretty good. Gumbo was slightly watery for my taste. I prefer the more thick kind. Price was decent and staff was friendly. The interior could use work, but I suppose that is part of the charm in this city. CheersNot good. We had crawfish and gumbo. Gumbo was room temperature and did not taste great. The crawfish were cold. They do not keep them warm, they boil them and then throw them in a box. Does not seem like a safe way to serve seafood...Upset my girlfriend. Unforgivable. Avoid.Walked in and walked out. I wasn't impressed with the service and the place seemed a bit unsanitary. I went in kind of late and 45 minutes to close and there was almost no options. It was almost pointless in being open. The service was horrible. She acted as if I was an inconvenience to her cleaning up. Needless to say I didn't eat there and I will never return.Everything on their menu is amazing.... I had to go back there again when I came to visit and its cheap and filling.... Their serving is big and juicy lol... love this place.I've eaten at Today's Cajun a few times. It's hearty and tasty food at a great price. The service is quick, they have a good range of both food and drinks. Every time I've been there, everything I've eaten has been great and overall it's an awesome place. 
Do note that it is a cheap diner. Don't go here expecting fine dining or five star food. Go here for fast, quality food at a decent price.At amazing and good and fresh!!!! 
They have a buffet style look which is that you can see what they can pick out for you! 
The catfish is delicious!!!! Best catfish so far!Found this place by accident, glad we did! Staff is cool, portions and prices are right and you really can't go wrong with anything you order here. This was our first stop by accident and my husband, the forever foodie, compared every restaurant after to this place, so I knew it was good... I mean, he told anybody who would listen about this place! It's in a neighbourhood that's kinda cray cray, but if you mind your business, they mind theirs. Don't let the area dissuade you from having the most authentic food you may ever have in NOLA and on the cheap too!!!Prices are awesome! HUGE portions! Lots of options to choose from.  Good food but it's not great. It's an odd mix of Chinese and Cajun served buffet style. Very plain place. Very limited parking.So so so so good. 
Go there now. Really. 
The food is amazing, cheap, and there are a ton of options to choose from. You can get a combo with an entree and two sides. The portions are huge. It was more than enough for me to have leftovers.
It was definitely a highlight of my trip to New Orleans. 
My friend ordered the crawfish, and said it was amazing. I went with the catfish, jambalaya, and shrimp pasta. 
It's a great non-tourist ridden place for some great food. For real, go.Holy mother of god talk about a deal on food
Best gumbo I've had below ten bucks
Best pizza boynunder ten
Just goFood is excellent, portions are huge and service is really friendly. Hole in the wall type of place, but really great food!Good food, clean restaurant, nice and friendly staff! 
The price is very affordable... would recommend this place to othersOff the beaten path but worth a trip if you want inexpensive crawfish cooked fresh and served hot. I came here a few years ago and remembered how amazing the crawfish was. It's seasoned so well, but not salty. The potatoes are a great addition and the corn is gold although not the greatest. 
They have other food but I've only enjoyed the crawfish served with New Orleans love and a box for your shelf. You can eat there or take it home. It's nothing glamorous about this place, but that's not needed to be good.Stopped by for a quick bite to eat. The food is delicious! Unfortunately I didn't snap a before pic, but I took one as soon as I thought to post a review. I ordered the baked chicken, mashed potatoes, red beans & rice and corn. Check this place out. You won't regret it!Totally delicious crawfish boil! We brought it home, because the restaurant was boring and skechy, but Holy crap it was goooooooood!My boyfriend and I came here on our last day of our trip to New Orleans and I didn't realize it was more so like a market than a restaurant. 
When we got there the line was super long it took awhile for us to finally get to the front. We got two pounds of shrimp, a pound of snow crab, and the Cajun fries.
The seafood tasted pretty good but the Cajun fries were average. Not to mention they were just sitting behind the counter and my boyfriend had to go ask if they were ready.It wasn't the best boil but  the bourbon chicken was good. Interior was ok, the bathroom needed some help. I also went to Cajon Seafood the day before and that was great definitely recommend them.WE LOVE TODAY'S CAJUN SEAFOOD! We came as a big group (~10) and they had no problem keeping up with all the orders. The food is amazing and super cheap.I'm from DC and was looking for a place that has good cheap crawfish. It is Louisiana after all right? All of the other big name places are charging 12.99/lb but not this place, no sir. It's 3.50/lb here!!! Needless to say I crushed 5lbs by myself, HUA!
It's in a safe enough neighborhood, the crawfish is seasoned in an awesome boil, the shrimp is huge, the crawfish boudin is awesome, and the gumbo is awesome. So if you're looking for a local joint that does shrimp and crawfish right, this is the place!!!Amazing boiled crawfish (spicy so beware) with corn and potatoes. Shrimp po' boy was good too.Best catfish, gumbo and seafood pasta ever. This place never disappoints. I blew my 1300 daily calorie intake count for this place and it's worth it.  Nothing fancy just good creole Cajun food. Five stars!Stopped in on my way to my hotel. I was surprised how good the food was. It is cafeteria style so you can see whats out in front you and I must say it all looked really good. I got the baked chicken with red beans and broccoli plus cornbread . It was so good and a nice large sized portion. I will definitely be back my next time in new orleans.This is a down home local eaterie. 4 stars is for the quality of it being what it is, meaning it is not Galatoirs or Arnuads but it is very good for what it is. 
What it is is a great cafeteria with a selection of homestyle meals and in our estimation the best grilled shrimp poboy anywhere. We are days back from our beloved New Orleans and I am so craving that sandwich! Life's getting a bit rough on SSI and this fed us like royalty on our meager budget. If you want to be a tourist, stay away. If you're a local or a true traveler you got to check it out. Easy to find at a bend in St. Claude. 
Negatives:  Tiny parking lot for the number of folks always there, but usually we find parking within a block. Not enough tables to accommodate  busy periods but you can take it to a park or eat in the car and watch the world go by. 
I see an earlier review that hated the shrimp poboy. Our first time there some years ago we made the mistake of getting the breaded ones, it was smaller and not as good. The grilled unbreaded shrimp are large and seasoned perfectly and overflowing the soft fresh bread (I know it should have a crisp outside but with our teeth this is just right!) 
I always fear it will be swallowed up by gentrification but not yet!!!Get the gumbo! Get the gumbo! Get the gumbo! Pair it with their amazing cornbread and you'll sure to be blown away. The joint is definitely interesting and trust me when I say that I was skeptical. But cheap, good food is one of the best things that NOLA has to offer. Everything else on the menu is good too, but the gumbo has truly changed my life.This place was definitely off the beaten path but the food is super cheap. I tried crawfish for the first time! It was a little cold, but not too bad. It's market price, but the day I went it was $5.99 a pound. They are charging $12 a pound at the french market.We hit this place up on our last day in NOLA last year and I thought I wrote a review at the time but I guess not.  It's a total "hole in the wall" gem IMO.  Cheap, huge portions that betray the price they are served at.  
Service was mediocre but whatever, you don't complain at these prices.While visiting New Orleans one of my main goals was to try Gumbo so I would know good gumbo when it is presented to me to eat.  I had the pleasure or trying 2 different restaurants, one being Today's Cajun and I won't mention the other as I don't want to give a bad review. With that being said, Today's Cajuns gumbo was hands down THE BEST GUMBO!!!! Once I tasted the first bite the rest was history in a matter of minutes!!! No joke, I was in heaven eating the gumbo.  Actually, all of their food was excellent. We will definitely pay them another visit when we return.