I ordered their Vegetarian pizza and ended up being too salty. When I called them to let them my anger and frustration, they responded with an apology and offered to make me another one. I was pleasantly surprised by their level of customer service, and also happy with the reorder result I was provided with. ThanksNice atmosphere.  Great customer service.  Pizza was good.  Beer was cold.  Who could ask for more.Very good Italian food.  We did not actually get pizza but we tried a variety of other items on their menu that were very good.  We had an amazing meatball and healthy flavorful wings for an appetizer.  For the entree we tried a delicious veggie lasagna that was so filling and flavorful we couldn't eat it all and took leftovers.  We also got a sandwich with thin fried chicken, fresh mozzarella, and a spicy spread that all combined made for a very flavorful and satisfying sand which.  The place had a good atmosphere and good friendly service."The meatballs and sauce here are the best in town"
We tried the coal fired pizza last week and it was excellent. The crust was very tasty. The dilemma is what to top it with...
The atmospheres is great. The bar area is full of tvs to watch games and a great bar. 
Enjoy.I was extremely reluctant to go to a Pizza Place in NOLA. I can eat great pizza at home right? Well, trust me when I tell you that this place is absolutely worth the visit. Good prices and great food. The meatballs are the size of baseballs, tender with great flavor. Served with ricotta and pesto. The only recommendation for improvement would be extra ricotta and pesto so I could have some with every bite. The red sauce was perfectly balanced. Not too sweet or acidic. We had the picante pizza. Again, not something I would've chosen but my dinner mates did. You have to try this! The picante peppers had a fantastic smoky flavor. We added mushroom and olive but it wasn't necessary. The crust is thin, crispy and holds up well to the toppings. The pizza is cooked in a coal oven at over 800 degrees. Chicken wings were excellent. Properly spicy with great flavor. This is a MUST try. The restaurant was not packed but will be before long. Get here and try it out!!Ordered small Quatro Fromaggi pizza at 3 AM from Uber Eats.  The BEST pizza I have eaten in my LIFE, including in Europe. SERIOUSLY. 
The crust was clean, classic, perfectly textured and cooked.  The cheeses were authentic, rich, and flavorful.  I had no idea this local  treasure existed. I'm ordering more TONIGHT. Can't wait to visit in person.Stopped here for dinner while in town for a conference. Very friendly staff. Good customer service and the pizza was great. Ingredients were fresh and flavorful. Menu was very reasonably priced. May hit this place up again before I leave town!AMAZING!!! So, I was headed to Two Chicks for lunch, they were closed for renovations. After some discussion we decide that it's too damn hot to look any further, pizza will do. Best decision of my life! Had a goat cheese and mushroom with truffle sauce pie, the mic dropped!!! The crust was delicious with that smokey goodness you expect from coal fired pizza. Nothing was wrong. Thought I would indulge in Cajun cuisine this brief trip to NOLA, pizza stole the show! Big and clean restaurant with a double sided bar to share pizza with friends. Right across from the convention center.Disgusting pizza. Absolutely no flavor. Uber Eats delivered.  No spoon/fork for desert which included a carrot cake with vanilla gelato.  How am I supposed to eat when I'm staying at hotel. Nasty!  Burnt and taste like burnt.  Waste of $30!   Never againThis pizza is SO good. My mother and I were wandering around and happened upon this pizza place. We were not expecting to experience the best margherita pizza we've ever tasted.Yummy dinner of pizza, salad and meatballs before NYE! Recommend!  Some of the best service we received in NOLAGREAT PLACE TO EAT! The food and drinks are great! Ask for Anthony at the bar when you arrive!Best Pizza ever, service was great! I really enjoyed the Cesar salad as well!!! Do yourself a favor and try this place out!!!Stopped in here after dinner down the street since the bar at the Hilton Garden Inn where we were staying was closed (it was 8:30. No kitchen or bar on a Thursday night. Seriously??). Turns out Hilton's loss was a big gain for us. Marco met us with a smile and hearty handshake. Told him we were just there for drinks and football and he understood completely. Enjoyed a few drinks and watched the food come out. Looked delicious. Fired wings and pizza. Good assortment at the bar. Friendly staff. Lots of TVs for sports. People there seemed to really enjoy the food and we enjoyed the atmosphere.  Wished we had eaten there instead of down the street.Might be good, but after five minutes and not being greeted or asked for my order I decided to leave. Plenty of people working, so not the bar area I guessCame across this place by accident while originally headed to a neighboring restaurant. Not from around here but I give it 5 stars,the service was excellent, bar tenders/servers both very friendly and personable.  Get to talking and I think the whole idea behind this place and having pizza and all other items available on the menu is perfect.  Great experience and highly recommend!We just had lunch in Tommy G's, it was amazing !!!
We had Siciliano sandwich, meat lovers pizza, they were so so delicious!!!!!!! We also had blueberry martini and rum punch, they were so good, we can't stop drinking, LOL .... they have happy hour everyday, from 3-7pm, I will be back to tommy G's again soon .Here's the deal.  I've had some of the most amazing pizza ever from the best, across the country.  But this stuff is for real and I was extremely surprised.  If you're a fan of great pizza this is an amazing place to get one.  Seriously good pie.  As far as I know it's not from new york, boston or any of the others who claim the best (by unknown and arbitrary measures) but it's a seriously good pie.  The region doesn't decide the pie, the flavor does... so get one if you're in NoLa.In a city where there's no shortage of good restaurants, I think this place deserves to have lines around the block (which it doesn't).  I don't know why more people haven't discovered this hidden gem.   Maybe it's because it's not in the sexiest location (across from the convention center in the commercial center of what is essentially a parking garage).  Whatever it is, the food and service more than make up for the lackluster location.
I've eaten here two times and taken out once.  
The baby arugula salad is so fresh and flavorful and LARGE!  You could easily share this with someone or just order it as an entree.
I've tried 2 of their pies.  The Caprese Pizza and the Truffle Pizza.  Both were excellent.  Very fresh ingredients and truly exceptional taste.
Tonight I ordered the Siciliano sandwich for take out.  OMG, heaven.  It's the equivalent of chicken milanese on a homemade garlic flatbread with  a slice of fresh mozzarella. So good.  This is a generously sized sandwich.  I split this with my roommate and both of us were very satisfied with the portion we ate.
The staff has always been super nice, the orders come out quickly and the restaurant is clean.  Also, it's a great place to watch sports events.
I highly recommend Tommy G's!We just had lunch in Tommy G's, it was amazing !!!
We had Siciliano sandwich, meat lovers pizza, they were so so delicious!!!!!!! We also had blueberry martini and rum punch, they were so good, we can't stop drinking, LOL .... they have happy hour everyday, from 3-7pm, I will be back to tommy gagain soon .Came for lunch. Waited nearly 10 minutes for server to come to the table. They brought my food (salad) in about 15 minutes. My colleague ordered a pizza and waited over a half hour for it. He actually had to go track down a server (not ours - he never checked on us or refilled drinks) to ask for his food. Also had to wait for the check. The manager was nice enough to comp the pizza. Salad and pizza were both just okay.We came here because it was close to the hotel and had some good reviews, but I will be back whenever I come back to New Orleans. Amazing pizza, great wings, and the meatball appetizer was great too. One of the best margherita pizzas I've had ... The crust was perfect.My wife got a hankering for a slice of pizza, and we were planning to do some gambling at harrah's casino down the street. We decided to check this place out given the proximity to the casino. The place was tucked away, but was still easy to find. We arrived mid afternoon, and there were very few people there. I decided to go with the Siciliano sandwich. This sandwich was awesome, but not very big, I had a couple of bites of just the bread. Another disappointment was they did not have pizza by the slice, so my wife had to go with a Caesar salad instead. Overall, this place was good, and I would come back if I am in the area.Ordered margarita pizza and calamari. Good in both accounts. Wine was a little pricey. 
I'd go back.Stopped in at Tommy G's coal fired pizza with some co-workers during a safety conference. Placed had great yelp reviews and a large lunch crowd. We were seated pretty quickly tho and a cool atmosphere with a delicious smell of coal fired dough in the air.
Ordered the piccante pizza which is hot peppers, garlic, sausage, and roasted peppers (I opted to hold off on the roasted peppers). A co-worker ordered the TGs salad with chicken; looked good and he said was very good (picture included).
Pizza came out and looked great; very fresh appearance. Sauce was tangy and delicious, toppings were fresh and amazing. The truffle pizza smelled absolutely amazing though didn't try it. Crust was good but I've had better. Overall very good food and worth stopping in.
**Edit and addition. After we finished our meal, waiter (Eddy) was asked for the check and said "wait I'm helping another customer" and was very condescending toward another co-worker, and was observed being very stern toward other employees. Customer service is everything. Sorry but that dropped you a star.I went into this Pizza Place today. Nice clean atmosphere and our server Lakayla was polite. My 13 year old had a pepperoni pizza and he said it was trash. I don't think we will be coming back. Pizza Hutt pizza is better!!!Giving these guys 3 for service as they forgot several parts of our order, didn't visit table during meal, but I give them a 5 on the food. Pizza was great! Service needs a lot of work though.Great service and amazing pizza.  Margherita style pizza perfected. The PICCANTE pizza is one of the spiciest pizza's I've ever had, and one of the best.I discovered this restaurant while aimlessly walking around by the river and decided to try it. Being from New York, I am very picky when it comes to my pizza and Tommy G's exceeded even my best expectations. The salad,wings, and pizza were all delicious and it is very similar to the chain of Anthony's coal fired pizza. 10/10 recommend if your looking for some authentic brick oven pizza.We just had lunch in Tommy G's, it was amazing !!!
We had Siciliano sandwich, meat lovers pizza, they were so so delicious!!!!!!! We also had blueberry martini and rum punch, they were so good, we can't stop drinking, LOL .... they have happy hour all day everyday, I will be back to tommy gagain soon .Absolutely the best pizza in the city!  Got the Da Vinci and the Meats and shared amongst the family. The crust was perfect and the ingredients were so fresh. As an appetizer, highly recommend the bruschetta. We devoured everything so fast I didn't have time to take pictures.It's not 5 starts because it's fancy,  it's 5s because for what it does, it does it awesomely!!! 1AM delivery of tasty pizza and wings.....delivered in under 25 to our hotel room. PERFECT!!Great service with tasty pizza ingredients....and able to wish the owner Happy Birthday in person!Good pizza. Perfect after a long day at the conference center. Very friendly and helpful.I've eaten a lot of pizza in my day and this pizza was the best I've ever had!  I got the truffle pizza and added sausage.  It was absolutely delicious! From the greeting at the door to the service and food... this place was AMAZING!!!!! We will definitely be back when we visit New Orleans!Large pizza place close to hotels and the convention center. Easy walking distance. Open late for those who enjoy those late night meals. There was only one waiter on staff, Wilmer, with many tables and we felt like we were the only table in here. He was prompt. Never left an empty glass on the table and checked up on us often. Props to him!   Kitchen is somewhat open so you can see the pizza being tossed which is fun!  The pizza was great. Thin crust was the way to go. Highly recommend and they now do delivery until 4pm. Check them outNice atmosphere clean, friendly service. Great chicken wings Italian style. All said good experience.Went with some friends here to eat lunch. Service was good and the food was awesome! Very good atmosphere, wasn't too noisy, very good experience.My first time here! I was excited to try it because there was vegetarian options, I had the Eggplant Parmesan with spaghetti lunch special. Very inexpensive very good! Diana took our order really quickly, git our food to us in a reasonable time also. THANX DIANAWhat can I say.Stopped in for a pizza after a long drive from Virgina for our TrueValue trade show.Were pleasantly surprised by the delicious house salad with honey vinaigrette dressing.The supreme pizza was so good we came back 3 additional times in the next 4 days.Sooo good! The house salad is the bomb! Had the chic parm. It was delicious. Service was warm and friendlyReally good pizza and great service with a cool ambiance! What else do you need! Bartender was great and the food came out perfectly timed!Excellent option for convenient dining in the convention district. Open late, close to several hotels, eat in or take out. The atmosphere is nice, prices are good, and the staff friendly.Came here for a birthday party .. I am a real pizza lovers so I wasn't sure if this place would hit the spot but the food here was great. I ordered the wings and hubby had the pizza . Both were excellent. The cocktails were delicious and strong. The service was attentive a rare find no in days. And whatever you do don't skip on the desert. We will definitely returnVery good location across from the convention center.  The pizza was delicious and hot.  Had a good selection of draft beers and unique pizzas.  The only negative is that it had a large amount of people that came in at once and we had to wait awhile to get seated and then a wait to order.  But staff was nice and seemed to enjoy their job.Honestly, if I could give 0 stars, I would. We were seated & waited 15 mins before we had to ask if anyone would serve us. We were told someone was being sent over. Waited another 5 & inquired again which prompted that person to come serve us. He didn't write anything down. 2 out of 3 orders were incorrect & the 3rd sat at the grill long after the first 2 were delivered until we went to inquire about it. So, they forgot. Then, we had to hunt down our check - which we are still in the process of doing. Terrible. Sincerely wish I had just gone next door to subway.Tomato soup was delicious. The manager is wonderful and everything we ate we loved. It is great for a quick bite to eat.Very good!!
Good friendly service.  The kids liked it. Big screen with the game on. 
Would return. 
Chicken parmigiana was great !Uber eats order. 
The salad was so fresh and delicious.  Romaine, garbanzos, olives, grilled peppers-quality ingredients.  However, the $3.50 protein add-on consisted of one single shrimp. That's ridiculous. 
The meatball was far below average. Tasted like something you'd get at an Olive Garden. I didn't finish it.  The dollop of ricotta with pesto was a nice touch, though.One of the only late night pizza spots around my hotel that would deliver at 2am. Wait was a little long but pizza was amazing, nice dough/sauce/cheese ratio and a nice crisp to it. Ate almost the whole pizza and kept a couple slices for the morning. Next morning heated back up and was still amazing. For a town that everyone has told me they aren't known for good pizza this place was amazing!My husband was attending a conference at the  Convention Center and we were looking for something tasty but different from the cajun/creole places all around (we'd already been there 4 days and were a little burnt out on it).  Tommy g's was right across the street from the convention center and perfect for our lunch.  We shared the House Tommy G's salad.  It is a chopped salad with romaine, raisins, Kalamata olives, candied walnuts, Parmesan cheese, roasted peppers, tomatoes,and red onion with a balsamic mustard vinaigrette.  Great salad and perfect for sharing.  Then we ordered the Davinci pizza with tomatoes olives, and prosciutto.  It was a thin crust and coal fired.  Tasty!  And also a perfect size for sharing.  Highly recommend if you need a great place to eat near the convention and don't think you can look at another gumbo and your arteries say "no more po' boys!".As soon as we walked in, no acknowledgement, NONE. We had to walk up to the ONE single employee there & then she said welcome guys. She asked what we wanted to drink as we stood there, no menu, no "where would y'all like to sit". We asked for water and sweet tea, waited outside for about 10- 15 for her to bring just the drinks. Helped everyone else that got there after us, THEN she walks out with just the WATER, and says "Oh ummm so sorry guys; just so y'all know we got hit with a Uber order so your food is gonna take about 40 minutes, ehhhhhh yeah. I asked, so does that mean that you're gonna continue to take this long simply to come out here? She said yeah, cause folks, she has Uber order to attend, and not the actual customers who are coming out to enjoy dinner also trying to bring business. No empathy, smacked her lips, grabbed the menu and she left inside when we said it was fine, that we would leave. It'd be nice if there were more empathetic employees. Also mind you there was only one other person there. Place was empty. Sucked. Don't recommend. Sad we didn't even get to try the damn pizza. Looked goodPizza was good.  Server was inattentive and slow to respond.  Had to flag the server down for refills which arrived 10 minutes later so we ended up finishing the pizza with no beverages.  Also had to chase him down to close out the check, even after asking for it.  And, no, it wasn't busy.We came here bc it was a convenient  location after leaving the convention center. 
Convenience is the only positive thing about this restaurant. 
We weren't greeted and awkwardly stood in the middle of the restaurant. The greeters podium was filled with stacked dirty plates and cups. 
Sat down- ordered 3 appetizers. Initially they delivered to the wrong table. Ordered pizza- delivered to wrong table again. 
The pizza was rushed together. The onions were in one spot so I had to rearrange the toppings. It was cold and soggy and not enjoyable. Also, Forgot to bring out our salad. 
After waiting for the check we got up to get it. Told them 2 times to remove the sAlad but was still on  there. She brought back the Check to  sign and aSked that I remove the check from under her arm... so gross. 
Never again!The service was very poor. My family selected this place to eat after being at a cheer competition right across the street at the convention center. It seemed very understaffed for a place that close to the convention with such a large event going on, especially since it stays open pretty late. It took a while for anyone to come over to our table just to get menus and place a drink order. I went to the bar to order drinks thinking it would be faster. This was not the case. The bartender asked what I would like but then went back and forth to the kitchen 3 different times before even starting to make my drink. He then stopped to help another employee with a n issue with a check in the POS system. By the time I got my drinks my family had just gotten water and menus. I will say that when we did finally get our food that we enjoyed it. The penne pasta with Cajun chicken and the Tommy G's wings were good. When we went to order another round of drinks the martini that I ordered was a completely different color than the first one that I received. But we brought this up to our waiter they said that they were two different bartenders. But the drinks didn't taste the same. Eventually we have to send it back because it was undrinkable.Cant get no better than this ,best pizza I had in years,coal fire ,great sauce ,pizza came out less than 10 minutesOrdered the margarita pizza thin crust burnt crust, crunchy basil on top. Poor excuse for a margarita pie. was almost in edible. Had a better pie from a hole in the wall in Angier NC for 7 bucks less. What a huge disappointment.Insanely great pizza and customer service is phenomenal. My boyfriend and I stumbled upon here starving at 1 am and they opened their doors just for us, absolutely incredible!One of the few places in Nuevo Lians that make pizza in wood-fired ovens is all made in wood-fired ovens. Chicken Wings are very good too.Stayed across the street and did take-out Caprese. This was the smallest, small pizza I've ever had. Certainly not worth $13. And I was only 1/2 block away and pizza was cold.I was there last week with 2 of my friends visiting the city.
Our hotel was nearby & the bellman suggested us to try this place.
We ordered the truffle pizza, which was delicious as well as the chicken wings.
The service was GREAT.
A place to go again when we go back to New Orleans.Pizza like you remember from childhood, but with high quality ingredients and delicious smoky flavor. Gourmet pizza without pretension. Pizza on the ground floor of a parking structure? In New York, Chicago, Detroit, AND New Orleans? Hell yes! The house pizzas are fabulous, or build one from your childhood. Good stuff! ... And a bar with  dozens of TV's to boot.A friend came in town and requested oven fired pizza. I went online and researched places around here that could accommodate and came across Tommy G's. I decided to order from them. We ordered the large supreme and I added the sausage and peppers pinwheel. I had no idea what the pinwheel was because the website didn't describe it but I took a chance. I HIGHLY recommend the sausage and peppers and have  gut feeling if it is described on the menu, more people would order it. Sausage was very tasty! The pizza crust was delicious and the portions weren't skimpy. The onions were large pieces so if you are used to chopped toppings, these weren't. I have had better pizza but this one was still a contender. I'll def order from here again.Two stars because the bartender was wonderful and tried to save a really poor experience. The restaurant reeked of cleaning product. It was empty and bright at midnight. The pizza was undercooked and tasteless.I love this place! This is my favorite Italian place in the city, great bar, great food and an excellent service. The perfect spot to watch any sport.Pizza was good, when it arrived (the supreme) I thought I had the wrong pizza because there was no olives, the waitress told me they had run out of black olives.  I guess I feel the cook should tell that to the server and subsequently me so I can either order something different or accept my oliveless pizza. They offered no compensation (you know buy a drink or knock off a couple bucks etc). I had to ask to talk with the manager. He quickly took care of it (thank you). 
They seem a little disheveled as far as who is responsible for what (bartending, serving etc). We had three different server contacts sitting at the bar. 
The pizza was very good. I would order here again, maybe they were having an off night. 
All employees were very nice, just need some managerial direction so they can make decisions on their own to satisfy customer needs.Had a good pizza, we had the Da Vinci, good crust the only thing I would do different is, get a better quality prosciutto and use less chopped kalamata olives. They're open late which is great with this over blown pandemic, a lot of places close early.We had heard that this place was a solid place to get pizza in New Orleans. Both of us originally being from New York, I will preface this by saying that pizza has to be pretty high quality to make us happy. I will also say that this was a split decision as far as how we would rate this establishment. Chas was a much bigger fan of this place than Chuck was.
We started out with the rice balls. All rice balls can be created differently so these specific ones were stuffed with peas and ground beef and come with a side of Bolognese sauce.  Look at the photos to see if you think there is a proper amount of filling in the center. We disagreed here. The Bolognese had a good flavor to it. Each rice ball was $4 but if you order 3 then they are a dollar less per piece.
We got the "Di Parma" pie which had prosciutto de parma, fresh shaved cheese, and baby arugula. The pie looked very pretty as far as the toppings go, but the crust looked undercooked. This is again where we differ but (Chuck writing this review) I prefer to have a nice char to the crust when you're boasting coal fired in your name. The pie tasted good.
Had a few local beers as well that were good and adequately priced. The atmosphere was large and open with high ceilings and the (I believe he was) owner was very friendly.
So, Chas would have probably rated this a 4. He really enjoyed the rice balls and he was happy that a pizza even of this quality could be found in New Orleans. Chuck would have probably gone with 2.5 or so. Pricey for what you get and if you are looking to spend that kind of money, there are at least 6 items on Cochon Butcher's menu right up the block that he feels are far better and of more value than here. We will split the difference and leave a rating of 3. Chuck holds the standard of pizza to the level of NYC no matter where he is in the country, Chas is a bit more lenient. Check them out for yourself and see.I ordered Caprese pizza and G's wings. Food was delicious. Will definitely return for more!As soon as our pepperoni pizza was placed on our table, our family and I noticed there was a hair in our pizza. We immediately called the waiter back. He took one look, saw the hair, and took it back. They remade our pizza without an issue.
We also ordered a salad and the dressing was good, but it was a bit soggy for my personal preference. 
Overall the service here is average. They didn't do anything above and beyond that made me want to come back, however, their pizza is good - I'll give them that. I really like that their pizza is coal fired and it tastes great, but I'd rather not eat here again. The environment isn't welcoming. Hopefully, I can find another pizza place here in NOLA that has great coal fired pizza.The place was great first Time and it won't be last everyone was nice plenty of tv  to watch food was great and quickDelicious Pizza and the drinks are perfect!! We are visiting from Minnesota and Georgia and loved this restaurant. Extremely convenient location if you stay at the Hilton Garden Inn and Convention Center.Everything was soo good! We tried the tommy G's wings and the combination pizza... very tasty! Wings came with caramelized onions and the flavor was a savory lemon that was perfectly cooked. We ate every last bite omg!It was good but in my opinion not worth the drive for us with other good choices. 
The Tuscan Bread had very little flavor, the Arancini rice ball was cool/cold inside and the pepperoni pizza was very greasy. 
If your staying in a hotel nearby or here for a convention then sure it's not a bad choice. If you have transportation, well, use it.This place is legit good.  Could've fooled me being that places in this area are basura or overpriced.  I'm here working the convention center for the hospital and we order food half of the time.  Pizza, salad, wings, fries are all good.This is the second time I've ordered delivery and they did not disappoint. First time was pizza and Bruschetta. It was outstanding. Today I ordered the Meatball sandwich. Probably one of the best one's I've had, bread is amazing and cheesy deliciousness. Food came super fast and hot. I think I might need to forget my lunch again next week!Cute atmosphere.  Since everyone else had lines out the door, I should have seen that coming.  The pizza flavor was just okay, and the salad we ordered never came.  The big thing is that the sausage on the pizza was completely raw.  It's was absolutely disgusting and it wasn't noticed until we ate 2 pieces!  Felt sick the whole day because my mind couldn't let it go.  Also, they need some work with the staff.  The ticket came wrong twice.  Best head elsewhere.I love their wings! They're HUGE! I've never had a bad experience here, the pizza is really good too!Terrible service! My family of 4 sat and watched other large parties receive service. Waiter took our drink order and left us hanging. After 45 minutes and still didn't receive our drinks we left  never againHorrible horrible food pizza was burnt and so were wings then management wanted me to send a picture of my food to prove it was burnt but doesn't even know my info to issue refund do not shop here I will be disputing my charge*update management was very apologetic and issued refund so customer service was great.