Went for lunch, big mistake. It had a smoke odor to start with which was bothersome and waitress wasn't so friendly. It was three of us and it took over 45 mins to get the lunch menu items. We tried the salad, shrimp scampi and chefs pasta. All which came out 15 minutes apart. I finished my salad because I was starving and we had to pack up the pasta to go because it came so late and had to go back to our conference across the street. Food was subpar not worth the wait or smell of cigarettes the entire time.Good food. Great service.  Fantastic bar tender.
I had the fried shrimp po boy.  Very good.  We were with a big crowd and we had very good service.  Next time we are back in NOLA we will be stopping by again.Would give zero stars, but I can't. This is also the same place as Kubi's. Do NOT go here. Worst meal of my entire life. No joke. Should have known when no one was in there, the cook had holes in his shirt. In between cooking he came out and had phone chargers in his hand. Bartender was eating out of a take-out box when we walked in. Also making drinks for herself. We had plastic utensils and ketchup packets bc they ran out of the real ketchup? Doubt it. This seems to be the norm. Food was horrible. My burger wasn't what I ordered, it was burnt on the outside, yet somehow it was still pink on the inside. Fries were the worst I've ever had, and that's hard to do. Worse than frozen. Also, ordered water and got bottles bc the water there prob is too dirty to drink.In town for a cruise ... nice place we ate early on a Sunday evening ... was leary as we went in bc no crowd.  We arent leary anymore.  It filled up later and we knew why ... had the crawfish nachos which were awesome as appetizer. Then had fried shrimp, catfish la faitte, chefs special pasta and shrimp scampi... all were great ... great food, nice atmosphere, definitely be back when in townRan into this place during Mardi Gras 2017. It was pretty hard to get a waiter to help out. It is seat yourself but once your seated you have to really track down a waiter to help you with cleaning table or taking order. I first sat at the bar and immediately moved because the bartender was a bit rude. I asked him what comes on the crawfish nachos and he replied chip and cheese with a snarky attitude. I decided to sit somewhere else so that he wouldn't be the one to help me. Not sure if a lot of people had been drinking and wanted to argue with staff but there were two arguments that occurred while I was here. Anyways I ordered the crawfish nachos and they were sooooo good! That would be my only reason to visit this place again. The nachos were a hit. My friend ordered the catfish poboy and didn't enjoy it. So I guess the nachos are the only thing that I'd recommendWe returned to our hotel room at 9:30pm and were starving but had walked around so much that day we just wanted to get something delivered. We found a menu was left under our door. I called to ask how long delivery was and they told me 30 minutes so I placed an order for the meatball po boy and Baja wrap. Over an hour and a half later the food finally showed up. My husband had already fell asleep so he never got to taste the po boy but I ate half my wrap and realized the bacon and chicken were raw. I spit a piece of chicken out and found it was pink and had a big chunk of raw fat hanging from it. The bacon was raw to. I was absolutely disgusted and freaked out that I would get food poisoning that I made myself throw it up. I called and they told me that there was no way the chicken was raw cause they used pre-cooked chicken. I know raw chicken when I see it or eat it! She told me she'd have the delivery guy come back and refund me my money. I waited another hour and fell asleep and no one ever showedThe food was great and they were super nice to a big group that came in late and very hungry from a full day at Jazz Fest. Great place just outside the Quarter and near Harrahs.This place is great!  Referred by Adventures in New Orleans. The bartender, John, is friendly and makes a fabulous mimosa!Great tasting food and good service.  Although it's in a touristy location, the flavors are on point and the prices are reasonable.  I had the catfish Lafitte and the fish was excellent quality.  Would definitely return. The other 3 members of my party were mostly pleased as well.This was a hidden gem! We walked straight in, sat straight down and ate some of the best food I've had in New Orleans in the many years I've been vacationing there. The staff was super friendly, THE CHEF WAS SUPERB, my food was amazing, and we were tempted to come back that same trip for dinner again. (We were only in town for 4 nights, so yes, THAT amazing!) Try it if you're in town, you won't be disappointed!The shrimp and grits are amazing. I came here recently with my family. The server was super nice. All the food everyone got was delicious, but I personally recommend the shrimp and grits.I was searching for something off the beaten path this evening, and found a place called Kubi's on Yelp.  Turns out that Kubi's must have changed its name and became Toula's.  The menu still looked similar, so sat down at the bar and had dinner.  I was disappointed that they didn't have any draft beer, but had a good selection of bottled beer.  I ordered some hot wings to start and they were very good.  They were naked bone-in wings (not breaded) and cooked to perfection.  I like my wings a little overcooked and not chewy.  These were exactly that way.  The flavor of the hot sauce was perfect.  I also ordered a burger/fries as my meal and couldn't even finish it, as the wings were a meal in itself.  The burger had great flavor too, and was served like a poboy, so it has all the sauce, lettuce, tomato, etc. on a fresh roll which gave great flavor.  The prices were reasonable for both items, and the beer wasn't too bad either.
This place would have easily scored 5 stars, but unfortunately, I did see a rat running across the floor just as I was finishing up my meal.  Now it has been a rainy mess in New Orleans all day, so hopefully that had something to do with it.  I just happened to see something out the corner of my eye as I was eating.  I watched the floor for a few seconds to see if I had imagined it when a rat came running from under a table and towards the front of the bar.  I let the bartender know and he went to look for it, but it never came back.  Luckily, I was the only customer there at the time, so nobody freaked out.  I took my last two bites and settled the bill after that.
Overall, it was a nice, casual place for some comfort food.  I'd be willing to try it again with the hopes that the rat was truly a one time thing.This is an amazing place to get great food and drinks. All food cooked to order and staff are genuine and super nice.Bad service. Rude waitress/ management. Messed up checks and talked down to us while trying to correct the mistake. Will not go again. May have just been having a bad day, but I wouldn't risk it.Terrible service. Awful food. Dirty. Worst music selections. Very very slow. Hands down worst dinner experience - do not go here.Bad service. Horrible food ... 7 of us dropped by on at Sat around 12:30. Only 2 other patrons in the restaurant. Only 5 menus available for the entire restaurant?   Mixed drinks were watered down. One meal for rice and beans never arrived!! Took 45 mins to get 6 meals, and they all came at different times. Oysters were horrible. Cajun burger was horrible. Oyster po boy was horrible.Way under rated.. I had the crawfish nachos and my friend had the oyster poboy-- both were amazing! 
The nachos were a nice size--would be a good appetizer for two or in my case meal. The sauce was more of an Alfredo/cheese which hit the spot! 
The poboy had large fried oysters that were well seasoned and fried perfectly. Very large sandwich with hearty steak fries! 
The staff was friendly and answered all of our questions.Not a bad little place to grab a beer and a bite. We stopped in during Mardi Gras and found the atmosphere to be very casual and comfortable. The wings and pizza were good and about what I would have expected price wise. Beer was $6 for a 24 Oz can. Our server, Nikki, was slammed busy and yet still we got better than average service (and much better than I was expecting given the amount of business they had that day). I'll be backMy honey and I came to this spot essence fest weekend and enjoyed the jambalaya and shrimp and grits. It was great!I definitely recommend!We popped in to hungry to walk further down. Wow we were floored. Amazing service from Ryan and outstanding food. Hands down some of the best red beans and rice we've ever had. The catfish and shrimp were outrageous and the Mac and cheese was great too. We definitely will be back and recommend over and overOur first visit to New Orleans brought us to this local gem.  We stopped for lunch and at first I was worried that there was no line out the door like some of the other places. However, the staff and atmosphere was awesome. I had the fried shrimp which was delicious. My husband had the shrimp poboy which was huge. Very generous portions and the red beans and rice had to be the best I've ever tasted.  Will definitely be back!So I just got off the plane and I was starving and was in the mood for authentic local cuisine. I was a little skeptical because the place was absolutely empty and still is as Im writing 6 pm on a Saturday.
Bartender recommended the Oyster Poboy. Lemme tell you that thing with the seasoned fries absolutely hit the spot. Well seasoned oysters, soft bread and the sauce made this sandwich perfect way to start my trip. 
Check it out. Its easy to miss but definitely worth it.We came to NOLA from Reno to celebrate Halloween in the big easy. The staff and  management were so friendly. Great food! Great drinks! Super service! We are only here for two days but we will be back before we leave.  I have to try the crawfish nachos.Ate here a few hours ago. Good service, super friendly. I had the Catfish poboy and it was good. The red beans and rice are better than Mothers. Out of a table of seven, everyone enjoyed it. I love the atmosphere of the place as well. Don't be afraid to check it out!So we were just walking by and my friend was hungry. I was not but this was right by a place that we had just gotten a drink from. It wasn't busy and there were people trying to coerce us to come in to eat, saying they had the best food. I wasn't hungry but my friend decided to get something to eat from here after reading over the menu. The bartender convinced her to get the pasta, it came with a side so she got fries (she thought they would be something we could share). So I didn't look at Yelp before she ordered (terrible mistake), once I did I didn't bother to tell her at that moment that this place didn't have a lot of stars or great reviews. Maybe she would have a good experience and I didn't want to dissuade her. Welp she got her food and was disappointed. First off she didn't even take the fries bc she said they were more like wedges and hard and did not look appetizing so she left them at the Restuarant. She started eating her pasta on our walk back to the hotel and I could tell from her face she was not enjoying it so I asked and she said she was going to try to eat it because she didn't want to waste it but it was not good. She didn't finish it and she was still hungry, money down the drain. So take heade to what Yelp says and always check first before ordering :-)Ducked in this small bar/restaurant for lunch. We enjoyed the spinach salad, blue cheese wedge salad, seafood gumbo and duck/andouille stew. ALL dishes were tasty and just what we wanted for a lite lunch. Service was fast/friendly and the pricing was fair.Hole in the wall. I had never heard of the place before we decided to hop in. They had really good crawfish. It wasn't the spiciest or most flavorful but they were big and fresh and cooked very well. None of them were soggy and falling apart but were all solid and easy to peel. It didn't really  have any sides in it which was strange. No potatoes corn or sausage and minimum onion and garlic. The barbeque shrimp was delicious it was a sweet flavor almost like a brisket barbeque flavor. Soaking the bread in the sauce is to die for. The chargrilled oysters had cheese which was a different touch that didn't really add or take anything away from it for me. I would get them again but they were not the best I ever had. They seemed under staffed but the staff they did have was awesome really nice and accommodating. Really tried to make sure we enjoyed ourselves.Never written a review on here before, but this place was so good I feel obligated. Great service, relaxed atmosphere. Ordered the Chef's Pasta and it was amazing. Good drinks, too. Highly recommend coming here if you're looking for authentic creole.In town for 5 days. We tried this place once for lunch and came back today for lunch again as my husband raved about the gumbo and wanted to try a second time. I had the spinach salad the first time and tried the shrimp and grits today. Both were excellent. It's not upscale- it feels more like a dive bar but I sort of like that. The bartender was super friendly and there was even a nice sax player when we got there although he packed up soon after we arrived mid afternoon. Mimosas were $3 and yummy. Had a great time.The cheese in the Mac and cheese was creamy and delicious, even 10 minutes later! Unlike most Mac & Cheese which gets hard or loses its creamy texture quickly, this one was perfect the whole time! 
Great service by Earl and his Bloody Marys are good too!Thursday, June 1st, 2017 my wife, myself, and 5 more of our friends stopped to eat at Toulas, based on the reviews from Yelp. What a terrible mistake. We were literally the only customers at the time, we were sat at a big table and our drink orders taken. We immediately started being dripped on by the condensation from the A/C. Another couple walked in and was sat and they too started being dripped on. The manager was also our waitress. After moving our table out of the way of the drip, another 10 mins went by and the manager came to take our order. Still no drinks.  Once we got our drinks, our beers were hot, as if they grabbed it directly out of a closet.  The manager told us they were OUT of steaks, shrimp and the sauce for their "House specialty" blackened fish. I was the last of all 7 to order. I ordered an oyster poboy  and my wife ordered red beans and rice and I was told that they didn't have fries to go with my poboy. She didn't tell anyone else this. So once our party asked what are we gonna have instead of fries, because every order came with fries, the manager said gumbo and no one wanted gumbo. So she said red beans and rice. Everyone agreed upon it.  My order came out first, with gumbo as a side. I told her that's not what I wanted and she said they were out but they were cooking some more red beans. The rest of the party's order came all with gumbo as a side.  My wife who ordered red beans and rice, and my buddy who ordered crawfish nachos never got their food. We all had previously told the manager that we didn't want gumbo and she gave it to us anyways.  So they're out of Steak, Shrimp, sauce, fries, red beans and rice.   A new waitress came out and said 5 minutes on the red beans and rice.  10 minutes later she came back and said 5 more minutes.  The whole time, my friend's order of crawfish nachos never came out. The manager then blamed them being out of everything on the past weekend for Memorial Day. ITS THURSDAY now. After five of us finished eating my wife and my friend had still NOT received their orders and no one received their side of red beans and rice.  My friend got up to leave as his order was coming out and he said he didn't want it anymore because everyone was done eating. The manager handed it back to the cook and told him he didn't want it. The cook, a heavy set African American man, said "Then tell them to get the fuck out!"  I paid for my poboy, and my wife and I left. By far the worst experience I've had. We walked down the street to Huck Finn's  and it was amazing.Stopped in last night. Expected good food. Ordered the catfish platter. Catfish platter consisted of one piece of fish and coleslaw. What? Not what I would consider a platter. Well it was served on an oval shaped plate. The fish was tasteless like frozen fish maybe. Best thing about my meal was the dr. pepper. Ordered some fries because like I said one piece of fish and some coleslaw. 10 fries cost $5 wouldn't do it again. Would give zero stars if that was available. Bunch of bullish as far as I am concerned.We just happened to stumble upon this little place across from our hotel. The gumbo and spicy sausage po boy was AMAZING. Super nice staff, a typical dive bar feel. Bartender Alan suggested wonderful local beers. Definitely revisiting this place before we leave NOLA- maybe even before the end of the day.This was the worst dining experience I have ever had. First off, they were out of half of their menu items and the waitress didn't tell us until after we ordered them but said she took it upon herself to substitute it with red beans and rice which we agreed to. When we got our food, she had almost all of our orders wrong and kept telling us she would bring us the correct food but never did. We then decided to just go somewhere else and once she told the cooks we could hear them telling her that we can just "get the fuck out" and raised his arms when I called him out on it and continued to cuss us out. I wouldn't suggest this place to anyone it was terribleJust say in one week my teenage daughter demanded we return twice for the chefs creole pasta. Other standouts were BBQ shrimp and the gumbo.. she tried gumbo in 6 different places and gave this top billing.
Drinks were good and service was friendly and welcoming . Not crowed quick and easy. Ask for John the bartender who is great! Wife would go just for the made from scratch French fries!I've lost the ability to integrate Space and Time, and my body no longer perceives the difference between being inside the restaurant and outside the restaurant, and that's just because i tasted the grits.   Needless to say, this place offers a transcendent experience.   Try the fried oyster po boy or the crawfish po boy.  But you CANNOT visit this city without tasting the voodoo magic of their shrimp and grits.   Recommendation from server of Purple Haze beer was perfect.   Staff servers are kind, attractive, and fun, and the kitchen staff are from an alternative dimension where cooking is done for Gods!Our group had shrimp & grits, grits & grillades
 and shrimp poboys. They were all delicious. Had beignets for dessert - they were wonderful.I was in town for a beachbody fitness conference.  I was looking for a chest meal lol. OMG the bread pudding was the best everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr. I'm going back to NOLA just for that. The po-boy was good too. But I'm dreaming of the bread puddingThis is a hidden gem here in NOLA.  The food was delicious and the service was great.  Austin our server was friendly and prompt.Amazing food and great service. Shrink and pasta was great, so was the gumbo. Rum punch was hands down the best around.Jessica, fire waitress. Jalapeño Poppers, fire appetizer. This kitchen is a convinent location right next to Bourbon, Canal and Harrah's! Definitely a cool place to stop by and get a drink and snack.We enjoyed a great breakfast there.  Alexis was a great waitress.  The grits, bacon and mimosas were amazing!  Highly recommend this place!  The shrimp and grits were the absolute best in Nola.Stumbled upon Toula's while in NOLA a few weeks ago. Everything is made from scratch. I ordered the pasta and my boys ordered Po Boys. Turns out they were out of pasta so the waiter basically told me I needed to get the braised short rib and Mac n cheese and offered it at the same price. I can't begin to describe how delicious it was. My boys tried it and after devouring their Po Boys I had to share mine with them! The Flautos were omg so good. It was so delicious we went back our last day for lunch. Service was outstanding and oh so friendly.New mgmt.! Walked in, not sure what to expect! Awesome food and drinks. Had the gumbo, meat lovers pizza and the hangover (burger) with seasoned fries! Everything on point! David was awesome! Great drinks! 
If your looking for great convo and even better food...don't hesitate to stop in.The blackened Catfish was amazing. Also loved the dirty rice! It was so good and flavorful. I was so impressed, I ordered 2 of these for myself.My husband said the shrimp tacos were good. The burger I had was average. Kind of a dive bar atmosphere. The grill made the room smoky also. They charged $2 for a glass of tap water in a plastic cup. They were out of oysters and po boy buns.Omg the food here was soooo amazingly great I had the shrimp pasta and the sauce was unlike any sauce I ever had, I tasted the love in the dish! My mom got the bbq shrimp and grits and she fell in love 10/10 would recommendGreat gumbo and oyster po-boy! Even better service from Ryan!!  Good grub before our NOLA Bus Tour. Thank you Val for your recommendation.This is a hole in the wall gem! Service was excellent, no wait. There is limited seating, full bar. We wanted lunch, easy walk from many hotels. I had a blackened shrimp salad- now I love shrimp, but this was the best! Excellent service, fresh food, prompt serving and pleasant atmosphere. Should not pass up this place for lunch or dinner- it is a taste of New Orleans!Came to the restuarant and no one was dining. We took a chance anyway because we had a coupon for a free drink. We ordered the swamp thing cocktail and the spinach dip and both were amazing!! Just goes to show you can't judge a book by its cover.Here's a pic of the menu!                                  
I'm biased because I work here but the food is legit. Really soulful and delicious.The only good thing about this restaurant was the taste if the gumbo.  It came out lukewarm and without the bread.  I did not have any chicken in the chicken and sausage gumbo.  I did tell the waiter about it and i did not have me pay for it.  Problem resolved and the waiter was very nice.  I came with a party of 8 and all but 2 said the food was not warm enough.Amazing, savory grits + $3 ($20 pitcher) mimosas made our morning. The staff was quick to provide suggestions for things-to-do & eat around town. Perfect for a quick stop this AM, but we may be back to enjoy their full menu of creole Cajun delights (other customers were RAVING).Great food and service! Shrimp and grits, shrimp po boy and bread pudding are AMAZING!! Off the beaten path by Harrahs. No wait so that made it even better!The food was outstanding. The service was good.
It was a great place for lunch after a crazy morning touring an awesome city.
Tried both the blackened and fried shrimp PoBoys. Both were awesome.Ok. Now I may not know what "good" New Orleans cooking should taste like, but Damn. That was good. "Tour of New Orleans: Jambalaya, Gumbo, Baked Macaroni  (in place Collard Greens), and Andouille Sausage. I added a side of fried gulf shrimp. It was all extremely tasty (foodgasmic) in every bite. New Management from what I was told. They are doing something right.A good neighborhood bar to hang at after a day of exploring NOLA. Nice people (Hi Mary) and good drinks.Great food, great bar, looks like a hole in the wall but food and service is great. There is not a bad dish in the place!While walking by this place on our way back to the hotel with some drinks in our hand we stopped to glance at the menu. While looking over the menu, two men encouraged us to step in and try some food.  I've played in this scene before at another restaurant.  Being the nice people we are with a bit of a tempting stomach we gave in. One of our friends ordered something with a side of fries.  We munched off her fries and was just not impressed.  I mean fries, who doesn't make decent fries.  Where was the seasoning?  My friend said her entree was meh'.  She couldn't dined somewhere else and had a better New Orleans dining experience for sure.  The folks were very nice though and that always helps an environment.  Can't go wrong with greetings and smiles, well that is until the meal comes. Oh, well we gave it a try.Shrimp po boy and fries were EXCELLENT. I would consider moving to New Orleans so I could eat it everyday.We received a recommendation for this EXCELLENT little gem on our first full day in New Orleans. As a Canadian, I had never had real shrimp and grits, so was a bit hesitant. 
Let's just say I would be delirious with joy if I could get their recipe! The meal was absolutely superb, along with the service.  Truthfully, I think this was in the top five meals of my entire stay. 
Cannot wait to somehow find my way back to this beautiful city and enjoy another meal at Toula's!My friend and I placed our food order but we didn't have a chance to taste the food because a roach ran across the table. Gross.Had a free dinner while here on business. Really wanted some etoufee. 
Toula's delivered the goods!   Had an Abita Turbo Dog and some buffalo wings to start and they were crispy and meaty.  Good wing.  
Then had the crawfish etoufee for dinner.  It was great and everything was reasonably priced.  
I would definitely come back.Twilight zone: wtf. 
Stumbled upon this bar in the rain. The television was playing the mamas and the papas followed by Barry Manilow. It was the bartenders first day and she was being "schooled" by the manager who appeared to be somewhat maniac. His tangents went from charging tourists slightly more than locals, to the perfect price for an IPA. We were hesitant to try the food due to the disorganization of the whole operation.Possibly the best roast beef poboy in the city. Fettuccine alfredo was also on point.  If your limping off bourbon, and looking for some good New Orleans cusine, this is a good spot with 0 wait time.  I promise you will not be disappointed.Just really slow
Food is decent 
If Yelp is going to make me right more 
We have been here for an hour and still haven't ate
Bartender is cool but doesn't make up for food timeAbsolutely amazing food.  Excellent staff good customer service.  I had the Shrimp and Tasso Pasta.  It was so delicious.The food here really great! We had fish and fry's and shrimp and grit. All fresh and great! My three years old daughter ate almost entire fish! LolThe gentlemen bartending completely ignored my boyfriend and I. We noticed it was an older crowd but we felt very discriminated against our age (early 20's). We walked right out. Will be informing our friends and family in Miami to avoid this location at all cost.Had to stop by one more time b4 we left to have another shrimp poboy. Had one last night but forgot to check in and it's amazing.  The shrimp is perfectly seasoned and the swamp punch is everything.  Honestly I am not a fan of colored drinks other than frozen drinks but this is so delicious. The staff and the  Wyndham workers are hospitable and adds character to the place.We came in this restaurant and start ordering , as soon as they got our order we saw a big rat crawling on the floor and we notified them right away , to a turning point they got mad at us telling us that this is new orleans and rats are everywhere and they start to get rude on us, the waitress was so mean and rude just what the yelp review is, man our last day in the big easy but it was a sad experience, to all of you here at yelp , me and my wife my family wont recommend this restaurant, its disgusting ,the server is rude and needs manners to deal with customers, we notified them them that theres a big rat crawling instead they got mad at us , you should thank us for notifying the restaurant and one more thing the fried chicken was raw , its still not cook all the way , man what an rxperience, sorry toulas creole kitchen , nut your service is bad and i think you need to clean up your place, thanks  for a bad service , you people i dont know what to say but be careful if you eat here , sorry but i have to let you knowFood is out of this world good. Dont miss this place under any circunstances.  
Service  is really friendly and attentive.
Recomend it with 5 extra stars.Best food. I got shrimp tulla pasta, the shrimp is best in nola. The chef is amazing he is great.Go for the drinks, not for the food. Kitchen forgot our order and several tables who ordered after us got their food before us. 
Then when the kitchen finally got to our order, they screwed it up. We ordered blackened shrimp poboys and the kitchen brought us fried shrimp poboys instead. Couldn't even finish them because they were way too salty.
The servers and bar were exceptional considering everything. They comped the messed-up food items from our bill and offered us some vodka-soaked strawberries on the house.
Cocktails were delicious and very well-balanced. The bar and servers are the only reason I'm giving this place more than one star. Come for the drinks, not for the food.Friendly server, great food, they had football on for my guy and they were participating with the ambassador pass so overall a great experience.
Details - we were asked to sit wherever we wanted, no wait is always nice.
Drinks we kept it simple, day was hot and drinks were cold
Food was tasty and hot.  I got the shrimp and pasta.  The sauce was delicious!!!  My husband got the braised beef and macaroni.  The beef was very tender and moist.
Thanks guys!!!I have nothing to say but wonderful things about this place. Honestly I didn't want to eat here at first but we have it a try anyways and it was amazing. The food drinks an most of all the service. I would go back just based off the service there. 10 thumbs up thanks for showing us houston people a good time.Finally New Orleans food with flavor.  The catfish is soo light and flaky.  The flavor is perfect. Our waitress is new but very knowledgable about the menu, drinks and specials.  It's pretty slow in here but sports are on the TVs and the overhead music is not overwhelming.  And if you check in on Yelp you get 20% off.  Great food, great value!Yumm yumm yumm and one more time YUMM 
Excellent service 
Good ambiance 
Fresh
Good price 
LOVE it
Will come backVisiting New Orleans in business. Looked up Recommendations on Yelp and this was #2 in our area. Got there at 7 pm and place was pretty much empty, which concerned us a little. Very authentic, old bar with only about 10 tables. Small and nothing fancy. My exact words were "Well, Yelp hasn't disappointed me yet, so let's try it."  Place is really clean and quaint. 
Friend and I sat at the old school bar and had a couple of drinks (FYI no draft beer but lots of choices in bottle).  We ordered the Creole white bean and shrimp. I had the bread pudding too. Both were fantastic. 
Yelp did not disappoint. Place was great and food was great and by the time we left, place was packed. Thank you Micah the bartender for being friendly and serving us. It was delicious.Great food, drinks, and service! The shrimp po' boy was excellent and a Bloody Mary that was much needed! Everyone that works here is super nice...even to a bama fan during the bama vs LSU game!