Best cracklings I have ever had!!!! And the rest was also absolutely delicious. Highly recommendSo maybe it was the food, the football game, the ambience, the company, or a combination that made this dining experience wonderfully memorable. I ordered the lamb neck, which was tender, moist, savory, and well paired with black eyed pea ragout and fennel. My companion had the BBQ goat with citrus slaw and cornbread. Both dishes were amazing! The wine menu is full, but not overbearing (by the bottle). We enjoyed a light red, Spy Valley Pinot Noir. Our meal was followed by doberge cake (the salted caramel, peanut butter, and bacon) and Irish coffee. The cake was perfection! Our waitress was attentive and engaging, the host was personable, and the remaining waitstaff engaged us in light conversation as well.
At the close of the evening (which coincided with the closing of the restaurant for the evening), the chef, Isaac Toups, came to check on our satisfaction with our meals, which was a nice touch. He then brought over shots of Jack Daniels as a final salud. 
Compliments all around to Toups' Meatery!Flavor update:
Had the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich today for lunch. The pictures that keep getting posted on Instagram just made me have to have it. Omg! Best chicken sandwich I've ever had! Everything on it just works together. Get it. Enjoy it. Savor it.5 stars for my first time attending. Boudain balls, head hog cheese, double chop pork chop, and the venison. Everything was so good. The chef even came out and introduced our entree's. The dirty rice with the chop is probably the BEST dirty rice here!Don't think about it and order the meatery board. Also had the boudin balls. I docked a star because the combination of the balls and the meats were slightly more salty than i would have liked it, but I think it will taste even more refined if you pair it with the appropriate wine (but I did not feel like drinking wine that day). Server explained in depth what each meat was on my board so that was very much appreciated.I am loving Toups!! Big fan! This is my first time dining here with my girls and were we in for a treat! We had the crackins, deviled eggs, and boudin balls as an app and we were pleasantly surprised to find a kick in our deviled eggs! The ambience very nice and sunny. The owner, Amanda Toups, even came over to have a chit chat with us. She was very charming and very funny! Our entrees were chicken thighs, duck, ribs, and the ohh so juicy porkchop. My favorite would have to be the chicken thighs they were fork tender so so so good! We were so full we didn't have room for dessert but the selection although small all sound delicious. They even have a bacon cake!!!! Whattt?!?!?? But besides all that I enjoyed my experience and I am definately going to become a regular!I flew down from New York to New Orleans for New Year's Eve and waited far too long to make dinner reservations. I am SO glad that this was the only place I could find. The tasting menu was absolutely outstanding! If it's in any way representative of their everyday menu, I'm going to seriously consider a change in home base (kidding - but I'll definitely be going back to Toups whenever I come back to this city). The double cut lamb chop entree and the fresh oyster starter were some of the best bites of food I've ever put in my mouth. Just cannot say enough good things about what a great time we had.Had the Chef lunch (boudin balls, Toups burger, beer). Boudin balls were quite possibly the best i've had, and being from Cajun country, i've had a few. The burger was one of the best i've tried in New Orleans. Here's a rundown: big, cheesy, soft bun, pickled squash cut thin, perfect bacon, and meat that has just the right amount of fire and seasoning. Not too much, not too bland. I usually like my burger buns a little less buttery, but other than that this burger is a knockout.
my lunchmates are some of the pickiest eaters I know and they raved about the BLT special and the quail dish.
Service was outstanding.
I will certainly be back to try more of what this jewel in Mid City has to offer.First time here and had to eat at Toups! Shared dishes and it was awesome! Thank you Toups' for a great meal and and a great memory!My son and I were giving my new Samsung Galaxy Tablet a work out. More specifically we were cruising You Tube for Action Bronson's series..."Fuck, That's Delicious." We happened upon the episode highlighting Toups Meatery, and we decided to go there for dinner. One of the best decisions we have made this week.
This small restaurant is firing on all cylinders, great layout, superb wait staff and and enough meat dishes to make this pair of carnivores very happy.
We started out with some well crafted cocktails. Their names escape me, but I was very satisfied as was my kid. 
We made a meal of the the Pickle plate....various types of pickled vegetables, the ginger beets were the highlight of that plate, but all the pickles were yummy in their own unique way. In addition, we had the bone marrow plate and the Meatery Board. This is not your parents selections of meat, but an amazing sampler of charcuterie. Just amazing for those who like out of the ordinary meaty fare. 
No matter what you have, be sure to save room for dessert...The 7 layer cakes they serve are outsourced, and are magnificent. With a cup of coffee a fitting end to a great meal.Toups has never failed to wow me. From lunch to dinner everytime I go I leave with a happy belly. Its just so good!This place was life changing! I'm a huge foodie and this place is on my #1 spot! Everything on their menu is delicious. Make sure you try their meatery board! See more details on my blog www.twofoodiesandthetruck.com  - the big easyLove this place. Just had an amazing dinner with my family! The cheese and the meat boards are both a must. The pork chop was incredibly tender. I love the  Seafood Couvillion. The servers were all very attentive a knowledgeable. Can't wait to go back!really good food - different - extraordinarily tasty meat dishes like you have never sampled before. Good serious service tops it off.We had an unfulfilled experience last night.  The "host" was extremely rude regarding our reservation and seemed preoccupied and inconvenienced by us.  The food was mediocre, but most disheartening was the poor service.  We won't be returning.Just enjoyed the meatery platter, deviled eggs, and bibb salad--fantastic! I ate my first duck hearts and head cheese and loved every bite, especially with the housemade pickles vegetables. I wish I lived in town to come back for more candied pork belly and cracklins.Had a delicious and unique dinner here on Tuesday night. 
Set the scene: the place is more casual than I expected and the decor is minimalist:  wooden top tables, wood floors, a few blown up photos and deer antlers on the wall. The front room is bright and also contains the bar, the back room is darker (we needed a flashlight to see the menu which the staff provided). I recommend the back room.
Now, on to the food. We started with the meat board. AMAZING, a definite must try. It was a selection of the best the restaurant has to offer including a chicken terrine, chicken liver mousse, homemade sausage, cured meats, hogahead cheese, a boudin ball and picked vegetables. It also had cracklins and candied cracklins. 
For our main course my date and I split the lamb neck and house salad w Gouda and pecans. The lamb neck was delicious and it must have been cooked for hours and hours. The meat just fell off the bone. The salad left me wanting a little more. As it was a house salad it was simple, but the vinaigrette just wasn't vinegary enough. 
Finally dessert- king cake doberge cake fromDrbbie Does Doberge. Wow! Yummy! Lots of icing. Highly recommend.The peacock serves an excellent dinner under the live oaks.  Anyone who disparages a server, calling them drunk or high, should be ashamed of themselves.  We sat outside and ordered the hogsheads cheese, the chicken liver mousse and the cracklings.  Cracklings are supposed to be crunchy .  They are supposed to be seasoned.  If ones taste buds are not accustomed to real live country cooking they shouldn't whine about what we eat.  Either adjust or go eat fast food.  And Larry....his wit and wisdom will always help you choose the right dish for you.  Leave your bad attitude at home.Wonderful food! Had the Lamb Neck which was tender and flavorful. Pork Chop was also a surprise and delight.My friend changed my life last night and took me to Toups' Meatery for the first time, I truly honestly died. Everything was so bomb, also the cracklins not pictured BEST in the city no doubt. I tried some martini (watermelon??) that tasted just how I imagined Hubba bubba would as a drink, AMAZING. The whole staff was so friendly and helpful, the atmosphere was cozy. Definitely found a new spot and I can't wait to go back.After seeing Chef Isaac on Top Chef my wife and I were determined to visit his restaurant. A short trip from St Louis to NOLA for a meeting provided such opportunity. 
Toups is a great restaurant adorned with English mount animal heads and old black and white farm pictures.  A foreshadowing of the meal to come!
Starters were smoked trout deviled eggs topped with cracklins and the foie gras. The foie was some of the best I've ever eaten, a perfect portion size too. The deviled eggs were served in 5 making it a meal unto itself. Both apps were so good my wife and I were eager to order more food. 
Main courses were venison and the lamb neck. The venison was cooked perfectly and the seasoning was spot on. I've killed, cooked and eatin a lot of venison and can't recall it tasting nearly as good as Toups. Life changing! My wife is a connoisseur of lamb. My family has a farm where we raise and eat lamb. In saying that, the look on my wife's face when she tasted the lamb neck meat with the black eyed peas was one of pure culinary  satisfaction. 
The evening was brought full circle when leaving we ran into the man himself, Chef Isaac Toups. Chef Isaac took the time to shake our hands, introduced himself and his wife Amanda. We praised his great food, apologized for disturbing him and wished him well. He's just as you'd expect, souther style nice guy to the core.  I'll be sure to visit again soon. Thank youWhat a great restaurant. The food is INCREDIBLE! Can't wait to go back. 
Service was so attentive. Music was 90s grunge. Love itCame here on the recommendation of a family member.  Lots of good meat choices and lots of unique preparation.  Hats off to the chef for his imaginative preparations and unique presentations.Amazing amazing amazing! Our friends took us here while we were visiting and we had the tastiest meal!!! The meat board was heavenly and so was the marrow appetizer. The duck was perfect as were the steaks. Can't think of a single complaint. If you love meat you should absolutely try this place out.I had been wanting to try this place for a while. We got the pickle plate to start. Figure we would get more than just pickles for $9 but ok. For the entrees, I got the steak and my wife got the duck. Both came out about 45 minutes after ordering. Both were pretty burnt on the outsides and insides chewy.  We got the doberge cake which was pretty good and also got the ta ta boiulle which was a plop of chocolate on top of a Graham cracker with marshmallow on top....that is called a s'more. They pretty much ruined an old bayou dessert. Not anything close to a ta ta boiulle. Gave an extra star for the wide drink menu and The waiter was cool. For $130 bill, Very disappointed...Two out of our party of four didn't feel well after lunch. Service was spotty. Pickles were amazingMy 3 star review is an average based on several factors:
Food - 4 1/2 stars
Our server - 4 stars
The other server (the guy with the glasses) - 0 stars
The kitchen - 1 star
We were here on March 1 during our vacation to New Orleans. We are fans of Top Chef and meat, so we were really excited to dine at Toups.
Make no mistake: the cocktails were excellent. The food was delicious. Our server was a very nice girl (petite and dark hair, if you're reading this, Chef.) My goat dish was perfectly cooked. The poutine was a slight bit salty, but overall we almost licked the plate. 
This is pretty much were the greatness ends.
We showed up at 6:45 for our 7:30 reservation as we were in the area early and got seated immediately.
We didn't leave until 10. It took nearly AN HOUR for our entrees to come out.
The place was PACKED, so we understood that we might be waiting a bit. We accept that. But when my husband was walking past the small window into the kitchen, and hears another server (we'll call him blond bearded guy) say "table 11 hasn't been fired and they ordered 45 minutes ago" (not our table) we knew we were in trouble.
Chef Toups himself even stopped in to say "yo" to his bartenders early in the night. I tweeted him to return to the restaurant as the 3 servers, 1 bartender and 4 people in the kitchen were IN THE WEEDS. (he didn't tweet back)
What absolutely ruined this experience for us was "the server with the glasses" - when he dropped off our foie gras dish, he literally dropped it off. Tossed it on the table like the dish was on fire and melting his hand and walked away. Didn't describe the dish, didn't even at least say "here's your foie." Nothing.
NOTHING.
The kitchen was really in the weeds because we saw lovely deviled egg dishes going out to other tables. Ours arrived plated very sloppily. Not the experience we expected from a "Top Chef"
Our sweet server must have noticed how pissed we were and how miserable we were, and when the kitchen "made a mistake and made an extra dessert" we were the benefactors of it. Truthfully, she probably knew she needed to do something. We aren't ones to "make a scene" nor are we one to make a server's tip suffer for things beyond their control. 
Without a doubt the food was outstanding, but the experience overall was a complete bummer.All my bags were packed and I was ready to go, from New Orleans. I wanted one last good meal before I left and was recommended to check out Toups for their meat plate. John and (Pin)? Sorry, we're behind the bar and made me feel like I was at my neighborhood spot. Great beet based cocktail complimented the amazing plate that kept me busy for a while. The only difficult part was deciding which item was my favorite. Chicken liver mousse may have taken it but it was a photo finish. Thank you guys for leaving such a strong impression of NOLA with me. Hope to come back sometime. you are on my short list of must see places for friends heading down.If you are visiting NOLA and want to try something out of the quarter that won't let you down, make a reservation now!
The cheese plate appetizer was incredible. We practically licked it clean and enjoyed all of the jams and relishes included. 
We had the duck and the wagyu beef. I'm not typically a fan of duck, and this duck was incredible. The wagyu beef was also amazing and tender. Every once in a while I have a "kiss the chef" moment and this was one of those. xxThis place was such a joke. My fiance and I went here for my birthday, and it was just awful. We didn't have a reservation, so they were completely unaccomodating. We were finally seated, and after we ordered, the waiter snarkily told us that we could always order more (how about just letting us know it wouldn't be a lot of food?). About 45 minutes later, we got our food. I love Cajun food, but this tasted like it was all boiled in vinegar. It was sickly tasting. Needless to say, it really wasn't much food, but we were not going to order anything else. While we're waiting for our waiter to bring us our check, he continued to schmooze the drunk couple next to us for fifteen minutes. Finally he walks up to us, smiles and says "Oh... did I forget you guys? Sorry... I guess I was kind of ignoring you." He took our plates and we waited for another ten minutes for him to take our check. Again, he was chatting and laughing with the obnoxious drunk couple beside us. Finally I got sick of waiting. I left him cash with about ten cents more than the total and we left. This was easily the worst place I've ever had the displeasure of eating at. Fast food has better service! Additionally, this place is trying way too hard to be upscale and pretentious when it clearly can't pull it off. Avoid this place at all costs!After watching Chef Isaac on Top Chef, it was a treat to be able to dine at his restaurant while visiting NOLA. We loved every bite of food we had. The crab claw appetizer was the perfect combination of sweet and spicy, the meat board was unbelievable (dip the cracklins in the chicken liver mousse!), and the pork chop with fat rice was UNREAL! You can really taste and enjoy the deep, rich history of Chef Issac and his family who have been in NOLA for over 300 years. This is definitely a must see and eat restaurant.The ambience gives for a note modern feel, with a very friendly staff. We ordered the meatery plate and the pork chop. Don't let the prices or the dollar signs fool you, these meals were worth every penny. I split both dishes with another person and we still had enough from the pork chop to likely feed another.
The meatery plate: a selection of about ten different things, the highlights to me were the bacon wrapped date which was the perfect balance of sweet and salty, crunchy and soft, the boudin ball which sits atop a nice acidic sauce to cut into the fat, and the cracklings which were little bits of fried pork belly that were amazing.
The pork chop: the dirty rice that this behemoth of a pork chop sits on is amazing. The only minus is that this takes quite a bit of time to cook since it is so massive. The pork was cooked evenly throughout and remained perfectly juicy while the exterior had the perfect crisp I crave with my meat.
The other nice thing is chef Isaac Toups was very friendly and made himself very visible throughout the dinner, often taking pictures when he had the chance with the guests.Coming from out of town, we made sure to make a reservation far in advance. We were seated immediately & our friendly waiter stopped over to share the specials with us.
We started off with a mushroom, grits & quail egg special that was absolutely divine. We scraped the plate clean. Next, we had the foie gras torchon which was very rich. We finished with a cheese plate that had 3 generous portions of pungent cheeses, complimented with fresh jam, strawberries and pecans.
For entrées, we had the Venison and Wagyu beef. The Venison was cooked perfectly and the Wagyu beef was complimented well by corn & potato puree.
The highlight of my dinner, however, was a seasonal watermelon martini that was fresh, light & flavorful.Brought friends and family here a few times and it always wins over our guests. The meat board is divine. The apps and entrees are top-notch. The drinks are spot on. The service is excellent and the atmosphere is easy. Worth it!We were visiting NOLA and our friends took us to Toups our first night. Wow! Really good food and service, and the host, Larry, was a hoot! Toups is full of personality and well-crafted food. Go. Now.The experience could be described as "there wasn't a bite that wasn't amazing." From the smoked pastrami on the Meatery board, to the BBQ Shrimp, to the "cracklins"- the most austere word imaginable for such an amazingly well fried pork belly that stole the show. My Wagyu beef was a tender, amazingly well cooked piece of meat, and my wife's seafood couvillon was, in her words, "an epiphany." General Manager Jon and the staff did an amazing job of making us feel well cared for and made sure we didn't have an empty glass the entire evening. I can't recommend Toups' enough!Isaac Toups is a culinary God!  You must try the bone marrow with your complimentary whiskey shot -- this changed my life.....nuff said!The double cut pork chop is delicious. The dirty rice it's served on is scrumptious, especially with the sweet gastric on top. Great flavor combination. It was great meeting Chef Issac and his wife at the bar, they are your typical friendly down south Cajuns.We made this the first stop on our New Orleans trip because we saw the chef on Top Chef. And sadly (very sadly because I REALLY REALLY wanted to love this place). We had the boudan balls (those were great) and the pickle plate. The cucumber pickles were awesome but the fennel and cabbage was bad. Like, couldn't even eat the fennel. My husband had the gulf seafood couvillion and enjoyed it. I had the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich and the chicken was great, but the bacon was very overpowering (to the point you couldn't taste anything but the bacon). The chips were soggy. I enjoyed it, but definitely don't feel it's a "must do" in the city.This place is always a treat.  The food is incredible, new, yet familiar.  Love coming here and being adventurous.My husband and I decided to dine with you tonight after a very long hiatus.  I ordered the confiet chicken thighs ($18) and after the first bite I was overwhelmed by the salt content. This is coming from a person who loves salt and enjoys well-seasoned poultry. This, however, was ridiculously salty and I had to ask for it to go back to the kitchen where I observed staff tasting it and nodding agreeably that the chicken was over salted. The manager came out to offer me another option from the menu and suggested the quail ($22). I decided to go with the quail when in actuality I wanted the chicken dish with less salt.  The manager explained that all of the chicken had been brined and likely I wouldn't enjoy how salty any of the chicken would turn out.  Quail it was, which was good. I did enjoy it, but what really made me discontent was when I received the check. After your kitchen failure, I waited an additional 25 minutes to receive my meal all to be charged a higher price than what I'd originally ordered. Let's be clear, I wasn't after a comp meal, but if you're really trying to make things right don't charge me $4 more for a meal I didn't want to begin with. My husband begged me to let him pay and agree to not come back over hashing it out in the restaurant. We won't be back, because I've been left with a very salty taste in my mouth with how this situation was handled.this was excellente cept the chicken wasn't.  everything else was above and beyond.   charcuterie plate, pickle plate cheeses, and those beets?  wow.   really enjoyed my dinner although its pretty loud inside.
I had a great time and loved it all.     however I was with a celebrity chef who wasn't impressed with her chicken.   she didn't send it back, but we did make a comment to the waiter who was gracious about it.Veal Sweetbread Poutine 18$ // fried potato and sweetbreads smothered with gravy and cheddar cheese then sprinkled w green onions. Heavy dish. I could only take a few bites before I couldn't stomach anymore. Okay in flavors, maybe more on the boring side. Disappointed that the cheese wasn't distributed more evenly. I don't care about pretty food, just makes it a challenge to eat when it's not necessary. 
Smoked Trout Deviled Eggs 7$ // I enjoy the texture the crisp and trout roe brings to the eggs. I didn't taste much of the pickled jalapeño. Okay appetizer. 
BBQ Goat 23$ // The cornbread stood out way more than the goat, pickled peppers, & citrus slaw. The goat was cooked well. The flavors did not stand out to me. & the bitterness of the purple cabbage overtook everything. 
Fried Rice & Porkbelly Special 25$ // I wish the porkbelly was cooked more crispy. The fried rice had flavor. However, the dish is to mushy!Followed this place on social media a while before I got to try it out. Telling you now.
Just get the meatery board. Included boudin, Head cheese, pork belly, liver mousse, house cured ham, sausage with Parmesan and blueberries. Plus more. So much I can't remember them all. 
We added pickles and cheese too but the pickles are on the meatery board, so unless you want extra try another small addition. Drinks were interesting and delicious. Had the Manhattan and The Rye or Reason. 
Knowledgeable staff and good service. It's on the definite list for sure.Generous portions and fantastic meat. The meat board was amazing, especially all the pork belly creations. We got the lamb neck as well, which looked delicious and tasted even better. Chef Isaac was at the bar and came over to say hi - he's just as nice and welcoming as on TV. Definitely worth the trip.Had the Special Steak for the Day  / 40oz Rib Eye, Delicious....
Sides-Cumber Salad, Cornbread....
Chocolate Mousse topped with Blueberries..
Wonderful....
Complaint- got the Artichokes for a app / terrible...
It appeared it was blanched, with a special sauce poured on top...
- kudos to management, they comp'd it....
Highly recommend....We went once a month ago.  We go back today not only do they remember us but they remembered what we ordered.
I went in for what I thought would be a quick drink but 3 hours later I had one of the best meals I have ever had and found a treasure of a place.
Anyone that says something bad about this place has issues with themselves.
I am looking forward to my next visit in a week, I won't be able to stay away much longer then that!Chef Issac, your food was wonderful as always but whoever you hired to run the front of the house is going to be the death of you. He was incredibly rude from start to finish. I am a native New Orleanian & the thought that he is representing the best service that we have to offer is incredibly embarrassing. My friend & I I thanked him every time he set something down on the table and he couldn't even muster up a "you're welcome". He eventually threw yes, THREW the check on our table. Issac, you are too good of a person to have someone like that representing you. FYI: I'm the girl that that was with the tall red head & who blew you kisses while you were on the phone outside today at lunch.Talk about a meat feast!!!
A friend was in town and he suggested we eat here, he heard good things about. I'm glad we did! The place is beautiful redone. and now the food...
We had the Meatery board and it was really good. A sample board of meats and sausage. The devil eggs are devilous. The slider trio I can live without. In a town with a lot of small plates popping these sliders were the worst I have had. The star of the night was the double cut pork chop. I mean DAMN GOOD!!!! so tender and juicy, I swear I can taste it now.
I will be back! Gotta try the spare ribs, Confit chicken thighs. Roasted duck. They also have veggie and cheese boards and salads... but whats the point, give me da meat!!!Great food. Kind of hipsterish. If you like cured meats and lots of flavor then you'll like this place. Cool venue.So, to preface, I made a reservation on their website for 1.30PM. Came in early and it wasn't packed so they were able to seat me and my boys immediately after walking in.
The ambience of this joint is cool. There a YUGE variety of whiskeys (they have Pappy!) and drinks, however after a night on the town I was not feeling the booze at the time. Rain check until next time. The music was some good hip-hop, Lupe Fiasco, I think I heard Wu-Tang maybe. Definitely not the trash I hear on the radio these days.
So the apps. I ordered these crab claws as an app  and WOW. They had excellent flavor. Fresh, vibrant colors, with an awesome citrusy juice to it, and had the spices going too, and reminded me of something Asian/Thai inspired. The claws were succulent and meaty. 
For my main I had the Chef's Burger, which came with chips, boudin balls, a beer (didn't take it, no sir), and THE best burger I've had in my life. The boudin balls were perfectly fried and would have been an excellent food to have while drinking.
The burger. Upon first bite, it was like biting into a cloud. I seriously can tell you, I didn't know where the food had gone. It was so moist, and juicy, that the patty and the bun quite literally dissolved as soon as it hit my tongue. There's not much to say, except it's a must - have if you're not ordering something else. And butter. Nuff said.
After all is said and eaten, I would love to come here again and hopefully catch chef Toups to get a picture cuz I'm a fan.I hadn't been here a while. One of the guests at the the table had trouble finding any "normal food" that she would eat and the other decided on the steak after some back and forth. I picked the venison and thought both the steak and venison to be cooked perfectly; however, it was extremely salty. The waitress warned us that one of the dishes would be by saying "the chef likes salt". I have always been one to add salt to my food but it was overpowering and frankly ruined what would have been a delicious meal. I can't say I'd return for anything other than the meat board.First time here. Place is ok. First off the floors are extremely slippery Donne careful of what shoes you wear. Two,it's hot as hell in there! And not to good of lighting. The food was ok. The cheese plates are good. The boudin balls was burnt and is ok on the inside. The cracklins was fresh but no season just taste like burnt hot grease. The crab claws was good and have a nice kick to it! The entrees are HUGE but salty! Will I come back? Maybe if only for an even but not one spot I will choose to come back if I had somewhere to choose to eat.OK so dessert first! You must try the Debbie Does Doberge cake in the blueberry cheesecake flavor. Yum. But on terms of meat - great selection, including boudin and fresh cracklins, which are hard to find menu items in a sit-down establishment such as this. I also enjoyed the seafood options. The fried shrimp on my poboy was cooked perfectly. When I ordered the drunken shrimp on another day I was surprised by the faces on the little critters, however it made a for a lovely presentation as they were drowning in an Abita Beer reduction, surrounded by a bed of rice. This restaurant has great service and a good location near City Park. The atmosphere inside is bright and sunny. They make their own potato chips, which are a little on the salty side. But the wonderful meals here are definitely worth checking out for yourself.My husband and I watched Top Chef this season and rooted for Isaac the whole way!  We knew we were going to try this place the next time we were in New Orleans. It did not disappoint. We sat at the bar on a busy Friday at lunch and had a great meal. Sweetbread poutine, boudin balls, burger, fried fish sandwich, and the cucumber salad. Delicious!  Everyone needs to try this place.Wow, what a horrible experience we had (full disclosure: we didn't try the food!) my boyfriend and i went to toupes last night (friday) and got there at 8pm. We were seated by the kitchen window which was loud, but we could deal with it. we then waited about 10 minutes to get water or a menu...or even see a server. once our server arrived with menus, she took our drink order. she then came over to tell us that they were out of 4 of the 7 menu items. 4 out of 7! on a friday night at 8. since both of the things we were craving were included in the 4 things they were out of, we left. very disappointed.Went by yesterday night, overall everything was good. We got a meat board, salad, pork chop, and the wagyu beef. A couple of things threw me off tho- the arugula apple salad was excellent except for the corn bread crutons, not crunchy but not soft they were kind of weird bits of foam in the salad. Personally I thought they took away from the salad texture wise. The cocktails (mine port based, my company's I forget) but both were very heavy on the liquors and syrupy. Wine is definitely the choice here not cocktails! All things considered it was a good experience and I'll most likely be back.Amazing find! Extensive whiskey bar, gourmet entre's! we had the bbq goat, roasted quail, marrow plate and 3 incredible appetizers!  Love the care and detail that the chef put into each dish. Foodie fun for gourmet meat lovers.Ordered the Shrimp Boullettes and Fish and Chips from the Coolinary menu. The two boullettes were very mealy. The accompanying pickles were fine, but the small plate looked very bare.
The tripletail and chips were quite good, fried nicely, but not much fish at all; mostly chips. Aioli was great. The server was competent and efficient. But the meal was really overpriced at $20. Like another customer, I was  surprised when the server removed a small plate on my table and put it back on a shelf with clean plates near the register. I hadn't used the plate, but the visual is not good. An attractive restaurant, but food and prices not attractive enough for me to return.Holy good lord jesus mary of God. This place is ridiculous. the atmosphere, the food, the drinks, the service. It is the perfect place in Mid-City to visit. The food is ridiculously amazing. If you're a vegetarian, stay away, but if you're a meat eater, you will go crazy for this place. It's a bit pricey, but a great place to go to with friends.This place was a complete let-down. My drinks were under-poured (and the main ingredient was missed completely), the food was lackluster and cold, and service was pathetic. Nonexistent. I should've gone across the street to the BBQ joint.Came here based on previous reviews and we were not disappointed.    Boudin balls were great , shrimp was fantastic.     Loved this place.I had the wagyu beef, and it was a transcendent experience. Cooked to perfection, the wagyu was balanced by a puree and vegetable combo that played very well together. I highly recommend this place to anyone that loves good steak.Our new favorite restaurant in 'Nawlins...amazing how Uber opens up the city beyond the French and Garden districts...anyways be adventurous with your selections here...they clearly put a lot of forethought, precision and care into the preparations. We had beef heart skewers perfectly delicate, not chewy at all and seared to perfection. The chicken liver mouse was equally amazing with a touch of honey and tons of butter!  The Cigarettes and Coffee cocktail was smooth and expertly balanced with Japanese whiskey and aromatic bitters. Awesome!I went here for my graduation lunch after reading so many rave reviews. I had a party of 12 and it was definitely too many people for this small of a place. Definitely not a great place to have a big party, the food took a long time to come out and the appetizers were very small to share for a large crowd. However, the food was amazing. The crab claws were delicious! People also loved the fried fish sandwich, the fried chicken sandwich and the filet. 
I will definitely come back but just with one or two others!Awesome.
The meatery board is spot on.  All meats smoked and cured in house, house made sausage, the pickled vegetables were made in house, everything thing down to the Creole mustard was made in house.
I could talk about the pastrami for two weeks 
The Rillons may be the greatest thing ever done with pork belly.
The hog head cheese is one of the best.  
The only disappointment was the boudin ball, which was good, but I was anticipating better.
Seafood Couvillion was good but there were probably better options, I just couldn't get past the crab fat rice.  
Dessert chef has always got something good going on.  This trip was goat cheese panna cota.Well it would have been nice to review it but my husband and I went Saturday at around 7:30 and turned away because we didn't have reservations. There were at least 3 empty tables and understand  when it is packed and people are waiting but no one was waiting. Good thing though cause went to tony angello's for the first time with no reservations and it was amazing!! We just moved back from Houston after 26 years and have never been turned down. What has happened to New Orleans hospitality? Find a table but don't turn people away!! Won't be going back and we love to eat so lost money there.We sat at the bar with Pai. She knew the specials like she had studied hard. They had vegan options, even at a meatery. Wonderful!!!!Best burger I've ever eaten! Decently priced and service at lunch was great. Boudin balls were yummy too!I've been here at least half a dozen times. Always delicious! Friendly staff, accommodating, and the food speaks for itself! I ate light today but I typically chow down on the cheese and meat boards. I could live on pork belly alone (especially the candied pork belly), but, just because I can... 
This is, however,  the first time I sit out doors. They are dog friendly. Service is as good as it is inside, and it's been a nice, peaceful escape - before I get started on my own busy day. Lots of free parking or, if you're coming from downtown, hop on the red streetcar line going toward the museum and you'll get dropped off right in front.It's very high priced fancy food and if you have the time to sit and have the time to make a reservation and have the time to deal with all the explanations of the food then go there personally we had the pair a rogel a salad and that's about all we could takeWarning this review is not intended for children, vegans, vegetarians, or PETA people as animals were definitely harmed in the making of this review.
Well I really love meat but I just didn't love the food here even though I really wanted to.  I got the lamb neck which is exactly that... the entire neck of a lamb between where it's cute little snugly head was to its wooly soft body.  This is a really large portion of meat but it just isn't a very good quality of meat from this anatomical area of the aforementioned and formerly cute and cuddly lamb.  The neck is simply served over a large portion of black-eyed peas with some random pieces of corn, pig fat, and pickled peppers thrown in.  The menu also said this dish came with a mint chow chow and I never tasted anything with mint in it or saw anything that looked like a chow chow.  Picking off the meat around the vertebra might even freak some folks out but I felt like a lion tearing into its prey except I found the meat to be similar in texture to pot roast or lamb shank but a lot less flavorful.  The entire "dish" of the lamb neck and black-eyed peas really had no other flavor but saltiness.  I think this portion of meat would probably work better being cooked down into a stew of some type and the dish as a whole just really didn't work for me.  I've never eaten the neck of anything in its entirety other than a turkey neck (and turkey neck I've only used when cooking down some greens) and now I know why as it just isn't a very tender meat location on its own and needs to be cooked down into a stew or ragut of some type.  
The real kicker is that my lunch with just the lamb neck entree and an iced tea ended up costing $30 with tip.  It was a huge portion but the going rate for lamb necks is somewhere around $6-$8 a pound, as it is a much cheaper cut of meat than about anything else on a lamb, so there is quite a markup.  For the price I paid I would have expected at least some turnip greens or another side other than just a big bed of peas but even if that were added this meal just wasn't worth the price and I can get much higher quality cuts of lamb (like chops) for a cheaper price at many other NOLA places.  Honestly I could have used the same ingredients and easily created a much better tasting dish (at least to my palate).  
Hummm... well maybe some of the other things on the menu are better but I would never order this ho-hum-blah-boring lamb neck dish ever again.  Poor cute lambkins the mean ole butcher chopped off your head and sacrificed your sweet little wooly cuteness for such a sad dish.  Poor little bahh bahh I sure wish I could have eaten your yummy leg or shank instead of your rough ole neck.  Your neck would make a lovely cheap stew though I'm quite sure.Meat!  Every kind!  Service spectacular!  Great restaurant. 
Full plates were really big portions.  Small plates more my size!  Best thing I had; the crab balls. So 5 star!  Dirty rice was very good too, so was foie gras.  I got the lamb neck with black eyed pea's but I'm not big on bbq flavor (which was in the peas) and the lamb neck was more like a slow cooked crock pot kinda thing and I'm not usually a fan, but it was very moist, falling off bone and tasty.  Just think I ordered wrong.   My man ordered a double cut pork chop, that thing was HUGE!  He liked it, but couldn't finish it all, and he can eat a lot, ha.  Really liked my overall experience.  WIll go back.Went there for the first time recently and I was very upset. Upset that I didn't go sooner. The couvillon with crab fat rice was one of the best things I have had since my Grammy died! Kudos to you Toups. I will be back.Watched Chef Isaac on Top Chef and cheered him on - he and his staff (especially the bartender who served us) set new standards for fun, fine food & drinks. Will return when we are back in NOLA.
We loved the sausage of the day, the boudin balls, and the BBQ goat. The desert was a cake of 7 layers with pudding. Heaven!I recently dined here midweek with my husband. We had reservations (I'm not sure they were necessary) and were seated immediately. We started with the Meatery Board, which was divine! It had a boudin ball, sausage, rillons (glazed pork belly), terrine, hog head cheese, chicken liver mousse, sliced cured ham, as well as accoutrements to go with each. It was a TON of food! This easily could have been an entire meal in and of itself! As we were delightfully stuffing our faces, they also brought out some hot, fresh cracklins! Though everything was delicious, between the rillions and the cracklins, I was in heaven! Next came the main course. I had a cooked-to-perfection Waygu steak with a garlic mash potato puree that made my mouth oh so happy! My husband had the double cut porkchop with dirty rice and a cane syrup gastrique. To begin with, the pork chop was enormous, easily 3 inches thick! And it tasted as good as it looked. My husband is a chef at prominent French Quarter restaurant and upon eating it, sadly declared that his restaurant no longer had the best pork chop! Quite a compliment coming from him! All in all this was a fabulous experience and we will definitely be putting it in our regular rotation of restaurants! A carnavarian's dream!!!!Menu looked good and high end. Just not what we wanted. Only had a salad and cocktails. Menu is limited but quality. We decided to eat across the street at Blue Ox BBQ which was best bbq I've ever had. Better than anything in Texas.Unique, neighborhood eatery.  If we lived in NOLA, it would definitely be a regular stop for us.  Food was fresh and delicious. Service was great.  The lamb neck was memorable.Forget Arby's, Toups has the meats! I could have died happy with just the cracklin's, but I'm glad I didn't. I wouldn't have gotten to sample the Gulf Seafood Couvillion. Can you say, "crab fat rice?" I knew that you could.
Even if you're staying in the French Quarter, this is worth a streetcar ride. Heck, you should be riding the streetcar anyway! It's on the line going to City Park, so you can stroll around and walk off all those fried rabbit livers!I hate being the jerk who writes the first non-five star review but I am sure this will bump up to four and possibly even five. I'll just have to keep going back to make sure my ratings are accurate.
Anyway, the space is really nice and I like that there is outside seating. The staff is very friendly, although it is my preference that everyone working doesn't come by to ask how the food is. It's kind of overwhelming, especially if you don't like something. 
I don't remember being very interested in their cocktail menu and I thought the wine by the glass selection was very small and a bit overpriced. 
On to the food. We started with the meatery plate,of course! This was really good. I liked the cracklins a lot, crunchy but not dried out. The housemade garlic sausage was delicious as was the delicate, subtle rabbit pate. My husband really liked the hogshead cheese, it was not as congealed as it usually is, more of a spread. Weirdly, I didn't love the rillons and I thought they would knock me out. Those are candied pieces of pork belly, if you didn't know and I certainly did not.  Cooked too long maybe, they lost their lusciousness.  
My husband got the chicken confit and I didn't taste that. But I did sample the mustard greens and white beans underneath and they were fantastic. My sliders, however, sucked.  All three of them. I like fat but the lamb belly was a huge chunk of fat with really off-putting St. Patrick's Day green, overly sweet mint jelly.  The crab cake was everything you hate about crappy crab cakes; mostly breading, cheap, stringy crab meat, fried-too-hard exterior.  I think the last one was just the rabbit pate on a bun but by that point, I was over it. The brioche buns they were served on looked promising but they were stale. 
We didn't try the desserts but they had some appealing options. We'll be back but I can definitely cross the sliders off my list.