One of the best places in New Orleans. When I first moved here this was one of the first places I ate at. The food is great the people who work here are awesome and trivia is super awesome on Tuesdays.Stopped in for dinner cuuuuuuz we were too lazy to cook.  It had been a crazy week, so of course we hit the bar for vodka and tequila while we waited for our food.
You order at the back where a counter is all that separates you from the kitchen.  The staff was real laid back and friendly - nothing pretentious about the place.  We ordered a fried shrimp plate and a roast beef po boy, and got our fries with cheese and gravy.
It's a great open space with exposed brick and super high ceilings, a bar outfitted with several TVs, and plenty of tables inside and out.  Our food came out pretty quick, which meant the shrimp and fries were fresh out of the fryer, piping hot.  They were definitely done right.  We got the gravy on the side and dipped the cheese fries in it and oh my goodness!  That gravy really made even plain fries soo good.  I even dipped my taste of the po boy in it.  The po boy was good as it was, but I think I would actually like some provolone or swiss on it next time, and definitely extra gravy for dipping!
Overall, it was a pretty good meal.  They get that fourth star here because of how well everything was done and, in case you haven't caught on yet, the gravy.  We bussed our table ('cause that's what you do here) and left the cast of characters at the bar to carry on with their light n lively conversations.Great food! Good drinks ! friendly staff ! In our experience   
We got so much food for what we paid. The po boys and wings were absolutely delicious!Love this place! Full of locals looking to wind down from a hard days work and to have a good time. Everybody is super nice and will talk with you about anything. 
This is also a place for local college kids to hang out, so at times it could be more party and rowdy. But to me, that adds to the experience. 
If the Saints are playing, be prepared to be swarmed with fans. Everybody is out with their jerseys on and ready to shout dem Saints to victory. 
The bar also serves food and has one of the best shrimp po-boys I have ever had. If you are new or a long time resident of New Orleans, I recommend checking out Tracey'sWe asked a cab driver to take us somewhere local with good food and he dropped us here. I had the BBQ Beef Po'Boy and hubby had shrimp. We also split the gravy fries (OMG - to die for!) and fried pickles. Fun, upbeat environment and the food was delicious!! I would definitely go back - especially for St. Paddy's since of all things, this was an Irish Pub!Total neighborhood scene - good food in fun, shabby setting.  Uber casual.  Cameos of drunk dudes at bar, greasy chef, and locals wandering in and out. Cool music. Roast Beef po-boy - wet and good - would have been better if they remembered the Swiss cheese I ordered on it.  Bonus points for having Crystal Hot Sauce available ... I'm all for the dive'ish ambiance but the bathrooms were beyond filthy for a Sunday early evening.I inevitably end up at Tracey's every time I'm in New Orleans-- usually more than once.
The po'boys are decent, the man behind the counter-- terrifying. The bartenders are incredibly friendly, and the drinks are cheap.This is NOT an Irish pub. It's a bar with a bunch of green crap thrown on the walls. If painted clovers makes an Irish pub then you really need to raise your standards. 
On the plus side there was a lot of seating.
Sadly, the music is awful, the bar tender was rude to my dad but nice to me. WTH?!?! Dad asked what beers they have on tap, a fair question as they have the taps spread out in multiple spots along the bar. The response was a grumble and a point. Nice to see they got that NOLA rude thing down pat. 
We ordered food and it was typical greasy bar food. They gave us containers of cocktail sauce that had gelled together in a clump. I tried to break it up with my plastic fork but got grossed out and didn't eat it. If you like that then this place is great but don't be fooled into thinking this is one of NOLA's food treasures. Nothing to see here. Keep moving.
P.S. It is full of locals but it's in a prissy white neighborhood and the locals are a bunch barneys. Won't be back and won't be sending anyone down there.As a health freak I leaned towards the salad option. I didn't have a high expectation at all since we were at a bar but it turned out actually pretty tasty! I got the Greek salad with grilled chicken and the Greek chicken was super flavorful and cooked perfectly. If you're trying to be healthy at Tracey's I definitely recommend it!I wish I could give zero stars. They were out of numerous foods (shrimp, fried pickles, boudin balls, roast beef & much more).  A 40 min wait for sandwiches.  And the staff was not willing to be helpful in the least.  The attitude from the girl at the counter when asked for the 2nd time if she could clean our nasty table was abhorrent. She said "there's only one of me" in such a distasteful manner.  I would never come here again for anything.  Never.The food was fair the atmosphere was great.  By 1pm on a weekday the place was packed.  It was nice ypu did not have to wait on a server. Order and pay at the window.  Pick up your food and bus your own table.Great place, local crowd and some of the best po'boys around. You really can't beat it.Got here at 9:45. Didn't realize they'd cut us off from ordering at 9:55.  Very disappointed. They're still making orders; just won't take ours.  Bad PR. Never turn down a customer under those circumstancesThe gravy cheese fries are heavenly. I have had some poor service when it was really crowded but it was years ago. Every time I have gone after that it has been fine. Really good shrimp poboy and of course the roast beef.Had the roast beef poboy. It was very good... Definitely need lots of napkins. It's nice when all the doors are open and you can take in all the sights.I am ashamed to say that I feel this place deserves a five star rating.  At least four.five.  Everything was tasty and the staff was ultra helpful.  However, me and my kids were so hungry, shoe leather would have tasted good. The table was not clean and the server did seem to have some kind of attention deficit disorder.  Besides that, fast fair and tastyThis place appears to be a cool little neighborhood pub. However, the bar service is abysmal. Easily the worst service I have encountered in New Orleans. I honestly don't understand why, in a city with as much bartender talent as New Orleans, they would continue to employ these wankers (Shannon?). The food looked ok, but after the bar service there was no way I was going to order any. In any event, I'm just going to Parasols or the NOLA Brewery from now on.What kind of monster serves a muffaletta with no Olive salad on it? Tracey's. I have been craving a muffaletta all day and after the power went out at Cooter Brown's we came here instead. So disappointing, and such a disgrace to the muffaletta lovers of nola. Also the meat was extremely greasy. Even after I blotted as much of the grease off as I could. Definitely not worth $12.I'm not usually a fan of Irish sports-oriented college bars but I was so happy to come across a crawfish boil on the sidewalk which they apparently have every Thursday from 2pm on (in season I would assume.) You can get a giant tray-sized plate of freshly boiled salty-spicy crawfish with a smattering of sausage, potato, onion, and corn for $10, just what I was looking for. Otherwise, it seemed like a fun albeit typical bar - high ceilings framing a number of TV's dialed into different sports stations, happy hour priced drinks, a friendly enough bartender, and a neighborly vibe.Food was good. Atmosphere not so much. The older male cashier appeared to be annoyed to be communicating with us. It was a very uncomfortable interaction. There are better dining experiences out there. Maybe get your sandwich to go lol.My husband had read a lot about the Parasol's vs. Tracey's roast beef po boy rivalry and decided that we needed to test them both out for ourselves. 
We ate lunch at Tracey's one day and Parasol's the next. We got the roast beef po boy at both. My husband and I have literally no idea how this is a "competition". My husband's exact words were "what would have to be wrong with someone's taste buds to eat each of those po boys and think there is any legitimate comparison between them?"
The Tracey's po boy was fine. But that's it. Just fine. The roast beef had pretty good flavor and the bread was a little too hard. The Parasol's po boy makes you wonder why anyone else on the planet bothers trying to make roast beef because they are all doing it wrong. The Parasol's roast beef po boy is an other worldly experience that has you licking the gravy off your fingers and scraping it off the paper. There is just NO. COMPARISON.
We also ordered the boudin balls. They were odd. They had roast beef (or maybe pulled pork) instead of sausage (which I actually didn't mind) but the coating was so salty that I couldn't even eat it. I had to open them up and just eat the filling. And they served it with the most horrific brown seed mustard... it was not edible. We both thought they needed a remoulade sauce.
My husband and I come to New Orleans every 1-2 years to eat as much delicious food as possible in a short period of time. We are disappointed that we wasted a meal on Tracey's. We had discovered Parasol's a few years ago and knew right away that it was special, but now we know not to waste our time with any of their rivals in the future. (We also got the roast beef po boy at Mohony's a few years ago and it was downright bad.)Laziest service and mediocre food. Bar smelled like pee and the tables were filthy. You have to go to one spot to order the food, another for drinks and there's a dirty cooler up front if you want to pour yourself water. Bus your own table. Expensive for the low quality food and filthy atmosphere. Everyone who works there clearly does the bare minimum. Won't be back.After two days of disappointing meals near Bourbon street, and a lot of drinking, my friends and I ventured over to Tracey's based on rave Yelp reviews. Best decision ever! The roast beef po boy is out of this world! Gravy on a sandwich?? Genius. We also ordered the boudin balls and fried okra, both which were delightfully tasty. The sandwich is big enough to split for those who aren't huge eaters. Delicious hangover food... We will be back on our next visit to NOLA for sure! Yum!I come here for the sports, but always leave once the game is over. Tracey's is not as much an "Irish pub" as it is a local sports bar. Still, though, they always have a medley of sports playing including every NFL game on Sundays.
The food is good and prepared quickly. 
The cons:
I think this bar lacks a certain charm that most NOLA spots have. The alcohol selection isn't very extensive and the staff tends to be a bit curt. 
Also - and this may seems silly - my team always loses when we watch at Tracey's. Seriously, I'm 0-4 at Tracey's. Bad juju, I guess.We met some people here while we were on a trip from Ohio State. The whole environment is the type of place I would be in to had I not been with people from school. (Not allowed to drink)
Ordering the food is done in the back, and it takes awhile for it to come out, but portions were pretty size-able and the price was cheap! I recommend the roast beef po'boy! The chicken tenders are monstrous. You could split them between 2 or 3 depending on appetite.Good local bar. 
Great staff, as long as you play by the rules (I've never had trouble, but I've seen them have to roust people. They don't mess around!). They've been willing to put on a specific non-local game for us (go Giants! go Raiders! go Sharks!), but we've made sure iit hasn't been a big sports day (like playoffs or Derby Day, etc.) and we've asked nicely. 
Try the fried pickles.Today, Thursday the 2 April..... They have the worlds WORST bartender working. She pays more attention to pictures and videos on people's phones then the patrons. I wait 20 minutes for a beer, and the place was not busy at all.So this was a pleasant surprise,  I love the mimosa and they also cook!  The fried fish is nuggets as opposed to large filets and I like that because it makes it easy to share with others.  They also had the largest oysters I've seen in a while! The bartender was a bit overwhelmed and it was extremely hot inside!  If they'd crank tnt a/c up i would've given 4 stars. But I'd definitely stop in again.So happy to be able to update my review. About six months ago I had a bad experience at Tracey's and it hurt my soul because they have always been so good. I went back with friends to see a soccer match and let me say that the last time was a fluke. We had great service and a great time. Tracey's is without a doubt the best roast beef po boy in the city, which means it's the best in the world. So glad to go back. Thanks for a great meal and a great place to watch soccer, I'm really sorry for that one bad review. If you read my last review please ignore it, everyone is entitled to an off day.I had really high hopes for this place. I've heard great things, and I really wanted to go.  I ordered the Reuben....absolutely terrible! the meat was garbage and the sandwich came out cold!
 There was 10 people in the restaurant area, and everybody is getting basic food, how does take 45 minutes for you to serve 2 sandwiches and some wings? my friend ordered a surf and turf po boy...his was cold too and not very flavorful. my sandwich came with potato salad, it could have been good if it wasn't spicy. Potato salad isn't spicy guys, no matter where you live.Came here to wait for a cab so the guy could find us.  Decided to order a drink so as to not simply be a pig about using the place as a place where a cab can pick us up.  This place is wide open and large, looks like it'd be a really super fun place to watch some football, maybe an LSU or Saints game would be an outright riot here I'll bet.  Despite the open nature of the place the A/C works really well to keep it from being all that hot and they have a bunch of fans which help circulate the air to keep you cool.
The staff isn't particularly friendly and the food didn't look all that particularly good but it's a sports bar pretty much and that's all extras to the amount of tvs, the sound system (which seemed good) and the sort of gravitas the place can bring to a sports event and this place looks to have it in spades.  I'm not sure I'd visit here just out of the blue, nothing looked particularly attractive or special to invite that, but it does seem to be pretty good for a game or some wings if you're in the area.Good food. Casual and friendly. Prices are reasonable. Order your food one place and pay and then order your drink at the next. Great neighborhood feel.I had heard good things about Tracey's, so I brought some out of town guests there the other night. The bartenders were incredibly rude to my friends, ignoring them for 15 minutes (the place was not crowded). I live in this neighborhood, wish there was a less stuck up bar than Tracey's, we'll just bring our business to parasols.This place is DISGUSTING!  We had visiting relatives--who are very familiar w NO food.  Since they were eating at nice places for dinners they asked for po-boys and beer.  We decided lower Garden District --should have at least gone around the corner to Parasols or sucked the wait at Domilise's.
Got there not crowded at all.  I wanted the Reuben on Rye.  No Rye, and what they passed off as pastrami looked liked sliced ham. It was AWFUL..  If I wanted French Bread I would have ordered an FNG poboy! When my husband tried to get me an ice tea--NO ICE TEA!!  WTF you don't have Ice tea?
After placing our order of 2 sandwiches--our relatives had already ordered--they got their sandwiches in about 15 mins.  After 30 mins still no call for ours--Husband goes to find out what's going and the response is "oh your order slipped thru the cracks".  Finally get our sandwiches and mine is almost cold consisting of mainly congealed cheese with some generic-looking ham and plain sauerkraut buried beneath the congealed mess.  I picked at it but it was so bad I left most behind.  Same with Husband's sandwich--he made the mistake of ordering corn beef. Came home SICK.   Our relatives ordered fried oysters and they only ate about 1/4 of theirs.  THIS PLACE SUCKS.Fun bar but a lot of the food is garbage. Roast beef po-boy is overrated. Fried shrimp isn't all that great either. Much better po-boys at several other places in the city.Tracey's is a special kind of place. The food is exceptional and I personally would put their Roast Beef Poboy against any other in the city!! Erica the bartender is very friendly and knows how to make a perfect cocktail or pour a Guinness just right! Check out Live Trivia on Tuesday nights at 7:30... it's a lot of fun and you can win free food and drink!I was leaning towards one star, but they were fast at the bar, which is a rare quality now. But,  ugh. The roof was leaking.. it was so hot inside. It was dirty. The fried chicken was good, if you dipped it in something. Like the chicken, the jambalaya lacked any flavor or seasonings.. maybe it washed away because of the ceiling leaking on our food. By the way, if you're calling yourself an Irish bar, why are you selling jambalaya? Stick with your theme. The drinks ? They were sooo weak. They were so skimpy on the liquor. If you order a mixed drink it will be difficult to detect the alcohol. If you get something like a shot or scotch on the rocks, it won't be filled. This was really a mess of a place. I would never go there again. I wouldn't have walked in there for that matter, except that I was meeting people there.This place was pretty close to where we stayed on Magazine St.  I had heard good things about their Po' Boys, but we actually ate Oysters here.  The Oyster man was a great salesman, and his oysters were super fresh and tasty.  Friendly bartenders and good beer on tap.  This is a casual place, and one thing that can be confusing is that there is no table service, so you have to order drinks from the bar, food from the kitchen and oysters from the oyster bar.  But once you get the hang of it, it's a comfortable place.I was only here because of my social ride group and ordered a couple of beers and to my dismay when I went to pay my tab the bartender had included drinks that I did not order and argued with me that I did. I am never ordering anything from this place again. Only going to Parasols for food and drinks from now on.Love their poboys and they have great meat pies!! Fyi this is not a sit down kind of place. You go place your order at the counter and you also have to clear your own table when you're finished. Great place for lunch!!"Tracey's" is one of our neighborhood favorites, a place we go  several times each week.
But there are problems.  Some really BIG problems.
Complaints about inattentive bartenders are well founded.  Many part-timers are also regulars, and would rather chat with their buds than do their jobs serving drinks.
The music lately has been ultra-loud hard rock.  Continuously.  This being New Orleans, we'd love to hear some Jazz, Swamp-Pop, Blues, Mardi Gras Tunes, Zydeco, Fats Domino, or C&W.  Even some Harry Connick, Jr. would be appreciated.
There is no central "tab".  One must have a bar tab, a food tab, an oyster tab, & a crawfish tab.  All at the same time, each paid at a different location.
The menu is complex, but there are excellent roast beef po-boys and catfish "bites" plates.  CB's are passable.  Hot sausage sandwiches are standard N.O.  Rubens are really good.  Shrimp platters use small but plentiful shrimp.  Ditto shrimp po-boys.  Oysters are OK.  Crawfish are too small, severely over-cooked, and too expensive.
The owner, "Jeff" Carrerra, is a really nice neighborhood small businessman.  He & his wife are popular in the 'hood.
We wouldn't quit going to Tracey's, but surely would like to see improvements, as indicated above.
RickWe stopped in for a quick bite, a couple roast beef poboys. We place the order, pay and are given one of those buzzers that let us know when the food is ready. 45 minutes later, I was thinking I should take the gadget apart to see if it had batteries. Ah, but then I see that the manager is coming our way bearing food. He walks past us and delivers food to the guys that had been behind us in line. 
Surprisingly, they had also ordered roast beef poboys!...must have been the special "early bird" roast beef poboys. A few of the NOPD's finest were having a leisurely lunch and also seemed to be getting the gold glove treatment.
Another 10 minutes comes & goes and finally the buzzer goes off. It was as if I had been woken up by my alarm clock: a jarring & unexpected interruption. The fellow at the counter asks if we had ordered what we had ordered (rather than apologizing profusely for what he had to know was an absurdly long wait). 
...I was tempted to tell him I had forgotten, since it was so long before. Frankly, I wouldn't have been surprised if they had raised prices in the interim and expected more money from us.
Turning to the food: a roast beef poboy will be messy and of course must be consumed within minutes of construction and NEVER taken to go. However, this poboy was structurally unsound, with the contents listing to one side before falling onto the plate and table. This problem was further exacerbated by the counter clerk stacking the second sandwich on top of mine, turning an already shaken construction into the realm of flat out danger. Honestly, it probably should have been condemned & demolished before the closing. 
...Ok, a poorly constructed sandwich is not devastating in and of itself. But after waiting the better part of an hour for a simple sandwich, it damned well better be the freakin' Taj Mahal of sandwiches, not some slapped together farce. For the most part I ate the roast beef off the plate/table with a fork, as an accompaniment to my (now) bread sandwich.
It tasted pretty decent. I'd give them another chance, but only if I become a cop, sleep with the owner or enter retirement. Do NOT confuse Tracey's with fast food.Stopped in here on a Saturday night with a group of friends for a couple drinks during a Magazine St bar crawl. I'd have to say this was one of the more lively and crowded (not meant in a bad way) bars out of all the ones we went to. Pool tables are pretty much the focal point of the place other than the more than sufficiently stocked bar which resides along the opposite wall. Everyone here seemed to be having a great time and it was a really fun mix of people from all over the place.Not sure of the girl's name but the bartender with the arm tattoo COMPLETELY ignored us. We weren't her friends or regulars I guess so we weren't even worth asking to leave since she obviously had a problem with us being there. I'm bummed out and sad, I'd heard this was a famous place. Guess I wasn't the kind of person they like to have. Whatever. Their Abita was half-skunked anyway.The same owners as the old Parasols.
HUGE place, delicious food and awesome atmosphere.  Great place to go see a game, because they have a huge projector screen.  I have only been twice, but both times I got a wonderful roast beef po boy.  You can even eat outside! 
One star knocked off for not taking credit cards (although, I get why they don't...one less thing to worry about.).
I will definitely be going back!One of the best places in town to watch football. What I love about this place is the variety of fans who call this place home on Saturdays and Sundays. This bar has a strong following of Saints and LSU fans but also offers fans from all over the country a place to sit and watch games. Their bartenders Shannon and Bob are two of the best in town. Their drinks are reasonably priced and the food menu can accommodate most anyone. Before moving I spent every Sunday here watching football. Jeff the owner would sometimes open the doors up early so I could get in and claim the beat seats. I love this bar and will miss is dearly.Today we waited more than an hour for our small order, which never came - they are seriously understaffed and badly organized. The whole place is shabby and very dirty, especially the ladies toilet. After being given a refund we left to eat elsewhere - very disappointing.We stopped in one afternoon after walking around the garden district with plans for a quick beer and needed up staying for hours. It was such a laid back atmosphere, no one pushed us to order, we ended up with oysters and crawfish. They were both so fresh and tasty and exceeded any expectation.Get the gravy and cheese smothered fries, roast beef poboy and just about anything on the menu, they are cash only but they do have an atm. Also love the huge serve yourself water dispenser by the door so you don't have to wait for the bartender. Lots of tvs and lots of cold beer.Don't get it. Lots of good reviews here; wasn't the place we visited. Got a table, realized we had to get our own drinks at the bar. Uh, okay. Then realized, we have to get our own food. Um... okay. Ordered the food (1 po'boy). Sat. Waited. Waited. Waited. At 50 minute mark, food was ready, which we had to pickup. Sandwich was fine, same as any po'boy in town, but seriously - nearly an hour?? Went to the restroom at one point - looked like it hadn't been cleaned since 1963. This is 2pm, mind you, not 2 am. Finish the sandwich, read a sign that says, we must bus our own tables. Great. And the garbage is overflowing. And I noticed a tip jar. Considered counting something out for myself. What a joke. In the town of 1000 bars, I'll be elsewhere, thanks. I've had better service drinking in my backyard, because sometimes the raccoons take the garbage away.Kind of fun atmosphere, but it was challenging to get a drink at the bar. However the women's bathroom was absolutely disgusting.Stopped by Tracy's at the recommendation of the owner of The Green House Inn BnB.  We asked him for a lunch recommendation for Po-boys and such.  We were not in a hurry and it turned out to be a good thing.  Tracy's has the slowest sandwich counter service I have ever encountered.  We were not in a hurry but we were hungry.  We ordered two po-boys and two sides and it took nearly an hour to get them.  We checked several times at the counter and got the usual it'll be out soon answer.  It was not just us either as it was easy to see several other guests getting agitated by the wait.  The lunch business was steady but they were not extremely crowded.  Seems their kitchen operation needs some improvements.  The Philly Steak po-boy was not great.  The flavor was average, and was drowned out by the extremely spicey pepper mixture on the po-boy.  The use of this spicey addition should be noted on the menu.  Also if you are sensitive to cigarette smoke this may not be your place.  It's large and open and the smoke from the pool table area and bar drifts.
On the brighter side, you can eat yourself in to a food coma for $15 in this place.  Two of us ordered sandwiches and sides, but we could have split a sandwich and a side.  The Catfish Po-Boy was yummy.  Fried okra was crisp, well seasoned and hot served with a side of ranch.  The cheese fries with gravy was a pleasent suprise.  The gravy is bland, but that was perfect for us - it just worked. The decor is sports bar with a New Orleans twist.  The exterior is gorgeous New Orleans architecture and the parasols on the ceiling are a nice touch.  Lots of TVs all of them showing sporting events.
Overall, if you come prepared to wait and want generous portions, this could be the place for you, but I don't think we'll be headed back.They finally accept credit cards but the original Parasols is good but not as good as it's still standing neighbors down the street. At the current Parasols the bread is bigger and toasted with garlic herb seasoning which puts it ahead of Tracey's. Tracey's was good but not as good as around the corner as far as the roast beef is concerned. If I come here again I will try one of the other sandwiches that look great. It is though a great place to hang out and watch a game so on that and decent food it get 4 stars. An update will be made at my next time passing through.The space is large and breezy and we easily snagged an outside table.  If they weren't doing construction on Magazine, I bet this would be a great spot for people-watching.  We got a shrimp po-boy, an oyster po-boy and fries with cheese and gravy.  It was perfectly edible but I probably won't be back.  The shrimp were small, the po-poys were pricier than most of my usual haunts and the gravy I think was just "meat-flavored.:  There was no actual meat or debris in it.  I agree with Lindsay, no problem throwing out my own trash but the tables were pretty nasty and sticky.once upon a time, there was an irish restaurant/bar called parasol's and it had the kick-assingest roast beef po boys on the planet.  forget "fork tender" - you only had to look at the meat sideways and it would fall apart.  it was a tiny, grungy place, filled with regulars who would rather you not be there at all, but that was part of its charm.
then, one day, a floridian bought the building that housed parasol's to please his nola-born wife, forced the folks leasing the bar/restaurant space out, and opened his own restaurant/bar, but kept the old name.  tracey's is where the refugee parasol's was displaced to.  and since i don't appreciate shell games, that's where i went, too.
i still have access to my favorite roast beef po boy, so i'm happy.  the place is bigger than parasol's, so i don't get stuck sitting in the back room on a rickety chair next to a pile of boxes, so i'm happy.  the bar is longer, so the twelve barflies that planted their elbows on the rail around noontime yesterday don't eye fuck me when i try to order a drink, so i'm happy.  there are plenty of tvs to watch the game, so i'm happy.  there's also a bunch of stupid-ass college students and cigar smokers.
can't have everything.This place isn't really me I guess.  I didn't love it.  I ordered an old fashioned and the bartender told me that they don't do much fancy stuff like that.  It's a standard, simple cocktail.  Pretty much bar 101.  Not complicated and doesn't require a shrub or something fancy.  
The doors were all open and people are smoking outside and the smoke just comes right in.  You might as well just allow smoking inside because it's really just the same to me.  I was having some dinner and didn't really appreciate it very much.
We had the seafood platter with fish, shrimp and oysters.  We scored the last order of red beans and rice too.  The fried food was good.  The catfish was nice and the oysters were a good size.  Nothing special but solid.  The salad that came with was muffuletta giardinera dressed.  Interesting.  The red beans were similarly just ok.  
It looks like a good place to watch the Saints which is why I showed up but ended up leaving before the game started to watch it at home.Found Tracey's while wandering the Garden District on foot.  It was a hot June afternoon and we were in need of refreshment.  The doors were open, oysters were being shucked, picnic tables on the sidewalk, and an Irish wake taking place inside.  
The bartenders were fantastic and kept the drinks coming in spite of the crowds.  
Food is ordered through a window at the back of the restaurant.  The menu, posted on a chalkboard next to the window, is bar food.  The meat pies were pretty good but the cheese fries with gravy were nothing to get excited about.  Frozen fries with bland but salty gravy.  
We will be back.  It is a great, casual neighborhood bar.Worst place ever. Ordered poboys, waited an hour, and they lost the order. When we went to ask about it, they couldn't find it. I told them we were unhappy about it and the cashier made 'shooing' motions with his hands as if inviting us to leave. We did and will never come back and tell others how awful they are.I came here to watch the fight with some friends because they wanted a place to watch it that had cheap drinks and some food. My friend got the fried pickles and fries, fries were good but the fried pickles were wayyyy to salty for how fried pickles should be! As for the drinks the bar tenders were nice, despite being crowded it didn't take too long for them to take my order every time I approached the bar. The drinks were $5 which wasn't too bad and fairly strong for a vodka tonic - no harm in that. 
As for the game - it was annoying that they weren't playing the sound for it for the longest while. It wasn't until that last two groups that went that they finally started playing the sound that matched what we were watching. 
All in all if you're looking for a place to get a couple of drinks to kick back and relax a bit before hitting the town for some more fun this is your place.Sorry but this place is disgusting. We ordered poboys and fries which took over an hour to get. While waiting we saw a rat crawling around. Yeah all the doors are open to the sidewalk but it's not something you really want to see before eating. The shrimp poboy had like 8 shrimp on it. I couldn't even eat the roast beef. Bartender wouldn't make a margarita for me. The bar looked fully stocked for a drink like that. Overall staff was rude and slow moving. It wasn't busy either. I will not be back.Dirty. Sticky table. Stale bread. Overpriced food for the quality. No chicken. Had to pay extra for fries. Would not recommend to my worst enemy.Tracey's served me the greatest po'boy I had in all of New Orleans. The server was very helpful, and informed my group that we were ordering far too much food as portion sizes are large and that we should reconsider... boy was he right! 
I had the fried chicken po'boy with brown gravy and sweet fries. Tracey's does it right... everyone at my table ate til they were stuffed, and everyone left very happy and very full.This place is a great space with lots of seating, many large double doors that are frequently open to the outside air, and it's in a great location.
But... The place can be really smokey, they don't have the greatest alcohol selection, and the food is a little expensive for just being "eh"... I will say that the food seems to be improving... though there is a lot of room for improvement.  
I will definitely be upgrading my rating if by law or the choice of the owner they chose to go smoke free, and if they get a little more creative in the kitchen.So thanks to a sweltering weekday that made me not want to even think about cooking and a living social coupon, dinner was provided by Tracey's the other night. I had wanted to taste the famous roast beef po'boy for myself and a coupon seemed an ideal way to experience it. We went early on a weeknight, so the place was pretty vacant with the exception of some bar flies. We ordered our food from the kitchen, there was no hassle about the coupon and I even had $4 left to spend at the bar. Hooray! I went over to the bar to order my drink, and although the bartender was not the most diligent when it came to service, everyone was friendly yet sarcastic which was a bonus for me. We waited at a booth for our food to arrive and it showed up not long after taking our seats. My roast beef po'boy was pretty yum, although I still like the horseradish mayo one I get from the Grocery better. The bread was excellent though as it stood up to the challenge of the roast beef and refused to fall apart. My friend had a shrimp po'boy and we had some cheese fries with gravy on the side. The golden brown shrimp hot out of the fryer taunted me. The gravy was pretty good, and I think that if I had the roast beef and gravy with cheese on the fries that would make a heck of a meal (and perhaps heart attack). 
Overall it was a good meal, especially since I had a coupon. I wouldn't make Tracey's a habit, but I can see stopping in to watch a game and grab a po'boy. I know that it gets crowded on the weekends, so to experience the food I would suggest a weeknight. The po'boys are a little pricey, but the sandwich was a good size. My biggest bump to Tracey's would be the "bus your own table" situation. I have no problem with cleaning up after myself, but maybe someone could just wipe down the tables every few hours? That might limit the amount of gravy that ends up on my shirt. Oh sorry, that was from me.I'll admit its been a few years since I have visited, but I give this place one star for food. The ambience and amount of tvs is great for game watching, so 4-5 stars for that. I've eaten here twice and I just don't understand how this place makes top poboy lists. I had the boudin balls here and I wanted to gag they were so horrible. Did they even use the basic ingredients which is pork and rice?? It tasted nothing like boudin, the chefs should take a road trip to cajun country to learn whats in boudin or just take it off the menu. The shrimp tasted like frozen shrimp not fresh. I think this place should stick to basic things like fries, cheese sticks or just cut out the kitchen and make that a party room with more tvs catered by a place that can cook.Catfish Poboy good. Shrimp Poboy really fishy. not good. Just Hope it was a bad batch.  Be prepared to wait. 45 min wait after food ordered. Bar great though.  good place to watch sports.Caught in a NOLA deluge walking down Magazine on a Thursday afternoon we took refuge in Tracey's.  I was greeted at the door with a dry t shirt.  How sweet is that?  We decided to make the best of our situation and ordered lunch.  What a stroke of luck---we had a soft shell crab po-boy that was as thick as a chicken breast---it was excellent!  Also thought we'd nosh on a side of Boudin balls (fritters of rice and boudin).  The fritters were huge and a generous 4 to an order---enough for a full meal. Pub grub extraordinaire.   The beer selection was good and the crowd was warm and friendly.  The music was good and there are televisions everywhere!
(My rating is for a bar that serves food not as a primary restaurant)Very disappointed with this experience. Ordered a salad and a crawfish sausage sandwich. It took over an hour to get , with two reminders. Could have understood if it was busy but we were one of four tables of people there to eat. Even when we got them, both orders had something wrong with them. No apologies were offered or to discount our meal.Bathrooms very disgusting. Never plan to go back again. NOLA has so many nice places to eat.I might have caught them on a bad night. Ok, since it was pouring outside and their TVs went out twice during the Saints game during Monday Night Football, I wasn't the only one that eventually left due to this (we missed a touchdown, pretty much end of the world type stuff). The staff used the remote to try to get the TVs working again, but when it has to do with the weather and satellites that's about as effective as pressing the elevator button multiple times.
FOOD/DRINKS: it's all about the Po' Boys really.  I was tempted to try a shrimp one but went w/ a BBQ beef one and am glad I did - took me a long time just to eat half of it!  Beer selection is largely the major domestics.
SERVICE: you order at the food counter and drinks at the bar, then pick up your food when your pager goes off.  This was operated well when it came to the food. They could probably make more money if they went to tables to take additional drink orders. The bartender forgot which beers we ordered 10 seconds after ordering them, then after getting them also mixed up who she gave them to.
LAYOUT: generally it creates a nice group atmosphere to watch games, as TVs are in all directions. If someone is playing pool though it can be sort of difficult to get by and use the restroom.
So, this was my "Who Dat Nation" experience and several people there were even cheering for the visiting team. I would've stayed longer and enjoyed it much more if the game didn't keep going out on the TV!Really good food at affordable prices, but on 4 different occassions I've tried to order something and they didn't have it. It also takes pretty long for the food to come out, and there is not a large variety to choose from in the first place. Very affordable, laid back, good for larger groups.Best PoBoys in the city!!!! Don't follow the tourist herd and go to Mothers for the signature PoBoy sandwich.  Go where the locals go to get their NOLA PoBoy addiction satisfied.  One taste of the catfish PoBoy and you'll be hooked like the fish on your plate!!! 
They only take cash, but they have two ATM's in the place.Good, fast food at a great price. We stopped for a snack and ended up with more than we could handle for under $10. The vibe is laid back and the Barq's is ice cold.For reasons that will remain known only to my father, he insists on calling it Theresa's. He looks forward to hanging out here as much as he does visiting me, I'm certain of it. He places the Bloody Mary as the best he has ever had. It's definitely a place that would appeal to a sports fan, that much is true. The attention and reception from the bartenders is inconsistent and is probably why I don't go there more often personally. I find them friendly enough to go back but not so welcoming as I need to make a point of seeing them. I've enjoyed oysters, cheese fries and the occasional po-boy and would give them a decent rating.Tracey's remains the absolute go-to for amazing kickass New Orleans food, all-things-sports, and the real-deal laid-back New Orleans experience. 
In a town where great food and good times are legend this place reigns King.One of our very friendly Uber drivers recommended Tracy's to us.  We were a little disappointed because they didn't have any crawfish that night, so I ended up getting fried oysters and an Irish Sundae.  I love trying regional specialties when I travel so I enjoyed the potato salad smothered with roast beef drippings and gravy they call "debris" in Nawlins. It was pretty good, but I prefer pulled Roast Beef rather than sliced. Gravy was also a little salty.  The fried oysters were a tad bit salty too.Tracey's is a great dive/sports bar on Magazine St. I come here every Saturday when Nebraska is playing as it's the official watchsite for the Huskers here in Nola. The draft beer is a bit pricy so I keep it cheap 'n classy ($3) with PBR and High Life bottles.  They have an excellent and extensive menu that exceeds typical bar fare and the bartenders have all been pleasant and accommodating.BEWARE... The blonde bartender with all the tattoos is a thief..   This thief changed my total and gave herself an extra tip.... Horrid service because she practically ignored us and couldn't even pull a pint.  Just because we're not regulars doesn't mean we should be ignored.  Anyone who changes your CC total is a thief.  I'll inform my credit card company.  If you waste your time going to Tracey's pay with cash....  THIEFA local told us of this place so we had to try it. Got the roast beef Po boy and it was great. Very tasty and large portion. Meat was tender and juicy. Definitely need to try.Food is average, bar is above average, crowd can get annoying. With that said, if you are a fan of the B1G, this is the place for you on fall Saturdays.Full disclosure, my best friend and his girlfriend work here. That said, I would hang here in a heartbeat. Good strong drinks, funny crowd, and lots of "atmosphere". I really wanted to try the po-boys, but never got a chance. The Boudin balls, on the other hand, were TASTY. Yummy fried balls of dirty rice, pork, and chicken bits. 
Looking forward to my next visit.