This was a break point on our Segway tour. I ordered the strawberry iced tea and it kind of tasted like medicine... :( There is one unisex restroom and the lock is broken; my friend almost opened the door on a guy who was occupying the room!Down the street from our Airbnb in treme. I only ran in for coffee but they had a great patio that I would have loved to hand out on for a bit if I had time.Delicious rich coffee, comfortable seating everywhere, colorful and clean and beautiful. Very kind barista. This is the cozy morning and afternoon chill spot. Yum. The door even has s sense of humor. Not just "Push" but "Push it real good."A local told us about this nice coffee house on our first day in NOLA. It's nice and clean, the guy behind the counter was nice and the iced mocha latte was great. If your looking for great, inexpensive coffee this is the place.Love this place! The staff is super friendly and the food is good. I usually order the vegetarian caprese sandwich w asparagus and strawberries. On a hot day, make sure to check out their icee stand in the back.Great little neighborhood coffee shop. Walked here from my Airbnb on a rainy day. Enjoyed a macchiato and blueberry muffin before heading to the French Quarter. Recommended if you're looking for a cute place to grab coffee or chill out on a rainy day!Such a cute little coffee shop, great vibes. Owners are very nice, efficient, and great people. They have boars head for meat and cheese which is amazing. The seating is minimum but you can push tables together. They even have an ATM. But they take card as well. Bagels & sandwiches are yummy, lots of coffee options. Plus SNOWBALLSFavorite breakfast & coffeehouse! Great service always! I visit here at least once a week. The healthy bagel is highly recommended & he has the best fresh teas!!We stopped here during our City Segway Tour (amazing by the way)  and we were instantly in love with the outside design of the building. Once inside,  the staff was extremely helpful and attentive to whatever questions we had about their menu. We ordered the Caprese panini and two iced coffees. Everything was perfect... What more can I say?  The panini was made of entirely fresh ingredients and created with skill -  my wife and I both gave each other that "Oh hell yes"  glance when we took our first bite. The iced coffee was great and as a bonus,  their bathroom was extremely nice and clean.Boar's Head Meat for deli style sammies, chicory coffee, espressos, lattes, etc. and pastries available. Also an AMAZING bagel n lox! Their bagels or so soft and fluffy even after being toasted! Highly recommend. There was a little bit of a wait on the food order because there was a long line, and one person working, but I wasn't in a hurry, and had my coffee to keep me occupied, but worth the wait! Yummy!This spot was a disappointment. Went in for a sandwich and the options were quite limited. I opted for the "healthy bagel" and it was terrible. The whole thing fell apart the second I lifted it up. There was barely anything on it and they served me a broken bagel. The cold brew was mediocre. Bummer.Friendly neighbor coffeehouse we will make it our breakfast spot while here. My mistake was splitting the Bagel and lox I will not do that tomorrow. The Cappaccino was spot on! Now to yelp lunch:)Good food and service. The Lox bagel was very fresh! Enjoyed the ambience of the cafe as well.Great coffee and food! Ask for the Monica Kelly - a healthy bagel with veggies and added lox for a great meal anytime of day.Nice decor and cozy. Very nice folks here welcome you in with a smile. 
Good coffee and wifi. Just what I needed! :)Best veggie panini I ever had. Kind and courteous staff. Amazing location and close to everything. Take out orders and free wifi a plus!My husband and I visited Treme coffeehouse while on a Segway tour. We opted for the snowball. Visit the back of the coffeehouse for the simply refreshing shaved ice treat. Friendly service and local vibe makes you feel like a kid again.Stopped in during our Treme Music History Tour with Voodoo Lounge. In town during our honeymoon road trip. What a quaint yet cool place. Loved it. Coffees & Brownie were great. Cool art throughout the inside.Lovely spot in the Treme Neighborhood. I would stick to drip coffee here. Their bagel sandwich was very tasty. 
Friendly service. Comfortable to sit and work as well.One of our favorite places in New Orleans.  No visit is complete until we get to see our friends at Treme coffee house.  Cleanest bathrooms in New Orleans!! LolCoffee - well prepared, nice taste.  The best thing about this cafetería is that the baristas never complain about requests. I like my coffee made a certain way and they will do it, remember it for the next time, and get it right. That's big in my book. The owner is a doll, and remembers who comes in, so you feel like its your neighborhood joint. 
The ambiance is discrete, there's a sweet little backyard with lights at night. 
My recommendation: panino caprise and a macchiato.Very mellow, chill, authentic vibe. Classics playing on the radio, has wifi, great selection of books and board games, variety in furniture, delicious selection of fresh iced teas and coffees and a yummy  lox bagel that has pepper crusted salmon slow service but not noticeable enough to remember.Great little neighborhood coffee shop. Iced coffee was delicious and service was awesome. There are some great photos and posters in the sitting area too.One of the best local coffeehouses in the city! They have fresh sandwiches, treats, and great quality coffee. The ambience is relaxing and can be good for coffee with a friend or a one on one business meeting. The decor is hip with a New Orleans vibe. Service is always amazing!Great local spot. They serve a few sandwiches, pastries and lots of coffee and tea beverages. Great vibeAdorable little neighborhood coffeehouse. Strong coffee, excellent bagel and lox. The decor and art on the walls and the books and board games makes it easy to stay and enjoy your purchase. Very friendly and service was excellent.Good drinks at a cute little coffee place. Their baked goods look great but I think I picked a bad one. The scone I tried didn't have much flavor so the bites without any berries didn't taste like anything other than pure carbs.This was one of our stops while walking around in the neighborhood of Tremé while visiting New Orleans. It's a very cozy, cute little café/coffee shop near the elementary school here. It attracts many neighborhood locals as a comfort spot. There are very few tourists that know about the shop and will only find out through walking tours of its existence. We were so comfortable here. 
This is definitely worth a visit if you're looking for a nice quiet place to chill out with a cup of coffee, tea, small lunch, etc. away from the hustle and bustle of the French quarter.Great local coffeehouse. A few tasty treats but nothing over indulgent like Starbucks. The decor and local tunes make me feel at home.This has become my go to coffee shop. I'm a New Yorker and I've had an iced coffee and a bagel n lox almost everyday from here this week. Great pastries and they have coconut milk!!! 
Gender neutral bathrooms are big and clean. Internet is consistent and there is a beautiful chess board. All the people I've interacted with who work here have been very welcoming and the establishment seems to be quite queer friendly. The place is kept really clean. They keep it well ventilated, cool on hot days and warm on cool days. There is an atm machine and they also take credit cards.Cute little coffeehouse. Stopped in here on a tour. Good selection of drinks and pastries. I had a hot chocolate and an almond croissant. The croissant was decent, a little too much filling in my opinion so I wouldn't get that again. 
Good selecting of seating with tables as well as couches. Seems like it would be a good place to meet a friend to catch up.Great atmosphere, delicious bagel 'n lox, strong coffe, cool chess board! I loved everything about  this place!This spot is really cool. Located in the Treme area which is accessible to many people looking for available Coffee Spots. It is a bit smaller than usual coffee spots but the sandwiches are really delicious! I had a turkey sandwich with avocado and boiii was it tasty!!!! My coffee beverage was good. The deli meat was a Boarder's Brand so it was nice Fresh and just flavorful! The environment was really laid back. May be a bit noisier than most coffee shops however, really good deli sandwiches.I love this coffeehouse and have frequented almost daily over the past two years. I'm a New Yorker and am picky about my coffee and customer service. I've never had better treatment than what I receive walking through the door of Treme coffeehouse. It's far better than my former Bedstuy haunt. 
Breadstuy coffeehouse in Brooklyn, could stand to take a page out of this coffeehouses book. I enjoy lunch as well a couple times per week. I entertain clients  regularly there and even they return without me. My NY friends when visiting always rave about the service and the coffee. My mom loves the lemon ginger tea.
Natalie is a pleasure. Trace, the owner is such a special guy. He is the bestest!
Thanks for all your hard work.Off beat place with great atmosphere and just what you need to unwind and gather your thoughts. the coffee is best I ever had anywhere. don't know about any food there I did not have or ordered anyI feel like I'm at home here, lots of great local folks ready to tell you about the neighborhood. Coffee is spectacular and the service is impeccable.  Food is very reasonably priced and of high quality. I highly recommend this place as a must see for your New Orleans experience.This is a cute coffee shop located in Treme. Their bagels were delicious, especially the veggie version. Try the chicory coffee if you haven't before, it doesn't have caffeine but it tastes delicious.Cool little spot not much seating but it's good if you just want get some good cheap coffee and maybe write a little. The area has some really good inspiration. Staff really friendly gets a little noisy towards closing time.This place was close to our Airbnb rental and was open in the afternoon when our coffee need arose!  It was chilly outside and we immediately noticed how hot and humid it was in here when we walked in.
They had plenty of tables and I saw a lot of people working on laptops so I assume they have free Wi-Fi!  The ordering process was quick and I picked the house special coffee with chicory in it.  They had the standard coffee condiment bar with cream, sugar, whole milk, half and half, etc.
We promptly left because it was so hot in there!  The coffee was 5 stars all the way and I really liked the chicory flavor in the coffee.  It isn't for the faint of heart coffee drinkers because it definitely had a bold/robust coffee flavor.  I would recommend this for tourists to get a great cup of New Orleans style coffee and for locals looking for a quiet place to work!They have coconut milk!
It's big and airy. The lox bagel is awesome- and I'm a New Yorker. Their espresso is smooth. The staff is really kind. The bathroom is huge and very clean. The internet is consistentWe had the joy of renting a room in Treme and it's a great neighborhood. A lot of character and culture, plus the people are very nice. I really like this coffee spot. It's very homey and the staff is really welcoming. We got an almond croissant, tea and cap for our walk to French Quarter and it was just what we needed.Loved this place!  One of the highlights of my visit to New Orleans!  Quaint sitting area, good food and really reasonable prices.  Service is delightful and very personable.  Try the Blueberry muffins - they are to die for!Coffee is delicious and the vibe is awesome, patio has little shade, but why be outside anytime between June-September?Great vibe, servers are fun, coffee and snacks are the best!  Definitely worth a stop.If I were rating this spot strictly on cappuccinos and workspace, I'd give it 5+ stars. The woman behind the counter made me a mean cappuccino and she was super sweet. There were plenty of tables available to sit at, and the atmosphere was really comfortable to get down to work. This is all I really want in a coffee shop, so I'm smitten.
The missing star is for the food options. I don't often eat at coffee shops anyway, but if there's a fresh whole grain bagel or healthy vegan option I might. The stuff on hand didn't look appetizing so I didn't bite.Went in here as part of a Treme tour. I loved the inside.  Service was prompt and reasonably priced. I went to the restroom and it was spacious and most importantly CLEAN.May'14 there's been a change in ownership and whilst this is positive in many ways (it was getting a little tired in there) the quality of the coffee is not nearly as good as it has been. we tried to broach the subject with the new barista yesterday but she was a little peeved and said it was the 'same as it usually is' well, it's not ever good anymore. 
I hear they have plans to phase in some cheaper food & drinks which is a great idea. I will just say that my husband and me have probably drunk more coffee in there than anyone else since it opened 2 and a half years ago so I feel justified in making this point. it's nothing personal.Not sure why so many people stopped at this place to take pictures??? The coffee was good and the service friendly but quite slow. The muffins seemed frozen , and if not from a box, they definitely weren't freshly baked that day. If you are at the park and want to find something outside the Quarter this place is a good pick. Any other time, I wouldn't go out of my way for a visit.I had the joy of finding this coffee house this past weekend. Me and daughter were visiting New Orleans from Dallas Texas . For the first two days we kept trying to get into cafe dumont in the French Quarter but the line was always out the door. So finally my last two days there I found this coffee house and I loved it! It was small , quiet , my daughter was able to knit in peace.
The food was awesome !I was wandering around the Treme neighbourhood feeling sad at how abandoned it seems when I chanced up Treme Coffeehouse. It looks great, the coffee was fantastic and the beef panini was excellent.
I've no idea what was here before so can't compare. However, I think the place is excellent and the guy serving the coffee very friendly and helpful!Nice neighborhood coffee house.  Right on the corner, across the street from the school.  Clean, relaxed atmosphere with mellow music.  Selection of morning muffins, croissants, biscuits, bagels, cookies.  Yogurt, oatmeal,  and fresh fruit.  Variety of coffee, espresso and tea.  Internet and chess board!  Bottled juice and water.  Nice seating area out back, grassy area with tables and chairs.   Lunch time they have a variety of sandwiches you can turn into combos.Colorful shutters on a quaint corner location. When I entered I felt immediately welcomed. The house had detailed decorations like a beautiful chess set that made me want to come back. 
Ordered a cold green iced tea, which was very solid. There was plenty of room to spread out over the nine or so tables and a very comfy couch. 
For food, I got the treme sandwich. The panini bread was too die for.The people here are really nice, and the space is lovely. But they have to get a new bagel supplier. That wasn't a bagel, it was a roll. A squishy whitebread roll. I get that it's not going to be a NY bagel (although you can find those in this city) but this was basically a Kaiser roll from Rouse's in store bakery that they called a "bagel." It's not really that hard. Lender's frozen bagels are better than what I just ate.Quaint coffee shop that reminds me of home (Portland, Oregon). Great latte with the right amount of froth.I was the closest place, for breakfast, to my hotel. Altho the menu is limited, it was enough for me to start the day. The atmosphere is relaxing and helped to start the day.Food and coffee are ok, service for food is slow.  Low rating is for the one guy working. Figured it's the owner. He was talking loudly to another staff about his bathroom rituals and those of others. Then proceeded to tell him some story about a guy murdering his ex. If that wasn't good enough proceeds to tell a story about how in college he would go to parties and do all kind of drugs (surprise, right?) And how one time they froze a guys cat in a deep freeze and then how they tried to unfreeze it. At end he says it's all made up story. I hope so. Dude, you're running a business. Get it together.What a great little coffee house. Clearly a neighborhood favorite! Strong and delicious coffee to help you get the day going right. Friendly and efficient service.Beautiful space. Good coffee. Great vibe. Had several stale cold pastries or I'd give it higher rating. Just a little expensive for stale pastries.Nice coffee shop. Friendly people and lots of light! I had a delicious vegetarian sandwich with my tea. All was good!Really cute place and I wish we had tried it out sooner before leaving! I was staying nearby with some friends for the weekend and I am not a local, but it seemed like a lot of locals come here, which is always a good sign.
I really enjoyed their iced coffee and fruit tart!Great coffeehouse in the heart of Treme. Cool local vibe with local Knowledge. Stop here first and buy their T shirt. It has a local artist's map of Treme with places you don't want to miss. Short walk from here to the French Quarter. Get your coffee here first!Great little spot.  "Notorious T.I.P." on the tip jar got a smile out of me.  Decent-looking sandwiches, but I'm usually just in it for the coffee, which was hot and good.  Great neighborhood place, but doesn't quite feel like it because it's so clean and new-looking.  Character will come with time.  :)This coffee shop in the heart of Treme is not to be overlooked. It's cute and quaint. The limited menu did not bother me at all. I came here knowing that the food would be good and it was. 
I had the pleasure of splitting my Bagel n Lox and the Turkey n Pepperjack with my boyfriend. They both were fresh! We all know you can't get fresh food everywhere. The Bagel n Lox was delicious. If you go, you must get the Bagel N Lox. 
Don't forget to take a look at the garden in the back and to play a little chess while you wait.Great coffee and chill spot. Short walk from my air bnb - perfect way to start a morning stroll. The owner is wonderful and great to chat with in the morning. They have lots of options, including soy and almond milk.Use to live right up the road from these guys and it was an almost daily stop while walking the dog. 
I'm a fan of chai, and though it's not house made chai, it's still good and they know how to pour it  
I love the vibe as you don't feel pressured or rushed into getting out of there. You can relax and work or enjoy some conversation with friends... or even make new friends. 
If you're in the area it's a beautiful neighborhood coffee shop.This is a cute clean place, great customer service, great coffee we enjoyed toasted bagels sandwiches and pastriesCute local corner coffeehouse. I wasn't expecting much walking in but honestly, the coffee was really good quality. I'd say better than Cafe Du Monde. I was staying at an airbnb nearby and I went almost every morning. They also have muffins, scones, bagels and sandwiches. Bagel and lox was perfectly prepared, they were not shy on the salmon. Looks like a good place to get work done too!My husband and I stopped in after vising the Back Street Culture Museum (go there if you are near this coffee house).
We were blown away by what we had learned and needed to talk about it and rest a little. The building is very well kept but felt a big gentrified.
Inside was clean, air conditioned, and dotted with comfortable seating. 
I ordered an iced mocha. It was nothing special or horrible. It was fine. 
Its central location, and comfortable atmosphere was reason to hang out for a while.Woke up craving some breakfast that was walking distance from our AirBnB. I found this place just a few blocks away and it had good reviews. I ordered a coffee and a bagels with lox. Everything was great until the 2 Segway tour groups came in and prevented the only person working from making my sandwich. I had to wait until she made 15 plus drinks until she went back to making sandwiches.This is a great little cafe. 
The coffee is good, and the pastries are tasty. 
There are other food options available like sandwiches, but we've never had them. We see many people ordering them, so they can't be bad, right?
WIFI is also available. 
It has become quite popular, so it can be a tiny bit crowded.
We always look forward to our visits to this cafe.Food was great! People were helpful and friendly!!! Building and decor was really cool. We stayed a bit and played chess on their wooden boardI've been to several coffee shops in the city but Treme Coffeehouse is my favorite so far.  As you can guess from the name, it's located in the historic neighborhood spotlighted in the HBO drama.  I'll quickly rundown the reasons to check them out when you're in the area:
PROS
--They sell coffee and snoballs!  They're the only place I know of that has both.  We didn't try the snoballs this time but our coffees were solid.  They also had a tempting assortment of pastries in the display case.  
--The décor was very NOLA.  Cheerful, eye-popping color greets you at the door.  Inside, the walls are a mix of bright orange and exposed brick.  Black and white photos line the walls along with Jazz Fest works from a local artist.
--The staff was super friendly and welcoming.  No hint of barista-tude, just service with a smile.
--On the day we visited, it was busy but seating was available at café tables and sofas.  They have a stack of board games and a really cool chess set.  We definitely got a sit and stay vibe here.  It's a place to relax, hang out with friends or get work done.
--Parking is free and easy to find on the street a few yards from the entrance.
CONS
--I'm reaching here but the coffeehouse is on the French Quarter Segway tour route.  While we were there a group of tourists made a pit stop at the café instantly doubling the capacity.  Not a big deal unless you're easily distracted.
Treme Coffeehouse is on my short list of best coffee shops I've visited so far in the city.The coffee is great. The food is edible. The customer service and people skills of the guy who runs the place (lanky gentlemen; wears a fedora) is appalling. It's simply not enough to just run a "cute" establishment. You have to be polite and courteous as well.  Maybe I caught him on an off day. Regardless I won't be returning.Just have to say I can be a bit of a coffee brat! But I am happy to say this place is great they happily make my coffee just the way I want it with a smile. Super friendly really reasonably priced and local! There's free wifi and a chessboard as well as a few books to sink into the couch with... so stop by and relax. Shout out to Katrina and Tracy thanks for the service and the sandwiches!Finally stopped in during a sudden downpour on my way back to where I'm staying. First off this place is absolutely adorable. The colors are so inviting you just want to stop in. 
I'm only an iced coffee drinker so I went with a mocha au lait. Just the right amount of mocha and sweet without being over powering. Good coffee, good prices and a cute atmosphere.Wonderful coffee shop! Friendly service, great coffees, and amazing pastries. I just moved into this neighborhood and this will definitely be my new spot for all my coffee/breakfast needs!This is the cutest and best coffeehouse in the area! The baked goods selection isn't huge but it's good. The iced mocha is perfect. Not any hint of bitterness and the perfect amount of sweetness. The ABSOLUTE BEST thing there is the bagel and lox sandwich. If I could have one of these sandwiches every single day for breakfast, I wouldn't complain at all. Everyone needs to check this place out!
The only downside is that since this is a unique, hometown place, there are only 2 workers and at busy times, there is a bit of a wait. It's worth it for the sandwich though!This coffee house completely captures that New Orleans locals' vibe. I came here for a quick business meeting. I continue to go because it's perfect for writing, one on one meetings, or just hanging with a friend for coffee. Eclectic vibes and great coffee. If it was closer to my neighborhood I would come everyday.Needed to kill a few hours (with my luggage) before catching my flight and this coffeehouse was PERFECT. Delicious sandwich, perfect mocha and low key vibes. They have a lovely little courtyard and a few board games. The healthy bagel hit the spot. We stayed in Tremé for our visit and I'm only sorry I didn't stop here sooner.Very cute interior. Great service and food/drinks. Reasonably priced. Glad we stopped in.