Trenasse is located inside of the International Hotel on St. Charles Ave. It feels upscale, but dress is casual. It's a nice, quiet location where you can relax and enjoy your meal without disruptions.
After being seated and ordering our drinks, the waitress brought over cracklings with red bean butter. There were delightful fried pork rinds that were very light and tasty.
We started with the Buffalo-style frogs legs (a first for all four of us) and they were quite tasty. (We now have bragging rights for the folks back home.) Each of us had a different selection off of the menu, and they were all phenomenal! 
Our waitress was very friendly and cordial. Behind the bar were three frozen drink machines. When we questioned the "Stink Juice", she provided us with a free sample and explained what it consisted of. (More bragging rights.)
This place is highly recommended. All four of us enjoyed our meal and the quiet time we had together.Absolutely amazing food!! We had the Chefs 3 course meal and we were blown away.  Incredible flavors, seasoned incredibly well, and the atmosphere was great for my girlfriend and I.  The service is very good.  Jonathan was our main server and was incredibly attentive and responsive.  I would absolutely recommend this, not only as a wonderful taste of New Orleans, but also a great introduction to the fantastic and welcoming community.This place is phenomenal. The bartenders are very personable. Jonathan is super friendly!!I was trying to find something new to try and I found this great place. Michelle did an outstanding job recommending me my whole dinner. From the appetizer, entree & desert and a good wine to pair it with.... great experience over allStayed at the Intercontinental  for 5 nights.  First night discovered here and was greeted with very friendly staff and awesome food.  Been back 4 times at different hours.  Love the happy hour food choices also.Yesssss. Had one of my best meals in Nola here...ever. 
I ended up here randomly. A million people were in town for the Sugar Bowl and it was one of the only places downtown with last minute reservations available. So glad we went. 
We started with a few small plates. (I also had a glass of cava brut - $8 and solid). The buffalo frog legs are amazing - like a hot wing but better. The duck confit lettuce wraps were delicious and had a great presentation. The duck meat is still on the leg and you assemble it into prepped lettuce cups yourself....or just eat it off the leg like I did. Also had the alligator tamales and the nachos with pork crackling. Both were good but probably wouldn't order again. The nachos would be worth trying once though -- it's definitely not what you expect. 
The trout meunière and whole fried fish (a red fish at the time I believe) were both divine. The potatoes with the trout! I never knew a potato could be so soft and crispy at the same time. Want them always. 
Once they've been open longer I hope the service improves. There were a few hiccups but everyone was consistently friendly. I also don't remember very many vegetarian options, although it is branded as cajun/creole so that isn't too surprising. 
The next time I go I'm totally springing for the oyster log.Eating at Trenasse was easily the best meal of our trip. Having been to New Orleans many times, we wanted something new but still of course super delicious. This is why I love the internet and why I'm writing a review for this place. Trenasse was a gem. The service was fantastic, probably the best waiter we have ever had. And the food, whoa. They are not messing around. My husband said the turtle soup was great. He also said the excellent service made the food taste better! We shared the duck lettuce wrap appetizer which was nothing short of phenomenal. I wouldn't typically order duck but this was carefully prepared and actually gorgeous. I will try duck at other places now thanks to the beauty of this dish. Even the side veggies were something to remember. I am so glad we ate here. Just to mention, we walked in for lunch on New Years Eve, did not need reservations but I would probably call ahead for dinner when going back.Great place for Happy Hour for oysters and libations! Sit in the back at the bar where Leo runs the show. He's been there since they opened and could not be a more affable guy. He'll advise you on best oyster combinations that he serves....from charbroiled to Rockefeller to raw (plus other combinations that I haven't tried because I always get the same thing). Oysters on the half shell during Happy Hour are $.75 each. Ask Leo about his pet fish named Hollywood. He might even show you a photo.We were underwhelmed with the chargrilled oysters Intercontinental.  The frog legs were lukewarm and slightly soggy.  It seemed like they had been reheated. The BBQ shrimp was also lukewarm, light on butter and overtly lemon-tasting.  The wait staff was efficient and friendly and the ambience was nice, but I would not return.  Disappointed.Located in the Intercontinental hotel. Happy hour from 3-6. Tried the crawfish pie, raw oysters, and char-grilled (Intercontinental oysters).
.75 cents an oyster during happy hour, can't beat that! 
The char-grilled oysters (6 for $12) were also delicious as well. Grilled with butter and cheese.
The crawfish pie was delicious. Flaky on the outside and crawfish inside tasted fresh. Served on top of some really good creamy grits. Definitely a must try, loved this dish.The food was delicious and the oysters were probably one of the best I had in New Orleans during my weekend trip with my wife. However, this was the worst restaurant experience Ive had during the trip. The restaurant was extremely busy and under staff for a Sunday dinner time. It took 10 mins for the waitress to greet my table. From there on, everything was normal serving time multiplied by 2. We were asked if we wanted the complimentary item served but the item never arrived. We were handed a dirty fork with gunk on it, handed back to the waitress, but was never apologized for. Attempted to wave down the waitress several times after the meal was finished didn't help the situation at all. The waitress finally realized how unsatisfied we were when I handed her my card the same time she handed my bill. We received a ":(" then she apologized for the restaurant being so busy...Not coming back.Trenasse is connected to the hotel (Intercontinental) that my friends and I stayed at during our trip to NOLA. We passed by the restaurant everyday and decided to drop in on our last day. Their menu was extensive and everything sounded delicious, but we kept our eyes on the prize: $0.75 OYSTERS FOR HH!! 
Happy Hour is from 3 PM to 6 PM everyday and features an assortment of appetizers and oysters prepared in different ways. We ordered 40 raw oysters to share between the three of us. Oysters were all delicious, sweet, and plump. We definitely ate enough to not crave oysters for the next month!We are first time visitors to NOLA from Seattle.  Our concierge recommended Luke's.  Walked to Lukes for dinner; 45 minute wait, so we went to Trenasse restaurant across the street.  Choosing Trenasse was the best choice we could make for our first night out.   Sean was Waiter of the year!  
Wonderful food, great food guidance, yummy gumbo, no okra!  Bloody Mary's were remarkable!  Great salad, 'cilantro corn dressing', steak was best we ever had.  Oysters and crab bisque rival the best we have had in Seattle.  I wish we had this restaurant at home!  I hungered for this restaurant the whole week, but felt we should give others a chance.  After trying Lukes, Commanders Palace, etc Trenasse was best restaurant experience hands down!
Sean's Fabulous fun suggestions:
Frenchman street 
Royal street NOT BOURBON
streetcar to Toulane/ Magazine street.It was tasty. I probably won't be back. Food was good but I have a problem with my food not being hot when I receive it. Lukewarm is not hot. I've chalked it up to it being I was part of a large party, but being in the industry that means nothing. Idk. Service was cool too. I was really disappointed in the food. Bisque, stew, steak, scallops all lukewarm. Scallops weren't seasoned well. Steak was tossed on the grill for a few seconds then pulled off...ZERO char. I can't.I fear that I am the first non-five star review.  Sorry to break the streak but, coming from San Francisco, the bar is high.  The food was excellent and there were a few items (the soups in particular) that were fabulous.  But the pork belly was tough and overcooked.  And a few items just weren't very notable.  Nothing bad, just not great.  Service was excellent.  The ambience, however, was not my style.  It's in the lobby of the Intercontinental and very much feels it.  Nothing particularly charming about it.  I'd certainly eat there again but I don't find myself raving about it (which is my bar for giving five stars).My friends and I came for the bottomless mimosas and found phenomenal food but the real gem was the service. Our server Julio was amazing - our glasses were always full and we all loved all the dishes he recommended for each of us. I would give 10 stars if it let me!All good at this upscale casual fresh seafood joint.
Lunch time, good crowd but no waiting. Service is prompt and atmosphere is comfortable.
We all ordered fish and each was expertly grilled and plated.
Nice size portions of very fresh fillets. The had a choice of four. Each in our group of five enjoyed their dish.
Finished with espresso and out the door.
Prices are reasonable, food is good, fish is fresh, atmosphere is nice.
What more could you ask for?Writing this review while I sit here waiting for the dozen oysters I ordered over 30 minutes ago. I'm wondering if they ran out and had to fish for more in the gulf or if we've been totally forgotten about. Horrible service, oysters are $0.75 during happy hour in theory, if you can actually get them.Came here for happy hour. You get what you expect. We got raw oysters by the half shell and broiled with garlic and butter. The broiled with garlic and butter are pretty much what you would expect but really nothing special about them. 
Service was good and fast. Happy hour is a good deal since they have lots of oyster options, as well as a handful of appetizers.My first trip to NOLA, I did not expect myself to be drawn to a restaurant like Trenasse. After reading countless positive reviews, my wife and I decide to go here for dinner. We were not disappointed. To start, my wife got the blue crab bisque, and I got the soup of the day (some cheese soup goodness). Sampling each, it was a tie for top rating. I then tried the Stinky's Stew...as good as other reviews have advertised. My wife got the Crab Trio...another home run. To top it off, our server Jonathan was awesome. To summarize, great all overall restaurant experience.Another score for NOLA to make it hard to find bad food.
Perfectly prepared gumbo, good bisque, tasty duck confit...
The only disappointment was the 30A poboy.  
I will be back to try some other selections.Solid brunch option.
Shrimp and grits is excellent.
Bottomless mimosas.
Usually not a wait. 
Decor could use a little updating... not really gram worthy hehe.
Once we went to brunch for a friend's birthday and they literally ran out of champagne ... apparently there is a bottom to the bottomless mimosa. But the manager did send someone to the store to pick up more and everything else was lovely so I'll forgive it, return the next time I'm not feeling especially creative with my brunch options, and stick with a solid 4 stars.We stopped here for a late dinner after conferencing. The service was amazing. We started with the crab bisque - which the manager replaced after thinking our first batch (which tasted fine) wasn't right, and the replacement was divine. We split Stinky's Stew for an entree and I can't describe how delicious it was. The broth took me to France and the seafood was all so fresh and perfectly done.Got take out from here while in New Orleans on a business trip. I ordered the crab trio and a side salad, and was pretty impressed for a hotel meal. 
I was particularly impressed by the side salad. The salad was fresh, and an interesting mix of lettuce, green beans, tomatoes, corn, potatoes, and lima beans. I got the corn vinagrette dressing, which was a thicker and creamier dressing than I'd expect from something called a vinagrette, but it was delicious. 
The crab trio was also good. Flavorful, savory, and complex, and there was a pretty reasonable amount of lump crab meat. However, there was quite a bit of shell still attached to the meat. The au gratin potatoes were excellent and the pickled vegetables were a nice touch to offset the otherwise heavy dish. I enjoyed the cream based sauce but did find myself wishing for more balance against the salty and heavy flavors. Regardless, it was quite good for a hotel meal. Would recommend.Excellent food. We had Wagyu beef, crab cake, duck lettuce wraps and bread pudding with caramel sauce and candied pecans. Yummy dinner.Other than the fact that our 2nd course(firecracker shrimp) came out after the 4th course and was dull, it was a nice place. Daily special scallops was good as was the soup of the day. Service was good. 
I would probably go back.Great food, great service, great time. We went during happy hour on a Saturday evening. Crowd was very sparse. Probably because this was the week before Mardi Gras and everyone was looking for something a little less fancy. However, although it's a nice restaurant, dress was casual, and we didn't feel out of place. Our server was very attentive. We had some of the best oysters I've had anywhere! And their happy hour prices were very reasonable. The rest of the food was also fantastic. We tried the blue crab bisque, wedge salad, alligator tamales, shrimp Po boy, and crawfish pie. The only thing I wasn't crazy about were the alligator tamales, and that's just because we really couldn't tell it was alligator. They were still tasty. The crawfish pie was phenomenal, highly recommend. All in all, a good experience, and I would go back.Terribly slow service. 45 minutes after ordering our meals the waitress came out and told us they had run out of two of the entrees. Food was decent, but not great.We came here for Happy Hour on Saturday and I could not have been more impressed.  The $0.75 raw oysters were even better than the ones we had at Luke across the street.  The catfish nuggets were also tasty but my favorite (surprisingly) were the cracklins!  Wow, so light and dusted with just the right amount of cajun seasoning.  Use it in place of the crackers for your oysters and you can thank me later.  
I wished we had stayed more days so I could try out the rest of the dinner menu, but I know where my first meal will be on my next trip to NOLA...  Keep up the good work!Spectacular meal! Great service from Falon. Escargot, oysters and entire menu was amazing. Flavors Devine. Will definitely be back on our next visit to NOLAYep, this was awesome. Good reviews below are accurate. I'd never eaten frog legs before and my boyfriend got them here -- they were delicious. I had alligator tamales which sounded weird but weren't that strange and were super yummy. Everything was yummy. A little on the pricey side, but you get a good amount of food, not like in those expensive restaurants with tiny plates =P.Finally find a tasty restaurant in New Orleans.
Located in Intercontinental Hotel, they serve live jazz, great seafood omelets and salad. Strongly recommend CBD salad with grilled shrimp.Stumbled in during "happy hour". Raw oysters $.75, smoked wings$6, & $7 Unca Duke's shrimp. Preceded by comp fried cracklin's (light as air), & delicious red bean butter. Tony was our above excellent waiter! Side of fried green perfectly cooked tomatoes & the "oyster platter" which consisted of 3 each: Intercontinental, garlic & butter, gratin, Bienville, Rockefeller, fried , & gruyere & bacon! 
Vote is for a yes. Only regrets we couldn't eat more from the big & appetizing menu!Another great find in nola, thanks to fellow yelpers! 
We went in the afternoon for their happy hours specials. They are definitely a steal!  Raw oysters (75 cents each) are fresh and plump, perfect to pair with the complimentary crackers. Popcorn catfish ($5) are crispy with soft center. The crawfish pie ($7) is also tasty but the crust is a little too thick to be called perfect. 
Special kudos to Jonathan, our server. He was very friendly and helpful.$10 Bottomless mimosas, what more can you ask for at brunch? How about a solid little jazz duo, great ceviche, and some solid chargrilled oysters? All bundled up in excellent service in a very cool, unique decor. Bar appeared to to exceptionally well stocked as well. 
Other guests had a range of dishes and all walked away with huge smiles. The one curious spot was the shrimp and grits, which finished as the worst of our trip to her palate. They were a bit TOO rich. Otherwise everything else was perfect. Big fan!Trenasse is located in the Intercontinental Hotel New Orleans.  We made reservations a couple of days in advance for our party of 8. Arrived at 5.30 pm and seated promptly. It was just the tail end of Happy Hour so we ordered some appetizers and drinks. A couple dozen raw oysters, a dozen grilled oysters, boudin balls and a round of Hurricanes.  The oysters were smaller then ones we had earlier that day but were excellent especially the grilled ones. 
For dinner we ordered the following item some multiple orders.
Escargots decadent rich in butter garlic and herbs
Duck with romaine lettuce as taco shells
Several Fish of the Day
Scallops
Drum
Mahi Mahi 
All were outstanding especially the scallops tender and sauteed just right.
Oyster salad 
The gumbo made with a dark rue, was the best I have ever had. 
Desserts were a cheesecake and a huge creme brulee.  Service was excellent . $340 before tip. Southern food at its best.loved everything I had!!! Bbq shrimp amazing ! the fish amazing! the endless mimosas amazing!!! Def going back soon!!!We were here for a conference and had done several "touristy" places with many people and decided to strike out on our own.  This was, by far, the best meal we had in NOLA!  The atmosphere is nice and intimate.  
We both had the special dinner meals (3 courses), with my friend picking the short ribs, green beans and grits while I had the swordfish, sauteed spinach and popcorn rice. The appetizer salad was AMAZING!  It was an arugula base with pickled cauliflower, jalapenos, and prosciutto croutons with a lemon vinaigrette.  So delish!  The main dishes were cooked and seasoned to perfection.  The dessert was a chocolate tart with a pecan crust and I loved it even though I am not a fan of chocolate pie.
If you are looking for a more eclectic southern menu, this is the place to go.I can only give this place 2 stars as an average . The crawfish pie is absolutely amazing and if you go here during happy hour you have to try this ! The gruyere oysters were so so. I probably wouldn't get them again . The food was a 4 and the service was a 0 ! If I could give them a 0 for service .. I would. Our waitress was awful ! She came over to our table and very very quietly said what can I get you . We needed a second to look over the menu for drink and food. She then left and came back a little bit later . Took our order and had a very melancholy personality, almost  like we were inconvincing her . Our food was delivered by someone else and then we proceeded to eat . Completely finished our meal, she didn't come over once to see if we needed anything . Maybe a drink or to check on our food ? Nothing .... well now we were sitting there waiting for her while she was at the bar talking to another worker drinking a glass of wine . Still waiting, we reached out to the hostess to ask for our waitress and check ... the hostess was great and proceeded to apologize multiple times for the waitress . The hostess went over to get the waitress and she came back and said oh I'm sorry I was in a meeting ...... are you insane ? We were sitting there watching her drink a glass of red wine at the bar and talking to a co worker . Not a genuine apology at all , just a childish excuse ! I probably wouldn't go back because of this service, go across the street to Luke !!!Came here on a Monday around 4:30pm. Restaurant is attached to the right side of the Intercontinental Hotel front entrance. It's literally right across the street from Luke's Restaurant. When we arrived it wasn't very busy. Service was great and food was pretty good as well. They have great Happy Hour Specials daily from 3pm-6pm. Here are the specials we ordered and my rating for each with 5 being excellent.
Crawfish Pie $7 = Rating: 4 
BBQ Shrimp $7 = Rating: 5
Wild Boar Boudin Roll $5 = Rating: 5
Crawfish Hot Tamales $7 = Rating: 3I was taken here by a client last month while on a business trip and I have to say, this was HANDS DOWN the best food I had in NOLA for the few days I was there. Granted, most was catered by the conference but we also went to ACME Oyster House and Dicky Brennan's, both of which are supposed to be amazing...they weren't at all. I didn't even find ACME edible. 
Anyway, Trenasse was delicious. I ordered the grouper topped with lump blue crab and the crab bisque. Everything was cooked to perfection and amazingly fresh, as it should be. We also had the Oyster Log for the table as well as the Bloody Mary Oyster Shooters. Now I don't even like oysters, but all of these were beyond amazing. I would get it again in a heartbeat. 
Someone else at the table ordered the special trio that had short ribs, crawfish pot pie and crab cakes. I'm not a fan of pot pie so I didn't try this, but the short ribs were exceptional. Tender as butter. The crab cakes were ok, I have had better. 
Overall, this place is worth it and I will definitely go back next time I am in NOLA.Stumbled upon this restaurant on Yelp and I couldn't be happier! Happy Hour every day from 3-6!! Prices were incredible! We got the Boudin Balls appetizer and raw oysters on the half shell. Biggest, freshest oysters I've ever had!! I'm from New England so you don't see them this big on the regular. A must try!Must go!!! Everything we had was amazing! Best garlic bread I've ever had, delicious oysters, delicious gumbo, delicious burgers, delicious dessert. I can't say "delicious" enough! Great atmosphere, very cool place to go!This place was good but not my favorite compared to other nearby places we had the shrimp po boy the sauce was really good but there were only 3 shrimp on the whole sandwich 
The blue crab bisque was very goodThis place was bomb. Not like, 5 star amazing meal-type bomb -- but pretty freakin' good. 
Few complaints: the bloody Mary's were as thick as milkshakes. The actual flavor was like really good and it would have been perfect had it not been so thick it was hard to suck through the straw... I guess this seemed to be a trend in NOLA though so maybe its just their thing. Either way, I can't stand the texture at all. Like, I love bloody mary's -- one of my favorite drinks -- but if you're anything like me, ask for it thin. 
Service was really good. The waitress was just alight but pretty much everyone in the restaurant helped out when/where they could. Which, having worked in restaurants my whole life, I can confidently say that's exactly how it should be. Manager dude was very nice and helpful. Good experience. 
SO: I ordered the fried brie burger. Yes, that means a giant fried piece of brie atop a delicious burger with caramelized onions and a bunch of other amazing things. Honestly, the only real gripe I had about my meal is that I ordered my burger medium rare and it came welllll into the medium range. Such a disappointment because, although the meat wasn't spectacular tasting or anything, the burger / flavors would have been near perfect if my burger had been cooked right. 
OH and how could I forget -- the beignets -- or "French Market Doughnuts" according to their menu. They were freakin delicious. Maybe not like cafe du monde good but like really freakin good. My first taste of NOLA beignet heaven. 
all in all,  it was super bomb. They were very accommodating, got 12 of us in right away for brunch. Very attentive, helpful, etc.Excellent service!  Delicious food!
Try the Crawfish Pie and the Crab Trio!  Awesome!!Best Happy Hour menu I've had in New Orleans.  Popcorn catfish, Crawfish pie, Debris fries all $7 each.  Smoked wings $6 and 0.75 oysters.  All were excellent.  Cheap drinks as well.  Will definitely will be back.I was looking for a break from my conference with a quick lunch out and this place delivered great food at a very reasonable price.  The bartender suggested the soup and sandwich combo since I said I was interested in local food - I picked fowl gumbo and half a shrimp po'boy. Delicious.We had the fowl gumbo, shrimp 'n' grits, crab bisque and oyster salad - all were great, though service left something to be desired.Trenasse is a hidden gem.  First, they have one of the best bloody marys in New Orleans - hands down.  They were spicy, rich and flavorful.  The garnish included okra, celery, olives and a jumbo shrimp.
I ordered the veggie omelette and it was fantastic - full of fresh vegetables and cooked to perfection.  The breakfast potatoes were amazing.  (Note: they are VERY garlicky so be prepared.)
The crab bisque was delicious.  Not too creamy - just right.
Other dishes ordered at the table included the blue crab omelette and the blue crab cake benedict. All were really great.  
The service was solid too - friendly, knowledgable and accommodating. I look forward to going back and trying dinner.
I've been to all the popular breakfast spots with long waits.  Skip the wait and have a better meal at Trenasse.I was craving oysters something fierce and I don't wait in lines (aka acme etc). On Sunday night, I found Trenasse. I thought about making a reservation, but they had so many open times on OpenTable, I didn't bother. We showed up at 7:15 and were told by a very prickly hostess, that the soonest we could be seated was 8:30. 
I admittedly pulled a dick move and made a reservation at 7:30 on OpenTable. I alerted her to this. She responded with a table of 6 ahead of us was going to use our table since she didn't block it out. Not my problem. She resolved the issue she created and sat us. 
Now. Our waiter Adam, who said he's usually the bartender, was quite possibly one of the greatest waiters I've had. He was SO friendly and took such amazing care of us, I can't even tell you.
Starting us off with pork rinds? what?! LOVE!!!
We ordered a couple cocktails, both delicious. We also got a dozen raw oysters, 6 of the house charbroiled oysters, and 6 of the pancetta and Gruyere oysters at the suggestion of Adam. Everything was superb and hit the spot!
I would so absolutely go back, making sure to make reservations ahead of time.Wow
Food was excellent l, was worried a bit about the restaurant being connected to a hotel but man was I glad I went. 
Oysters, shrimp, soup, etc everything was excellentI liked the fried catfish nuggets and crawfish pie so much when I was here last time that I brought my daughters when I came back. The girls enjoyed them as well. I was disappointed that the size of the crawfish pie had reduced in size and because of that there was too much crust. The inside still had a good flavor but the pie shell almost over powered it. 
One of my daughter's loves seafood so we got the broiled oysters. Not a good idea if you do not like raw oysters. I asked the waitress were they cooked when she put them down because they didn't seem like it. My daughter tried to eat them but they were to under cooked. 
We will return to get the nuggets and regular size crawfish pie. That happy hour one is too doughy.Ordered their cauliflower steak with no cheese & the salad with balsamic... flavors were delicious. Well seasoned, nice sized portions & you can tell were made from scratch. You can taste the freshness. Beautiful presentation. Kentucky mule & NOLA mule were great as well. Food was superb, service was a little slow & average.Happy hour was a steal! The catfish popcorn bites were delicious and the perfect size for an appetizer. Plus a little live music - I dig it!  Just a heads up, it's connected to the intercontinental hotel (took me a minute to find it).Delicious food!  My husband and I went to this restaurant because it's conveniently in our hotel and were not disappointed. I had the duck lettuce wraps and they were phenomenal and he had the gumbo and it's one of the better ones I've tasted of being here! They also have happy hour from 3 to 6 where the oysters, which are big, juicy and sweet, are only $0.75 each! Highly recommended, if nothing else, just for happy hour!Had the blue crab bisque, escargot, lamb rack and crawfish pie, they were all absolutely delicious! Would definitely come again.Wow! I'd buy a plane ticket to come back to New Orleans just so I can eat at this place again! 
I had Crab Bisque and my mom had Cauliflower soup, both excellent! Then we split a crab and potato entree. I highly recommend you visit this place!Fabulous, fabulous! We had a late lunch and had a delicious meal! Very pleasant atmosphere. Had tv's in the bar, great selection of food and everything tasted great! We had the fish tacos and split them because the portion was too large for us to eat alone. Their pinto beans had a smokey taste, so yummy. The waitress was well informed, and very energetic as if she was really enjoying her job. In the hotel, but you would never know sitting and having lunch! Will be back for sure!Good food. But please ease up on the salt. We were a party of 20 and everyone said their food had good flavor but too salty!Went during Happy Hour and got 6 oysters for 4.50 and the Crawfish Pie (entree). The Crawfish Pie was amazing! Was stuffed halfway through but was so good I ate the whole thing!! Would definitely recommend it to anyone trying to find a unique seafood dish in NOLA!Great tasting food but truly small portions. I don't like the idea that prices are hiked because it's a huge tourist spot. I want my soup to be more than 6 ounces. This isn't the movies and I'm not on a diet. Feed me, that's what I came for.Really amazing food with the freshest and finest ingredients. I work in the building and eat here often. Never disappointed. My favorite server is Eric. Be sure and ask for him - he'll take excellent care of you and your group!This is one of the top places we ate during our entire trip! Our alumni group decided to meet up for brunch here, and it was a perfect option. We were seated immediately and our drink orders were taken. The waitress was new or just not that great and she could not answer any questions. That prolonged our entire time there, but we overlooked her missteps because Jeremy, the bus boy was amazing. He was able to answer all of the questions about the menu and got us everything we needed. The buffalo frog legs were excellent and the lamb, eggs, and biscuit were great. This is a place I would highly recommend.Amazing dishes. Our table had the Wedge salad with green goddess dressing, the alligator tamales, cauliflower steak, crab trio, key lime pie (in a mason jar)  and the peach creme brûlée. It was delicious, the staff was nice and the atmosphere was casual and good for conversation. Kathleen our waitress was friendly and attentive.Took the "Crawfish pie" to go to and found a piece of iron-kinda-looking stuff in the food. Glad I found it in my mouth before swallowing it. Feel like the food is overrated.Friday night in the big town...staying at the La Quinta downtown. Trenasse is walking distance from the hotel, and was recommended by the concierege. A great choice!
     They were not overly busy, so we walked right in at 6:30 pm and seated at a quied table for two. My wife started with a bloody mary...it must have been a drink and an appetizer! House vodka, and on top there was a cold boiled shrimp, three giant olives, a whole pickled okra, a green bean, a slice of lemon, a slice of lime, and a whole stalk of celery.
     Our entrees were superb. She had swordfish and I had lump crab in artichoke cheese sauce. Finally, an apple pastry and cookies for dessert. Tag, tax, title, and tip under $100.Food: 4.8-4.9 debatable
Service: 4.0
Interior design/atmosphere: 4.5
We were on the way to Luke when we found out there was almost an hour wait. Trenasse had been on our "to visit" list, anyway, so we hopped across the street. Luckily, we got there right before dinner was about to start, in time for the brunch menu. My sister ordered oysters on the half shell and the blue crab bisque, while my mother ordered the Spicy Chicken Salad and a cup of the Soup du Jour, which was a Cauliflower Apple Cinnamon bisque. I ordered the Blue Crab Omelet with a side of stir fried veggies instead of potatoes. 
Oysters: I personally do not like oysters, but I tried one and it was delicious. Fresh and with that sparkle this dish needs to have. Acme's was a terrible experience while Felix was great, but I think Trenasse's oysters were surprisingly my favorite.
Blue Crab Bisque: Fantastic. Came out exactly as we ordered. 
Soup du Jour: sweet, but not too much. The cinnamon and the sweetness/tanginess of the apple was well balanced with the texture of the bisque. 
Blue Crab Omelet: Rich. They did not skimp on the crab content, to be sure. It was kind of heavy for me, because I don't normally eat cheese, and the sodium was a bit high, but the overall taste was delicious and worth the price. I think the star of my order was the stir fried veggies that I asked to replace the potatoes, though. The veggies were fresh and seasoned perfectly. 
Spicy Chicken Salad: this was the one part of the order we experienced difficulties with, as the waitress forgot about it and it came later during our meal. It came in a deep bowl.
Nola Hopitoulas IPA: Fantastic, according to my sister. I'm not much of a beer drinker. Ordered for the novelty of a New Orleans brewed beer, but enjoyed for the taste. She did find a male hair in the first glass, but they addressed the issue accordingly and in an appropriate, polite manner. She received a new can of the IPA, with the first beer comped.
Hot Green Tea: hot water with a Twinings decaf green tea bag. Not much else to say.
This meal was a treat, and made my mother and I realize the difference between 'someone who cooks' and a 'chef'. My dish and the chicken salad was a little bit salty, but I imagine anyone else would find it Perfect, as I tend to eat blandly for American standards. The Oysters were fresh, and the IPA delicious. 
Overall, would definitely recommend. Very likely to come by again next time I'm in the area.Over priced and TERRIBLE service. Had 7:30 pm reservations but waited almost 30 minutes for a table while we saw multiple tables sitting empty. I understand that they attempt to coordinate requests and two person tables must rank lowest of all - less income generated maybe?  When we finally got seated we ordered appetizers, of which one was NEVER served until after we had almost completed our main course. The waitress was nice enough to "remove it from your bill" like she was doing us a big favor!  First trip to New Orleans and already major disappointment. Should have listened to previous reviews that addresses the terrible service. The entrees tasted fine but kind of hard to mess up a ribeye. Never eating here ever again and wouldn't recommend it to anyone.We stopped by here for a quick happy hour before dinner. The grilled oysters were fabulous, and the boudin balls were tasty. Fried pig ears were on the house. Overall, an excellent happy hour choice!Perfection!  The depths of flavors were delicious everything was just the best highly recommend the wedge salad and the shortribsIts great food. Honestly, what did it for me was the whole yellowtail snapper which was the special of the day. A fantastic happy hour! 5$ hurricanes and well drinks. The baked oysters are phenomenal. Food is good, happy hour is great. Easy reservations on opentable, and the most amazing desert is the bread pudding. OmgGroup work dinner. Nice private spot for our crowd. Attentive service. Great raw bar and boudin balls. Crab Trio was good but did not necessarily highlight the crab in the way I thought it would. Desserts were outstandingThe food was good...it was most likely two dollar signs for the upper class though. AND not only are the plates around 30$ each but the portion sizes are extremely small!! Oh and my cousin got sick off of their Mac and cheese.Every part of our evening here was wonderful. The service, the entertainment, the restaurant decor and of course, the food! The best pert is the food. 
Broiled oysters: best
Bbq shrimp: flavor country
Crawfish pie: fantastic
Braised short ribs: wonderful
Desserts: perfect
Did not disappoint!Fantastic food!  Drinks are good too.  We had both the Bloody Mary and mimosa, very tasty.  The atmosphere is calm and relaxing too.  I love the Cajun food with an upscale twist.We went here for a bottomless brunch during a trip to NOLA not long ago and were pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant was located inside the Intercontinental Hotel and was a trendy spot.  Our waiter also happened to be from NJ and he was incredible - we never had an empty glass of champagne.  Notice I said champagne versus mimosa - he was willing to keep pouring the bubbly sans orange juice! That is always a good sign.  I had the shrimp and grits, which was packed with flavor. I didn't realize I would like grits so much.  My friends had a huge platter of char-grilled oysters, which were also delicious.  This place was great value - a two hour bottomless brunch with awesome food, and I don't think any of us spent more than $30.00.Wow! Very good food and service. Our server Falon was very attentive. She knows the menu very well. Crab bisque, house salad, and I had grouper fish of the day it was cooked to perfection and presented beautifullyIncredibly good brunch! Super impressed with the quality of food, creative menu, and the bottomless mimosas! The homemade biscuits are spot on! Service was very good. We'll be adding this to our list of regular brunch places!Good service and food. the Raw Combo "Entrée" was really excellent!