Cute place. Got the Italian American.  French bread has a heavenly crunch. Love sandwiches made with vinaigrettes, but the cream cheese just overwhelmed the sandwich.  I had to scrape it off. Kind of pricey (fried bologna  $10.50; really). Consider expanding the menu because the options are too few in a town that knows a great sandwich.Yum! Fried Bologna Sandwich was unreal. The wedge salad with everything bagel seasoned dressing, fresh dill and bacon lard bits. Decadent, quick, delicious.  Perfect lunch spot with outdoor seating. Puppy friendly!Highly recommend the wedge salad and collard green melt, ridiculously good. Love the sense of humor the staff has from the year round Christmas tree to the animal table markers. Love all the repurposed furniture.Damn, I'm not sure to start with this place. I was here with the whole band and tried a little bit of everything---and without exception, everything was completely awesome. The bologna sandwich stands out, but the tacos I think were my favorite. Don't leave without trying the deviled eggs, and for god's sake, order a cabbage salad for the table.Def on of the most innovative restaurants in Nola!  These guys bring it full throttle!  The deep Fried Chicken Pot Pie is to die for.  Highly recommendBeen here once, but don't think I'll be back. I had read about this place in Bon Appetit so I had high expectations. As a visitor to New Orleans, there is a lot of competition for stomach space.
I had a late lunch on a weekday. There was a film crew here taking up a corner of the restaurant. The place was pretty packed. 
I ordered the fried bologna and deviled eggs. 
- The fried bologna was good, but I got sick of the sweetness halfway into the large sandwich. Textures were great.
- I liked the fried chicken skins on top of the deviled eggs more than the eggs. Doesn't everybody? 
I was a bit confused after I got my order where the utensils or even napkins were. The film crew equipment had mostly obscured the shelf/wall that housed this stuff and since I was dining alone, I couldn't easily step away from my food to ask and there was a queue. 
It's a fun stop, especially if you like to try new places/highly rated places.  Take more people with you if you can so you can try variety.I want to come back and try it all!!!! Had the wedge salad, it's amazing! Loved the retro glassware and plates. The whole place is adorable!The Italian sandwich was pretty good.  However, the cabbage salad was so dam spicy, I could not eat it.  The description said something about jalapeño vinaigrette, not a million jalapenos in the salad and spicier than heck!  I like the idea of you, but I could not eat my food.  You deserve to do well, but not my cup of tea.OMG. It's like a time machine back to after school lunch at a friends house c 1986. I destroyed the fried bologna sandwich. Almost stole the plate. The soft serve and chocolate shell with chips was so good it didn't even get photographed. Loved the place!Really yummy cocktails and the greens and coleslaw melt sandwich was SO GOOD!  I went on a quiet Wednesday night, so not much "ambience". But the food was great!These sandwiches are dank as shit. If you don't like dank sandwiches, don't come here, because you're an idiot. 
10/10 would recommend over eating your own farts.Great neighborhood gem.  This place is a renovated gas station done up in a 50's 60's theme down to the silverware and glasses.  Food is way above average.  Drinks are thoughtfully crafted and executed.  We have already been back 2 times and with it being seated in our neighborhood will be back again!So. Good. Believe the hype! I had the fried bologna sandwich and deviled eggs and they were sublime. Some of the best bites of food I've had. I came in the afternoon, no line, easy parking, friendly service. Highly highly recommend.Best fried bologna sandwich EVER!!  This was a fun little quirky place. Follow them on Instagram they are hilarious!Very interesting sandwiches. The turkey cran was really good but pretty small and very mayo-y. The salad was probably the best part - lots of crunchy things and bit a of kick.This place is really neat. Frog salt and pepper shaker: plus for this frog lover. Sweet tea: stamp of approval from this Southern girl. Sweet potato sandwich super delicious (just a tadddd spicy if you're a wimpy baby like me). Turkey and cranberry - really good. Bread wasn't as fancy as if hoped on the turkey, but the softness was good (kindof one of those baguettes you get from the grocery store to make deli sandwiches at home). Bread perfect on sweet potato one. Very cool inside, small, but outside seating. Cool "numbers" for your orders with small figurines -so saw a triceratops and a raptor, though we had wolves I think. Small menu, but pretty great! Overall would come again! Especially for that sweet potato sandwich and tea!Amazing!  Was at a conference and came here for lunch based on a recommendation from a friend. We had the Fried bologna sandwich and cabbage salad both of which were amazingly good. It was like stepping back into the 70s but having a chef and not a mom preparing your food. It was so good that we came back again the next day with friends to try basically everything else on the menu. The grilled collard green was by far my favorite.Very cozy, got a veggie sandwich and a cabbage spicy salad. Both good, the salad perhaps was too spicy and I didn't really digest easily! Overall very nice.Absolutely delicious! Lamb roti, kids grilled cheese and the lettuce wedge!!! Yummmmmy!! Everyone was so nice and super sweet to our toddler and they gave him a sweet slap bracelet with  emoji on it!  kept him entertained for the hour! The lamb is so tasty and goes really well with the yogurt and cucumbers! So happy I got that! We met the owner (who is probably the funniest person alive)! Love this place. And the plate ware and glasses are all 90's to the extreme!Turkey and Wolf is very much worth the hype! I love everything about this restaurant from their delicious food to the cheerful employees and quirky décor. My friend and I shared a fried bologna sandwich and a wedge salad. The portions were huge and we were certainly stuffed by the end of the meal. The bologna sandwich was unlike any bologna sandwich I've had before and the chips that come inside the sandwich make it special. The wedge salad was topped with a poppy seed seasoning that took the salad to a whole new level...so dang good!  I would recommend coming for a late lunch to avoid the long line/wait. What a gem to the lower garden district!Yum!!! Line was out the door and to the corner of the street, took 30 minutes to order a sandwich and get a table. Get a beer at the bar inside to drink while in line if you're antsy. I split the fried bologna sandwich and Italian American with a friend. We loved them both, deviled eggs are also a must. The staff were friendly and helpful.Perfect funky sandwich plate. I got the lamb neck roti with cucumber, yogurt and onions and my friend got the delicious collard green melt. Both sandwiches were great, but if I were to do it over, I'd get the collard green melt. It was just too good. 
Prices are good, service is fast and the inside is charming and funky. The sandwiches are all served on curated vintage plates (my sandwich was served on a delicate floral plate and my friends was served on a collectible Ronald McDonald's plate, if that gives you any idea). Will definitely be returning soon!Absolutely fantastic sandwiches, but the fried pot pie might be the best thing I've ever put in my mouth!The collard green melt sandwich is a revelation. Like a reuben, but with collards instead of meat. A friend said the deviled eggs were amazing but were so good she refused to share!  Also loved the funky vibe. A must-do on any trip to NoLa.So, I have been wanting to try this place for a long time.  After shopping, I decided to stop in for lunch.  Boy was I disappointed.  I ordered the Italian American sandwich.  Seeing all the sandwiches coming out, I thought to myself that I was in for it bc they looked so huge.  Wrong.  My sandwich was literally 2 pieces of meat on a cold hoagie roll.  Now there were tons of shredded lettuce, and a couple banana peppers as well.  There was also the cream cheese spread - LOTS OF IT - so much of it that the spread was shooting out of the sides of the bread.  I guess they put so much on there bc the flavor is so overpowering that you won't notice that you paid almost $15 for 2 pieces of meat, a pepper, and a bun.  A lady at the table by me had the wedge salad and it looked delicious.  I will give the place another try just for that salad, but the sandwiches (at least that sandwich) leaves a lot to be desired.  I could have went around the corner to Stein's and got a similar sandwich with 5 times the meat on it, with chips and a drink for less money.  
Overprices and over hyped for sure.  If you want a good salad - go for the wedge.  If you want a good sandwich - go down the street to Stein's - it's cheaper and a much better value for the money.Seriously a hidden gem of the city! This unique take on sandwiches matches flavors that make you want one of everything on the menu! Don't be fooled by the small and quaint feel of this restaurant because it packs a massive punch to its competitors! I was taken away by how delicious the food was! I cant wait to go again! I highly recommend!It's worth the trip and any wait! Everything we had was unexpected and phenomenal. Highly recommend the Fried Bologna, the Collard greens sandwich, and the Lamb Neck Roti. Yummm!Sandwiches are delightfully life altering. These guys get it right. Line to the street when I got there 1 minute past opening time! Go hungry, but not so hungry a line will deter you. It IS worth the wait. I love how funky-casual it is. Like visiting some artsy cool friends for lunch.
If you're not alone, use your time in line to decide what Two sandwiches look interesting to Both of you and split, cuz you're gonna' wish you had more than a bite of the one you didn't choose.
They are all just so right on the mark that you didn't know existed.
P.S. YUM!Service and setting was very nice. All the food was made well, but they missed the mark a bit. Wish i could give 3.5 instead of 3 stars. Here's a rundown of my experience:
-Chicken fried steak sandwich would have been a home run, but with the pepper jelly, slaw, and sauce, there was way too much going on taste wise. It wasn't a cohesive sandwich and the flavors did not meld well. The chicken fried steak itself was great, however.
-Tacos inauthenticos. How stoned was the person who came up with this? It was difficult to taste anything beyond the sour cream, hot sauce, and American cheese. Was expecting the head cheese to be the star of the show.
-McMuffin was a winner, it's everything McDonald's wishes they were. Very on point.
-Crab boil roll was different and delicious. I would come back for this.
-Deviled eggs with chicken skin were pretty good, although nothing to write home about.
All in all, they have great potential, but many dishes are poorly executed and a little too busy. I'd try them again in the future, but they weren't my favorite.Tried Turkey and the Wolf for the first time today. Oh my goodness!! We'll certainly be back. Shared a wedge salad and bologna sandwich. The wedge was probably the best I've ever tasted. The bologna sandwich was like a flavor packet bursting in my mouth. Amazing lunch experience. Highly recommend this eatery!Well, this highly acclaimed new Restaurant is all the buzz, so we were excited to try it. Sorry but we were let down, starting with blaring mindless rap(?) pounding and impossible to listen to.  It might be my age as we were clearly the oldest In the crowd but I'm pretty open.  Couldn't find many/any meaty choices so my wife and I split the ham sandwich and deviled eggs with fried  chicken skins...on a whim. The sandwich was good because of the sauce but on an ordinary po-boy bun.  Not very innovative. The deviled eggs "yolk" was creamy - maybe too runny. Certainly no unique taste.  As for the chicken skins?  Exactly what I expected and unfortunately that wasn't much. Tasted exactly like you took grocery store rotisserie chicken skin and deep fried it.  On the plus side, it was light and crunchy and didn't taste like KFC original recipe, so I was pleasantly surprised. I was going to order a cocktail from an interesting list of about 8 specialties, but opted for the $3 PBR tall boy.  Nice and cold.  Glad it was good because it seemed to me that for each hard liquor drink, they started with a good foundation but mucked it up with a sweet creamy liqueur.  Decided not to go that route so we left while our hearing was still intact.Interesting combinations of flavors, and we enjoyed them all. The sweet potato sandwich was probably the favorite of the table. The baba ganoush was tasty, the bread is purpose-baked. Desserts are soft serve ice cream based concoctions, and all are a good choice.Holy cow! I had the ham sandwich. Probably the best sandwich I've ever had. The 2 year old cheddar on it was incredible! I had a bite of my lady's collard green melt and that was just as delicious as mine. Friendly staff great service. I think I'll have to go back at least one more time before my trip ends. Thank you to my buddy Kenny, tattooer at Hell or High Water, for the recommendation. Oh, and the water cups are Tupperware!If you love exploring and trying new foods, definitely check this place out! That being said, the menu is very limited and every offering is very experimental, so it might be hard finding something for everybody. Everything on the menu is done well, and it is certainly memorable and worth trying. I had the fried chicken pot pie, and it was delicious, although a bit small and not so filling for the price. Everyone at my table enjoyed their meal!Wow, just wow.  Don't be scared,  just go for it.  I'm describing my first cheesy collard greens sandwich with slaw.  It's like a Ruben, but not really.  The eclectic atmosphere is an experience you have to have.Food was great, but male cashier had an attitude. It is a huge menu that needs a little explaining. The waiter and waitress were extremely helpful. There are many places to get a great sandwich, so be kind and understanding to your customers as they will have questions! Patience is a virtue!Great food, "home" cooking with an inspired twist.  Had the wedge salad and the collard green sandwhich both were terrific and shared with others in my group.  Down side had nothing to do with the food but be prepared to wait. Crowded, inadequate seating and if you want a refill of your iced tea you need to get the bartender to do that and she was already vey busy making/ pouring cocktails, beer and wine for everyone else. Still try to get by this place wait staff was really busy but friendly and professional.This is a little hole in the wall with a small eclectic sandwich menu. You stand in line to order and then find a table. We had to hover over some people dawdling over their meal to get a table but we received our food quickly after snagging a table. I had the ham sandwich but subbed mustard for the seasoned mayo. The drizzle of cranberry sauce added a nice touch of sweet and tangy to the sandwich. My son had it with the mayo and was very pleased with the blend of flavors. My daughter in law had the fried bologna sandwich which is piled high with lettuce and homemade potato chips between two slices of Texas toast. She proclaimed it to be the best sandwich she had ever eaten!I ordered the ham sandwich, and as much as I wanted to like (and eat)  it, there was way too much mayo on it (and that's all I could taste). The deviled eggs were good. Nothing too special.This place is so fun and quirky and the food is amazing. The bologna sandwich is everything it is hyped up to be. And the staff is so friendly! Highly recommend!There is a reason everyone is talking about this place. You will not be disappointed. Delicious, incentive food. Looking forward to trying more! Portions were perfect and flavor was incredible!!!I can't stop thinking about the fried bologna sandwich.  It's overly cheesy, the bread is overly buttery and the sandwich is overly wonderful.  Warning - if eating this during lunch, you WILL suffer from a series case of ITIS when you go back to work.  Do yourself a favor and split the bologna sandwich and the ham sandwich with a friend - because that's what I did and I have zero regrets.  That smoked ham is oh so juicy and that specialty sourced bun from Virginia or whatever the heck the chef was talking about is ON PERNT.  This place has little quirks in every cranny of decor. The cups reminded me of the ones I used at lunch in my elementary school.  Everything seems vintage so maybe they ARE the cups from my elementary school.  I can't wait to return and try literally everything else.Hands down the best Wedge Salad we have ever had! Drinks were creative as is all the food. Tried several items - can't go wrong ordering anything on menu. Love the fun and quirkiness. This is now a must stop list every trip to NOLA from now on.My coworker and I went to the Turkey and the Wolf during our lunch and let me just say this sandwich was one of the best unique sandwich I have ever eaten!!! I will visit Turkey and the Wolf again!!!After reading all the hoopla about this joint my friend and I came to see what all the fuss was about. I ordered the only thing on the menu that I thought was worth $10 plus for a sandwich with no side item. I ordered the lamb neck roti off of a recommendation from another friend. The roti was excellent, very rich and surprisingly filling. My friend ordered the wedge salad that was huge. The "wedge" is about a half a head lettuce filled with an abundance of blue cheese dressing and everything bagel topping for crunchiness. Rodney D. was eating that salad for an hour before he was able to finish. The salad is so big that its better served as an appetizer split with friends than an entree dish. The housemade blue cheese dressing was so rich that poor Rodney had a plumbing problem later in the day, beware. All in all I like the place but hope that they keep the small menu updated with different and more interesting sandwiches to try.Thank you for the best sandwich ever! The country fried chicken sandwich was incredible. The tacos were fire and the fried pot pie still has my stomach smiling. The Sunny D margarita was awesome. The vibe is just what you need and Lauren Holton, the owner, is a stud. Do yourself a favor and feed your soul with some Turkey and the Wolf.YOU NEED TO GO HERE! This funky little restaurant makes the best sandwiches in New Orleans. Everyone needs a good sandwich.An amazing food experience! I would recommend to all, their sandwiches are spectacular! We were visiting and went out of our way to walk here, easily the best food experience we had. And the drinks were pretty amazing too.The chicken fried steak sandwich is honestly one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my entire life. 
UPDATE: apparently they've stopped serving this amazing sandwich... so sad and I'm not sure why because even they admitted it's their best seller. I'll be keeping my eye on their social media for other good looking food, but until something catches my eye I won't be back.This place deserves much of its hype! According to Bon Appetit it's the best new restaurant of 2017! It's tough to be named the best anything. The magazine review is why I chose this place for lunch during my trip to Nola. 
Let's get to the food though! The Fried Bologna sandwich was delicious AF! Haven't had a bologna sandwich since elementary school... After Turkey and The Wolf, I won't look at Bologna sandwiches the same. They make their own Bologna..this isn't that "my bologna has a first name mess." The sandwich has potato chips in between incredibly fresh bread. They took a mediocre sandwich and perfected it. And at $10.50 they aren't trying to drain your wallet. 
I also tried the collard green melt. It's another thing that makes this place really unique. All this places menu items go together really well. You can tell a chef came up with these ingenious ideas!
The wait wasn't too long on a Monday. People can get really aggressive trying to claim an open table when it's packed during peak lunch hours. There aren't many seats. Only four seats at their bar. Get here before or after the lunch rush if you can! 
Never thought I'd say this but I can see myself craving a bologna sandwich!I've been looking forward to eating here ever since I read the Bon Appetit article, and I was not disappointed! We got the bologna sandwich and the Italian American and both were amazing (my wife thought they were a little heavy handed with the respective sauces), and we ate everything which is impressive given the size of the sandwiches. The restaurant is also well set up to handle the large influx of people that happens as soon as it opens with a separate bar to order your second drink without getting trapped in a long line. Highly recommend but get there early!Had the collared green melt.  A wee bit too much mayo.  Otherwise excellent.  If you go before 12 on a weekday it's not too crowded.  And they brought my sandwich out in like 5 minutes.My fried bologna has a first name it's T-U-R-K-E-Y...when your umbrella is inverted and full of sprinkles you must use your tongue! Had to try the fried bologna sandwich at the 2017 Best New Restaurant... not disappointed!I saw this place on "Somebody Feed Phil" and had to make it a point to try this place out. This place outstanding!!. Has a cool hipster vibe. The food was amazing. Well worth the 40 dollar uber ride! -If you're ever in New Orleans and want some lunch, I highly recommend this place. We ordered the lamb rot a sandwich with chips, and key lime pie on icecream. The line up was long but moved quickly. I noticed the owner sitting in the back corner (recognized​ him from Somebody Feed Phil) he was observing the crowd​ and seemed to be working on his laptop.Cute neighborhood lunch spot - tried the handheld chicken pot pie, the greens melt, deviled eggs and cabbage salad. All winners. Very tasty and not your typical lunch spot.  I'd definitely come back here when in the Irish Channel. 
Con-no coffeeReally amazing sandwiches. Well worth the 15 minute wait in line. The fried bologna sandwich is one of the greatest things I've ever tasted and I HATE bologna. Cocktail was awesome. The only thing I wished was that they had more local beer options.I didn't  expect  to like this place, hence, no pictures. Well they proved me wrong. The menu is very small, but you really can't go wrong. The only thing I can really complain about  is the high price for a sandwich, which does not come with anything....no chips, no fries , no salad. Just a sandwich (not even over stuffed). Our table ordered the deviled eggs with chicken skin, collard green sandwich, ham sandwich  and the pot pie. We all tasted each  other's food. I must say that I did not expect to like the collard sandwich, but it was excellent! The filling on the pot pie was delicious as well. The eggs were worth a repeat. The ham sandwich  was the 2nd overall table favorite. Expect a line when you go unless the weather permits outside seating.I thought the place would have a turkey sandwich but it's just in the name. Lol. The meatloaf sandwich was really good. They are definitely good sized sandwiches.The seasoning and flavors are wonderful. They serve complex menu items. I'm assuming the menu changes frequently and there's not a lot of selection. However the sauces and flavor combos are genius.Hmm I understand the hype and glad I stopped by as I was in NOLA. It was not too busy on a Saturday around 2pm. Got the Ham sandwich and it was packed with flavor. I am not a big mayo and cranberry person, but it was till good. It just felt like my sandwich was soaked in it. At first the sandwich alone did not look like it would fill you up, but it certainly satisfied my appetite.
My friends got the Fried Bologna which in retrospect, was more my thing. The bread is thicker, but not as drenched in the mayo as the Ham sandwich.It's hip, it's different, and if you're in New Orleans for a few days it's definitely worth a stop because the food is really great. Enjoyed sitting at the bar where you can see them chefing up everything in the kitchen for their small but well composed menu. Would go back with a group and split a few things to really sample what they've got.Deliciously eclectic menu! I got the lamb roti and our table shared the devil eggs. This is a must for lunch if you're in NOLA, you won't regret it. Keep in mind, you're options are very limited if you're vegetarian / vegan.Loved the wedge salad! Great place for lunch. We have seafood allergies and this place was one of the only places we could find that didn't serve seafoodFirst time customer even though I live 5 blocks away.  I'll be back many times.  Had the Collard Green Melt.  Easily one of the best sandwiches Ive ever had.  Got it to go, very busy place.  Great staff, very nice.Creative and yummy food! I never thought of making collards into a sandwich, but it's delicious. The cabbage salad was positively inspired. Great service, but casual. No reservations- prepare to stand in line with happy people for awhile. Very limited seating, too. Maybe take-out is a good plan. But you should eat here.Awesome lunch
On this NewOrleans trip I've dined at three fine dining dinner spots and Turkey and the Wolf served my best meal. Collard melt rules!Oooo baby, believe the hype!!!! Arrived at 11:30am, 30 min after they opened, and the place was already packed and with a line out of the door. We ordered the collard melt and the fried bologna sandwich. So good. A funky joint with awesome flavors. Off the main drag a touch but that doesn't keep the tourists away who have found out about this place!!! Worth it, though. These guys slay the sandwich game.This is the place you go for an intimate, fun, lunch date or break from the rat race!  I had the Fried Bologna Sandwich and it was amazing!!   Wife had the fried pot pie and it too did not disappoint!  If your coming to NOLa this is a must !We showed up at 11 am and the line was long waiting for the restaurant to open. It was busy but it moves quick! We ordered the collard greens sandwich and it was so good!Great place for stoner food. Greasy but delightful. Share a couple with your friends, because there are so many awesome combinations of flavors and textures to enjoy. 
Last time I was there the collard melt/club was the winner. Don't forget to try non-sandwich items. Wash down with cold beer, and stop before you feel full because you will have something awesome to eat later when you are drinky.We got the fried bologna and the collard green patty melt. The collard green sandwich was literally the best sandwich I've ever had. I almost ordered a second one it was so good. We got lucky and didn't have a wait. The cocktail were perfectly done as well!Ate here today. My friend recommended the place. Was so good! I tasted everything on the table.Didn't live up to the hype. The place looks kind of like a generic bywater "rustic corner store," and the food was over seasoned and still unflavorful. The bread wasn't even substantial, it kind of disappeared into the thousand island dressing that my sandwich was swimming in. I didn't try the drinks though, and the staff seemed friendly. Save your money, go to Cochin Butcher.Came across this place on instagram a couple of weeks ago and I knew I was going to New Orleans soon so I decided it would a great place to check out for lunch...I was not disappointed, it was awesome...the atmosphere was just my style, right down to the Big Tymers playing in the background...I had the Asparagus and my 3 year old had a grilled cheese, which were both delicious...can't wait to take my husband!!!AMAZING sandwiches, ice cold PBR & a fun funky dining experience- you have GOT to get there if you go to NOLASaw this on 'Somebody Feed Phil' which is a Netflix classic if you haven't seen it before.
A very eclectic stop.when in New Orleans. The winner was the fried bologna sandwich... it was excellent. My cousin had the asparagus sandwich that she loved. I had the chicken pot pie, which was interesting and good..... but wished I had picked the bologna!!Delicious wedge salad, great soft ice cream desserts with mostly savory toppings! Everything looked very appetizing, hard to choose!The only thing I really enjoyed here was a special drink of the day that had lemonade, cranberry and earl grey tea. The Italian meat sandwich barely had meat on it. The decor is cute, quaint, serve yourself type digs. Minimal parking. Not worth the hype.We had the Italian and ham sandwiches.  Tacos and deviled eggs with chicken skins. I thought all of the sauces, spices and herbs on everything were excellent. 
A $12.50 Italian sub sandwich is a bit pricey. 
2 sandwiches, I deviled egg appetizer, 3 tacos and a cocktail came out to $54.  There is Heros Subs in Chicago where a ham sub with extra ham runs about $6.50. A much better value and the taste compares favorably with any sub in the USA. This New Orleans establishment is busy and needs a bit more a/c on hot days. I've been here once and will probably not return because I think it's overpriced.It's not fair that there not enough places like this around.
The food is amazing and with a solid flavor down to the last grain. So good that I can even *feel* every amylase was rejoicing on every break down of the food. Serious happiness.
And I'm not even a sandwich person! Well I wasn't, until I had sandwiches here. Holy delish!
The eggs and the meatloaf are a must- but I'm so sad my stomach and my stay in NOLA wasn't big or long enough to do it all.
The staff is chill and the atmosphere was relaxed. The people who visit look like Nola locals. Always gotta love that :).