We arrived in New Orleans quite late at night and were excited to start trying the local cuisine. But it was 2am. Plenty of bars were open but no restaurants. We tried Coop first but its kitchen had closed. So we went a couple doors down to Turtle Bay. Their gumbo definitely hit the spot. It was very flavorful, a bit on the salty side, but went well with the huge piece of garlic bread that came with each cup of soup. Sweet potato fries came with powdered sugar. And buffalo wings were perfect! They weren't overly fried and were still tender inside. Love this place!We had a great eating experience at T B ,the waitress was very accomdating & helpful to explain choices on menu, gave suggestions of Best Selling Dishes. THE 3 CHEESE & THE BLUE CHEESE BURGERS WERE AWESOME!  ALSO TASTED THE BUFFALO CHICKEN SALAD W/ DRESSING (given a large portion,enough to share,well worth the price &  giving a try!) TRIED cup of Gumbo too served with a fresh piece of buttered Frenchbread. A very pleasant lunch & not over priced. *only issue was LOUD Music,hard to dine with light conversation *NOTE:. THE Gumbo did have a Vinegar to Sour Taste upon 1st taste, infomed waitress and they did NOT charge us for it--in fact told the cooks in the Kitchen as they appreciated the issue! Overall a GREAT place to checkout! Rate 4 stars, you will be pleased!
FOOTNOTE: ** SPIRITS  Restaurant is also the " Sister" Establishment of TB, located  @ 615 Bourbon St, heart of FQ. SIMILAR MENUSo much beer! The bartender is so nice and was very patient with us.... letting us sample several before we finally chose a few to try. 
This is a classic NOLA dive with dogs running around and regular locals. 
It's in such a good location too right on the other side of the French Market. I can't wait to recommend this to visitors. =)I was just in New Orleans for Mardi Gras and stopped here for some crawfish. It was the worst crawfish I have ever tasted. They tasted like they had been frozen. They were soft, half of them were broken, they tasted like they were old. The service was just as bad. The server never stopped by to even fill our waters or ask how things were. I was so disappointed and disgusted for stopping here to get the taste of authentic New Orleans crawfish. If you are in New Orleans for a visit or live there, do yourself a favor and take your business elsewhere, it was a terrible experience eating here.24 hour spot!  Nachos were amazing. We had to order a second order. The guy waiter was super friendly.One of my friends loves this place so we went and the way he raved about it, I just knew it was going to be the best food ever.  We tried the bbq pizza which was too sweet. It was almost like honey was on it.  The dough was really crispy also.  I wasn't a fan.  I tried some of his gumbo also but didn't like that either...it tasted dull.  We ordered delivery another time and it was slightly better.  We had the meatlovers which was slightly better.  He ordered the same nasty gumbo which was still nasty when I tried it.  We also tried the wings.  The wings were the best part but still not great. The wings saved the day for this review not being 1 star.Does Everyone in nola give 4 or more stars to every place?? People must be nice here. Third time I get suckered into going somewhere based on rating and I'm not even picky. These place blows pizza looks like garbage would have preferred dominos.Great pizza, AWESOME creamy potato skins, good salad.  Nice atmosphere, ok bathrooms.  Had a blast here.  (we came here because Coop's was packed).Nice post-goth spot on Decatur.  Stop in while on the way to Molly's, have a drink.  If you don;t like what you see, you can find the door rather easily.Wonderful experience!  Hubby and I went just as a reaction to all of the positive feedback on the pizza, and they are SO right!  Excellent pizza and the frozen margaritas were terrific as well.  Steve and PJ, the bartenders were very attentive and went out of their way to make sure everything was great.  Will recommend and will go again!I absolutely love this place,  the food is soo delicious.  The pizzas are the best I've ordered like 5 in 1 week. The prices are resonable.  The staff is pretty cool.Delicious burgers cooked to perfection! Great beer selection. Our bartender (Eric) was the man! Super chill, took great care of us, and played some great 90's music. This place was exactly what we needed after a long night of dancing and drinking!I have to admit, I was expecting the more commercialized 'Spirits' experience on Bourbon Street since it is the same company. This place had a more local vibe. Lots of locals who were friendly and happy to welcome us to their 'clubhouse' as they put it. Our bartender Rachel was attentive, friendly and handled the crowd professionally while engaging every customer and keeping the drinks coming...fast. Decent selection of bar food and pizzas. Great selection of local beer on tap, one of the best in the area. Prices were very affordable. Will definitely be back.Hands down our favorite spot in NOLA!!!! Kitchens open all night. The fried mushroom are amazing. I must've ate four baskets during our stay!! Excellent service...and the RESURRECTION, omg. The glass lights up and they're really REALLY good!!!The best. It's haunted as well!!!!!!Bar food done right!  The Cochon Po-Boy and Hawaiian pizza were excellent!  I couldn't have imagined that a honey drizzled pizza with a coconut dusted crust would taste so good.  Bartenders were welcoming, engaging, and funny.  I especially enjoyed Eric's scooter adventure!  Went there 4 out of my 5 days in New Orleans, was not once disappointed, and would definitely go back again.  Also liked the fact that beer samples from their many taps were available upon request.This is one of my favorite bars in NOLA. I am glad they did not redo this one, like they did Spirits, although the renovation at Spirits is very nice. I just love this divey bar with a beautiful courtyard. I have always had a good time here. The bartenders are friendly, the pizza is very good (and underappreciated), and the drinks are super strong. What else do you need? Love me some Turtle Bay, rock on!Great food. Decent service. Nice that it wasn't totally overrun with tourists. Nachos were great- guacamole was amazing. Drinks are strong. Glad we came here but wish our bill was $10 less.Stumbled upon this little gem late night in NOLA. Looks like a locals hole in the wall bar but don't be fooled. I highly recommend the steak, best steak I have had in a long time. Service was very friendly and polite. Take the time to seek out this spot and you won't be disappointed.Lets see, tried to order for the first time for delivery. I live in the French Quarter. Sat on hold listening to them work in the background for 5 minutes and gave up. Called and spoke with the manager. He did not even care. He called me a Jerk. Great way to treat a local. Word of mouth spreads.  Very rude.Right near the French Market and easy to walk to, Turtle Bay is a tiny little bar with a good number of BEERS on tap, and cozy indoor area, patio out back, a wonderful and friendly staff and AMAZING PIZZA. 
We went there, sat at the bar and sampled a variety of beer while talking to the bartender/owner.  She was extremely friendly.  Even the random people we met inside were nice and we chatted with them.
And the Pizza... INCREDIBLE.  They make it from their own homemade ingredients.  I was completely shocked when I got it, because I expected mediocre bar pizza - but it was outstanding.
If you are near the French quarter and in need of a drink - check out Turtle BayBest nachos I've ever had... This place rocks! A hidden gem that has great food and great service.pizza was great.  service good.  the back patio is a real jewel. I have spent a lot of time in New Orleans and  I really like this place.  Bob Hunter , Tucson ,AzGreat spot! Seems to be locals and a few out of towners looking for a bar just of the beaten path of the craziness of Bourbon St. Both lady bartenders greeted us with a warm smile and asked how we were doing. We honestly just stopped to grab food to go but she was so nice hung out for a beer. Local brew on tap and she recommended a good blend of a pecan and strawberry beer that was delicious!! Definitely worth wandering in to.Turtle Bay is one of the hidden gems in the French Quarter. Tonight is just a typical night at Turtle Bay. Josh and Rachel are keeping the beverages flowing, the steak was awesome and the jukebox is on fire.What a sad state that the bar has sunk so low
..been a patron for 15+ yrs as I used to Bartend next door.. order nachos no chili extra cheese .. the sent out nachos with non melted cheese on top 
I said can you melt my cheese ? The bartender said it's just a garnish .. I've had these nachos maybe 80/90 times over the last two yrs .. just menu my cheese .. don't argue with me and lie .. sadly like so many places lost that local feelingLook, if you're going to charge me $11something for nachos, the plate better be atleast 2 feet high and served with a shovel.  Don't bring me a fajita skillet with 15 chips and plastic forks.  While they were tasty, they definitely left me wanting more.
Amy, our server, was very friendly and fast.this review is based on a pizza delivery only. ordered two pizzas with three toppings each, ordering was easy, pizzas were on time, $40 plus tip. 3 stars on the pizza. Where can I get a great pizza in the quarter if I don't make it myself?I had the roasted garlic chicken pizza delivered to me in the quarter.  Delivery was quick and the delivery guy was polite and pleasant.  The pizza itself was about $20 for a large.  
In comparison to a similar pizza from Angeli's I thought that the chicken itself was better, it was more like a real grilled chicken breast cut up and placed onto the pizza (as opposed to Angeli's, which seemed more like a prepackaged type of chicken you'd get in bulk).  There wasn't much roasted garlic on the pizza, which was a bit of a disappointment.  The cheese was generic, nothing special there.  They did have some nice spices on the pizza though, lots of basil etc.  I agree with the poster below that the crust was the right thickness. 
Overall I'd say the pizza itself was average to above average.This is our go to place for late night food. Open 24 hours , I think. Plus they say they deliver.  
Pizza is really good !! They have a good 20 oz ribeye steak. 16.95. With a small potatoe skin and toast.  Wings,  Caesar Salad and artichoke dip, are all good as well. 
 I use to enjoy the nachos. But not so much now, as they have made them smaller, to fit on a fajita skillet. So they are hard to eat, and all the toppings are on top, so when you get down to the middle,  yep...out of toppings. 
It's a solid place, near market Square. Lots of locals, as it's far from Bourbon.Great wings and burgers. I've never been able to stop in for a drink because I order when I'm working, and I work at a bar.Best $10 steak in NOLA. Come late for the fun camaraderieFantastic place with a great vibe. Immense amount of beer on tap. I'd venture to say the best in NOLA. The boil is out of this world. If you are coming back or too Frenchman why get a dirty water dog when this place is right down the street. Yeah you right, Steve is doing it night after night.I do not understand why anyone would rate this place 5 starts.  Apparently some tourists in New Orleans think that this is some of the best pizza we have to offer.  Don't get me wrong, this place has its redeeming qualities, but it sure isn't the food or the atmosphere.
The 25 beers on tap is the only reason I like this place.  I enjoy beer on tap, its usually fresh and tasty.  Of the 25 options, several are local brews.  When I want to take a stroll through the quarter, I will often come here to grab a to go cup of Abita Purple Haze.  That said, as soon as the beer is in my hand and paid for, I am out.  
I have had the food here once, it wasn't terrible, but I would only eat here if there was absolutely no other option.  The bar is not attractive and there is no other redeeming quality that would make me want to spend time in this place.  I just don't understand why anyone would come here for anything other than a to go cup.Went late night to get some dinner and soak up some hurricanes.. literally the best steak dinner and a side of gumbo ever!! This probably was my favorite meal in Nawlings.. thanksTo look at this place you would never guess that it actually has really good food!  I stopped in here with a friend of mine because we were in the mood for hamburgers.  I got the 8oz dressed burger which came with a cheesy potato.  I ordered it medium, but it was closer to well done.  It was still really good and juicy.  I was surprised as I would never expect good food from a little dive such as this.
We didn't stay for longer than we had time to eat, but from the sports paraphernalia on the walls, I can tell that it's a good place to catch a game and hang out with friends.
I will definitely be going back here to hang out with friends and try some of the other food they have to offer.awesome bartender working the 2-10am shift! Mohawk, burley, amazing. Super friendly, honest, helpful and appreciative. He deserves a gold star!This may be totally the alcohol talking, but Turtle Bay's late night menu totally hits the spot!  It was 2am on Friday night and my friends popped in since it was on our way to our rented apartment.  The bartender welcomed our drunk asses and brought out our order of nachos and pizza pretty quick.  Surprisingly, the nachos and pizza were tastier and more gourmet than expected for bar food that late and we scarfed it down in minutes.We were in NOLA for a bachelor party last week and stayed two doors down from Turtle Bay, so it became our regular spot for the weekend. The service was amazing (Eric was the best bartender we could ask for), the prices were great, and the food was delicious!I love this bar.  Definitely a place that I come to hang out at a lot.  It has decent late-night fare, even if its not the best I've had in the neighborhood.  More importantly, Lee and Brad behind the bar always take great care of their customers, and make the bar an awesome place to start out or wind down the night. It probably doesn't deserve 5 stars, since its a pretty average bar on Decatur, but its my go-to bar, I love the staff and they mix great drinks.  The 5-stars stay.Eric was a really nice bartender! He even let me bum a smoke! He made sure our drinks were full and very friendly! I asked him what was in the Resurrection drink and he kindly told me. I would go back for sure!I don't know if we caught this place on an off night. Other places around were busy; this place was dead. There were maybe 5 other customers other than us. We sat at the bar to order food and drinks. It took about 15 min for the bartender to even come over to us because she was trying to deal with a guy who was refusing to pay for a takeout pizza because it looked so bad. She didn't really offer any solutions though, like offering to get the manager. I don't know what's worse - that she didn't offer to get the manager, or that she might have BEEN the manager! The guy finally ended up leaving because someone else in his party dragged him out. 
My husband asked about the specialty drink, and the bartender just shrugged her shoulders and said, "It's okay". With such a ringing endorsement, we figured we'd just stick with tap beer, which took 10 minutes to get to us, even though we were the only people at the bar. Another 10 minutes passed before the bartender came back to take our order. Or, should I say, my husband's order... she walked away before I had a chance to order food! The burger he ordered was mediocre; he didn't even finish it. I can't comment on food because I didn't get any. We couldn't get out of this place fast enough.Great anytime food, they always pick up always fast, and always have great qaulity! Staff is expectional! Would recommend to others!!!You get a perfectly cooked ribeye and a delicious cheese potato thing at 3am all for $17 bucks....what more could you want from a place?I love the wings here.
My friends and I headed to Decatur after the fireworks display on New Year's Eve and we found ourselves at Pravda. One of our friends said that we should go over to Turtle Bay and order some wings. And it was one of the best decisions in my life.
We came back to Turtle Bay after the Twelfth Night parade on Friday. Actually stayed and ordered food and drinks. We were a big group and we went back in the patio and it was perfect.Stopped at Turtle Bay during Happy Hour today for a drink. My husband found a great craft beer there and friendly bartender Kelly mixed me up a delicious drink based on a few questions about what I like. Great happy hour prices too.This was our first stop in French Quarter late at night and what a gem!!!!!!! Excellent service! Great atmosphere, excellent drinks. The food is really good here, but the wings were the best I've ever had!!!!!Hands down my favorite pizza EVER! This place has amazing food and the drinks are priced nicely. The spinach dip was SO good.... The bartender attending us could have been nicer but maybe he wasn't having the best day. The rest of the staff was friendly and informative. Overall, I would def recommend this place!I've been to this bar on a couple of trips to NOLA now, and I'll definitely go again. Cute back patio and lots of beers on tap. My sole complaint and the reason for the 4 star rating is the women's bathroom. Just disgusting. Blah.I had a birthday party here, and it was so much fun. The food was exceptionally good quality for bar food. The servers were very accommodating and friendly. Even if you want to watch a game I would recommend it! They have the best pizza in the French Quarter, and from what I've been told the best steak too. The cheeseburger pizza is to die for, so I would put that on the top of my list to try if you decide to visit!Favorite dive in the Lower Quarter. Great bartenders. Good drink prices. Really tasty burgers and wings. Love the buffalo chicken salad. We stop in weekly and find Turtle Bay consistently a good choice.We passed this place while walking around the quarter last week. My wife loves turtles and she said we had to try this place. We had delivery service to our hotel. We ordered wings and the hawaiian pizza. That was the best pizza I ever had, the coconut shavings and honey on the crust were fantastic. My wife said the wings were some of the best she had ever had as well. Delivery was within a reasonable amount of time and pricing was fair. Next time we are in town we want to go in to this place.Tell Corey to make you the fire ass drink. you won't regret it. that walk back to the hotel was something else! oh the food was bomb too but he was the highlight of the trip real nice fella.A great spot to hang - definitely grab that Hangover Breakfast Pizza. Superb start to the day. 
Eric the bartender is fantastic and he makes a mean Bloody Mary and hurricane. Love!From the outside driving by it looks like a dive bar. The pizza they make is awesome.Okay we visited the turtle bay twice on our visit in Nola the bar is like a hood bar nothing special about it. I ordered a Jim bean and soda. it was just beam and soda, no problem there. I ordered the BBQ bacon and Cheddar burger it was good as hell. 1/2 pound burger cooked well, juicy. It was on point. The 2nd night i ordered the cochon potato skins it was good my husband also ordered the combo pizza . nice crispy crust. Yes it may look like a dive bar but the service was great and also the food. So never judge a book by it's cover.Visited Turtle Bay on a recommendation from a waiter at another local restaurant. We were looking for a place with a variety of beer off-Bourbon Street. 
Turtle Bay is near the French Market and has that local bar feel. We had lunch on a Sunday, where they had 4 football games being played simultaneously. They have 25 beers on tap, including beer from all four of the local breweries. They have a limited menu, but the food was FANTASTIC! A simple burger hit the spot with a nice local ale. They also serve pizza, that looked phenomenal.
Would definitely recommend this place!What Is: 1 star
Sorry...had to change my rating.  New owner, new manager, new craptastic menu.  If you like the Bourbon St bars with the jalapeno poppers, non descript chicken fingers, overpriced drinks and indifferent bartenders...you'll love it!
What Was: 5 stars
**************************************************************************
I'm so sorry Turtle Bay that I waited so long to walk through your doors.
Yes, my friends, five stars.  It's not a fine dining experience or necessarily a destination spot.  Here's what it is:
PIzza.  Oh yes...yummy pizza.  The bartendress agreed with me...having both spent time in Connecticut, we knows our pizza!!  
The pizza is amazing and you can get a small or a large.  The crust is not so thin that it falls apart on first bite, and not so thick that it's a mouth full of bread.  It's a perfect crust, with a rocking red sauce and either standard or creative toppings depending on how you are feeling.  The mozzarella sticks rock and taste fresh, not frozen.  Oh, and the tiramisu.  It's homemade and the real deal...billowy mascarpone with amaretto/kahlua soaked lady fingers.  The joy!  The rapture!
The best thing (and what I love about New Orleans in general) is you would not expect this level of deliciousness in this kind of establishment which is more bar than restaurant.  Don't get me wrong, the place IMO is not divey with a very friendly vibe and nice mix of patrons.  The server was incredibly sweet and attentive without being in our face.  And the chef came out to deliver the food and checked in with everyone to make sure they were ok and enjoying themselves.
Hub and I discovered this place a few nights ago and we were already back last night.  In a food filled neighborhood, that's saying a lot!
j
ps beer on draft...and a nice selection too.  This is a very good thing!Was walking along Decatur Street around 11:30 pm looking for a place open to eat dinner. That's what happens when you fly in late and are still on CA time.  Came across this bar/restaurant and the menu looked good for a bar, they even had a ribeye steak dinner special for $17! Sold.  I sat and ordered a strawberry Abita beer, then happened to notice a sign for a Tues special -- filet mignon for $10.  Whaaat?  It was Tuesday (for another 20 min) and it was definitely a sign.
The filet was tender and grilled excellently.  It wasn't the best cut of beef I've ever had but it exceeded the cut of beef quality that I expected, and I was happy.  It comes with garlic bread and a side of creamy scalloped potatoes. Also looks like a fun place to go and drink with your friends.Known for 24 hour steaks, which my husband raved about (20 oz for $16, what?!), the pizza (veggies for me please) is also good. 
When there were long lines at other hot spots, we were able to walk right in here. Service was good, the hockey game on the tv. I'd say this place is a well kept secret.Sat in water on the wall bench. Due to A/C leaking? really?!? Let's fix that easy repair.  Guinness was flat. Restrooms have no doors, 2 stalls and you will be face to face with your neighbor. You can lock the door, so I guess for the sorority sisters, you will be able to go twosies at a time. they did offer free drinks on Saints game day until someone scores, which would have been amazing if we would have stayed. They were playing one game over the speakers, and everyone else had to follow along their game without captioning and having to listen to the other gam. Talk about multitasking exercise. My head was hurting trying to keep up to the game we were watching and hearing the other game. 
Other than that, it's a divey bar, in NOLA. Nothing to write home to momma.Love this place. 24 hour steak dinners are amazing. I eat take out from here so much that when I'm home and order, the delivery people get confused. I call in my order and they just know where I am. It's really a beautiful thing.This is a great local hangout spot to watch the games or just have a good time. Drinks are strong and come fast and the food is delicious! I recommend the wings (extra crunchy)! You will not be disappointed! They are probably some of the best I've ever had. Also, people rave about the steaks and pizza!We came in during a rainy Monday afternoon and there were only a few other people in the bar, but we needed a dry place that had drinks and this place fit the bill!  Both my friend and I ordered a drink off their drink menu...which happened to be served in Grenades.  It would have been nice if it was mentioned on the menu, it was not a major upset due to the fact that it was our first day in town.  The nachos were subpar, BUT they had the photo hunt which I hadn't played in years, so we spent a good couple hours playing that game!Wow! When we first walked in it was a really cool place. The Bartender/server only rolled her eyes, it's a party of 10 she really didn't want to accommodate us so she suggested the patio. We asked for a mohito and she said looking around do you think we make those here. When we ordered pizza she told us we didn't need forks, just her whole  snide comments through out our visit made you not come back. I hope the food is good, so far beers are good.The pizza might be "World Famous" but the service is desperately lacking!Split the 20oz ribeye and some cheese sticks. The cheese sticks are the same frozen sticks served everywhere, which is to say: delicious. The ribeye was awesome. I've paid way more money for way worse steak other places. This is a must-go for New Orleans on a budgetThey have really great pizza, and I'm from Chicago so that's saying something! I always make sure to stop here to grab a bite when visiting Nola. It's really affordable too! Not your typical french quarter tourist trap.Food was ok but waited forever to get it. There were only 2 other customers. Waitress/bartender was pleasant. Wouldnt make the walk/drive againA trendly litle bar in the qurter a good goth, punk, emo alt crowdThis place came recommended from a local to watch football. It didn't disappoint. The bartender was very accommodating and put my team's game on the tv I requested with volume. That alone would've been plenty. But the fact that they had 25 beers on tap as well as some of the best pizza these lips have ever touched really topped it off. Great experience. Great food and great service.Had a turtle drink and some crawfish in the backyard.... Doesn't get better than that... And the blonde bartender in the back is a knockout!Wow! This place deserves -5 stars for horrifying service. The male server on 3/27 at 6:30pm was the worst I've experienced in this town. Short tempered, offered zero input and had a serious, confrontational attitude problem. Too bad because the 16oz ribeye looked good. Dodge this place.This place sort of has a bad vibe walking in. The po boy isn't bad. The nachos are "okay" for a mid day snack. The server kept her distance and seemed almost afraid of us. Not very warm or Inviting to be honest and is average at best. We don't need to return.Was tired of poboys and found this gem.  Super packs on a Saturday but we're seated immediately and food didn't take foreve.  Pizza wings and gumbo were the best probably best gumbo I had when visiting.  Strongly recommendSteak so good, no sauce required!
I sincerely wasn't expecting much from a bar. Most people just grab a drink, maybe watch a game, and munch on the traditional bar fare. But I had heard Turtle Bay makes this one dish that's really good - the Turtle Bay Steak. Boy, was it good!
It blew my mind that a bar would offer a great quality piece of meat. It was cooked just the way I like and it melted in my mouth. They brought out the A1 but the meat was so flavorful that there was no need for it. Their presentation was not exactly good, but the taste is all I was looking for eating at a bar. They served it with a cheddar crusted baked potato and a piece of bread.
If you're looking for something tasty and satisfying and do not care about fancy, I would recommend this steak.Bird is the man. Had an amazing Bacon mushrooms grilled onion Swiss burger, as breakfast this morning. Burger was wonderful. And budget was not been smashed down into the grill while being cooked, Thank You TBThis pretty random but my book group ended up meeting here. We were at Petroiska down the street and they cranked the music up too loud to chat. So we wandered in here.  Nice pour on my bourbon and they had a number of local beers so points for that.  I didn't have any food, but noticed that the kitchen was open.  
I guess my only qualm with this joint is that it seems so corporate. Maybe my opinion will change if I go back for food.My first time in NOLA for Mardi Gras found this pace by accident really. We were at the French Market when a thunder storm rolled in. Ducked in here for a beer to wait it out, ended up staying most of the day. Met some real fun locals and had a great time. One of the first stops when we go back. Been a friendly place every time.Turtle Bay on Decateur is a place we come to when we want late night eats!  The bartender staff are nice.  There are many choices beer.24hr food and drinks. On the walk from FQ to Frenchmen st. Great mix of classic american bar food and pizzas. Plus they deliver!Used to be a great place to go for cheap eats that were good.  Not so much anymore.   They just recently raised their prices, and I'm not talking about a quarter here and there.   In my opinion, they have priced themselves out of the type of bar food they serve.   The food itself was never phenomenal, but always consistently good.  It was dependable.  I'm sorry to see the management make such a dramatic change in prices.  As far as food, I've noticed a decline in the quality of the food being served.   The $5.75 side salad had wilted lettuce.  The $14.50 small combo pizza was overcooked.  Their spaghetti and meatballs special which I used to love, got cut down to spaghetti and meatball, over salted and re-heated.   The place is sinking.  I hope management takes the opportunity to learn from this review and back up some of these changes.. One positive note.  The staff is friendly, helpful and polite and the place is clean.