I have no idea what people are talking about. Yelp has done me wrong this time.
This is not a "high end" bar. Its a dive bar that supposedly makes good cocktails. Which I didn't experience either. 
Theres nothing fancy about this place at all. A few bare bones high tables against the wall and an old pool table in front of a beat up juke box. When I asked for a Gimlet, I got a dear in the headlights look from the bartender.  He asked the other bartender who told him what was in it. And ofcourse, the ratio was wrong since the guy didnt know what he was doing. 
I went to order some of their famous BBQ. I was told they were out. The bar was nearly empty and it was early. How could you be out? 
I have no desire to ever go back.Let me start by saying that I love barbeque. Real barbeque. We're talking slow, indirect heat applied over hours. I also love grilling, which is done over direct heat and commonly mistaken for barbeque. But you're not here for a lesson in cooking, you're here to learn about Twelve Mile Limit.
Until Friday evening I had never even heard of Twelve Mile. While at an event at Celebration Distillation (be sure to check them out) my lady friend and I met some new people, made friends, and got invited to dinner at what was claimed to be the "best barbeque in New Orleans." Intrigued and skeptical, I got the address and we drove down.
GPS took us to a somewhat sketchy looking neighborhood and a building with almost no signage. To make things even weirder, we had to be buzzed in. But one I was inside I was stunned. If this was a dive bar it's the nicest dive bar I've even been in. There's a pool table, nice tables and chairs, a sofa and a great jukebox. The drinks are great and are served in actual glasses. My lady and I split two orders of sliders topped with slaw, one of them beef brisket and one pork. I regret calling them sliders because they are as big as normal sandwiches...
SWEET BUTTERED BUDDHA, this just might be the very best barbeque I've ever had. It was served with sauce on the side and it doesn't need it. The pork and brisket were super tender and slow smoked with only salt and pepper allowing the actual flavors to come out and have a giant party on my tongue. The chef came out and talked to us for a while. He revealed that he made the slaw himself. Everything we had that night was stellar. The sliders were simple yet divine and their flavors.
Run, don't walk, to Twelve Mile Limit and have a slider.Love this joint! Simple and to the point. They've got fantastic bartenders that know their stuff and some really great food. The block totally sucks but oh well, I'm not here for the neighbors. Love the squid mural in the back (I'm a sucker for cephalopods... no pun intended). A few video poker machines, a good pool table, and some places to lounge. The clientele is always friendly too, I'm never hard pressed for conversation when I'm here. What more could you need?You want BBQ and beer at 10 pm?  Come on then! Great food,  people, service, prices and alcohol!As a millennial and pop culture nerd, this bar hit all the right spots. Sprinkled throughout are little tributes to Harry Potter, Hyperbole and Me, and other awesome titles that I personally love. I was only here for one drink while in town to visit a friend, but it seemed like a great bar to hang with friends!
There's a small stage at the front, a bunch of tables to sit at, and pool and board games located at the back. The drinks were also pretty cheap, which is a huge bonus! They serve some food, but the kitchen sadly was closed when my friends and I went.Often overlooked but never fails to please with reasonable drink prices, tasty food, and fun things to do like trivia night in an unfussy, come-as-you-are atmosphereWe went here on the recommendation of some new friends we met at a Celebration Distillation event, who claimed it was "the best barbecue in the city." I was skeptical, but was proven wrong.
OH. MY. GOD. This was probably the best barbecue pork and brisket I have ever had. My boyfriend and I split two orders of sliders (one pork, one brisket) topped with slaw. The sliders are normal sandwich sized and come with a side of sauce. Honestly, you don't even need the sauce (though it is delicious). The meat is so moist and flavorful that it can stand on its own. Our friends ordered some rockets, which are smoked, bacon-wrapped cream cheese-stuffed jalapenos--also extremely tasty. The chef came out and chatted with us for a while, which was cool.
The rest: The neighborhood is slightly sketchy, so you have to get buzzed into the bar. This is the classiest dive bar I've ever been to. It's dark, cozy, and comfortable. Drinks come in actual glasses, and there are some wonderfully creative cocktails on the menu. The Baudin is delicious. They also have cupcakes, which we were too full to try. There's a variety of seating options, a pool table, and a great jukebox. Cole, the owner, also came to talk to us for a while while we were there.These guys are the types of transplants this town needs. They care. Like honestly and fully care about providing quality and hospitality to their patrons. Shooting the shit with them today was like epicurean foreplay. These guys get off on getting you off - in a bacchanalian way, of course. Haven't experienced Hump Connection night here yet but it sounds promising. Keep doing what y'all are doing! YYR!What a pleasantly surprising experience this place was. I trotted in late one Saturday night looking for a quick drink to take the edge off of a very stressful week and maybe a nibble. I heard this place had quality cocktails at cheap prices and had my suspicions, but it all turned out to be true! I had the Baudin (bourbon, honey, lemon, hot sauce) and a Great Idea (vodka, zwack, bitters, lemon, ginger beer). Both were definitely quality crafted cocktails all for $6 each. Definitely a steal price on a speciality drink. You get an extra $1 off specialty cocktails during happy hour between 4-7pm daily as well. 
I took the plunge and got the loaded tots thinking it would be some sort of chili and cheese bar food concoction...but nope! It was indeed a plate of tots....that were TOTALLY invisible due to the heaping piles of pulled pork, chicken, Mac and cheese, coleslaw and grilled veggies. Needless to say I took the rest home and ate leftovers for two days straight. So I was again impressed with unexpectedly great food quality! 
There's also an assortment of games, a small patio area in the back that houses life size Jenga blocks, a free pool table (that's right! free!), and apparently some live music from time to time. This IS please note indeed a hipster bar despite some people saying that it's not. Not that it bothers me that it is. There's definitely an interesting mix of people but the majority of which are wearing black thick framed (probably fake) glasses, ironic graphic T-shirts, and obscure tattoos and jewelry.....thus.....definitely a hipster bar.
This place may not look like much on the outside (or the inside), and the ambiance may not be much either, but nothing appears to be as it seems here! Definitely worth a pop in if your in mid city and looking for a cheap drink and some fantastic food!It's a quaint and adorable neighborhood bar. I have heard many a story about this joint. My friend who lives in NOLA and I was visiting lives a block away, so we knew this was a must on my latest trip. 
The drinks were good. The staff were fantastic. And the bar itself...very similar to the one I go to at home. Just a neighborhood bar with neighborhood patrons. 
Oh! They also have a (I assume small) kitchen. We ordered a pizza. Boy oh boy, was that amazing. Super delicious!This is a great place! I highly recommend the brunch. The mimosas are really good, with way more bubbly than orange juice and the juice is fresh-squeezed. The bloody marys are also delicious and strong.
I had an artichoke fritata. It covered the entire plate and had big lumps of artichoke heart in it. It was yummy and filling. Others in my party got the "BBQ Benedict," which looked amazing. I intend to get that next time. The divey atmosphere was is fun and the service was attentive.This local bar was just down the street from our Airbnb rental and came highly recommended by our host.  Obviously this is a divey establishment in all the best ways possible.  The décor is highlighted with memorabilia, pictures and oddities strewn on the walls, that dark bar atmosphere (that makes hangovers happy) and some small tables offering a place to down on this amazeballs food!
We went for brunch on a Saturday and there was some other folks having brunch, nursing their hangovers and chatting with the bartender who they probably knew.   You order your drinks and food at the bar but, the cook will bring your food out to your table according to the number that you get.  
Bloody Mary:  Spicy, spicy, spicy!  The mix was good and there was enough vodka to knock my hangover out and perk me up. 
Spinach and Artichoke Frittata:  The size of the frittata alone was impressive; it was the size of a small frying pan, stuffed full with veggies including tomatoes and it was served with a side of hot sauce.  The egg was fluffy and light and the veggies weren't over done which can happen with a frittata.  This was 5 stars all the way and without the 5 star price!  Even better!
Build your own biscuit:  May I just say how genius this is?   The biscuit is huge and isn't a traditional biscuit because it's just better.  I opted for the caramelized onion, bacon and pimento cheese sauce and added a hash brown to it.  On point at every bite and the pimento cheese sauce is a definite must have.  The hash brown was a formed hash brown like McDonalds but, it was obviously cooked better than the drive through.
This place is why I love vacationing like a local.Went in the establishment at 1145pm. Asked if they served desserts bartender said "Wat?" We left its prolly cool for drinking but not late night dessert.This is a very casual, hole-in-the-wall spot. It seems to be a place where a lot of locals go regularly, so it is much more laid back than the insanity of Bourbon street. The bar tender was very sweet and the tater tots we ordered were amazing!It's so rare to find a divey bar that specializes in beautiful, tasty cocktails. Usually at dive bars you either have to just stick to beer to get something consistent, or at "cocktail bars" you feel out of place if you don't look super-cool. 12 Mile Limit strikes such a nice balance between the two that it's very high on my list of favorite bars.
Last time I was there the bartender was totally game to make me a custom drink. I LOVE LOVE LOVE it when you can say "Hey, I want to try something new, can you make me something with [ingredient]?" After requesting something with St Germain, the bartender made me something called a Stormy Morning - a perfectly girly drink without being at all sickly sweet. Best part was the bartender seemed really enthusiastic and interested in showing me something new. This is why I keep coming back to this bar.
I've always found parking within a block of 12 Mile Limit, and I don't think of it as being in a particularly sketchy neighborhood. I might not walk more than a couple blocks by myself at night, but again, I've always found easy parking nearby. The bar sells snacks and I hear their brunch is well-worth going to - haven't made it yet, but hope to soon!12 Mile Limit's awesomeness is pretty straightforward (and therefore, my review will be pretty simple as well). They have amazing food (seriously, amazing!), awesome cocktails, and ridiculous prices for the quality they're serving up. The bartenders are great. It's a dive bar so it's super relaxed. Smoke-free on Saturday nights. 
Great, great bar. Go check it out!The only reason I ever found this place was because of yelp. This particular place is right around the corner from Finn McCool's Irish pub. First things first, this is not a cocktail bar, lounge, sports bar or even a dive bar. This a neighborhood watering hole! In other words it is very eclectic, and yes they serve food here. But I will get to that in a minute.
The customer service is pretty cool. Every time I have been here the people behind the bar have always been friendly and welcoming. They seem to have a real knack for making you feel right at home. Definitely no pretentious attitudes here!
Friday night I finally tried there BBQ. It was pretty decent I must say, for New Orleans it is good.I had pulled pork with baked beans and tator tots. So far this is the only decent BBQ place that I have found in New Orleans (no I haven't tried "The Joint" yet). So if I am looking for BBQ this will be at the top of my list.
The beer price here are cheap, and the selection is okay. They do serve cocktails but I have yet to try any of them. Mostly I stick with beer and shots of whiskey. One day when I feel adventurous I will try one of their cocktails.
The atmosphere of this place Rocks. Whether you chose to sit at the bar, one of the tables, or the couch you can watch the game on TV. If that is not your thing they have video poker machines, pool table or their version of Jenga. With the 12 mile limit version of Jenga instead of the small blocks of wood you use 2x4 wood boards. I guess it makes the game more interesting.
The only thing that was off putting was a strange person that I encountered at the bar one night. When I was there the guy was engaged in a furious debate with his imaginary friend. Some people actually got scared and left. Not me though, I will admit that at first it was kind of annoying. But later on it was rather amusing, especially when I listened in on his conversation him and his imaginary friend were having. I asked the bartenders about him, they told me that he was a regular and that he was harmless. Works for me I guess, I think it just adds more novelty to this place.
In short good food, cheap booze and great entertainment value!So I was pleasantly surprised by my experience from beginning to end. As soon as I discovered that one of the few late night dessert places in Mid-City was in a bar, I was immediately apprehensive. I just wanted a slice of cake- not reek of stale cigarettes and get hit on by loud drunk men. 
But my friend convinced me that their doberge cake is one of the best things she's ever tasted. I told her that I've never been a fan of the overly sweet buttercream frosting with hard-as-a-rock wedding cake covered in plastic fondant that most bakeries create as their doberge cakes. She agreed then said this cake is nothing like all those cakes. Nothing plastic or artificial. Just plenty of love. Since she's a fellow foodie, I knew I wasn't going to be steered wrong. 
Boy am I glad I did. She was completely right!
When we got there, I was taken back by the homeyness of the place. They had people just lounging around playing board games and chit-chatting. A table had a HUGE Jenga set all laid out; they were in a fierce game that caused everyone at the bar to jump back when all those tiles came crashing to the floor. 
And the place didn't reek from stale cigarettes! I thought the Mid-City Yacht Club was the only bar in Mid-City that's smoke-free, but so's this place. I found my new hangout!
Friend and I sat at the bar and ordered our slice of cakes (thin mint.) However, I couldn't help but notice everyone around me with their MASSIVE plates of barbecue. Since I'm constantly on the lookout for good food,  I had to order some myself. Perused their pretty extensive menu for 11:30 at night and decided on their pork sliders. Side of mac and cheese. 
Cake comes and I'm trying to not eat the entire slice before my meal comes out. But it's so hard. Cake was amazingly moist and delicious! The frosting was the perfect amount of sweetness and chocolate. And the fondant literally melted in my mouth. I have no idea how they created the consistency and taste of those Girl Scout cookies, but they did. And it's the old Girl Scout recipe- not the new ones that are starting to taste like plastic themselves. Seriously awesome. 
My burgers came right in the nick of time. I immediately turned my attention to the two sliders overflowing with slaw and meat. AMAZING! The pork had some dark crispy bits that really mixed well with the crispy slaw and the tangy sauce. My mouth was in serious heaven. I was doing my happy food dance at that counter and I just didn't care. 
Only drawback was the mac and cheese. Kinda bland and tasteless. Nothing like everything else I tried there. Will definitely come back and try more!
PS: $4 for 16 oz Abitas on tap. This place seriously knows what they're doing!!This may be my new favorite bar. The food was awesome, and everything is very laid-back. 
I am in love with the artichoke dip and the pork sliders.
The perfect, low-key, neighborhood bar. Plus, they have VERY geeky trivia...these are my peeps.I had the brisket, mac n cheese and cole slaw. The brisket and slaw were great, but mac was mealy and nothing special. Another patron raved about the mac, so I gave it a shot. I was disappointed. I did really like the Twelve Mile Limit cocktail. It was delicious and refreshing. Insider tip: get the 12 Mi Limit in a mason jar instead of the martini glass. It is way easier to drink and more fun. Everything tastes better out of a mason jar. They also have a High Life (draft in frozen goblet) and a shot of Jameson for $6. Hipster steal.The best craft cocktails in Midcity. Maybe the whole city, actually. Non smoking, locals spot. Free food on Mondays. The food is awesome every day of the week though. Go for the drinks, stay for the food. Great spot to meet up with friends for a late night bar crawl.What a great little spot in the middle of a nice neighborhood. We got there just as they opened and had a drink and played some pool. They have a great beer selection and full bar.
It's an old converted home and the bar is in the living room. They have a stage so I assume they have live music nightly.
We stayed for one drink but if we had time we would have stayed longer.I don't know why I don't go more often.  Unbelievably good food and pretty cheap.  Bartenders are very good and drinks are cheap and original.  Hip and youthful (but not douchey).  SMOKE FREE!!!  I live super close and don't take advantage.  Shame on me!If you want great cocktails for a good price.  This is your jam.  I'm talking legit cocktails (Sazerac, French 75, Ramos Gin Fizz etc).  If you want a sex on a beach, go elsewhere.
It's basically a hipster dive.  Pool table, which is usually open b/c apparently hipsters don't play pool.  
And the BBQ they sell is awesome.  Loaded mac and cheese will rock your world.So I finally got around to sampling the BBQ brisket after numerous aborted attempts.  The brisket is ok but they are damn skimpy with the sauce and that always incites some grumpy feelings in me!  The real stars are the sides in this joint as they really get creative and interesting with some of the stuff they do.  Definitely not the best BBQ and doesn't come close to the Joint but still a cool dive bar in an absolute nightmare scary location!Love this little hole in the wall.  Love being around my neighborhood with all my favorite people.  But most of all.... I love beer and not having to drive or walk far.  Lol See where my priorities are?Very nice ducked off bar in the mid city area.
The bartenders are really nice and well trained. There is a pool table and small tables around the bar. Also a juke box for the DJs. 
I would go back to this place. I heard the food was good but not great. I probably won't take any chances. 
ElleWhenever I think of this place, I think of the phrase "A great place to visit, but I wouldn't want to live there."
Twelve Mile Limit is a cozy little cocktail bar, but I have to agree with Tiff D when she said that it is a dive. It's pretty much a dive bar that tries to fancy itself up by serving cocktails. It's not in the greatest of neighborhoods (because of this, I have only been here once) and I think it's more of a neighborhood place than a place that someone would seek out. There are so many nice cocktail bars in the city. Going out of your way to come here for a drink seems like a waste.One of my favorites! The food is delicious, and their cocktails are genius. Ask for Megan; she's an incredible bartender who really knows her craft!!I checked into this bar on a night that I had already been drankin' and had totally forgot about it until Yelp asked me if I wanted to review it. I had to look at a few photos before I recognized it! Oh Jangie Mamblers (my alter ego who likes to knock back a few) how you help me remember the good times with phone apps and photos! 
I really liked Twelve Mile Limit, not because of the drinks but because of the atmosphere. It's just a cool hang out joint with really great staff and the patrons are super duper friendly as well. As for the Jukebox (which really yanked my happy crank) I stuck $5 in but it wouldn't kick on because the staff wanted to listen to an iPod. We didn't get our monies back, so I kindly suggested that they use it as a donation to keep the machine alive and to perhaps put a sign on it when the staff wants to use their own music.
I'll definitely be back. I, er, Jangie had a stupendous time! ^-^Excellent craft cocktails and pretty good, filling bar food like mac and cheese. Nice, chill bartenders will actually chat to you. A more toned-down atmosphere than Cure (and a little cheaper, too), so feel free to go wearing t-shirt and shorts during the weekend!A little run down hole in the wall but the service is great. Kitchen was already closed when I arrived so can't comment on the food but definitely an ok pit stop if you're just bar hopping.I like Twelve Mile Limit, but after three visits, I have decided I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
Drinks were good, but not amazing, BBQ the same, good but nothing special. It definitely has a young, hipster vibe, but it's still comfortable for an old lady of 36 like me.
The layout is odd and can make it difficult to navigate and the Wednesday trivia emcee had the sound system cranked so loud it was obnoxious. 
Overall a fine place, but overrated.Last time my review was all about the food, especially those barbeque sliders. This time let's talk about the drinks.
One of my best friends from college lives just a few houses down from me and works a job that involves a lot of travel. When he's in town we like to catch up and chat, usually over dinner. Tonight he said he was in the mood for some barbeque and I immediately suggested he accompany me to Twelve Mile Limit.
I've already written about how fantastic the food is, and my friend agreed. After some sliders we decided to chill for a bit and have a few drinks. So what separates one bar from another? Sure there's service and decor, but there's also the important signature cocktails. My favorite at Twelve Mile Limit is the Great Idea. The ginger flavors and savory afternotes are perfect with the barbeque, especially the acidity from the lemon playing against the vinegar of the coleslaw. Where their Twelve Mile cocktail is sweet and pomegranate based I don't think it would go as well with the food.
Those are the only two signature drinks I've tried although I plan on trying more. But at the end of the night it's the Great Idea that I like the most.This was an excellent place to grab drinks at. I came into town for Mardi Gras and to visit some friends and we ended up going to 12 Mile two nights in a row. The first night was pretty laid back and we had some beers while listening to their awesome juke-box. The second night (Saturday) was a bit more festive, they had a DJ and a small little dance area and we ended up dancing until early in the morning. 
All the drinks I had were tasty and reasonably priced. Overall, a fun place to hang out.Went there for stand up night last night and the hostess acted like a snide bitch the entire time.  We where whispering among each other between sets and she made it a point to single out every single person that wasn't completely silent for the two hour duration.  A lot of the comics were great but most of them asked "hypothetical question and any response other than a "woohooo" or an applaud they would stop the entire joke and talk about how the audience is being rude. I personally don't heckle comics, but I acknowledge that a true comedy show involves audience input to give the comic an opportunity to think on their feet and respond accordingly.  This made it feel very moderated and I actually forgot I was a patron at a bar.This is a dive bar. A neighborhood hangout. It's great for what it is. Quick service. Good bar food. Chill place to drink and play pool. 
Not really something worth going out of your way for if you're a tourist, but if you're just looking for a drink, you could do worse than here.This place knows how to make a great cocktail! Its nice and cozy bar with great cocktails and snacks!
It's hidden in a neighborhood if you don't look hard enough you could miss it. Awful parking though, if you going on a crowded night beware its a residential area.They have another happy hour starting after midnight.  Sarah was awesome one of the most friendly and informative bartenders in the area.  Make sure if you see her that you tip her well.  She will make sure to take care of you.  The bartender before her was great too.  They shut down  at 2am now so you still have a little time left.I went here one evening and for some reason the cook was behind the bar asking if anyone wanted anything. A girl asked for a mixed drink, and he declined, as he apparently is "not allowed to touch the alcohol". He did, however, throw some unopened cans of PBR at us and walk away. We sent the bartender to the kitchen to give this fine young gentleman $3 as tip, and shortly he returned with a complimentary fry basket containing nothing but 2 half-burned dollars. 
If you don't think this is completely hilarious, then this may not be the place for you.Pulled pork and brisket were indeed tasty.  We tried a side of stuffed jalepenos called "rockets" that were so good I cursed.Okay, this is not your typical bar food. It's yummy, deliciousness. We had the Loaded Tots. This was soooo good. It's served on a large pizza-type pan. Tots on the bottom, then cheddar cheese and feta cheese. On top of that you have pulled pork. On top of that you have bbqed chicken. Wait, I'm not finished yet.... On top of the chicken you have roasted vegetables. These vary, depending on what they have. We have had roasted broccoli, roasted brussel sprouts, roasted green beans, roasted onions. Also, surrounding all of this you have Bbqed sausage, at least 6 nice sized pieces! Five hungry people were eating on this, and we just barely finished it. At a cost of $15, it's cheap and so very, very tasty!!!! We've also had the brisket plate with regular tots and mac and cheese. Very, very good!!! Two other tasty items they offer are Brisket or Sausage sliders. Both very yummy! But, wait, I'm not finished!!!! This place also does desserts!!! We had Do-Bites and Salty Balls. OMG, these were sooooo good. The Do-Bites were small dorberge bites, the flavors vary. The one we had was lime. It was delicious. Then there are the Salty Balls....they are chocolate, they are caramel, they are cake, they are a little salty, and they are one of the best things ever!!!!! Twelve Mile is a great little bar. Friendly bartenders. It's no-smoking which I really love.Drinks are cheap, tasty, and strong. Their doberge cakes are freaking fantastic! We had (read: scarfed down) almond cake and cream cheese cake, both delicious. Staff is very friendly. Mostly locals. Relaxed vibe. We went on a Monday, and they had open-mic comedy and free dinner (jerk chicken with mashed potatoes, very tasty). I'd definitely go back.TWELVE MILE LIMIT IS A REALLY COOL BA-- oh, sorry, I'm outside now. Twelve mile limit is a really cool bar. It's loud. It's a bar, of course its loud. I just can't handle noise. (See my other posts, I'm terrible.)
All the things people go to bars for are present here, crowds, booze, clever cocktails, snarky bartenders, pool, females, males, various loud noises including music, masterpiece gourmet sliders, cupcakes, and liquor you've never tried. 
But here, there are bonuses: the snarky bartenders know what they're talking about and the excellent creations have excellent pricetags. It's never a very expensive tab, even when you order their AWESOME food. Always, Twelve Mile Limit has a really cool vibe: I think this bar has serious New Orleans staying power. 
Extras: It looks like someone's house. It's a little sketchy outside. Ring the door bell (I know, I always think that's weird) and they'll buzz you in.Midcity Gem! Omg you blowing it if you haven't tried the food! Drinks are amazing .. Thank you Jeff and SarahI am rather split on this place. As with most things in life, it has up sides and down. In this case though the two are existing in extremes.
What I like about Twelve Mile, other than the fact that its a mere two blocks from my house, is that the cocktails are possibly the best I've had. I'm not usually a mixed drink kind of guy, but after the first sip of my Baudin, I was simply blown away. From there the variety of cocktails and mixers the staff have at the ready have been consistently impressive.
And this same sentiment extends to the back in to the kitchen. With more than reasonable prices, it is some of the best bar food I've ever had. The brisket, chicken, ribs and especially the mac and cheese is simply delicious and even with a full bar of orders, the cooks manage their time well and the orders generally come out in good time. 
And thinking on it, even the music selection is decent.
However all of this and my overall appreciation for the place is considerably challenged by one essential aspect to the bar. The clientele. 
Not to say everyone who walks in there is such, but on an average night (in fact, most every night I've been there,) the bar will be lined and the lounge area packed with the most insufferable variety of condescending hipsters. Sipping down their High-lifes and PBRs, they fill the room with faux intellectual conversation that is enough to make even a casual reader of...well, any study of any kind, wish to gouge their ears out with white hot steak knives.
And before anyone goes accusing me of simply not liking the pop-topic freshman enthusiasm they share for matters of politics, art, science and film, it goes deeper than that. Unbidden and without provocation, each time I've managed to find a seat at the bar, some wafer thin tragically ironic...fella, always seems to get it in his head that the best way to impress his consistently bored looking date is to make crass condescending statements about everyone around, despite the majority of them looking and acting identically to them. And on a number of occasions, also without provocation, what would seem to start out like a genuine attempt at a barroom chat with myself, for which I am always happy to oblige, would result in much the same. For a second, it'll be in good fun as it were. Then, perhaps even just for the sake of saying something one may think is clever...but after close to thirty seconds or so, when its clear I am not amused, rather than going back to what they were doing (I don't expect apologies from such people in any circumstance, as such requires a level of humility that their faux bravado simply will not allow for) they continue...right up until its made clear that another word will result in a punch to the face...ironic glasses or no.
Now this isn't to say ALL of the patrons as such. The expected variety of normal, non-douchy locals can be found there and even a couple friends of mine from the neighborhood on occasion. And as a young, single man, it is known to host the pretty girl know and again. But the aforementioned hipsters often still outnumber the polite and normal folk with real individual personalities and basic levels of tact.
So while the food, the drinks, the music and the staff (love the staff btw, good people) are all excellent and as I said, the location is good for me, I find it these days to be a last resort place.  Should I want a drink, but find Finn McCools, Bayou Beer Garden, Midcity Yacht Club and to a lesser extent D-Macs, all to be full and I really really want one, I'm known to stroll into Twelve Mile. If Andersen is behind the bar, I'll even stay a couple rounds.OK, so full disclosure: I am (was) a tourist. I have only a hazy idea of where this bar is, because a friend took me there. I don't know the neighborhood; I don't know where it fits into the city's nightlife geography. 
But I know that this bar is awesome. The cocktails are outstanding and cheap, especially the aptly named Great Idea. The beer is also cheap, although I did not drink any because the cocktails were too enticing. The jukebox was playing awesome music. Plus everyone seemed to be friendly and/or know each other, and there were none of those annoying yappy people that bars sometimes attract. There's also a pool table, and large TVs in case some important sporting event happens to be on. I happened to visit on a Monday and there was free food, which just takes everything to a whole new level. 
It's like the platonic ideal of a bar. If I were fortunate enough to live in New Orleans, I would go here pretty much all the time. And if you are fortunate enough to live in New Orleans, that's what you should do.Dear Yelpers,
Let me tell you a tale; ever need a good cock(tale) after a long day? Cole's about to twirl your world.
My first time at the bar, I tried every cocktail on the chalkboard.  Came back the next night for round two.   I have been to the most famous cocktail bars in Manhattan but nothing compares to the drinks at the 12 Mile Limit.
I'm moving to New Orleans, and may live in the same neighborhood as 12 Mile Limit so I can be a regular. Go to this bar, shake hands with the bartender and introduce yourself, take a sip and fall in love with your drink, then play a game of pool or dance along to the juke box.One of the best dive bars I've been to in Mid City. Brunch food is delicious (and huge portions). Get a Brain Medicine while you're there too (doesn't matter what time of day); only way to beat the local heat and humidity.Went here on recommendation of a friend who read about this place in Imbibe magazine.  It was described to me as Cure if Cure served barbecue.  With further research I heard that they recently announced the installation of an erotic photo-hunt machine at the bar.  So now I'm thinking Cure plus Corporation.  I want to go... but will I ever leave?!
It is as good as it sounds.  There's a pool table and a pretty good jukebox with room to grow (highlights: Weezer, Bob Dylan, Sinatra, Crunk Hits Vol 2).  They have a solid selection of liquors, nothing as exotic as Cure but nothing real cheap either.  Three taps for beer as well as bottles.
They had four cocktails up on the chalkboard, all less than $8 and featuring some pretty complex flavors.  I liked the Juarez and had seconds of the namesake 12 Mile Limit, which blends vodka, rye, and pomegranate among others.
They stop serving food at ten but the owner, who was chilling at the bar with the patrons, had no problem with us ordering something in for delivery.  This place is definitely good people!  I'm excited to come back here and watch this place grow into a classic neighborhood hangout.Drinks are awesome. I asked for a Titos and grapefruit and the bartender broke out whole grapefruits to juice. I'm sold on this placeThis place is amazing.  If you want top class cocktails at reasonable prices, this is your place.  Especially the ginger drinks - one of the bartenders brews his own gingerbeer and it is amazing.  This place is a real surprise.  You'll want to stay there all day and night.  And the food!!! Oh my goodness - ask the bartender about the loaded mac and cheese bbq thing.  Be ready to share it with at least two friends. Amazing.This tiny neighborhood bar makes a great pocket-sized cocktail with the freshest of ingredients. Parking is tough, so decide carefully if you want to journey here.Favorite bar. Favorite food. Favorite drinks. Favorite bartenders. Also, there's free pool! I've had the loaded tots probably ten times and they surprise me every time. Free food on Mondays, which rules. It's the best of the best. That's all you need to know.Buzz and hype are amazing creatures.  Reading all the reviews and press about this spot I was super excited to finally venture out to this tucked away corner in the middle of residential Mid-City - until I actually made it t/here.  Okay it's a new (or shall we say re-invented?) bar.  Okay they serve cocktails.  But I'm one of those crodgity old preservationist types that often feels if it ain't broke, don't fix it.  
The flow of the bar is obtuse.  Sitting where I sat drinking my goblet of NOLA Hopitoulas I felt the bar should have been where I was sitting.  If I read the floor (which is mostly a beautiful terrazzo) right then indeed when this space was its previous incarnation known as "Lotsa Luck" the bar WAS likely where I sat.  So the flow is weird.  Then the ceilings are low and with the 50 or so twentysomethings yik-yakking over each other the passive noise level is uncomfortable on par with Galatoire's on a Friday lunch.
One pool table.  One flat screen.  I'm not looking for a sportsbar, but I felt like this space couldn't quite decide what it wanted to be and LOUDLY.  As I finished my beer I longed to be somewhere else - like The Half Moon.  Somewhere a little more seasoned and defined.  Ultimately Twelve Mile Limit feels like it left the drawing board early and subsequently too heartily congratulated on its invention.  I'd like to re-visit here early next year and see if my experience remains consistent.Weeknight happy hour 5-7 
Smoke free on Saturday Sunday and Monday ONLY 
Pizza on Sundays 
I love this place. It's a dive bar with good cocktails (basically my dream). They have a very good selection of liquors and serve their draft in freezing cold glasses. Pool table, board games and TVs present. And CHEAP. 
So go here because it is amazing.The drinks are cheap and Heatwave is pretty cool. A DJ named Ann comes out once a month and spins great music!I went there last week. The owner is soooo charming.  Like a bracelet.  When I fell of the bar stool, he helped me up every time.  You just don't get that type of service anywhere!
If you go, make sure to ask the bartender, "Where's your kid sister?"  Expect to get served the tastiest sazerac you've ever had!  It's kept off the menu and only for insiders/close friends of the establishment.  A MUST TRY.Brunch RULES.
So does brunch with heapin' helpins' of mimosas that are made with fresh squeezed orange juice.  They also make a delicious Bloody Mary.
The brunch fare is simple yet really good.   I had the build your own biscuit. One can also build their own burrito as well. I had the pulled pork biscuit with egg and I wish I could remember what kind of sauce they used; it was reminiscent of a hollandaiseish sauce but it had a bit of a kick to it.   An on-line menu would be so helpful right about now...
I spent a lot of time going back and forth to the bar.  I think my mimosa glass had a hole in the bottom,  because I was constantly refilling it.
Another one of the things about this place that is really nice is that it's a non-smoking establishment.  As a Portlander, I take that for granted.  All of our buildings are non-smoking, and I do mean ALL.  So, that does include all restaurants and bars.  Thus, Twelve Mile Limit is ahead of the curve and I find that pretty awesome.
Overall, I really enjoyed brunch here.  The food is great and the price is such that you can brunch here every weekend.  The service was friendly and there was no waiting for a table for our merry gang of eight.
Overall assessment:  Twelve Mile Limit: RULES.This is a review of the bar during brunch. When I think brunch, I don't think of a bar. Hell, when I think brunch I normally think of a meal that is a worthless invention. Luckily I have some friends who don't subscribe to my ridiculous views and they set up a fun brunch to meet and greet some Yelpers from Portland. 
When I walked up, I was a little reluctant. The door was locked and I had to be buzzed in. Normally that means I'm in a dangerous place, but once inside I realized I was not. The bar has a very neighborhood bar feel, but the owner/bartender was very welcoming and friendly. He was also making an excellent old fashioned for $5. Not only did he take his time making the drink, but he also tasted it from his stirrer to make sure it was just right. 
The bar wasn't very crowded and our large group had half of the place to ourselves. We were even able to play some great songs on the jukebox. It wasn't the internet connected variety, but there were some great, local hits. 
I really liked this bar. I hope someone else organizes more bar brunch outings here.A fun place to be @ Twelve Mile Limit.
The location is very convenient. Arrive a bit before happy hour timing and be awarded close parking spaces. 
The bar's cocktails/ mixed drinks all have interesting names. They cover many bar favorites.
If bar food is your thing, Twelve Mile Limit is also the spot. Everything seemed to be cooked to order. Their big platter dishes should be shared with friends, in my opinion.
Inside, there are slots and a few games: billiard and darts. backyard patio area provide a more nice scene.Twelve Mile Limit, I love you. 
Delicious Brunch. Delicious Drinks. Delicious BBQ. Is there really anything more a gal can ask for? Oh yes, you can escape here with a reasonable bar tab!
The BYOB (Build Your Own Biscuit/Burrito) is brunch heaven. Their biscuits are moist and huge. For the price I thought it would be closer to a biscuit sliders.... nope! Full size sandwich biscuits. My star combo is the caramelized onions, spinach, and brie with a side of hash brown. So good.
Also, another winner from their BBQ list is the loaded tater tots. I tried the the veggie version, as per Vicky's recommendation, and I was so glad I did. The tater tots came out with all the tasty treats the kitchen had to offer. The menu said it's good for two people, and they mean it (although I'm sure if someone made me I could manage alone). I have been curious to try the meaty version, but the veggie one is so good I feel my alliances are already forged. 
Now, I keep going on about the food... isn't this place a bar? Yes. The drinks!!!! The Bloody Mary's here are great. They are super spicy and come fully loaded with okra, string beans, olives, and lemon/lime. Also, their drink the Baudin is one of my new favorites! I need to start paying more attention when they mix it, so I can learn the secrets of this beverage to make at home. Along with all the great cocktails they have a couple beers on draft (including Irish Channel Stout!) as well as a solid canned beer selection with the standard American favorites...mine being the classy Mich Ultra. 
As per other reviews, Twelve Mile Limit is non-smoking, which endears it to me even more. And as I gush... sigh, there is no reason why I shouldn't be here all the time, besides living on the other side of town. Having a long distance relationship is hard.I love this bar. I wish I lived in this neighborhood, I love it so much. They serve my favorite drink currently (besides an old-fashioned), the Baudin. Bourbon, lemon, and hot sauce Boom. I could spend every Saturday morning here. They serve a delicious brunch, have a relaxed crowd, and there's a bluegrass band. Bliss. I've also started going to Wednesday night trivia (Geeks who Drink). The crowd is always lively, but friendly. The bartenders are friendly, knowledgable, and great company if things are slow. The bar is smoke-free but there is a smoking patio out back (with tire swings). Overall, an awesome laid-back bar that I wish was closer to home.The perfect duck off bar. I'm new to New Orleans and am still learning the geography, but I think it's considered in Mid-City. Yummy cheap drinks, free food on Mondays, great place to go and chill with friends and meet new friends.Great bar. However, if an event is going on it takes up almost the whole space and kind of loses its vibe if you're not into it. But it's probably the most affordable craft cocktail bar in the city.Sketchy neighborhood. I live roughly ten blocks away, and it's generally best to be in doors after dark around here.
But once you're inside, you're set. There's a variety of comfortable seating options, a really interesting cross-section of both locals and tourists, and some of the best cocktail bargains to be found in the city.
The Baudin has led me to several hangovers. Words do not adequately describe this utterly delightful in-house twist on a classic cocktail.
I hear that the food is good. I've never seen anyone eating here, nor have I eaten here, but word of mouth is that it's pretty good stuff.
If you enjoy comfortable dive bars, quality cocktails on a budget, and a slight element of danger, this place might be right up your alley.Okay, let's get this straight.  Twelve Mile Limit is not a dive.  It's not upscale.  It's just a really good bar.  Now, I understand that the last statement can be pretty subjective, but allow me to lay it out for you.  
This place is tucked away on a residential street that hardly anyone will just happen upon.  Only the most well informed and adventurous travelers will streetcar out to Mid-City and walk the four blocks into a seemingly sketchy neighborhood in search of a good drink. There's a definite speakeasy vibe here with its location and door buzzer entry, but inside, it's just a laid back place for locals to hang out.  No undergrads, no bimbos, no bros, no creepy regulars doing the "stare you down as you walk in the door".  You could walk in here alone and walk out with five new friends.  
Once you're inside, take a deep breath.  Ah, no smoking!  The owners recently decided to make things smoke free, but there is a back patio should you need to light one up.  Plenty of tables, chairs and even a couch, but said couch is way too clean to bring this place down to dive status.  Some have claimed that this is a hipster hangout.  While the vibe is hipster-ish, I think the real hipsters have since moved on to the next "cool" place since this one is now probably too "mainstream."  The crowd is mainly the 25-40 yr old set most of whom are from the neighborhood.
Behind the bar they serve up quality cocktails in the $6-7 range.  (Yeah, I know, right?)  The Baudin is my go to: Bourbon, honey, lemon and hot sauce.  Simple ingredients, but downright addictive in the right proportions.  If you should get hungry, there is the amazing Shortall's BBQ dishing out some tasty meats and even a house made veggie burger.  They'll even make you an off-the-menu grilled veggie plate if you ask.  In the mood for something sweet?  Debbie Does Doberge makes do-bites, d-cups, salty balls (yes, chocolate is involved) and full on doberge cakes.  During happy hour you can get a shot and a do-bite for $5.  
What's not to like?I like the cocktails, especially the Good Idea.  It was like a cross between a Pimm's Cup and a Moscow Mule.  The bartender was very sweet.  The cook offered tastes of brisket all around when he was done cooking it.  
Unfortunately, the bar has a very sterile feel to it.  Too brightly lit, nothing on the walls and then the Real Housewives of Old Metairie showed up, commandeered the jukebox and started loudly serenading us and awkwardly gyrating.  We also ordered some cream cheese stuffed, bacon wrapped jalapenos, which were good but a little overcooked and pretty expensive for how many you get.
I'm hoping they can do something to remedy the atmosphere/decor of the place and then I think it will be a solid 4 stars.  They are off to a good start though.Four stars for a hipster dive bar - it's all about expectations. I had the great idea cocktail and a sazerac. Both were delicious but not particularly strong. We shared the loaded Mac and cheese and a side of ribs. We ate it but it wasn't very good. 2 stars for food. Extra star each for the dog friendliness and lesbians!Wow, what an unexpected find in a distinctly unique Mid-City neighborhood.  The door is locked so you have to ring the bell to be let in but once you're inside the decor is nice (and new) and the food & drinks are really good.  It's a small menu of BBQ and desserts but all are very good and they've got a fully stocked bar plus some nice high end cocktails put together by the very competent bartenders.  Get the homemade cole slaw on your pulled pork sandwich and don't be afraid to pour on the sauce which really makes the sandwich much better.  You definitely need to save room for desserts from Debbie Does Doberge as well - the doberge cake in particular is phenomenal but all the various bites are WELL worth getting.  Just be wary of the sugar and calorie coma which is likely to ensue.
I would definitely advise driving rather than walking from the streetcar but definitely check out Twelve Mile Limit.  The main drawback is that it allows smoking which bumps the rating down to 4 stars since I'm pretty much over smelling like an ashtray after going out for the evening.  Off hours are probably better to avoid the smoke...I've had their brisket and mac n cheese before and maybe I misremembered, but I feel like both have gone down in quality. The brisket was kinda grey and slimy, just ok. I'm familiar with Texas style brisket and this was not up to the task. The mac n cheese barely qualified as anything more than just macaroni with some paprika on top. Hardly any cheese at all. The tots were top notch, but that's hard to screw up. I liked their BBQ sauce, it has a nice flavor and kick to it.good new orleansy atmosphere. good drinks, let me bring my dog in to play pool - a big plus!Never eaten here, but the nighttime atmosphere is good.  Young crowd, no smoking, cheap drinks.  Pool table, oversized Jenga set, slot machine, juke box.  It's a great neighborhood bar.Great place to chill with friends.  I only had the beer from here and it was pretty good but their mixed drinks are great as well.  I have not tried the barbeque yet but if it is anything like the free food on Mondays then it is worth trying.  There is a pool table and different games you can play like Jenga.  They usually have good music playing too.  Also on Monday's it is smoke free inside.AWESOME! Great deals, and the free food on Mondays kicks major ass. Vibe is laid back and fun, kinda felt like I was in a good friend's living room. Kinda hipstery, but hey, that's not necessarily a bad thing. That's about all I can say.  Totally go and try it for yourself.I don't really have a hard time making friends but TML was a little awkward. Everyone there was in pairs or meeting someone and it seemed like there was a strong 'friends night out' atmosphere. That's TOTALLY fine but made it a little more difficult for me. That said, the bartenders were friendly and the Jack Rose cocktail ($7) was strong enough to make me not care as much about my own social situation. I'll come back to this place with friends and I'm sure I'll like it much more. Also, good looking crowd!One of the best cocktail bars in New Orleans. They also have an ok BBQ kitchen in the back but the highlight of it all is the Debbie Does Doberge cake. This is a great spot to take a date after a great meal, have a dessert cocktail and share some doberge on the side.best biscuit i have ever had in my life. also, the largest. went for brunch on a saturday morning while visiting new orleans. we stayed a couple blocks away and wanted something laid back. the bar is certainly laid back. one bartender and one cook serving everybody. we were told it would take a while when we walked in and were asked if we would like any cocktails. the wait was long, but if you don't mind, worth it. not much to order and you get a little piece of paper to write it all on. i ordered a bbq pork and biscuit eggs benedict and loved it. my entire table was happy with their meals and the bloodys were delish. 
overall, nice brunch spot and fun bar. the murals were nice too.
love, justonGood local hangout with great food and amazing mixed drinks. Amazingly, non-smoking, which is a HUGE plus in our book. 
Most of the people you'll find at the bar are overdressed hipsters getting trashed on PBR. Ignore them. Pay attention to the mixed drinks menu and what the bartenders can actually do with them. (It's amazing.) Pay attention to the weird indie films they're showing on the TVs instead of sports. 
The food is weird but amazing. They have this tater tot dish that has I think every single ingredient they have in the kitchen layered on top of tater tots. It's like the minecraft of potato dishes -- dig into it, find a bunch of awesome stuff, and tater tots are like diamonds. I'm pretty sure there was a whole BBQ'd chicken, some ribs, and a ton of other things in there. 
Ring the doorbell to the right of the door to get buzzed in. United Cab is a reliable way to get there and back.I went there on Wednesday night for trivia, and had a great time. Drinks are really fair priced, and the service was great despite the crowd. I couldn't really hear the announcer that well, which is why I didn't give them 5 stars. I didn't try the food, but i heard it was good.