A lot of food. I'm too full to finish the review. I've been thinking about that Hamhock since I left New Orleans back in May. I will visit again next time I visit New Orleans.I never make it out to the East, so when I found out I was going to be in the area I hopped onto Yelp and started researching places where I could eat. Hey, I might as well eat some good food if I am going to be in the neighborhood.
Enter Two Sisters 'N Da East. People on Yelp raved about this place, so I decided to stop in and check it out for myself. I was here pretty early for lunch- about 11:30 and the restaurant was fairly empty. I was told to sit anywhere and the waitress brought me a complimentary garden salad, potato salad and corn bread. Well, I like this place already! The salads were delicious and the corn bread went nicely with my meal.
The menu changes daily, and one of the specials of the day was black eyed peas with hot sausage, so I got that. A HUGE portion of black eyed peas over rice came out and I couldn't have been more delighted. The dish was flavored with bits of ham and really delicious. The hot sausage was perfect and was obviously home made and it went wonderfully with the black eyed peas. This was a lot of lunch, so I ate half and enjoyed the rest later that night.
The staff here is so friendly and they make sure that you are happy with everything that you order and check on you regularly to see if you need anything else. I will definitely return to Two Sisters and I would say that the food is so good I would probably make a special trip just to eat here. They even do takeout, if you aren't in the mood to sit and eat. This is home cooking at it's finest and you won't be left disappointed.Come on an empty stomach. I was craving some soul food and stopped by Sisters 'N Da East. I was stuffed when I left. I had the smothered okra and shrimp, smothered chicken, collard greens, cornbread, and a salad that I could not eat. The only the issue I had was the food was not piping hot, but it was seasoned well. It was as close to home cooking as you can get from a restaurant. It really reminded me of a scene out of What's Happening (telling my age) with the table set up. The only thing missing was the jukebox. I would definitely give this place a try when I am having one of my soul food cravings.Epitome of Soul Food! Come here for a good home cooked meal! Warning! You must bring your appetite because the portions are far from small! I'm greedy and I normally eat off a plate 3xs no exaggeration! We have the smothered turkey wing dinner that comes with: salad, potato salad, rice and gravy, string beans, candy yams & Mac and cheese!!I've gone to this restaurant a few times throughout the years, and normally it's a pretty descent place to go to get "soul food" their smothered turkey wings are good. The cabbage the last few times hasn't been the worst cabbage I've had but not the best either. However, this last visit was not good for me. I order both the smothered chicken and turkey wing plate, both plates contained gravy rice and veggies. When I got the plates at 1pm the smelled okay. Now this was actually dinner for my roommate and myself, that evening she told me that her plate smelled spoiled. When I got home and smelled mine it also smelled spoiled. The real mystery was what on the plate was spoiled. I wasn't sure if it was the rice or the gravy since we had two different meats. I was very upset because that was 22 bucks worth of food that went to the trash and we had no dinner. When speaking to another friend who had recently (last 3 months) gone there he also said his food went bad after a few hours which is crazy to me. I normally wouldn't go for the service because usually they aren't the nicest to me, but the food was pretty good, but now I will not be going for any reason I'm not going to pay to get sick.Stopped in today randomly and was so pleasantly surprised by not only the sweetest and friendliest people working there but also the food is hand crafted delicious soul food - amazing and I will be coming back! I recommend the gumboI ordered the smothered fried liver with mashed potatoes. It's the best I've ever had!  Generous servings too! Sweet tea is awesome!I recently visited on a Friday during lent to get some seafood. I called in a takeout order and asked what kind of fish plate they were serving. I was told that it was catfish. It turns out that it was not Louisiana catfish, but swai. The peas were alright, but it seemed as though they were canned. The potato salad was a scoop of mashed potatoes sitting atop lettuce. On another occasion,  I ordered the smothered pork chops. The chops were tough and you can tell that they were reheated from a previous day. This place has really changed from when I used to go there before the storm during my college days.I mud bug plumbing service love yo.. food i had the white beans and smoked sausage and a sweet potato delicious pie..Initially I was skeptical about eating at a soul food restaurant, but as soon as I taste the smothered pork chop I was SOLD! The food was ABSOLUTELY delicious! The server was very helpful and made me feel as though I was at home. I will definitely be back to try out different dishes.I was hungry as her and was getting my hair braided up the street. One of the sisters was really warm, the other one was stale. I had the smothered chicken. It was the breast, on the bone and overlooked. The gravy and fried crust could have been so much better if it wasn't over cooked. The yams were not as soft as I would have liked them. But the portion was nice and the food was hot (with heat).I have been in New Orleans for two days now and the people all bragged about Dookys and it was not to my standards. I had to ask the locals were to go and I finally found GOOD food! This made my trip much much better and the prices were very affordable. I had the smothered chicken....yummy! The sweet tea taste like Grandma made it! Highly recommendedVery down home location! The menu changes everyday and we tried so much food were gonna burst ! You will certainly  need a take home bag!I'm a little surprised that the reviews for this place were so varied.  Let me set the record straight -- this place definitely deserves a 5-star rating.  Having moved away from New Orleans many years ago, I'm always looking for good places to go when I return.  My uncle and I found this place on Yelp, and desired to check it out.  We made the right call.  He had the smothered chicken and I had the red beans and rice with it sausage.  We were both very pleased with our selections. 
The portions were quite generous.  I was able to finish my entire meal, including potato salad and cornbread.  My uncle's dish was a bit too generous, and he wound up asking for a take-out box to pack up the remainder for later.
Most impressive was the service.  The woman who waited on us visited us regularly to see how we were doing and if we needed anything else.  Because we arrived there at a time when the restaurant wasn't too crowded, we occasionally chatted with us and made us feel right at home.Two Sisters catered our Community Housing event at Joe Brown last night. The attendees raved about the perfectly seasoned baked chicken, and people were fighting over the macaroni and cheese after the meeting was over. 
They helped us out on short notice, delivered with no problems, and offered an incredible price.
5 stars for customer service, 5 stars for soulfood that reminded me of my grandma.The Bell Peppers!!!!! I live for bell peppers and these didn't dissappoint. Great size and actually gives you two filled with yummy goodness as well as shrimp! The plate comes with Mac N Cheese, Cornbread, Potato Salad, Sweet Potatoes, and gravy and rice if you want that as well. The plate is huge and will last you two days if you like. It is soooooooooo good. 
If you love soul food you need to check this place out. I'm not a big soul food person but this place definitely makes me want to eat it all the time and this huge plate was only 9 bucks people!Two Sisters 'N Da East is my favorite soul food spot! Nice hearty portions that are very well seasoned. Go with an appetite because you will not finish your food in one sitting.Food was plentiful but I found it greasy from the deep fryer.  Veggies had been sitting on a steam table a long time and were quite soft.
The service was very good and attentive and the place was pleasant looking and bright.Set menu for each day. Fried chicken and smothered pork chops were good. Service was prompt and courteous. Sweet tea was true southern sweet tea. Cornbread with every order is perfect consistency and sweetness. Sides were collards, mac'n cheese and peas. No peas but the other side were tasty. MnC could have had more body but was good béchamel base. I recommend 2 Sista's N Da East if you're on the east side of NO.How do you spell hospitality...RUDE. The waitresses did not greet me upon entering, so I just stood there. Finally I asked do I just pick a seat, mind you I'm eating alone. I pick a booth (which are usually comfortable) which is poorly designed. A menu was given but I had to REACH for it (RUDE). I asked for a salad with asparagus, avocado or beets. The waitress just shook her head and said SOUL FOOD. How about fried shrimp salad? SOUL FOOD. I opted for the okra dish. When it was served, you would think the meal was for my invisible companion, for I had to REACH for it. RED FLAG! At this point, I'm very reluctant to partake in this SOUL FOOD. NUFF SAID...NO STARS!!I went to this restaurant for my moms birthday today and I'm from New Orleans so I'm a bit use to this cuisine and it reminded me of both of my grandmothers cooking ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. Baby this food was prepared from the depths of someone's mother or grandmother soul. The waitress was very interacting and friendly as well. Only drawback I wish they'd stay open later.Dont do it..horrible.  was recommended by another relative from chicago.   Can't wait to see him to get my money backWorth the cost for the Lyft and drive from downtown! The fried chicken and cabbage was just beyond delicious!My husband and I decided to visit this restaurant after seeing it advertised on a billboard sign and also at the Essence Festival. In my opinion the food was not good and the service was horrible...now I do realize this place is not a Ruth's Chris but we didn't even receive a greeting once we walked in; after standing at the front corner for about 10 minutes, while the person at the front corner talked on the phone we just decided to ask if we needed to seat ourselves, which we found we were suppose to do. Once we seated ourselves we received no service from a waitress, no menus, and no cornbread, which a couple that came in way after we did got cornbread and service way before we did. After 15 minutes a waitress finally came to our table and we got menus and she took our orders. We had to ask for cornbread, which I believe should be given automatically. 
 I ordered the Smothered Hen, which came with bread stuffing, collard greens, rice, and Mac n cheese. My husband ordered the Smothered Rabbit, which came with the same sides, and a side of Chitterlings. My food came out first. My husband had to remind the waitress, 15 minutes after I got my food that he hadn't received his food yet.. apparently the waitress totally forgot about my husband's food. Well, my Hen was very dry. The stuffing was okay.  The collard greens were not good, they were not seasoned well and they tasted like frozen greens. The Mac n cheese was okay, I was hoping it would have been baked Mac n cheese.  The rice was over cooked. I did try some of my husbands rabbit and its was good, for that I give this place one star.  My husband and I were disappointed;  the food was below average and the service was as well. We will not be patronizing this restaurant again.I've never been disappointed with the food here.  I've tried the stuffed bell peppers, cabbage and greens which are three of my favorite dishes.  The cabbage and greens are really good also.  Looooooooove their cakes.  You get a huge slice of cake and it's well worth it.  My only thing is that they close at 5 so I can only make it on the weekends.  Great food and nice owner also.Very modest place... my first time here. Walk in and seat yourself.   The catfish  was seasoned very well. My husband had pork chops which he said were tough and not seasoned.  The collard greens were not fresh but they were seasoned good...I think they were frozen. I didn't like the way greens were put on same plate and made all of the food soggy with juice.  Specials available throughout the week. Portions are large enough for 2 people.Highly recommend, large portions and great food. I loved the catfish!Special Thanks to Two Sisters In Da East for catering my homeless outreach  affair. This place is the Best for prompt, professional and courteous service. And the food is soooooo good!!!! Thank You All for help making my event a sucess!   Looking for the Best Catering in New Orleans? Look No Futher, this is your place for total and complete satisfaction. I can not wait unitil my next event. Vickie R.Great food. Friendly people. Down home cooking for a great price!  Definitely need to add this place to the list of places to try if you've never been there and want some southern fair. I went in and sat down and was waited on immediately. It's homey. Seat yourself and they bring you everything. Make sure you try the strawberry lemonade. It wasn't on the menu, but I saw someone else with it and asked what it was. My family is from Alabama and this reminded of the food I grew up eating. Will definitely go back when I'm in the area.Delicious soul food and excellent service. I had the veal stew with rice and cabbage. The potions were generous. I left with a carry out box. The fresh cornbread was LIFE. This was my first visit, but I plan to visit again and I would highly recommend.Soul food. Real soul food. Your meal will take up 2 plates and it will be delicious and you will need a nap afterward. I'm sure every meal here is 2,500 calories but it's the real deal.If you are in New Orleans East and are looking for some Soul Food this is your spot.  This is the "sister" Restaurant of Two Sisters Kitchen in Mid City. This joint is in a former Pizza Hut location but has that cozy mom and pop atmosphere deep in Da East as they say.
The menu changes every day and offers a full array of soul food dishes like fried chicken, shrimp oyster and catfish platters, collard greens, turkey necks, smothered chicken, red beans, cornbread... you get my drift.  The portions are huge and the prices are reasonable.  Some of my favorite things here are the gumbo, stuffed bell peppers, and the collards.  The fried chicken is good a well.  Everything is well seasoned and tastes just right. 
This is a cash only spot so don't come in with credit cards, hit the ATM prior to.Ok where do I start.......the food was luke warm not very tasty and the service was not the most welcoming.....overall I will not be returning.....I had such high hopes for this restaurant but I was let down....on a side not it took 20 minutes to get a straw for our drinks. All I can do is SMH and hopefully the owners read the reviews and make some improvements.I love Two Sisters. Good, reliable soul food. I just wish they were open later because it's not often that I'm out this way for lunch.
My favorite is the smothered turkey necks but I tried turkey wings on my last visit and they were good as well.We stopped by here on our way from kayaking up in pearl river. Portions were large enough that we basically had full meals to take to-go (BBQ special and the catfish). Great value and everything came out quick. Also, I could eat my weight in that cornbread. So good!Enjoyed a great lunch here, Ox tails were great with awesome side items. I plan on returning to try other items on menuGreat friendly service.  Catfish was wonderful too.  More food than you can eat.Chitterlings! Fish! Greens! Cornbread! You need to go get some. BUT how can I get dinner when you close at 5:00? Have to figure out a wY to stay open later, make more $$Two Sisters 'N Da East has the best hot sausage I have had.  Their corn bread is incredible as is everything on the menu.  Every day the menu is different and it is one of those restaurants you wish to live in.  Two sisters N Da east are about to adopt a white boy from the west because I'm in love with their cooking.I had eaten here before and when they were at the old location as well but this time I ordered chitterlings, not happy at all they were crunchy how in the world do you serve crunchy chitterlings they hadn't soaked, cleaned these things at all they had a great flavor but the debris in them made them unable to be eaten. Not sure if this was a bad batch or what...this was over a year ago and I have never been back because of this and I pass the building daily! Normally the food is really good, has a great flavor served hot and in rather abundant portions. I don't even have a gripe about the price think it's fair. Restaurant is ok sized not too big its clean. When the restaurant is packed and occasionally it still gets a good crowd although I haven't seen it as busy as it used to be, the staff does the best they can but can be a bit gruff with patrons at times. I may go back but I will never order chitterlings in the street again. I now cook my own, lesson learned !!!We had a craving for soul food and they did not disappoint.  Food was flavorful and plentiful. Priced just rightGot the bell peppers and bbq chicken!!! Out of this world! Will definitely be back! We brought home German chocolate cake and white cake with praline topping and my mama can't get her fork out of it!Almost everyone I know has always talked this place up and I decided to try it a while back. Well let me tell you, I was not disappointed one bit! Food was amazing. A little pricey for some menu items but definitely worth every penny. Someone told me yesterday that they were closing? I really hope it's not true!!Great place to relax a while and enjoy some good southern food.  The service feels like you're at your Mom's house.  They make sure you get some food right away by handing you a salad and some cornbread.  So if you hungry when you go in, no need to wait.Im new to the New Orleans area and was looking for some good soul food. I was point in their direction. Food was average at best. I enjoyed my Turkey Wing, but my salad was wilted from being stored on a random table in the middle of the restaurant and not in a refrigerator. Overall, I've had better at home.I went to Two Sisters for breakfast today because they now open at 7am on Saturdays. I was surprised to only see one other person there at prime breakfast time, 10:00am. I got two eggs over easy with grits and pork chops. The pork chop was delicious, they totally nail breakfast. Plus everyone there was so friendly I can't wait to go back. I hear their Shrimp and Okra is incredible!I love the fact that they give you huge portions. I highly recommend the red beans and rice; perfectly seasoned and always fills me up. It would be a good idea to order your food early because they might run out of food.We had to feed 65 people quickly and cheaply, so we searched various options for a catered meal and finally decided on Two Sisters. We are so glad we did! Not only were they very easy to work with, but they helped us out together a feast on the cheap for our student volunteers. 
The baked chicken became the dish the students compared every other meal to, which says a lot in New Orleans! Side dishes were solid and flavorful. The bread pudding was amazing! 
I would recommend this place to anyone wanting an affordable meal packed full of soul and flavor.Awesome,  Like big mama used to make. The flavor is amazing.  You won't finish your plate because they pile it on. It is a hidden treasure and well worth the drive.Went on a Wednesday for lunch with a few people from my office. None of us had been there but I had read reviews and was intrigued. They have a different menu everyday.
When you arrive, you're given a prepackaged plate with a salad and a scoop of potato salad. The potato salad is really good. The choice of beverages are exactly what you could expect in a soul food restaurant so don't expect to get a diet coke or tea that unsweetened. The food is delivered quickly and portions are huge. I had the collard greens with rice and hot sausage. It was amazing. The cornbread was delicious. 
There were 8 of us there, not one of us could finish our plates and we tried. 1 person had the black eyed peas with rice and pork chops. 1 person had the shrimp with okra. 3 people had fried chicken with the mac n cheese. The other person had what I had. All of us really enjoyed our meals and are looking forward to going back on a Monday for red beans and rice.  
The office tends to go out to lunch once every couple of months and for quite a while we've been going to the same place. We left Sisters 'N Da East that afternoon saying that we have just found our new favorite lunch spot.If you are looking for a good Southern Meal this is this place and I promise you will not be disappointed. I had the Oxtail Dinner and it was delicious. Our waitress was very nice and made us feel right at home.We love going to sisters for some soul food. The prices are great and the portions are big, perfect for leftovers for the next meal. You get salad, potato salad, and sweet cornbread with every meal. The menu is not over whelming with a ton of options which is great. Short and simple makes it easy to decide.So  I was  trying to find some good soul food while on my trip to new Orleans, so I went straight to yelp and this resturant popped up. I decided to give this place a try based on the reviews, when I arrived there was a lot of people so I thought ok this place must be pretty good. Well I placed my order and the food came out rather quickly so that was a good thing. OK so I get back to my hotel room ready to eat and let's just say the pile food on your plates I have never been to soul food place that gives you 5 sides and 1 meat. I ordered the BBQ ribs and they where some type of unidentified ribs not pork nor beef based on the fact that I have ate both before. I tasted them and the taste was even different so they went in the trash cause I don't like to play guess the meat game. The sides that came with the dinner was dressing, mac and cheese, rice and gravy,yams, collard greens, and potatoes salad. The dressing was good, the mac and cheese was good, and the collard greens. I would have to say this was my first and last time visiting this place. The presentation of the plate was too much different food on one plate and it all just runs together. Im just giving 1 star for the 3 sides mentioned in this post.Soooo good! I got the oxtails and red beans. So delicious! I took my order to go but It's a very laid back environment inside. You get SO much food for your money. I have to come backI've eaten here a few times once the meal was delicious. The other times nothing was fresh the greens were frozen and the lemonade wasn't fresh squeezed tasted like country time otherwise is was ok nothing fabulousMy friend and I  came by for lunch around 2:30 on a Thursday. The place doesn't look like very much inside and out. Upon walking in, we were not greeted. I had to ask the woman at the register who did not acknowledge us if we were to seat ourselves, which we were. After we found a sticky table, a waitress came by and brought menus and utensils while another woman dropped off 2 plates with salad and potato salad and another plate with 2 pieces of corn bread. Neither of the women were very polite. 
The potato salad was ok and the other mess on my plate was a sad excuse for a salad. Clumped up chunks of iceberg lettuce, a giant slice of tomato, and a couple slices of pickles which is what I would expect to get in a fried seafood platter from a local Cajuns. The slices of cornbread were big and pretty good, not too sweet, not too dry. Our waitress didn't ask if we had any questions. She basically threw our drinks on the table and ran off because I didn't even get to tell her she had forgotten the straws. She obviously doesn't have any experience with talking to people or smiling.
We had the red beans and rice w/ smoked sausage and also ordered the fried chicken dinner but received the smothered chicken dinner instead. The notepad she was holding must have been just for show. We didn't even bother telling the waitress that the order was wrong because she didn't have a good attitude and made herself out to be very unapproachable.
The red beans were very bland. I added a lot of hot sauce and salt but it was still missing that hearty depth of flavor you expect from beans and rice. It came with a good amount of smoked sausage. My friend's smother chicken was a total let down. The chicken, even though it was drenched in gravy, was flavorless and very dry. The mac and cheese that it was served with was also bland, it would have been better out of a box. The waitress did not come to ask if we needed anything or how our meals were, she only stopped by the table quickly once we were done pushing our food around on the plate to see if we were ok. 
We really wanted to like this place. The food was so disappointing and the service was no better, so we won't be returning nor will we be recommending. And the price? Way too expensive for the quality of the food and dining experience.Spent almost $60 on three plates of food and all three were sour. I called and they offered me a new plate, which I took but soon discovered the new plate was sour too. Stuffed pepper, and macaroni on my other 2 plates were sour as well. My family just threw them all away. I'm so disappointed, If they knew the food had been sitting out all day they should've just offered a refund.I'm currently on tour with the UniverSoul Circus and it is my first time visiting New Orleans! Been looking for some good soul food and I loved this place! Service was great and fast!! Soooo much food for the price and I definitely had plenty for later! I plan to come back before I leave!The food ain't the same since moving to the east it doesn't taste the same. The potato salad is nasty the portions are small.I really expected more from this place after hearing my coworkers rave about this place. I ordered a fish plate and it had one filet for $12. I've never seen something more over priced and ridiculousVery large portions and good food. I've only had their breakfast as it's only sold on weekends but I've never been disappointed in any of my choices.If you are looking for a Soul Food Restaurant in the New Orleans area,  then this one will definitely fit the bill! 
     Excellent customer service first and foremost, followed by a rotational daily menu with a assortment of Soul Food favorites: Smothered Pork Chops, Smothered or Fried Chicken, Turkey Necks, Rabbit, Chitterlings, Ox Tails, Fried Pork Chops are just some of the offerings that they serve.
     I decided to order the Rabbit, Smothered Cabbage, White Rice, Yams, Sweet Peas, and Cornbread with Potato Salad and Sweet Tea. The Rabbit literally fell off the bone and the cabbage was like momma, and I didn't have to wait long for the food to come out smoking hot!
     The portions are definitely going to be enough for the price (you will need a take away container), and they are routinely packed even through the recent living conditions. It definitely is a place worth visiting to eat certified Soul Food!Grabbed a quick lunch here when I was in the area. Easy to miss when you're speeding down the highway, but it's right next to the Winn-Dixie plaza! Plenty of seating -- it wasn't too crowded on a weekday. I took it to-go and my meal lasted me 3-4 meals! Got the smothered fried pork chop dinner. Their portions are HUGE, and come with so many different things: rice+gravy, 2 large slices of pork chop, veggies, potato salad, and a huge piece of cornbread. They threw in some sweet potatoes as well, which was not part of the meal I ordered according to their menu, which was nice. All of this for ~$10, what a steal for some great quality food! I'm not from the area, so the food was a little salty for my taste, but I enjoyed the guilty pleasure. Two Sisters definitely did not disappoint! I will definitely be back to try the smothered okra and shrimp, which was highly recommended to me by the kind lady who took my order.Not many restaurants in the area, but this place is sure to please. Soul food restaurant open for lunch. The food comes out super quick. Large portions. Everything was less than $12. Friendly staff here. Really good cornbread and lemonade. Will definitely be back.Amazing food and quick service. I had the BBQ chicken which was great. They also have great cornbread. I highly recommend itMet up with a friend here for lunch. We had always wanted to check this place out, but never decided to go even though we're from New Orleans East. The place looked a bit rundown, but this place has probably been here for years. The restaurant is pretty secluded with plenty of parking spots for customers. Walking in, we were promptly greeted and seated. The menu is pretty simple and just screams, "Soul Food!" My friend ordered the Stewed Oxtail Dinner and I ordered the Fried Chicken Dinner. I forgot the choices of sides, but we both had the Potato Salad and Cabbage with our entrees.
After barely catching up with my friend, the food comes out in no time! I was thoroughly impressed. We actually got more sides than I had thought it came with. In addition to the rice and gravy, potato salad, and cabbage, our entrees also came with mac and cheese and sweet potatoes! All of that included for just under 10 bucks? Yes, please! I knew all of this food was going to put me into a food coma, but I went all in! The sides were cooked nicely and seasoned well. I was excited for the cornbread, but it was pretty sad. It had good flavor, but it was so dry and crumbly. It was fine, but I did not want to finish it. I liked the fried chicken, but it was nothing too spectacular. I had one of my friend's stewed oxtail and I absolutely loved it! It was so tender and just fell off the bone. It came out piping hot and was full of flavor! 
After our meal, I ended up ordering some food for a couple of friends for take out and they came out so hot and fresh. The server even showed me each to-go entree before packing it up to, which was a really nice gesture. My friends were amazed by how much food there was and also loved their entrees! 
Overall, a great spot for some good ole soul food in NO East! The portions are huge and easily shareable. I have to come back to try some different things, that's if I'm not tempted to ordering the Stewed Oxtail!I rated 5 stars because there wasn't a 4.5. This is great food. If you have a hankering for some good ole southern soul food then this is your spot. Portions are well sized. The menu is a little inconsistent as it changes everyday so what you really enjoyed one day may not be available the next time you visit. The to-go drinks are expensive ($3.00 for a large lemondae which would be a medium size at a fast food joint) so if you get a to-go order it's best to drink at home. Otherwise well worth the wait (about 10-15 mins to cook so call the order in if you're not dining in.)I've been been here a number of times and the food is okay.  Guess I'm just waiting for that WOW factor.  To me, the food isn't seasoned with a variety of spices like other soul food places I've visited. 
That said, I still plan to support this Black Owned Business with hopes that they'll improve the flavors.  
With COVID-19, they are no longer allowing dine-in services, only take out.  They do have hand sanitizer on the order table that blocks guests from going into the dining area and face coverings are required for service.  
We ordered three dinners to go on Father's Day: oxtails, smothered pork chops and I got smothered rabbit.  The  candied yams on my plate were exceedingly sweet as if someone thought they were making Kool-Aid from the 80's lol.  I couldn't eat them at all. The rabbit serving was a huge cube like piece of meat sitting on top of rice and gravy.  
The pros:  Their cornbread is always on point and the serving size is plentiful.  The meatloaf is also good and you get three sides with each meal.  The service is great, friendly and welcoming.  
The cons: Lacks that traditional soul food spice flavor and the oxtails have too much fat on them.  
They do have a steady fan base of customers, which is a good thing and I'm sure that will never change.  Again, I plan to continue to support them and try other meal options but I'd love to see their food flavors elevate.Went today for the Chitterlings and they were amazing. The waitress lady was very nice. The woman taking the money wasn't too friendly. Everything was really good. The potato salad .. I'm a little unsure about. Overall, A great experience. The plate comes with Chitterlings, Yams, Sweet Peas, Rice & Gravy, Potato Salad, and cornbread. You can choose your vegetable; Sweet Peas, Mustard Greens, etcI ate here twice and the food is only okay. Its not bad but not spectacular either, I'm just highly critical of soul food. I ordered the shrimp and okra plate which comes with cornbread and potato salad. It's served over rice and in red gravy. The gravy was tart and could've been a bit more savory. The cornbread was okay, it was thick and....it was just okay. No complaints about the potato salad. 
On my next visit, because I like to give places second chances, I ordered the Tuesday special. It came with two stuffed bell peppers, gravy and rice, and mac n cheese & greens for sides. The lady who took the order was extremely accommodating when there was only one stuffed pepper left and she offered a free meat with my meal. I chose smothered pork chop. I'll start with the good, the sides weren't bad, nothing life changing. The stuffed pepper was decent. As for what I didn't like, the gravy was too thick and tasted on the verge of being burnt. I chalk it up to gravy preference. The pork chop was okay but bc it was in the gravy, I didn't care for it. 
If you like soul food, I do recommend trying them out because everyone has different preferences when it comes to how soul food is prepared. It just didn't do it for me. The only thing I'll be returning for is the candy lady outside selling pralines lol, they were so delicious!The food was nasty not what I expected gumbo didn't even taste like gumbo red beans had no flavor an I had one piece of meat  spent 35 dollars