I had the Grilled Rack of Lamb and it was cooked to perfection.  Very clean, great display of artwork, excellent service & friendly staff.  My family and I now live in St. Louis and we'll make sure that this will be one of our stop for good food when we return for a visit.Absolutely amazing food.   I mean seriously good.  The service is great too.  Love the decor and all the cool art work.   Such a special place.  We always go when we visit New Orleans.
Went back recently,   Still the best food.   This is my favorite restaurant in the world.  Seriously.  It's that good.Once in awhile you have to have an incredible meal, and we did tonight. Upperline in New Orleans is a restaurant in an old converted home with eclectic paintings covering the walls, the private collection of the owner, a charming elderly lady who, like the wait staff, makes you feel right at home.
Reservations are tight but they squeezed us in at 6 pm if we promised to be done by 8. Yep, they expected us to take 2 hrs!  Guess they don't know we are speed eaters.
We had the 3 course "tasting" menu. Perfect amounts of 1) Duck etouffe; turtle soup; Andouille gumbo; corn cakes with jalapeño jelly then 2) fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade; spicy shrimp with jalapeño corn bread; 1/4 roast duck with ginger peach sauce and a burgundy sauce, finally a choice of desserts, we shared creme brûlée and pecan pie ala mode.
It wasn't 2 hours but it was a lovely leisurely meal and absolutely everything was delicious. Mmmmmm.My wife and I spent Labor Day weekend in New Orleans with another couple we are great friends with and when trying to find a place for dinner Saturday night, we wanted something a little nicer than normal. On a suggestion we got at our hotel pool we tried Upperline and couldn't have been happier we made that decision. 
The restaurant isn't huge, but you never feel like you are on top of the table next to you. When you walk-in you are greeted by the owner JoAnn, who also acts as the hostess. Our party of four was seated right away even though we were a little early for our reservation. The vibe in the restaurant is great, the bar has kind of that old art deco vibe to it. 
The menu is very easy to read and everything described very well, in addition we got the specials menu which had a few more options to choose from. Our waiter was very attentive and told us which dishes were the house specialties. 
After much debate on what to order because everything sounded so good, three of us ordered the three course dinner and the forth chose the taste of New Orleans. 
For appetizers, My wife ordered the fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade, her best friend ordered the Mixed Greens, Local Goat Cheese, Crispy Sweet Potatoes, Cane Vinaigrette Salad and I ordered the Duck and Andouille Gumbo. My wife's best friend's husband was the one to get the taste of New Orleans and the appitizer for that is tasting portions of the turtle soup, the gumbo and the duck etouffee. We all purposely ordered different things so we could all share and try everything. I'm not a huge fan of fried green tomatoes, but the shrimp remoulade was great and everyone else loved it along with the friend green tomato. The salad was great, the sweet of the vinaigrette with the crispy sweetness of the sweet potato, mixed with the tang from the goat cheese was great. I didn't get a chance to try the turtle soup or the duck etouffee, but I am guessing they were good because my buddy wasn't too keen on sharing them, HaHa. The gumbo was some of the best I had ever had, great flavor, the duck and the andouille didn't make it too heavy and I think they even use file to thicken it, because I didn't taste on okra in it, but I could be mistaken. 
As for entrees, My wife and her best friend both ordered one of the specials, it was a take on the Sauteed Drum Meuniere, but with lump crab meat on top. Now, when reading the menu, adding certain things to your three course meal will come with an up-charge, but none of the up-charges are outrageous or unfair. The ladies entre choice came with I believe a $4.00 up-charge to get the crab-meat on top.  The fish was perfectly cooked and brown butter sauce complimented it perfectly. For my entree I chose one of the house specialties, the braised lamb shank, with a red wine sauce served over risotto. The sauce had a deep complex richness to it, and the lam was fall off the bone tender. Paired with perfectly cooked creamy risotto, I loved it. The tatse of New Orleans entree is a quarter of the other specialty, roast duck, the fried green tomato with shrimp remoulade, and the spicy shrimp with jalenpeno cornbread. I have never been a huge duck fan, but between my gumbo and the few bites of the roast duck, I am going to have to keep trying it, because the roast duck was amazing. I never asked how the spicy shrimp was, but when my buddy stopped eating it was gone. 
Now the portions at Upperline are generous, and you won't leave hungry, but you have to save some room for dessert. Our table ordered four different choices, the creme brulee, the pecan pie, the bread pudding, and the irish coffee. The irish coffee was not skimping on the Jameson was was great for an after dinner drink. The creme brulee was nice and creamy and not overly sweet, which is something I have run into at other restaurants, they just make the custard too sweet, not at Upperline, just the right amount of sweetness. The bread pudding was moist, soft and fluffy and the toffee sauce again had just the right amount of sweetness to it. The pecan pie was great, and not cloyingly sweet like some pecan pies can be. Which for me was perfect because I don't like my dessert overly sweet. 
After we paid the bill and went outside JoAnn walked out behind us and asked if we needed a cab, and we said we appreciated her asking, but we were going to walk back to the streetcar and enjoy the ride back to the French Quarter. We told how much we enjoyed eating at her restaurant, and it will be a place we visit again when we go back to New Orleans. 
I highly recommend Upperline, it is a great place, with very good food, a good wine list, and most of all an amazing atmosphere.  I will caution you if you are looking for cutting edge cuisine or the latest gastronomical trend, this isn't going to be your type of place. What you'll get at Upperline is great and classic Creole and Bistro food. I suggest you try it anyway.I took my Mom and Stepdad out to eat here a couple of weeks ago.  I hadn't been in the restaurant in years, but it felt the same as ever.  JoAnn was still greeting all of her customers at the door and coming around the dining room checking on her patrons.  It is rare to get that sort of attention from a restaurant owner anymore - so many are now merely outposts of some famous chef or restauranteurs restaurant group.
We opted for the three-course menu for $40.  The food was very good, as good as I remember it being, in fact.  I had a filet with port-wine reduction which was perfectly cooked.  My mom had a wonderful rack of lamb.  All of the food tasted marvelous (didn't taste my stepfather's fish because he refused to let anyone have a bite because it was so good!).  One thing to say about the menu is that you aren't likely to find cutting-edge cuisine at Upperline, but you will find contemporary creole and French food prepared very well.
My one gripe was with beverage service.  We brought a couple of nice bottles of wine to have with dinner, and I can understand and completely appreciate a corkage fee, but $25 per bottle is a bit high, I feel.  Typically when we bring a couple of bottles out to a meal they only charge us the corkage on the first bottle when it is so steep. In any case, I think that they should revisit their corkage policy.
On the whole, you WILL enjoy your meal at Upperline Restaurant.  The food is very good, the atmosphere is cozy and eclectic, and the personalized touch of the owner is welcomed.This place is about three blocks from my apartment and is one of the best in town. If you are here for Jazzfest you can take the street car Uptown, get off at Cadiz and walk three blocks to it.Upper line rocks and rocks hard! From the wine list to the menu and the ambience and service this place is awesome. 
I had been here before but brought my husband for the first time. Everything was so tasty. So well done and right portioned. 
I can recommend the fried green tomatoes, the lamb shank and the drum fish. I also suggest the Vieux Lazaret Chateauneuf du pape. 
I will avoid travel to New Orleans on Monday and Tuesday since Upperline is closed those days!i haven't eaten in a ton of places in new orleans, and not at a lot of the famous touristy ones, but i have eaten in a few, and this was one of my faves.  incredible food (don't miss out on the fried green tomato w/shrimp remoulade), and great service and atmosphere.  it's a higher-end, nice place, but not at all stuffy - it's funky and cool, with tons of local art covering (seriously) the walls.  i'm a big, big fan.Best complete meal I have ever had.  Perfect service and fine dining but not pretentious. Food was some of the best of my life.Spur of the moment, we were lucky just to get a reservation here let alone bringing a 5 month old baby.  The owner re-arranged tables to accommodate the pram/baby, was extremely welcoming and right from the start, we felt as though we were dining at her place.  The waiters are just formal enough to retain that air of detachment needed- in other words, they don't chummily keep pestering you for feedback or conversation.  We found the service quite fast, informative and the food was not gimmicky but perfectly cooked.  Some mighty fine sauces.  We all had the prix fixe menu with its different options and the choices range through spicy to mild, salads, vegetables and yummy desserts.  The restaurant is beautiful to look at too.  Oh, and towards the end of our meal, aforementioned baby knocked a glass of water over, drenching the table but we were never made to feel ghastly about that. We thank the owner and staff for their good grace and being the epitome of hospitality. Everything was excellent and we would return in a heartbeat.Loved every minute of my experience. Food was outstanding.  Service was great.  The owner seems to love all customers big and small.  Hard to beat.First time in New Orleans.  This place was recommended from a person who lives in the area to another person in our party.  
Sure glad we took the recommendation.  It's a few miles away from the hustle and bustle of Canal Street! But the cab ride is only $15 max
One of the best filets I have ever had.
Met the owner! Great, great lady.....very hospitable. 
Next time in New Orleans, (and I'm going back for sure), I will return.I am between 4-5 stars, really 4 1/2 only because our waiter was a bit - chilly. We do prefer service that is not overly cheery/chummy/overdone friendly but he was just a bit on the other side of the spectrum. I got the impression he's been there forever and a day. Perfectly pleasant and we were not left wanting, but just...not all that welcoming and did not ask if we wanted additional cocktails or additional wine after one of each.
On to the food: excellent all around. We got oysters st claude. salad with stilton/pecans, filet, gulf fish meuniere, bread pudding and sundae. Every bite was delicious for both of us. My filet cooked medium was precisely perfect and the béarnaise was wonderful.
The ambiance is charming with many separate rooms, each filled to the ceiling with paintings of every genre by local artists. I wanted to wander into each room and look at all of them but couldn't exactly hover over people whilst they ate LOL. I'll just have to go back a few times to make the rounds of each room. I also loved the lighting - just right not too bright and not too dark. 
We were warmly greeted by the bartender when we walked in, as he noticed the hostess (owner) was preoccupied so he made sure we got an immediate greeting until she came back to her podium. Little gestures like that make a difference. I would have like to chat a moment or two with Joann, as I've read so many nice things on here about her hospitality, but did not really get any chance. She came by our table once to ask if all was ok and did not linger more than half a minute. It was a busy night though, with almost all tables occupied. I did notice she spent time talking to two separate lone diners, which was nice giving them a bit of company and attention.
It seemed like most of the patrons were locals just based on snippets of conversations we heard. We don't know any New Orleaneans but are guessing this is a local favorite which is all the more in its favor. Will visit again next time we are ever in NOLA.Little to add beyond the other Yelpers. EXCELLENT! Appropriately names since this is definitely upper line. Easy to access by trolley, less than a block down Upperline. We misjudged transit time and arrived at 5 for 5:30 reservation...doesn't open until 5:30. They graciously invited us to wait at the bar until opening and gave us a glass of water. We were greeted and thanked for coming by everyone, and our waiter was very attentive. JoAnn made it a point to greet us as soon as we were seated and a few times thereafter. I was most impressed by her attention to details...she had one of the staff sweep up some tiny bread crumbs off a chair, the maitre'd looked at every drinking glass to assure clean, JoAnn even addressed us by name during our brief conversation after the meal even though the waiter took our card , every patron was made to feel they're the most important one there. That's a rare gift. The food was the best! We both had the 3-course Taste of New Orleans; I had the duck, wife had an excellent fillet. Wow! Thanks, JoAnn for an anniversary dinner to remember.Wow, what a local gem! This cute little restaurant is housed in buildings from the 1800s and 1900s. Upon arrival, we were greeted by the owner and promptly seated. Fresh French bread was brought to us. We got the $33 pre-fixe menu which consisted of spicy shrimp appetizer, duck with sweet mashed potatoes and bread pudding. The duck and sweet potatoes was the best fowl I have ever had! The tastes were just melting in my mouth and neither my fiancé or I had any shame about gnawing on the bone like a barbarian, it was just that good. The other dishes were not bad but the duck was worth the trip alone! I did not like my fiancé's prefixe meal. The gazapacho tasted weird and his lamb was ground up reminding me of hamburger meat. However, I highly recommend coming here for the duck! In fact get two orders. Just amazing.My husband and I ate here while in New Orleans based on the reviews.  I can't give it five stars because we had the lamb shank and it was as good as every lamb shank I have ever had for dinner.  We were kind of burned out on shellfish, so we ordered the lamb shank.  The service was good and the owner was very nice and attentive.  Overall a very good experience.Amazing food.  The best of New Orleans.  Take the street car down St. Charles and get ready for the best Cuisine in New Orleans.  Every time we come to New Orleans, Upperline will be a stop for us.  The staff treated us like royalty.The staff was flawless!!!  The fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade sauce is the best I've ever had !!! The slow roasted duck was succulent and complemented with a choice of sauces....delicious! The creme brulee was rich and done perfectly.  If you're traveling to New Orleans, and you're a foodie, you should definitely put The Upperline on your list of restaurants to visit.Nouveau Orleans cuisine.  Top notch with an incredible wine list and great staff.  The foood is above average, but really soars when paired by a knowledgeable staff member.  Most locals who dine out eat here at least once a year.  Make a reservation if you can.I came here with friends on our last night in town, and WOW. What a fantastic meal! 
JoAnne, the owner, was super sweet, and took the time to come by and chat it up with our table. She shared stories of how Upperline came to be. I loved this part of the meal the most! :-) 
I can't remember the "exact" names of the dishes that I had, but I assure you that the food was amazing. One was the spicy shrimp to start. I'm still dreaming about that corn bread! Second course was the shrimp again, with the crispy grits. Again, what's not to love about shrimp and grits?! Finally, the creme brulee. YUM. 
I also love that this is tucked back away from the major touristy places, and that the staff was so amazing!Miss Joanne is an odd bird, but she knows her hospitality.  This place is fantastic!  I make it a point to visit every time I'm in town.
The food is amazing, and well-portioned.  I was fortunate enough to come for the Revillion menu.  Four courses and with each one I practically clapped with joy.  Turtle soup, oysters remoulade (red AND white...mmm so good), duck, and pecan pie for dessert.  Also had bites of the shrimp remoulade with fried green tomato (my usual) and trout.  Everything is perfectly prepared.  
The staff has been there forever, and it sometimes shows in the lack of enthusiasm with some of the waiters.  But who cares?  They bring me food, I eat it and thank them.   Done.
Also another bonus...this is one of the few restaurants in New Orleans open on a Sunday night.   But don't tell anybody or we'll never get a table.Make reservations as walking into is not guarantee you a seat but luckily they made room for me and really enjoyed the meal. Service was attentive Miss Joanna the owner was very sweet and kind and drinks were awesome. Had the sidecar and it was tasty. Ordered the lamb ribs and they were cooked to perfection were tasty just wish I would've ordered a side with it. Had the foie gras and that was too small in my opinion but still good. The dabs of purée or sauce was very good. Will be back to get the duck.We ended up here on a Sunday night, when football crowds made us decide to range further afield for dinner. Though we didn't have a reservation, we were welcomed and given a table in short order. 
The owner greeted us herself, and she made the experience special -- she's a real New Orleans character and took time to come talk to us about the food and to bring us a printout of her favorite things in NOLA. All the staff were very friendly and efficient -- and super kind to me when I broke a water glass. 
The food ranged from good to exceptional. My partner had the Taste of New Orleans menu. He said the turtle soup, gumbo, and ettouffée were all good, though not special, and the duck/andouille combination made two of the appetizers pretty similar in flavor. We had a great bottle of wine from their nice wine list, and I started with the watercress salad. It was likewise good, though not memorable.
The entrees were special. I ordered the baby drum/hot & hot shrimp. The flavor of this, and the delicious jalapeños/habanero combination, makes my mouth water just remembering. Truly a fantastic dish that I will have to come back to New Orleans to taste again. My partner likewise thoroughly enjoyed his selections -- especially the duck. He gave me a taste of a shrimp-on-cornbread thing that was delicious, too.
The bread pudding dessert was absolutely perfect, and everything bread pudding in New Orleans should be. All in all, we loved our experience here, and would come back in a heartbeat.My wife and I enjoyed this restaurant a lot. I would highly suggest the meunière and the duck to everyone. Indeed, the owner makes the dinner very special. She is very kind and attentive to her customers' needs and feedback, it is pretty remarkable considering this restaurant has been open for over 30 years with the same owner.This place is seriously fantastic. I had come here 8 years ago and tried duck for the first time, with the the peach ginger sauce, and never forgot it. This time when I went back, I definitely was just as happy as i was the first time around. Its super traditional New Orleans style food thats perfectly executed.
They have a 7 course tasting menu for $47 which is suuuuuuper amazing (not entirely sure if this is available every night). The portions aren't overwhelming, so you walk away feeling pretty satisfied, but not bursting at the seams.  You get 3 apps (gumbo, turtle soup, duck étouffée) & 3 entrees (Duck w. peach/garlic sauce, shrimp grits, shrimp remoulade with fried green tomatoes) and a choice of dessert. This is definitely the best money ever spent. 
Its really hard to choose a favorite dish, but I really wanted to lick my plate clean after eating the shrimp & grits.We had the best food during our trip to NOLA at Upperline. They hold on to some of the classics and execute them very, very well. 
Service was not all that friendly and the space is not the most cheerful, but I would eat this chef's food on a picnic table in a parking lot.  He has some kind of magic.Great food at a reasonable price.   The fried green tomatoes with shrimp are a great appetizer.   The drum fish with shrimp was an amazing main course.  We also loved the oysters and shrimp with corn meal appetizers.  The food was spiced just right as we do like spice.  We also ordered the duck and while it was cooked perfectly, I personally did not care for either sauce.  We hope to return before we leave New Orleans.  This is certainly one of the best restaurants in New Orleans we have been to.This place exceeded expectations. It's a lovely multi-roomed restaurant with a myriad of interesting wall art. Has an intimate feel which is enhanced by the cloth tablecloths and attentive service. The owner is charming and greets you at the door. The food we had was delicious and the prix fixe menu was wonderfully varied and (for NOLA) reasonably priced. I highly recommend the turtle soup and the roast duck. My husband also enjoyed his filet. When you are ready to explore beyond the French Quarter, check out the lovely Garden District and the Upperline!the food was great, but i was more impressed with the service and the owner's wonderful art collection (lots of paintings of dogs and fruit. who doesn't like dogs and fruit?) we showed up half an hour early for dinner and the kind hostess made us special drinks, gave us a personal tour, etc. the owner even stopped by our table during dinner and gave us a list of her "favorite things" in new orleans. this was a friggin detailed list...right down to her "favorite scents in the air." the atmosphere was just very comfortable and friendly.I had an overwhelming experience at Upperline.  As background, five of my friends walked to Upperline after Endymion was cancelled due to a major downpour. On the way, I took a dive on the concrete and got mud on my jeans.  Luckily, you can arrive at Upperline in any manner as long as you mind yourself once you sit down.  They also took my ball cap at the door.
Once you sit down, you realize that you just arrived at a place where every detail was well thought out.  They have local art along the walls to spur conversation and a wine list that kept one friend occupied for several minutes.  The menu consists of a four course meal for $40.  For an appetizer, I had the P&J Oysters St. Claude.  They were a terrific start that complimented the wine we had settled on.  I also tasted the fried green tomatos which I gladly devoured.  For the entree, I had the Wine-Braised Lamb Shank.  It was tender and brilliantly prepared.  I also had Pecan Pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream for dessert.  All of these choices were divine and I could see that my friends enjoyed theirs as well.  All except one, who felt her Filet Mignon was a little tough to cut with the knife provided.  And to everyone's surprise, the owner, a wonderful lady, came by and cut her steak for her with the chef's knife!  What an embarrassment and treat at the same time as the table ate up the attention.
As a side treat, Anderson Cooper, Kelly Rippa, and friends were sat near us as they were headlining the parade that was cancelled.  It was a lot of entertainment and wonderful memories that I have and will continue to share with others.Absolutely charming, small restaurant in uptown New Orleans. Cozy and chic, it still has the old New Orleans neighborhood feel. It is a bit dressy and pricey, but you should leave totally satisfied.  The food is very good and the service is prompt, if a bit formal, which only adds to the old world, special feel. I had fried, green tomatoes with remoulade and a few delightfully fried oysters, filet mignon, and the pecan pie; 3 courses for $40.  Warm baguette bread arrives on a warm plate with butter.  I had not planned on dessert, but the appetizer and entree were pleasantly small, so that one can enjoy a slice of dessert without feeling stuffed.world class !!!! amazing gourmet food for the price, wonderful old school nola fine dining, 5 star service, beautiful location, no pretense, the owner greats you and oversees every last detail, perfect experiance, hands downFive of us had dinner here during JazzFest. The atmosphere was casual elegant, and the gracious staff made everyone feel comfortable.  My wife had drum with crab topping and loved it. A couple of us had the roasted duck which was outstanding. The three course fixed price dinner had a variety of wonderful selections, and overall a good value for the quality of the food and service. I also want to acknowledge the broad selection of wine and at reasonable prices. All this made for a very relaxing and pleasant evening. We will definitely come back!Truly a gem. Great and I mean great meal. The filet was cooked to perfection. The atmosphere was just right. Friendly service and we will return on next trip to NOLA. don't pass up the bread pudding. Wow.Our party of 10 had an exceptional dining experience here at Upperline.  We ate at some of the most acclaimed places in New Orleans during our long weekend visit and this was the best.  Even our large party got great attention.  The ambiance is wonderful and the food incredible.  My oso bucco was perfect, all the people who had seafood loved it, the wine list was extensive and had a broad price, vintage, and region range.  We'd recommend this to anyone and will certainly be back when our group meets up in New Orleans again.The food was good but the star of the evening was the owner herself.  She was very engaging and did an excellent job of making us feel like guests in her home.  I really enjoyed the time she took in her description of all the characters in the painting that hangs in the foyer.  It's a very cool painting depicting some of the colorful personalities that make a NOLA a truly special place.JoAnn provides a wonderful personal experience that is equal to her fine dining experience.  The fried oysters were the best I've ever had anywhere, and the roast duck nearly as great as my favorite french restaurant in Palm Beach FL.
Everything we ordered was perfectly prepared and everything was special.  The fried green tomatoes and the etouffee appetizer were off the charts.  Two of us had the duck and two had the drum fish and everyone was happy.
We liked the three course $45 deal a lot and enjoyed all the desserts.  The creme brûlée was equal to the many I've had in Paris and the pecan pie crispy and not too sweet.  
The wine lists includes the perfect choices for a great meal.  JoAnn, we all look forward to visiting you again soon.Upperline restaurant is a real hidden gem. Well I guess people in the know really do know because while it was small and unassuming, it was busy. The restaurant itself is in a home and its beautiful rooms are so cozy and intimate. The art on the wall super interesting and stunning. The cocktails were elegant but grown up cocktails. The food was sophisticated yet traditional. I had the etouffe with pepper jelly, fried green tomatoes and the chocolate sundae was magnificent... dark drizzled chocolate with toasted almonds. Finally the hostess and owner came to each table to ask about the meal. I was overwhelmed by this restaurants qualities in the best way.Its only a block or 2 off the St. Charles street car line so makes for a scenic trip out of the French Quarter. No complaints about the food though you can find similar fare in/near the Quarter. As far as value for what you get -- its OK. Service was both professional and frosty. I agree with other Yelpers that its a good place to take your parents.The tasting menu, my friends! Duck étouffée, turtle soup, and gumbo--eye-rolling. The latter two must be among the best in the city... We can't imagine improvements. The duck leg? Best I've ever had ANYWHERE (and that's on its own--both sauces are amazing too though!). And spicy shrimp with cornbread was phenomenal! Okay... And not kidding, the best pecan pie I've ever had, with bread pudding in the top three. 
Our waiter was attentive, patient, and helpful. Owner acts as hostess but will come around to see how your meal went, and she's lovely. Graceful, and truly cares about your meal. An overall wonderful experience. And all at a laughably low price, considering the quality. Must go!Love this place. Love the food, love Joann. This is a phenomenal place. Really good Southern cooking. oysters awesome, tasting menu is nice. It's a very pleasant ambience, casual, with fabulous food. the spicy shrimp rocked and corn bread... whole experience top-shelf.Very nice place with good food!  The wait staff was fine, particularly since I was with a group of 14!  The warm brie salad was a little disappointing, but the rest of my meal was great.  I had the veal grillades with cheese grits and for dessert, creme brulee. It is a little on the pricey side but not ridiculously so.  I love the art!This restaurant is off the beaten track and very unassuming inside and out.  But man they do amazing things with their food.  We tried the tasting menu and it was delicious.  The service was great and the owner stopped by our table to chat.  Very sweet and charming woman.  Interesting decor as it is her art collection from her travels, but overall a wonderful meal all around.This restaurant is a lovely little spot. It is a bit fancier than I can usually afford, but it's near my house and I was looking to splurge. I ordered the Taste of New Orleans or something like that, basically a small serving of their most popular dishes. Everything tasted wonderful and arrived at our table quickly despite the crowd. Our server was very nice and offered her opinions freely on which cocktails to try. The space is very charming; it feels like you're in an old house instead of a bustling restaurant. Interesting artwork covers every available wall. I would definitely return if I somehow manage to find a rich boyfriend to buy me nice food.I alwayd enjoy upperline.  Miss joanne is always sweet. The duck is spectacular. The drinks are devine, the desserts are second to none, wonderful art and vibe!Went part of Coolinary month and had the three course special. Tried the Jerked Pork Shank with watermelon salad as well as duck special. Both were cooked to the level of quality that I was expecting.
The restaurant itself, which is owned by Joanne for 30+ years now is quite the lovely date spot. The middle level right by the windows is a perfect example of New Orlean's characteristic of turning charmy homes into respected restaurants.  
Will be back for more.The food was incredible, and could not have had a more satisfying meal. We went on a Friday night without a reservation and were seated rather quickly. We order off the al a carte menu and could not have been more pleased. Our dinner included the p& j crispy oyster, spicy shrimp with jalapeño cornbread and aioli, goat cheese spring mix salad with crispy sweet potato shavings and Parmesan grits and pecan bread pudding with toffee sauce for dessert. I would highly recommend this to any one visiting the New Orleans area.i'm sorry, upperline.  i know change can be a good thing and lord knows i usually embrace it, but you've changed.  and i don't like it.
the duck, which used to be my favorite thing on the menu - moist and tender on the inside, perfectly seasoned and skin nicely crispy, had been updated in a way that doesn't sit right with me.  there is a rub on the skin now which is overwhelming in its saltiness, so heavy that the skin is no longer crisp and therefore, the meat not as tender.  the sweet potatoes not as creamy, sweet, or plentiful as times passed.  
my beloved oysters st. claude, which used to be presented with just a dollop of garlicky, red peppery sauce on each fried oyster, is now plated on a bed of the stuff - too much of a good thing.  and too much lemon zest in the mix now.
the ambiance is still there.  the service and joanne.  and the prices.  but the food is not the same.  in my heart, the expectations i had for my return meal (post chef change) were so thoroughly dashed i would rate the place 2 stars now.  but removing the knowledge of what it once was, three seems fair.
my search for my favorite duck begins anew.The guy answering the phone lied to me, about reservations, so can't say how it is- there are plenty of other fine dining options in NO!Best meal I have had in many years. If you are lucky enough to get in take advantage.I love this restaurant.  I heard rave reviews for over a year before I tried it.  My pocketbook is glad I held out so long because this is the one restaurant I always want to eat at, but it is not affordable on my current budget.  The food is amazing, the staff is friendly and attentive.  
I have only two complaints.  First, I wish they offered the appetizer sampler that is a part of the 7 course sampler menu as a regular menu item.  Second, when I spend over $9 on an appetizer, I expect more than a bite.  The Duck Etouffée portion was laughably small.  Incredibly delicious, but not good value for the money.  
I wish I could eat the Sauteed Baby Drum Meuniere every day of my life. 
So far, I've introduced several people to this restaurant and every single one has walked away happy.One of the best meals that I have eaten in my three years in NOLA. The price is reasonable too. I will definitely go back.Had a fantastic dinner here!!! Loved that this was outside the French Quarter and was filled with locals who had come there to dine. The elderly owner, JoAnn, is there every night and had a nice chat with my wife and me. She had the Cane River Shrimp & Grits. I had the taste of Nola. Shrimp was incredible! Overall, my taste of Nola was good but if i had to go again, i would just order an appetizer and a main dish. While i LOVED the duck as part of the sampler menu, everything didn't quite taste hot enough, especially the soups. And the tasting menu seemed a bit steep in price. Drinks were reasonably priced and delicious. The bartender Gerard is A++++ and super friendly, just like everyone else there. The restaurant is an old home covered in beautiful artwork. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant to everyone! Get out of the French Quarter and visit a true mom & pop restaurant that cooks excellent Louisiana cuisine with friendly and kind service.Writing this is like punishing your kid. I really loved this place, but judging solely on food, I couldn't give this place more than a 3. 
The place has a great vibe, and the service was beyond great but it literally came down to the food. 
The fried green tomatoes and shrimp remoulade was alright. The sauce was very overpowering and kind of smothered the tomato to the point where the tomato went soggy. The sauce was also very cold and the tomatoes were room temperature which made them very cold right away.
I ordered the veal. The veal was pounded really small, but it wasn't breaded, but it maybe was seared with flour, either way it was almost a cutlet but not. The top of it had quite a bit of grease pooling in the texture of it. The sauce that came with it was delicious but there wasn't enough sauce on this one (I'm sounding like goldie locks). The grits were really, really delicious. Someone at our table ordered the filet which was cooked perfectly, but the side was just a plain roasted potato. 
I ordered the creme brûlée at the beginning of my meal, and right after they took our plates they very nicely told me that they were out of it. Understandable, they for sure make them daily and do not store them. The bread pudding was very good. 
Overall it wasn't an unpleasant experience by any means. It just was good, not something to right home about but definitely a good experience. The owner and the ambiance is enough to convince you to come through the door.Had a fantastic experience there Sunday evening. My evening started with a refreshing Pimms cocktail. The Prix Fixe menu had great options from to the fried oysters to the fried green tomatoes to the shrimp with porcini mushrooms and on to the bread pudding - it was all delicious and well-prepared. Our hostess was a delight, funny and charming, bubbling around the dining area, connecting with her guests. A youngish staff did a good job of serving the busy dining room. One con: there's not much room to wait at the bar. This is one of those neighborhood gems you kinda don't want to spoil by telling everyone.I celebrated my wedding anniversary at Upperline last night (a Wednesday night) and was very impressed and enjoyed my evening. This was our first time at Upperline, after dining at many of NOLA's great restaurants. I think a more accurate rating would be 4.5 stars, but I'd rather give 5 than 4 stars. 
Food - Everything was excellent. We had the three course tasting menu, which for $40 is very reasonable. To start, I had the shrimp with fried green tomatoes, which was amazing. My husband had the P&J Oysters - even better than mine!. I had the lamb for my entre and my husband had the roasted duck. Both were excellent, though the duck was probably the best duck my duck-loving husband has ever had. For dessert I had the bread pudding which was top notch and my husband had the sundae, also very good with its homemade syrup.  - Truly a 5 star meal.
Ambiance - relaxed yet refined; also 5 stars. I especially like all the art on the walls.
Service - This was the only minor deviation from our 5 star experience. The waiter seemed kind of cold and stiff initially, though he did lighten up by the end. Also, he gained major points by bringing us candles in our desserts for our Anniversary without us even telling him of the occassion - I think he saw the anniversary cards we were reading. Still, the service is where I would give 4 stars rather than 5. 
All in all we really enjoyed Upperline and would definitely return.Some hits and some misses.  Fried green tomatoes sliced way too thick and they were not good. I didn't know you could screw that up.  Duck, however was very good.  I thought portion sizes were small for the price.  You won't have anything to take home if you come hungry.  We had reservations, but waited 40 minutes for a table.  Bill was $180+ including tip and tax for 2 and we only had 1 bottle of $30 wine.  We did have 1 drink each at the bar that was about $15, but we were stuck there waiting for our table.  We even had to wait about 15 minutes to get the attention of the bartender to get the d*m drink.Came here tonight (on a Sunday) for dinner which is about a 15 min ride from the French Quarter.  JoAnn the owner is so personable and such a sweetheart. 
Duck and andouille gumbo - flavorful & very good 
Duck and andouille etouffe - flavorful & very good
Fried oysters - good
Duck - tasty and tender 
Lamb shank - excellent and tender
Bread pudding - very good
Creme brulee - very goodOutstanding!! I had dinner with my wife there last night to celebrate Valentine's Day! Everything was excellent. I'd say it is definitely in the Top 10 of  NOLA eating establishments. Service was outstanding !!! I highly recommend the "Taste Of New Orleans" & the Sundae. Living in NOLA,  one never has to eat @ any restaurant twice because there are so many fine eateries to choose from. The Upperline is one of those I'll definitely return to.You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu, but I recommend the Taste of New Orleans, which includes most of their specialties such as fried green tomatoes and the fried oysters. Joanne the owner is a delight and exactly the personality that you want as your restaurant host.This was a famous restaurant in New Orleans that has been around forever. My wife and I went here for dinner one night and got to meet the owner. She took us around and showed her art off to us that adorns the walls in this place. It is a huge art collection and she says she has so much that sometimes she changes the pictures out in the restaurant with ones that are home. The wait staff is top-notch and the food is off the chain great. If you only get to eat at one restaurant in New Orleans this is the place to do it.Great place to be with friends. Service outstanding. Food perfect. Exactly what a neighborhood restaurant should be, but could stack up next to any restaurant in the world.This is less of a review and more of a "Thank You".  I have had great meals in my time but coming across a great experience is a whole different matter.  Last night my wife and I went to Upperline for their Coolinary Menu.  The food was fantastic and will rank up there with my favorite things I have ever eaten, but it was everything else that made the experience so nice.  The service, the surroundings, the smiles...they all contributed.  So, thank you JoAnna, for your hospitality, your sincerity and an experience I will think fondly of for many years to come.Exquisite!! A true NOLA gem. Fine dining in an unpretentious setting. The 7 course tasting is a perfect way to sample the specialties.  However a 3 course $40 meal is an option as is ala carte. Fried green tomatoes are a must.  Reservations are a necessity.I had an excellent meal here. Every course was solid and good. My salad was dressed perfectly. My entree was very good and the dessert was excellent. The service was outstanding. Upperline is an Uptown gem!We arrived with high hopes but left a little disappointed.  Service was prompt and courteous.  The portions seemed too small for some dishes.  We talked and the flavors seem dated, like from 1990's, mild flavors, just needing a kick. 
Went there based on reviews but will not go back.This is a wonderful restaurant, with a lot of warmth, some good food and a nice mellow atmosphere.  the food isn't necessarily unique, but nothing is fried or battered or drenched in so much sauce that you can't taste it.  it's new orleans' food in its simplest form, but with some interesting sauces that are always on the side.  the restaurant is housed in a very old building, and the restaurant has been family-owned for 28 years (Joanne is a treasure, and a bundle of 71-year old energy), and the original art everywhere on the walls (even in the bathrooms) makes the place warm and gives it a casual feel.  i would definitely eat here again.  the $40 three course deal is definitely worth the money.  Upperline is a winner.  Better make a reservation...as it's only open for dinner five days a week.Food was missing most of the spice.  Tasting menu was ok, and worth a try if you have never eaten in New Orleans.  But the turtle soup was acidic, and the sherry was added at the table (who does that?).  The andouille gumbo was good.  The duck was tasteless.  Their "hot and hot" shrimp is just peppery, not really spicy.  I had expected a restaurant of this caliber to know the difference.
Art is interesting inside, and the service is great.   But at these prices, especially in New Orleans, we expected more.What a great experience from start to finish! They were able to squeeze us in for a same day reservation (I wouldn't count on that!) and seated us as soon as we arrived. Our waiter was clearly knowledgeable but careful about when to weigh in and when to step back (you should always trust your waiter in a place like this!). Dishes were served beautifully and surprisingly quickly. 
We enjoyed different salads and fried oysters, followed by roast duck and veal roulades, with crepe brûlée and pecan pie. The salad greens were same-day fresh and lightly dressed. The duck was moist and flavorful, alone or enhanced by either a peach ginger sauce or a garlic port sauce (the sauces were both fabulous!). The creme brûlée was better than my own -- something I can almost *never* say about creme brûlée in a restaurant-- and the pecan pie was so good that it didn't even benefit from the scoop if ice cream it came with. I can't speak to the oysters or veal but I noticed they were entirely consumed with no complaints.
In short, this is a gem of a restaurant and one we will all remember for years to come!Charming, quirky, fancy and delicious, Upperline is a must if you are in New Orleans and looking for that spot a little off the beaten path.  The owner is Joanne, an incredibly warm and welcoming hostess who personally ensures that all parties are satisfied.  And with the food coming out of this kitchen, there's no way to not be.  The menu is prix fix, with all offerings featuring a culinary tour of New Orleans, and for the quality, the prices are quite reasonable.  Definitely make reservations (call on Wednesday at 1pm CST), and get out here!We've been here at least half a dozen times.
The food is always excellent and the service is usually the same (we did have a snooty waiter one time but I think he is gone now).
The owner is a fabulous hostess and always makes you feel right at home.
One of our favorite restaurants in the city.This is a wonderful place to spend an evening. The food was unique, with flavors that delighted the palette. The choices were straight forward but plenty and varied. Something for everyone. The wine list was approachable and reasonably priced, so there were options from the studied drinker but nice on the pocketbook. 
The waitstaff was knowledgeable, and encouraged you to interact with them. They were a big part of being relaxed with the experience. No review would be complete without mentioning the owner. You felt as if she were welcoming you into her home as her personal guest. She is a dear.
I had the Rack of Lamb. Maybe the best I have been offered. Cooked to perfection with a sauce to die for. One daughter had the Shrimp and Grits. She made short order of it and loved it. The other daughter had the Duck Breast and pronounced it in her top two or three and she eats it everywhere. My wife had a fish special and was more taken with the presentation and all of the unique offering on the plate than with the fish. Like me, she was unable to consider desert, just too satisfied already.
Like many of the very special places between the Garden District and Audubon this one should be on everyone's list to not miss. We will be going back!I'm usually not one of those people who runs to places as soon as they see them featured on TV. Most of those are tourist traps. However, there was something very fascinating about seeing Upperline on "The Best thing I Ever Ate". The duck just looked fantastic in every way. 
After securing my reservation a week before, I was incredibly excited. As an aside, Joann the owner spoke to me for a good five minutes and was such a nice and pleasant woman. She asked how I had heard about the place.
The restaurant is a finely run well oiled machine. Within a second of sitting down, the bread comes from the kitchen, which seems to be a recurring theme in New Orleans. Bread was replenished multiple times over the span of the meal. An amuse bouche also comes to the table, which was a really sweet touch and something not found in many NO restaurants. Nice to see they are attempting to stay modern with the times, even though the place is classic.
I really liked the interior of the place. Casual, yet classy. Colorful photos and a warm atmosphere. By 6:30 the place was jam packed. And price wise? How reasonable is 3 courses for $40? That is unheard of when dining in a place of this wonderful reputation.
Since I am a glutton I added an extra course and boy am I glad I did.
First was the spicy shrimp with jalapeno cornbread. So delicious, and everything I wanted in an appetizer. Perfectly portioned, 4 large shrimp set atop moist sweet cornbread covered in tons of caramelized red onion, and a spicy sauce dotted with some creamy dots. This was just screaming New Orleans and was just the right amount of heat and spice as to not overpower the shrimp and palette.
Next was the fried oysters with 2 remoulades. Again, New Orleans personified. Perfectly fried, served with a reddish remoulade and a creamier white remoulade and something that resembled coleslaw in the middle to cool down the spicy remoulades. Another fine plate.
Then the piece de resistance. I have to admit 3 days earlier I was sorely disappointed by my duck at Brigtsen's. So naturally I was afraid that I would again be let down by the duck at Upperline. However, this duck lived up to the hype and more! So incredible.. everything you want in a duck dish. The plate came to the table SIZZLING, with the waiter warning me as to not touch the plate in fear of getting burnt. Staring at the huge specimen in front of me I grinned intensely awaiting cutting into it and sinking my teeth into the much anticipated duck meat. Presented with 2 great sauces, pecan sweet potatoes, and as two large duck legs still connected, which I've never ever seen before. This was like duck on steroids. The skin was so crispy, seasoned well, giving way to some of the juiciess duck I have had to date. When done well, duck is one of my favorite foods. But it also very difficult to get right but here they nailed it perfectly. It didn't need the sauces but they just added to the over the tope deliciousness. Garlic port was my preference over the ginger peach but each definitely had its place. The sweet potatoes were amazing and I only wish they were 4 times larger. 
To end a nice honey-pecan bread pudding. If there was one plate that wasn't utterly amazing it was this one. Thankfully, I knew I was going to have Creole Creamery afterward so it was no big deal. But it was just decent and nothing special by NOLA standards. Galatoire's, Luke, Mother's, were all better.
Truly, one of the best complete meals I have ever had. So much so that the next time in New Orleans, I am making this a MUST.
And even though Joann couldn't be there to share it with me, I spoke to her husband afterward who called me a cab and had a wonderful convo with him while I waited. He told me that even though the chef is new and in flux, the menu will not change! I told him that they should never change it because this place is a gem and tradition stands the test of time. If it isn't broke down fix it!.Loved, loved, loved the food and service was as good as it gets. Interesting decor and a scenic drive from our hotel on Canal Street. Completely worth the journey.We went here for our 15th. wedding anniverary. We were looking for a restaurant that had great food and a homey but romantic atmosphere without to much attitude. We found a great treasure. The food was excellent and the attention from the staff was perfect. They were not intrussive, but very attentive. 
The old converted house had just the right charm and small intimate areas. The food was delicious. the tasting menu had a taste of the best of the menu and was extrememly affordable. 
My husband and I have been to many much more expensive rstaurants that didn't give as much for your money. This was a great find. We will definately be back.I ordered the 7-item taste of New Orleans and my wife ordered the similar 3-item option.  We both enjoyed the dishes, particularly the duck etouffee.  The bread pudding and pecan pie we both well prepared and enjoyable.  We highly recommend a visit!Another fantastic Uptown Restaurant! The atmosphere is eclectic, open and fun. The owner is the most welcoming women I have ever met.  
The spicy shrimp cornbread and garlic chicken were perfect. The experience could only get better with the bread pudding!
The only downfall I have is the parking. We drove in circles for a while and were a few minutes late to our reservation, but it was totally worth it.Best dinner we had in NOLA.  We are from NY and have been to many fine restaurants. Service was perfect, food was delicious.  Can't wait to go back!!!!!!Two friends and I had dinner at Upperline during our girls' weekend, and everything was fabulous. We had a great bottle of wine. I had the fried green tomatoes appetizer and my friends had the oysters. We all had the roasted half duck and a side of mustard greens for sharing. I would have never chosen the duck, but our waiter recommend it, and it was excellent. Also, these were the best tasting mustard greens I've ever had!  For dessert, we had the pecan pie and creme brule. Two of us love to cook, and we were all happy with our meals.  The service was great, and we enjoyed talking to JoAnn.  I give Upperline a well deserved 5 stars!So we were visiting the city and we were recommended to eat here and I'm SO glad that we did. I left a vm and within 1 minute, the owner phoned me back, apologized that I had to leave a message and confirmed my reservation. She was so kind...too the time to ask where I was from and that she was looking forward to my visit. I ordered the 3 course Louisiana taster which gave me 7 dishes to try including desert. They were ALL AMAZING. Even the coffee I had with the bread pudding. And Joanne (sp?) Came by our table to see how we were. Told us about the history and how she could have never made it without her loyal team.  So the service, food, environment was just wonderful. Thanks to the staff for providing us an amazing meal and time. If you want an amazing meal outside of the chaos of the French quarter, you MUST try this place.