Went there for dinner on Saturday night with a party of two.The food was good but the service slow.We were seated by the bar.......so make reservations before going if you want a table.I had the grit cake and collards which was very tasty and my friend ordered the alligator bites which I tasted and were EXCELLENT!!!Nothing really impressed me with the food while it was all edible in a decent mediocre sort of way.  The service was inattentive and too slow for my liking but they did eventually get around to refilling drinks etc.  I have certainly had worse and certainly I have had better so this place does do some NOLA style food which is probably better than many other places outside of of New Orleans.  There is a decent little courtyard and a decent bar while the bathroom was back inside the hotel and was a bit of trip to find along with being unclean (also they were out of towels to dry your hands with).  Certainly seems more of a tourist haunt/hotel restaurant joint than anyplace I would make a regular habit of visiting so it is what it is and I guess it serves the hotel guests and tourists well.We had a team dinner for work here while in town for a conference. I can't say enough good things about the level of service (including planning the dinner) and the amazing quality of the food. This was some of the best NOLA style cooking I've had, and I've eaten at a lot of places in town! I'm definitely looking forward to returning to Vacherie.Vacherie has a very nice interior and gives off the vibe of an upscale, yet affordable restaurant. However, our experience eating was quite disappointing. First, the service was awful. Our food took over an hour to arrive despite the restaurant not being crowded, and it was clearly understaffed. Our waiter was busy with all other tables, making it difficult for him to check in on us. Second, when our bill arrived, it contained an extra order of an entree. While they promptly removed it once we pointed this out, since we were a large party, we came extremely to missing this and overpaying by $20. Third, the food itself was mixed. The roast beef poyboy was a hit, but other dishes such as the shrimp etoufee were disappointing. But if you like collard greens you will love this place because they give you tons. Overall, had the service been better this place would be between a 3 and 4 star based on the nice decor and decent, but somewhat pricey food.Ate at the bar....nt the too cute restaurant.  Fresh, not deep fried alligator.  Real blue crab dip, not canned w/ mayo.  The reviews are spot on, this place is good.Cute place with nice charm. My eggs Benedict were perfect and we only had a 5 minute wait. Would recommend.If you are lucky enough to stumble upon this gem of a place, just a stone's throw from the debauchery of Bourbon St, then whoever you say your nightly prayers too, thank em doubly. 
My husband and I celebrated our anniversary last week in New Orleans and after a harrowing night of hurricanes and hand grenades, we needed a quite place to recover. The venue was relatively empty, bar some locals and our wonderful servers (who'll I'll rave about in a bit) and we're promptly shown a menu that soothed troublesome tummy just the sight of it. 
We began with a serving of buffalo bacon mac and blue cheese in a skillet. This is one of the most mouthwatering morsels I've ever had the privilege of digesting. It sounded so good, I put my lactose intolerance to the side, and I was not disappointed. 
The next course was a New Orleans sampler. Gumbo and shrimp étouffée and collard greens with pork belly and a side of the best fried green tomatoes that ever did get fried. 
Our service was amazing, Paul and Victoria are so personable and it felt like we'd step into our Ol local where the food tasted like home and the service felt like meeting friends for a drink at the end of long hard day. 
Please note though, it's a beautiful local bar and is definitely not a place to get wild in, please be respectful of that when choosing where to dine in old Nawlins.I asked the concierge at our hotel for a restaurant suggestion and my three wishes were: Good food, casual, and quiet enough to have a conversation. The concierge sent us to Vacherie and we were all (party of 4) pleased.
The food was VERY VERY Good. I had the local cured smoked meat, pickles and cheese board and the Crawfish Etoufee as my entree. The only part of the evening that wasn't great was the coffee.....YECH! Not a great way to end such a pleasant experience.I don't usually write reviews but I felt the need to share. This was the first place we ate when we got to New Orleans and I was really looking forward to it based on how good the menu looks and the reviews, but it was very disappointing. The dining room was clearly understaffed and we were sitting for at least 10-15 minutes before anyone brought us waters or a drink menu. When we finally ordered and our food finally came I asked for another glass of water that never came. None of the servers checked on us until we finished our food and asked for the check. I ordered the duck leg with dirty rice and my boyfriend ordered the gumbo and the po-boy. My rice and his gumbo were both cold and the rest of the food was just okay. I'm not sure if this was just an off night, but I definitely wouldn't eat here again.I have no idea how the food is.
I called down from our room for room service, we had a ride picking us up and didn't have time to venture out and forage for breakfast.
The phone rang about a hundred times. When the woman finally answered and I said I wanted to order room service she said "oh honey I'm too busy to deal with that right now" and put me on hold.
After a while on hold, I set the receiver down and finished getting ready. We were still on hold when we were ready and decided to go down to the restaurant. When we got downstairs the woman was very harried and seemed put out by our presence (she didn't know we were the same people). She said there was a 20 minute wait to get a table. We wandered into the little deli next door and got breakfast sandwiches (which also took forever).
We went back upstairs to use the restroom before our ride came and we were still on hold to order room service. 
I wonder if I'd still be on hold if I hadn't hung up.I was in New Orleans with a group of 20 for a week-long retreat and we made special arrangements to have all of our breakfasts and lunches here the whole week. The food was delicious, so homemade, and made with so much love. My friends and I all agreed that the mushroom-spinach lasagna that Chef Daniel made is the BEST LASAGNA we've ever had. The tomato basil soup we had on the second day was of the best soups I've ever had (I'm not exaggerating). All of their salads (fresh greens, tuna salad, chicken salad) that they served us for lunch were fresh and wonderful. Seafood gumbo with oysters was a treat. Claire was a gracious host who always made sure we had everything we needed. Of all of the restaurants we tried, this was one of the best.Late breakfast on a Monday. Staff wasn't very attentive. Limited menu. I ordered the granola with greek yogurt & fresh fruit. Not really what I expected. The granola was a little burnt & the put the fruit in your yogurt as opposed to the side. In addition, I got the Johnny Cake as a side option; absolutely delicious. Love the texture of the cornmeal in it. Plus, it wasn't that sweet.
My friend had unseasoned grits with eggs that she had to drown in hot sauce for flavor. Overall, I don't have to visit here again. Expected more based on reviews.We were there on Sunday afternoon and had a lovely time in the bar area with drinks and happy hour food...all good. The bar tender was very friendly and she made the experience enjoyable for us. We remembered the name of the place we were trying to tell her about. It is called Sweet Lorriane's in case she reads this review :)My fiance and I recently visited New Orleans to photograph a wedding, and the first night after long flights were just looking for somewhere close and easy to our hotel, The Maison Dupuy. Well our first meal while in New Orleans was also one of the best! My fiance had the fried shrimp po-boy, which was good, but my beef "debris" po-boy was out of this world! I am often quite picky about the quality of meats that I eat and I had zero problem with this! The sandwich was large and incredibly tasty, and also came with a side of roasted potatoes that were so delicious and flavorful! The waitress highly recommended the carrot cake but was out, so we tried the bread pudding which was yummy. The next day, after spending all day in the heat and humidity photographing a wedding, we came back for drinks, alligator bites, and the famed carrot cake (which did not disappoint). Overall a wonderful little place with friendly staff and very yummy food!Delicious and well priced breakfast! Had the two egg special and it was well cooked and more than enough. About $30 for two of us including beverages. Service was friendly and fast. The johnny cake was huge and delicious. Best Ive had since I went to Belize. The OJ tasted a little funny so I would opt for another type of juice. Definitely would go back!I saw this restaurant advertised online and decided to check it out. I'm not big into meat, which isn't exactly ideal in New Orleans, so the chef's fresh vegetables plate was a must for me. I got it with yams, okra, and brussels sprouts and it was delicious. No one at my table was disappointed with any of their dishes. 
Being so close to Bourbon Street I was worried about the type of people in the restaurant and the noise, but it wasn't noisy at all and the people were all classy.Stumbled across this place visiting New Orleans, the service was great and the host was extremely friendly and made the time to provide us tourists some information about things to do while in New Orleans. We felt very well accommodated and will definitely be back.Fantastic place, has a lovely courtyard space. And since it's a few blks from Canal, there isn't a mad rush.
We went there for brunch and had the Andoulie Hash, totally yum and the Breakfast Bread Pudding, very delish.  Will def go again!Breakfast/Brunch was awesome - Service (Sue) was excellent!  New favorite spot and cannot wait to try a dinner.  Everything is local and made from scratch, truly authentic and soooo good!Lovely breakfast with Croque Madames and mushroom omelette with scrumptious biscuits. Only complaints would be the coffee was not awfully tasty and the service was a little slow and inattentive.Stopped here on our first night And ate in the bar area.  Only one person working the bar and food area.  Allotted on the slow side but the bartender /server was fast and efficient - just busy during our visit.  The food and drinks made up for the wait.   Food was cooked to perfection.Great food. Got the boudin benedict I believe it was called. Delicious. The lady went with the special which was biscuits and gravy and that was great as well.Had a nice little meal here. Had the beef, house salad and carrot cake.  Nice environment in the bar with very nice staff!! The food was excellently prepared and tasted fresh.  The salad was excellent!  I will go back!!!  Price was very reasonable!!!No wait and amazing food. just one problem.......the lady that sat us down had a major attitude problem. With that locality and food it should be a no brainer for eating there. i just suggest that management should look a little closer at their staff.Vacherie was the perfect place for our farewell wedding brunch! We were able to accomodate our 90 out-of-town guests comfortably in the courtyard and adjoining private dining rooms. Our guests were able to wander freely and enjoy two buffets in either room, so there never was a line! Thanks to Claire, the fabulous events manger, we were able to truly enjoy ourselves! The food was fresh and our guests (foodies to say the least), raved about the chivory coffee, warm biscuts and our favorite, the fried green tomatoes. We'd recommend Vacherie for any event, brunch or dinner due to its excellent service, great food, warm atmosphere  and fair prices!Was mesmerized when my eyes caught happy hour from 3-7 with gator sausage for $5 (mixed with pork), which was good and spicy (house mustard was the bomb) as all their food and dressings are fresh from scratch.  Though happy hour consisted of well drinks, beer flights, and wine. The fruit punch tasted like real fruit juice as it was orange in color compared to your typical Gatorade red Hawaiian Punch. 
Sue our bartender was attentive, hardworking, experienced, and best of all a sweet heart! She was great to talk to but also was capable of ensuring everyone's requests were fulfilled on the spot.  It made it an extremely pleasant visit as she reassured that we could be comfortable just hanging out from a long days walkBest damned coffee in the French Quarter! I've tried them all! Rob is always super nice and makes a great iced mocha!My husband and I are incredibly impressed with this place. We came for breakfast first. I had the croque madame with grits and he got the andouille hash with a biscuit. Oh man these were delicious! The croque madame was wonderful. Crispy edges, a perfectly cooked egg on top, and just enough Dijon to brighten and contrast the gruyere béchamel. The grits were standardly great - good with butter, sugar, or cheese. My husband said the hash was perfectly portioned, seasoned well and just tremendous. The biscuit was excellent- dense, warm and soft. I wish I could make this at home!
We came back the same night for dinner. We desperately wanted salads and their menu had the best offerings in the area. We sat in the cafe/bar area due to a private party in the restaurant. The bartender was extremely attentive and nice. The salads were exceptionally portioned. I had the cob and my husband, the fried oyster spinach salad. The dressings were superb. Everything was fresh. My only comment is the season on the blackened chicken was a little strong for my liking, but nothing to put me off. 
We couldn't recommend this place more! I have a feeling everything is good.Wonderful dinner. Fantastic value. We had the fall dinner special, so a three course meal for the price of an entre anywhere else in the quarter. Service was great and it was a cozy nice spot (we dined in he bar).Fantastic addition to the Quarter.  Went here for dinner before strolling Royal for Dirty Linen.  The gumbo is some of THE best I've ever had.  The roux was cooked perfectly giving the gumbo that nice dark carmel coloring and a good thickness.  You could actually taste the file which I think most places leave out... which boggles my mind.  The ceviche was tender with a bit of kick on the back end.  Nice surprise there.  The red fish was perfectly flaky with crispy edges. Sadly though, the veggies were way over salted... and I mean WAY over salted.  Must have been cooked by someone who hates eating their veggies so they over salt them to kill the natural taste.  Shame because I love properly cooked veggies with absolutely no seasoning.  The sauce for the bread pudding is divine.  I could have eaten an entire bowl of just that!
The service wasn't great.  We were the first seated and didn't get our water until two other tables were seated and received theirs.  
CHEERS to the chef for excellent gumbo!!!Never have I been so insulted in life here in New Orleans until visiting this place.  I'm always bragging on how nice and friendly people are. The bartender  Paul (don't think is his real name) was so rude and I could tell he was not in the mood to really serve. After speaking with him and asking if he forgot about us in my nice and friendly tone.He coped an attitude and decided that he will not serve us. I'm now waiting to see how the night manager Victoria will handle this. Will provide another update soonWe stopped in the front of the restaurant for a quick lunch. After all of the huge, fattening meals we had during the week this was a welcome respite. Simple menu of fresh sandwiches and salads that were filling but didn't make us feel too full or gross. 
We had the grilled cheese with bacon, tuna salad and bagel with lox. All of them were good. Even better was the awesome bartender and the drinks she kept bringing our way!Amazing food! You won't regret it. The only reason I gave them 4 instead of 5 is because the lady that greeted us at the door was extremely rude. But our waitress Aretha was really nice!I discovered this place to late in my visit to the French Quarter. It was Sunday afternoon when Marielle told about Vacherie. When I went after the Yelp Summer Splash Social, I discovered on Sunday evenings they have limited service. 
However, I was able to enjoy a refreshing vodka cocktail and and an order of Brussels Sprouts with bacon at the bar. Vodka is my booze of choice and Sprouts are one of my favorite vegetables, so I was still a happy diner.
On Sunday they have Happy Hour 3-7 PM and serve an abbreviated dinner at the bar 6-10 PM. 
When: August 28, 2016
Why: Dinner, but settled for Happy HourI used to like Vacherie, I really did. My boyfriend's place is right down the block, and since I'm there more than half the time, I considered it my neighborhood joint as well. We used to come by all the time and have drinks at the bar while chatting it up with Goldie, a friendly bartender who knows how to make a great French 75. I wasn't a huge fan of their lunch or dinner food, but breakfast was pretty fantastic. I liked it so much, I brought my beau's kids there one Sunday morning so they could fill up their bellies with French Toast.
Having only gone there before with other adults, I didn't realize the main entrance (not through the hotel) was just the bar area and that you had to be 21+ to sit there. They have several tables in that section, including some outside on the sidewalk, so I figured it was just an extension of the restaurant. There was no signage either to suggest otherwise, and the atmosphere screamed "cafe" rather than "BAR" so I assumed all ages were welcome.. As soon as we sat down, the bartender (not Goldie, of course) brusquely informed us, "This is a bar, and kids are not allowed in here." Mind you, she said this in front of the kids, making them feel plenty awkward, uncomfortable, and worst of all, unwelcome a block away from their own home. Since we did not feel like they wanted us to linger, I went into the main dining area to place an order to go. There, I received the third degree as well, since they apparently never do takeout, not even when there are about 6 other guests in the entire restaurant. The waitress was gracious enough to pack up our French Toasts to go, but never came by to ask if we needed anything else, much less something to drink. I was about to give up on this place altogether, when a kind man working there, perhaps the manager, came by with some free coffee to make the experience slightly less crappy.
Incidences like these are why the French Quarter gets such a bad rep as a place to bring kids. I mean, obviously Bourbon Street on a Saturday night is enough to scare a grown man, but on Toulouse Street on Sunday at 10 AM? What a shame for being a fine restaurant in one of the most culturally relevant neighborhoods on the planet.This restaurant has some of the best food I have eaten in NOLA. Beautiful courtyard, peaceful oasis.
I highly recommend the grit cake and collards starter. BBQ shrimp and grits is good, too.
This is something different from the gumbo, jambalaya circuit - not that I don't like all that; I do.
But this chef is something else.
Comfort food done in a gourmet manner.
Fancy but not pretentious.
Paul was a very attentive server and someone I am glad to have met.
Kudos.We went for breakfast on a Friday morning. Not a long wait for seating or our food. I got the fried green tomatoes with bacon scrambled eggs hash browns and toast. He got the crawfish frittata with grits and a Johnny cake on the side. 
Quite simply, the fried green tomatoes were amazing! They came with a remoulade sauce for dipping that was also very good and accompanied the tomatoes well but it definitely wasn't necessary. 
The bacon was cooked just right, not too crispy and not too soft. The eggs were fresh, light and fluffy. The hash browns were seasoned just right and not overly cooked. Everything tasted wonderful and started our day perfect. The guy that brought our food even wrote out directions on the streetcar that told us where to catch it, the cost and all the sights. 
Our trip to Vacherie has definitely been the highlight of my New Orleans trip! I highly recommend anyone/everyone experience it at least once!I had a great brunch experience on Sunday, January 16 at Vacherie's. I often have lunch at what is the deli counter. They have great sandwichs, soups, and salads. I would suggest if you are having brunch to call and make reservations. I think it is a wonderful restaurant located at the Hotel St. Marie. I would recommend checking it out.I enjoyed this restaurant a lot! I have a lot of food allergies and they did a great job at accommodating me as well as providing excellent meals! If you have any kids with food allergies, this is definitely a safe place to go!I am left a bit perplexed about my experience at Vacherie; while there was nothing overly negative about my experience, I don't find myself wishing to return for future visits. 
The layout of the restaurant was confusing. We walked into the bar, and were never seated. When we finally asked the bartender-- who was not busy-- if we could have dinner here, he replied yes... we sat down for several minutes without ever being helped. Finally, we wandered into another room and found that that was where they were serving food. Wish the bartender had told us this.
We were the only people in the restaurant for much of our meal, though one table did come later. The servers were not very knowledgeable, and had to read off of their own handwritten notes to remember specials. Regardless, he was a pleasant man and served in a timely manner. Since there was no real business in the restaurant, the two servers stood by our table staring for much of the meal which was slightly awkward.
The meal itself was pleasant. I enjoyed the crabmeat au gratin and boudin- stuffed deep- fried hen with braised cabbage. All was tasty, and my company enjoyed all of their dishes too. 
Needless to say, despite the nice quality of the food I will find myself frequenting other restaurants the next time I am in the city. In an area that has so much to offer culinary- wise, I find that Vacherie may fade into obscurity.My husband and I walked by on Friday 11/25 and decided to stop in around 6:30 for a drink. The bartender was pleasant but either new to any kind of restaurant job or drunk. We got one round, but she couldn't remember what my husband ordered after 30 seconds. When we asked to close out, she (again) could not remember our order and ran our card on another couple's tab. I have an F&B background, so I understand being in the weeds, but this was different. I trust that she actually voided the incorrect charge, but I never received a receipt from her. What was supposed to be a quick round ended up being a 30 minute ordeal because she was so flustered and more concerned with conversing with her coworkers. Maybe she had an offSorry, but our experience was very different..........really bad.  Dinner menu looked so good, but the Fried Oysters in Louisiana BBQ butter turned out to be small oysters with lots of batter, but the dark sauce had so much vinegar in it I couldn't eat it.  Where was the butter?????    And the Shrimp and Grits had the exact same sauce........with small shrimp in their shells that were way over cooked.   Not good.   Daughter had Chicken Club Sandwich that was basically a chicken burger.   Not good.  The waiter "left his book in the kitchen" each time he brought out our food, so he stood there and asked who had each dish.    Not good, not trained at all.  
Will not go back.Le sigh I saw that friends liked this place and it was around the corner from where I was parked so I took a chance.
Our server (see Katie A's review) was...a little lost. Pretty much everything we said seemed to confuse him.  The space itself is lovely both inside the restaurant and the attractive patio I peeked into
I got a cup of the seafood gumbo and it was mediocre at best. I also had a special salad which was grilled romaine with shrimp. The salad was OK. Some of the romaine was overcooked and it just made me long for the superior version at Boucherie.  I sampled a couple of companions items. The ceviche wasn't...it was a cold seafood salad. The roasted okra was amazing. The rest, meh.
So maybe next time I'll try the bar insteadHave $40 dollars to blow on overpriced food that is subpar? COME ON DOWN TO VACHERIE!
One look at the menu and your will think to yourself, "Well none of this seems like something I want to eat..." Then you make your selection of rabbit or duck and grab yourself a wine or a beer. 10 minutes later your plate comes out looking pretty good. You start to eat it. You then think to yourself, "This tastes rather gamey." After that is said and done, you close out, they then hit you with a $50 ticket and realize you just paid for the atmosphere in the place and not really the food or wine. I could have went hunting, shot said rabbit, cook said rabbit where it was seasoned the way I wanted and bought a $10 bottle of wine that is their house wine.
When I ate there, I spoke with a doctor at Oschner and some other people that don't mind at all for overpriced gamey food. So I guess this place caters to people along those lines. I don't mind spending $50 for diner, but not this diner. The atmosphere is great as it is tucked away in the quarter and you don't have to worry about some rednecks from Alabama wondering in with Hand Grenades. I'm assuming this is a local place to eat in the quarter if you just want to grab a quick overpriced meal. The customer service was alright I suppose.
This is one of the times I wish there was a .5 star. 2.5 is a fair rating I would say.Very good happy hour menu at a reasonable price. Good drinks and conversation. I'll definitely be back.What a wonderful find!  A menu of serious food for those looking for layers of flavor.  Their small plates menu is nice, the real standouts were shrimp & Avocado Ceviche, black pepper encrusted beef tenderloin, the local cured or smoked meat  and the Brussels sprouts with bacon vinaigrette. We also tried the rabbit cassoulet which was good but over powered by the smoked andouille in the dish. The crab gratin was just ok, didn't have a standout texture and flavor. The apple tart for dessert was amazing!  An apricot glaze was the perfect counterpoint to the granny smith apples. Try this place, you won't be disappointed!We had a private party.  The selection of food had to accommodate many dietary restrictions.  They did a wonderful job allowing everyone a wonderful evening of food and fun.  The menu included many starters and entrees that included many lovely local cuisine selections AND allowing for the dietary restrictions.  The staff was super friendly with a bit of a raucous crowd, but they handled everything so well.  I would highly recommend this place for large gatherings down to intimated dinners.  Wonderful atmosphere and wonderful food!  Thank you Vacherie!AWFUL. I feel completed violated by the fact that I spent $140 on an inedible dinner for 2. And the service was nonexistent. Probably the worst dining experience I've ever had. We. Came here for Christmas Eve dinner and Vacherie certainly knows how to ruin Christmas. 
Update: I woke up in the middle of the night really sick! And considering I lived in Asia for four years, my stomach can handle just about anything so something here must have been toxic. Definitely the worst dining experience I've had.
I never warn like this but DO NOT EAT HERE! You will regret it.Came here on a whim as it was close to where my walking tour ended.  I ordered the smoked salmon eggs benedict and was floored by the flavors.  It was served with a cajun hollandise sauce on english muffins that were absolutely perfect.  The eggs were beautifully poached and upon the waitresses recommendation (and my resolve to try local foods) was paired perfectly with southern style grits.  If I ever make it back to New Orleans, you can be sure I'll be coming here to try another dish!We stopped by around 1 PM for breakfast (yeah, we were a little late in the game). Good thing they serve breakfast until 2 PM on the weekends. We chose to sit in the front of the restaurant, so the lady behind the bar served us. She was very friendly, answered all our questions regarding the menu, and checked up on us from time to time. Great service.
We ordered the boudin Benedict with potatoes and chicken and waffles. The boudin patties were flavorful and not dry, the creole hollandaise was delicious, the poached eggs were cooked perfectly, and the potatoes were as good as they could be. The patties were on a bed of collard greens, and I'm not particularly a fan of collard greens so no comment there. The waffle was fluffy and the chicken was flavorful and juicy. The portions are big so we struggled a bit, but we somehow managed to finish nearly everything. We also ordered a mocha, and it was pretty standard. It came in a huge cup which we didn't expect.
Definitely give this place a try if you're in the area!What a charming place to breakfast. The service is top notch, the food is quality and reasonably priced, and the interior is beautiful, elegant, and blissfully quiet--away from the bustle of the Quarter.
I ordered one johnnycake and two eggs scrambled. One would be enough, my server assured me; they were quite large and I wouldn't need a whole stack. She was correct, and what a gorgeous pancake it was--golden, tender, crisp at the edges, with a delightful texture reminiscent of a corn muffin albeit lighter and fluffier. The pecans added a nice crunch, and the orange wedge a pop of freshness. A very well-thought-out dish. 
The eggs were done perfectly, too, and I was provided plenty of hot sauce. 
The whole meal cost less than $10, and I left full and happy. Just try it. You'll be hooked.Love sitting in this cafe... looking out onto the street in the french quarter... seeing the rich culture...while enjoying a fantastic meal.  The atmosphere is relaxed and the menu items are delicious.  The Etoufee, alligator, hen, greens, etc... are are well seasoned and perfect.  I have visited this place 3 different times when I have been in New Orleans and will continue to do so.We stopped in at 3:00 pm and the person behind the bar stated they weren't serving lunch anymore. We said we were trying to find something to eat and he said they weren't serving food and when we remarked that we were hungry and we're looking for a late lunch, he sarcastically said, well, there's this thing called lunch hours..." kinda rudeWe didn't want to walk back down to find dinner and decided to stay at the hotel. We are from CA and decided to order something "local". The shrimp and grits were absolutely amazing. Someone at the table got tea, and he normally adds sweetener to his tea but he said it was the the best tea he ever had and drank it as is. We finished with the carrot cake, which was large enough for us to share, and was amazing! 
Would recommend and love to return again!lovely new addition to the french quarter casual  dining scene. try the crab gratin and whatever the fish special is. service is very casual and extremely friendly..not sure what these reviews about poor service are based on. we all had a great time, good food, good drinks, reasonably priced in a very nice environment. definitely a fan!Ok, I was there for there New Year's Eve dinner. The fried oysters made me weep with joy.  They were better than sex with most people! Soooooo good. Gumbo was very good. Jambalaya...was ok (my jambalaya credentials are that my family is Cajun and I've eaten the real thing most of my life). Eat those oysters! Service was decent!  Omg those oysters...I will dream of them for years to come!Went for Sunday brunch. Some other reviews mention slow service, but ours was very efficient, and our waitress was friendly and helpful.Wow. The food we had was AMAZING. Shrimp & Grits for me and Boudin-Stuffed Hen for the hubs. I have never had Boudin before but it was great! The Shrimp & Grits had a generous portion of shrimp and a sauce to knock your socks off. LIVED it. Highly recommended!!!!I came here as part of Coolinary New Orleans and enjoyed everything from the server to the food to the drinks to the atmosphere. It was pretty empty when we went but there was a big party in the back so that could be why. I enjoyed the fish and the coconut lime fizz drink that I ordered. I will definitely be back.The croque madame was excellent.   Our server, Asia, was extremely helpful with the selections and tips on the area.  Chicken and waffles were good as well, but we suggest skipping on the gravy or put it on the side so you can try it.I meant to give five stars for the best meal I have had in New Orleans! Thanks for delicious duck, collards and Brussels sprouts!This is our favorite breakfast spot!! The New Orleans style Bendecidt is so good! Greens, thick cut bacon, and pork belly..delicious!! It's a little out of the way and also perfect for a quiet cocktail in the lounge. Great when you want a wonderful breakfast or a quick break fom the rest of the quarter!Loved this place.  Food was excellent, wine was delicious and atmosphere was grand.  It has been several months since I and some mates from work went here; all of us thought it was worthy of a second visit.  That's saying a lot for a restaurant in a town that has over a 1000 of them.Wonderful place for all three meals with a very nice happy hour menu (deviled eggs, slider of the day, tasty pretzel...) Part of a hotel just off Bourbon Street. Great waitstaff and a friendly crowd.Ate in the restaurant and every dish i had was fabulous! Phil was  great - accommodating and attentive. We will be back when we are in the big easy again.Had the Cajun sampler. Not my cup of tea. I guess it's hit or miss with the menu that's available for when you come. Should have went with the 3 course.My friends and I stopped here on Sunday night after a long day and we were sad to hear that the full menu wasn't available. That should have been our first clue to get up and walk out... but sadly, we didn't. 
We had to sit in the bar because the restaurant was closed and it was pretty busy. There was only one bartender and a manager who looked extremely frazzled and was running around like a chicken with her head cut off. 
We ordered the charcuterie plate for appetizer. It was decent. Nothing too exciting or sexy. We ordered our entrees at the same time as the appetizer but strangely, 2 entrees out of 4 came out with the appetizer. So 2 people were eating the appetizer while their entree was getting cold...
Then we waited... and waited... and waited... 45 minutes after we placed our order, the 3rd entree came out. 10 minutes after that the last entree came out. 
The food was mediocre at best. The menu is uninspired. The service was crap. The bartender was eating behind the bar and helping those sitting at the bar but didn't bother to refill our water when it was empty and didn't check on the food when we had clearly been waiting for our food for longer than usual. When I expressed my disappointment, the bartender asked if I wanted a free drink (nobody at the table was drinking at the time). I declined the free drink so she offered me a free hug. WTF. I don't want a free hug. She asked what would restore "the happy" and I told her to figure it out. She comped one of the entrees that came late (the cheaper one, of course). 
This place was a huge disappointment. I wish we had walked out when we heard the full menu wasn't available. Honestly, most of this could have been prevented if there was simply one other person working in the bar that night. Get your act together, Vacherie.Charming exterior area. Delicious sandwiches and patisseries. Kind service.This place was amazing! It was cute friendly and affordable. If you find your self hunger or you just want a snack and some coffee and you're in the French Quarter the you should come here cuz it really was delicious and greatOn Friday evening 5/22/2015, I had dinner here. I was visiting from Chicago for the holiday weekend.  My first server who was a young lady was pathetic and a bad indifferent attitude!, 
BUT,  I will not dwell on that because a second server, MIKE, saw that my service was bad and immediately took it upon himself to come to my rescue and saved the night! He was AWESOME, professional and caring with a CAN DO philosophy!  At the end of the dinner, he brought over the manager, CLAIRE, who sat down at my invitation and expressed her regrets and asked what she could do to make up for my bad initial experience. I told her that all was good and nothing else was necessary because of the great job Mike had done. She insisted on giving me a gift certificate to use in the deli and bar while I visited over the weekend. CLAIRE is very professional, down-to-earth and friendly and KNOWS HER JOB and does it very well!!  KUDOS!  I
Thanks to Mike and Claire, they have my great respect and I will be back in the future and will recommend this place to anyone who enjoys good food at reasonable prices in beautiful settings, both indoors and out on the patio. I hope that the owners of this hotel (the St. Marie) appreciate these two great individuals an reward them for the work they do with customers!!Best meal we have had in New Orleans! We happened upon this restaurant for dinner one night during our stay. The food takes a little while to prepare but it is well worth the wait. We all agreed this was our favorite restaurant and not a tourist trap like a lot in the French Quarter can be. Delicious!This is a wonderful place to enjoy a glass of wine. They have a great venue and the place is beautiful. Food is usually promptly served an the wait staff is very friendly.Vacherie is outstanding! Fresh takes on Louisiana cuisine with the freshest local ingredients, expertly prepared, served in a lovely Vieux Carre hotel dining room, classy but comfortable, with friendly, deft service. All quite reasonable prices for food of this quality. Highlights--local meats plate (best andouille I've ever had), rabbit cassoulet with collards (OMG the collards), the Oysters Rockefeller, really an amazing spinach and oyster gratin with the right hint of Herbsaint, bread pudding and perhaps the best carrot cake you can hope to find. Vacherie has a wonderful bar that I would love to have had Rome to hang out in. And just a block from Bourbon Street, but a world away. If you are looking for a great meal in the French Quarter, I mean a great meal, fairly priced, without tourist hordes, go to Vacherie.So on Monday's they only have seating in the bar area, but that doesn't matter. This place is awesome!!! The food was amazing and the bar tender was able to keep up with like 15 people all at one time!!! She was awesome!! Had the shrimp and grits and a cup of gumbo and it was stupid delicious.Southern Louisiana style cooking at its best. Drinks were very good and priced right. 
My co-workers and I went here for dinner and drinks.  We sat at the bar in this cozy, hidden gem that has local written all over it.
Definitely recommend the Brussel Sprouts with bacon sauce on a skillet.  Many of the dishes came out in a cast iron skillet sizzling.  They developed that wonderful char too.  Yummm
Dessert was pecan pie and bread pudding.could not have had a better breakfast experience anywhere! abbey was amazing -just the right mix of business & personal. 
we had the croque madam & the breakfast bread pudding. plus a Bloody Mary or two. everything was prepared perfectly. 
great food, great ambience, great service. I couldn't recommend this place better if I tried.This place is a definite winner!  I am very skeptical of hotel restaurants.  This one is in the Hotel St. Marie in the French Quarter.   Some friends insisted we go eat there. The atmosphere was wonderful.  Very light, typical New Orleans type decor and design without the dark and dust found in some New Orleans restaurants.  They had inside and outside seating.  We sat outside in the Courtyard on this beautiful unseasonally cool October night.  The staff was prompt, professional and pleasant.   We started off with the shrimp and avocado cerviche.  The avocado was ripe to perfection.  It was like butter when you put it in your mouth.  The seasoning was perfect, and represented the best of Americanized cerviche.  Our table quickly gobbled it down.  As soon as the last bite was gone, our server had our meal.  I had the Rabbit Cassoulet.  Now, I had no idea what a Cassoulet was, much less what its supposed to look like.  But it comes with Collard Greens, and since the poor rabbit couldn't have them, I definitely wanted them.   When it came out, I found out quickly what a Cassoulet was.  Simple stated, it's a bean stew of sorts.   I looked down at my plate and was disappointed.  It looked like something that would be served up at a M*A*S*H* army kitchen.  Oh well, I thought, let me taste it.   OMG!  The flavors were incredible!  The rabbit was cooked to perfection, nice and tender.  The beans and leeks in perfect combination.  I quickly finished off my meal and took bits of bread to the gravy that was left.   I highly recommend it.  The rabbit should consider itself honored to have been prepared so wonderfully!  My friends had the Oyster Rockefeller with Frenchbread, the steak sandwich and the gumbo.  Not a speck was to be found on anyone's plate.  No one indicated any displeasure with their choices.  The meal was rounded out with their hot and sweet pecans.  These are pecans toasted and glazed with cayenne, salt, cane syrup and chili powder.  Perfect to snack on with New Orleans coffee.   I highly recommend this restaurant.  So many places are less than perfect in the Quarter as they cater to tourists.  Vacherie is definitely different.We enjoyed our dinner at Vacherie enough to return for a 2nd dinner and yet again for a breakfast. We enjoyed all of our dishes, with the standout being the BBQ Shrimp. Our waiter was certainly right. Definitely one of the best BBQ Shrimp dishes in the French Quarter. That's what pushed this review up to 5 stars. Also, we were really charmed by the courtyard seating and the table right next to the fountain. Charming and so relaxing. Service was very good. Prices were reasonable. The drinks were very good, and we enjoyed the bar before dinner. Recommended!I went here with my family for breakfast a few weeks ago when we were on vacation and we had such a good time here.  It's a very pretty establishment and the staff is very nice and helpful.  My sister and I ordered Croque Madames and they were super good.  We opted for the home fries instead of grits, but I kind of wish I would have tried them. You have to ask for the security code for the locks on the bathrooms, which seem strange to me.  I guess they are worried about people coming off the street and sneaking into their restrooms.  I would recommend this place for people to enjoy a nice breakfast.We called to get reservations at Eat, but they were booked and told us to give their sister restaurant a try. Mistake! 
My Bloody Mary was delicious. The food was mediocre at best...which would normally warrant me to give 3 stars. But our service was terrible. Our waitress complained about how tired she was, mind you, it was 7:30, and how she couldn't wait to go home. When she brought the bill, it was $15 more than what it should have been. My husband kindly informed her that she brought the wrong bill. She came back with another bill that was clearly not ours and was $30 more than ours--entrees and drinks that we clearly had not ordered. She smugly said "I got it. I'll take care of it," and returned with the right bill.
Upon leaving, my husband told the bartender about our experience. The waitress chased us up the street yelling at my husband that he wasn't very nice.
We just checked our bank statement, and we were billed almost TWICE as much as our original ticket! Our $69 drinks and appetizers turned into $130 billed to credit card.
With all of the AMAZING places to eat/drink in NOLA, I'd skip this place. On the chance you're going to try it anyway, bring cash and check your bill!! Just sad, really.