I got the hot sausage burger.  It was ok. Originally wanted the jackfruit but they sold out ... it was ok. Im assuming i ordered the wrong thing.. they open at 11. I got there at 11:10..  by 11:30 line quadruped. Small intimate place.  I will try again and order something diff...This place does not disappoint!  Love the friendly and helpful workers, the background R&B music, and most importantly--the FOOOOOOD!!!!  The chargrilled oysters tastes like the real ones.  The burgers were juicy and tasty and everything was cooked perfectly.  I highly recommend this place!  I'm not even vegan!The food is delish! The line was constant. They definitely need a spot with indoor seating. Order before going!So, I'm no vegan. I tried Vegan with a Twist for the 1st time. I must say it was delicious! I had the burger with the jalapeno peppers (dont remember theofficialname of it). It was really good! The burger came with french fries. I got the strawberry lemonade to drink, which was excellent. The establishment was extremely clean, and the staff was nice & friendly. I have 1 thing wrong. That soy patty was so small. I understand that the patty will be small but man, just a bigger patty and it would have set that burger off! The burger was full of flavor, with the cheese and bbq sauce. Yum yum!! I must say I'll be returning. I didn't get a picture of my burger, idk why I didn't. But I did get a picture of the "wings" which was cauliflower fried with sauce on them. I heard they were good, I'm just not a fan of cauliflower.OMG the oyster burger was on point! The cucumber watermelon drink was very refreshing. The service was good and super friendly. I can't wait to go back to have my son sign their wall! I'm so glad they expanded their hoursThe gentleman whom took my order was polite, food came out fast and hot. Small spot but great Vegan food. Unlike most vegan spots the food had flavor.I've visited in person and ordered via Door Dash. Both times the food was delicious. I've had Da Pressure and The Philly. In person, the service was great. Nice staff. They offered recommendations and were patient while we considered the menu. 
I'm not a vegetarian or vegan, but they're becoming a local fave.Oh!
My!
God!
Can you say DELIGHTFULLLLLLLLL?!?!?! 
I've had this place bookmarked for soooooooooo long & today was the day!!!! And oh what a great day it was to eat here!!!
What a treat. The location, on South Rampart, is perfect.  In the heart of the CBD, walking or driving distance; either way, no hassle. 
The menu is more extensive than I thought; simply because "The Vegan" eating plan is fairly new to some & the presence of this restaurant PROVES it's more than a diet... it's a LIFESTYLE that's being supported in New Orleans... HELLO I'M LOVING IT!!!
So many choices... I could have one of everything on the menu please. 
But today I ordered, the vegan hot sausage sandwich with a side salad. Oh so DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!  Freshly prepared, hand made, all vegan, all the time... I just couldn't believe the GREAT TASTE of Vegan "not prepared by me" food!!! 
The service was impeccable. The price was fair. And the wait time was LITTLE TO NOTHING. 
I am planning to visit and order something else from the menu. I think I've found my "go-to Vegan" eatery.Recently tried the oyster sandwich, definitely was worth all the hype it was getting. In the picture (Excuse my nail ) but this is the inside of the sandwich it consists of Spinach , fried mushrooms, tomatoes, pickles and some type of sauce ! Delicious!! Also came with friesThis spot is amazing! Yes, everything is fully vegan. The food is wonderful and always consistent. Da Pressure burger is "to live for!" The cauliflower tacos are perfectly crunchy and the baffalo sauce isn't too hot. On top of that, the staff here is very friendly and welcoming!Great food! Great little cafe space. The cashier was really sweet and conversational. But BAY-BE!!!!! The food was tooooo good. Full of flavor. 
I'm from DC and I was convinced I wouldn't get to taste NO. They essentially turned many of the local favorites into vegan friendly eats and I love them for that. I got the oyster burger with fries and  a side cheese cup. Come here and experience NO vegan styleBeyond satisfied!!!! They were very patient, welcoming and very hospitable!!! I highly recommend!!!!!!!!!Delicious food love this place
Hands down one of top spots in the city
Thanks for the great food and experienceFirst let me start by saying it's a black owned business so I wanted to support but I didn't enjoy the food. I ordered the spinach dip, cauliflower tacos, and a strawberry lemonade. The strawberry lemonade was thick and I didn't enjoy the flavor. Overall I really had high hopes. I will not be returning.Really good food, not a place to dine in. But everything tasted so good. There's always a long line but don't be alarmed, the line moves really well.LOVE THIS PLACE! Seriously a gem, we had the cauliflower tacos and loaded French fries. Both were very delicious, perfect little lunch spot and I highly recommend them, even if your not vegan you won't be disappointed!I stopped here because it was on the way to the airport. I'm vegetarian but love cheese and generally don't like vegan food. Honestly, I really wish I could give this place 50 stars instead of 5. One of the best vegan bbq meals I've ever had. I might book a return trip to Nola just to eat here again. Highly, highly recommend.Ok I normally just use Yelp to read reviews and not write reviews, but this place has my heart. First of all, don't get the spinach dip and chips by yourself because you'll end up eating that whole thing in one sitting. It's too good. Taco Tuesday is a must,  and really anything with their teriyaki cauliflower is excellent. The hot sausage is also stupid good. They are generous with the scallions on their fries  Everything is affordable and made fresh to order. They are always friendly, appreciative of your business, and open to feedback/ideas.  I'm telling you this is a vegan place for the people!!Delicious!  Shared the fried cauliflower and had a veggie burger. The fries are good too!  Fast service.The best food ever. My friend and I happened upon Vegan Wit A Twist while exploring the city and I'm so glad we did. I had the veggie burger with extra stuff and it was probably the best burger I've ever had. The staff was fantastic! Our server was very friendly and the chef even came to our table to give us food he was trying out before it was put on the menu. Can't wait to come back when I'm in the area again.Working on staying away from meat at the moment and I remember my friend telling me about this place. I'm glad he did tell me because I think I am in love with they're food now, the taste, quality and generosity from Vegan Wit A Taste is everything!5 stars to this place, I love everything they stand for! Perfect location in the middle of the city, delicious food. Tacos are amazing the oysters had me questioning if it was real or not. The 2 dollar taco tuesdays are a great day. Veggie burger is great for price and very filling. Super tasty! haven't tried anything else in the menu but I hope to come back soon and try more. It's a beautiful placeI'm new to the vegan community so I've been trying different vegan places in the city! I ran across the gem on instagram and I must say this was one lucky find! I stoped by and upon entering I was greeted with the warmest smile and best customer service I have seen in a long time. The young lady explained the menu and even told me of a few dishes that were not on the menu yet! I went ahead and ordered the spinach dip and the Da Pressure burger! When I tell you this was the best burger and spinach dip I have had in forever! This burger will have you like Wendy's who...McDonald's who! This place is a must try if you are vegan or not! They have most definitely gained a new customer!Told my boss we should try this place, so my boss, a colleague and myself went for lunch today! 
It's easy to pass up, so drive slow upon arriving. There residential street parking. No 2 hours signs, so your good. HOWEVER, there's a neighbor who seems to have an issue with guest parking in front of his residence. He left a little note on my windshield and I kindly left it in his yard.. LOL I could go on a rant about the fact that we live NOLA and majority of parking is on the street but I digress!!!
Service: We were greeted with a warm welcome upon entering. There was some good R & B music playing too. The woman behind the counter gave us an overview of the menu to help us choose our lunch! Our food came out pretty quickly, we honestly thought we would have to wait  a while. 
Food: I went with the veggie burger with fries and a strawberry lemonade. The burger came with grilled onions, tomato, pickles, spinach and spicy mayo. It was AWESOME!! 
My boss ordered the Da Pressure burger with fries, a cauliflower taco and a strawberry lemonade. She was extremely satisfied with her meal! 
My colleague ordered a Veggie Burger with BBQ sauce with fries and a Blackberry lemonade. She loved it! 
The space is super CLEAN! I didn't see any dirt or mess on the tables or floors! 
Now, it is a little pricey. I spent $16 and my boss spent $25. So yeah, whew. Oh to be a true Vegan! Lol 
I will definitely go again but not too often. 
Overall my experience was great!I took a break from cooking and decided to try vegan food for a few days. First up was Vegan Wit A Twist. The twist is the food is well seasoned and delicious. I tried the Oyster Burger, fries, strawberry-lemonade, and cucumber-lemonade. I can't stop thinking about the Oyster Burger. The oyster mushrooms were fried to perfect and the NOLA sauce took this burger over the top.  I will make my way through this menu over the summer.*Cue gospel music
 "Howww Excellent....Howwww excellent!!!
My husband and I were in town with our bambino for our anniversary and decided to eat mostly vegan. My husband has been a vegan for years. I however, am not (I consider myself a selectatarian) but am always willing to go on vegan test runs. If it's good I'll eat it no matter what the food is labeled (vegan, keto, paleo, etc)
For all of you non-vegan folks...
 The V-spot is one of the best burgers (meat or meatless) I have ever tasted in my life. We had three burgers in one day. 1-2-3 burgers and gumbo and several pieces of pecan candy (pralines). At that point my husband was just willing to open his wallet and just give the restaurant all of our MoNeY! 
Do yourself a favor and stop in when you get a chance. We live in Houston but frequent New Orleans regularly. We will definitely be back. Really hoping that they make there way down to the lone star state. We would be some serious regulars.Made to order fresh vegan food so delicious with a good selection of items on the menu fresh made fruit juices daily!Amazing food and great service!!!! Don't miss the cauliflower with teriyaki. Just what I needed and the people were so nice. I got takeout.Amazing. I've tried a few different vegan restaurants and this is by far the best vegan food I've had in New Orleans. My fiancé and I tried the burger as well as the jackfruit bowl and both were hearty, flavorful, and delicious. I recommend this place to anyone looking to try quality vegan cuisine. We will definitely be back.Thee BEST VEGAN RESTAURANT BY FAR!!! I ordered Da Pressure burger.  I did everything but lick my plate.  The fries have the perfect amount of seasoning and extremely crunchy.  The texture is amazing.  The burger has bbq sauce making it sweet and Smokey however the jalapeños give it the right amount of kick.  I ruined my diet.  Whatever WORTH IT!!!Tried them fir the first time. Will order from again! I got a call asking if it were ok to switch a drink as the one I ordered was out of season, the girl was so nice. My Oder arrived early and they two young ladies who dropped it off were so pleasant. So good service and remarkable food, so much do that I'll reorder tomorrow as it was so good!!!:)  A note fir the non vegan types out there, these tacos for example were so full
Of flavor on almost a former level that you really would be hard pressed to stop and think oh no meat....So I'd like to say that I wasn't impressed with the food at all. The concept is great and the idea also but, food overall is very overrated. I'm not her to talk trash but, I can definitely do better then why I ate the other day when I came to pick up my order. The best thing was the BLACKBERRY LEMONADE. The fried cauliflower was too greasy and oily and the Burrito was too watery. It can be made better beyond what it was. This is just helpful criticism and by no means trying to not make anyone not go there.Found this spot and it didn't disappoint!  Had the "Da Pressure" burger which was perfect.  Big pickles, BBQ sauce and spinach.  Every bite was perfection 
Blueberry Lemonade was remarkable.  Amazing compliment to the burger.
The service was good and quick. Great neighborhood spot.Omg the Beyond Burger (V Spot Burger) was DELICIOUS! Well dressed, very flavorful and definitely will make me come back! We received great service too.I had the bowl with no brown rice, and I added jackfruit and cauliflower. The cauliflower was SO good and next time I will be getting a plate of it! Otherwise, this was a great bowl to sit down and eat in front of a game. I called in with a phone order and ate there, and the staff was all wearing masks and super fast service. Loved it and will be back!This is really a hidden gem. It's one of my favorite type of places, meaning you're not going for the ambiance or any other frills. You are strictly going here for GREAT vegan food. It's a walk up shop on St. Bernard. There are picnic tables it you can't handle waiting to chow down at home. They have a set menu but if you follow their instagram they post specials daily. 
The dish that made me finally make the truck over was the philly chicken cheese wrap. This wrap was better than any wrap I've had in a long time. It was filling but but didn't make me feel like I gorged myself when I was done. Taking my first bit was amazing it was so "cheesy" and filled with veggies. This is somewhere I will definitely be trying again.I ate it before I could take a picture. It was so good!  I had the philly cheese chicken wrap.The food was very good. Service was awesome. Kinda pricey but worth every penny. The cashier was was very nice and helped out when I asked questions and I did have a lot she volunteered to get samples and was patient. My food was very good and filling piping hot and very tasty. I would def return the amount of food was pretty good. Wait time was 10 min from order to food in hand.Food was great and wished we could have eaten there. They have limited staff (2 people) and were only able to do carry out. Be sure to get the oysters!! So darn good!!OMG the Taco's were  amazing!!! My favorite are the cauliflower and oyster!!! The Strawberry Margarita was perfect. I will be back!!!!The food arrived hot and crispy, and quickly. (We ordered to the Bywater via ubereats.) We got the oyster burger and da pressure. Fried oysters were very crispy! The batter was a little salty for my taste. Da pressure was good. Both had too much sauce for my taste. I would simply request less sauce next time or the sauce on the side would be great.Look, please go! This place is my top 3 vegan spot in the country! I had the V spot tacos. Amazing!! 
If you are looking for vegan with flavor this is it!I'm never disappointed when I order from here. The food is always consistent. Hot Sausage Burger is my all time favorite.The dude answering the phone right now just answers, says "plz hold" and then hangs up the phone on you for hours and hours.  Over and over.  How lame is that ?Didn't know what to expect since I'm not vegan but the oysters tacos taste amazing! Why's the secret cause this clearly don't taste like an oyster. I almost missed this place as their is no sign outside only on the door( located directly across from Entergy Bldg). The strawberry lemonade was very fresh and homemade! Love it! I'll be back to try other things. 
Please note: they no longer take phone orders so you must place order online which was super easy and food was ready as promised.While I did not get to "Vegan Wit A Twist" in time to eat in - the Oyster Burger was amazing.  New to the Vegan universe and this place is worth the inter planetary trip. PeaceMy husband and I tried Vegan with a Twist and we are not even vegetarians. The food is soooooo good! The service was phenomenal and I love the fact that I can write my name on the wall. Give them a try...you will LOVE it!This one is soo good. I had the variety tacos. My favorite is the oyster mushroom taco. My friend had the philly cheesesteak. Sorry the pics are so dense. But by the time I realized I need to take pics, I was almost done with the last taco which was fried cauliflower with teriyaki sauce and pico de gallop and spinach. Food was light, but satisfying and filling. A nice group of people come in and out of this place. It is open for dine in and take out (6-6-2020). Everyone working here is super nice as well. Definitely returning to this spot. 
PS He's coming out with a summer collection of drinks. Get the passionfruit. Thank me laterAbsolutely perfect!  Everything we ordered was made perfectly and the service was not only welcoming, but helpful throughout our visit. 5 stars all around, including specialty cocktails and a full bar. Definite recommendation to vegan and non-vegan alike. A New Orleans gem.Working on deployment for hurricane relief.  I found this gem of a restaurant via an internet search.  Best food I've had in New Orleans.  The chef here has changed the game of vegan culinary arts.  If you're not eating here while in N.O. Just consider your life a mistake.  I'm not even vegan and this food is exceptional.  Fast service with a smile so large it can be seen behind the Covid mask.Yummy delicious good price good location clean restaurant , quick food. Good servicesVegan wit a Twist was our first stop after arriving in New Orleans. We ordered the DA Pressure burger, Hot Sausage burger and the Box. We absolutely loved the DA Pressure burger. It literally melted in our mouth. The food was delicious and everyone that works there is friendly. I definitely recommend this fabulous VEGAN restaurant.Been on my list of a minute and it definitely lived up to all expectations! I had an assortment of Taco Tuesday tacos and fresh strawberry lemonade. The cauliflower and oysters were the standout stars and the teriyaki sauce was one by far the best I've had. The service was impeccable and I can't wait to come back to this NOLA gem!Absolutely delicious!  I had the bowl with roasted peppers, corn, black beans, rice, spinach and vegan hot sausage the first time and went back for the tacos and friend broccoli.  OMG in was not ready!  Every single bite was eye closing, slow chewing euphoria.  They definitely earned a new customer! #FingerLickingGoodGreat transitional vegan food. The pasta and the tacos are my favorites. The homemade cheesecake is another one of my favorites but it's not an everyday item. All in all, great food and even better service!Delicious vegan food! So much flavor! I tried the Vspot Burger and the combination taco plate, sooo good!! And they are expanding, adding an outdoors area and are adding dessert and other stuff to the menu:)Tried the V-Spot burger while it was a Green Festival in New Orleans. It was so good that I sought out the place. While in the in Washington DC, I stopped in a bookstore with a restaurant in the back. Those that have been there know the place I'm talking about. I ordered the "Impossible Burger ". It was amazing. Now that I'm back in New Orleans, I found the only place to eat a meatless burger with great taste, and a BIG bite. Enjoy!UMMMMMMM.......I THINK I FOUND WHERE I WANT TO HAVE MY WEDDING! Absolutely delicious--I just had to start there.
The oyster tacos with THAT sauce are divine. The oyster mushrooms were fried perfectly and actually had an oyster consistency. The sauce is extremely flavorful with a little kick. You top this off with fresh spinach and pico? I am crying! I really wanted to take a picture but I ate all 3 tacos entirely too fast.
The spinach dip is another treat. It has more of a creamy texture than cheesy, but I am okay with that! Slightly strong spinach taste, so I am thinking they use fresh spinach. 
Strawberry lemonade was great!
Customer service and timing were excellent!
 I am one taco away from turning full vegan if this is what I am in close proximity to. I will definitely be back (with pictures next time...hopefully).
EDIT: went back the next day; pictures below! :DThis is a One Star rating from a 3 star General. 
Been vegetarian since the VA doctors recommended it for my PTSD following the Gulf War. That's 30 years people!! 
After a long, hot day dodging potholes and potheads in a city that smells like a port-a-potty, I thought I'd found a vegan oasis. 
I walked in to blaring music with lyrics so vulgar I thought I was in a Bangkok bathhouse. Despite the audio assault, I preceded to order the fried mushroom burger. The mushrooms were definitely fried in the same oil as chicken and one particular chunk was chewier than the leather on my combat boots. I believe this piece was in fact chicken.  I won't be back! 
God bless this Nation but I'd rather chose starvation.My son who LOVES this place!  Every time we visit home this is pretty much all he eats!  The burgers (Da Pressure) are so tasty he was really concerned I fed him beef.  It was by far the best Vegan burger I've tasted as well.  I enjoy the loaded fries.  The handcrafted juices are also very tasty!  I heard they were better than Slutty Vegan in ATL. Great, personable customer serviceIcan't wait to try some other items on our next visit home.amazing ! I was vegan for 2 years and never had tacos as great these! I got one of each type of taco. Let me break it down for you! 
The sauce for the vspot taco is amazing!!! 
The crunch, flavor and kick of the oyster taco is crazy good! 
Lastly the Cauliflower Tacos is sweet and crunchy enough where you don't want it to end (because its thats good). I wish I had a place like this back home but when ever I come up to visit now, this will be one of my go to spots! Even if you're not vegan these tacos are slammin!Ok well firstly, I'm not vegan. I ordered Da Pressure. It's actually was good. Meat texture was perfect. It won't fool any meat eaters but I was fine with it. Music was nice. I didn't like the table cloths. They seemed to be cloth. Cloth during covid is not actually a good idea even tho they seemed to be wiping them down. The fried cauliflower was amazing! I'd never had fried cauliflower and the texture and flavor both was soooo good. Overall, I see how vegans would love this place.Went in to order take out and was very disappointed  to see that their chief's were not wearing masks. Cashier/Server was unapologetic about situation. Pure negligence amidst an ongoing pandemic.The food is absolutely delicious and flavorful. Vegan rock!LOVE THIS PLACE OMG!!! i got the cauliflower tacos and pink lemonade and it was amazing. the tacos were smaller than i thought but the amazing taste made up for that. highly recommend. the staff was so sweet and everything on the menu is vegan :))) wish i lived in nola so i could go here all the timeVegan "oyster taco" was amazing! Perfect spices with the sauce. The Ground Philly is also really tasty.This place is awful!  To big with, you walk in and everything is painted black.  There are hardly any windows in this place and with the black painted walls and dim lighting it seems cavernous.  I ordered the jack fruit burger because I was told it was the "lightest" option.  It was smothered in sauce so much it was like eating a sauce burger with a side of jack fruit.  The side salad was sad with ice cold cheddar cheese on top.  I really had high hopes for this place with all the other positive reviews, but I will not be going back.  I paid $15.22 and threw most of it away.This place is EXTREMELY overpriced. Dirty tables, no table service, microwaved food. Water is literally yellow. 
We got a refund on everything we ordered and didn't eat a bite. Not worth it here. 
The workers were extremely nice, but this place is grossly overpriced.The food was very good. Service was awesome. Kinda pricey but worth every penny. Would love to go back. As I stated earlier the cashier was very welcoming and happy to explain menu and offered samples. Can't wait to go backOrdered the Philly for pickup, while driving, smelled the odor of burnt food, and damm sho' my Philly had burnt pieces of meat scattered within the sandwich. I took a bite anyway and it was horrible. I'm trying not to give my money to the white man,  but y'all make it hard. I will not be going back. I work hard for my money, so you better treat me right!  And, I understand this is a Black small business but the tip thing. These businesses subliminally force it on you. No, let me enjoy the customer service, the clean restaurant, employees wearing mask, great food, and after that, I will give a tip based on my experience. Me choosing your restaurant out of so many others is a "tip"already !!!!!!  And, no one was wearing a mask.
Ground Philly
Seasoned vegan ground meat, grilled onions and bell peppers, melted mozarella cheese and spicy mayo on a warm 6in loaf - Internet description of item 
What I got- burnt meat, lettuce, pickles -- WTFSooooo good. I ate here with a friend and had the buffalo cauliflower tacos, and they were perfectly crispy with some heat. We also tried the Da Pressure burger, and it was just like a real burger, down to the texture and flavor. I returned the same week with two other friends to order the "oyster" burger. Another excellent choice, and the batter on those "oysters" was delicious. 10/10 stars from me, I'll definitely be back again soon. This is a great hidden gem in New Orleans!I had the hot sausage burger and it lives up to its name! Very spicy and full of flavor! I'll be returning again soon.I just moved to New Orleans a couple weeks ago but started following a couple vegan/New Orleans IG accounts beforehand so I had a list lunch spots. This was one on my list and it did not disappoint! Cool people, great vegan food. You can't beat the $5 box!I tried the two most popular items, the hot sausage and Da pressure Burger. My fave definitely Da pressure hands down. I have worn myself out on the beyond burger taste but on that burger it's good. I also liked the oyster tacos and loaded fries. I added just a pinch more salt to the fries. The oyster tacos were top notch, the texture and flavor were spot on. I wasn't a fan of the hot sausage because of the aftertaste I got. My boyfriend isn't vegan and really enjoyed their teriyaki cauliflower tacos and box. He said it was delicious and cooked well. The lady suggested I try the pecan candy dessert and it pretty good as well. Sweet but not too sweet, reminds me of praline candy.The food is amazing, the customer service is 10/10. If you are a baby vegan, this is a great starting point.Wow! That oyster taco, BOMB! I ordered that & the cauliflower with buffalo sauce. Their new location was convenient for me as I was in the area. 1st time was a charmI enjoyed my burger and cauliflower from Vegan Wit A Twist during my visit to New Orleans. The location was clean and the customer service was top notch. I would definitely visit this restaurant again.i've been following them on instagram for about a month just waiting to be in that area and FINALLY i was ! GREAT vibes inside the lady made me feel so warm and comfortable! and the menu was filled with delicious options i wanted to order everything lol i ordered Da Pressure Burger and let me tell you THE BEST VEGAN BURGER EVER ! i can't wait to go back and try more ! they deserve 10 stars ! it's a must try for vegan and vegetarians!I went to Vegan Wit a Twist for the first time today. I got the oyster burger, and this is one of those sandwiches I will remember for the rest of my life. I won't stop thinking about it until I have it again. I don't know how they got so much flavor into vegan food. I literally cannot wait to go back.What an amazing spot. Food is so delicious, and the staff is wonderful. Taco Tuesday deal is AMAZING as well- $2 tacos!!