Pretty cute pastry/coffee shop. If you're from out west you'll appreciate their use of Stumptown coffee.
If you're looking for a warm treat you will be met with a nice creation in the foam atop your drink. The decor is outstanding, paintings, cups, etc. I didn't try the deserts but they looked delectable.
The place is a hole in a wall, legit. The barista is a bit cold, and may give you stares for being a dirty rich northerner. Coffee is a bit on the pricey side, and only comes in one size.I have tried, and tried and tried to give these guys a chance and it is 2 in every 5 times I go that it is worth the trip.  I have had a few great coffees and a few really bad coffees.  The one thing that I do get consistently is service that isn't all that great especially for the prices on the coffee which isn't always the freshest.  Good if you are a gambling type and want something good every now and then.I spent December of 2012 in New Orleans and biked from the Garden District to Velvet's tiny shop basically every single morning. Velvet's coffee was consistently the best I found in New Orleans, and Kenna is a joy to talk with (Kenna, hope you enjoyed the bike). Highly recommended.Must try SPANiSH LATTE STEAMER phenomenal latte! Best one in town if you like them lattes on the sweet side. velvet also knows a thing or two about the best coffee and espresso machines. And it shows!
They have two locations in New Orleans. One on magazine street across from Whole Foods is tiny. The second location is newer and nicer interior wise. However they seem to make their own hours so you can't count on it being open before you go to work. 
That's the only set back . The coffee is divine!It was 8:30 in the morning and I was looking for a little shop that served breakfast, so I tried Velvet. It was a cute place with a great piano player, but the staff was not  friendly, nor did I feel my business was appreciated. The service was slow and I ended up waiting 30 mins (which would not normally bother me, but it was not busy.)Having gone nearly every day since it's officially been open (and a few times before), I feel like I can give a solid assessment of Velvet as it is now and as it's planned to be. The shop owner (Tamara Muro) is extremely sweet and passionate, and she has a strong desire to contribute to the vibrant culinary culture of New Orleans. Like any new business, they are still working through some kinks and tweaking some things here and there (like their teacake recipes)! With that in mind, here's my overall review of the place:
The fine dining of coffee experiences! Enjoy an expertly prepared espresso, cappuccino, or latte. And, if you're not familiar with it, the siphon coffee brewing, which looks similar to a high school science experiment, is a sight to see (and taste!). The two-bite sized teacakes are a perfect complement to a delicious Spanish latte (Tamara's secret recipe). Baristas are well-trained and Tamara herself is certified by the Barista Guild of America (BGA; part of the Specialty Coffee Association of America). Velvet plans to feature guest coffee roasters from around the country (e.g., Verve, Stumptown), with Intelligentsia as the shop's mainstay. For the first few weeks, a guest barista extraordinaire (Latte Art Champion Dylan Evans) is pouring amazing latte art and pulling delicious shots! A must visit for any coffee enthusiast! The staff is super friendly, the decor and attire has a fun New Orleans look and appeal, and you quickly feel right at home talking with the person behind the bar.
Why the name Velvet, you ask? Tamara confirmed - it's a way many people describe milk after it has been properly stretched and textured for a cappuccino or latte. Other people call it sexy foam. You don't get it from reheating milk in a pitcher, placing the pitcher under the steam wand and walking away, moving the steam wand up and down in the pitcher, or any of the other horrific milk atrocities you usually see in this city. Sexy foam (or velvet milk) does not need to be scooped onto your drink. If a spoon touches your steamed milk for a cappuccino or latte, you should ask for your money back and walk away.
Considering all its coffee history and culinary greatness, New Orleans has been hurting for a true Third Wave coffee shop. For example, if you follow specialty coffee blogs (e.g., ManSeekingCoffee, CoffeeHero), you know we are not seen as a coffee connoisseur destination. But all it takes is one shop to help move us in the right direction, and I think Velvet is a shop that can put New Orleans on the coffee map. Case in point, even though Velvet has only been open a few days, I've tasted Intelligentsia's most recent rendition of Black Cat espresso, Counter Culture's Apollo espresso (v3.0), Intelligentsia's Alphabet City Blend espresso (designed specifically for Ninth Street Espresso in NYC), and several single origin coffees (Kenyan Gichathaini and Papua New Guinea Baroida, just to name a few). I'm a coffee geek, my wife is a coffee geek, and Tamara is a coffee geek; Velvet is a great place for us to hang out and coffee geek it up! Oh yeah, and they have teacakes to help aid in the digestion of all that coffee.
A note of consideration: if you're seeking a coffee shop to camp out in for a few hours to study, surf the internet, etc., this place is not for you. Velvet is definitely geared more towards a traditional espresso bar - minimal tables and seating!The quality is amazing! The customer service is missing the point/big picture and disorganized. Really like the ipad use for credit card signature and paperless receipt.  The problem I have is that I value my time and expect to be able to get in and get out with my coffee when there is not seating.  Especially since it is in a "foot traffic" location limited on parking.  It is nice to hear about the coffee, and sometimes it would be nice when initiated by the customer but knowing I will have to wait so long every time (because they have decided they are more important than all the other demands on my time) will keep me from stopping in on my way somewhere else (probably another coffee shop where I can sit down and work/read the paper while drinking coffee). 
It is really too bad the we have to decide between time and good coffee especially since they could just run the business side better (hoping that comes with time). For now, when I can make great coffee a 20 min priority, I will... that might equate to once a year which I fear will not be enough times to keep them in business. Oh, and they are not open on Sundays.Okay so this is one of those "i've only been there once so here's my fresh first time experience" reviews that will be updated once i've gone, say, ten times. Plus, since the business opened up four days ago I believe that it needs time to settle in and work out the kinks before a true review is written (don't you?).
I've been waiting for Velvet to open ever since I saw it's sign. It finally opened on Valentines Day- cute! The spot used to be a snoball stand and is tiny. There are 4 bar seats inside and there's not any place to stand. Velvet made up for this by putting outdoor seating AND making an ordering window! I think that was genius, except that there's no outdoor menu posted so you don't know what you're ordering at the window.
When I went in today they were out of lemon/blueberry "teacakes" (just a mini cupcake, right?) so I tried chocolate with coconut on top. It was delightful. The one bite cupcake cost me $1.19 though and since I just made about 50 of them and elaborately decorated them for about that same price I'm not so sure I'd try the teacakes again.
What is enticing is the coffee. Jeremy's review speaks of well-trained baristas so i'll have to go back to try their brews. 
Right across from Whole Foods in the uptown area there is no parking near here which is a bummer. Also, I wouldn't meet a friend for teacakes and coffee if it wasn't nice out because the inside is so cramped. But, the jolly and helpful staff make up these issues and bump it up to 3 stars, for now.
Not wheelchair accessible as you have to go up steps. They are paperless in that they use their IPAD to charge your credit card (you sign on the ipad). Finally, apparently everything is fair-trade and organic!Intelligentsia made me a coffee snob... Intelligentsia in Chicago. So imagine my surprise and delight when walking along Magazine Street on a recent trip to New Orleans and noticing the Intelligentsia emblem on a tiny espresso shop. I stopped in.   
After a few days of drinking that cafe au lait swill with beignets at Cafe du Monde, I was ready for some real coffee. It was nearly 90 degrees outside (hot for this cold-weather dweller), so I ordered an iced latte. I watched approvingly as the barista pulled two excellent shot with a nice thick layer of crema. It was perfect and refreshing. I ordered a couple teacakes as well - cinnamon and praline. Velvet is tiny - just a few stools at the bar - so it's not a sit-and-lounge kinda coffee shop; it almost seems more European with its countertop service. My only disappointment was discovering this on my second to last day in New Orleans. I would've liked to try some of their other drinks. I stopped back the day after that, my last day in New Orleans, to order another iced latte.      
I know that it doesn't seem so great to go to a new place and then just end up drinking the same coffee you drink back home... but this is artisan coffee, and this was the best coffeehouse I came across in New Orleans. What a delight it was to drink a well crafted iced latte made with Intelligentsia coffee on a hot New Orleans day. :) I only wish I had discovered Velvet sooner!Specialty coffee in New Orleans. I was here almost daily when I was living in the city and I'm still coming back to it when I visit regularly. They serve excellent coffee and they also bake their own goods behind that little space. The sandwiches are delicious.Great beans + unskilled baristas = buy the beans and make my coffee at home. 
Seriously, someone teach these people how to make a cappuccino!New Orleans does not have a great coffee scene.  It's that simple.  Although this place is waaay uptown, it is as good as it gets in this town.  
The kids that work here are super-nice.
The espresso is top-notch and they know what they're doing with it.
I would go here everyday if it were closer to where I reside.Third wave coffee shack, with espresso done right. They serve Intelligentsia, Verve, Stumptown, and they known how to dial in the shots. The place is about as small as you're going to get unless you're visiting a kiosk. Tamara is super nice. Hit it up!delicious latte's yummy tea cakes - located right across from Whole Foods on Magazine.
Cute small shop!!WHEN IS VELVET RE-OPENING???  This is my favorite spot in the city.  It has such charm, and the best coffee.  I am jonesin' for a pop tart.  When is it re-opening???At the suggestion of a fellow yelper, I visited Velvet and I wasn't disappointed.
Small location, small menu, but it included all that I would ever need in terms of coffee
I ordered an iced coffee and tasted it before sweetening and it was really good!  What a nice surprise!  I LOVE good coffee!!
You should really check this place out.Sometimes I find myself fiending for Velvet. No, really. It's such a luxurious fabric. It's also a luxurious coffee shop on Magazine Street (and much more appropriate for the Sub Tropical climate).
As the name implies, their coffee is up to par. Normally, I think Intelligentsia is kind of overrated, but I probably haven't had it prepared as masterfully as it should be. They do it right here. Even iced. My coffee of choice once the heat hits: iced and I drink mine dark, no sugar. 
And they have tea cakes. I haven't tried them yet, but a check in offer demands that I need come back to do so. 
Tea cakes!! How delightful is that?
Indoor seating is limited to bar seating and I wish there were more shade outside as it's hella bright and hot out there. I'll just either take my coffee to go or sit outside when it's overcast.Excellent Stumptown and Intelligensia coffee and great, yummy little tea cakes. Best coffee in New Orleans!I went here this morning with a couple of my more refined coffee drinking friends. I admittedly no little about coffee, I prefer tea. If I ever drink coffee I usually add so much sugar and milk that it becomes indistinguishable. No knowing what to order, I just ordered  the Spanish latte, it sounded like something that can't be bad. Good choice, had condensed milk, spices, other things I don't know. It was sweet and tasty enough that I didn't even add any sugar. Probably a good start for me to enjoy the world of coffee in a more serious manner. Plus I enjoyed the small teacakes, sweet and buttery, get yourself a few.
This place looses a star because it is humorously small in the inside. However it then gains a star for the great friendly service, and more importantly the cute teacher girl who took my order.I bought several tea cakes as a gift so I only got to try one (the kevin bacon), which was delicious. The tea cakes were smaller than I anticipated but were reasonably priced, especially with the buy 5 get one free deal. They're a perfect little treat for a small pick-me-up and I hope to come back and try more flavors. 
One word of warning: the first day I went, they were out already and the second time they were running very low, so get there early!Great coffee, great pop tarts and scones. To say that this place is a gem is a perfect description. Tiny place, fantastic stuff, cool atmosphere. Check it out of you're in the neighborhood, make the trip if you're not.Before I cue the rant, I'll run this place down as succinctly as possible.  Coffee and tea cakes.  Leave all your baggage at home and focus: COFFEE... really good COFFEE and tea cakes (also good).  If you go to the Art Institute of Chicago, the point is to see an old man with a guitar or some ladies in bustles standing on an island, not worry about what t-shirts are in the gift shop.  It doesn't matter if you have good parking or the coat check says "hi" the way you want.
What is available here is coffee that has been done correctly from before the coffee was planted up until your lips hit the cup.  If you are complaining about anything here and you aren't aspiring to win a WBC championship, you aren't paying attention.  You are in New Orleans and this is the only establishment that will be serving you coffee taken to this level.  I advise trying the siphon.  The cappuccino is also good.  If we are living in Plato's cave, someone didn't get the memo and delivered the real cappuccino here.
A note on how serious coffee works:  Coffee is extremely complex.  It picks up at least as many nuances as wine in the process of getting into the cup.  The organic molecules that provide these flavors have a very active chemistry that consists of constant change.  Making a great cup of coffee is like taking a photograph.  It involves bringing all the necessary elements of quality to bear, but finally involves a snapshot of the chemistry of coffee that can never be repeated.  To a large extent this is the antithesis of corporate coffee which strives to provide a consistent product.  Velvet is a great place to explore this difference.
Just so your expectations are in line, this place is very small and there isn't much seating.  Lots of people are coming here to get a good cup.  This is not the ideal environment for enjoying the fantastic coffee that is available, but you aren't going to get someone to serve you coffee this good within several hundred miles.  Be nice and enjoy.My friends have lauded and raved about this place for the umpteenth time so I finally caved from my Starbucks visiting sacrilege and visited this charming coffeehouse on Magazine right across from Whole Foods. 
I'm oh so happy that I did. This place is absolutely delightful with its intimate seating, beautiful paintings (apparently painted by a very talented 12 year old) and friendly baristas. 
The iced coffee is like a religion in New Orleans, and I can vouch that Velvet has the best version by far. 
The only thing disappointing about this perfect place is that it has to be next to a newly constructed gaudy and nouveau riche BS pilates studio that is ruining the aesthetics of the neighborhood. 
Otherwise, I have now converted. Starbucks, you can suck it.They now have a big bowl of water outside for the pooches!Some of the best coffee in New Orleans (either number 1 or 2 in my opinion) - they brew Stumptown and Intelligentsia here and they respect good beans. The place is quite cute, with a few outdoor tables and funky, unique decor.
I'm taking a star off though because it's fairly pricey, sometimes the baristas can be a bit aloof if you're not hip enough, and I just wish the coffee would be served a few degrees hotter.Completely amazed by what they have done with this small space. The coffee is great here. Tastes better then PJ's I must say. The tea cakes are delish! I scooped up a deal on living social and got a dozen for $6. I'll actually pay retail for these tea cakes. I also tried their velvet ice drink. It was good. Strong yet suttle with the right amount of sweetness, not too over powering. The teacakes have such unique and creative flavors. If you are around this area, check out this place. You will not be disappointed. Its the quaint yellow building across from Whole Foods.They serve coffee for true coffee lovers. Keep in mind, their prices are somewhat steep for your everyday cup and there is VERY limited seating. It's good for when you want a special treat on the go.Just in time for the brutal hammer of summer dropping on the city, Velvet now has snowballs!  I particularly like the organic flavors.  Other new additions I love are scones, pop tarts and lunch items.First and foremost: FUCK YES!
If you need any more of an endorsement, read on.
These people know the art of espresso.  Their baristas are well trained and certified.  They serve Intelligentsia and Stumptown and they do them proud.  If any of this means anything to you, then GO HERE!  NOLA is weak on the coffee front, and Velvet is a breath of fresh air with their perfectly timed shots and their delicate foam and their HOMEMADE POPTARTS.  Yes!  Those!
Oh, and they have a small food menu, too.  Get their breakfast burrito.  It's so good.
The place is very wee with a few stools inside as well as a piano (you know, for when you're so inspired by their treats), and a few tables outside.  They are on the corner and right across the street from Whole Foods.I walked into the small coffee shop at the corner of Arabella and Magazine with absolute skepticism.  I'll just come out and say it: I'm a coffee snob. Yes, I drink the swill served at diners across this city, but it hardly even registers as coffee in my brain.  Its... breakfast drink. Good coffee is in a wholly different category. It hangs out at La Divina, Fair Grinds, and even sometimes at Angelo Brocatos. You can drink it without milk or sugar and truly enjoy it.  It only appears maybe at 1 in 5 visits and it is a beautiful thing.
I sat down at the tiny bar inside. It only has about 4 barstools. There is a brief menu on the wall. I can't reproduce it exactly, but it is rather bare-bones - something like espresso, cappuccino, latte, and drip coffee. The drip lists several different methods of extraction, all which yield slightly different results. After some deliberation, I opted for a double espresso. The barista (Tamara) assured me I haven't had espresso like this anywhere else in New Orleans. It sounded pretentious as hell. But I sat patiently as she ground, dosed, tamped, and pulled my shots.
I watched as the golden nectar dripped from the portafilter for nearly 25 seconds. I had never seen a shot take that long in New Orleans. Usually, the machine is squirting the damn espresso out like milk from a cow's utters around here. Its the slow, glorious drip that makes the shot great (among other things).
She served it up in a demitasse cup with a glass of sparking water. Never seen that done anywhere else before, but it was a nice touch. The espresso was phenomenal. I'll leave it at that. And at $2 + tax, I could come back every day of the week.
As I was sitting at the bar, I observed a young woman come in and order a cappuccino, to go. The barista presented her with a small cup, appropriately sized for a real cap (1/3 each of steamed milk, espresso, and foam). Of course, she balked and wanted a larger size, which would actually be a latte, since she's still just getting a double shot. Anyway, it seemed rather undignified to put such a delicious concoction into a paper cup and walk down the street with it or worse yet, put it in your cup holder and drink it half an hour later, lukewarm, at the office. This coffee deserves to be consumed at the bar. You could easily enjoy your espresso in all of 2 minutes, so do it! 
Turns out Tamara wasn't being pretentious when she told me I'd never had espresso like hers. She was just being honest. My skepticism has been wiped away by great espresso.Delicious coffee and a great setting. I had the homemade pop tart and was not disappointed.Best place for coffee and espresso in New Orleans! I've lived here for almost six years now, and I'm so happy I've found Velvet. With Intelligentsia and Stumptown coffee, it's worth going out of my way to grab coffee there in the morning.
Unfortunately, it's not a place to study since it only has outdoor tables and a small amount of barstools inside, but the coffee is the important thing here, and it is worth your time!I can't lie when I say that I was a little more than intrigued about trying Intelligentsia coffee at Velvet.  I was also even more stoked by Charles H.'s review as I learned that you get a free teacake just for checking in with Yelp. My motto is, "If it's free, it's for me"!
So this past Thursday, I was sort of in the neighborhood and decided to try it out.  This is a tiny store with only 3 or 4 stools at the counter, but it's got a homey/cool vibe about it that instantly appealed to me.
The barista (Kenna) was a delightful girl.  I'm not sure if she was the owner, manager or just an employee; but her demeanor was one that instantly conveyed that she enjoyed working here.
I ordered an iced coffee, but today's brew was not Intelligentsia, but rather a Portland based coffee called Stumptown Hair Bender, which happens to be Stumptown's most popular coffee.  Being a coffee novice, I asked Kenna for her opinion on milk vs cream in my iced coffee, and she convinced me to opt for the home made almond milk.  WHO makes their own almond milk?  Velvet does, that's who.  And boy is it good.  I like my coffee sweet, so 3 packs of Splenda later, I found myself sipping a iced coffee that was as smooth as velvet (pardon the pun).   I pounded that thing down like there was no tomorrow. 
I also found out that besides Intelligentsia and Stumptown, Velvet also features Verve brand coffee.  So that's 3 good reasons for giving Velvet a try.  They also make their own pastries, sandwiches and even have a home made pop tart; which I plan on trying very soon.
I checked in on Yelp and got my free teacake, and chose the coconut variety at the advice of my most gracious barista.  Next time I'm going to get the mint one.  FYI - a teacake is like a mini cupcake.
What a great place serving great beverages.  I liked it so much that I went back on Friday morning and got myself another one.  Yeah, it's that good!Very tiny cafe that serves very good lattes and iced coffee.  No real seating inside, but a few tables outside.  They serve tasty (though pricey) Intelligensia and Stumptown coffee, and the barista - who looks and acts like he was imported directly from Silver Lake - knows what he is doing.  Only two quibbles: (1) they serve iced coffee in paper cups - not cool, since after 15 min or so, the paper starts leaking; (2) they wouldn't fill a cup of water for a dog outside - maybe they don't want to waste cups/water/time on non-humans, but at least do what a lot of other shops on Magazine do, and keep a big bowl of water outside.Wow. Besides Merchant (I would say they are at the same level), this is the best latte I have had so far in New Orleans. I have not had a chance to try their food items, I just stopped in for a quick drink with my friend from out of town, who is an espresso connaisseur. He only had positive things to say, as well. The dudes that work there are nice (and cute!). Had this place been in NYC, it would be super pretentious, but I never got any bad vibes while I was hanging out.
The only downside is that the place is teeny tiny and not really made for lounging about for hours. However, you can easily grab a drink and food to go and run across the street to hang out in front of whole foods.  
I will definitely be back.I dream of Velvet.
Velvet was born out of a tradition of careful coffee preparation and execution. The owner, Tamara, has been involved in the coffee industry for many many years and her knowledge and precision translates into every cup of coffee she serves.
Tamara is bringing Third Wave Coffee to the Big Easy, throwing in her own charm along the way.
My grandfather recently ate a scone from Velvet. It was freshly baked and topped with butter and a warm berry compote. He is 77 years old and has had quite a few scones in his day but insisted that it was the best scone he had ever had in his entire life. 
The teacakes are also great. I would suggest snatching up "the Lulubelle" flavor if you see any.
I have cleared my Tuesday schedule to ensure that I can make it to "Taco Tuesdays" and the lunch even includes a free teacake!
Velvet's latest addition to the menu is an homage to the previous business in that location--SNOWBALLS! The organic snowballs are super refreshing...I would suggest the strawberry.
In sum, Velvet is a harmonious balance of classic flavors, innovation, and New Orleans flair. Next time you're in there, strike up a conversation with the person next to you or the staff. I've had some lovely conversations with patrons and the baristas are also really friendly. Velvet has been known to be frequented by Hornets players, bandmembers of Wilco, Tamara's talented kids, and coffee sages from all over the world.
If you're just visiting and only have time to go to one coffee shop in New Orleans--go to Velvet--you won't be disappointed.So I figured I'd be able to have a quick run in during the am while parking didn't become a nightmare. Walk in and  a bunch of people are staring at the ipad/register watching some seminar way too loud to be reasonable, or for anyone to hear my order (apparently they have coffee tastings on Friday mornings). I ordered some siphoned coffee, some shit I knew nothing about, turns out the coffee was great (you really do get to taste the intricacies of the individual bean). But does siphoning one's coffee really makes it that much better if it's already a good quality bean? And the Tea cakes are aight, just small cakes with  marginally interesting toppings. They're cute, so the visual appeal is there. Decent prices according to the type of bean you choose (one was $15 per cup-which I can't get drunk or high off of, so why bother?).
Overall it was good, this joint certainly takes coffee to another level which is good if you like to feel self important, otherwise it's a cool place to visit and the coffee is great.  Unless I'm in the area and comfortably parked it may not be worth the hassle of dealing with the new uptown yuppies in range rovers. Sigh...what happened to Uptown?Seriously.  Good coffee can be hard to find.  
To my trained eye, the sign saying Stumptown in the window means I get a coffee, even if I just finished a coffee.  
My iced coffee was delicious and on a subsequent trip the americano equally so.  But come on!  Iced coffee in paper cups?  Invest in some plastic cups for your iced drinks people!
The artisan tea cakes, while cute and catchy on their tiered display stand were less than desirable, even for my 5 year old's palate.  
Thank you Velvet.  Glad to find good coffee, even if it was served iced in a paper cup.This place is ADORABLE.
It's the sort of place that the reasonable, rational part of me that cringes at a $5 latte HATES, but the whimsical, kooky, go with the flow side of me LOVES. I mean, there was a guy playing a banjo in there when I went for no apparent reason. It's super tiny inside, less than 10 seats, maybe about the same in outside seating. They brew Intelligentsia coffee if you're the sort of person who likes to know that sort of thing.
Also there was all this chopped garlic on the counter that they were making something with, and that's when I fell in love.The hours? 6:30 AM Monday - Friday. 
House-made Pop-Tarts? Outstanding!FINALLY!
After years of searching for GREAT espresso in New Orleans, I finally found Velvet.  
You'd think -- given New Orleans history as the main port for coffee entering the US -- this wouldn't have been such a problem, but then, you'd be wrong.  Nothing even remotely close to the quality of the espresso I've had in every other major city in the country has been available . . . until Velvet.
They offer espresso (pulled on a Nuova Simonelli Aureila -- if you're into the equipment side of the equation, this was the type of machine used for the World Barista Championships), siphon coffee and pourover, from roasters like Intelligentsia (out of Chicago, IL), Stumptown (out of Portland, OR), and -- my favorite -- Verve (out of Santa Cruz, CA).  The straight espresso and pourover I had were both excellent!
Can't speak to their baked goods, but I can't wait to go back on my next trip to NOLA.Hallelujah! New Orleans has always been a heavy coffee drinking town, and its always had its share of great coffee houses to sit and watch the rain or dream away the afternoon. But the art of coffee preparation has been advancing to new heights in other cities, opening up the possibilities of just how good coffee can be. Velvet is the only place in New Orleans that is making coffee and espresso with the skill and attention to all the details needed to make a truly outstanding cup. 
The espresso is terrific, and the texture of the steamed milk is velvety and silky. But I'm a fan of the "slow bar" coffee -- freshly roasted, single origin coffee, from Stumptown or Intelligentsia roasters, ground and hand-brewed through a drip cone, or a vacuum press. Keep the milk out of this one, and just taste the flavors of one of the best cups of coffee you've ever had.I've been going here for a couple months now and they definitely have some of the best coffee around.  Espresso is very reasonably priced, and very tasty (although it is a bit more citrusy than I am used to!)  These guys usually have Stumptown coffee, although sometimes they stock Verve (If Starbucks is budweiser, these guys are like the Sam Adams/Fat Tire of the coffee world).  I also highly recommend getting a siphon coffee, it is quite the show!  Very friendly staff.  everything they make is made with whole foods ingredients, so organic etc.  Can't wait until they reopen!Great service, best coffee in New Orleans and the pastries are awesome.I'm VERY upset -- that I hadn't tried this place sooner. Simply, amazing. Came here after a barre class at Romney.. b/c I have the morning off, and had been meaning to try them for a very long time.
First of all.. it smells amazing.. they've got a side bar STACKED with pastries that look incredible. I got the blood orange poptart (what?!) -- and y'all. freaking amazing. Unlike anywhere else -- and I've heard great things about their tea cakes.. so that's next on my list. Very unique.. and hit the spot exactly.
I also got their soy latte -- smooth and just perfectly blended. And they had tables outside to study (which right now, is the perfect weather).. and inside is a little bar to sit and eat (which I can see may get crowded in peak hours). 
Definitely a place to check out -- especially if you need a coffee + quick bite to eat before starting your day. I'll be back for sure!Velvet has seriously saved my life.
Newly transplanted to the Big Easy from Big Beautiful Brooklyn, I was starting to really believe that there was no hope for really good coffee here. Im sorry, theres a LOT of things that are amazing about NOLA, coffee so far, for me, is not one of them.
Riding down Magazine on my bike and spying that Intellegensia sign in the window almost caused a traffic accident. I pulled over and parked immediately.
Once inside, I find not only do they have my beloved Black Cat, but the ALSO serve and sell Stumptown. (!!!!) 
Top all of this dizzying joy with a perfect homemade poptart and it was easily one of my happiest mornings here so far... 
The space is adorable, outdoor seating perfect for people watching, smoking, drinking all the coffee you can handle .. 
I love love love Velvet.
My only complaint now is that I live in Esplanade ridge. and I'm too far away for it to be an everyday thing ... 
Thank you for making me feel a little bit more at home in my new city.I came to this place after driving down magazine looking for a coffee shop I've never been to. I stopped at this one because it is the tiniest restaurant/coffee establishment I've ever seen and I was just curious if it was functional. 
Not only was it functional, but the food and coffee was great. They're espresso is definitely on point, and it comes with a small glass of mineral water. Loved this place.definitely will not be coming back. during my only time there, i ordered an iced vanilla soy latte. the guy said they were out of ice and didn't have soy, but i said i would wait because the other employee was going to whole foods. i waited a few minutes, and a woman (i assume the owner) came in and scolded the employee for telling the other employee to buy supplies when she was "off the clock." she also told him that it was not okay to buy soy milk, she didn't want any soy milk in her store, only almond milk. he explained to her that i ordered a soy latte, and she turned to me and said, "we don't serve soy." she didn't apologize, she didn't ask if i wanted another drink, she didn't say anything else. so i stood there for a minute while she continued scolding the employee, and then i told him i was going to leave. he apologized a bunch of times. what a waste of time! if you're not going to serve soy, it's fine, but you should train your employees to know what is on the menu.Went to Velvet on Magazine for the first time the other day.  It is a little intimidating because it is not your "chain" coffee shop and they have all sorts of interesting brews and machines and drips and all sorts of offerings I've never heard of.  I went with my go-to order of an Iced Mocha but noticed that they offer "Spanish Style" which is apparently where they ad condensed milk to the coffee.  I was already going with a very sweet desert coffee in a mocha, but decided to go for the Spanish style.  Also, like I said, I felt a little intimidated and didn't want to seem ignorant to the barista behind the counter.
The coffee was delicious.  I will definitely be back.  Next time I hope that it isn't crowded so I can ask some questions and try something I haven't had before.
I will say that the iced mocha was very expensive.  I think it was $5 before tip and it was so good that I was done before I got back to my car.  I don't know how coffee has gotten so expensive but I guess you have to pay for the best.
They have a new location in Central City on Oretha Castle Haley which seems much larger and has seating which the original location does not.absolutely amazing! coffee great, scones better, home made pop tart the best!Like Christine, I have only been here once and could change my rating once I have sampled more of what they've got.  I was immediately won over by the sparkling water that was served upon arrival, it reminded me of coffee shops in other countries where they usually do that without question.  I also loved the napkins, it's just those very nice quality paper napkin but little details like that are important.
I got the extraction (?).  I asked some questions and I wished I had gotten a bit more information.  Like, what is IN the $15 extraction because I can't believe it's just a really large coffee.  I'm not a trained barista so I don't know these things.  My coffee was really very nice, I like that you can choose your beans.  Tamara, the owner, has great customer service and we chatted about her awesome kids (her daughter's wonderful artwork graces the place, her son played piano at FQF) and she also offered me a teacake on the house.  
So, while I like Tamara and I like a lot of the little things,  my coffee was $5.45 and I don't think I would ever spend it again.  An expertly pulled espresso, okay, but not for a cup of coffee.  Also, the teacake (the Kevin Bacon) was perfectly acceptable but I don't think I'd purchase one.  They're just cupcakes and really tiny ones at that.  But she is starting to make scones baked to order (awesome!) and I look forward to trying the espresso.Velvet is the bomb.  I saw the reviews on Yelp that it was the real thing, and I went there yesterday with a mix of hope and skepticism. Well, I ordered the cappuccino...my bread & butter benchmark...watched as it was expertly crafted, took a sip and: my hopes were met!  It is indeed the real thing, along the lines of Ninth Street Espresso, Cafe Grumpy, etc.  Hallelujah!  New Orleans has long had good coffee, and great coffee shops; now it finally has great coffee.
The people and atmosphere are as fun as described too.  The kids were there, playing piano and games.  The owner and other employee were fun and knowledgeable.  A friendly regular was there.  The iPad checkout was cool.  A random person I know walked in.  At one point, the owner came around the bar with some lyrics up on her phone, the boy started tickling the ivories, and before you know it we were singing Hello Goodbye in a quick little coffee shop live karaoke session!
In short, GO for the coffee.  Stay for the atmosphere.  Go back for the coffee.  Then go back again.  And tell people about it, so Velvet thrives and New Orleans gets a taste of what the best coffee is like these days.  Check out my photos to see more.  Now if they would just open a Velvet 2 in Mid-city or downtown...There's nothing I love than a great cappuccino, and man these guys know how to make one. I'm so glad I found this little shop. I've been searching for a coffee shop in New Orleans that not only uses quality beans but also knows how to make proper, velvety foam to compliment the rich espresso. The thing I love most about this place is that they truly know how to make coffee and care about the product they serve to you. They will spend those extra seconds to make latte art and a heart on your cup. I've been called an espresso snob and this place exceeded all of my expectations.
If that wasn't enough, they have mouth watering homemade pop tarts with real fruit fillings and topping and scones like I have never had before. The service is also incredible and we even had the breakfast burrito and skillet eggs...highly recommended. Just get everything!!!! You won't be disappointed.
My hunt for favorite coffee shop is over. Velvet, you win.This place was so tiny and it was hot inside (maybe the AC was broken).
But their coffee is on point. We got a Cuban coffee and a Spanish coffee...both were made perfectly. The Cuban isn't on the menu but the barista was nice enough to make it once I explained it to her. The prices are comparative to Starbucks or any other large coffee joint. 
There is absolutely no place to sit inside....I think they had a few chairs outside. If you want to sit and sip your coffee, try out their Oretha Castle location ....that one is much more spacious. 
Oh and if you check in, you get a free tea cake...yay!
Good experience overall!Today I finally got to go to Velvet after wanting to try it since we moved to the neighborhood. 
I ran out of espresso this morning for my own espresso machine, and was so excited to try Velvet! It definitely delivered. I went in at about 7:10, so they had just opened. The barista was so friendly! I got a double americano and added French vanilla when I noticed that they had homemade syrups. Usually I'm a white chocolate kind of girl, but they don't have that flavor. 
I was so impressed. My americano was amazing, nay, life changing. I wish I could run out of espresso every morning so I could have an excuse to go to Velvet!!! The espresso was perfectly rich, the French vanilla flavoring was perfectly sweet. I can't wait to go back! 
Definitely a must try for all coffee lovers!Everything about the previous review still stands, but here's an addition:
I had the siphon coffee today for the first time and it was hands down the best cup of coffee I've ever had.  Maybe it was the process. Maybe it was the beans. Or possibly the skills of the barista who prepared it. Probably a combination.
The coffee was rich, flavorful, and immaculately free of sediment. It was unusually transparent without being even slightly weak. Also, the preparation is fun to watch. It involves a bunsen burner and you get to watch water defy gravity for a few seconds. In fact, you'll probably want to brush up on your high school physics if you don't want the process to blow your mind.
If you like coffee, you owe it to yourself to go at non-peak hours and ask the barista what coffee they'd recommend you to get prepared by siphon.French vanilla latte!Hi, my name is Jared. And I'm a coffee snob. 
I'm in town for a conference and staying Uptown. I suffered through a few days of chickory-infused milky sugar muck from various historical establishments, but I broke this morning. I needed something substantial. After some furious Yelping and Googling I found Velvet and it satisfied. The barista was not only knowledgable, but frienldy, a rare combination in this day and age. She made me a pour-over Stumptown from Indonesia that more than measured up. I also had a gluten-free carrot cake muffin which was excellent. 
The major drawback: there's no AC. So, be prepared to sweat out your sludge or sit outside in the shade.Excellent espresso.  Best I have had in Nola.  They serve intelligentsia and stump town.  The macchiato was delicious but pour over and siphon looked great as well.I first visited shortly after they opened and felt like they hadn't quite gotten off the ground. Subsequent visits have made it nigh impossible for me to pass Arabella & Magazine without pulling over and stopping in. 
In order to win my affections, a coffee place has to make a mean iced latte. This place gets a head-start by being the only place in town (that I'm aware of - are there others folks!?) with Intelligentisa beans. Seriously - can we get some real espresso culture in this city please? Kthnxbai. Whatever can be said about the somewhat-socially awkward baristas I've encountered on each visit, they can pull a great shot. 
The space is small and I don't really hang inside very long. Some outdoor seating, which is nice. I'm not a huge fan of sweets, so I've never tried the baked goods.Great lattes, super friendly service.  Saw an amazing looking bacon cheddar scone, if we weren't still full from dinner the night before, we would've indulged...Stumptown coffee is good. However I went here a few times to get a large mocha and the cup wasn't even 3/4 of the way full. The prices here are a little steep. I like my mochas with extra shots, but if I pay for that I want what I paid for. The homemade pop tarts were very good though. If you want the best, go to Krewe Du brew on St Charles. Ive been living in this town for almost a year and Ive tried everyone in town and I only go there.Intelligentsia Black Cat delivered. Whatever they do to their iced lattes... it changed my entire opinion of milk-based espresso drinks. Having a double shot for myself was a little bit of heaven. 
The place is on the small side if you're used to the spacious trappings of most cafes, but the knowledge of the baristas plus the quality of what you're about to drink makes it a location that you have to try at least once.I used 4 stars in my first review because I wish the space was more comfortable for hanging out.  It can get a bit hectic.  I'm changing my rating because I would probably stand on a bed of coals if that were required to get the coffee Velvet serves.  This is the best siphon coffee and espresso that I've had by a large margin.Velvet is such an adorable little coffee shop on the corner of Magazine and Arabella and right by Pinkberry.  I came by on a weekday around 4:30 and was surprised by how tiny and crowded it was.  Nonetheless, the worker saw me and asked for my order.  (P.S. He was adorably cute!)  Anyways, back to the review, I ordered the latte and got a free teacake for checking in on Yelp!  What a bonus!  And it's not just for first timers, but for every single time you check in until June!  That's the best incentive for me to come back and so I did the next morning LOLOL!  Both the latte and tea cake (red velvet) were so lovely and perfect.  I was actually surprised by how good the tea cake was being that I'm an avid dessert eater.  The next day I came back around 10 AM and it was fortunately not crowded.  I ordered the Velvet Ice and got a regular chocolate tea cake with vanilla icing.  The Velvet Ice was SOOOO FRICKIN GOOD!  I loveedddd ittt.  The flavor is just DIVINE!
Just a little tip, if you're looking to be in and out quickly, this is not the place.  They take a bit of time to make the coffee and if it's crowded it's even longer.  Though I don't mind because the delicious coffee makes up for it.  And another tip, there's usually a dog and/or a little pig in the shop so if you're allergic, beware!  
I will definitely be back to Velvet!  Mainly to try all the tea cakes I can!I would have to recommend this to everyone looking for a cafe in New Orleans. The pace of the cafe was a bit slow - but this is probably a good thing as it forces people to slow down and enjoy their coffee. I'd like to try other shops but this is the best I can find since Dee's changed management.FANTASTIC SERVICE AND PRICES.   Totally cute place!  Wonderful Character.  Only 4 bar stools and parking is on the street.  Iced Coffee myself...it was okay.  My girl said the Capp was wonderful.  Her kiddo...Loved himself on some tea cakes.  Great place to catch up and I loved the decor here.  Stop in...wonderful spot overall.I rarely drink coffee, but this is the smoothest most delicious coffee I've had. Plus, they have uniquely flavored homemade treats! The blood orange pop tart is divine!Velvet Espresso Bar is located across from Wholefoods in Uptown. It is a very small eclectic coffee shop offering only about 6 counter seats. The shop uses a more sophisticated method of brewing coffee than your average coffee shop (the vacuum brew method). They use two regular beans: Intelligentsia's and Stumptown. 
They also offer breakfast and lunch consisting of small sandwiches and sweets (see menu). New Orleans definitely has a void for good coffee shops and Velvet Espresso is a great and desperately needed addition.  I hope Velvet Espresso Bar motivates others to fill the espresso void and open more solid coffee shops where the staff are knowledgeable and passionate about their coffee.I like to support local businesses so I gave this a try. Iced coffee tasted good, but a paper cup doesn't work for iced drinks. I think this place needs a little more time to figure out exactly what they are doing. Espresso, iced coffee, snoballs? I would be happier with them picking one and doing it well. The whole place is only 10'x10' anyway. 
Bottom line: will not be rushing back anytime soon. no place to sit and iced coffee down the street at CCs is better and less expensive (and free refills!).One of the nicest, coziest places to have a great cup of coffee!  And the owner is a delight.  Interesting assortment of savory and sweet treats too.  Do yourself a favor and try this place located on a corner property of Magazine Street across the street from the Whole Foods Market.by far the best tasting coffees and housemade breads and desserts. Poptarts are to die for, the breakfast sandwich rocked, cupcakes delish, scones, the freshest...and the expresso/latte/caps....AWESOME. tiny but such a perfect, swanky atmosphere and always gracious staffI absolutely love Velvet!  I love great coffee and it's just really hard to find in New Orleans.  After reading other Yelp reviews, my friend and I headed to Velvet on a beautiful Saturday morning.
First off, the place is TINY, but I liked that because it got us really talking to the barista.  The barista was really nice, and above all, knowledgeable about coffee.  She talked about the coffee that they purchase and why they decided to go with the brands that they selected.
I ordered a latte and my friend got an espresso.  Both were amazing!  They really know what they're doing here.
He got a scone and said it was very good.  I didn't taste it because I'm not really big on scones.  I find them to be dry.
I ordere a couple of the tea cakes.  They are perfect bite sized bits of heaven, and being priced at $1 each, they are right on the money.
If you're into great coffee and service from a barista that knows her stuff, go to Velvet.  In fact, run there.Hands down the best espresso and coffee I found in NOLA during a week-long stay recently.   If you are looking for rich espresso drinks pulled by hand or a delish siphone coffee, this is THE place to go.  Think Blue Bottle or Intelligentsia quality.  
If you are looking for a place to sit with you laptop for hours on end, or want a coffee flavored milkshake, this probalby isn't your place.This is NOT funny!
I know how my boyfriend feels when I drag him along shopping... I was falling asleep at all these clothing stores along Magazine Street while my friends were trying on this and that...
I know I need a coffee.. Velvet saved my sanity! My Americano really jump started me and thanks for the free Tea Cake just because I checked in using my Yelp App!
The space though small but the people working here are super friendly.
After that I had all the energy and braving more clothing stores and even smiling at them again!This wee slice of caffeinated heaven delivers a most fantastic cup of whatever you're seeking: macchiato, espresso, brewed coffee-to-order. 
If you're missing that cappuccino you drank in Florence, you could re-create it by standing at the bar, close your eyes, and picture the Duomo out the window instead of a parade of SUVs and While Foods. You can purchase boutique beans from Intelligentsia and Ritual Coffee. 
Why 4 stars? I have to be at work before they open on weekday mornings.This is probably one of the best places to get a really good latte/espresso on Magazine Street. Perhaps all of New Orleans. They have a good selection of coffees, such as Stumptown and Intelligentsia, and the lattes were everything we needed. They truly hit the spot.
The size of a regular latte is a bit bigger than I'm used to, but it was perfectly smooth and consistent throughout. The place screams kitschy and eccentric. There is not a lot of seating inside. It's actually really tiny. They do have outside seating,but I suggest getting it to go.This is the smoothest tasting latte I have had in New Orleans.  The milk was perfectly steamed and the espresso was strong without being over powering.  The coffee was neither too acidic or burned.  It was a seriously fantastic cup of coffee.
The location is small.  So, unless its an off hour/ a good day to sit outside, I wouldn't plan on sticking around to enjoy your perfect cup.  
Although the menu isn't elaborate, the barista is clearly knowledgeable and when the coffee is good all of the extra syrups aren't really needed.Tried the iced latte, and it was really good.    They gave us a generous size to-go cup.  The staff there was friendly and seemed to know alot about coffee.  Also, I tried the teacakes which were so adorable.  My favorite was the mint.  The other flavors were okay.  The only issue was that the place was a bit stuffy and a little far.  I will definitely come back for the coffee if I was around the area."That's how they do Cappuccinos in Italia."  That is what they say after they charge five bucks for a coffee. It's really too bad that in order to get a decent cup of coffee in New Orleans you have to go to way Up Uptown to Velvet for their almost 5 dollar lattes and over 3 dollar coffees. Velvet is like a 90's sitcom about a coffee shop, except not funny or friendly. Decent and expensive coffee with a pretentious flair to make you feel like you have to over pay just to leave the small store. 
The barista is very kind and sweet. There was an obnoxious man with a large dog sitting in center of the store. He must be an owner because he walked behind the counter with his dog and looked through inventory.  The dog was adorable; the owner was not.  For some reason he takes it upon himself to make one liners at 8:00 in the morning to customers as they wait for their over priced coffee. Too early for some guy from Philadelphia or New York to be talking so loud and obnoxiously, especially at that hour to a customer in the store for their first time.  
Velvet has good coffee and a cute barista. I would have given a 4 star for the quality of their coffee, but the prices and ambience dropped a star each.