An awesome intricate and moving roof will guide you into a sort of Australian themed bar with a heavy dose of New Orleans apathy.  Right near the Renaisance, its fun to get a lttle hammered in tacky surroundings and go wander around the halls of the hotel and look at the fabulous art in an incredibly well designed space.  Vic's gets an extra star for that.No stars left bc they suck big fat chode!!!  The worst ever!!!  Bartenders are assholes and it takes 30 minutes to get a drink or close your tab!
AND they charged me for TWO pizzas when I only ordered one!!! It was a fucken hassle to prove I had only ordered one  and the assholes bartending had the nerve to argue with me after 30+ minutes of waiting!!!!  Rude mother fuckers!   Never again!!!I hadn't been in Vic's in years when I stopped in the other night. And while it's a huge open space with lots of tvs and seats, it's still not going to be on regular rotation because of the cigarette smoke. As Vicky said, even if you don't seen anyone smoking the place just smells. 
The drinks are cheap. So maybe dash in to order, then sit outside in front of the bar if the weather is OK.
The regulars are generally welcoming. But the bathrooms are odd. The stalls do not have doors instead they have curtains...which seems really unhygienic.Great little Aussie-themed dive bar, full of friendly locals, even friendlier bartenders, solid beer selection and the best $8 shepard's pie, you'll sink your teeth into.I've only been here twice, but both times I was impressed by the laid back atmosphere, good drink prices and most importantly, the friendly bartenders.  During my most recent visit I was told I could bring my dog next time.  That pretty much sealed the five star deal for me!OPEN LATE. BEST BARTENDERS EVER! Nice bar, great service. Priced fairly.  This place is small but has a divey feel. Old school jukebox has great selection (so no Justin Bieber). Also, THIS BAR IS CASH ONLY.Great lil locals dive bar in the warehouse district. Cheap drinks and a cheap jukebox.Try the Sheppard Pie! Reasonably priced beer and drinks. Good food with a kicked back atmosphere. Definitely a place to chill and relaxTruthishly, would totes be a five, but drinks are pretty overpriced and I saw literally zero, as in 0, kangaroos. Not that mad tho. Would come again. K thnx byyyeeThere are several places throughout New Orleans that I may have been before, but I can't remember ever visiting. Vic's is one of those places. 
Vic's has been a popular warehouse district hangout as long as I can remember. I remember many of the bartenders from my old job heading here after their shift, but either I never went, or had such a great time that I cannot remember ever setting foot in the place.
Now that I have visited and actually remember being here, it is time for a review. Despite its location across from Lucy's, Vic's seems to attract a much more relaxed, non-meat market type of crowd. Nothing against those folks, but I gate bars with that vibe. Vic's seems to be a place to relax with friends and enjoy your drinks. There is nothing pretentious about the place, and I enjoyed being there. 
The bar was very crowded when I visited, but the wait for drinks and the bathroom were manageable. Since it was so crowded, I took my drink out front and watched the crowds heading to and from Lucy's. It was highly entertaining, especially when I demanded high fives. 
If you're in the warehouse district and just want a laid back place to drink, come to Vic's.I honestly love this spot. Great late night bar, especially if you are looking for that last drink if all other bars are closed at the time. Bartenders are down to earth, and the regular customers are the same. Btw, probably the best shepherds pie in the city.I went here once for a drink with a friend after leaving another bar close by. Both of us heard about it and wanted to check it out. The drinks are not bad and decent in price and it is a bit divey but it made me think of a French quarter bar for some reason. We both liked the atmosphere even though we might have just spent 20 mins in there but we both said we would go back.Some of the best pizza in New Orleans. Who knew!  And of course fantastic live music, and a rad venue, another fantasic spot in New orleans to hear some local jams and eat some good food.Another bar I walk past after work,{how many are there?} Vics is a very fast moving place, a lot of people in and out, seems like they only stay for one drink, Bartenders are great and place is good for late nights.Was on an Abita pub crawl that this place was part of. They were the only bar serving beer in small cups. What is that about?I love to come to Vic's an sit outside over a GIANT FOSTERS.  It makes me sublimely happy to look across the street and see the massive crowd at Lucy's struggling to find room to breathe while I am laid the eff back and straight chillin'.  I also tend to find like minded laid the eff back straight chillin' peeps when I come to Vic's, so that is an added bonus.I love me a good dive bar and the fact that it's Aussie well does it get any better?  When my other fav NOLA bar was closed I went to Vic's to watch the game.  No frills, no other women, just me and 5 guys.  Ended up drinking shots of rum with the boys!  The bartender was friendly, the drinks were cheap and I could yell at the TV as much as I wanted.  Not sure how often they get a dinky-di Aussie Sheila in there.  It's on my list for my return trip to NOLA,I spent every night at Vic's. The good part of the night...the end.  Sinatra's favorite time of of night.  Right before the sun comes up.
This was my favorite place to hang....a bit dive-ey, but that's how I like it at that time of night. Cheap drinks and cheap food.  My go-to dish was the Jambalaya. For $8, you get a heaping basket full of the meatiest Jambalaya I've ever had.
It became my favorite hang-out last year when I was staying at the Renaissance. Most of the people staying at the Renaissance go to Lucy's. That's why I go to Vic's.Solid local crowd with good prices on drinks.  Love the music selection.  Won't be waiting until last night in NO  to come to Vics on next visit.Cool little bar that I've been to a few times.  It's not one of those places that you start out saying "Hey lets go to Vics", you kind of just end up there if you're in the area.  It's quieter than some of the nearby bars so that makes it  a good place to just grab a drink and maybe food if you want to be able to actually talk to the people you're with.  The prices are reasonable and service is pretty good.  Plus I don't know if it's just because I had just finished marching in a parade and was starving, but the pizza and spinach dip was pretty frigging good.A really wonderful Dive bar in New Orleans with great prices on drinks! I highly recommend making a stop there and even hosting a party there! The staff was very friendly, despite having 100+ brothers from my fraternity! Really fun place with a pool table and darts! Check it out!We were able to get a big group in here for the LSU game when every other bar was packed. Normally that would be a bad sign but we had a great time and enjoyed a really laid-back scene with great drink prices!So this place can be a little douchey, but it is quite accessible as it's  optimally situated by various other evening hang-outs, so there's that redeeming quality.  I can't say I've ever spent an extended period here, but from what I've observed, it's pretty all right.
Vic's is seemingly a laid back, almost dive-y kind of joint.  Everyone seems to be in a pleasant mood and happy to be sipping their beers or liquors.  It can get crowded at times because it's quite a limited space, but it's not unbearable - no snotty patrons or bartenders.  
They have your usual greasy bar food should you require it during those late evening hours after excessive drinking.  
For me this is a  pretty all right place to be passing through for a few drinks but not so sure I would ever dawdle here for more than an hour.When all else fails (or I am in the warehouse district) I like going to Vic's Kangaroo Cafe - or the Kangaroo bar - as known in my group of friends.
This is a great place to go to whenever there is an event going on in the warehouse district: Running of the Bulls, Red Dress Run, Halloween Parade, etc. There is less of a wait than surrounding bars and the prices are pretty on the inexpensive side.
I just found out the last time I went that this bar has a bathroom upstairs as well as downstairs - which is good to know because the bathroom is kind of gross.
I don't suggest getting food from here, the one time we got pizza it was a frozen pizza that they microwaved...Huge cans of Fosters. Refreshing and really cold! Took me all the way to the other side of the river walk to finish it!I just landed in New Orleans for a 7 month tour of duty for work.  I'm staying in at touristy area and just wanted to find a local dive bar to watch Monday Night Football.  This is the spot for sure.
I watched the game with some locals and got some great advice from the bartender and patrons about where to live, eat, and most importantly, drink.
The prices were amazing for such a touristy area ($3 bottles and pints starting at $4). There's a limited menu (I ordered a large $10 pepperoni pizza of which I only ate half). In a place like this the menu only needs to vanquish basic hunger.  You shouldn't be expecting much, and that's quite alright by me.
Jeff the bartender knows his football and can mix it up with the best of them.  
PS - I won $250 on the game.Don't come here and order a Foster's.  Come into this dive bar and get a Coopers Sparkling Ale.  It's bottle conditioned so it's got yeast in the bottle and pours a bit cloudy, it's light, sparkly, sort of lemony but still malty.  Coopers is a fantastic beer for the hot, swampy New Orleans summer, and not easy to find elsewhere.  Otherwise, Vic's is pretty unremarkable.  It's got a jukebox and a cigarette machine, along with drunk, 30-something former frat boys bumping hitting each other in the shoulder and bumping into you.This is a great neighborhood dive bar.  There's not much interest here for people visiting New Orleans because it's really just a bar and it's out of the way of everything on Tchoupitoulas.  Something New Orleans does better than anyone else is making sure their beers are cold.  Vic's serves some of the frostiest brews I've ever had.  Other than that, you're looking at a relatively chill atmosphere with a decent crowd, a jukebox, and wood everywhere.  It's a neighborhood dive that I would love to take advantage of if I lived here, but won't go out of my way to repeat in the future.OK...a little bit of honesty. Vic's and I have a long sordid history. At any point in the 15+ years in business I have either been:
a. That passed out guy at the end of the bar protected by staff.
b. A Vic's Pied Piper trailing a group of drunken idiots towards more idiocy
c. A friend and beneficiary of the wonderful owners.
I remember finding this bar on the day it opened, with Mick Fleetwood look-alike and barely intelligible Vic behind the new bar with a crock pot full of hot dogs and a great deal of charm. Since then, a great deal of my memories, mostly positive, and a great number of my friendships, again, mostly positive, have come from this NOLA dive-turned-Aussie dive. When I was in need of surgery, they held a fundraiser to help. When we didn't want to go home after a crazy night out, they were open and serving some sort of food. No frills, no bullshit...just a BAR. Take your trendy shit to the curb. Attitude is met and beaten back. This is my "Cheers" and always will be!
'This isn't a bad little bar. I like the "Australian" kind of theme. There is usually soccer or some international sport playing on one of the tvs. It isn't the biggest place in the world, but a lot of days it sure beats whatever is going on across the street at Lucy's, which tends to get overly packed.
I probably wouldn't go out of my way to hang out here, but it's a cool spot if I find myself in the area.Great jukebox! Great latenight hangout. Ask for the shepards pie and hangout with great bartenders!We had plans to go to a couple of late night spots for live music. It was late on a Monday night and both places we plan to go to were closed.
We stumbled into Vic' because it was close to our hotel. I was the first one in. I ordered a drink and started talking to the bartender, Dallas. He had a dry, sarcastic self-effacing sense of humor and immediately I knew he was a good guy and a good bartender. I warned him that we had about 15 people coming in behind me and he was completely unfazed. We stayed for close to 3 hours and would have stayed later, but we went to Cafe Du Monde.
This little dive was one of favorite stops on a 35 stop bar crawl. Cheap drinks, good times, great bartender!
Thanks Dallas!Five stars for being the only place open and serving food at midnight. Friend of mine had a late flight and needed some food, after going to a couple places this was out last option. Bar tender had a handful of customers at the bar and was still able to accommodate. Only reason for three stars is because the food is limited to pizza, sheppards pie,and jambalaya. Ordered jambalaya and pizza and a couple beers. One beer they ran out of mid-pour so had to choose another, he forgot about the pizza and had to make another before bringing out (which he very kindly explained and was not a problem) but he also forgot the jambalaya although I already paid and tipped him but I knew he had customers at the bar so I did not want to trouble him anymore. Pizza was a good frozen style heated pizza but it was great. Very nice guy and definitely was working hard which counts. Chill atmosphere.Pretty cool little bar in the warehouse district. Decent beer selection. Good music for fans of classic rockGreat little hole in the wall bar.  Good for a late night snack, they made me a great chicken sandwich at like 3am.  Pizza seems always be available.  Never that busy but perfect to stop in before crashing for the night.  Right next to the Renaisance Hotel.I wandered over here after the nearby Wednesday in the Square, and sat down for a few more pints. About half a dozen people were sitting at the bar, and no one was smoking, but it still smelled of stale cigarette, so we decided to sit outside. It was a beautiful night. 
I like how Vic's commandeered the sidewalk with their patio tables and chairs. It made people walking by squeeze closer in order to walk past. 
At $4 for an Abita, I'll make this a place to stop for a drink if the weather is still nice outside.This bar is killing it in the signage game. I've come by twice, and here's what the sign read:
1. Abs are cool, but have you tried beer?
2. Liquor before beer, you're in the clear. Beer before liquor, you'll be OK. Don't be a little bitch.
I pretty much agree strongly with both those statements, especially since they used the correct version of 'you're.'
On top of that, the drinks are strong, the people are cool, and there's a pool table.Just landed in NOLA for a long weekend and was looking for a bar near our hotel (The Old No. 77).  Bartender David was great!  Super hospitable and gave us some recommendations for our visit.  Loved the '70's era jukebox and the relaxed atmosphere.  Apparently stays open till 4 am for you night owls.  We'll be back!Prices were good.  Beer was terrible.
It tasted sour -- and I'm not a picky drinker.  And I NEVER send stuff back unless I have to.  But we tried two separate beers, and they tasted like sour mash mixed with beer.  
I don't think that they clean their tap lines very often -- or at all.  What was really alarming was when I complained to the bartender, he poured himself a sip in another glass and claimed it tasted fine to him.  If that's their quality control expert, count me out of a return visit to Vic's Kangaroo bar.$3 on domestic and Australian beer!! my kinda bar to begin the night with.I didn't want to write a review about this place as its one of my secret hide-aways (which I want to keep secret) but the cat's already well out of the bag. This is my favorite bar in this section of the Warehouse District as they always have cold beer at a fair price with attentive bartenders.  The food is generally good and they have one of the best shepherd's pies in the city.  Most of the crowd in this area seems to stay focused on Lucy's so you can either deal with waiting and standing over there or you can almost always find a seat in Vic's and get quick service.First time getting flicked off by a waitress... Asked for the manager, she said she was the manager. I've never been treated this way...hard to hear in this place, then got the flick. Thanks. But no thanks. Just wanted pizza... What skinny brunet type manager flicks off peops?!?One of my favorite watering holes. The staff is always friendly, the beer is cold and the prices are fair. I'm glad they made it through the pandemic.Ordered the bbq pork sandwich. They literally scooped up some bbq pork from a tub, put it on a hot dog bun and microwaved it. I've heard of bar food, but this is ridiculous for a place so many speak highly of.the guys were great the one waitress decided to make me and my buddy a fool . and yell at us because we made orders with the guy behind the bar. the tenderness decided we were not to be served the whole night. we paid for jambalaya that was sub par just spicy rice with sausage. never coming here again.To say there are many great bar options in New Orleans is like saying Tom Petty has a decent catalog of songs.  For those in search of an affordable beer and are willing to trade crowded clubs filled with drunk bridesmaids for the cozy corner of a well-spilled bar, give Vic's a shot.  While the warm fragrance of a frozen pizza reminded me of childhood... and college... and nights when my wife is out of town...  I would advise visitors to enjoy lunch and dinner at almost any other restaurant.  However, their jukebox delivers sweet sounds from the seventies with many musical options paying homage to local legends.  The decor is appropriate for any Australian bar in New Orleans, with a photo of a particularly relaxed kangaroo ranking as some of the finest bar art I've seen.  The patrons were lovely and listening to their stories made my evening there quite memorable, with a horrifying story of hungry mullets attacking a human qualifying as the most memorable.  For an afternoon resting spot or for a relaxed alternative for an evening with friends Vic's is a fantastic option.on our way to Briquettes we stop here for drinks. bigger inside than i thought. Great drinks for a reasonable price.Hey lemme tell you something and I've been around the block a time or two I tell you what. My buddy was ejected from this bar for no reason and I am not a happy camper. So I told the bartender to cancel the bill but it was too late our buddy was removed violently and my card had been charged for the pies. We did enjoy the thin crust pepperoni pizza and would recommend it was delicious but I wouldn't be back.One of the rudest bartenders I ever had dealt with. Whoever was the girl that was working yesterday morning at Running with the bulls....get a better attitude. I, along with my friends, will not be coming back thanks to her!This dive bar in New Orleans is a goto joint for drinks or pizza at 4am.  You are likely to run into a celebrity such as a movie star who is in town making a movie.  They have Guinness on tap and that's always a good thing!Laid back local bar in the warehouse district. If not in the mood for the s#*t show that sometimes is Lucy's, walk across the street. The bartenders are fast and drinks are cheap-ish. Play some tunes on the juke box and have a seat. 
I also suggest sitting outside at the sidewalk tables...oh the things you get to witness.Terrible. ..I mean terrible pizza. It's crazy they use a real pizza oven to cook up what tastes like dollar store quality frozen pizza. Even if you're drunk this pizza will be a letdown. Bar tenders are pretty cool, but stick to well drinks.A group of us went here for a saints play off game and there was no music, it's cash only (while the ATM doesn't work) and every member of the staff is extremely rude. The only food option was frozen pizza and the drink options are limited to cheap wine and poorly mixed drinks.This bar just recently re-opened. It's the anomaly in CBD - a neighborhood bar frequented by locals in midst of the hotels and tourists that spill over from French Quarter. Definitely a laid back vibe - come here for beer and a plate of jambalaya!As a local I will never recommend this place to ANYONE! We used to love coming here.... However during Mardi Gras this guy who had been buying a lot of beer from the bar had a bottle of whiskey on him (it's Mardi Gras a lot of people have their own booze on them for the parade route) took his bottle out of his pocket to take a quick swig of it. Out of no where this angry women came by and swiped it out his hand and proceeded to go by the garbage can and pour it in the garbage can. The girlfriend of the man went up to her and was trying to figure out what happened, and as she was telling her not to pour the whiskey out the women pushed her and started yelling in her face. This is wrong on so many levels. Yes, he shouldn't have had his own bottle of whiskey in a bar, but it is Mardi Gras. Also, to put your hands on someone when they are fighting and you have to kick the guy is one thing, but to push a woman after she is just telling you to stop pouring her whiskey out is another thing. Patrons of a bar do not go there with the expectation that they will be violated like that! As a patron and a local I am totally disgusted. I will never go there again! This woman should not be in charge of ANY bar, she is a total liability. Some people aren't cut out for that type of job and she apparently isn't. Hopefully this woman doesn't hurt anybody. The correct way to handle that situation is to ask the person to leave, surely it isn't to snatch it out of the person's hands and proceed to push them.Cash only $10 hot and greasy pizza! Not fresh but great for when you are at the local bars and need a bite to eat. Also a great place to grab a drink.Had long day and bartender wouldn't let me put my head down. I was extremely tired and he wouldn't let me put my head down multiple times. Kept waking me up.I have drank here several times prior to being a Yelper...back on January 22, 2013 was my first time in since Yelp....Honestly, I'm a little behind on some reviews and that allowed John L. H. to steal some of my thunder....
Every time in I have liked the laid back, chill atmosphere of this place....dark, dingy and downright mellow...
I usually like to hit this place, sit at the bar and drink Guinness until my good ol' boy drawl turns Gaellic....but alas, in the early morning hours of January 22 that was not meant to be....(Taking a pause to wipe a solitary tear from my eye)
My times in have definitely been off peak hours so I have never seen the place crowded, example January 22 at roughly 2 AM....The bartenders have always been quick on the drink and pleasant in attitude and the prices are reasonable....
I'm sad that I could not enjoy Guinness on my most recent stop in but unfortunately there was an issue with the Guinness tap or keg or something...I had instant clarity of the pain ol' Bill Shakespeare was trying to make us feel with his story of ill fated love in Romeo and Juliet plus there's nothing an Irishman loves more than feeling sad...
So, I went with my usual Scotch & Water and it was strong as a bull...after finishing my nightcap I strolled off to bed happier than not with my latest stop at Vic's!!!