Don't even mess with those pizza places on bourbon street. If you want a really great slice of pizza just head over here. I'm not even messing around when I say this pizza is good I would have to rate it on one of my top 10 pizza experiences ever. It's relatively cheap and I didn't have a hangover the next night. Check out the chicken place next door too which is owned by the same company.We did not  have high hopes for the only food option open at 9:00 p.m. on Christmas Day.  I was prepared to eat cardboard covered w/canned tomato sauce.  However, we were very pleasantly surprised!  They told us 45 minutes for delivery to our hotel, and it only took about 25.  Prices were reasonable.  Delivery man was pleasant.  Food was hot and fresh and yummy.  We got the Bourbon Special (chicken, spinach, pesto sauce, and feta), and it was really, really good!  Highly recommended if you need something quick and good to eat delivered.  (That's my only experience with it, as I was in from out of town.)It was alright for Burbon Street late night. The service was sucky but hey you get what you pay for. The pizza slice was maybe $4 with a bottled water. Hey I was in The Nola and a little tipsy and almost didn't care what I ate.I'll be honest. I was very drunk and it was very late when we stumbled in here for a late night pizza. However, not only was the pizza super tasty - it probably saved me from a very nasty hangover the next day.
The guys behind the counter indulged me with loads of drunken high fives. Kudos to the guys working the late late shift on Halloween!! Was a great way to end the night.Recommended to this place by a New Orleans resident, and it was okay. It was a good cheap meal, but it wasn't anything impressive. They also have one of the most awkward bathrooms ever.I found this pizza place on Yelp.  Delivery was free to my hotel.  The wait was listed as 45 to 60 min, but it only took 25.  The pizza was perfect for me, crispy crust but not overdone.  The sauce was very good as well.  I highly recommend this place if you're staying near the French quarter.i recall being dragged through bourbon street one night around 3 or 4 am and my friend saying, "believe me it will be worth it." 
it so was. 
i had a slice of chicken pesto pizza (they should consider adding potato)  and it was soooooo good. sure, everything tends to taste good when you have drunken munchies. so i tried to go back sober one afternoon and was sad to find they were closed. it was a monday at like 2 pm? i will have to go back sober some time.We came in to grab pizza to go and the guys in there were above and beyond the best!! They gave our kids small balls of pizza dough and were teaching them how to roll and ball them. The kids absolutely loved every minute and when we got back to the hotel the pizza was great!! All of us thought it tasted great and loved the experience at the restaurant as well!Asked a door guy where I could get fast good slice o pizza. Told me here. Small place only accepts cash. Huge slice for $3.50 yummy. Wheel of fortune was on. The bathroom door does not lock beware. Pizza was good.My wife and I were looking for a delivery pizza option that would be a step up from the chains (Papa Johns / Dominos / etc...) and thought we found it with Vieux Carre. We ordered from the Hilton Riverside hotel and, even though we were less than a mile away, we were quoted a 1 hour delivery time. The pizza we received made me wonder if they had just swung by pizza hut and replaced the box. It was edible, but not much more. In addition, the delivery guy wouldn't come to the room and grew impatient when it took more than 30 seconds for me to get down to the lower lobby to pick up the pizza. I guess our expectations were just too high, but this would not warrant a repeat order, particularly in a city with the fantastic food of New Orleans.First things first I need to specify that I ate this pizza sober. there are a lot of reviewers that stated to be drunk when consuming the pie so I want to give a realistic review. Although the pizza was good I wouldn't say it's the best that I have had but definitely better than any pizza chain. I was estimated 45 minutes for the delivery and it came in 30 minutes. I received a call from.the delivery man once he was in the hotel lobby. the pizza was warm not cold as some reviewers had specified.  I ordered the San Francisco. it was good and inexpensive. if I am ever back in town I would eat it again if delivery is needed of course. in comparison to the other restaurants on Bourbon street this may be your best choice  unless you are eating at the Bourbon House. Good choice for the kids. My son is eating two slices at the same time as I am writing this post.Stoked friend of mine suggested having pizza here. I ordered slice of spinach and cheese pizza. So good. We were a bit turnt first night trying though, tried the following night sans alcohol and just as if not more pleased than night prior. Thank you, Shannon! Also super funny memories from night one dining here. Never forget. Will return!Best pizza in the French Quarter! We visited Vieux Carre twice during our stay and it was exceptional both times.  I loved the Bourbon special pizza with chicken, pesto, feta and spinach.  It was reasonably priced and the staff was friendly.The first night I was in New Orleans, I made terrible life decisions, one of which involved buying a Hurricane not from a reputable bar, but instead from a man selling homemade concoctions in an alley off of Bourbon Street. It was $5. I tipped him $5. I proceeded to drink a frozen form of this popular Hurricane headache and found myself taking a shot of Jameson from a rather friendly bartender.
In an effort to sober my drunk ass self up, and to save tomorrow's hangover, I decided to buy pizza from Vieux Carre Pizza, which is located in close proximity to the Dauphine Hotel. I ordered myself and my sister a large pizza - half pepperoni and sausage. I think the total was $17.10, which is rather expensive now that I think about it. In any case, the pizza was delicious. The dough was bomb. I can't emphasize how good the dough was. It was fluffy and the dough to topping ratio was on point. In fact, we ate this pizza the next day without refridgerating it and it was still good.
If you find yourself in a drunken stupor, like myself, I highly suggest you buy a pizza from here.Y'all, this pizza is SOOOOO good! The crust is thicker and very flavorful, the ingredients seem fresh and of great quality. This is amazingly delicious pizza for any meal of the day! ...we were  here 3 nights in a row, sober and with a few drinks! We tried all their pizza slices and cheese bread,  and they were all good. Definitely stop at this place during the day, or late at night. You will not be disappointed!There is a wait time for larger orders.  The pizza is really good and the breadsticks are great!!  Definately recommended!!After a long night of drinking, my husband and I stumbled back to the hotel and jumped into bed, only to realize, we were HUNGRY! There was no way in hell I was putting socially acceptable clothes back on and searching the streets for something to eat. I looked on Yelp, found the nearest pizza place, and ordered away. They answered the phone on the first ring, did not put me on hold (which most pizza places are notorious for), took my order and delivered the pizza to our hotel in about 30 minutes. We ordered a large cheese and after delivery charge and tip it came out to $16. You can't beat that! This is not fantastic pizza by any means but it does the job. We both woke up hangover free and I'm pretty positive I have Vieux Carre Pizza to thank for that.Delicious Pizza delivered to our room!  A supreme
Loaded pizza with the best cheese we've ever eaten for $17!A really close second best pizza in the NOLA. Great thicker crust pizza, but not quite deep dish, really fills you if looking for a hardier slice. Pretty good quality crust for a little side pizza spot. Thing that really sucks at night is no credit cards accepted???Not a huge place, but the bourbon special pizza has been some of the best and freshest pizza I've had anywhere! Both today at about 9:30pm as well as last night at about 4:30 am when I originally found it. I'm really impressed that the quality is this good at any time of day. Kudos!!Nice service folks, we tried the meaty offering and the  chicken pesto, it was oddly similar to the pizza I got at the Buffalo airport before I left. Nothing fancy, but it's not garbage if you need to fill your belly.If I could leave a negative star review I would but unfortunately this makes me pick a one. The place is filthy, like literally, trash piled on the bar area and and all over the floor/tables. 
The pizza was horrible, I think the people who leave positive reviews are either totally wasted or have no tastebuds. I think dominos pizza was gourmet compared to this garbage. I never really leave bad reviews like this, but this joint was awful. As I looked around everyone was drunk out of their minds mostly so clearly this must taste like paradise. I will never go back and my tastebuds are still traumatized by the awful cafeteria pizza that I ate.Great slice of pizza. Bold fold pepperoni was just the thing to save the day! Hot and ready no need to wait.Dropped by at 1am in the morning during a Saturday night in the cattle drive of Bourbon Street.  There is a walk up window for ordering.  There were around 10 people in front of us.  Service was quick.  The pizza was fresh and good.Ordered take out from here. Ended up getting the San Francisco which turned out to be pretty darn good! The cheesy bread was good also. It is a good sized portion! 
We had the medium (14") pizza which was more than enough for me and my better half. She even commented that the food was pretty good.
I'd get food from here again!So this is the spot. Pizza is fluffy but with crispy crust. Down the street from the apartment we were staying at, so thats how we discovered and have gone every night before we head to bed.Do not go here. Literally there are dozens of other pizza places on bourbon that won't rip you off. Crusty people, crusty pizza. The cashier tried to give my friend $1 back for a $4 slice on a $20. Then instead of listening to reason the manager said he would "review the tape". This took 30 minutes. While we waited the cashier called us profanities and was unapologetic. Even when the manager returned to tell us we were right and gave us the full $16 change, they offered no apology for the disrespectful way they handled the entire conversation.
If you respect your time and money, walk past this place.Drunk or sober this is hands down the best pizza you can get off Bourbon street. You can tell they use quality ingredients.Currently eating here! Husband and I got a slice each and 2 cokes for $10.50! Delicious pizza, super big slices. Small divey type place, but great spot to stop and eat. No line at 5:30pm!Best pizza in NOLA and across America. The dough is a perfect consistency of yumminess and deliciousness. Cheese bread and garlic bread is so amazing i don't even know how to describe it.Pizza was good onsite but delivery was incredibly slow. Was supposed to be delivered in 45 minutes...90 minutes still waiting. Only go here if you're desperate and can get there in person.I work at a strip club on Bourbon St., so take my word for it when I say that Vieux Carre Pizza is the best "pizza by the slice" available in the Quarter. Certainly my favorite stop during my lunch break. Forget Jester's pizza and all of those cardboard bread pizza slices up and down Bourbon. The bread at Vieux Carre is nice and thick, and the pizza is delicious. I recommend the chicken and spinach, but they're all good. Not only is the pizza fabulous, but the prices are also the cheapest. A slice of cheese will only cost you $3.00, where as slices with toppings run from $4.00-4.50. 
Probably the best place to stop in the Quarter for an extremely quick and cheap eat. Service is friendly as well. All of the guys that work here are rather nice.This is the most unbelievable pizza I've ever had in my life. My friends and I were just looking for a short drunken bite and we ended up going back every day while we were vacationing in New Orleans. INCREDIBLE and an absolute must. Try the bourbon pizza, then try it four more times. I promise you that you will not regret it.It was ok. I have had better. But they came earlier than they stated and they had delivery. So it was convenient for me...I never do reviews but felt it should be done here. I had just got home after a cross country flight and was starving.  I ordered a pizza for delivery and was charged for the pizza. I received a notification that it would be delivered in 45-60 minutes. It was never delivered. I assumed they were busy and gave leeway on the time. An hour and a half later the pizza was never delivered and the store was closed.   Didn't even get a call or text to say the order was cancelled.Too salty. Convenient if you're in the quarter, but a lot like little caesars. Better than frozen any day though.Yeah... who thinks of pizza when going to New Orleans!?!?  Well, just in case you are hitting Bourbon Street hard and don't want ettouffee, or rice and beans or some other New Orlean's "delicacy", there is a great pizza option right in the French Quarters.  Go off Bourbon by a block or so and find Vieux Carre.  When you step in the shop, it actually reminded me of the pizza shops from home. Nothing special, small counter with a carousel of pizzas by the slice.  There really aren't a bunch of specialty pies sitting out there for you to select from, but the slices are very good!  I agree with others to bypass the pizzas at all the bars serving those frozen drinks... Get the Hand Grenade drink on Bourbon and then head on over to Vieux Carre to grab your slice!A notch better than your typical pizza from the likes of Dominos.  Although some would say Papa John's still beats these guys out in flavors.  New Orleans locals however, all say this is where it's at for all your pizza needs.  Slices are sold always and since people are always in and out, fresh slices are always available.  Locals also say the Bourbon special is what's recommended.  I'm saying, "aucun" / no.. not for this Chicago pizza lover.  Chicken, spinach, pesto and feta doesn't sound like a winner for me, but plenty of women stand by this special.
If wanting a full pie, it takes about fifteen minutes or less since they are often making fresh pizzas to sell.  The place can be nuts at times, especially after dark because they are just a few feet off of Bourbon.  The pizza is hand tossed thin and unlike the many, many other places in the nearby area selling pizza slices it tastes good and you might return for another slice.  In the last three days, for different reasons I've been back more than 3x times.
A few tables are for diners in seating anywhere up to ten or so. Open late.  
For those of you tourists that are negligent of the creole / Louisiana accent when asking for directions don't pronounce it as it is written; I got a lot of smiles and laughs.  It's pronounced "Voo Cur-ray"Had the veggie pizza, wings and breadsticks delivered. Awesome food. Fairly quickly and watch it run. Great thanksAfter several attempts on Yelp online ordering, we got it straight. We ordered the bourbon pizza, chicken spinach pesto feta with add mushrooms. The pizza was at our hotel within 40 mins. With free delivery, that's not bad! The pizza was really good and not because we were hungry after doing the tourist thing all day! Give them a shot, they won't disappoint...Bourbon street has lots of pizza joints where you can get a good old greasy slice after (and during!) a night of drinking, but for absolute indulgence just take a few (literally) steps off Bourbon and try Vieux Carre Pizza. Located on St. Louis behind Chris Owens bar, it has hot, delicious, non-greasy pizza that is leaps and bounds above the greasy overpriced pizza on Bourbon. And you must try the Bourbon Slice! With chicken, spinach, pesto and feta cheese...it'll make your taste buds happy! (Okay after writing this I have now decided Vieux Carre is what I'm having for dinner!)Pizza in NOLA just stinks.  After loosing our money at Harrah's we walked outside and asked some locals where the best pizza place was. They sent us here.
Their pizza makers said this was going to be the best pizza we've ever had, apparently they have never been to sneaky pizza place on the 2nd floor of the Cosmo in Vegas, it wasn't.
It was decent, some of the girls complained about acid reflux in the morning and blamed the pizza, but not anything that knocked our socks off. Almost $40 for 2 pies AND we had to wait 20 mins for them. 
Pizza in NOLA just sucks if you ask me.  That's why you see hot dog stands popping up on the corners. 
After looking at the pix, the pizza doesn't even look good...A solid choice in the FQ. Just steps from our hotel....there were no shortage of choices, however, the ability to order online directly from the YELP app made the difference. Our pizza was ready, on time, and actually tasted great as well. The whole experience was solid and we won't hesitate to order from them again.This is by far the BEST pizza in New Orleans. A bouncer recommended this place to us a few years ago and it's become a staple pit stop every time we go to Bourbon. The crust is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, the cheese is perfectly melted, and the meat is the bomb.After one drink called the Hurricane from Pat O'Briens, I was drunk and craving for food.  We found this pizza joint close by, and I had a slice of pepperoni pizza. Surprisingly it was very good.  The cheese was thick and the pizza tasted like a cross between a Chicago style and New York style. It definitely satisfy my appetite.After waiting for about 10-15 minutes on the guy behind the counter to let me know the pizza I asked for was ready (Hawaiian, one of the 4 or 5 options), he told me he hadn't even started making it yet. I reminded him that I had been sitting 10 feet away waiting on the pizza, but he insisted he thought I wasn't serious about it. There were only two other customers in the place, it wasn't as if I'd been lost in the crowd.Nice people, but awful pizza when you're sober. Thick doughy crust, great for soaking up the alcohol, but not much for flavor. Ugly dirty place, would it kill them to freshen it up a bit?Now, this wasn't our first trip to NOLA, so we knew we didn't want some tourist spot! We know good pizza and no matter how late it was, we were not willing to pass up on taste! 
We ordered a double cheese pizza with light sauce.
Regular cut the first night, and square cut the second night. The pizzas are as customizable as you can imagine and the service is face. They delivered right to our hotel lobby and didn't keep us waiting a second. The pizza was hot, the ingredients were fresh, and everyone savored each bite.If you're in the French Quarter only get pizza here.  It's cheap and good and not like those daiquiri places.Stayed at Q&C Hotel during Mardi Gras season, and got hungry past 11pm-- I was so worried we would be outta luck but this place got a pizza to our hotel room door in under 30 min! So happy! 
Note: it was cash only, but that was fine with me. :)This is a come and go kind of pizza place. I only enjoy it when I'm starving or have had a few drinks which...is every time I've come here so I guess I'm satisfied each time. It's not a place I'd bring my folks though, that's for sure. 
That being said, I like the chicken and pesto slice and the spinach and feta slice the best. It's a smallish place where you walk in and order at the counter. They heat up the pizza and you can take your slice to the few tables to the right and use the bathroom before you go on your merrily way in the Quarter. 
For what it is, it's a great pit stop. And across the way is a Big Ass Beer place so there's that.We were craving a late night pizza and this was one of the few places we found open late on a Sunday. They delivered to our hotel in less than 45 minutes. We did half cheese and half pepperoni and mushroom. For a large pizza and 3 cokes, the bill was only $23. Great service and delicious pizza.Quality and price makes this place unbeatable.  Wonderful toppings, excellent crust recipe and great choices makes this place hard to beat for pizza. Ate here five times in one trip. Enough said.Supplied pizza to a 15 person bachelor party quickly and easily. Dude came on a bike, and was very cool. 10/10 would do it again. Food was good, too.Very rude staff.  We didn't try the pizza, although the wings were excellent, even though they took about 15-20 minutes to get them from the time we ordered.  (Having worked in restaurants for much of my youth, they should only take about 8 minutes to fry.)  You could tell they were just taking their time before they even bothered with the order.
The wings were seasoned perfectly, although I don't know with what exactly.  They serve the sauces on the side (cold), which I'm okay with, but I would have rather been given an option to have the wings sauced before served.  That said, no sauce was really needed considering how well they were seasoned.
This seemed to be one of the few places in the French Quarter that sold chicken wings.  Located right off Bourbon St., this is a great place to go for an appetizer before dinner or for a late night snack.Horrible customer service, especially in the evenings. The first time I called a month ago they "didn't accept Credit Cards" even though it is posted on their website and the food delivery site the use.
This time I called in my order, (I called and emailed twice to confirm the order and my address), I waited one hour and forty minutes.  The third call they say they won't deliver to Treme...xxxBonus for this place being opened late, but don't be fooled. The pizza is terrible. Good people though. Next time just get a frozen pizza and bake it yourself.After being up for 18 hours, 12 of those hours spent on flights, this piping hot, cheesy, fresh veggie and meat toppings pie hit the spot!  Who'd'a thunk I'd come across such a tasty pizza in the Crescent City...not this Cali raised guy, good job!It's pizza when you're drunk...and only when your drunk. Pizza is placed back into oven so it is a little dried out and still got cold fastI've been to NO twice & have stopped in here 8 times! Love love love the pizza! After a night of binging, took my friends here & they fell in love as well. We ate for lunch & dinner over cajun lol! It's great drunk or sober! Supreme, Pepperoni, chicken & pesto...try it all! Maybe fly it home too!
Cash only tho. Enjoy!!Best Pizza in Nola! Not a lie. Highly recommend! Great, friendly staff! Awesome pizza anytime of day. Conveniently off bourbon streetAfter visiting many establishments in the French Quarter and the hour was getting late, I was in the mood for pizza.  Looking in several places along Bourbon St (interestingly many of these other pizza joints had a dizzying array of frozen drinks on offer too) uncovered nothing appetizing.  However, the neon sign at Vieux Carre Pizza caught my eye.  So wandered down and had  a look.  Pizza looked and smelled good coming out of the oven so I got a slice to go.  Was a tasty treat to munch on while walking back to the hotel.  Great way to end an evening!On our last night in NOLA my husband and I were pretty exhausted and wanted to get some easy and quick food delivered to our hotel room.  We ordered the supreme pizza and a Greek salad.  It took a little longer to get to us than estimated; however it was hit upon arrival.  The pizza reminded my husband of Pizza Hut-but only in the sense that the crust was thick.  This is a hardy pizza, the toppings are plentiful, the sauce was very tasty and plentiful.  The cheese was also really good-you could tell it was fresh by the way it was stringy and melty! The salad was fresh and a nice accompaniment to the pizza.  I would eat here again if I were back in town.Got my pizza delivered; very good pizza but took them an hour to get the pizza to my house which was 10 mins away, also when I got the pizza it was cold. I like the pizza just not the service.Who wants some Pie? This is your place for good pizza by the slice. Hot, cheap, close to Bourbon. Found this place on yelp and was pleasantly surprised. Great Crust as well. Good Eats & Cheers!Quick delivery. Very delicious - a little pricy. The cheesy bread is amazing, I highly recommend it. 
The medium size pizza (smallest size they have) is HUGE. $30 w/ tip- cheese bread, medium 2 topping pizza, can of soda.The atmosphere is not very flattering but the pizzas are really good. And they are open late.Reading so many great reviews, we decided to go here...big mistake. The pizza here wasn't any better than papa johns or dominoes. Only difference...I expect this level of "quality" from dominoes..We ordered pizza here to be delivered to our place. Pizza was delicious, arrived warm and within a reasonable time of our order being placed. Great ending to a night out.This place doesn't look like much but omg the pizza is delicious!! I tried the cheese and vegetarian slices and it was both really good. If you looking for a quick bite then this is the place to go! They have limited seating area but it's not an issue at all.Date of original review: 12-7-2015
Best pizza in the quarter! There are plenty of greasy slice pizza joints on every corner in the quarter (especially on bourbon) but if you just take a couple of steps off bourbon you will find Vieux Carre pizza. It is fresh, pizza by the slice (though you can order whole pizzas). Their Bourbon slice is the things dreams are made of! It has chicken, spinach, pesto and feta cheese and I have been known to drive to the quarter just for this pizza (and this says a lot considering how big of a pain parking is!)
Tip: They are open late (3:30 or 4:30) and also deliver (not sure what times delivery is available).I'm a new Orleans local and this is my favorite spot for pizza in the quarter, and their garlic bread is amaziiiiing!They always have fast and friendly service.best late night snack right off burbon st!
jumbo slices of pizza!Any place where I can get Pizza By The Slice thats half good when I'm drunk is gonna get praise. But in all seriousness, I did enjoy this pizza. I had it twice during my first trip to New Orleans. Both times I was intoxicated and both times I got their equivalent of a Meat Lovers. The crust is a little thicker than I like it, but I think it helped soak up alcohol in my stomach. I can't think of anything negative to say about the place, the service was fast the pizza was good, the locals like it too. On New Year's Eve I saw a group of NOPD Cops make a break in the line and get pizza for themselves. I thought that was kinda cool. They made every one take 5 steps back and then ordered pizza!
When I return to The French Quarter, I'm sure I'll be returning to Vieux Carre for more late night slices.I am in love with the cheesy bread. It is so good and so addictive. The pizza is good also and one slice is so filling. Super fast delivery (on a Sunday afternoon) also!Wanted some pizza without going to far from Bourbon Street.  We had a fresh meat lovers prepared and it was really good.  Only reason this isn't a 5 star is because it wasn't very clean and the restroom was out of order.  Totally get why it can get a bit dirty inside being so close to Bourbon, but just a little effort could make VC Pizza really stand out since their food is so good.late night drunk pizza. i think this pizza would be pretty good even if you had it at say 8pm vs 2am.What can I say. Fabulous pizza, especially late in the evening. 
If you eat in, it's not table side service, but a place to sit and enjoy you food, drink, and the eclectic group that passes through.A definite hole in the wall that is well worn - if you can get past that and want to get tasty chicken fingers for a buck a piece then this is the place to come - especially if you only have 15 minutes before a walking tour begins and you are starving! They are served in a paper bag piping hot and oily but hit the spot! P.s. Do yourself a favor and don't actually look at the oil in the fryer....Decent pizza. Highlights are they deliver late. My only complaint is that the wing that were so raved about came with ranch instead of hot sauce. May be my fault for not specifying but they should've asked. And  also they were very very short and rushed on the phone but ill give them a pass cause it was halloween night.