awesome iced coffee specials on mondays, chicken salad is extremely goodVillage is really a neighborhood-y coffee shop serving the hard working inhabitants of Uptown. I've spent many a days here typing away outside, inside, and upstairs (silent working area- most productive working spot in a cafe in the city) due not only to it's primo location to my home but it's strong enough coffee and treats. Village offers an array of sandwiches and snacks to keep you going as you work, and if you opt for the ceramic (or self brought) mug, you'll likely get a free refill if you ask nicely :)Came in looking for a way to avoid the library and found exactly what I needed. Has two floors to study on with wifi available when you buy a drink. I ordered a caramel frappé and it's delicious.Let me start by saying that it only took a few visits before Village Coffee became one of my go to coffee shops. With the friendly Baristas and good coffee, I can easily spend time sitting and sipping. If you're interested in flavored syrups, you won't be disappointed in the assortment of both regular and sugar free flavors.With plenty of seating and a quite area upstairs, this a nice place to spend a productive afternoon. My favorite thing about Village Coffee might have to be the chocolate covered espresso bean that tops the espresso drinks. The only problem I have is that the wifi isn't free and you are only given 4 hours per log in. This is problematic when you are choosing to get some work done here.This place holds itself out as a great spot for all things coffee, tea, sandwiches & sweet treats, with new kitchen hours too.
I stopped in for a large chai tea latte, made with soy milk (about $4.50). It was neither very hot (temperature) nor particularly flavorful, though the soy milk helped it to be a bit more full bodied. Truthfully, the chai latte at Borders Bookstore is FAR SUPERIOR. Too bad Borders has gone bye bye!
The other offerings here LOOK nice but I did not avail myself of them. The outside patio is quite nice, especially in the late afternoon. Plus, they have free wifi inside & out. It's just "ok" as neighborhood coffee shops go.Good coffee and has almond milk, friendly staff
Don't like tea selections very much and not a lot of pastry optionsI'm a regular at Village Coffee by now.  Mainly because its close to my house and they accept credit cards.  They've got lots of counter space and plugs for laptops and their internet is reliable.  The coffee is very middle of the road, but the baristas really do try to make things right.  The baked goods are decent.  The sandwiches are better than I expected - the chicken salad is damn good.
The owners frequently work the counter which is good to see.
Still, Village Coffee says "chain" too much for my tastes.  I prefer chalkboard menus, generic coffee cups, and non-uniformed staff over "slick" ads, elaborate menus with starbucks knock-off drinks, and silly village coffee apparel on the baristas.  Just my preferences, I guess.  I like a homegrown appearance and its obvious that Village Coffee basically bought a "coffee shop in a box" business model.
Oh well... I'll still be a regular.
PS: They removed the hideous "no public restroom" sign that Ruth Y mentioned.  Thank god.They said, "it takes a village to operate a coffee house." Okay, maybe THEY did not say anything about coffee house, but at Village Coffee it only takes three skillfully efficient and talented guys to keep up the good image of this place.
It was a Monday, and it was the end of a long and wonderful vacation, unfortunately the workplace has already been bugging me, eagerly awaiting my return; so I need a place to get my last proper vacation-style meal before noon, and need a good quite place for to get some work in.
As I drove up Jefferson Ave, I came across this coffee shop; I know this is the right place when I see the patio tables filled with laptops and books, and people dived into their works with no regard to anything outside that short metal fence. 
I was greeted properly as I walked in, and by the time I pay and found a table to drop off my bag, the order was ready.
I got a very delicious croissant sandwich with black forest ham and Swiss, and a mouth watering fruit tart for dessert, plus fresh ground beans coffee that went into making my iced cafe mocha. I have to say I was quite taken by this place.i liked this place alot. i think the look is better than Starbucks. i didnt have any coffee cuz i just came from the Coffee Fest that was happening at the beginning of the block. i did have the zucchini bread which was really yummy.
i look forward to future trips to this establishment.I love this place. They make the most amazing Morning Glory and Lemon Poppyseed muffins. That a cup of coffee mmm hmm. Noland is the best cashier they have there. He is quite friendly and personable.The employees are rude and not friendly. But overall the coffee is amazing, but will not be back because of the unfriendly people.Friendly baristas. I visited there between business appointments at Loyola & Tulane. I had a vitamin water and water and apple walnut muffin while working using their free wireless service. Initially my computer didn't connect easily but the barista was very helpful in getting it to work. (My Dell computer is finicky across state lines). 
For lunch I had a Cobb salad that was sure to fill me for the rest of the day. It was very good. The friendly staff delivered it to the table and were very welcoming. This is a New Orleans trait of the residents. They all like to know when you're moving in! Very friendly folks!This place is surely a great study spot! My second favorite coffee shop location and this is why: Ghirardelli mocha. It's my favorite! The right amount of chocolate and caffeine which serves as a good wake up drink! They have other classic greats like cafe latte, mocha, and iced lattes. I would check out this place if I was you! Free wifi, and great collegiate atmosphere!This place is absurdly expensive. Every Sunday I pay about $10 for a bagel which usually wouldn't bother me except every time they give me something slightly different. Each time I order a bagel with avocado and lox and it comes with capers, onions, and tomatoes. Sometimes I get no capers, sometimes I get no tomatoes, capers, or onions. Last time I got a bagel with literally just cream cheese and avocado which means they somehow forgot more than half the ingredients of my order (and it's not like it's a custom order, it's a menu item!). I don't think I'll be coming back to this place.I'll be honest: I hate village coffee for one very absurd reason.
I wanted to open a coffee shop in the building they bought and restored.
Every time I come in, I sit and think of what could have been.
But on to the Village Coffee review...  Upon first entering, this place reeks of chain coffee shop.  Slick menus, ads, frozen coffee drinks, and so on.  I ordered an iced americano and was pleasantly surprised.  They make good espresso!  What a surprise.
If you like decent coffee and the pre-fab coffee shop experience, then you're going to love some Village Coffee.  I like my coffee shops to feel more home grown, so I hate the atmosphere of the place.Went here to conduct an interview for a class assignment. There's a quiet room upstairs for studying with plenty of seating, while there wasn't enough seating downstairs. There were more seats outdoors than there were inside, so of course we went outdoors to do the interview. The staff weren't the friendliest, as there was an awkward waiting moment for one of the two baristas to acknowledge me despite me being right in front of them. The coffee was about average with a chocolate drop placed on top of the cup as a treat, which made it unique. 3 out of 5.This is where I go to get my first cup of coffee--the place I scrape myself out of bed for with the knowledge that even when I come in wearing stupid red furry pajama pants with hearts on them, the barristas will still be their kind selves. And that little espresso bean that comes on top of the hot drinks packs a good punch.
Each week there is a latte special where you can get a new flavor of the week at a discount--I am currently hooked on the king cake latte. My favorite things to eat are the spinach croissant, warmed briefly, and the salmon bagel with avocado and red chopped onions and capers and cream cheese. I also really love the tomato basil cream cheese spread.
Though the environment is not quirky--probably modeled off of a franchise template of sorts, there is something about it's straightforward layout that lends itself towards  getting things done (not to mention the quiet floor upstairs which would be a godsend to studiers and writers). I have benefited from using a conference room upstairs, as well, and it is awesome. The environment is upbeat and clean. The bathrooms feel as nice as a well kept upscale home. The barristas and owners are genuinely good natured--not fakely so--I just always feel better after popping in and I have been coming here since it first opened. 
It was one of the first businesses to bring foot traffic to the new Freret business corridor and for that alone, I will always be a loyal Village fan.A solid coffee joint.  Between this and Mojo down the street, coffee on Freret is in good shape.I have been a reluctant regular here for over a year, despite the mediocre coffee, bad 80s music and abrasive owner, just because of the supposedly quiet study space upstairs. When it is, in fact, quiet, it's a great place to study.
I'm finally giving up on Village, mostly due to the owner. She treats customers disrespectfully too often for me to continue supporting her business. She scolds people for moving tables, has loud conversations or even turns on the TV in the self-proclaimed "quiet" study space even when it's full of paying customers trying to work. Recently she kicked everyone out of the upstairs on a moment's notice because of a leak, failing to realize or acknowledge that there was no downstairs seating left and we had just paid for lunch. No apology, no offer to let us cancel our orders and get a refund, nothing. One barista told me apologetically, when I asked for a refill on a go cup, that she would be "yelled at" for giving me a refill in a paper, rather than a ceramic cup. Limiting refills to ceramic cups is a fine policy; yelling at your staff is not. 
On the plus side, the staff themselves are great, and the place has got a good location and nice space, but the owner seems to think that the place is her private home and customers are guests at best, intruders at worst. She's simply got to adjust her approach to people.The coffee and espresso have consistently been disappointing.  They make the espresso for iced drinks ahead of time, which makes them very acidic and can make your stomach hurt.  I live very close and always go elsewhere for a better cup o'It's a coffee shop! Like the space, love the coconut flavored iced mocha drink they used to have, have had many a meeting with people here. (Okay, like two. Many meetings = Two meetings. In this instance, at least.) 
They have wifi, but it doesn't always work (or maybe it was just my computer.... you never know) and I'm pretty sure you get the wifi code on your receipt. I think. 
Definitely a solid coffee shop. I'd probably come here way more if I still lived Uptown.The coffee is just middle of the road here, nothing special. What I like about this place is the quiet upstairs area but you have to buy something to go up.
I did have one iffy experience, I once ordered a frappuccino and asked for a shot of expresso to be added. When I got my drink it had expresso grounds in it! I've ordered the same drink several time and gotten the additional expresso shot and it has never had ground up expresso beans in it. When I brought it to their attention they told me that is how they make it and that they thought I wanted it the 'regular way'. I was in a huge hurry so I just decided to give it a shot.
About 1/2 through the drink I was starting to get a sour stomach and I think it was the bitter ground expresso. It made the texture of the frapp chalky and gritty. I haven't ordered any blended drinks there since.
Last time I went I ordered a breakfast sandwich on an everything bagel. I was really hungry and in a hurry so it did the job it just wasn't that great of a bagel. The iced coffee was mehhh, it had too much ice which over the course of drinking it made it watery. 
This is just an OK coffee shop, because they are on the way for me in the morning, I will continue to periodically go but there are definitely better ones in town.Sorry hippies, Starbucks coffee is better than most local coffee shops. That's why there's one on every corner.
The best thing a mom & pop can do to compete is offer free Wi-Fi and have lots of outlets and this place does that well enough.
Avoid exam week at all costs or be prepared to fight sorority girls for a table. Those girls fight dirty.Village Coffee is a nice coffee shop. It's got a small lobby with a half dozen tables and a quiet study room with more seating upstairs.
The coffee is solid. I've had a cappuccino and a latte, both were tasty and well executed. As a little lagniappe it's served with a chocolate covered coffee bean on the plastic lid. You can keep the flavored coffees of the day, I'll take mine with just some milk.
I like to get breakfast here on days I drop my girl off for a morning class at Loyola. My item of choice is the bagel with lox. The bagel is always toasted right without getting burned, the lox plentiful, and the capers briney.
Bathrooms are clean but you need to get a key from the counter for the downstairs ones. Internet is available, check the sign at the counter for the code.As I'm currently In graduate school, I've found this place invaluable. They have great drinks, such as the hot chocolate and fizzy sodas, and the coffee is great to enjoy in store or take home as a pound. I highly recommend the medium roast. If you're in the area, stop by for some coffee and free wifi.Went in to Village Coffee today for some quick lunch, pretty simple had a bagel with cream cheese, tomatoes and onions. It came quickly and cheerfully and cost less than $3. I've been for the coffee and tea before too both are solid. It's also a good place to study and get work done or chill with friend. It's close to my apt so that's another big plus. They have an upstairs meeting room too which could be useful for all sorts of purposes and such. Good work Village Coffee I'll be seeing you again soon!I'm a fan of Village Coffee because it's on my way to work.  I don't even have to make any turns to pick up a cup (unless street parking isn't available, then I have to turn into their lot).  The coffee is okay - picked up a plain iced coffee this morning.  But I do like that they have soy milk (plain and vanilla). I'll probably continue to come here since it's so convenient for me.Love this place. Staff is awesome! New hot coffee lids are no good:/ love the points system!How can you screw up a coffee? Don't know but this place specializes on it. 
Food is mediocre. The only + is the free internet. Thats about it.Ugh, this place is not good. I want it to be. But it's not. The coffee always tastes terrible - I think really over roasted. I got the hazelnut "granita" once and it was acidic, sweet, and sour all at the same time. It was really disappointing. 
The environment is not work/study friendly either. And if you go in the "quiet section" upstairs (I know, it says "adults only" which seems like it's an XXX rated video store, but it's not) do NOT even whisper. I have gotten rudely scolded for whispering on more than one occasion. All I whispered was "yes" to my friend!Great staff and coffee one of my favs close to my house.  Love there rewards program def worth it and they serve French Truck Iced Coffee YUMS!!I'm not a coffee drinker but my SO is & he stops by Village Coffee daily. Prices are good; coffee is tasty and staff is friendly.  Definitely better than the abandoned bank building that once brought down this corner.While I'm not as outraged as Charles H., I gotta be honest: the iced coffee here is sub par. I drink a lot of iced coffee around town and the brew here is two things I can't stand: super bitter with a tart under taste and so packed with caffeine that it made me feel jittery and weird.
I got the iced coffee with 2% milk, but I guess that wasn't enough to dilute the weird, bitter flavor of it. It just wasn't good. I got a large, took 2 sips and really wanted to throw the rest away. I forced myself to drink it, so as not to have totally wasted my money, and I was left a shaky, over-caffeinated mess by the time I finished the cup.
They are getting three stars because the woman in front of me ordered 4 or 5 cups of coffee and a ton of pastries and they were fast about it, so I didn't have to wait long to get my order in and get out of there. The atmosphere seems nice and would be a quiet place to do work or chat, but the coffee just wasn't for me.I really like their coffee. (I also like Starbucks coffee, so interpret this as you wish). They have a very nice salad, sandwich, and pastry selection. The upstairs study room is great for working and I have not had problems with the wifi.
A great place to work and meet for conversation BUT on weekdays at school let-out time this the go-to place for all the local Middle and High Schools, and the lines get crazy, and the place gets very crowded and loud.  The upstairs study room remains quiet.After going to Village regularly for the last 3 years of college,  today is the last day I will EVER set foot in their shop. 
After buying a small tea and coffee at mojo and leaving due to lack of seats, my boyfriend and I went to reliable Village. We ordered $5.50 orange juice and a $4 croissant all of which cost $11.34 with a $1 tip (twice as much as we spent at mojo).  
Not 2 minutes after getting our food and drink, one of the workers came over and asked if the coffee we had was from Village. After we replyed that it wasn't he began to chastise us for bringing other coffee into the shop. As we moved to leave while he continued, he tried to negate the rudeness of his beratement by saying "you don't have to leave. We appreciate your business" but continuing his chastising in the same breath. 
If it's okay for people to sit in Village for hours buying nothing, but buying over priced orange juice and crossaints doesn't make up for bringing in two small unlabeled to go cups, I recommend you either
1. Get quality stuff and go to mojo or Rook.  
2. Or save your money and don't bother purchasing anything at Village when you're there.  
From now on, I'll be enjoying better coffee and better people down the street. Hope to see you doing the same.BEST NOLA COFFEESHOP FOR STUDYING. Entire upstairs area dedicated to quiet zone. Downstairs features bar with easy access to electric ports for laptops. Wish I had tried this place in law school!
Staff wasn't friendliest, but bagel was excellent- chewy and fresh. The iced horchata latte is rich and cinnamon-y without being heavily sweet.When I want to take the dog for a long weekend walk I often take a stroll down Jefferson to the Village Coffee.  This place is always very chill inside, and they make a decent drink. I often get an iced drink, so on the occasions that I get a hot drink, and they put the chocolate covered coffee bean on top, it confuses me.  I look at my drink and think... why is the coffee bubbling out of the lid like that... then I touch it and figure out that it is solid.  What a yummy surprise!
I like the relaxed atmosphere and the little "extras" they put into their product.  I like that they have latte's of the week that are created by the baristas.  I also like that they have self-serve water on the bar.  The little extras give me the feeling that they are trying to do something a little different for their customers, and I like that.The coffee wasn't bad at all, but i think the best part about this place is the upstairs area, which is a quiet room for studying/reading. There are powerpoints by every table up there, so you can take a coffee and food up and study or read in peace and quiet for hours. 
The staff were also really friendly here - my girlfriend asked for a gingerbread latte but they had run out of gingerbread syrup, so they offered her an alternative based on what they had left. 
They also give you a free little chocolate egg with your coffee. 
This place is great for students who need to get out of their room and want a good cup of coffee while studying.The coffee here wasn't that bad. The food on the other hand wasn't very good. My biggest complaint, NO FREE WI-FI!!!!!! Come on this is a coffee shop for christ sakes! You actually have to buy something and use a number off of your receipt in order to use the wi-fi. That is one of the reasons why I didn't ever frequent this place that often even though I used to live right next door. I will admit that they kept this place pretty clean though.The staff is very welcoming and accommodating. Great place to get work done upstairs or if you need to have a meeting, they have a nice quiet room upstairs. Also enjoy any of their salads or sandwiches for lunch.I absolutely love this place. Unlike Starbucks it is not as packed, which I guess isn't good for business, BUT it is great for people like me who go to cafes to do work. They offer a huge variety of drink and food options and are overall relatively cheap compared some other coffee chains. They have a quiet study area upstairs, but the downstairs area is nice place to study as well if you like some background noise. I usually get their cold brew iced coffee as it is cheap. As a vegan, I appreciate the variety of plant based milk options like soy, almond, and rice milk. Compared to places like Starbucks, it is not as "trendy" or attractive looking but overall has a good interior. I don't know if this is important to anyone else, but I really like the bathrooms though! They have a gender-neutral bathroom on the second floor and male and female separated bathrooms on the first.I really like this place.  One, the coffee is expensive but fantastic.  Two, the iced tea refills are unlimited.  Three, their soups and chicken salad sandwiches are delicious.  And four, as a student, this place will let me stay forever without bothering me.  Those three hour internet tickets?  You can get as many as you want without buying anything else, just be nice to the lovely baristas when you ask!  I've never ever had a problem.
Yes, it looks a little corporate on the inside.  Yes, they recently implemented a key system for the bathroom, but the bathroom is also much less messy now.  But as far a coffee shops go, especially from a student POV, Village is quality.I have been to Village coffee a total of 4 or maybe 5 times. I have purchased both the food and coffee they have. The coffee is okay, not anything great. The food however is overpriced and not good at all. The last I prefer from there was a bagel with lox which I asked for regular cream cheese instead of dill cream cheese. That costed me $9.17. The bagel was not an everything which I had asked for and it came with dill cream cheese. I did not complain to them I just think I will not ever go back. humble Bagel is right down the block with MUCH better coffee and better service.Decent cup of coffee, good service and I love the little outdoor seating section. It's completely in the shade in the morning which is so nice. Great location too.If you need a coffee, and this is the closest place, it's okay.  Be aware that if you want a real espresso drink, say an espresso macchiato, they will try to give you the Starbucks type of ridiculous drink rather than an espresso with a touch of milk.  
I really want to support my local business, but this place feels like it's trying too hard to be a corporate coffee shop.  Also, the ambiance is too quiet - I'm of the mentality that coffee shops are for socializing.  Here, I feel like I'm breaking some taboo on silence for all the people studying if I try to have a conversation with a friend.I have been thrilled with my experiences here. Beautiful, clean building. Very helpful and friendly staff. Excellent marble mocha! No complaints here! Highly recommended. And how cute that they put a chocolate covered espresso bean on your cup :)This is one of my favorite places to stop and get coffee, their iced mocha is to die for, especially their 24oz. Great for lunch, especially their chicken salad!They are extremely overpriced, the portions are truly pathetic for what you pay, and there seems to be no room on the menu for people who don't want sausage with their eggs. Oh, but when they do go out of their way to remove the sausage from the egg sandwich, they refuse to offer even the slightest discount.I'm not where all the hate for "corporate coffee" or "20-somethings studying" is coming from. Yes, there are plenty of young adults studying there, as there is ample seating and free wi-fi. I happen to be one of those people, given that Village Coffee is just blocks from the law school and sometimes I need a change of scenery. They have an outside patio, and plenty of indoor seating with plugs for your laptop. The seating is much better than the CC's on Jefferson & Magazine, as it's usually less crowded. I've never had any problems with the wi-fi being slow. The staff is also very nice, and I the proprietor is frequently behind the counter or greeting guests. If you're looking for a decent cup of coffee or a place to study in Uptown, this is it. 
Drinks [4/5]: As for the coffee, I am a big fan of their flavored iced coffee selections. Hazenut, Vanilla, and Chocolate Raspberry are all delicious and calorie-free, as the flavor isn't added by syrup. However, if you do like syrup added to your coffee, the Coconut is pretty delicious. Their flavors of hot and iced coffee change pretty frequently, so there's always something new to try.  The lattes are above par, however, I really dislike the mocha. It's made with Hershey's syrup, and sickeningly sweet. 
Food [4/5]: I feel like the pastries are pretty hit-or-miss. The scones are a tad too dry for my taste, but the breads are always moist and delicious. Occasionally there are a couple of vegan options. The bagels are decent, but definitely better than the bagels at Sbux, CC's, or PJ's.I have spent the majority of my first 1.5 years of law school here.  However, the internet has become so slow and unreliable, I have stayed away since January.  Once Village updates their router, I will be back 3-5 times a week like before; for now, I give a word of warning to all other students looking for a good workplace.  Sadface.This place is just weird. I've been here several times because it's conveniently located on Freret Street near the Tulane campus, on the way to shops and restaurants that I frequent. It always seems like it's going to be a good idea to stop in for an iced coffee or a snack, but it almost always disappoints in some way.
Though the building seems huge, there is actually a lack of good seating indoors. Most seats are awkwardly located, with tables too close together, and some "bar" seating that is really uncomfortable and poorly designed. The staff is friendly but inefficient, with no apparent system for keeping drink orders straight. Twice I've witnessed total confusion as customers ended up taking each others beverages because the baristas fail to clearly delineate which drink goes with which customer's order.
There is absolutely no sense of community here, which is what a neighborhood coffee shop should be about. You'll have to go to Hey Cafe or Fair Grinds if you're looking for friendly faces and conversation.
Several times I've ordered an iced coffee with hazelnut and soy, which seems like a fairly simple order, especially in a world with upside-down macchiato frappucino half-caf skinny Splenda latte smoothies or whatever. Still, even though my drink is simple, the results at Village Coffee are wildly inconsistent. Sometimes they have given me hazelnut-flavored coffee on ice, rather than regular (unflavored) iced coffee with hazelnut syrup, which is what I asked for. I was starving one day so I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich. It was disappointing, especially for how much it cost. The pastries are nothing special.
I'll probably end up going to Village Coffee again, just because it is in such a great location, and when you need coffee, you need coffee. But I really wish it was better.An all-around solid local coffee shop with sandwiches and salads using fresh ingredients; bagels all day; super friendly baristas; and a decent selection of coffees and teas. The vibe in here is more polished than funky, but it's in a very funky up-and-coming neighborhood, so that kind of makes up for the rather impersonal feel to the place. I have a love-hate relationship with the 80s soundtrack from the speakers. There's also a nice outside patio.
I have to address another review on here: the Wi-Fi IS free; I'm using it now. It's a good place to study or work as there are many electrical outlets scattered around the place, encouraging laptop use.I don't get the negative reviews for this place. If you don't like being around 18-22 year old students then, um, don't live in the University area. To those complaining that the shop felt too "corporate", well, I'll give you that it's no Z'otz or Rue. I don't think that it's trying too hard to be ~indie~ anyway, so that's really a moot point. It is always clean and organized, never too loud or too quiet, and has a great variety of food and drinks (coffee-based and non-coffee based). 
It's definitely expensive, but I'd expect those prices from any locally owned coffee place. Granted, I've had limited experience with their products but the stuff I have gotten has been delicious every time (and they humor my weird cravings-bagel with avo, cream cheese, and lox, yummm). The baristas are courteous and ask all of the right questions.
I consider myself a pretty big coffee snob, and while I wasn't expecting their coffee to blow my mind, that french vanilla iced coffee is pretty damn yummy.
I look forward to becoming a regular at this place, since it's convenient to my new house.Stopped in here because of the great location and because of the hysterical review on Yelp about the owner (whoever you are, your review only made me want to come here).  Pretty average coffee shop.  Average coffee, average prices, average looking muffins and coffee shop food items.  It has a parking lot and easy to get to so I'm sure I'll be back.I love Village Coffee!  I've been a customer there for years, and now that they changed their internet system (finally!) I have no complaints.  I love having the quiet area as an option, though downstairs is often more fun for people-watching.
I usually come for the coffee.  The staff has always treated me very well.  I don't love the food/pastry selections, but since I'm usually there for the beverages anyway that doesn't really bother me.Great for studying! Paid customer only quiet seating area upstairs, pleasant atmosphere all around. Great menu options and a wide variety for being a coffee shop. Right near the Freret/University area. Coffee of the day was fresh in the mid afternoon and the bagels were soft and fresh with delicious cream cheese options. The wife and I will definitely be back for more! 
Beware of the Jefferson and Freret construction, but fear not, they are still open and ready for business. Parking options available all around.I've recently discovered this place and have deemed it as my new study spot. The 5 stars are for the actual venue itself. I love the upstairs quiet area! I generally don't like to study in coffee shops because they're so noisy, but the quiet area gives me a chance to study somewhere other than the library. 
The staff is super nice and friendly, which is always appreciated. The coffee and food themselves are nothing to write home about. Some other Yelpers have said that this place is sterile and very franchise-like, but that is precisely why I love it. I don't particularly like coffee houses with a lot of character/charm since I usually just spend the entire time wondering why the tables and chairs don't match. The sandwiches are really good, but the pastries and coffee are mediocre. 
Parking is great in this area, and there's always a few spaces available in the designated Village Coffee parking lot. I mainly come here on weekends and it usually isn't too difficult to find a table. Wifi is relatively reliable. You'll probably want to bring a jacket since the AC is kept pretty high.Suzanne greets you by name and always manages to make your day brighter. Village really takes care of its regulars!Love this place!!! I live in CA and I think of and crave this place all of the time. Such an awesome treat to be here.Nice staff, have been happy to customize their menu to accommodate my restrictions,  and have both good indoor and outdoor seating.  Best part is the silent  study room but get there early if you want to use it because it fills up quickly.I'm a big fan of the bushwhacker drink they have. It's coconut, chocolate-y goodness. There might be banana in it, I don't know. You can get it frozen or on ice and it is a treat.
The place is always full of Tulane and Loyola students who act like they own the place. It's only a few blocks from campus so it's within walking distance if they want to "get off campus." VC accepts Tulane NOLA bucks which also attracts students. They're studying, talking and looking at people who order coffee.  
The lot next door has about 10 parking spaces. It's a bit tight when big trucks park there or someone doesn't park within the lines, but I've never had to walk far from where I've parked.
I'm not a huge fan of the latte, but you can't go wrong with a black coffee (if you like it that way), a cafe au lait or ice coffee with lots of milk.  VC has an assortment of breakfast cakes and bagels (not the best bagels) as well as some lunch stufff (sandwiches and soup/salad I believe).I don't drink coffee. I go here to do work and eat at least subpar food. What a coffee shop cannot do is have shitty internet. About 6 months ago the internet was so terrible I left in frustration. I came back recently and the problem is the same -- I spent 25 minutes trying to restart/shut down my computer and see if it would work but to no avail. This is simply unacceptable, pay for internet how hard is it?Village Coffee is my favorite coffee shop! Great service, great food, great music. It's always clean and they have a ton of options to pick from. It's also a great study spot--there is a lot of table space with a lot of electricity wall plug-Ins so you never have to worry about not getting your laptop charged. My favorite breakfast item is the avocado breakfast bagel and white satin latte. Definitely come by if you're in the area!The generic clip art logo says it all... A standard coffee shop that is clearly more concerned with being taking advantage of by their customers than creating a great coffee experience. 
Each customer receives an individual internet password with their purchase, a completely unneccessary and distrustful process. (How often does someone sit in a coffee shop for an extended period of time without buying anything?!) Then a 3 hour ticker sits in the corner of your computer screen while you use the internet.  Another rule, there is a large red sign that reads: No public restrooms. Confusing and unneccessary. There are barely any electrical outlets for labtops and all sorts of beeps and sounds seemed to go off while my team was working on a project. 
I would return if only to sit outside. Otherwise, no community or culture to the place. And way too much of a process. Customers PAY a priemium on their cup of coffee to have a hassle-free environment in which to do their work and use the internet. Rue for atmosphere and CCs/PJs to get the job done. This place does neither.I went here one morning when I had to teach at a school nearby for a program that i'm in. I had an egg sandwich and a mint tea. The sandwhich was good, the tea was drinkable, and the upstairs room was nice and quiet while I studied. The bathroom was decently clean.
Employees, on the other hand, not so great. I had never been there before, and they looked at me like I was crazy when I asked for a bagel sandwich (which was on their menu online). They also looked at me like I was crazy when I asked if I needed to wait or if they would bring it to me. After they said they would bring it to me, I heard them screaming after me that my beverage was ready while I was walking to the restroom. Rude much? Plus, I'm not bringing that awkwardly shaped mug into the restroom with me while you can see I already have a purse and laptop bag to find a not-so-disgusting place to put while I use the restroom. I won't be back, but it is a quiet place to go if you need a place uptown.I feel like Village Coffee is Mojo's clean-cut coffee twin. Two radically different places, two radically different vibes. Where I'm the most comfortable depends, I suppose, on the day. 
I don't drink coffee (because coffee doesn't love me like that--boo hoo!) so I officially have no opinion on the coffee beverages here. I do know that the tea selection left me cold. Bo-ring. They have a nice collection of non-coffee beverages, including a seductive pink fizzy thing called nectar soda! There is also a chocolate-vanilla-oreo cookie blend thing that's tasty and nice, if spendy at $4 for a small! 
My wife reports the pastries are nice. The three bites of peanut butter brownie that she let me have were just fab, so I'd love to try more. I probably should have fought a fork duel with her (insert your own lightsaber noises, please) for more brownie, but marriage is a series of compromises. 
There are outlets everywhere, but I'm not a public computer fan. I'm an old-fashioned sort of public user, with a book or newspaper tucked under my arm. Because everyone brings their laptops and notes here to study, I get scads of dirty looks for having conversations or even making a bit of noise. No, thanks. The music in the place is so loud that you'd think serious students would just bring their headphones instead of glaring at me. Snobs. 
Around 3p on school days, a crowd of Lusher students crashes into the place for smoothies and the occasional cuppa. Be warned. (Truth be told, high school students are loud; but they're more polite than the Tulane students who camp out here.) 
Accessibility notes: Ramp ends at an odd angle. Door opens out. No Braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak hours. Accessible restrooms. No elevator to the second floor. Low counter.A middle of the road suburbun coffee shop in the center of upper-crusty uptown New Orleans.  It makes sense though, I can't really fault them for picking a great location and catering to their customers.  Indoors and out, Village Coffee is filled to the brim with twenty-year-olds.  They're students, or people pretending to be students, though, I don't know when these kids actually go to school because they always seem to be here on their laptops instead.  There are mothers with children as well.  Acutally, just think of the crowd here as Starbucks meets Panera.  Not sure if they play classical music.
It's a chain and you know it.  I almost feel sorry for smaller chain coffee shops that try so hard to be uniform yet hip and emulate Starbucks like it's the holy grail of coffee shops.  Just like Starbucks, the coffee is a little overpriced, the frozen and specialty drinks are really overpriced, and the sandwiches and deserts are almost ridiculously priced.  They might be good, but come on folks!  You're paying $7.50 for a dinky sandwich in a coffeeshop.  Really, it's $4 for the sandwich and $3.50 for the "atmosphere." 
Anyways, I got a large americano and everything bagel, which ran me $4.57.  The americano was good, very smooth.  Not as good as a PJ's triple espresso americano, but I liked it.  My bagel, a lowly "everything" bagel, boasted about 5 seeds total.  If you consider it a plain bagel, it was decent, or just rather unremarkable and slightly overpriced at $2 with the cream cheese.
Overall, you know what you're getting with Village Coffee, which is somewhat unusual in this city, and that can be a good thing or a bad thing.Great place!! Love to come here to do some work on the laptop or study. The staff are awesome and really friendly. 
I usually just go for the regular coffee and it is FREE refills.
Also, On certain days they have all their cakes and pastries for sale for $2! 
Great uptown coffee shop.
Ps will Farrell and Kevin hart have been here! So it must be cool rightJust over a month ago, I delivered a somewhat scathing review of this coffee shop. I gave it two stars, citing only the ample outdoor seating and modern decor as pros. I whined about some things that, really, only apply to the serious coffee drinker. 
But I have to re-assess. The coffee IS good. Their service is exceptional, as they are never under-staffed and have an efficient system for taking orders from customers waiting in line. They got it right by having a number of baristas actually brewing your coffee and a single person at the register. Starbucks, for some reason, will have two registers open, and only one barista brewing/pouring, which bottlenecks the line even worse, even after you've paid.
Parking is close and ample, thanks to their private lot and being located on a corner that offers street parking in four directions, both ways.
At this point, there is only one flaw-- and it is a bit serious, given that I "work from home", aka, from the local coffee shop. For $30/week in coffee and possibly another $20 or so in the occasional lunch each week, I have high expectations in this area.
Village Coffee, the only thing preventing me from granting you a full five stars is the very slow internet connection you provide. It's easy to tell that you've skimped on this. While I have a "full signal" from your wifi router, connection lags, spurts and sputters throughout the day. It's obviously (painfully) worse at your busy times.
UPGRADE your internet service plan AND invest in a commercial-use wireless router. The D-link we use at home is not designed for the traffic you'd expect at a coffee shop.
As a business owner, I can tell you right away that even your coffee could be subpar, but if the internet is brisk, and always brisk, the nerds will unite and flock to you. You'll instantly see a return on your investment. You will have MORE regulars and local patrons, whose business you can count on year-round. FACT.Stopped in to grab a bite and found a selection of mostly sweet items like cookies and parfaits. There were a few bagels and muffins but I wanted some protein for the fetus. So I opted for the only protein that I saw, a lone bacon, egg, and cheese croissant. I brought the croissant back to my office, opened it up and realized there was nothing inside. I had just spent $3 for some buttery carbs. Luckily, my coworker was going for a breakfast run which NEVER happens, but in this case I scored. 
A few weeks later I made it back to Village Coffee and was like, "Yo, what's up with the missing protein? Give me a free one to make up for it." They did except that they still didn't have bacon and egg. All they had was a spinach and cheese croissant. I went with that and found it tasty. 
I wouldn't recommend this place for real breakfast or protein, but if you need a muffin or cookie, they got you.I was the most productive I ever was at Village Coffee. I got the medium roast of the day, which was really amazing and aromatic. I also got the chocolate cake, that was just alright. The staff forgot to give me my coffee and cake; it was left behind the counter, but otherwise the service is friendly/good. 
Great wifi strength, decent upbeat-but-not-overbearing music, lots of tables for studying. There's also a quiet study room upstairs.Solid coffee shop but nothing particularly special. I wouldn't consider myself a coffee connoisseur but I think it's decent coffee. Nice little patio looking over the Jefferson and freret intersection with umbrellas if it's too sunny. Solid upstairs study space with plenty of outlets although with med students and undergrads, it fills up pretty quickly. With a nod to those of us who camp out to work, they have a decent menu of breakfast and lunch items although it's probably not worth making the trip just for food. Baristas are friendly enough and, more importantly when it comes to coffee, efficient. As a bonus, their espresso drinks come with a chocolate covered espresso bean!I really thought that since I moved across the street that I would frequent this place a lot more than I currently do. I like the coffee, the food selection and the people. I like that they have lots of plugs for your laptop all over the place. The outdoor seating is nice too. 
I cannot stand the internet. It is SLOW. You need to get a code from the counter for the internet that can be used for 3 hours. I'm sure you can go back up there to get a new code. But I never wanted to because the internet was so slow. 
so now, I only come here, when i want to get out of the house, and just read, and have no need for internet.Good coffee. Good pastries. Great service. Village Coffee is a solid coffee shop in the right location. I've got only one complaint.
Has anyone noticed the size of the bathroom sink? Anyone? My god! It's big enough for one hand, tops! And I have hands that are probably on the smaller end of the bell curve for a man's hands. They're not petite, but they certainly aren't unusually BIG. It's a normal sized bathroom -- maybe even a little bigger than normal for a coffee shop. (Yes, you also do have to request a key from the counter, and that's not my favorite because it always makes feel a little bit like I'm in a county jailhouse somewhere and I have to get permission from the guards to use the toilet, but whatever, it's not really a big deal. They're always nice about the key and seem a little bit embarrassed too, which I honestly appreciate.) 
Normal toilet, normal mirror, normal towel dispenser, but the sink is literally one quart capacity. Maximum. I am pretty sure that if I bought and dumped out the largest drink Village Coffee has to offer, it would overflow the sink. Take a look and YOU BE THE JUDGE: http://imgur.com/L24R7Updated review (6/29/15):
Village has changed their hours and will close at 6PM for the remainder of the Summer. Additionally, I mentioned I was a student (normally they give a discount) and the reply from the barista was, "Uh... Congrats?" I mentioned the student discount and he asked a manager about it, who then said they no longer honored it. For the record, their discount still shows up on the college discounts app. If Village Coffee fixes their lame hours and starts giving the student discount again (in addition to telling their baristas to avoid being snarky with regular customers) I will return this back to a four star review. Until then, bean gallery, mojo, or CC's will get my business. 
Old review:
Great study spot. The upstairs quiet area is nice but often crowded. The coffee is good and the baristas are friendly. My biggest gripe has been with their internet, which has cut out on me several times while there (like, multiple times an hour) to the point where one of my friends who was studying with me decided to leave.I got the MOCHA GRANITA medium (~$5), which was perfect for a hot summer afternoon in Nola. Their granita definitely tastes more concentrated / more flavorful than the ones I get at PJs Coffee. Great coffee and study space as usual.
Get the rewards card! You'll get a point for every dollar you spend at Village, and $10 for every 100 points.My new go to coffee spot for this month! Food, good coffee, and a lot of seatings/tables. I like to come here a lot though because it serves food and its spacious. There is a 2nd floor totally just for studying/quiet area which is great. They also let you rent out a meeting room if you ever need to have private conferences which is pretty cool. 
Overall I love this place, it's not cramped like most local coffee houses uptown and there are a lot of options on the menu ranging from sandwiches, salads, and coffee. Good portion sizes too for the food!Village Coffee is my favorite coffee shop in New Orleans. The upstairs is the perfect place to study in silence or get some work done, and the downstairs/outdoor seating is great for meetings. Early bird specials are great, and they give you a chocolate-covered espresso bean with every coffee. The Granitas is really tasty on a hot day, and their iced coffee is always on point. The baristas are hard-working and pleasant, and when they have a free second they're happy to stop and talk with you. The loyalty program is clutch, I've gotten lots of free coffees here. Awesome, awesome place. I love you Village Coffee!I'd rate this place a zero if I could. I was here not that long ago and was sorely disappointed in how you can screw up simple coffee BUT what really offended me the most was that when I was there a gentleman was asking to post a flyer for a cabaret and the owner I believe came out screaming homophobic slurs and carrying on about being conservative and proceeded to tear into this poor guy. I was not only appalled at how atrocious her behavior was and the ignorance she was spouting as she was tearing down flyers. Needless to say I will NEVER return to this homophobic and disrespectful place... 
The service and seating sucks, the product is NEVER done correctly and with a CC's around the corner I'd rather spend my hard earned money elsewhere and not be offended by bigotry.WORST COFFEE SHOP UPTOWN
- maybe in the city...and I drink a lot of coffee!  
WHY IT SUCKS:
Wait staff professionalism and friendliness: SUCKS!
Dry flavorless ham & cheese croissant: SUCKS!
No refills on mediocre iced coffee: SUCKS!
The space and location are awesome, but negative passive-aggressive signage aimed to keep schoolies out would have Anthony Melchiorri sneering: SUCKS!
WAY BETTER NEARBY OPTIONS: 
"CC's" and they have free refills, "New Orleans Coffee and Beignets" and they have free refills, "Toast" and they have free refills, "PJs" at Tulane, "Hey Café"...brew up some CDM and eata chiquita...