First time here! Just down the street from my home, which is convenient. Online doesn't mention alcohol options; however, they do have a small selection. Hashbrown breakfast bowl is pretty damn good. Fair prices and polite staff. I think I found my new breakfast place!Friends and I visited this place while visiting in New Orleans and the food was super yummy, the service was excellent. They were very friendly, generous, and informative about the city. We did have a few mishaps such as our food being bought out late, and the sausage not being cooked thoroughly. However, the manager took care of us with no complaints. I tried the gravy train with biscuits and they were so yummy. Sweet and fluffy. Although the food didn't come out the way we intended, I would still visit this place again solely due to the yummy food and exceptional costumer service.Great food for a quick breakfast. The place isn't that big so large parties aren't the best here. They did accommodate our party of 7 but they aren't set up for it. Food was nicely priced and very good.Order the chronic croissant and it was burnt,  hash brown too, the other things ordered was the avocado bowl and burrito and the group I was in said it was good I didn't try itI had the breakfast bowl with half grits half hasbrowns and it was excellent!!! A ton of cheddar cheese on it too. I would definitely recommend. I will be back! Not to mention the prices are very cheap. Great food!The food was delicious, perfectly seasoned and the service was great. The restaurant serves freshly squeezed orange juice and the coffee was eye opening. The atmosphere was relaxed and the decor was trendy. I will definitely visit again.Had a great breakfast here.  Wonderful service and really good coffee!  We will definitely be back next trip to New Orleans.Was delicious, i had the breakfast bowl.. nice atmosphere and art, the waitress was polite and the food came out pretty quick.  Overall was good breakfast experience while I happens to be in the area, I will definitely be back soonThis is our frist time here in New Orleans and wanted a good breakfast before we leave. Taja G. Was our server and she was attentive, wonderful, and just awesome! The food here was wonderful! Came out HOT and I mean that good hot when u can see the beautiful steam came from ur eggs and biscuits! Just great!This place is awesomeee!! The food is really good and I loved how fresh everything was! Definitely recommend the fresh squeezed orange juice! Our server Tierney was extremely personable and knowledgeable. Highly recommended!This place is so wonderful! I love the atmosphere and the waiting staff is fantastic. The food is delicious with prices that won't make you feel guilty for eating there every weekend.
Highly recommend!Had to line up outside even though it wasn't that busy. Took some time to get in the place even with open tables. When we got seated it took for ever for the waitress to eventually come to the table. These are the worst Hash Browns I have ever tasted. Some of the order was forgotten and had to be taken off the check at the end.
Really nothing special!Gravy train is AMAZING! Sat at the bar and had excellent service. Super good and our waiter was fast and very friendly.Great breakfast place! Breakfast bowl was great! Service was great, too! Pancakes and grits were delicious, too!A let down after the predecessors in this location.  Easily the worst hash browns I have ever seen (not eaten).  Basically cardboard soaked in oil.  Any semblance to potatoes long lost.  Waiters were pleasant but could not remember the order after writing it down?   Really?   and for a place with bacon in the name, the bacon was not the best.  Wait till they go under and the next place opens.The great folks who make this place run are all wonderfully warm and welcoming.  The OJ is some of the best I've had- reminds me of the fresh OJ shops along the highways of Florida... the ones with the pecan logs.
Anyway, build your own breakfast sandwich- Honey biscuit, fried egg, avocado, and brie (but ask them to not grill the honey biscuit).  I call it the Leia Organa :PCoffee was good.  Service was friendly.  Then came the important part...  The food.
Bad, really really bad.
The eggs were edible, and were the best part of a very substandard meal.
The bacon was limp, greasy and cold, and the hash brown were down right foul.  They were soggy and mushy, did not taste like potatoes at all, I don't know what they tasted like.  One bite and I had to spit it out.  Tasted gross.  Inedible.
With other breakfast options out there, that will be were I venture to next.Delicious food, super friendly service. My kid is beyond picky & he loved it. Definitely coming back.Thank you for making my week long stay at Touro hospital while having a baby bearable. Your breakfast is delicious and fresh! I am not sure what I would of done if I had to eat the hospital "food" every morning :)What a perfect local feel and great place to have a home style breakfast. I'm posting this months after eating there but thinking about my next visit to New Orleans definitely includes breakfast at Wakin' Bakin 'Thank you Postmates! Some days you want food but also don't feel like leaving your hotel room. The food was all reasonably priced. The cheese and egg burrito hit the spot! I normally don't like salsa, but this tasted homemade and light, so it was a perfect addition. The pancrepes are more like pancakes. I wouldn't call them thin at all. Their bacon is very tasty. I had it added to my burrito and a few slices came in the Boxed Breakfast. The baby munched on it before she was over with the task of eating.Fantastic!  We found this place on our last day in New Orleans and regretted we didn't find it sooner. Great service and amazing food.  Very reasonable prices.Pretty good! I recommend the Breakfast Bowl with black beans. What stood out the most was the great service. Nice short walk from the St Charles streetcar. A/C inside felt great on a hot summer morning.Breakfast at 10:30am on a Tuesday was meh. The biscuit, the hash browns were not hot, the hashbrown was greasy. The salt shakers were all plugged up so I couldn't really doctor the flavorless eggs over easy. Disappointed. There are better places to eat. Maybe they are better during a busy time of the day. Waitress was very pleasant.This place is new to our neighborhood and we decided to give it a try.  Well, we did, but I doubt we will go back.  It is really just breakfast, but the menu is strange.  You have to do all sorts of additions to actually get the meal that you want, so I went with something standard.  We each ordered the boxed breakfast of two eggs, 4 strips of bacon, a biscuit with preserves, and we each got a side of fruit.  Eggs and bacon were okay, although if that was two scrambled eggs those were from a very small chicken.  The biscuit was not a biscuit at all - it wasn't rolled and had sugar in it, which real biscuits do not.  It really tasted more like a scone and had that consistency as well.  The "preserves" were just mashed up fruit - not at all sweet.  No butter on the table - you had to ask for it.  They just did not have what I would expect from a good breakfast site.  I will say the wait staff was excellent.  Now if the food will follow suite they will be alright, but if not...We went to get breakfast after church on Sunday.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  We got 4 different meals and all were good and very well priced.  The pancakes were nice and thin as expected.  Just right and not too filling.  
We will be back as everything was good.Dimitrius is the best!  He's always warm and friendly and pays attention to small details like beaucoups napkins..Maybe we just got unlucky but the service was horrible! We arrived at 11am w/ a reservation and they have our table away to a family who showed up right ahead of us... OK, not ideal but 5 min later they got us a table. We sat for 20 min waiting for a waitress to even come up to us. I gave up and stopped the hostess to complain. She took our order. We waited forever for the food which was finally served at 11:55. The other people who took our table had already finished eating and were leaving as they served our food... It's now 12:25pm and there's no sign of anyone to give us our check. The food was good so they get 2 stars. Disappointing experience.Wakin' Bakin' is a fantastic little breakfast joint. It is a smaller place, with beautiful, local art for sale on the walls. My girlfriend and I came in on a whim one day when we were on this side of town, and now, we can't stay away! The prices are unbeatable. We both ordered full meals, two drinks each, and sides, and it came out to $18.74. The food is delicious. I highly recommend the Breakfast Bowl with grits! Taja might possibly be one of the sweetest women in the city. Very conversational, and kind. Please, if you love breakfast, and saving money, come here. Now.great location, and great simple breakfast food.    Something for everyone here, as you can do healthy, or rich.    I've eaten here a few times now, and I have had the burrito, yummy, and I have had a breakfast bowl.   That was really lovely and not too filling.   Grits with eggs and bacon debris.   you can add even more to this dish.
great art on walls, friendly server, and entire front of the house and back of the house say hello, nod, and make sure you walk away happy.    this seems to be my go to now when I go to physical therapy nearby.
AND they serve booze.I feel like I have been at this location for a long time. It has had many different names, but what I always expect is a great breakfast spot that is always packed in the morning.
I have been to the Banks street location and even wrote a review for that place. I am just as happy with this location as I was with the original. The hashbrowns were amazing! Next time I am putting some cheese on those bad boys. The Big John sandwich was great as well. The biscuit was soo fresh, I had to eat it quickly before it fell apart! 
Hopefully Wakin Bakin stays in this location. All I have to do is just walk on over and enjoy breakfast!It was really tasty. Nobody was really there on a Tuesday morning so it was relaxed. My breakfast was.. refreshing lol. Fruit cups are always a hit or miss in diners but this one was fresh and all the fruit was really good. The avocado toast was exactly what I wanted. Again, the avocado was obviously fresh. I'm used to mushy browning cados where I'm from lol. Anyways I think I left my glasses there and they closed 10 minutes ago so I guess I'll be back tomorrow too lolllllllllAbsolutely enjoyed the breakfast bowl with grits!!!  This place has a fun atmosphere.  Great team makes you feel really welcome.  All day Bloody Mary Saturday's for 5 bucks was a welcome sign after a crazy Friday night.  Strong recommendation!!!Loved the food and mimosas. The server was fun and didn't take very long for the food to come out. Also the OJ is freshly squeezed!  Soooo goodThis is great place for breakfast. A lot of different options and good portions. The make fresh orange juice that was really refreshing and delicious. My family and I really enjoyed our time there and definitely will be back. Our waitress Juicy was amazing and super down to earth, gave us recommendations and things to do around town.The BEST Breakfast delivery to Mid City! Breakfast bowl is the best!  The grits are cooked with cream, the eggs are always done properly.If you like Grits. You have to order the grits. Some of the best grits I've ever had. The BAT Pig was also delicious. Highly recommend checking this place out!Friday morning brunch was perfect with no wait. Was able to meet friends and each make late morning meetings in time. We picked here as I had orthodontic work done and was only able to eat soft foods. I got a breakfast bowl with creamy grits and was actually able to eat and enjoy the whole dish. Coffee was overpriced, but I've also paid a lot more for the amount and quality of food I received; definitely worth the dine.Great food, served quick, nice atmosphere. Omelet was perfectly cooked and food for me and my wife came one less that 5 minutes after orderingReally good breakfast place! Locals love it.  Not an extensive menu but lots of great options. Orange juice freshly squeezed!!!! Had the Breakfast Club, it was delicious. Staff is super friendly and helpful.Found this little gem while staying at the Hampton Inn 9m st Charles. Its a short walk to this location. When you arrive you will find great service and excellent food. We had breakfast here 3 days in a row. The biscuits were perfect and the potatoes hash had a delicious spicy seasoning. They were on the mark with COVID requirements which today is certainly on everyone's mind. Cant wait to come back to have breakfast at my new favorite place in NOLA.Grits are excellent.  Biscuits yum. Coffee delicious. Service friendly.  Would highly recommend stopping inI still miss the Blue Bird at this location... they had some hippie-ish egg dish that always set me right, but I am enjoying having Wakin Bakin in the neighborhood.  It's clean, affordable and quick!
They do have mimosas and the like if you want a boozy breakfast, but usually I'm in here and out pretty quickly. I am a fan of their biscuits so get those as an add on fsure. Last visit was just an OJ, scrambled eggs with swiss and a biscuit. Delicious and fast.
All the servers are friendly and efficient. Parking is on the street and don't neglect paying the meters!LOVE LOVE LOVE! 
My first week of working uptown I stumbled across them walking to work. While kinda being late and rushing in on my first day I got just the eggs scrambled not just one egg TWO and the homemade sourdough toast!  For around $4 a STEAL! 
Now later that week I kicked it up a notch I took a risk and ordered grits now and grits isn't something I typically get in restaurant because it's all about consistency! These grits though were AMAZING! They didn't need anything and I love to doctor up me some grits but nope wasn't needed this time. So with my grits and eggs and toast I got a great breakfast that kept me full a little after 1PM and I had breakfast around 7:30AM.Breakfast was so good and a great value for your money. Really filling stuff and my bill was a little over $8. Had the breakfast bowl with grits. Service was pleasant and the location was nice (even though I stepped in a rather deep hole in the sidewalk on my walk back and injured my wrist and shattered my phone ouch). Great coffee too.My partner and I were rushed out of here after receiving terrible service. Plates were left on the table and waiter was incredibly rude. I am severely disappointed in the homophobia I faced at this establishment. Our plates sat on our table for 30 minutes and the waiter called us snide things behind our backs.Good golly- the best biscuits and gravy I've had anywhere! The rest of the food was amazing- all very fresh and delicious. Service was great and the atmosphere is very chill. Don't know what else to say because everything was perfect. I can't wait to go back!After coming from the SF Bay Area to learn our cruise was cancelled we decided to stay the week. Came across the gem while walking. So impressed. The food was fabulous and a very friendly staff. The grits were out of bounds goodWe went because it is in our neighborhood and we like to support local merchants.  However, the food was just marginal and, honestly, over-priced.  It's hard to mess up breakfast.  I don't think we will be back.Really awesome breakfast spot. Well priced and really great service. I ordered the breakfast bowl with hashbrowns, mushrooms, and avocados. It was a perfect breakfast and their bowls are customizable from the base to the toppings and extra veggie toppings are only .75 cents.
The Bloody Mary was not the best but our waitress was amazing and understanding and allowed us to order another drink and we didn't have to pay for the Bloody Mary. I would definitely recommend this place as a casual breakfast/brunch spot with great prices and good drink dealsAfter our trip to the Zoo, I wanted to grab some breakfast. We end up here and were the only customer. Their seatings are all spaced out to keep up with the social distancing and hand sanitizer at the entrance for customers to use. I started out with coffee and had the Big John with a side of grits. Fresh Honey Butter Biscuit sandwiches with homemade sausage patty, a over easy egg, and melted sharp cheddar. I'm glad I got my egg over easy because their biscuit were dry. Beside the dry biscuit, I enjoyed my breakfast. I also order a side of grits but my waiter told me that it was packed with my togo order of the Patty Melt. The Patty Melt came with Dijon mustard, caramelized onions & melted Swiss cheese on homemade Sourdough and a side but I only got the grits that came with my breakfast. I drop off the Patty I'll Melt to my nephew and he really enjoyed it. The smell of the caramelized onions was so tempting for me to take a bite before I drop it off to him. I'm a little disappointed that since I were the only customer there, my order would came out correctly. I got a refill on my coffee but I were never asked how were my food. My waiter left my togo order in a warmer bag which I appreciate but after I paid my bill, he totally forgotten about it and I had to ask for it. I'll understand if they were busy and forgot about it but like I said, I were the only customer in there.This spot is easy to get to and always serves consistent breakfast items that are delicious and affordable.  The staff are friendly and very helpful in choosing menu items. We try to go there at least once a week on weekends.  I think you will really enjoy this hidden gem for simple food done well.Holy hell this place has some amazing food and makes accommodations. My father has a gluten allergy and they made sure to include nothing gluten in his meal, as well as accommodated my pork allergy. Great portions and the best server in all of Nola. Cozy feel with some good food absolutely recommend.First time here and didn't pick the ideal day. They had folks call off sick( Mardi Gras time) and were swamped. Dimitrie met us at the door and gave a prime table at the window. The line never stopped and the staff was scrambling. They all had smiles on their face and were very pleasant. We did have to wait for our food and coffee refills but was ok as we knew why. 
Had the Box'd Breakfast and was able to sub the bacon for ham. The biscuits are sweet and delicious as they are. Did not add butter or jelly. Hubby loved the grits. 
We will definitely go back.Wakin Bakin on Banks is always a must when I am in Mid City.   This location has the same spectacular food with the plus of table service and much more seating.  The guys and girls in the kitchen do a great job of being extremely consistent and have been for years!Oh this breakfast spot is awesome.  Great ambiance, perfect location, food is awesome and the service was great.  Had a great time with my friends Marcia and her beau Mike.  It's just an overall great spot to meet up with friends and eat and enjoy without all the noise and rush.While wandering through the French Quarter last night I stopped in the Absinthe House on Bourbon and was talking with Nancy, the awesome bartender and local who works there. Breakfast was the topic, as I was in the mood for some breakfast before I headed out of town today, and she sent me to this amazing place in Uptown.  It's small and unassuming and if you sneeze you may miss it as you pass by. I happened to be driving and parking was fairly easy right on the street in front. A very spacious dining area with an old school but yet modern vibe to it. My server Andre was fantastic and not only very welcoming but very informative about the menu that I must say was quite impressive. I decided to go with the barbecue shrimp and grits with homemade sourdough toast... Aside from a bit of Crystal hot sauce no salt or pepper or anything was needed as the flavor on this dish was absolutely off the charts! The Herb rub on the shrimp with the roue of the grits was perfection. I really can't say enough...I will without a doubt be back. 
PS they have booze and delightful ice coffee too !Friendly little hole in the wall feeling spot with healthy food and a committed kitchen and front of house team. Simple, straightforward kind of fare, well prepared. Bonus for outdoor seating and kindness to those without vax cards handy. Even though the avocado toast was off the menu there was a vegetarian option.This is our first time here and it was a 5 star experience! Alyssa was a very knowledgeable, courteous, polite and friendly server. I highly recommend the pancakes, bacon and smashed potatoes.  The coffee was also excellent.  We will be back!!This is an excellent spot for breakfast. It is tucked away in a neighborhood. The food was great and the service was excellent.Roomy and casual place. Tasty coffee. Some classics and some interesting originals.
Creamy grits are in fact really creamy.  Pancakes are homemade and syrup was above average for a restaurant. OG bowl was big and filling.  Yogurt and granola plentiful serving size and a good combo of creamy and crunchy. No complaints. 
Friendly and fast service. Will definitely return.We checked this place out as a family. It was small with very limited seating, probably about 20-25 max. I would absolutely recommend making reservations!! We made reservations for brunch and waited about 10 minutes while we waited for other parties to leave. 
The staff was very friendly and helpful. They were happy to answer any an all questions we had about the menu. They also checked on us several times through the course of the meal. 
The food was excellent! We all got something different, and tried each other's meals. I got the standard eggs and bacon. I was hungry and practically swallowed the plate whole. It was all tasty. 
The ambiance was also nice, some art on the wall, and lots of splashes of color. The music was nice too, fit the vibe of the place. 
We will absolutely be back!Great service, my first time eating grits 
And I can say I liked it. Better Bloody Mary 
Than the place we passed by in our way here. 
Overall 5 stars!!!I had the usual breakfast. It was meh. Limp bacon, dry biscuit, and the cajun potatoes weren't great.
When you see the inflatable bacon outside, keep driving.With the recent return to normalcy, trying to find great quality brunch in Downtown New Orleans is a struggle. It's understandable, with the tourist crush of people in the French Quarter that competition for a fine meal is just a daunting task. We decided to leave all that excitement and find some place a short car drive away. 
Well Wakin Bakin was our 2nd find this year, and so far the best yet. We found our way to the Prytania St. location. 
 It's located in a small neighborhood business district, near St. Charles Ave area. 
Street parking was easy, and finding this cafe was a fine adventure. 
We had great joy at making our breakfast menu selections, we each struggled to make a choice since many items sounded interesting. They have several selections in different categories with often a fun Cajun twist to the ingredients. 
On this day I greatly enjoyed the Superbowl (I'm draw to anything with jalapeños) and found it a flavorful selection. This will be one of our go to choices when visiting New Orleans and looking for brunch. 
The neighborhood piled in while we were there, filling all the available tables, and we could see the popularity of this local supported establishment. We noted later that this business as a couple other locations. It's certainly a great example of what's great about New Orleans brunch dining.Delish experiment, high quality ingredients put together in a fun way-friendly staff. Very pleased.So if you want a cool, different place to have breakfast, it's my favorite breakfast place I've found in a long time.  If you don't like long waits to be seated (due to popularity plus covid restrictions), go to IHOP and nothing wrong with that.  Just saying this place is different.
They make a lot of their own stuff from scratch there, is what I'm saying.  You are a guest there, so if you mind your manners and are nice, you'll have a good time.  If you're expecting the corporate chain servility from a major chain place, this is not for you.  It's more like you walked into their home to have a nice meal.
Ambiance is hip, so don't expect some kind of Pier 1 Imports conformity here.  They have a personality, and they show it.
I loved it.  The home made sausage, the perfect bacon, some of the best grits I've ever had (a dish that doesn't normally stand out on its own), home made sourdough toast, great breakfast potatoes, just fantastic.  Very reasonable prices for the quality they offer.
Hidden off to the side in Garden District area, not too far a walk from Magazine which is kind of the tourist promenade for the area, worth ambling over to but do call ahead or get reservations.Dear Jeanne (manager),
I wanted to try something new so, I chose your establishment. The host greeted me with a warm welcome and seated me outside. The waiter took my order for decaf coffee and promised to brew a fresh pot.  Here's where the story goes south, 15 minutes later I NEVER received my coffee nor did ANYONE come back to check on me or to take my order. Of course, I was upset and left. I walked a full block back to my car and then called to cancel my order and express my disappointment.  Chris offered to come talk to me about the incident which means they didn't even know that I'd left. Imagine that! Now, there were four tables of customers including me and I was THE ONLY black person both inside and out and you didn't notice that I left your establishment? Wow! Needless to say, I will not be returning to Wakin' Bakin'.  Happily I went to a tried and true Ruby Slipper and received SUPERB service. Maybe you can take your staff on a field trip to that establishment for training. They obviously could benefit from a hands on experience.Staff is awesome, everyone was so friendly and so fun! 
The restaurant itself has a weird ambience, almost feels like an old government building or something. It's dark and has a weird vibe. They need some more light and color...
$5 for 2 mimosas on Sundays is a great deal! 
Food was pretty good, I defiantly recommend the Cajun hash as a side and adding some cheddar cheese. Overall, I'd give the food a solid 4.5. I also like that the portions aren't huge compared to most of New Orleans... 
Scrambled eggs were cooked perfectly, not dry at all.I had the sourdough king and it was a great sandwich for breakfast. The coffee and the staff are amazing and my wife enjoyed her sourdough pancakes. I will be trying more items on their menu soon!The food is always delicious and the service is really good.  Nice brunch spot on Sundays.I was so looking forward to my breakfast, but sadly after getting the order wrong, giving me old milk for my coffee and when I asked for a new cup putting it in a dirty cup. When I asked what the black spots in my eggs where, I was told it was pre-seasoned, so I asked for unseasoned eggs, well the new eggs smelled like cleaning fluid. So disappointing.Great ambiance,  awesome food and service.  Just a quaint, unrushed and casual breakfast nook in the city..My friends and I went to Wakin Bakin in the French Quarters, and Wakin Bakin did not disappoint. The food was delicious. We all ordered different dishes, and every dish was fantastic. The restaurant decor was bright and fun, which matched the owner's personality. We had the pleasure of meeting the owner, and he was a hoot!  Congratulations on your new location, and I look forward to eating there again.  The toast is to die for!!!!!!Cool little hipster spot in the garden district. 
My wife and I hop on a trolley and tell the driver Go West young man! Actually, the trolley can only go west until it loops and heads east. 
We're going to meet our walking tour but left early to have breakfast. I did a Yelp search and found Wakin' Bacon close to the meet spot. 
We're seated and are given menus. I don't want anything too heavy so my breakfast selection is "The Usual" comes with eggs, bacon and a homemade biscuit with a side. I asked for my eggs over medium and they were scrambled. Not a big deal but I'm just passin' thru so I nod as I enjoy my beautifully baked home made biscuit. 
Nice spot to enjoy a good breakfastGreat spot for a simple breakfast. Coffee was hot. I had the pancakes with eggs over medium and bacon. Pancakes (3) were thin, light and sooooooo fluffy!! If you love pancakes, you will just die for them. 
In Covid-19 world, you can book reservation on Open Table. Masks are required upon entry and whenever you move with restaurant. They have three tables set up outside- 2 are under a tent. As you enter, there's hand sanitizer on the hostess stand on the left. The fans are blowing and the air is circulating at a good rate, but not uncomfortable to the patrons. The tables are spaced apart and you use your phone to read the menu. 
Our waitress was cute and sweet. Our coffees were never low and they have MEXICAN COKE! Great hangover cure. We even got Togo order and it was packaged very well. 
The only negative thing...the waitresses want to grab your mug to pour the coffee instead of leaving mug on table and just pour. It's dangerous to them cause they can burn their hand.We were very disappointed this morning upon arriving to the Prytania location only to be told we would need a reservation. 
We was not aware of this change as it is not noted anywhere on your site. The hostess explained they already had reservations for 2 6 top tables and it would be 60 to 90 minutes before we (a group of 3) could be seated. 
At this point we made the decision to enjoy our breakfast elsewhere. 
I'd like to understand why if reservations are "recommended " there were 2  4 top tables being utilized by one individual each, ad each appeared to be working on their computers. 
I've loved coming here but am now cautious to recommend this location.Breakfast with moms was dope. We both enjoyed some Earl Gray Tea while we waited for our food. I ordered the tofu breakfast bowl which was pretty tasty but my mom's bowl was AMAZING! She basically created her own bowl by ordering the burrito wo the actual wrap itself. The chef layered all the items that would've gone into the burrito so colorful & well plated. Even the server said he may try doing that one day just off the presentation. My mom's only wish was that the shrimp were deveined but other than that she had no complaints. Great service. Socially distanced. Good times with mom's. We both ate every bite.My few times dining at the new uptown location of this restaurant have always been pretty good. I have stopped by here both weekday morning and a occasional weekend and never had to wait. The staff has also always been friendly. The food is decent for breakfast food and their coffee is pretty good as well. Overall a place you can count on for a decent breakfast !Food was mediocre. Flavor was lacking. This would have been ok if I were at home throwing breakfast together but this is New Orleans where there are better options. 
Service was not great. They gave my food to someone else. 
On a positive note, the bathroom was clean.I loved this place for a quick & delicious, great priced breakfast that really hit the spot for me! I got the pancrepes & pork with bacon & eggs over medium - the eggs were done perfectly, the pancrepes were a lovely light texture, & we all know you can't go wrong with bacon ;) plus, their fresh orange juice is amazing!!! I will definitely go again.Favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans by far! Can't believe it took me so long to discover it! I love their pancrepes and sausage. The hashbrowns are awesome, too. Very eclectic, welcoming, and comforting inside. I'll be back regularly and might even get delivery once in a while.It's a solid breakfast place.  Sausage roll was very good.  The sausage itself was delicious.  The grits were only ok.Such great food loved the shrimp and grits. The biscuits and gravy were amazing and the avocado toast was deliciousThis is a small breakfast place but don't be fooled all their food is absolutely delicious! Prices are fair and everything is fresh made in their kitchen. You can eat inside or outside. I was with a party of 9 including kids and everyone enjoyed their dish and liked that you can customize your order. The staff was very helpful, their coffee hot or cold brew is great tasting.Thank you for an amazing breakfast before we head back to home to Los Angeles.
-biscuits and gravy Bomb
-special omelet of the day Bomb 
-pancrepes Amazing 
-avocado toast Amazing
-Shrimp and grits extra Amazing!Not a regular to breakfast circuit but went to gorge on carbs after running a race. Definitely did the job-pancrepes, monkey bread, sausage biscuit all top notch. Small place and took few to get served but as sign on wall correctly said "you can have any 2 but not all 3 of the following: good, fast, cheap" - and it was GOOD and relatively cheap. Fits the trend of small neighborhood local places that turn out high quality meals from scratch.I don't get it why so many good ratings for such a just ok place.Food is ok not by any means great.I guess most ppl who dont know how to cook might find it so great.Friendly, fun place. Very relaxed/casual which was nice. Grits were not my personal favorite, a little too creamy and fatty for me but I think a lot of people like that so maybe they would be your favorite type of grits.
Also, best orange juice ever. Definitely try the orange juice.My only complaint is that I wish this place was bigger lol. I've come here a few times wishing I could snag a seat and there was nada...maybe it's just my luck?? Anyway I haven't had anything on this menu I didn't enjoy. I love the fresh OJ and the fact the my coffee practically came in a soup bowl lol. The first time I came there was an issue with our order going to the wrong table the lady behind the counter was quick to rectify and sent a pastry to the table to hold us over and didn't charge for coffee. Great service Great food  and Great prices  
This place isn't fancy but it doesn't need to be it's consistently delicious food and that's honestly all that really mattersWe stopped in here on the way back to GA and really enjoyed the food. It was nice to sit outside and enjoy the weather. It was packed the entire time we were there, so be prepared to wait- that was the only downside. You go inside to order, then they bring the food out to you. Cold brew was delicious. The "BAT Pig" croissant sandwich was awesome. I had them put Swiss cheese instead of cheddar.It can get a little crowded . . . but that's the price of success, and succeed they do. I've visited several times, and no matter how busy it's been, I've gotten quick and friendly service, not to mention delicious food at a great price. I recommend the breakfast burrito, and add black beans and guacamole. Don't forget the baked goods, for something sweet!The black beans with the migas were hard and unseasoned. The migas were good. We also had the chorizo omelet which was excellent. The outdoor seating was very pleasant but there were lots of "flies in the ointment".Local casual, off the beaten path.
Not a bad meal, although the eggs were cold and grits a bit runny, over all 3 stars, was disappointed on this trip...Fresh, tasty, and unconventional.  
 This place is very inviting and from the mismatching coffee cups and Lana Del Rey music playing its a far cry from your corporate breakfast house, and the same can be said about the tasty food.  
 Everything taste like it came from my mothers kitchen, made fresh with some TLC.  
 The chances of me coming back are slim because I live over 2000 miles away but I would if I could.  This would be my regular hang out if I lived close enough.I have been to this cozy little restaurant on many occasions. One time, the kitchen almost caught on fire and the whole restaurant became smoked out. They had to bring one of the burning appliances from the kitchen outside. Another occasion, the AC broke on a hot summer day. But the food and price here makes up for it. They are well deserved a 5 star review. 
This is not a big restaurant. It's perfect for lunch or brunch. The staff are nice.We loved Wakin Bakin so much we cake two mornings in a row. The menu is small, but excellent. It has a super fun vibe and they carry local Kombucha, so I was stoked! Definitely will come back next time we're in NOLALOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE! Great for vegetarians. Any meat item can be substituted for a vegetable. The service was good and fast. I'm so happy I found this place.My husband and I had the chef special which ended up being a hot ham and swiss cheese sandwich on brioche topped with a creamy cheese sauce and a fried egg. DELICIOUS!All i can really say is yuck.  Stopped in for breakfast based on the reviews.  Im not sure where these 5 star reviews are coming from because it was horrible.  First, its way over priced for what you get.  We ordered the box'd breakfast.  Our over medium eggs werent cooked all the way, as they were super runny.  The bacon was greasy and chewy.  So greasy in fact that its been half an hour since we ate and there is still a sheen of grease in my mouth.   The hashbrowns were cold and almost inedible. And to think we waited almost half an hour for our plates of cold greasy grossness.  The very unfriendly girl at the counter with about as much personality as a beige crayon just plopped the food down and said we had a big delivery thats why you had to wait.  No apology or anything resembling customer service.  In addition, they charged $3 for a 16 oz plastic bottle of coke.  I dont mind paying $3 for a drink with refills but not for a bottle of coke they bought at walmart bc they dont have a contract.   This place sucks.   We will never go here again.   The only good part of the meal was the biscuit.Very generous staff. Breakfast was perfect, I had the Gravy Train (Biscuits and Gravy with eggs and bacon). Everything they had was made that day.Such a small little place with big personality. And a great breakfast bowl!  However there are some things I must warn you about.  The seating is first-come first serve, so start table hunting as soon as you walk through the door.  They do have outdoor seating, but I believe it's just four tables outside.  
I ordered the breakfast bowl without the beans and it was great!  The grits are so creamy, but I had to add salt (no biggie).  The breakfast bowl also has hashbrowns real bacon pieces and egg however you prefer.  I also ordered a couple coffee, however be aware that the coffee was really really light in color. Do not ordered a coffee if you are a true coffee drinker. My friend ordered the small plate which is a biscuit, choice of meat, one egg, and a small bowl of grits.  She also ordered the fresh orange juice, which is so good!  
I gave this place three stars because I thought the coffee could've been better.  I even said that the coffee is really light and it looks watery, and I feel as though they could have given me a different drink.  I also wasn't prepared for table hunting. I think they could do a lot better by taking out the one big table and replacing it with three smaller ones.Wait was really long for what we got. Orange juice was run through a veggie juicer which wasn't necessarily bad, but all of parts of the orange that would usually be filtered out added a strange taste. I ordered the breakfast club and hash browns. The portion was big, but neither were seasoned well. The hash browns were crispy but lukewarm and very greasy. I tried a bite of my friends pan crepes and they were nothing spectacular, pretty much just pancakes with a bigger egg ratio. 
The decor in the dining area was a bit bleak. In the back of the dining room there were unfinished shelves with a modicum of employee property, Sysco boxes, and prep equipment . Perhaps a curtain could help. Also maybe a mural on the giant greige wall would liven it up.
The counter service was good. The girl at the register was energetic and pleasant. 
This was not the worst place that I have been by any means, but I do feel a bit deceived by the rave reviews that led me here.Went here a while back and it was OK so thought I would give it another try... Staff is really nice and do the best they can to manage bussing tables and refilling water jugs and coffee thermoses. However, during this trip the food was awful. I got the breakfast club with hashbrowns. The bread was so greasy that it was almost see through! Plus the turkey was dark meat which I was not expecting/do not like (I guess if you like dark meat turkey on a club you're in luck?). Also the hashbrowns were slimy and cold and tasted old. My breakfast date was also unimpressed with his gravy train. Nice people but I probably won't eat here again.Most delicious breakfast I've ever had! I want to go back and try it all. The staff is hilarious and friendly! They can cook a fried egg like no one I know!Can't say enough about their omlettes - fluffiest eggs ever with the freshest additions!I went to Wakin' Bakin' at about 11:30 this morning.  I was part of a party of four. We were seated pretty quickly, thought their dining room only has room for about 10 people.  It's a fast-paced kitchen! They were rolling! Seems like delivery is a really high volume option for them.
The coffee is Community, their iced tea is just regular stuff.  Their sausage from Crescent Pie & Sausage is a highlight of the menu. I enjoyed the simple options that are pretty easily made vegan or veggie friendly. The staff were great, and I was pleased with the service.  We lucked up on being seated in under 10 minutes, because once this place is more well known, it'll be tough to get in.  I will definitely come back.It's a neat place. Small but cute and the food was good.The food was good, but small plates. We got "big John" , and it was not big. The bisquits and gravy were excellent though, there was Cajun seasoning on them. The place is a bit small, so not good for crowds.Although we were extremely hung over when we arrived here on a Monday at noon, I felt that if I lived in the area I would eat here everyday.
It's the kind of place you go in, order your food at the counter, pay, then pick a seat, outside/inside/where ever and they bring you your food. Casual and hearty. 
I had the Biscuits and gravy with bacon and eggs. Perfect hangover food and really authentic New Orleans flavor!!  Really, the food is great. Next time I'll enjoy it more because I won't be hungover.This morning I placed a to go order and was told that it would be 30 minutes. After waiting patiently I had to ask several times how much longer and was told 15 more minutes... 5 more minutes.. I watched several people order AND receive their food before we received ours. In my experience working in restaurants, you tell customers the MAXIMUM wait time so they are prepared, and if they have to wait patiently for 55 minutes, almost double the wait time, you graciously thank them for their business, comp the food, and have the manager apologize. I'm only one customer, but my experience should matter. The food is good, but a biscuit and ham is not worth waiting 55 minutes for.Very quaint spot. Appeared to be a "Locals" favorite. Food and prices were awesome... would have given 5 stars if they had been a little quicker with the food. Would recommend expanding space and bumping up the staff.Delicious!!!! The BLT was phenomenal. The sourdough bread was probably the best I have ever had. The chocolate chip cookie was delish.Great "Ma and Pa" tasty breakfast eatery!This is a great little breakfast place.  I had breakfast here this morning. I had the 1 egg "box breakfast," which came with one egg, bacon, a biscuit, and a choice of sides (I went with grits). The grits were amazing! Seriously. They were the best grits I've had, probably. The biscuit was good, too, as was the blueberry jam that came with it. Seriously. I think only Besh's grits compare.
It is tucked away in an interesting neighborhood and very small. You place your order and pay at the counter but a very nice employee will bring it to you. I am big on breakfast and, now that I am on the southshore, Wakin' Bakin' will definitely be on my rotation.Came in on a whim for breakfast. I have to say, we were disappointed. Our group ordered 4 different menu items and all were underwhelming. They lacked seasoning and flavor- the eggs were just that... Eggs. Nothing else; no salt and pepper, etc.... at least it tasted like nothing was used for seasoning. We really had higher hopes based on previous reviews but, alas, it was not meant to be. Bummer.I love this place so much. The coffee is amazing(French Truck Coffee), the hostesses are the nicest gals on the planet and the food is fantastic. This place prides itself on it's down-home cookin' and neighborhood friendly vibe. Eat in, dine out-they will deliver breakfast to you! Specials every morning but you got to go early, pretty sure they open at 7am! Last time we were in, we happened to be the last order of the shift and something must have gone down because it took us 30 minutes to get our food, however they made it up to us by sending us home with breakfast pastries on the house. I thought that was an awesome gesture and an excellent sign of their attention to customer service & needs because I would have been happy even without a door prize.I love this little breakfast joint.  Nice staff. Great food (Yay for pancrepes!).  Love the outside seating.I don't get why everyone loves this place.Hipster and overpriced! Borderline filthy, cooks with their hair uncovered and no gloves ewww.The food well blah i can make better food at home lesson learned.Love the fresh orange juice!
The food was awesome, favorite part was the grits and bacon.
Only giving it 4 stars because I was a little disappointed in the side of sausage I order and it took awhile to get my food.
Other then that it's a cute & cozy location!
Also sell these animal figurines that hold little plants. Adorable :)There wasn't a wait after walking from Biscuits & Buns on banks...the service was great but it was hot and the food was not the best. I had pancrepes which didn't suite my appetite and my fiancé had eggs and bacon.I love this place. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is charming and cozy, AND they deliver! Admittedly, I've never gotten delivery from here, but breakfast delivery is wonderful thing. The baked goods are excellent and coffee is pretty good too. One thing I like most - you can get there, enjoy your entire meal, read the news, and get back home while people are still waiting on their table at Biscuits & Buns across the street. :)I've lived in a number of cities and this is by far the best breakfast place I've ever had. AND THEY DELIVER. BOOM. Queso burrito with sausage gravy. Melt in your mouth. Cheese grits are to die for too.I ordered Wakin' Bakin' this morning after running late to work without breakfast. Imagine my surprise when my food (and coffee) arrived less than 12 minutes later. 
I ordered a small box breakfast with a fruit cup as my side. This includes eggs, bacon, a biscuit, preserves, and a side. The eggs, bacon and preserves were very good. I felt like the biscuit was a little dry, but that could also just be a preference thing, rather than quality issue. I also felt like it was a good amount of food, considering I ordered a small. I was pleasantly surprised. 
The thing I am most pleased about was the fruit cup. I know that sounds ridiculous, but I really appreciate a place that doesn't skimp on the good stuff, rather than a sad cup full of melon and honeydew, some grapes and perhaps a lone strawberry (if you are so lucky.) The fruit cup at Wakin' Bakin' was FILLED with strawberries, watermelon, blackberries, and some melon aka HEAVEN. 
I also got an iced coffee, which is CC's so I knew what to expect with that. I will definitely be ordering again.This has been my go to breakfast place for over a year! I really loved the thin crepe style pancakes, and I love the simplicity of the meal, yet the flavor was there, so it was never ordinary! Recently, I have noticed that an item that i have been ordering had been listed as "sold out". So after 3 weeks of trying to order hash browns, (you read that correctly) I called to ask if it was something that is indeed not available or if it's an app issue, and was told that the kitchen cannot place fill the orders quick enough, so when they remove something it's for good reason.
Fair enough I guess, but the past THIRTY TWO double orders of mine cooked, prepared, and delivered in 30 minutes or less to uptown New Orleans says otherwise.
I will savor my last THIRTY THIRD order.Tasty LITTLE breakfast spot. We've been twice and enjoyed all our food and will definitely be back. It's very, very small, so I wasn't sure if we'd be able to grab a table for our family of 5, but it seems like people didn't linger long at their table (probably since it was standing room only with people waiting to sit).This is my favorite little breakfast spot. Staff seems to be chill down to earth people who can really cook some serious breakfast. My go combo is the big john. Instead of the coffee I get chocolate milk (classic foodfan420 move). Pancrepes and pork is magical!1) The bacon bowl is great (and low-carb if you get it with beans!)
2) The biscuits are great. 
3) The blueberry jam is great.
4) The coffee is great (and bottomless!)
5) They also sell plants in tiny plastic dinosaur planters.
What's not to love?So delicious and pretty cheap.  Go for the breakfast bowl, though.  My husband got the bowl while I went for the boxes breakfast.  I was regretting my decision pretty bad once I saw his meal.  The preserves were delicious.  Biscuit was pretty decent. We will definitely visit again.  Cool place with really nice employees. Thank y'all!In from Chicago & this place doesnt disappoint. $6 gets you a coffee & sandwhich thats delicious.  Highly recommended.Love me some Pancrepes. Just like my crazy Asian mom used to make them. Trying for big an fluffly never worked out for her, but thin, crispy edge pancakes were my moms specialty. Hope she's in heaven glad to know that I miss her crispy cakes but can come to Wakin bacon when I'm in Nola and love em all over again.I can't believe I haven't reviewed my favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans yet. I'm a Mid City denizen, and thus, a recipient of the greatest of all gifts: being in the Wakin Bacon delivery zone. That's right: BREAKFAST DELIVERY.
I can't count the number of mornings I've woken up, bleary eyed and headachey, and reached for my phone and the only restaurant that's ever made it to my speed dial. Within minutes (as many as 45-60 if you're so hard up as to call between 11:30am and 1:00pm on a Saturday or Sunday, usually under 30 any other time), I'm dropping crumbs in the sheets and getting bacon in my hair. Divine.
I particularly recommend the BLT, and I usually add avocado or a fried egg. The breakfast bowl is also wonderful, and the breakfast sandwiches are a perfect (and affordable) solution to most hangovers. I've been known to order 5 or 8 breakfast sandwiches to go on the way to a tubing trip or after a bachelorette party. Problem solved.
These guys are the best. They're friendly, easy going, have high quality food, DELIVERY, and they're in my hood. Done deal.Food portions are huge!! Atmosphere is awesome!  The staff amazing!!!!  Food was good. My husband had the chronic and substituted sausage for the ham.  He said it was AWESOME!!  Only problem was one piece of sausage was cold in the middle. 
I had biscuits and gravy.  My eggs and bacon were awesome!  My biscuits and gravy tasted great but were cold. I would suggest heating the biscuits before putting the gravy!  Great place. We will be back!Great inexpensive place to eat. 
Breakfast most excellent. 
Basic but done with great pride. 
Everything is scratched made. 
Biscuits and gravy tasty. (Needs more sausage)
The over easy eggs were perfect. A sign of a very good chef. 
Go enjoy
I WILL be back to try lunch. 
Enjoy it 
People very busy and customer orientedThis place is amazing. Inspired breakfast dishes as well as the classics. This rating is for the multiple times I've gotten their delivery. Living in New Orleans, there will come a time when you are in no condition to make or go get breakfast. Until now, the solution has been to wait until lunch. Well those days are over, because now you can call the breakfast superheroes to rescue you. 
Trying to decide among the items on the menu is a little daunting, but I'm sure they are all delicious. My standard is the queso breakfast burrito-add avocado. The orange juice is fresh squeezed and should have a different name from the stuff sold in grocery stores. The coffee is some of the best brewed coffee I've had, and it has always arrived hot (with optional side of portioned cream and sugar). The food has always arrived in a reasonable amount of time and never cold (very important for egg-items). Did I mention that my orders have been at about 10am Sunday mornings? Prime brunch/breakfast time didn't put WB off their stride at all!
They could easily charge more for this food as well as for the service. Give them the chance to save your day as the breakfast delivery superheroes that they are.
EDIT: Almost forgot to mention how incredibly friendly the phone staff and delivery drivers are.It's a cool little cafe on Banks street. The food does not disappoint! Get the grits. 
Atmosphere- Cozy, colorful, ecclectic artwork. Busy. 
Food - I had the queso (cheddar cheese and egg) burrito, with shrimp, onions, and peppers... and a side of grits. It was awesome and piping hot! . I would've given the place a 5, but I ordered jalapenos for the burrito... I guess the cashier wrote down peppers, because it came out with green peppers instead. Because it was very busy, I didn't bother to send it back. Added hot sauce, problem solved! 
There's a nice variety on the menu. 
Service - The staff was nice and the food came out in a pretty decent time, considering the rush that came on at that time. 
Price - Fair prices. It's worth the $. 
I'll definitely be back on my next visit to NOLA!Great breakfast, fresh baked breads, and best of all they deliver! Mid-City welcome to breakfast in bed.Personally, I would have given this place 5 stars but I went with my entire family so I'm giving the average based on everyone's experience Everything is fresh! I love it! And I'm vegetarian so it's the perfect spot for me. 
I ordered the pancakes and an omelet with mushrooms, cheese, and avocado slices. I also ordered a side of black beans. Absolutely delicious!!We get breakfast delivered pretty much every Sunday morning (at this point I and the delivery hit have a rapport), and it's consistently delicious and affordable. We always offer when out of town guests are here, and they are jealous we have such an awesome place around the corner. I do the breakfast bowl and my man normally gets the sausage roll, pig muffin, or the pancrepes and pork (if very hungry). Even the fruit cups are good!We ordered delivery last weekend while at Finn McCool's for the Manchester United game. Everything was hot when delivered and tasted fresh and delicious. I had the pancrepes with bacon and eggs. I also got to try the sausage roll and hash browns - fantastic. You can tell the hash browns were freshly grated. Everything we had seemed to be done right with no shortcuts. 
The only hang up was they forgot syrup for my pancakes. We will definitely be ordering again and I will make sure to ask for syrup.Perfection, as usual. The food is so comforting, But the prices!!! Youch!! You're killing me guys!!!We went early on a Sunday morning and were happy to find our pick of picnic benches! We both ordered the biscuit and gravy with eggs and bacon!  The bacon, eggs and biscuit were perfect, my only small gripe was that the gravy could have had WAY more flavour!  The coffee bar has HEATED milk in a thermos, which was DELIGHTFUL, the staff was friendly and the service was quick and great!  They cleared our table multiple times!  The pancakes were good, on the thinner side, and served with maple syrup and butter.  I would go back!  Maybe I should stick to white gravy when I am in Mississippi? or maybe it was having an off day?  Nonetheless, I loved this neighborhood, and the clientele and the proximity to Sunday morning mass! lolFood is fabulous! Delivery was long but on a Sunday morning what do u expect! They were more than courteous about it! Will def def call again!AMAZING BREAKFAST SPOT! My boyfriend and I come here regularly. The pancrepes are to die for, and the pigmuffin is out of this world. The service is always great and the staff is more than friendly! It's a rare thing to have great food AND great service in New Orleans. I can not rave enough about this place. The only catch is you have to get there early or there will be a wait! OH AND ORDER THE GRITS! mmmmm!Stopped here for a late breakfast on our way to Oak Alley Plantation. Wasn't too far off the highway. So glad we did! The place was small, funky and pretty stuffy (just fans going) but the vibe was really good! Crystal greeted us warmly and was patient as we tried to figure out what we wanted-Not easy when you have two kids with you. The food was filling and fresh. Would definitely recommend this place!Loved it. We like the rest of New Orleans love a Sunday breakfast. We dont go that often as most breakfast places in town have an hour or longer wait. We went to wakin bakin on a Sunday per a friends reccomndation and walked in without a wait. Major score. The food was fantastic, also a major score. We had the breakfast bowl, and some to die for pancreapes. Was very inpressed, we will be back.How is there not a line to get into this place?  Not that I'm complaining.  The food was excellent.  Hash browns were delicious and my sausage roll was great.  My husband got one of the breakfast bowls, and he said it was awesome.  We took home a baguette and ate practically the whole thing for dinner.  We'll definitely be back.Love this place. Consistently good. They juice oranges fresh for every order. Definitely my favorite easy breakfast place in midcity/lakeview area.Visiting on vacation and decided to check this place out. I'm glad I did. They have a small kitchen, so you might need to expect a wait if it is busy, but the food was really tasty. Everything was homemade and tasted really fresh, and the prices were very reasonable to both the size of the plates and the taste. Small size but not cramped, and a great stop for a good breakfast.While I did not have the pleasure of eating here, I will give the reason for my one star. Walked in, seems that you order your food from the register then find a seat. The gentleman working the register asked if we were ready to order, I said yes, he continued to put away bottled sodas. Another couple walked in, the were promptly greeted by another worker and told to please have a seat and order here when ready. While I normally wouldn't mind, but as we were first and there was only one table available,  this is a bit rude. Probably should not hire people that are so high they are incapable of functioning in a service industry environment.  Shame because the menu actually looks great.First off, food is the bomb.com. Everything cooked fresh and to order with great portion size. Nice small place, with both indoor and outdoor seating. Definitely nothing fancy, a true Nola Gem.  Pretty limited menu, but I'm pretty sure they'll make whatever you want. Also, the price point is perfect. 2 people, great breakfast for less than $20. Only four stars because it's pretty much self service. You order at the counter, you get your own silverware, drinks, and a little hot inside.  All in all, I'll be back.A neighborhood joint, right next to Mid City Pizza. Interesting menu and reasonably priced. I had the hash brown breakfast bowl , and it was a crunchy, greasy fill up of goodness. There are six or eight tables inside and four picnic tables outside , so not too big not too small.We ordered breakfast catering for 80 people from Wakin Bakin two days in a row and they were one of the best breakfast caterers I've ever had. The food was delicious, they were timely and set up everything to perfection. The biscuits and gravy were phenomenal. When we couldn't get into the building and they had to wait like half an hour to set up breakfast, they didn't bat an eye. I don't do events in New Orleans often, but if I did I'd hire them every time, hands down.Wakin' Bakin' sounds like a hella cool spot for some hella good hangover food. But, a restaurant is more than just it's name and Wakin' Bakin' more than represented. Everything was fresh, delicious and homemade from the biscuit to the jelly.
Instead of serving regular pancakes, Wakin' Bakin' opts for Pancrepes (thin crepe-like pancakes ) that taste great by the way.
Their breakfast sandwiches like the Pig Muffin are pretty impressive too.
Good food and a cute location makes Wakin' Bakin' a great way to start the morning.This breakfast place is pretty awesome.  The only negative thing I can think of is its occasionally full of hipsters talking about bingo night (?).  I really only get the regular "boxed breakfast," but its always excellent (bacon always cooked perfectly).  Oh, and definitely get the fresh squeezed orange juice.
tl;dr: Great breakfast place, excellent OJ, occasionally full of hipsters.Never got our meals...
I came here last Sunday with big expectations. I arrived around 10am and there was already a line. It took around 15 minutes before it was our turn to order food and we sat down. That was no big deal. Something I am used to when partaking in a pre-saints game brunch. 
We waited over a hour without being checked on. We soon started seeing people who ordered well after us being served and got tired of waiting. It was around 11:30 and we didn't want to miss the saints game, so we asked to cancel our meals so that we can make it to the game. One of the women behind the counter started making excuses and didn't really want to give us a refund. It took a cook to tell her to give us a refund in order to finally get our money back.
 A hour and a half wait for no food and a lack of professionalism will not having me returning anytime soon. Guess I'll just stay across the street at Biscuits on Banks.This is a very cute little place. We had to stop for some breakfast before we left New Orleans and weren't disappointed. We tried the burrito, biscuits in gravy, avocado toast, yogurt with fruit and hemp seeds. They also have fresh orange juice. 
It was rush hour and their place is small so we had to wait for a table but despite that we enjoyed the food a lot.I got the biscuits and the gravy. The gravy had no flavor at all and hardly any sausage in it. I never put salt and pepper on my food but the gravy needed it bad! The side dish of eggs and bacon were awesome. I am not one who likes to order meals at the counter and drinks so be aware this isn't your sit down and be served type of place.I love this place. Not in the busy French Quarters but every bit as unique and better food. Cinnamon French Toast was great. They asked my name when I arrived then came by my table a couple of times and called me by name... A small gesture that meant a lot. A couple of cons: there are only 7 tables inside and there's nowhere for customers placing to go orders to wait do they end up taking some of they previous few tables; the coffee is fantastic but they only have whole milk for it, no creamer or half n half.This was fine.  Nothing objectionable.  Nothing remarkable. At all.  Just an ok biscuit with an egg and some cheese.I got the pancrepes with bacon, which are totally amazing good. He got the spicy special, grits with pepperjack cheese, bacon and jalapenos. They were good the the pancrepes are something special. We also got a shrimp and sausage cheesecake to share. It was so very good, I'd go back just for that.  Overall outstanding and if we lived there, we'd be back.