The all beef frank was great! The coleslaw made it over the top. I also had the ice cream sandwich with brown butter ice cream. Fantastic!!Warbucks is FUN and the whole place has a cool laid back energy about it, New Orleans needs way more Resterants like this place because a person can only eat so much gumbo anf po boys before you get bored and chubby, I would describe it as reimagined New American food, it honestly reminds me of my hometown of San Diego in terms of the vibe and aesthetic or even Santa Cruz, but that isn't really important because I remember LITERALLY writting a scathing review of a seafood resterants a couple of years back and my main gripe was that "you can't eat atmosphere. With that being said...the food...sigh *wipes away a single tear* this Chef Todd guy is my favorite type of Chef, he takes his fine dining background and he makes humble everyday American food sing and shine, dude is some type of genius.
Let's talk about the shrimp rings, they are a cool fun little dish and I  highly suggest getting them for small kids because they look like a onion ring and they are fried and have a soft mouth feel to them, they are a good starter to have with a beer, my on my criticism is I wish it had more of a solid crunch to it.  
Next we had the Ceasar salad...dude ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME?!?!? Why is that my favorite thing on the whole menu??? I was absolutely flabbergasted with how delicious a simple salad can be, for ME personal that is the mark of a truly gifted and special chef, not anyone can take something as everyday and mundane as a Caesar salad and make it into what I hope is a signature dish, if he ever takes it off of the menu I think I will be almost as hurt as when the Digable Planets or the fugees broke up.
"This Burger" you are going to have a LOT of people that will go into obnoxious detail on every aspect of the burger, all I'm going to tell you is if you have EVER had a in and out burger, this is a better version of that, defiantly it's final form.
This man had the testicular fortitude to put a corn dog on his menu and it is high key the best corn dog I have ever had on dry land...and I don't really eat on water or in the sky, so it's the best corn dog I have had in my life and I challenge you to taste it and not say the very same thing, I could litterly eat that every day of my life, it is freaking delicious.Tonight I tried the mahi with ox tail glaze, the corn dog, the bisque, the fries, the mac and cheese, the coleslaw, the spare rib, the ice cream sandwich, the twinkies, the peanut butter cups, the basic af (cocktail) and the old dirty daiquiri.
Everything was amazing. I mean unbelievable. I wasn't sure what to expect because the menu is so unique and unusual, however the chef is a genius. The flavor combinations of foods that are not normally paired together was so incredible. 
But, the true genius of this place is you're going to crave the food and you can only get it here. 
I cannot wait to go back and true some of the other menu items! 
Also the service was fantastic :)!Was really excited to try to this place and was not disappointed. Service was exceptional. Server was super friendly, made strong recommendations, and brought samples of their frozen cocktails for the table. They did a great job with the space and concept. It has a trendy/retro vibe but not pretentious or stuffy. Most importantly, the food was excellent. We shared a bunch of things for the table, the oysters, shrimp rings, mahi, foi gras burger, ice cream sandwich were all delicious. Really reasonably priced too. You can get a lot of stuff for under $8 and the most expensive thing on the menu is around $20.We had a variety of small plates.  All were very tasty and interestingly flavored.  You'll never have a better corn dog and any cook that pays that much attention to a corn dog is definitely serious about food!  Good service: no start-up issues you sometimes find with newly opened restaurants.  The owner knows how to manage.This is a really neat and trendy restaurant. You can tell the staff takes pride in their work and craft.  Quick and friendly service.  
The food is visually appealing, it's like art! The Warbucks mac n cheese is wonderful. I had the Scallion Rice and Chicken.  It was delicious.  The chicken was smothered with a great creamy sauce. The rice and veggies had a nice earthy taste.
Cool place to check out!I've been here twice and the food was so good. I've had the fish and the lamb papardell. The cocktails are really good too. I had the Gin with wine and grapefruit. Unfortunately the service was quite poor to start with and the big guy bar tender / waiter who had just got back from his break was very rude and condescending. Even to the extent of shouting at me. Never experienced this before, but maybe needs retraining. 
Otherwise I'd really recommend for the food and drinks. Sorry I couldn't leave 5 stars.We stopped here because of the 4.5 rating. We were extremely disappointed. Our waitress barely acknowledged us after we placed our order. The fries which accompanied the hamburger were ice cold. The shrimp rings were a tad warmer but very unimpressive. We were pleased with the pork belly but disappointed with the elote corn dog. Bottom line: Don't bother!!!I went here with some friends while I was back in town for a weekend. I had the pork belly and corndog elote. It seems like this place is still trying to find it's niche, which is fine, because I care way more about the quality and taste of the food than I do the decor or seating choices. The pork belly was amazing! Cooked perfectly with an amazing balance of crispy fat and tender meat. The corndog elote is a great idea in theory, but the lime flavor was overwhelming and the hotdog inside tasted like it had only been boiled, and was cut into several pieces. The stick was also unecessarily sharp, which could have ended poorly. The service was good, not great, but it's difficult to know what level of service to expect from a skater/'hip-hop'-themed restaurant on Magazine. I'd go back, but only if someone else suggested it.Absolute worst service ever. We sat, ordered drinks and aps and nothing.  Tables seated after us got food and drinks.  Server blamed the bar, said sorry and offered nothing. UGH!Atmosphere- too bright with hard surfaces. Better for lunch than dinner. Menu is ambitious but a bit contrived. Had the BBQ and couldn't eat it because it was so spicy. Friends had the burgers and weren't impressed. Walked by it last night and it was empty. Hoping it's a work in progress. This is a great spot for the neighborhood.I have nothing but good things to say about this place. I have been twice so far and both visits were excellent. The first time I went I spoke to the server about having celiac and he was very thorough in discussing my options. I had the broccoli cauliflower salad with chicken and it was delicious. The second time I went I had a burger wrapped in lettuce and it was perfectly done and exactly what I wanted. Everyone was so friendly and accommodating. They also have Scarpetta sparkling rose which is my favorite. I can't wait to go back!Had an early lunch and it was fantastic. The corn dog and the broccoli cauliflower Caesar-esque dishes were favorites. Shrimp rings were a hit too, especially with the 9 year old. The overall ambiance was fun and friendly and the vibe is super current. We really liked it, looking forward to going back for dinner.Stopped in for a quick lunch while shopping on Magazine Street. Had a few small plates: pork belly lettuce wraps, shrimp rings, charred sweet potatoes, and a frozen vodka drink they call the Warhead. The sweet potato alone warrants the 5 stars. Complex flavors and textures. Pork belly was perfectly cooked and not overly fatty. Shrimp rings (shrimp made into a mousse then fried) were really different but also delicious. The drink, frozen vodka, how can you go wrong? They have 3 other frozen cocktails, as well as a $7 bucket of High Life ponies. The space has been beautifully renovated. Bartender was lovely and informative and the chef came to ask me how everything was. Will be back!Went here as a last minute/resort since every other place we tried going to was so packed and had over 45 minutes of wait time. Got hwre for 3 and apparently it was HH! Win! Beers were half off and they had a special for 2/5.00 sliders and meatpies. We got 2 meatpies and 2 beers. Unfortunately, they were out of both beers that I wanted... soo.. meh. But anyways, I order the lamb papparadelle and my brother ordered the "This Burger". My pasta dish was good. Not spectacular but not bad. My brother said his burger was good but that the red onions were a bit too tangy for him. Service was decent enough. We had a super friendly server but whoever ran the food out to us was less than friendly. She set the food in front of us and asked if we needed anything else but turned and started walking away before we had a chance to answer. My brother literally had to wave her back and ask for ketchup...which she brought to the table and just walked away. I hope she heard my very vocal "THANK YOU!" Most likely won't go back.New place in my neighborhood. LOVE their take on tomato soup & grill cheese. Beautiful and clean space with a cool design. Nice drink selection and super friendly staff. It's so nice to have a new option in this area! Yummy!Overall, great lunch and we enjoyed (almost) everything we ordered. 
Loved... BBQ pork with scallion crepes and collard greens; rice and chicken (sounds bland but the dish was flavorful and chicken was super juicy!); praline ice cream sandwich
Liked... shrimp rings; "This Burger" (cheese burger with fancy toppings)
Nah... Cereal Killa cocktail, the frozen candy bar with chocolate and peanut butter (too cold/hard to eat/enjoy)Amazing restaurant! Tried the tomato bisque and mahi. Both dishes were so delicious! All fresh ingredients! My husband got the burger and said it was really good. We will be back!The shrimp rings are to die for.  And two thin patties on their burgers actually cooked medium?   Whaaaaat?This place was ok... 
the server was great and very attentive with some suggestions.  
I started off with the Hank's Lemonade spiked with some vodka and it was delicious!!!  
Then we had the shrimp rings which the waitress said were really good however we didn't like them.  The texture of the ring was chewy and not at all what I was expecting.  I wouldn't recommend these!!  
Next we had the 7 dollar salad!  This was one of the best things we had all evening!!  I would definitely recommend this if you enjoy a wedge salad!  
On to our dinner...  We had the 
- stake & potato which was very good but WAY OVER PRICED for what you get.  
- black pepper pappardelle which I didn't care for!  
- potato crisp p&j oysters which were ok... the flavor was good but the oysters were soggy 
- chilli crunch brussels sprouts this was the only other thing I highly recommend this dish!!  They were delicious!!
The food is way over priced and not that great!First go, naw it wasn't crack
Still gotta respect the cheezy mac
They tryin hard to be an innovator
But fancy parts weak like AC Slater
Ceasar and bisque, kinda alright
That bbq pork ain't got no fight
Keep it simple, I'll return to sample
Next time, light me like a candle
Word to your motherThis place has an awesome burger!!!  The praline ice cream sandwich is also one of the best desserts!  The corn dog and shrimp rings were also tasty. Great local spot.  Definitely recommend!Everything is fire here. 
Food- Fire
Drinks- Fire
Ambiance- Fire
Fire- Fire
If you like great things, come here. If you don't, go buy Bugles at the Walgreen's across the street.We ordered the BBQ pork with crepes, and a burger. Both were excellent. It was only their second day in business, and the staff was a little unorganized. We had four different people helping us, but they were all fantastic. Very helpful and sincere. The twinkee for dessert was also excellent. Highly recommend this place!This Burger was flavorful and cooked perfectly. Got just what I asked for. Fries are addicting-ly good.No problems with this place. The food was really good. I had one of the burgers. Meat, cheese, all of that was good, but what I liked most was the bread was homemade -- or at least tasted like it was. Try the Mac and cheese as well. The '90s hip hop music was a cool addition to the vibe inside.Went there for an early dinner and found out it was happy hour. The $2 wine was great. A real bargain. Had the crispy oyster, fries with Kimchee and brisket. Really good and filling. Previous visit had the pulled pork with fermented greens. The greens were really good. Great service. Comfortable.Wow! So impressed with this place. My crew and I wanted to check out the Turkey & Fox but when we found out that was closed for New Year's Day, we looked to see if they had any other spots and found Warbucks. 
Great aesthetic and design inside! Every single thing we ordered was AMAZING. Great textures and flavors. The ice cream sandwich was unique and so delicious. Loved the Mac and cheese, burger, and cole slaw (even though I don't usually like slaw). 
AN ABSOLUTE MUST!Our server was so sweet. Such a lovely lady. But the food was...weird. We started with the shrimp rings. Battered rings of minced shrimp and other stuff??? inside they're the color of nacho cheese. They didn't taste bad but they were very strange. I got the banh mi as my meal. Very good actually, but it came with pork rinds and something called chicken puffs. Okay. My boyfriend got the mahi mahi, which came with oxtail and hash browns. Nothing tied them together. Very weird dish. My drink (Warhead) was also crazy sweet. Didn't care for it, but others might. Won't be going back because the food wasn't very good, but I would like to reiterate that our service was lovely.So happy they opened. Great food- tried the This and That burger - super yummy and juicy. Had the pulled pork and chicken- also delicious. The crepes with the pulled pork alone are savory scrumptious. The Basic AF drink is perfect - not to sweet but my new go to drink. The oysters were so good with a unique medley of flavors. The desserts were good too- yes - were ordered a lot. Ice cream sandwich was my favorite. The peanut butter cup was a darker less sweet version that I think many guys would enjoy if they don't like super sweet treats. Then to top off this surprisingly wonderful meal, Todd "Warbucks" came to our table to see how our meal was. He is super sweet and chill and so creative.I have been hearing nothing but rave reviews about this place and how funky it is. So, me and a friend decided to go and try it out for ourselves.
The interior is nicely decorated with funky paintings and modern decor. We were greeted at the door and immediately seated. The beer selection was top notch, with a sense of the hipster, but I do not complain. Beer is beer for me. 
The food is what I like to write about and I can honestly say the burger that I ordered was delicious! The poppy seeded bun adds to the burger. Yes, I just ordered the classic (I think the name is "That Burger?"). My friend ordered the very fancy burger and was very impressed with how all of those ingredients come together to create a nice meal. 
I give my seal of approval, this place is very hot right now, and I really hope they keep adding items to their menu. Its classy with a throwback to the classics.If you are hanging out in the Garden district or shopping along Magazine this is a great little spot to stop for lunch. It had an updated diners vibe inside. We tried the charred broccoli and cauliflower, the bibb lettuce salad, mac and cheese, and ice cream sandwich. It made for a nice lunch for 2.  The crispy avocado in the salad was a really nice touch and you can really taste the smokiness in the broccoli and cauliflower.  For me the weakest link was the mac n cheese. It wasn't bad just wasn't anything special.  The ice cream sandwich was really good, so don't skip.I guess highbrow low brow isn't really my style. While the food was good, my stomach was knocked out by the heaviness.Love it. The food is excellent and the happy hour is great.  I've been there twice. The fried oysters might be my favorite.  (I don't like oysters....if that tells you anything.). Pork belly wraps are excellent.  I've also had the Mac and cheese, charred sweet potato, and happy hour sliders. I love that the happy hour sliders change on the reg. Makes me want to come back for happy hour every day! Also good service, nice atmosphere. 5 stars fa shoSo my husband and I have come in here many times and we just got small plates. Mainly my craving for something not technically on the menu... the Crab Fat Coleslaw on top of French fries. I'll post a pic. But anyway, I had the Triple tail tonight and it was heaven! My husband loved his Bahn Mi, said it was the best he had!  We live in the neighborhood and are very pleased with this restaurant and the creativity & flavors the chef offers. 
Again..... crab fat coleslaw on top of French fries.. eat it w/a fork. Your welcome!Wow.  I was very happy to have stopped in after receiving a delicious burger on the most amazing bun and the pork belly lettuce wraps.   Really well done options with excellent flavor.  The ice cream sandwich for dessert was absolutely exceptional!! Attentive but not annoying service.  Will be going back for sure.This place was not only delicious but the service was stellar. Our waiter took time out of his day to tell us everything cool going on around town and made our experience so fun and enjoyable. Would recommend this place to anyone! Hot shot was really cool, told me he owned the place and could hook me up anytime!The restaurant decor is nice. Considering the reviews, it was disappointing. The fish sandwich was good, fries very average, presented in a white paper carton...like McD's. Shrimp rings, as previous reviewer, couldn't determine what you were eating. Burgers average, should be much better for $14, same side of fries. 
Service, seemed like  they were new on the job.
Lots of competition.... for the can't see going back.The food is absolutely delicious and the service is so lovely. We had the fried fish sandwich special. Perfectly cooked drum fish fried with Zapp's potato chips. It's the best thing I've eaten in a really long time. Then the shrimp and crab ravigote. It's a very well made salad. The lettuce is crisp, the shrimp and crab are well cooked, and the dressing has the perfect amount of kick. Not to forget the fried avocado which makes the whole dish feel decadent. An awesome meal!Food was amazing. Went Wednesday for lunch and shared Brussels sprouts (incredible), dumplings (very very good) and shared the burger and beer. No complaints. Loved it. Will be back!Bartender was great! Friendly folks, clean establishment, and a straightforward menu.Loved the vibe of this place and the food was great. I had the This Burger which was delicious. My boyfriend had the beef brat which was also good. If you like Mezcal, the Liquid Sword cocktail wasWent there for takeout. Got the "this burger", ordered it rare/medium rare and it came well done. The flavors all meshed together and didn't really add anything to the burger. Also got the Mac and cheese, while it self tasted fine, the crunchy toppings were burnt. 
On the upside, the staff was wonderful and attentive!Great Place!  Very thoughtful dishes.  We had the Fried Oysters and Brussel Sprouts with the egg on top.  Both have a ton of flavor.  The Basic AF cocktail is lovely, as well.  Who knew adding a little St Germaine to a Tito's & soda would be so good?  They did, that's who.Ordered some take-out yesterday, and after reading so many great things, I've gotta admit, I was pretty disappointed. I ordered the corndog elote, red beans with octopus, "This" burger, and frank w/ crab fat slaw. With each item that I tried, I kept waiting to be "wowed," but unfortunately, I never was. The red beans w/ octopus was pretty tasty, but the other stuff was pretty meh. Maybe it was because I got it to-go? All I know is that I doubt I'd go back.Our second visit for lunch since opening and it continues to impress. 
This place is got vibe great service and wonderful tasty food. 
Something about the place that just makes relax and truly enjoy an excellent experience. 
Enjoy!Service was great. The atmosphere is very hip and comfortable! Good beer and drink selections. The serving sizes were a tad smaller than expected, but they got the job done. Recommend the crawfish etouffe dumplings. Chicken rice bowl and fried chicken bahn mi were delicious; will try one of the burgers next time, they looked amazing!Such an awesome addition to the neighborhood.  The This Burger is my favorite in town.  Also the Brussel Sprouts with an egg are pretty tasty.  Don't skip on dessert bc the praline ice cream sandwich is phenomenal!This place is very cool, in a subway tile and skateboard kind of way. It feels trendy, with a casual laid back attitude. There is inside & outside seating. Inside is attractively designed with a long bar and 2 large painted murals on the walls of people. The outside seating is just as you'd expect on Magazine Street. Single tie if cute white bench & orange chair seating. Perfect for a nice day and people watching. The staff was all very friendly,  helpful, and extremely knowledgeable of the menu items. And this is something I'd recommend you take full advantage of, as some items don't list all of the small additions to the dishes. The servings are small but sufficient. The Wedge Salad for example, is a Slice, not an actual Wedge. But I enjoyed it, it also contained lots of sunflower seeds, and something else I couldn't identify, that I wasn't expecting, as they weren't listed on the menu. But it was not bad. There were also edible flowers, which was a nice touch. We also ordered the Fried Oyster Appetizer, (which was very good), and the Chicken Rice Bowl, which was the best of our choices. It was delicious. We had a 5 yr old with us on this trip, who also thoroughly enjoyed his hot dog (on a deliciously original, fresh baked buttery bun!) and fries. Prices were average, to very slightly higher judging on a serving amount to price ratio, but that's to be expected at a place that uses quality ingredients and Chief prepared meals. All in all, a nice meal, great location, enjoyed it.Their shrimp rings were amazing. But I then I got my steak and everything went down hill from there. 22 dollars for what looked like 3 measly slices of steak. Worst part had to be the taste it had.The food was excellent overall. However, (i) I ordered a side of macaroni and cheese and it never arrived; and (ii) I ordered an entree of fish -- the most expensive option on the menu -- and the portion size was ridiculously small. That's fine, but the server should have at least warned me about it. It was also supposed to be served with lump crab cake, and I think it was, but I could barely find it in the dish. Seriously, the amount of crab cake was similar to the amount of caviar one would expect to see on a similar entree. Finally, it took 15 minutes for the check to arrive after I finished my meal.Walking along this area of Magazine my husband and I quickly realized that we have been to every restaurant we strolled by. We noticed Warbucks and liked the menu. We tried to make reservations for that night, but they don't take reservations. Needless to say, we hit the restaurant around 6pm on a Saturday and got in without a problem. There were a few people standing around waiting for a table when we left, but it seems like everyone who came in was seated right away. Our server was amazing! She was very attentive and informative without being overwhelming. The food came out rather fast. 
We started with shrimp rings, charred broccoli & cauliflower, and the bib lettuce. The shrimp rings were delicious, and I highly recommend them. The charred broccoli and cauliflower was great, but I expected it to be hot and it was really cold. The bib lettuce was wah-wah. We followed the appetizers with That Burger, the fresh cheese tortelli, and the corn dog. All were good-ish or more like ok. Lastly, we had the ice cream sandwich. It was good and large enough to share. The thing I didn't really like about this place was how loud it was. I mean everyone was shouting at one another. It was really uncomfortable. If you happen to be near Warbucks, I would recommend checking it out. I wouldn't beeline there or tell you it is a must go. For me personally, I think I can say I have been there and I am not likely to return.Unique and creative menu, good service, very good food, fun atmosphere.
Worth it, on multiple levelsJust wasn't worth the price, portions were small,
Example- French toast was one slice of bread..... big whoop, and 20$ just about!? Nothing special, should have stayed home and saved 50$... I hate writing a bad review, this is my second. But I honestly felt compelled to share my bad experience.
But I was so excited to try this place after reading the review about the chef being a hip hop artist!! Still a fan of you!!Outstanding burger, the best I've had in a long-time. Comfortable atmosphere, service was great. Try the shrimp rings.This family friendly establishment has my heart! Unique and delicious items on the menu. It will be a fun staple for the neighborhood. 
Although I would like to see an improvement in the hot dog flavor. I wasn't the biggest fan. However, I still give them 5 stars because the  restaurant team that works there is amazing.We had an amazing dinner tonight! There were 7 of us and shared a couple appetizers (Brussel sprouts, and Rangoons) that were all tasty and cooked well. Each of us tried different main courses and everyone was happy with our choices. The Caesar salad with cauliflower and broccoli was delicious! We all shared the cobbler for dessert and could have had more...
Reasonable prices and great food- couldn't ask for more! Can't wait to come back for their happy hour very soon!Everything we got was delicious. This restaurant had some classic diner style foods with a twist which was refreshing to see. The decor matched the style of food. All the flavors were good but not super memorable. I wasn't disappointed but I don't know if I'll be back. Too many other options for dining in New Orleans.Stopped by Warbucks mid week for lunch. I had heard great things about this spot so I was excited to give it a go. The menu isn't huge, but great for someone as indecisive as myself when it comes to choosing what to eat.
My friend and I shared a couple apps that were super tasty. The Charred Sweet Potato and Smoked Octopus and Red Beans were sooo good! We then had This Burger and That Burger (clever names) . No complaints. It definitely fulfilled my burger craving that day, but I wouldn't run to this place for a burger.
 What I WILL do next time is just try a handful of appetizers. They stood out the most and are very well thought out. We finished our meal with an Ice Cream sandwich that was pretty sweet so I'm glad I had help to finish. Overall I think this place is a great addition to Magazine street. Looking forward to my next trip to Warbucks!Food was good. Service was good except we got all our food at once and we had ordered 3 appetizers. The mac n cheese was light and fresh (Im not a mac and cheese person and when I do want it I like it heavy and creamy).  The brussel sprouts and crawfish ettoufe dumplings were probably the best of everything we ate and I wouldnt mind going back to share some small dishes with friends and order these again and try some other small bites.  My This burger was pretty good. The fries were just ok (a few were hard and undercooked).  All and all i was not impressed by the vibe or the food in general.  I'd say give it a try and perhaps its your kind of place/food.Had the pulled pork with turnip greens. Really god. The greens were served cold with excellent spicing. The oysters were great. Great space. Definitely a place to return to.Wine on draft, apps on deck, food makes me smile as much alum grin!!! Com gay it. Well done war bucks. Also big fan of Johnny Sanchez DTBeen here several times since they opened a few months ago. I loved coming for their shrimp rings. Sadly this time I went I was told they were no longer on the menu. 
Oddly enough it was a friend who told me about their shrimp rings that first brought me into the restaurant, so I was disappointed to see them gone. 
I'll return, I love the atmosphere and the serve and the food.Modern and fresh interior is what brought us in. Food is good but I got the special-sunny side raviolo with truffles. I love anything with truffles but $30 for a single ravioli? At least give me two! Good thing we got appetizers to help fill me up (shrimp rings and Mac and cheese are pretty good!)Really enjoyed our dinner here. The Brussel sprouts started was amazing - we will definitely be back for this. My friend got that burger (and loved it). My wife & I shared the shrimp rings (unique and tasty) and the fried bahn mi sandwich (also delicious). Good drinks. Good service. We liked sitting outside (though we did have 2 homeless people ask us for $$ while we were eating - but we were sitting on Magazine St -  so not unexpected). We will definitely be back.Came here with a coworker for lunch.  I ordered the burger with fries.  It was perfectly cooked fries a tad salty for me, but were good.  
My friend got the octopus and red beans she enjoyed it, but decided to order the $7.00 also.  I expressed to the waitress the prices in house from the website were different.  They comped the red beans/octopus which was nice!  Will go back to try something else.  Very clean good service!Not surprised this place is closing at all. What does hip hop and skateboarding have to do with food?  And I can't imagine actual skateboarders looked at the menu and said I gotta go to this place. And on top of the owners own rap lyrics (look them up) I'm surprised they lasted this long. Good luck in the future with a restaurant concept that has nothing to do with food. Hence hip hop and skateboarding. Real smart move.Warbucks is a great addition to the neighborhood. They have fantastic service and really good specials. Happy hour and the Wednesday burger special are great. I've enjoyed everything I've tried and the prices are reasonable. I really hope this place lasts! It's a tough location with a lot of turnover - go support this restaurant and help them stay!I really liked the overall vibe of Warbucks. They played good music and I loved the artwork on the walls. But, the food was not all that and the bottomless mimosa service was a little slow. It wasn't a big crowd there, so I didn't really understand why our servers were taking so long to get to us. I ordered the BLT sandwich with a side of Mac and cheese. Everything tasted really bland and it just wasn't my cup of tea. My friend ordered fries with her BLT and they were cold when they came out. On the happier note, the fried chicken was really delicious and the syrup that went with the chicken and waffles was a spicy treat that went well with the flavors.  We also had some eggs benny, those were okay as well. All in all, this place didn't really wow me. The staff was super nice, just slow getting to our table. I just wish the food was a little bit better. However, once the liquor really started catch up to us we were definitely lit. The drinks might have been slow coming to us, but they got us good and tipsy lolMy family and I were taking a stroll down Magazine St. when this restaurant caught our eye. It's modern yet traditional French look was an interesting combination gave the restaurant a lot of life. The lunch menu was quite small but I didn't mind. We ended up ordering the mushroom cheese melt, Mac & cheese with crawfish, and seafood salad to share. 
Mushroom cheese melt sandwich: I'm a huge fan of mushroom so this was seriously delicious. The gooey swiss cheese and caramelized onions inside complimented the mushrooms so nicely. The crispy, buttered bread was the perfect contrast of texture for all the ingredients inside. Side fries were crispy and yummy too. 10/10
Mac & cheese with crawfish: Added crawfish for an extra $5 and I'm so glad I did! They were so generous with the portion and I could taste the freshness of the meat. The green onion cut the fattiness of the cheese perfectly and the crumbs in touch added a much needed crunchy texture. This was an excellent dish. 10/10
Seafood salad: Packed with crab and shrimp, this salad was filling and flavorful. Other than the fact that the dressing was pretty oily, it was good. 7/10Let's preface this with we go out to eat A LOT. Went here because we saw a write up in Where Yat magazine. They must have paid them to write a great review because it was uninspiring. Granted, it is neat and hip on the inside but the food is poor. The shrimp rings were clever and good, but the burgers (This and That) were glorified McDonalds sized with too much salt. The fries tasted like fast food reheated drive-up food. Sadly the best thing was the go cup. Don't recommend. Get a much better burger at Brown Butter or PhUnbeatable happy hour from 3-6! The Korean fries are delicious, the wings are huge. The wedge salad (which is in the shape of a circle) is also fantastic. The happy hour sliders change every day and are only 99 cents each. On this day the sliders were roast beef debris with French fries which is my favorite poboy! I'll be back to try more things.After getting glowing reviews about this place (It's been open a week), I tried it out. 
"This" burger, with foie gras butter and pickled onion, and 2 patties was..... 
Disappointing. 
Wet, a bit raw in the middle of the patties, the pickled onion was a non-factor (no flavor), the butter just made it wet, no real flavor profile. The bun was good, but too soggy to pick up. Had to cut it into pieces, and eat it with a fork. 
The fries were not brown at all, warm, but had good taste. 
The corn dog "elote"?
Yeesh!  That's bad. The dog was greasy, the  crumbs on it were falling off, and the mayo/cayenne was again, tasteless. 
I took two bites and was done.
It's a nice looking restaurant, and clean. 
Needs work.We are visiting from San Antonio, TX & were looking for good restaurant in the Garden District - this is definitely a place we will come back to.  Great Service & exquisite food in a casual setting.Amazing! Seriously such a good atmosphere and the food and drinks match.  One of the best happy hours in New Orleans and the sliders are insane.  Im not even a pimento cheese girl but damn I ordered two.  Highly recommend! Good for a date or a group, good for lunch or dinner, all around fan.I've been an obsessive NOLA visitor (truly an aspiring New Orleanian) since 2006.  My bestie &  braved a VERY smelly Uber in order to have the infamous $0.25 martinis at the Commander's Place.    Unfortunately (or maybe fortunately),  shorts at a CP lunch are a big no no...   An adventure down Magazine Street lead us to a frozen Pim's Cup nirvana!  Jordan, our adorable bartender, was awesome!  After a couple of wedge salads, he created a couple of strawberry basil cocktails that were phenomenal!  Mixology lives on Magazine Street at Warbucks!Magazine street has been needing a place like this! Warbucks has quickly become one of my new regular spots. 
The atmosphere is super fun! It's colorful with lots to look at, but the space is big and there's a nice amount of room between tables so you don't feel crowded. There are lots of lovely plants and a big and inviting bar. 
The food is tasty, and really inexpensive!! I was super surprised. They have some fun and unusual dishes like shrimp rings and charred octopus red beans. I think some of the dishes could use a bit more refinement, but they're fantastic for the price! The black pepper pappardelle was perfect - I highly recommend. 
The drinks were good too, and I really like that you can order carafes of wine which equate to "two glasses and lagniappe."Both the "This" and that burger are both worthwhile to try in your search for the best burger in New Orleans.  This burger with the fois grass feed butter is kinda like a southern style steak meets burger.  And that burger is a traditional american cheese burger.  Very cool bar, nice vibe, its a good addition to the many restaurants on magazine St., since its more of a traditional american type food spot, with a little funk.I'm really happy to see this spot occupied again. Stopped in for happy hour and enjoyed their wine on tap. We shared an amazing strawberry salad and the pork belly appetizer, both were delicious. The staff were lovely and attentive. I would def return to this laid back yet chic atmosphere.Let me start off by saying the food is great. I went with a group of eight people, and most of us got the burgers, and it was sublime. I got the "This" burger, which is the one with the pickled onions and the foie gras burger, and it was so juicy and fulfilling, the perfect burger to satisfy a craving. 
But, in a world where more people are leaning towards veganism and vegetarianism, this lace just does not cater. Even the vegetable dishes would have meat in them. I.e., my friend's strawberry salad had chicken in it. She barely was able to eat because there was such a lack of options. And yes, I know, there is no requirement for restaurants to include options for other dietary needs, but offering them shows inclusivity and thought behind the restaurant.
Another star was deducted for SERVICE. It was terrible! We sat at our table for 10 minutes before someone even approached us and told us we would be served. I was with friends, and normally we fill wait times up with conversations, but we found ourselves waiting and waiting on service. Water was never filled, they ended up just giving us bottles so we could service ourselves. We waited for our food for about 20 minutes, and after eating waited another 15 to get the check. I understand it's a new restaurant, but it was just simple terrible. Another point is that the restaurant is quite small, so it wasn't like they were too spread out. 
Other than those two factors, I'd recommend coming for the food. Everything we had was delicious, if only they had more options and better service.