Always great food and a wonderful happy hour.  Really solid drinks and service.Wayfare is so cute! I recently went for a first date and was pleasantly surprised. At first I thought, ok sandwiches for dinner is kinda lame, but Wayfare was a nice, quiet and intimate setting. We went on a weeknight and it wasn't busy, though he did may a reservation. There are icicle lights lining the windows so the mood was slightly romantic, but still casual. 
We made it in time for their happy hour, which ends at 7pm. They had cocktail, beer, and wine specials. And the fries are also on happy hour. They have a fairly large selection of drinks, but I was in the mood for wine and ordered a glass of the Malbec. He got the Moscow mule which came in a cute copper mug, but I didn't get to try it.
We shared the fries and mac and cheese. The fries were thickly cut and came in a basket with an interesting sauce. I think it was sriracha mayo. I thought it tasted strange at first, but it grew on me and ended up complementing the thick fries well. I was really excited about the mac and cheese, but was underwhelmed. It was too dry for my liking. It's baked, with lots of bread crumbs cooked on top. Maybe it was the type of cheese that caught me off guard. I don't know what it was.  
I had the BL(fg)T sandwich, since I had read good reviews. I really liked the flavor. The fried green (fg) tomato is a nice touch. I put the pickles into the sandwich, which balanced out the flavors. The bacon and fried tomato can get a little heavy, it was nice to have the pickles to lighten it up. The sandwiches come with very thin fried potato slices/chips.They may be over fried, but I really liked the texture. 
Previous reviews had complained about service, but we didn't have any problems. Our waitress didn't check in on us much, but we were pretty low maintenance. Overall, average food and nice ambience. I'd definitely come back and would recommend it for a first date.Second time to visit this place while in NOLA. Their happy hour (3-6, 7 days a week) is outstanding. Great deals on bar food, cocktails and beer. Meat pies are the best! You get 3 for $4 during happy hour. Also ordered duck fat fries which were perfectly cooked- crisp on outside and creamy soft on inside. Love this place!Absolutely love this place! They have the best homemade hot sauce I wanted a bottle. I would totally come back here - you can't go wrong.OK, so maybe I'm missing something because I've read all the awesome reviews, and I just don't get it! I wanted to like this place, but can't say I did. Ambience, yes Wayfare had ambience in abundance, from the concrete floors to the wood ceilings, but I was hungry and concrete wasn't going to hit the spot. The food wasn't spectacular actually it was quite mediocre, and pricey for what it was. I wouldn't mind the price had it been as awesome as some reviews lead me to believe. Perhaps I ordered the wrong sandwich and soup choice! However I won't have the chance to find out as in the future I would only return to sit at the bar and have a few drinks. The wine was excellent!!My husband and I came here after an awesome Yelp event to get our nosh on.
We had the three-cheese cheese plate (we went with "chef's choice" rather than choosing ourselves) and I couldn't resist trying the meat pies.
The cheese plate was really, really good.  The chef brought it out and described each cheese.  It was a nice variety: a soft brie, a hard manchego, and an amazing bleu cheese.  All of the cheeses were excellent.  The plate came with candied pecans, pears, dried cranberries, and slices of baguette.
The meat pies were excellent and had a nice spice.
The chardonnay I ordered was fabulous.
I will be back to try the sandwiches, which were huge and looked delicious.
Also, I think they stole my iPod, because the music selection was awesome.I went today, and was very pleased with my meal. I ordered an aperol spritzer as a drink, and then for my entree ordered the Porchetta sandwhich on a pretzel roll rather than the hoagie roll they suggested. The pork belly in the sandwhich was paired amazingly with the salsa verde. I finished with the bread oudding beignets which were fantastic as well. Overall great meal, will defnitely be returning.Amazing. Food, service, and drinks are always good. The Knuckle is a solid go-to, and the Brussel Sprouts are a great appetizer. Love this place!Very good sandwiches. Skip the cheese plate.This is a popular place, with reason. It follows a fail-proof formula: good food at a good price.I really loved Wayfare! It is probably my new favorite place to eat on Freret Street!
You order at the cash register, sit down, and they bring you your order. The servers are very nice and friendly and they refill your drinks when needed.
It is very modern inside of the restaurant.
I have gone two times in the past week.
The first time I went, I got the Frito taco meat pies as an appetizer. They were really good and I liked the cheese dipping sauce it came with. The second time I went, I got the pork and shrimp meat pies. It tasted very similar to a fried dumpling you would get at a dim sum restaurant. I thought these were also delicious. it came with a soy sauce dipping sauce which went nicely with the the pork & shrimp meat pies.
The first time I went, I got the fennel sausage and egg sandwich.... it was AMAZING. I think it was my first time eating anything with fennel in it and I really liked it. The bell peppers and the sunny-side egg complimented the fennel sausage nicely. I also liked the bread that it came on. The second time I went, I got the prochetta sandwich. I was not as amazed by this sandwich as I was with the fennel sausage, that is why I did not give Wayfare 5 stars. The prochetta sandwich wasn't as hot as I expected it to be. I may have to try it hot pressed next time to change my opinion. It also seemed like they drenched the sandwich in some sauce and I was not a big fan of that.
The bread pudding beignet was delicious! It was the best of both worlds. it was fried like a beignet but it still had the amazing and yummy bread pudding taste.
Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for something new on Freret Street.Got the wayfare burger and it was delicious. Staff was very friendly and service was quick. Also located in a neat location to walk around.WORST SERVICE EVER. Maybe not ever, but definitely the worst that I have experienced in a long time. 
A friend and I went for an early dinner on a Friday night because their food looked good and they had a great happy hour special on drinks. We came in and the layout was seat yourself so we sat down at a table in the center of the restaurant, not in a back corner or an area that was hidden in any way. 3 separate servers walked by our table multiple times within a 10 minute period without a word or any attempt to bring us water or menus. I eventually had to get up and ask someone if we order elsewhere because I could not think of a reason for being completely ignored by staff at a restaurant. The woman I asked was rude and dismissive, completely unacceptable in that situation. 
Eventually we tracked down our waitress and got in our drink orders. We waited at least another 15 minutes for our drinks, including water. The restaurant was not packed by any means and she was not the only one working. Eventually we ordered and surprisingly, our food came out in a timely manner. 
I ordered the salmon melt and my friend ordered the chicken dijon sandwich. Her's was definitely the better choice. Our waitress did not come by once during our meal, we again had to track her down to order a second round of drinks. The only time we did not have to seek her out was when she was bringing the check. The one positive thing about this experience was a good, strong margarita. 
The reason I am only giving one star is for the absolutely atrocious service and simply mediocre food. I will definitely not be coming back to Wayfare anytime soon and I would encourage other people to seek out better restaurants in the New Orleans area, there is no shortage of them.I work hard to be absolutely fair about my reviews - I want to find good in NOLA eateries.  Therefore, I will start with the good here - the service was good and helpful an honestly, I love the local food vibe and atmosphere.  However, the review should be about the food... 
We just left and had a very very underwhelming meal.  We started with an order of two 'special sliders' and each had an entree salad (or so I thought).   Mine was the signature Wayfare salad and hers the tuna salad.  
Sliders - when you call something a slider and put two on the plate for 12 bucks, you ought deliver some substance.  Instead they were very messy an almost impossibly to eat stacks of a single slice of fried tomato and some breakfast gravy.  My wife didn't finish hers but I did as I was very hungry an anticipated a salad for my main.  Best part of the slider was the bun - great pretzel bun!
So onto the salad - hers was the tuna salad. It came with four very small slices of tuna and the balance was essentially a green salad. When I asked her what she thought her response was: "meh."  Not nearly the value touted in the menu and it suffered the same problems as mine. 
I had the Wayfare salad.  Meh would have been a compliment.  It was sold as containing tomatoes, mozzarella cheese, orange slices, olives and lettuce with a light orange citrus vinaigrette.  Here is the inventory of the salad (as it was so lacking I counted each piece):
Olive halves (calamata): 6
Tomato halves (grape): 6
Orange slices (mandarin):4
Mozzarella (fresh): 3 balls (this was appropriate)
The it was a bowl of under dressed romaine and that's it.  The server had up sold me on having salami because people sometimes want to add "substance". I did not realize how literal she would be.  Without that it would have been nearly nothing for my lunch. With that the price of the salad went up and I was barely able to get a lunch out of it.  
Again I try to be charitable and only review like this when I have and extremely poor experience. At $54 for lunch after tip it was just way too expensive for not much to eat. I would heavily advise this place is a "form over substance" place and is not worth the money. In so far as the service goes, she was excellent but I don't go to a place for the service alone they have to serve me food I will come back for.Had a great dinner at Wayfare. I had chicken Dijon Sandwich and sub chip for salad. This is one of the best sandwiches I have ever tried in New Orleans. Pretzel bun, arugula, olive, avocado and chicken combination was amazing! Very satisfying, great dish. I enjoyed their Sweet potato hot sauce on the table as well. I don't think I have tried something similar to that before. 
The dinning area as well as the full bar is very eye catchy and nice. Great for friends and date nights! Place has plenty of space to accommodate groups as well. 
Service was great too. The waitress came over multiple times to make sure that we were doing good. Food waiting time was reasonable as well
Can't ask for more from this place. Would definitely come here again. Shame on me for finally finding this place now!!I feel like I don't come to Wayfare often enough.  It's a great restaurant with a really great happy hour every day from 3-6pm.  At happy hour the wine and beer are half off and starters are also half off.  Their best kept secret is that have the best hot sauce around! It's their sweet potato habanero hot sauce. It goes with everything they serve plus they sell jars of it. You should definitely buy a jar, or a few and give them as gifts.  
I've always enjoyed my drinks here and the food. They had an eggplant melanzane sandwich once on special and I swear it's the best sandwich I have ever had. I wish they would make it a regular menu item.  
If you haven't already been to Wayfare give them a try, and I hope you enjoy it there as much as I do!My partner and I were very impressed the first time we went to this place and now we're going back almost every week. We always order off of the specials menu. Whoever is in the kitchen making this up has an awesome pallet and must love inventing new combinations; the specials may have some repeating ingredients but damn, each week we're very impressed! Some favorites off the specials, the sliders, often with pulled pork are amazing. These change up quite a bit and it's insane the flavor combos we've had. The other is a veggie option, the eggplant sandwich. Often you'll see one on the specials menu and they do this right! The meat pies on the specials menu are on point. They're like empanadas, but we don't always have the appetite for an entree. Never make it to desert. The beer draft selection is great and happy hour runs to 7pm. Can't beat that!Awesome food and service. Turkey sandwich was one of the best I've had- used local cheesemongers for 2 yr old white cheddar. This place has awesome beer and wine too. Sandwiches and salads. Good vibe.Had Wine and Brussel Sprouts @happyhour for less than $10! Brussel Sprouts were amazing!!! (The portion is pretty big!)This place just opened and it is quickly becoming one of my favorites. I have eaten there twice in the last week. 
Mac & Cheese: super cheesy, super delicious
Turkey Sandwich: Common sandwich but Wayfare does a great job of making it their own (add avocado). 
Porchetta Sandwich: absolutely delicious and highly recommended. 
The bread is something really remarkable. 
Check out the Bar Fare as well. Cheese and Meat plates looked great!Uptown is not easy to get to from the suburbs but the trip to Wayfare was 200% worth it. First I would like to say that i ate at the bar and the 2 girls there were great conversationalists. I had the Margarita sandwich, added soppressata, plus a side of the pork
Studded Mac n Cheese.  The sandwich was fresh and clean and the Mac was full of flavor.  Plus the house chips were perfect. The great staff suggested the sweet potato- habanero pepper purée was a great compliment to the chips. I work in the BOH and my friends always say that I am picky when it comes to eating out. That's true.  So after the meal, expensive, I have found a great place to bring my visiting friends and it's worth all the pennies!Loved everything about Wayfare!  I ordered the Reuben sandwich on gluten free bread.  Let me tell you this is a rare find to have an awesome gluten free sandwich.  I switched the sauerkraut for coleslaw on top of the sandwich, which was no problem.  I'm not a huge fan of sauerkraut.  I also bought some sweet potato habanero sauce to take home with me.  I'm from IL, but my brother lives in the Garden district.  I don't know if I would have ventured off of Magazine St. if my brother wasn't a local, but local or not, everyone should go visit Wayfare for lunch.Great happy hour. 50% off  bar and appetizers. Cant beat that my drink was yummy.  And my calamari was pretty good i left full.Being a vegan and eating in New Orleans can be challenging. Wayfare was knowledgable, friendly, and accommodating. Not only do they offer a hard-to-find variety of fresh and local healthy foods, but they are simply made and easy to tweak to be vegan. The staff was so helpful and checked-in with me several times to ensure I had exactly what I requested. What a great dining experience. The peanut butter and banana 'Elvis' special was to die for.Andrea is awesome. Ask for her. Best service in town. 
The food rocks. The drinks are yummy.This building looks like it is big, but it doesn't really have that many seats. On a Friday lunch we had to wait about 20 minutes for a seat (which really cuts into the lunch hour) and then service was a tad slow. All three of us ordered iced teas and mom and I opted for the Chicken Parm sliders while the sister got the Fried BLT. Each entree came with a side salad which was a surprise.
I didn't get to sample the friend BLT b/c it had onions on it (ewwwwwwww) but my sister seemed to enjoy it.
We also opted to order the Kurobuta Mac & Cheese to split amongst the three of us and it was delicious!
If the service was a bit quicker, it would be great. I asked for my check once the food came....and the check didn't come until way after I was done eating.
I also thought it was weird that my sister got her sandwich first....then 5 mins later I got my sliders....then 5 mins later mom got her sliders...
Who does that?Had to be one of the best places that I've went to in a while that had great drinks and flavorful food. The service was very nice. Very attentive and helpful with recommendations. I was with a group of friends and we just shared everything to try it. Drinks were cheap since it was happy hour. Food was delicious and we also decided to get dessert as well. The brownie was my favorite. If I give a place 5 stars they had to satisfy me all around. Service, appearance, food, & drinks. This place was up there on my list.I've been sitting on this review for a week and I think that I am going to go with 3.25 stars.
I really like this place. It has a cool atmosphere and the staff is super attentive and friendly. I went in and I was told to just seat myself. It's an "informal" kind of atmosphere; the menus are in a bucket on the table along with the forks and knives, which was oddly off putting.. 
I wasn't super hungry, so I just decided on a bowl of mac and cheese which was $5. It was really good, and if I go back that is probably what I will get. Looking over the menu, the sandwiches just seem kind of expensive to me., I caught a glimpse of other people's and they didn't look like anything overly special. I know I have to actually try one for myself. Maybe I am really missing out, but I was happy with my mac and cheese and that was that.Took my grandparents here when they visited from out of town and it was fantastic. The chef came out and talked to us enthusiastically about the specials and everything sounded very good. The white bean gazpacho special was delicious. And homemade pickles, mmmm. They are also usually an "order at the counter" place, but because we had a larger party and it wasn't super busy, they gave us table service. Very cute inside, great concept, and plenty of veggie options (plus everything is clearly marked!)I've tried:
mac and cheese - delicious and i LOVE mac and cheese. one of the best city and at only four dollars for a decent serving, not bad at all.
meat pies - ok, would order again. i think it's like six dollars for 3
sausage shaped like a burger and fried egg sandwich - good, filling, would rec'd sharing. i will likely order again.
fried green tomato sandwich and bacon? - good but not amazing. wish it was on a different bread that wasn't as thick
pork belly sandwich - good, but wish there was a little bit more meat and not as much bread
some salad that has bbq pork and pickled veggies with a coleslaw type of dressing. pretty good but a little expensive at ten plus dollars for the size. wish there was a little more lettuce. good with mac and cheese.
chips are made in house
they also have a sweet potato hot sauce like butcher. it's good but not as spicy and sweet as butcher's, but i still liked it and it taste good with the chips
fried apple fritters - good, i think it was served with ice cream. wish they had chocolate chip cookies for dessert or something a little smaller after those big sandwiches.
i still want to try a bunch of their small plates too.
It's the Butcher of uptown, not as good but worth going to and i plan to go back againEh, more like a 3.6.
Lunched there and overall, it was a good experience. We ordered the cured meat sandwich and smoked salmon salad. The sandwich did it's job by curing my empty stomach. Smoked salmon salad was also good. The smoked salmon was just okay, but the fresh cucumbers in the salad made it extra refreshing! 
One con: I was so looking forward to the squash soup because I loveeee soup, but was really disappointed when it came out! It was so salty, my throat burned every time I took a spoonful. I'm pretty sure all the cells inside my throat suffered crenation from that salty, hypertonic soup. I hate wasting food and was trying to finish it but HAD to call it quits because it was so salty. If they had just held back on the salt, the soup would have tasted amazing. 
Still, staff was friendly. I'd come again for lunch.The cocktails were delicious. We purchased the $30 flight and the presentation was beautiful. From the taste was refreshing and delightful. BUT the service was absolutely terrible. It took an hour for us to get our food. This is the only complaint that i have. And this is the reason why i gave it 4 stars. If the service was better thy would get a 5Last night at dinner I was thoroughly impressed not only with the food and wine and ambiance created by Wayfare, but also the knowledgeable staff and seamless service. Remarkable for a restaurant that literally just opened its doors. I wouldn't change a thing about my beet salad (bleu cheese had the right amount of zing and the dill was a refreshing addition) and my side dish of marinated yellow and red bell peppers was a mini flavor explosion (equal notes of sweet and sour). My favorite wine was a fruit-forward Spanish red wine by the glass (El seque Monastrell). Part of me doesn't want to spread the word about this amazing little gem - to keep it a secret so that I won't have to fight crowds for my future sandwich and salad needs. But that would be selfish. Go check this spot out. I will be returning very soon with family and friends.Came here based on the advice of some friends. I had to get take out since I couldn't eat there today. Looked at the specials for the day and decided on the beet sliders. On the menu, it was described as: Roasted Beet w/ Vidalia Onion, Goat Cheese, Toasted Walnut, Arugula & Shaved Red Onion, Apple Butter on Pretzel Roll with House-Made Chips and Pickles for $12. Seriously, who can pass that up?
Waitress told me 15-20 mins on the phone so I pulled up exactly 13 mins later. Went inside and paid without a hitch. 
So why only 3 stars? For starters, the sliders were actually cold when I ate them. Tossed haphazardly in the box, it was obvious it wasn't made with a lot of love. For $12 for two small sliders, I was expecting a little more pizzazz to the handling. 
Nonetheless, I bit into the sliders and did enjoy the freshness of the ingredients. Love the way everything tasted together. Since beets are a relatively new ingredient to me, I'm amazed by all the wonderful things people do with them! But the apple butter was kinda congealing on my sandwich which wasn't very appealing. 
Chips were obviously homemade (also cold- read no longer crispy) so that was a disappointment. Pickles were cut up and not the dill flavor I expected. It had a lot of sweetness to them and only consisted of 4 small slices. 
So honestly, my overall rating is 3 stars because of the originality of their dishes. And the flavors were great. But the price is high for the amount you get. (Inhaled my two sliders and chips and I'm still starving.) And who wants cold food when I timed the pick up so it would still be hot?
Maybe I'll go back with friends and dine in to see if this was a one-time thing. But I know I'm never getting takeout from this place again.If you're not good at waiting tables dude, then maybe you should be a bit more pleasant to interact w and not try to sit peoples next to a table with three children when the place is empty. Also dude bartender, if you're a manager, quit yelling at your server to run her food and do it for her. She's away she has food in the window. Be helpful not a douche bag. If the men keep ruining my experience, I'll have to stop coming here. Also, bring back the bar food and starters happy hour!!Wow - this little sandwich shop hits the nail on the head.
On the face of it mixing sandwiches and cocktails is not the most intuitive choice - low and highbrow in one - it really works when done well.
Went for a dinner recently and ordered a few drinks along with the fennel sausage and egg sandwich at the counter.  SO went for the italian meat sandwich. We also got some arancina from the bar snacks menu - fried risotto balls stuffed with mozzarella.  Took our number to the table and food and drinks arrived quickly.  The arancina were nice - although I caught a wiff of some mac & cheese going to another table that made me instantly wish I had ordered that instead.  The sandwiches followed and I was very impressed with both.  The fennel sausage and egg was a little difficult to handle but tasted superb and the italian meats were great - the quality of the house charcuterie exceeds its next door neighbor Ancora.
The cocktails (can't remember the names - 1 was a strawberry punch and the other whiskey based) complimented the food nicely.  Was a little worried about having to go back to the counter to order a second round but our waitress quickly offered to put the order in and bring a check to the table.
Definitely another great addition to the Freret Street restaurant rowThis is another great new spot on Freret Street that adds another restaurant twist to the block. It's an order up at the register place where the friendly staff brings you your food at your table. Great for lunch or dinner and the food is all excellent not to mention it's magnificent bar for a drink or drink and meal. A great new addition to New Orleans.I went there with coworkers for the first time yesterday after work. Great happy hour and great food. Service was wonderful, as well. I highly recommend a trip to Freret if you've never checked it out.This is a solid 3 1/2 stars. It's an order-at-the-counter type of classic deli, but with a bar and gourmet sandwiches. We had the Media Dia and the Porchetta (pork belly and carmelized onions), and the kids had the grilled cheese and chicken tenders. A bottle of wine to share was a decent Spanish blend ($26), bringing the total to $70. The Media Dia is a Cuban sandwich with beautifully seasoned pork shoulder, but the mayo was a bit too spicy for my Miami-trained tongue. It's a nice twist on the traditional, just be prepared for the spice. The kids food was gobbled down quickly, which as a parent is always nice to see your kids actually want to eat the food you've spent money for. The Porchetta was killer, and I would highly recommend it. The only drawback is that the servers and girls at the counter didn't know the menu well, so questions were met with a "well, I don't know, but I can go ask" kind of response. Friendly, but uninformed. Being their first day open, and a soft opening at that, it's hard to hold that against them too much. We'll definitely be back to check out the salads as some of those looked like excellent lunch options.This is my second time eating here and it's quickly becoming my favorite restaurant in New Orleans after living and eating here for 3 years. Michelle our server was absolutely spot on! Couldn't have asked for better service. Everything we've ordered has been amazing, sandwiches, entrees, and starters. Great cocktail menu and beer selection. Make sure to try the sweet potato habenero hot sauce. I've bought a jar both times. Keep up the good work, we'll be back!This was our first time in New Orleans, and we were around Tulane area trying to find a cute lunch spot when we happened upon Wayfare. It's cute inside, pretty casual but trendy, and has great service. I got the BL(fg)T, a BLT with fried green tomato. I never have had fried green tomato before and loved it, but the sandwich itself was just okay. My mom ordered the Wayfare Classic Breakfast, which included cheesy grits. Maybe it's just because we're from the North, but we looooved the cheesy grits. Wish we could find more of them up here! The biscuit was too dry and the jam was just okay, though. Overall, good place.Most in inattentive 2 bartenders I've ever experienced. Good selection of beer though.The Cuban is awesome, especially with the habanero sauce. Service was great, highly recommend.This is my third time coming here and so far, I have only been here for lunch and food are great. I have also noticed that they have a good variety of kids menu, which mean I will bring my kid here next time when I am in the area!
Service is nice and friendly. Quality of food is also good too. Their sandwiches are the best with great quality ingredients. However, it's a little pricey but it's worth the try once a while.This place is in rotation for my regular spots. It is doing all the small things right with delicious flavors to great specials and a very friendly staff.
I've officially tried all their sandwiches and I can recommend all of them but I enjoy the knuckle and the media dia the most.
Do yourself a favor and have a side of Mac it's the best in Nola.*vegetarian review*
Came here with 5 other people and both vegetarians left hungry.  They have a few veggie options but the sandwiches are on the small side, at least the caprese sandwich, and the wayfare salad while it was on a huge plate wasn't very big either.  The waitress was struggling with communicating and she didn't know the beers on tap or available and had to come to the table three times to tell us what we had ordered they were out of.  
I was looking forward to trying their tomato confiit bruschetta but it just tasted like cold canned tomatoes on bread.  Their bloody mary was excellent though.  Overall not the place for vegetarians to try out and with such poor service not sure I would take meat eaters here either.This is a good 3 star vote. They are new, so it's understandable that they have a few bugs to work out. 
On the upside, the food is pretty good. House made meats/pickles/sauces are all great. The meat pies had a distinctive Jamaican feel, their sandwiches are all great, the tomato soup is silky and rich, and the beet salad didn't skimp on the bleu cheese and pecans. Quite the tasty meal.*****
The mac and cheese(which is a big seller according to some of their cooks I talked with at a local bar later in the night) is okay. They were honest in the fact that they weren't expecting such a large rush, so they ran out of the normal cheeses. This lead to it not having a deep, sharp flavor. ***
The other odd thing was the way they have you order isn't so great for people that are used to eating out in NOLA. You're gonna be at a place for a few drinks, so ordering upfront when you walk into the door and then later having table service makes tipping a bit confusing. They have a tip jar at the counter, but I'm not gonna tip until I'm satisfied with my meal/service. I'm sure they'll get things figured out as they have only been open a couple of days. Also, no advertising or facebook page to get back in touch with them/promote them.***
The bad. A Dewar's on the rock is $7 and change. Have you ever tried Dewar's? At most it's worth an Abe Lincoln. They bring it to you in a shot glass as if we don't trust their pour, and then pour it over the rocks. Maybe it's about the idea of not wanting it to be too watered down by the time it get's to the patron. If that's the case I suggest using the large balls/blocks of ice instead of crushed ice. Their hand crafted drinks are good, but purposely unpolished. They ask what type of bourbon you'd like in an old fashioned, and then a second choice incase they don't carry that brand. Maybe it would just be better to have a standard version(maybe made with Maker's/Jim Beam), and let the customer decide to ask about using a more expensive type from your list of bourbons. Also, the odd chunks of pulp didn't do it for my buddy who ordered the drink. I love pulp, but there is a reason most juice is pulp free at the store. People don't like it. *I have been to Wayfare five or six times and I have never regretted any of my choices.
Their specials tend to be thoughtful and delicious.  The regular menu is full of great sandwiches.  The grilled cheese with breaded pork and chipotle tomato sauce with caramelized onions and guava butter on sesame seeded bread was really really great!  I have also really enjoyed the panko breaded risotto pancini appetizer.  My favorite dish ever was the Icebox Lemon Pie which was close-your-eyes good!  I will say though that, having had the Reuben today, I'll still go to Stein's for those.  It was good but Stein's is better.
One side note- their house sweet potato habenero sauce is delicious and you would think it was not really hot until you fill four dessert spoons in a row with it.  It catches up to you.This place is just straight up mediocre. Definitely not worth the price of dinner here. I'd only consider coming back for happy hour. They need to either lower their prices or raise the quality of ingredients they use.This place was wonderful. I wish I could remember her name but our waitress was on her A+ game last Saturday night. They make their own a fresh cut potato chips which is definitely something you need to order, they are delicious!! Our sandwiches and  kebabs were all cooked and made perfectly and were greatly enjoyed. We love everything.Been meaning to hit this place for a while and I finally got the chance for brunch. It's a little pricey, but the food was totally worth it. I got the pain Perdue (French toast). It was light and airy, very different from traditional French toast. The sauce was not too sweet and the stone ground grits were unbelievable. I tried the chicken biscuit as well and it was perfection. Can't wait to go back here again.The "Bacon & Eggs" slider was a real treat. Braised and smoked crispy Kurobuta Pork Belly with a deviled egg salad took this mental image of Bacon & Eggs to new heights. Unfortunately I ate it before I could take a photo. I was there between the rush so the chef was able to come out and chat. He insisted I have the bread pudding dessert to the point of sending one to the table. Boy am I glad he did. It too was a well known dish exceeding expectation!!!Went for tomato soup and grilled cheese. It was excellent. Waitress was attentive but not too pushy and quiet but fun atmosphere.  They did charge me like $10 for the grilled cheese, which is technically not a regular menu item but on the kids menu. They did me a favor and it was really good. I would suggest they have a tomato soup and grilled cheese special, it's an excellent combo.Had their pork belly Gnocchi... it was soo good and felt naughty eating it haha. Finished with bread pudding beignets, I've now died and gone to heaven. R. I. P. To me...Absolutely amazing for brunch, lunch and happy hour! Basically, if Wayfare is open and you're hungry, you should give it a try.Such great food and service. Love the pulled pork giardiniera salad. Nothing I've had has been less than top notch. A must do.This place is AWESOME. I love High Hat but this was WAY better. Can't wait to go back. I wish I could give it more than five stars. 
The menu looked so good the biggest problem we had was trying to figure out what to order. My wife and I ended up getting the pomme frites, Asian brussel sprouts, bacon mac and cheese, and the Knuckle sandwich to split. Tons of food but we couldn't decide. Everything we ate was amazing. We got the chicken tenders for my daughter and they brought out the best breaded chicken cutlets I've ever had. 
Great service, great food.Cheers to the only Cajun meal that I had this weekend. Wayfare is a wine hub, family restaurant, and foodie's mecca all rolled into one spot. It's in this cute historic, upscale, neighborhood and everything about the place from the sweet regulars that make conversation with you, to the natural light and rustic decor make you fall in love with it. I ordered the shrimp pasta and my sweet goodness gracious, it was such an extraordinary delight. The portion is so large that you can finish it over 3 meals (so for $23, that's a major steal) and the flavors from the light spices, peppers, shrimp, pasta, and other meats that are included all make it a hearty and tasty meal. Overall, I was blown away by the great food, people and pleasantly surprised when the manager sent me off with a sweet message and an invitation to come again. There's no doubt about it - I'll definitely be back here and would highly - 10/10 - recommend this place!No more fighting at this boxing gym as Freret Renaissance reclamation has transitioned the building to the next new wave of eateries on this street. However, the primitive aura of this former gym/boxing arena has been converted to a slick, bistro look similar to many these days.  Purple and green walls are topped by a ceiling of traditional floor treatment, polished wood, while the floors are a functional concrete.  The main dining room is overlooked by a towering light bulb sign, bearing the restaurant's name, positioned above the curing room's window.  My only fault with the look is the emphasis on functionality over aesthetics, especially at the entrance lobby plus the main dining room would be substantially enhanced/better served with a banquette along the main wall.  
Chef Kevin Smith, with great credentials, has elevated the sandwich based menu with unusual treatments of standards plus the ambitious addition of the largest number, usually 8-10, of varying daily specials across all menu categories. 
Let's start with the printed menu:
APPETIZERS/Bar Fare -
Arancini (fried, risotto balls) stuffed withj mozzarella and dipping sauce;  Mediterranean Olive medley; Meat pie(three fried crescents with dill dipping); Sliders; Cheese and Charcuterie boards ( I recommended a combo board).  The last four items of which are constantly changing and are exemplified in the daily specials menu later in this article.
SOUPS, another of Chef's pride items, include the overutilized Roasted Tomato & basil with chef's twist, including white wine and a du jour sampled on the specials menu.
Four SALADS are offered: a seared salmon or a gardiniere pork- both of which I have not sampled; signature, Wayfare, featuring a house pulled mozzarella (WOW), kalamatas, tomatoes, and seasonal blood orange fruit and drizzle; and, my favorite, roasted beet with maytag bleu cheese, spiced pecans and dill.
ENTRÉE SANDWICHES - 
The nine printed are paired with varied breads to really distinguish their look/contents.  The most popular, Knuckle, holds cold roast beef, shoestring potato crisps, and pickled red onion between the fab looking/tasting pretzel bun smeared with aioli horseradish.  The next most sold is the Media Dia (Chef's Cuban homage) filled with black forest ham, salami, orange mojo pork, swiss, jalapenos , charred onions, homemade pickles and yellow mustard.  Rolled, roast turkey has white cheddar, oven roasted tomato, red onion, spicy mayo and salsa verde aioli smear, between caraway toast. The remaining six of which I have not yet tried are: cured meats on pistolette; Porchetta (pork belly) on hoagie; pulled chicken Dijon on ciabatta; fennel sausage & egg on ciabatta; BL(fg)T(fried green tomato on 7 grain - note this features Chef's own sweet potato hot sauce to be retailed shortly; and, the Reuben on rye. Also, check out the specialties of the day menu to add two more sandwiches.
DESSERTS - Three on menu and also some on the specialties du jour menu:
Lemon Ice Box pie - a tasty dollop, thank goodness not too sweet; Hot Empanadas style Apple pie with vanilla ice cream; bread pudding beignets sprinkled with rum crème Anglaise and topped with blue berries- looking like a brownie.
As we earlier wrote, the following example from the day of my visit represents the expansive daiy list of specialties to supplement the menu: Apps - Boudin arancini; Coulibiac of Salmon Meat pie; brushettas of maytag bleu cheese & honey, tomato confit, and chick pea & hummus; Soups - gingery squash;  Sandwiches - Pear with apple onion chutney, walnuts bleu, arugula, red onion on focaccia  - sounds like a salad on bread, Mortadella topped by BBQ sauce coleslaw, cheddar on sesame seed Pullman, teriyaki salmon burger on brioche bun, Sliders - chicken Waldorf on pretzel bun; Desserts - goat cheese stuffed,  poached pear w red wine gastrique - a simple, but beautiful presentation and taste.
A good idea to end your sojoun @ WAYFARE!Wife and I went here yesterday.
Atmosphere was pretty cool but the whole order at the counter thing always throws me off a bit at restaurants like this.
Food was solid.  I ordered the Prochetta with a side of mac and cheese.  Sandwich was good and so was the mac and cheese.  Nothing stellar but good.  My wife ordered the Roast Turkey with a side of potato salad.  Again nothing stellar but it was good.  The chips served with the sandwich were gross.
Beer selection was solid.  Nice selection.  The wine selection I could give two craps about.  
The price was in my opinion on the higher side of what I would normally want to pay.  Came out to about $35.
Overall nothing really blew me away here and the price of the food didn't jive with the quality.  
I'm still going to give it a 4 star rating because why punish them because I'm a cheap ass.Had brunch there last Saturday. The chicken biscuit. Chicken was leathery and over cooked. Biscuit was dry. Over all not a very good experience. Will not be going back.Went to Wayfare with my daughter and a friend. Ordered the Cuban and the Vegetarian sandwiches. The Cuban is a hot panini style sandwich that the waiter described as "the best in Nola." It was a filling high quality sandwich but I thought the mustard flavor was overwhelming and dominated the flavor. Did not finish it. Would not order it again.
Had a couple of bites of the Vegetarian and I thought it was good with nice flavor. Preferred it to the Cuban despite the fact I have never ordered a "vegetarian" anything at a restaurant. Felt like the lunch was over priced and I wouldn't go back until I've tried several other places.After reading the reviews of this place I was pretty disappointed with my visit here.  I have celiac, so I was excited to actually get to eat a sandwich in New Orleans for once. We walked in and were seated right away. I asked our server which things on the menu were gluten free. She went to check and then came back and told me the macaroni and cheese was gluten free. I was super excited until another server came over and said that was not true. Then I ordered a sandwich on gluten free bread. When the food came, my sandwich was on raisin bread. I am not a fan. They should definitely specify on the menu that the gf bread is a sweet bread, and not a normal bread. Service was good, minus the false advertising of gf mac and cheese. Probably won't be returning.I had Wayfare cater an event for me this weekend and not only was the food DELICIOUS but the chef, manager and staff were incredibly nice and so helpful. They prepared all the food and had it ready for us during their busy dinner rush without any hesitation. We had the arancini balls,  meat pies and bruschetta and it was all amazing. Can't wait to go back and try their other menu items. Thanks Wayfare!I got the beet salad. It was really yummy. I was disappointed though that their Mac n cheese had meat in it (why do people do that?!) because the photos on here looked so good. #vegetarianptoblems :/
Atmosphere was cool. Not crowded at all on a Sunday afternoon. They had drink specials, but I stuck with water.Awesome Service, Ambiance, Food and Bar!  Perfect place for lunch, after dinner cocktails or a date night.  Mac and Cheese is delish and home made pickles are tasty!The roast turkey and Knuckle sandwiches are very good. A butternut squash grilled cheese sandwich was just okay. It was hard to actually taste the cheese and the bread was not crisp.This experience and food was sooooo disappointing. Saw the wonderful reviews for brunch and wanted to eat here- but was only available to come for dinner.. First off, the place was empty, which was not a good sign. The server couldn't even open a bottle of wine, obviously young and had no experience. My husband had to do the task.  She recommended nachos, which were very salty and had a ton of jalapeños and red onions on them. Hardly any cheese. Had to request extra side of cheese. Would not recommend this dish. My husband ordered a burger which he prefers to eat medium rare- -came out well done +, I ordered tomato basil soup and a margarita sandwich, Sandwich was good. The soup was just ok. College kids came into the bar and were very loud.  Staff drinking off of the tap beer fountain. Football Sunday and they had the Simpsons on TV and not the football game. Only three tables eating on a Sunday night.  When  I finally have a "day off" I want to have a memorable meal. This at best- was "carnival food". Sorry we wasted our time here and will not be back. Would not recommend. As leaving, passed by the High Hat Cafe and they were beyond packed and busy...We would of had a better meal and ambiance if we just stayed at home. I see a lot of good reviews on here- but apparently these people have never come on a Sunday night- stay away....And by the way- there is a post below this one with a picture of nachos- our looked nothing like that picture, it only came with jalapeños, red onions and a little cheese..Great lunch spot, especially if you plan on having a cocktail or two. Menu is amazing at first but gets repetitive if you live in the neighborhood.Awesome food as always! I highly recommend the BLT, which has a fried green tomato on it.Another regular spot I go to...
Next to the food, the other thang I really like about here is the napkins..  They're quality!  Enough to start a list ;)
Lately, it has gotten a little more formal in that you use to be able to order / pay at the counter, take a number and call it a day.. 
Now they sit you down, bring the menus, the whole production.  To be honest I preferred the old procedure.
Albeit, my standard "go to's" are the Knuckle sandwich.  I also enjoy the Cured Meats...
Their "specials" are usually very good also.
This is a solid place to go for lunch.We have been here twice and each time it was good.  The service is friendly and quick and the food is creative and tasty.  What a great find, we will sure be back.  
The Mac and Cheese is creamy and delicious, the sandwiches are flavorful and filling.Incredible food. Specialty cocktails are unique and delicious. Lots of different beers on tap to try.Hands down THE best BLT I've ever laid my lips on...and that my friend is a very long list. The kickers are the fried green tomato and the house-made sweet potato hot sauce - OH MY GOD it's good!! The textures and flavors blend to perfection...even the bread is specially selected. They use Kurobuta bacon which is apparently the Kobe beef of bacon (I think the pig goes to a spa immediately before sacrificing it's life for my sandwich so it dies happy). At any rate, I will die happy if I can score a BL(fg)T  from the Wayfare as my last meal. Oh, the beer selection was great too - I had a nice stout.
We took our bikes on the bus from Canal St. and rode about 1/3 of a mile to the restaurant on  Frerret. After lunch, we rode out to Audubon Park intending to take the bus back and keep our overall ride down to about 5 miles. Well, we were misdirected about where to catch the bus going rhe opposite direction and ended up riding all the way back to the Treme which made for a very long ride - and I would do it all again for this sandwich from heaven.The "old" Freret Boxing Gym has been turned into an open inviting space that to me both preserved the ethos of what that blessed business (service?) once stood as a gateway for and, with its minimal pretense and well-spent decoration dollars refuses the "holier (or whiter) than-thou"-itude of many of its "NF" neighbors.  I brought my dog and sat outside, but inside the interior was clearly designed not only to proudly display the foodstuffs, the pristine and fervent (and surprisingly technical) work buzzing in the open kitchen, but with a wide open bar (big enough to hold plates and drinks but also usable for whatever lagniappe multitasking people and/or slobs like to get into) the whole space invites you to really pay attention to what's on your plate.
The duJour ("Dujour means Friendship."  Full Dis: i've known the Chef for about a decade.) soup was a yellow split pea which, aghast, made my pea-hating compatriot regret ordering the not-to-be-disparaged regular offering of Tomato Basil.  Good portions of great, thick, and fresh soup.
Next to arrive: a pairing of Boudin and Ratatouille Balls, fried with love and as good as any other good fried ball you might think is good.  That last sentence is kind've an insult, honestly, but that's the closest to a negative comment i can make.  Both were  paired with some sort of sauce, but i cannot say that i tasted either before all the balls were in my mouth.
Pies followed.  I believe the chef makes a daily selection variant on the classic nola meat pie, but i'm unsure if the regular menu pie if there is one was served.  The two we sampled displayed quite eloquently many of the things i have over the years discussed as the beneficial traits the Chef here employs.  One pie was filled with the classic pot sticker.  Fresh garlic, ginger, minced pork, some other asian stuff maybe- this was the essential Jowza in mini-pie form.  Like Chess: these flavors are simple to learn to construct, but when a master at such art puts her hands on the bishop...  I don't know where that metaphor was going but NOMNOMNOM.  The other pie illuminated another spectrum of this Chef's capabilities:  A Russian-pallete in origin flavor spectrum, but Frenched up for a taste profile that does't insist you be snowbound or pumping vodka through your bloodpipes.  The natural combo of Dill and Salmon, minced meat pie style with garlic and yummy textured tidbits of garlic and aromatics and tendrils of the fresh herb that masterfully not only bound the pre-maw tastes together but softly contrasted the well-precticed pie crust binding it all. This pie, while not for all in our region, demonstrated not only the blatant technique the Chef made me note him for at first long ago but also a simple thing (as the rest of our feast would prove) that people such as Chang and the fat ginger with the dumb shoes employ to make them greater than the sum of their parts: History.  Knowledge of why the food and not simply that the food exists, and an employment not only of that technique and understanding but the application of a dialogue with the patron they are cooking for...  You might note some yelpers do not understand that they simply do not understand certain cuisines, or certain ingredients, or why there is sometimes a different kind of pepper or pickle instead of that Sysco one they get everywhere else.  To (mis)quote the great PSY:  "Above the running man there is the flying man...  Yeah baby, I'm a man who knows some things..."  I don't even like dill.
The pernt at WAYFARE is sammiches.  Check out their actual website so i don't have to repeat their very honest proclamation emblazoned there.  We had five of them:
   Toasted Reuben:  This is a personal taste note not a criticism, but i like my reubens Carnegie style so i wanted more meat.  It's not like there wasn't enough meat: there was, but I'm an Irish Carnivore so I prefer excess with my corned beef.  The textures, however, even with "appropriate-amounted" flesh, is resonant.
   Prochetta:  Pork belly cubed with all the good parts intact and laced together with caramelized onions.  At the end of the meal one quarter of this sandwich remained.  Still i pulled the yummy cubes of oink tummy off the bread one by one...  Then i ate the bread anyway.  After Desert.
   Cured Meats: In-house cured sausage shavings pressed together with in-house pickled peppers on a pistolette with a salty bottom and a refresh top providing a classic deli-to-mouth succulincia...  This was the second-most perfect sandwich we tried.
   Cuban:  Perfect.  So perfect after all four of us ate some, we still couldn't figure out which one it was because every other Cuban in this town is shit, apparently.  I don't even like pickles.
   Knuckle.  Minced Roast beef (see my Mahoney's review) with a taste of the H-Rad on a Pretzel bun.  This sandwich literally gave me an erection. Murder-good.
Pretty sure God has something to do with what's happening at WAYFARE.My husband and I came to eat and we were WOWed! He got the Ruben and I got the roasted turkey sandwich along with duck fat fries with THE BEST spicy aioli and coolants greens. My husband absolutely loved their special made inn house hot sauce "sweet potato habanero". As we were walking out we noticed they had the hot sauce on display for sale. As I turned around to tell my husband we should buy some the owner Vince walked up, grabbed a bottle and said to me "here it's on the house" I couldn't believe it. It's the small things that count and it was just a small, generous act of kindness like that that will keep me coming back as well as telling everyone I know! Thanks Vince!!!!Great Place in the Garden District to get a great sandwich and a drink. One of the best gastropubs in New Orleans.I've been through Wayfare a few times for lunch or dinner, but their happy hour is what keeps bringing me back. Daily specials on meat pies, $4 draft beer and and $3 off signature cocktails, plus delicious meat pies and arancini (both of which change daily).
Their Reuben is delicious. Try it with an egg. The daily sliders are also ridiculously good.The Roast Turkey sandwich and sweet potatoes were excellent! The food was very filling and worth the price.We just left because we couldn't get anyone to take our order. The waiter was far more interested in chatting up the waitress than he was in working. When he did come by, he looked at us several times as he passed. Then he quickly returned to the waitress. The only person who seemed to work was the bartender and she couldn't do it all by herself.