I got a Yelp account just to review this Wendys. It was an incredible experience from the second we walked in to the second we left. The fireplace area, had it not been occupied by a lady who had a large bag of trash with her, would have been an absolutely charming place to enjoy a baconator. The staff were friendly, the food came fast, on point frostys. Excellent drink machines, my friend couldn't help but steal some soda in his frosty cup, which the staff didn't notice or didn't care about. Either way, it was awesome. 
This Wendys just changed the game for fast food in Nola, check it out.I eat here a lot. Probably been in the restaurant five times and ordered from the drive through 20ish times. Every time I dine in the meal, ambiance, and customer service is good. The drive through sucks. I often have to yell to get the employees to understand what I'm saying and it's not much better trying to understand them on the intercom. I've also never experienced a restaurant that runs out of stuff like this Wendy's. I've been here when they are out of menu food items, out of ketchup and other condiments, out of particular size cups, out of napkins. I've also never experienced such inaccuracies in the orders I receive. It seems like the employees are more concerned with getting you out of the parking lot than focusing on customer service. So my recommendation, if you eat here, is to dine in or take out to ensure you are happy with your order, and skip the drive through if you can.I honestly shouldn't give them any stars, this place is the most disgusting, rude, most crude fast food restaurant I have ever been to in my whole 27 years of living. Even the managers that work here are rude and disgusting. So I have given this place time after time benefit of the doubt type deal and yet they disappoint me every time. One night I had ordered the 4 for $4, went and sat down to eat and my bf didn't get any sauce so he went to the front to get it and  came back and said wow this place is the rudest I got my sauce thrown at me. Well i had also gotten three chicken nuggets in my nugget pack, so I went back up to the front with a smile on my face because I honestly did not mind at all that they had forgotten, mistakes are meant to be made, but when I had asked for my forth to an employee she had went to her manager, a man, cant remember his name, and he came back with the remark well I know how to count! they must have ate one of em! i couldn't believe it. So another time I went and got a 4 for $4 today and didn't get my frosty so I asked for it and then got asked for my receipt as if I was trying to get over on them for a $1 frosty, I had thrown my receipt away so I had to literally put my hand in the trash can to get the receipt to show them and then got the remark I don't have time for this here, again by ANOTHER manager, a woman, didn't catch her name either, I couldn't take it and told her I didn't have time for this place of a mess either I had to go to work! That place is horrible business and horrible food. ill not be going back! I honestly don't see how they are still in business.It's a pretty standard Wendy's, and normally I wouldn't review this chain.  However, this is the only location I have ever heard of serving breakfast!  
For fast food, it's decent biscuits and sausage gravy, and they have some good options in the morning.A friendly staff graces a larger than normal space that includes lounge chairs and tables, almost like Starbucks. Tidy throughout. The place even has a two-sided fireplace!! Yes, it's a quibble, but God, the music is way too loud: at foreground level rather than background. Also, I connected to free wifi but got zeroes for up- and download speeds.It's literally midnight on a Sunday and I had the most friendliest guy take my order and bring me my food that I've experienced in awhile. I don't know his name but it's 9-27/9-28 at midnight. He was FABULOUS!
**Next day update.  This food made me very sick last. I had great service but the food caused me to miss work today.Great service, fast service and kind service! Would recommend to my friends and peers!!Absolutely the worst service ever. Never gets an order right and always is out of something. And they don't even care.Out of the fast food joints I think this one ranks the highest in my opinion.  Their burgers are far superior to McDs and BK.  Rally's is a close second.  Wendy's fries suck though.  The Baconator rules.  This place is great to go to before you go out drinking at Avenue Pub.  Get some nice greasy fast food in your tummy to help protect from the alcohol you are about to demolish.Great morning manager, Clatrina.  She consistently remembers & greats frequent guests; manages personnel to produce good customer expectancies-clean store,  minimal wait times, etc.  She should be compensated well.Nicely remodeled restaurant with the usual Wendy's menu. The staff is polite enough and they show much less of that 'I don't give a flying f*@k' attitude that you might generally be used to in New Orleans fast food joints. One major problem, though: -they can't seem to(or, try to)keep out the homeless crowd. Each time I'm there the restroom is taken over by some bum changing, freshening up or just doing #2. Or, all of the above. Not good.I very rarely eat fast food but Wendy's generally makes some of the better quality fast food available in the area.  Generally I see no reason to even review fast food joints as they are all generic but this Wendy's location has earned EXTRA SPECIAL RECOGNITION...  
Over the years on the few occasions I've visited this location one thing has been 100% consistent and that would be that they 100% of the time get my order WRONG!!!  I've complained to the little link/number they give you on the receipts but I've NEVER heard back.  I had some small hope that once they completely tore the old building down and rebuilt a totally new store that maybe they would be reborn as a competent establishment... Well that hope was dashed as once again and keeping their 100% FAILURE rate they once again got my very simple order completely WRONG again!!!  
Just don't go here and do yourself a really big favor if you must have Wendy's then go to the location on Claiborne where they can at least comprehend how to accurately fulfill an order.  Better yet just go to one of our much better local joints and avoid the fast food experience so you can have a beer with your burger.Great updated location serving a wonderful chicken sandwich. The only setback was the business volume is so high they are constantly out of stuff.There's no shortage of good beef in America's most unique culinary city, but Wendy's deserves special attention because of its choice in quality beef, without additives, colours, trans fats, fillers or anything else commonly used in fast food franchises.  The beef is never frozen, and is seared in its own juices, without added oils.  Lately, Ive taken to replacing my whey protein shakes with Wendy's beef patties , which can be purchased individually for about $1.45 each.Cashier Theft! And I wouldn't make an accusation without cause. See this how you wish. Our total was $25.59. The drive through cashier falsely documen on our receipt that we gave her exact change by cash. FALSE! We gave her $40.60. She was supppose to give us back $15.01. She gave us one penny. When my fiance went in to get our correct change back they gave us hell. In fact implying that we were lying. So basically ended up with them having to count their registers. Which showed she was only over about $10. We weren't buying their bs. I told him to request that pockets get counted. He pulled out his wallet to prove all he had were twenties. And the cashier who was visibly nervous took money out of her drawer which was the correct change of what we were owed. I called corporate and left feedback as well as my contact info. They were not friendly, not efficient, and apparently untrustworthy. Be very careful if you purchase here. Only give exact change. I've cashiered before I've seen what untrustworthy cashiers do. I've busted some before for stealing from customers and businesses.This place is BAWLIN' yo. Chicken nugz be crispy like you never SEEN. I ate one and I was like "WHAAAT! You serious Wendy?!" Mean gurls workin the friers tho. This one chick wouldn't even let me holla. I was like "please you ugly anyway."Slowest Wendy's on the planet.  Not so nice rude and just plain nasty smelly and they just can't seem to get the order rightThe hours on the door and online are misleading. It says that the dining room closes at 10pm but I have walked there multiple times up to 30 minutes before 10 and they have already locked their doors and the employees are just sitting down and chilling. Very unprofessional. If you plan to lock your doors at 9:30 then you should update your hours. ThanksWe went here at 1:20am, the restaurant closes at 2am. Ordered a #2 which has 2 patties. The person taking our order said they could give me a 1 patty burger instead because they were closing and it would take 10 minutes to heat up the grill. The price was the exact same for a 1 patty burger even though they were closing in 40 minutes. We said we would wait the 10 minutes and the person taking our order became noticeably agitated that they were going to have to you know, actually work. Guess $15 an hour would have possibly changed their attitude. Needless to say we did NOT pull forward to pay and instead ate at the St. Charles Tavern.So rude today 1/14/17 chick at drive thru at 11:14pm was just a mess cursed me out told me get the fuck, cause they mic was tripping. When I got to the front no name tag on and repeated to me to get the fuckThere are so many good Wendy's . This is NOT one of them..we have lived here for years and decided to take a street car ride , which dropped us off right across the street from Wendy's .  Well.... someone yelled at us when we walked in with masks , then the girl who was taking our order was on FaceTime with someone the whole time . I don't want to hear her conversation . Talking with the person in between 2 orders .She was pretty annoyed taking our order . I give it one star because the order came pretty quick !Just picked up food from this Wendy's location around 11:06pm and just expect cold French fries and orders to be incorrect. Frustrated enough to feel obligated to write a review so take it for what it's worth and try to get to Canes before 11:00.So here we go again...
I walked in and smiled to the racist, pissed off girl about to take me order and said "hey, how are you doing". I got daggers starred back at me without any reply! 
After I gave my order, she mumbled the total, I gave exact change, and not a "thank you" or anything!! She basically tossed the tray of food at me without saying one word - just a huge frown and racist face. 
This is insanity- going to establishments being a white male and getting the same piss-poor racially charged treatment. What is this city coming to?I've had great experiences here in the past year or so.  The lobby area is clean and doesn't smell weird like it used to.  The remodel left it looking very nice and accommodating.  The drink machine area is clean and my drinks always taste good (no weird tastes or flavor mixing).  The food has been consistently good here for a while.  Last time I went in I checked my order and realized they left something out, on my way up to the counter, the manager had already noticed and was bringing me my missing item. I have found the key to getting the order right and fresh is going in to order.  There seems to be a disconnect in quality between lobby orders and drive-thru orders.Went back here since it's been awhile EVEN WORSE.  Driving through the drive through I get greeted with "what u want" followed by huh what u say, what food u want.  Than they completely got my order wrong and finally when it was corrected I got a burger no bun.  Thanks Wendy for another awesome experienceVery slow service. ALWAYS out of product. Homeless people in the parking lot, asking for change. Scary. Avoid this dump.Fire the whole crew!!! These hoes mean af. Floor is always sticky. Countertops is always sticky. Just demolish the building.Ok you open 24 hrs no one has s around and a resident at hotels wants to order food.  Do you try and wait on them since they don't have a car?  The groups obviously walked from next door.   No this place they tell you abou a place two blocks away "luckys" has burgers 24 hr.  And they were right burgers and fries were great.Booths were torn up. Place was dirty. Nothing was stocked (salt/pepper/ketchup). Freestyle machines (TWO of them) had nothing available except for regular Root Beer and Coke. No flavoring available at all. The machine was disgustingly dirty. No toilet paper.Incredibly bad service. Only had ketchup and bbq sauce for my nuggets. Then on top of everything else, they couldn't give me a receipt, because, in their words, "We out of paper."Worst experience I've ever had at a Wendy's cashier didn't ring in my drink took me 10 min to get my drink after I already got my food manager was rude and mean to employees place needs a whole new crew and to train managers betterI ordered a Baconnator Combo with only ketchup I get back to My hotel and this sandwich has Mayo all over it. I called the store several times and no one answered. I continue to call the store and a young lady answers and when i ask to speak to the manager she hangs up the phone. Wow what type of customer service is that however I continue to call the store and now the manager "Darrious" answers and I explain the issue and request a refund and he states he's unavailable to that unless I come back by 2 am before they close another Wow what a Total inconvenience that not only is my order incorrect my drink is wrong too and now I have to deal with their terrible customer service. If I'm ever in New Orleans again I will make sure to let as many people as I know the "shitty" service to expect not only from the employees but the manager too. I will definitely expect people's to check their orders for accuracy to eliminate these situations.I kno it's Christmas Eve that's y Ima give them 2 stars and not say anything mean but understand these words in all caps THROW THE ENTIRE STORE AWAY AND START OVER !!!!!THE WORST EXPERIENCE! I will NEVER come back to this Wendy's. The service was TERRIBLE, the food was COLD, and I waited in line for literally 20minutes (shame on me). When I informed the cashier that the food was cold she smacked her lips and mumbled "give it here" and slammed the glass window.... never in my life again will I come back. Everyone looked miserable, aggravated and mean working here.This is by far not what I expected from Wendy's on such a busy street. 
They messed up my order. Put everything on it without even trying to acknowledge I wanted it plain. 
Yes the line was fast, because obviously how the world works now is (quick, fast in a hurry) without anything being done correctly!This is a state of the art Wendy's. It has the latest point of sale cashier system that allows you to see your entire order just like the cashier entering your order allowing for accurate order taking.
The menu boards are easy to read and are 100% digital. 
They have a spacious dining area complete with a large screen tv for your viewing pleasure. 
The self serv one button touch screen soda machines are awesome but takes a bit getting used to with the hundreds of modifications you can make to your coke like making it cherry flavored!
The staff was how you say... not very optimistic to take my order! Which seems to be norm in most fast food restaurants these days...sigh
The hand cut fries were hot and fresh and the frosty... well was frosty!They have given me incorrect  change in the past.  Their latest scam is to not give you all of the food you ordered.  Of course, they also DO NOT give you a receipt so there is no way to prove anything.I hate this location. I only come here because it's a couple blocks from my apartment. Ordering through the drive thru is pointless because they completely ignore everything you say, and when you get to the window and get your food it's still wrong. Staff is very unprofessional. And not to mention the hesitation of going on because I'm consistently greeted by homeless asking for money.Count your change!
The attitude I received when I pointed out a 10 cent error in the change I received was uncalled for.One of the managers here is the friendliest person alive. If he's not manager he should be. I've been here many times after long nights of shenanigans in the city, and he's always smiling and happy.
Ten points for gryffendor!Terrible!!! Got the chili and was sick for 2 days. Garbage and stay clear of this placeThe cashier was new so the line was moving kind of slow. 
Anyway, Wendy's has a special of 2 for $5. I ended up ordering a spicy chicken sandwich and 10 spicy nuggets. Their spicy chicken sandwich is not as great as the Popeye's next door, but it was way better than their dollar value chicken sandwich. They actually used real chicken breast/thigh. As for the spicy nuggets, they are not the greatest, but they are not bad either. If you are going to a fast food, you shouldn't expect too much. 
Overall, 2 for $5 is a deal/steal for me.There was HAIR IN MY SALAD They also forgot part of my order... I should've gone back for a refund.Have been in here several times. Each time, well a few times some of the employees are super rude and just do not want to be there. The Manager even just isn't a pleasant lil man. I believe his name may be Brian. The last and final time went there which was Wednesday night.  I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and ate it, it was VERY GOOD, made beautifully, but the next day woke up EARLY thIS Morning and have food poisoning. Not bad but had to call off work for it. Will NEVER GO BACK. Just a note to the employees if u don't like your job.....QUIT!!!! GET A NEW ONE!  Have a bless day.Wouldn't serve anything because we are staying at the hotel next door & walked up. We spent 2 1/2 hours trying to get to Frenchmen st. Arrived after the kitchen was closed. Took a Lyft back to hotel to get told they can't serve a walk up.You know if I am talking about fast food or casual dining it has to be outstanding or very bad, this is the latter. Here we go. 
WOW talk about feeling Unwelcome! The young man taking my order could not look me in the eye, could not smile and could be barely heard. He also needs a shave.
 He did not ask what kind of dip I wanted with my chicken, lucky I like BBQ, but it's a shame because I wanted to try the new dip they have but I forgot by the time I was eating. 
When receiving my food it was in bags, instead of on a tray, my receipt stated "dine in". The young man that took my order gave me my food, no eye contact, no thank you, no come back. 
They didn't have any forks at the napkin and soda counter so I had to ask, nice if I would have walked out no fork. I asked for a fork and all they had was a spork and no apology for not having forks. 
The food, the salad was made earlier in the day by a caring crew, thank God, except for the large lettuce core. The fries were hot and fresh but the chicken strips were old, warm and chewy. It was my first time trying this new item, I am not impressed. 
I ride share drive and I frequent this Location a few times a week during the day. The day crew is friendly, attentive and welcoming. This will be my last night visit to this store, there is a Burger King and Cain's right across the street and they are always friendly, day or night. 
By the way I am a former Wendy's crew member and I would have been fired or at least written up for this poor performance.Sometimes you need a 99-cent order of chicken nugs and an asiago ranch chicken club to save your life before marching in a parade...
I was about to go strap into my corset for miles and miles of mermaiding when I realized I should probably up my sustenance game before the hubs scooped me up from parking my car downtown. 
The lady taking orders was very nice and my food came out quickly. Their dining room is like a living room and a fast food restaurant had a baby, and the baby grew up and later met it's living room dad and just really didn't know how to cope with the identity crisis. You'll get it if you ever dine in. 
My nugs and sandwich were as expected though might I suggest that the spicy nugs are nicely complemented by the honey mustard sauce.
After inhaling said dishes, I hurdled myself into my ride where my husband noted I was pungent with the smell of poultry. Not sure if that was a good or bad thing.
Maybe not the most ideal choice for marching in an organ-crushing costume but who's to say I would've survived without it... #theworldwillneverknowTake this as a serious warning... Don't stop here. I don't have a very high standard when I go for fast food. You know - someplace clean, fast and what I ordered 90% of the time would be nice. 
This place missed on all 3. The help yelled and bickered at each other the entire time, it was dirty and the food was cold because they were so busy welling at each other the orders would just sit on the back counter in the bags. The cashier wouldn't even look up when she took or order she was so irritated. 
We actually went back that night because this location was right next door to our Hotel and we wanted a Frosty for dessert. Different crew, same result and they screwed up our order... go figure. 
Sorry Dave - This place sucks!Closed for renovations...Which, I think, is a polite way of saying, "You know that nasty-assed smell you been smelling in here? Yeah, well that was the mold." 
They are renovating it they say...but driving by it in the mornings, I noticed they gutted it to the steel. NOTHING left of the insides at all.
Which, I have to admit, is probably for the best. The times I've walked in there, the smell as you walk in was really horrible. Sort of like an old garbage can after a maggot-laced liner was finally removed that's been in there for 3 months in the rain.
The one saving grace of this place was that it wasn't as bad as the Burger King down the street.I wish I could give them 0 stars. I own 2 businesses and the service provided by the young lady in the drive through was terrible. She spoke to us so bad but she needs to be let go. We will never eat here again. No tag so I couldn't get her name but she worked August 20 8:40pmCount your change, y'all!   I gave the girl at the drive in window a $20 for my $3.53 bill.  She gave me the change all wadded up,   She gave no receipt.   She hurriedly tried to hand me my drink before I could count my change.  But I did, she shorted me $5!!!  I said, "Hey, you owe me $5 more!"   She didn't say "oops," "sorry", or "oh, my!"   She just reaches across the counter and picks up the $5 and hands it to me.   I guess she added it to her stash!   I ordered a small smoothie and a medium fry.  The smoothie was filled a little more than 2/3 of the way to the top!   And the fries sucked!     Shame on you, Wendy and her daddy would really be upset to have thieves and cheaters at their franchise.The first time EVER, I have had to pull off to the side to wait to get my food, at a Wendy's establishment. Out of any "fast food" restaurant, I've always said that Wendy's had the best service. They asked me for change because they currently didn't have any either... Very strange...Good food. Clean nice place. Prices not too bad. Employees are pretty friendly. The parking is not too good for the number of guests.Worst place ever . Drive thru person is extremely stupid and ignored half the shit we ordered .Horrible service. The team members need to obtain proper training on customer service. First starting with basic communication skills: greeting the customer(s). Also the management team needs leadership skills to resolve these issues .Only problem i had was the fact that someone making the food actually thought serving a burnt bun was ok... it tastes BURNT!!! Smells burnt- IT IS BURNT! Never a good idea- TEACH YOUR EMPLOYEES ABOUT QUALITY CONTROL!
It goes a long way!