Came into New Orleans for a convention with some peers and we asked our hotel doorman where we could get some good homemade fried chicken...and of course he says, "...Willie Mae's." We then remembered seeing the place on FoodNetwork's 'Diners Drive-In and Dives'.  My oh my, they weren't kidding when they named it "America's Best Fried Chicken"!
I had the Fried Chicken Salad and Homemade Lemonade.....BEST FC indeed! Of course it was boneless in the salad, it had a soft as butter feel when bitting into it and the spice had a small kick to it. The crust was so flaky yet not crumbly, and was not at all chewy like I find others to be. The greens were a nice complement to the chicken. All together it was a perfect meal for a considerably warm N.O. day. Oh and the Lemonade! A little sweet for my pallet, but nothing a little water couldn't fix. Once I poured a bit into it, it was God made goodness in liquid form! You could really taste the lemons in it which I really appreciated.
Two of my peers had the FC with Mac n' Cheese & Peas, and they could simply explain it as love on a plate. The third had the Catfish and she devoured it faster then we could get to half our plates. Now, I'm not a fish-eater so I didn't care for the texture though the meat was really good. It seemed to have the same spice as the FC and it didn't taste fishy at all. 
We also had a couple of Corn Bread muffins...(Which I'm normally not a fan of either)...They were so soft and fluffy and not at all mushy or dry which always seems to be a turnoff with other corn breads. And the very last thing we all shared (it was a pretty big plate) was Butter Beans. I've never before had them and can only describe them as beans in its own gravy. Though that might not seem very appetizing it really was amazing!
The service was very pleasant and the wait wasn't very long at all. It had a almost homey feel to it even though there isn't much of a theme to the place. And the workers were super kind and sweet. Once we all had something in our belies we started having friendly conversation with our waitress who turned out to be the owners sister.Make the trip, the food & experience are so worth it! Fried chicken as good as it gets, and the butter beans,and mac & cheese are wonderful... you can wait in line, so we went early (10:15) and walked right in and sat down...
As good as it gets!Well where to start. Firstly there are 2 locations. This one is located is a residential area. Me and my wife went on a Sunday, in hopes that is would be a little less crowded. Boy, was we wrong. Lol. Be prepared to line up for at least 45mins to an hour. Although the wait time seems excessive for this little historical gem it's oh so worth it. 
The chicken was better than anticipated. Well breaded, wasn't greasy, great flavour. Hands down the best fried chicken in N.O. Customer service was pleasant.Amazing!! I too saw the hype about this world famous fried chicken on a few TV best of shows so I figured I had to try it on my next visit to NOLA. So glad I did!! The staff is so super sweet and friendly. The food is spectacular and the restaurant itself is quaint and charming. The fried chicken was great but it was the butter beans that blew me away!! Haven't had anything that tasty since my sweet grandma passed 14 years ago. Southern comfort food the way grandma made it. No frills, just good food made from scratch with heart and soul. My husband and I walked there from the Crown Plaza on Canal Street and it took us about 40 minutes. Not all people would be comfortable making the walk and about half way there we questioned our decision but at that point it was like, oh well!! So needless to say next time (because once you go once there WILL be a next time) we will take a cab. It is worth the 45 minute wait outside in the sun!! Yummy!! Be sure to try the butter beans and the red beans!! Both were a real treat!BEST FRIED CHICKEN EVER! side of red beans and rice was good, but oh man, the fried chicken.
we were a party of 2 and arrived before mad lunch rush. i wouldn't recommend coming here with a big group, as the waiting around thing seems to be a little inefficient. being here made me glad I don't live in new orleans because I would have a food-related heart attack within the year. worth the trek out of touristy areasThis is my second review from our visit on October 2, 2012.  I had one posted, but it mysteriously disappeared.  Here it is again:
I had heard and read a lot about this place and I was SO disappointed.  The chicken is batter fried and I found it to be thickly coated, greasy, and salty.  Once you get to the chicken, it is moist and tasty.  The vegetables were canned.  We had green beans and the people at the next table also had canned peas.  The rice and gravy was cold and bland.  The cornbread was sent out early and came with no butter.  It was cold and dry.  We ordered a side salad to split.  It was described as crisp greens with grape/cherry tomatoes.  We asked for raspberry vinaigrette on the side.  Our salad greens were crisp and fresh, it had one cherry tomato sliced in half and the salad dressing was like syrup.  In general, the food was so-so.  My major concern was the cleanliness of the place.  On the surface it appeared to be clean, but it was not.  The menus had food on them, the walls were dirty, and the general appearance was not attractive.  I would not recommend Willie Mae's Scotch House, nor will I return.This is still my all time favorite Fried Chicken. I enjoyed the butter beans so much, that I ordered a second helping.Willie Mae's was awesome! Omg the best fried chicken ever! The chicken was moist and juicy and crunchy with a little spice to it. If you never had wet batter chicken then you are missing out hunty!!! The mashed potatoes were amazing and so was the Mac and cheese. I literally was having a foodgasm with every bite. I found this place on yelp and I was not disappointed! Best meal I had while visiting New Orleans! Make sure you get there when they first open to beat the line wrapped down the street! This is great soul food! It will be my first and last stop next time I come to New Orleans!Fried chicken is clearly the star here.  As for the sides, go with butter beans or the red beans and rice.  All other sides were extremely average which was a disappointment.  The cornbread was OK as well.  Would I go back? Definitely, but I would set my expectations of anything but the chicken accordingly.THIS IS THE FRIED CHICKEN THAT GOD WOULD EAT.
Seriously. So good. 
I was there on a Monday for a late breakfast/early lunch and there wasn't any wait. Since Willie Mae's won the James Beard "American Classic" award for their outstanding fried chicken and has been featured on numerous food/travel shows, this was definitely an anomaly as the place can get packed pretty darn quick on weekends or peak hours (at least according to other reviews). If you can come in at or before 11, you should be able to avoid the long lines. I was pretty happy with myself as a food tourist for choosing to come when I did.
The place is a somewhat unimpressive when you first get there and if you simply happened upon the storefront, you'd have no idea that the best fried chicken ever is waiting for you inside.
The food is fantastic and relatively inexpensive. The batter on the chicken is crispy and the chicken itself is moist and creamy. The flavor, the texture... so good. The sweet potato fries were a nice touch too. That would probably be the side I recommend. That or the butter beans.
Service is friendly and prompt. They don't waste any time in getting you served and fed, which is probably a good thing for when the restaurant gets super busy.
That being said, this is a must visit if you're an out of town visitor. It could make you consider moving to New Orleans just so you could eat here on the regular. You won't ever look at fried chicken the same!This is a warning. Once you have the fried chicken the euphoria that it brings fourth will cause wild hysteria once you realize you can only get this good here and not back home. 
If you live close to this place I envy you more than any I have envied. 
The waitress was also great. Very friendly and helpful. I absolutely love this place. I am pretty sure they use unicorn dust and never land chicken which is why the food is magical.This was my first time here. ESSENCE Weekend,  so the lines are everywhere. Fried chicken was good, but they ran out of yams.  My cousin enjoyed her fried chicken and red beans and rice.  I'll try again on my next trip to NOLA for sureWe arrived in the POURING rain, torrential downpour and flooding , water was up to our calves -- we were left waiting outside in the rain... the burning question of... was it worth it?
Can I get a YES? Hell yes! As my sister says " I'll never forget that first bite into the chicken.." 
It was so good. Flavorful, crunchy, crispy skin with such juicy succulent chicken .. I drool and cry as I type this since I already miss this so much
Worth squeezing in on your trip if you're into fried chicken, also getting gravy on the side is a game changer -- dip everything in there
Would definitely come back on my next visit !Chicken is so crispy, meat just falls off the bone. Very tasty. Went there around 5pm and got lucky that I didn't have to wait as long as last time.Wait in line for 1.5 hours would have been worth it if they had any food. No Mac and cheese, fried fish, or okra! Whuuut!?
Very poor service which they blamed on shift change but the waitress was horrible and didn't tend to us at all. Had to beg for hot sauce, refills, and finally I was done with it. The fish which they said they didn't have was fried too hard and tasted like nothing. The bread pudding wasn't even tasty. This place is highly overrated. I will not go back there ever again.The best fried chicken around. Funky place and filled with customers! Well worth the visit. Been around since 1957WHAT A LET DOWN!!!!!!  I am a HUGE fried chicken fiend.  It's my guilty pleasure.  I tried to not have high expectations, but wow.  I was very disheartened.
The chicken coating was over-cooked and tasted burned.  It's not a good crunch, but a powdery crisp like all of the burnt-ness was just like a powdery bad, bad.... something.  Can't even explain it.
Then.  Instead of being a nice homestyle chicken place, it was $10 for my two bad pieces and a lot more for the sides.
Don't ever want to go back.  It is overrated.  I would rather eat the gas station fried chicken!Heard about this famous chicken place, so we figured let's try it out. It is definitely a different taste. Not rating on the taste of the food but rather the overall experience. We had a party of seven and where at the back of fairly short line. The hostess came out and asked how many in our group. 7, she seated us immediately, we skipped the whole line. Thought it was bad for others that where in line before us. Took the waiter about 10 mins to ask what drinks, and another 15 mins to bring the drinks out. After ordering and getting our food, 2 people's orders were totally messed up and waiter never rectified the order. We felt as though we got what they had and that was it. No need to go back as I really didn't dig the food.YOU NEED TO HAVE THEIR CHICKEN AND MAC AND CHEESE! Literally heaven in my mouth! Loved everything about this place. It is packed almost all the time so I suggest u go early if not expect to wait but let me tell u its worth it. I would wait 6 hours in line for this chicken!I get it. Tourist don't know the difference. But those red beans and rice where blue runner...come on add sausage at least. Over hyped place but decent food. Be better if it was marketed differently.First let me say that we didn't have to wait in a line because we got there before 11. I was so happy. The service was wonderful, everyone was so friendly. I had a coffee and my friend had the lemonade as drinks. Coffee was so strong, so good. The lemonade was fresh and homemade. Oh my god, it was like drinking crack. I'm pretty sure there was crack in their gravy. We all ordered the fried chicken and me and my sister got the side of green beans and rice with gravy. Literally the best gravy I've ever had. With regular fried chicken, you could easily eat the skin separate from the chicken but at Melba's that's not acceptable. They intertwine so perfectly. You got to eat the chicken with the skin. I tried just nibbling on the skin, it didn't feel right. The fried okra I ordered was okay. I didn't give 5 stars because I'm not a huge fan of friend chicken in general and it didn't blow my mind entirely but it was delicious nonetheless. Especially that gravy.I used to take all my friends to Coop's when they visited me in New Orleans, but now I think it's gotta be Ms. Willie Mae's Scotch House.  Hands down the best fried chicken in the city.  Fantastic sides as well--but only open for lunch.
People will complain that it's in a bad neighborhood.  Well, I live on the opposite corner of the block, it can't be all bad.  When the chicken starts frying in the morning, my dog goes outside in the back yard and sticks her nose up in the air, pausing to catch every whiff that comes by.  She's never been inside, but if she did go she would see what I think is the thickest fry-breading on a chicken I've ever seen, cooked to perfection.  I would recommend sharing an order of chicken and getting sides to split. You will leave a hot fat happy mess no matter what you do, so do whatcha wanna!
Eat! Stuff yourself! TIP WELL!Food is great, quick and atmosphere. I would recommend this eatery for anyone visiting or locals to the city.ok it looks like im in the minority here when it comes to willie maes.im not going to write a bad review but i do think this place is a bit overated. chicken was good. really juicy and a nice crispy crust. it was a bit salty for me. i love spicey and it did have a nice kick but a lil salty. it also was a bit greasier than i like. again good but not the best ive ever had.  the red beans were excellent. nice flavor and god portion considering it was a side.
corn bread was hot and ok. i came in around 3 and had no wait at all. all of the staff that i spoke to were friendly. i sat at the bar and the guy who served me was quick and personable. service was good enough for me to tell him to keep the change of a 20 on a 12 dollar tab. so t sum it up, "good eats, not great. not worth the hype or a long wait, but worth a try if you are in the neighorhood"Best red beans and rice was the best I ever had ***** 5 stars. Chicken crust was crispy as apple pie crust best chicken I ever had and I'm from the south!!!!!!!We want to Willie Mae's as the Uber driver suggested it was the best fried chicken in whole of America! Being chicken lovers, we decided to check out the place at once and were excited to see what it was all about. 
After waiting in line for 1:15 hours, we were finally seated. The fried chicken and tenders was good but I wouldn't say we were mind blown! I don't think it was worth all the wait and hype. The chicken was quite oily and was like any other fried chicken I've had before. We got 3 pieces of chicken for 15 dollars with a side. 
I would recommend this place as there is such a long wait line and the place wasn't worth it in the end.I'm giving 1 star for the Diet Coke. Maybe my expectations were to high, but this is by far the worst food I've ever eaten.I can't believe I am giving a New Orleans restaurant such a bad rating but here I go.  I have lived in this wonderful city with all of its wonderful cusine my entire life and I have wondered why this restaurant has escaped me, after reading the reviews and seeing the good pictures of the food on the Spike Lee Documentary I made a special trip AGAIN to this location and waiting again for what so many call Americas best fried chicken.  America and Yelp your wrong, Dooky Chase, Manchus, Mchardy's, Mckenzies on gentilly road, popeyes and My mothers cooks better chicken then this place.  I was very disappointed at the crust of the chicken and the pork chop and the taste of old grease made me sick.  Im not sure if this was a bad batch of food but I was very disappointed and took my friends to dooky chase which is right around the corner for some better food.  I now understand why I lived here my entire life and have not known about this place, the answer is simple, LOCALS probably don't eat here and most of these reviews came from the food network and tourists.  Maybe if I try this place again it will be better but  I doubt it.  I will update this review in July and see if this was just a bad experience or they were just slipping.The fried chicken was good but I still like some of the places in Houston better. Overall, the portions were enormous, service was good and the food was better than average but not worth the hike to eat it. :X Their cornbread was pretty awesome though if you like that kind of thing. Also, this place is the epitome of the saying "Hole in the wall in a crack-house neighborhood."The server was ok, tacking in account that you are in New Orleans and most of the waitress are ride. The chicken is highly overrated, served in a pool of burned frying oil. The corn muffins had nothing special. Really this is a place to avoid if you don't want to have heartburn for the rest of your trip.Definitely worth the wait! So we got lucky. We arrived around 1:30 on a Thursday afternoon and only waited in line for 15 minutes. 
The inside was quaint and the wait staff was very efficient. I recommend ordering the fresh squeezed lemonade. Although there's no free refills on the lemonade, it comes in a very large glass and had just the right level of sweetness.
My husband and I both ordered the three piece mixed fried chicken. It was amazing. Perfectly crispy on the outside and juicy in the center. Excellent breading to chicken ratio. I also highly recommend the mac and cheese. I don't like very creamy and running mac and cheese so this was perfect. We also split an order of fried okra and that was what we expected it to be. 
Take the trip over to Willie Mae's if you want an authentic, local New Orleans meal.This food is life changing. After reading the reviews about the line we decided to come early, we got here at 10:30 and there was already a line but not long at all. We waited about 30 min to get seated, the service was very good and we didn't feel rushed at all even with a line of people out the door. The fried chicken is amazing and the red beans and rice was beyond delicious. This was seriously some of the best food I've had. This place is definitely worth the wait!This place lives up to its name of best fried chicken! The establishment is nothing fancy but creates a homey vibe with very nice staff. The sides that come with the chicken (tried mac and cheese, mashed potatoes, rolls and the garden salad) do a great job of supporting the chicken itself. White meat comes with corn and dark meat comes with peas. 
I would not recommend walking here at night, definitely catch an uber or lyft. The walk during the day is not scenic and for awhile we thought we were going the wrong way. But once found, the experience was totally worth it!!Before anyone rushes to conclusion on why I gave this place 4 stars let me say that it wasn't because of the chicken.
What I liked about coming here was that it had really great service. It had a great environment...it was authentic and I appreciated the open kitchen. 
In addition, unlike many restaurants that have been featured on Travel Channel; the prices remained fair and just. 
Now for the claim to fame of having "the best fried chicken", well I would disagree slightly. It has a distinct,thick, airy batter. Unfortunately, it was salty..too salty at times. Probably a kitchen mistake and am aware that this happens. I ordered as side the butter beans which were really good but they had ranout of corn bread. :(   The waiter politely offered bread buns but I declined after I enquired if iy was store bought or baked on the premises. (Even Popeyes make their own biscuits)
Overall, it was good but not "the best".
I will comeback and bring more people to try it.
As a foot note, I visited once "Silvia's Restaurant" in Harlem; where they also claim to have the best chicken ever. Sallie Mae's is better. Pricing has a lot to do with it; I remember leaving Silvia's ripped off because I paid $17 about 5 years ago. Sallie Mae's was salty.
In the name of fairness, there is no such thing as "the best fried chicken".I have to start by saying this is the best fried chicken I have ever had. Being a chef and a foodie I do not say that about many places. This place is a must try. The sides did leave something to be desired. It did not match up with the chicken. The okra was ok. Mac and cheese ok... the corn muffins where cold and not good. Next time I will just stick with the chicken alone and be happy. This will be a must try when in NOLA. In the meantime I will be trying to duplicate that chicken ... the crispy and fluffy outside with the juicy and flavorful inside.... the breast was the best.THE BEST FRIED CHICKEN EVER!!!!  Yes, I ordered the friend chicken, its what this place is about.  It really has the best fried chicken I've ever had in my life.  Tender, perfect seasoning, and just piping hot.  The red beans and rice, were just flat out amazing.  The mac and cheese, will make you want to smack ya motha, OR the person eating to your left.  
This place is just awesome, the people that work there are willing to answer all your questions about the city.  
As far as the location, catch a cab, get out and walk into the restaurant if you plan on going in the evening.  Not in the best of neighborhoods for everyone, but well worth the travel.  
If you think these food chains are delicious, Popeyes, etc.  Here's the real thing, no doubt in my mind, you'll think those places are just a plain joke.  I've almost refused to eat fried chicken for the last month and a half...yea, its that good!!!Great food, the chicken it's cunchy and juicy!!!!! The cornbread, red beans and butter beans are delicious.Visited Dec 14. Pretty good fried chicken (and yes, you can go very wrong with fried chicken). There was a line but moved fairly quickly. Everything was good, but very.. standard? Like expected, nothing more, nothing less. There wasn't much of a personal touch, from entering the restaurant to ordering food to eating to paying the bill, but then again, it's a fried chicken restaurant. Nothing to complain though, so 4 stars.I am so glad that we were able to stop by Willie Mae's for their famous fried chicken.  We went on a Thursday shortly after they opened at 10:00 a.m.  We were able to walk right in and be seated.  The service was great and the chicken was EVEN BETTER.  
If you get a chance, while in NOLA, make sure you stop by to have their chicken, it was amazing.  BUT my advise is to go early, preferably when they are opening if you don't want to battle the long lines.best fried chicken you'll eat. a little spicy. great flavor. very good red beans and rice. 
the area is a lot worse than i thought it would be. think bludsos x 10. take a cab both ways. wait inside for your cab. we walked to the corner to try and wait for our cab. mistake. 
"drug free" zone signs everywhere. while walking to the corner, we were notified by a very interesting resident of the area that it in fact was not a drug free zone. we returned to the restaurant to wait for the cab.You may think you've had southern-style fried chicken before, but, unless you've been to Willie Mae's, you are sadly, sadly mistaken. The only advice I can give you is to not be intimidated by the less than picturesque restaurant and location; don't be deterred by the difficulty in finding a place to park; go inside, ignore everything else on the menu, and have yourself some fried chicken (preferably with mac and cheese on the side). You won't regret it AND you will definitely go back again (once you recovered from food coma).
Pro tip: If you are going to want to split the check with a few people,  you should probably bring cash or it turns into a hassle.  (This would be my only criticism.)Best chicken in the world..nuff said..my boys should have came out as chicken breast it's one of the only thing I ate when I was pregnant..just get hungry thinking about it..love love love this placeReally really good chicken. Was disapointed with the sides though! Canned green beans??? Come on really? Red beans and rice were pretty good, not the best but it was good! I didn't think a place like this would be serving canned anything! The cornbread was AWESOME! Service was kind of slow and I knocked off a star for that. Other than that, I think next time If I go back I'd only get chicken and cornbread and leave off the sides. Also knocked off another star because online it says they take credit but the day we went they had a sign on the door that said no credit today! I saw other reviews online that mentioned this too! This easily could of been a 4 star review if it wasn't for those few things.The best fried chicken I ever had, no doubt about that. The chicken was crispy, but not oily, outside and moist inside. It was well marinated and had the right amount of spices. Their red bean side was delicious and so was the potato salad side. The service was excellent.
We got lucky because we had a party of two. Due to limited seating, it takes longer for larger groups. I will go there again when I am in NOLA.I have never given a five star review before, but this one is well deserved. To put it simply, the best fried chicken I have EVER eaten in my life. Believe me, I have had my share of fried chicken and then some. The crispy crust, the seasonings, the juiciness of the chicken, it's perfect. I got there about ten minutes after they opened and there was already about eight tables full. I was by myself and sat at the bar. This restaurant is an old building, may have been a house at one time. It's very basic no bells and whistles, no frills. I parked on the street across from the restaurant. I didn't see a parking lot. It's all about the food here. Three pieces of chicken and a side for $11. I had butter beans and rice. Butter beans is something I had a lot growing up. My mom cooked them, and man, she could cook! These butter beans were the best I've ever eaten. They were perfectly cooked and seasoned. The corn bread that came with the meal was also a home run. It was light and fluffy and sweet, just right. I almost came back here for supper. I now wish I had come back. They're food was much better than what I ate down at the French Quarter! I think this simple meal of fried chicken, butter beans, and cornbread, was one of the best meals I've ever had in my life. If you are ever in New Orleans and if you like fried chicken, you will love this place.Super delicious fried chicken! We also had the bread pudding which was bomb. The Lima beans were surprisingly flavorful and delicious. Looks like a hole in the wall easy to miss; you have to know where you are going. Be ready to loaf around in bed all day after eating here it's a doozyThe service was good.
The chicken was really greasy and slimy. I didn't eat it at all.. I was a little disappointed. The food network really hyped this place up. However my red beans and rice was excellent. (The best part of the meal)My gram was a sweet southern lady that could cook like a beast. one of my favorite meals was fried chicken.  Crispy moist cooked all the way through (it happens)  Willie Mays Scotch house is cooking that chicken. I don't eat fried chicken often but when I do Willie Mays will be making itBy far the best fried chicken I've ever had.  Ever.  I was lucky to arrive there with some colleagues well after normal lunch time so we got seated and served pretty quickly.  The crust has this wavy aspect to it like a lava flow and is very light and crispy.  The chicken meat itself is perfectly cooked and very moist.  The fried okra is not whole pieces but sliced in a rather heavy corn meal based batter.  The red beans and rice are really good but not spicy.  I had a bite of the fried shrimp that went with the catfish and it had a totally different corn meal batter and was slightly spiced.
I'll have to go again.  Can't believe I've waited this long to go there.Known for their fried chicken they did not disappoint.  It's fresh, crispy and oh so tasty!  A New Orleans institute and a Must Do for travelers and locals.  I recommend going on a weekday because the line on Saturday is long.Reviewed in magazines as the best fried chicken in the country. I can't argue that claim since it was absolutely fantastic. I'd go back on every trip to NO I'm the future. 
My only gripe would be that the place is filthy. I'm fine with hole in the wall places, but you can still keep it decent and wipe the place down. But not worth avoiding it on your next trip.Excellent and worth the wait.  The best fried chicken I've ever had. A must if you're visiting New Orleans.I can't get enough of this place. I crave Willie Mae's fried chicken every minute of every day, and I always make sure to stop by when I'm traveling through New Orleans.Our lives were incomplete, we were destitute and our unquenched desires were filled with an absolute void. Who knew the only thing that was missing was Willie Mae's fried chicken and red beans and rice.The fried chicken is excellent - worth the hype.  The chicken had a very crispy skin and was hot out of the fryer.  The inside was moist with a subtle reddish tint from the spices and buttermilk in the marinade (my guess).  The chicken wasn't overly spicy - just had a nice kick.  I had a side order of red beans and rice, which were quite satisfactory.  The meal was rounded up by some hot off the oven cornbread and lemonade.  I was very full after this lunch.
I decided to walk over from the French Qtr on a Tuesday morning, on Esplanade, to get a feel for the city. Nice walk through neighborhoods with beautiful houses - restored and otherwise.  Please be careful of aggressive panhandlers though, if walking.  I am glad I did walked back - needed to burn those calories.  A single seat at the bar was available, and since I was alone, it worked fine for me.  Service was ok, and since I did not have any special requests (and no lemonade refills), didn't see much of the server till the bill came.  Not sure of tip expectations the servers have, but I got  a glum face after a 20% tip on OK bar service!  Maybe the out-of-towners have raised expectations to sky high levels.My family just HAD to try this place because we had heard and seen so much about it on TV and from others.  Unfortunately I don't think I can rave about this place like so many other people have.  :( 
The first thing you should know is that this restaurant is located in a pretty rough neighborhood.  And this is coming from someone who lives in Berkeley.  I was actually pretty scared walking around the area in the daytime, even with a group of six people.  Once you get there though, the inside is really cozy and nice.  
Our server was really friendly, but they ran out of the green beans when choosing sides.  Also, I was looking forward to eating some fresh vegetables as the sides, but they're all fried, creamed, or canned.   :( My sister got fried okra and ended up having to pick off the fried batter because it was just too much.  
My dad and I got the baked chicken to try to be healthier (Southern food... X__X) but it was extremely salty.  So salty to the point that it was barely enjoyable/edible without drinking insane amounts of water.  I feel like I had a puffy face for the rest of the day from all of the salt, haha.  I tried parts of the fried chicken, and while better, was still pretty salty and greasy.  
Maybe I'm just not used to fried, greasy, salty, and rich Southern food, but we all didn't think that this place was super good or anything!We had a WIDE variety of food on our NOLA trip, but this topped the list.  I don't know what they do to that fried chicken, but WOW!  I've never had chicken that moist and flavorful.  This place definitely lives up to the hype... and then some!  Our butter beans and rice and cornbread were just as good as the chicken.  I'm sure this will be out #1 stop when we come back to the city.Staff was super nice and the restaurant was quaint and had that old New Orleans feel. It's southern comfort food that doesn't disappoint. To be honest I wasn't blown away but then again I find comfort food to be relaxing and give you that home feel which this place delivers on. Nothing fancy but it was fun and yummy.Omg this fried chicken makes all other fried chicken in the world feel sad and pitiful by comparison. The Mac and cheese is not to be missed, and my friend swears that the butter beans are divine. Add this to your must try list!!Their claim to fame is "America's Best Fried Chicken". I haven't had all of America's fried chicken but if any of them taste close to this, then they can call themselves that as well. It was pretty amazing. We came for lunch on a regular ol' Thursday and there was no line, no wait for a table. Our fried chicken came out within 7-10 minutes of us sitting down. I think it took us longer to get there and back from our hotel than to eat there. 
Naturally, the fried chicken was awesome. I can't think of another place better.
Their red beans and rice and mac n cheese were just okay though. I didn't enjoy those much.Amazingly delicious and memorable fried chicken!! As a southerner I've had some great fried chicken but this rivals my all-time favorite, Gus's in Memphis.Fried chicken and white beans! Can't go wrong!! Would have given 5 stars but after that just went up on their prices, you are paying too much for what you get.The best fried chicken I've ever had. The mac and cheese was also great. Even the peas were good! Worth the wait.The best chicken I've ever had!  Also the green beans were surprising good too. Despite the fact that our party of four had to wait 3 hours for a table (we went during the Essence festival), we all walked out saying the food was worth the wait!  Believe me, this would be a VERY different review had it not. LolThe fried chicken was excellent!  All the reviews were well deserved.  The chicken was moist while the skin was nice and crispy.  Some items are not on the menu (eg sweet potato fries) so be sure to ask.  The service is friendly and the servings are large.  The only downside is the neighborhood is a little scary and thre are too many taxis around for people without cars.Every time I come to NOLA we stop by here for the chicken, but a few days ago it was good just not as good as it normally is.  The Mac and cheese was cold, but I didn't send it back. The sweet tea was watered down. Overall I usually give them 5 stars, but they were definitely not on their game that day. I'm still a fan of the fried chicken, best fried chicken period.Worth every bit of hype. A true american marvel. Best fried chicken ever.Willie Mae's is some damn good fried chicken. Everyone else says it's the best ever... and, I did love it, but I'm not sold on the best ever just yet. I will say that the fried chicken skin was the best ever, and the meat was extremely juicy. It does come with a nice cajun kick, so if you're sensitive to the spice, beware. 
Here are some tips (since this food is tried and true): 
Prepare to wait, but I did find that being a party of two gets you seated a bit faster. Also, choose your dining partner carefully because you can't really choose your meat (I am exclusively a dark-meat person). So, you're best choosing someone who likes the opposite of what you like. Or, at least loves you enough to let you get the first picks. I chose someone who fit in the former category, but I'm pretty sure would do the latter if the former wasn't true. ;) 
Lastly, I would definitely suggest chatting it up with your server - he's probably the great-grandson, or some other relative of the famous Willie Mae's. They've truly kept to the family-run business tradition and model. The day I went the great-granddaughter was working the fryer, her fiance was working the rest of the kitchen, the son was doing dishes, and both my servers were great-grandsons. They are all very proud of the establishment.I'm a fried chicken expert I'd like to say and since I'm searching the world for the best fried chicken... my opinion is that this is best bone in fried chicken I've had this far. Though I'm not including Nashville hot chicken in my conclusion. We did have to wait quite a while and there not anyway to really hang in this neighborhood except for the line itself but it was amazing! Also all the sides were great though I would recommend getting there morning so they don't run out of stuff by the time you're there!This is the best place for fried chicken. The only problem was the way customers weren't seated as first come first served. The food was delicious and the service was GreatTouching backstory on Willie Mae's at NPR -
http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=93025471
BEST FRIED CHICKEN ANYWHERE.Meh. The chicken was good once I got past the SUPER greasy batter. It took forever and the sides were cold. Mom said it best: "well we did it". That might be the only reason to come here for chicken, to say you've done it. Go to Crabby Jack's ot Jaques I Mos. Their chicken is better and the sides are too.The peas and macaroni were good,but I was disappointed in the chicken. The crumbling of the skin/breading of the chicken was a mess. Over hyped in my opinion.I waited to come here for years.  Every time we came to town we never seemed to fit it in.  This year we finally made it and it was amazing!  I had the white meat 3 piece and brussel sprouts.  Can't wait to come back and try the dark meat.  Food was hot, flavorful, and the chicken was the best I've ever eaten.This has the best fried chicken and food ever.   The pictures make it look like a bad place but we felt completely safe.  The staff was great.   We had fried chicken, Mac and cheese, fried okra and the white beans.   All the food was delicious.     We will definitely be back.   The kids are chicken nuggets that were great.  No processed foods here.Legit hole in the wall restaurant located in a slightly shady/questionable part of town. Shown on Food Network/Travel Channel (can't remember which maybe even both as I watch both for food recommendations), this place is known to have some darn good fried chicken. Damn, did it not disappoint! 
I ordered a plate of the fried chicken with a side of mac and cheese (which also came with peas), while my boyfriend ordered his with a side of the seasoned green beans. You can even ask for all white meat for an additional $3 charge. I love dark meat more so I was glad my plate came with a drumstick, thigh, and wing. The chicken was absolutely delicious. Moist, crispy, and all the things you look for in a good fried chicken. You could definitely taste the spices in the batter. I was in heaven and definitely didn't stop eating my plate until it was clean. 
As for the sides, I didn't think there was anything special about either of them as they were good, but nothing spectacular. However the seasoned green beans came on a plate of it's own, and definitely could have been it's own meal for me. Also, I've never liked peas (usually tend to stay away), but Willie Mae's had me eating all the ones off my plate. Parents might be able to convince their kids to clear their plate if they could cook their peas like Willie Mae's. Just saying! We also ordered some of the cornbread muffin, which was good as well. 
I would definitely suggest coming here if you're in town for some fried chicken. So worth the trip especially since it gets you away from the crowd on Bourbon.This is good fried chicken, not OMG great fried chicken.  Think to yourself, "assuming I already had fried chicken, as crispy as can be, what makes it better?"  Not much, except maybe more crispiness, and some subtle flavor differences.  Regardless, Willie Mae's stands as a strong landmark for good fried chicken, but don't expect any teardrops or fond fond fond fond fond memories.
The trick to experiencing great food is to set aside the hype.  How do YOU honestly feel about great food?  For me, at Willie Mae's, the lemonade.  I was thirsty, and normally water is my thirst quencher, but oh my goodness, the lemonade hits the spot without tasting like a sparkling lemon rip off.  The macaroni, according to my friend, is some of the best macaroni and cheese he has EVER had.  I thought it was really good but not holy cow amazing.  I ordered the green beans as well but do yourself a favor, if you are looking to not eat anything fried, go for beans instead of the green beans.
In essence, be prepared before your arrival.  The wait outside is in the sun so DO have sunscreen or an umbrella.  Is what you expect inside worth the wait?  I say for the price and the fun service, yes.  Again, it's good fried chicken.The most amazing comfort food, I've ever had! 
You can call me a connoisseur of rice, I am a true rice enthusiast and believe when I tell that the Rice and Butter Beans here are pure heaven. I also had the fried shrimps that were seasoned and cooked to perfection. There is something in that seasoning that I just can't pin point but man it's umm, umm, good! 
Oh, and don't forget the cornbread, you cannot leave without trying the cornbread, it would make you want to slap your mama and grandmamma. This place is a must try! you cannot leave New Orleans without eating here!Everything was to die for. Chicken came out piping hot and crispy. Mac n cheese was delicious and the mashed sweet potatoes were amazing!!Awesome ....just plain awesome, the food is fantastic but be prepared for a line...its just that good!