Had lunch today at their Grill restaurant.
Started with a bowl of cold mushy gumbo.
From there I was served a salad of hard/raw beets.
Ended with a cold steak.
My guest was served raw butternut squash and roast chicken with a long black human hair.
Very disappointingSpecial shout-out to the staff for being so cool and welcoming during the Nyx parade. You put the other hotels to shame. And I never knew cold chicken went so well with rosemary on a pita. Thank you and Happy Mardi Gras!This review is for the bar are only.  The ambiance and live music were the perfect touch for early evening cocktails but the rude waitress and terribly slow service ruined it for us.  There was only one waitress for the entire cocktail area, at least 80 people.  There was also only 1 bartender to make the drinks.  It took us over 35 minutes to get the waitress's attention, another 30 minutes to get our cocktails and another 25 minutes to get a glass of water.  We had dinner reservations to get to and were only planning to spend 30 minutes total there, but due to the lack of service staff it threw our whole night off.  The hotel itself look lovely."True Southern Service and Elegance"
A Four night stay at Windsor court revealed for us very attentive and friendly service. The Deluxe Suite room was spacious, quiet and tastefully decorated with a very comfortable bed and bedding. While the main bar was undergoing renovation, the temporary one set up in the lobby was capable, making excellent cocktails served with generous complimentary snacks. 
Location is ideal, as it is a short walk to the French Quarter, but equally important is its convenience to the up and coming Warehouse district. We walked to every dinner and lunch save for Commanders Palace
All in all, a very special property, one we recommend to friends. 
The only knock we would point out is that there appears the need for a freshening across the hotel. Minor examples of paint peeling in the bathroom, bathroom fixtures a bit tired and most obvious is the threadbare carpeting in the halls and lifts. None of these nitpicks are items that made our stay any less comfortable, but do separate a four point rating from a five.Windsor Court, Renaisance, W, Monteleone.  These are the best high-end hotels in New Orleans.  There are other places cheaper, but if you want quality you've found it.The polo lounge is a little piece of heaven! The service, atmosphere, and cocktails are out of this world!I feel as though there aren't enough adjectives to describe my positive experience this past weekend. My husband surprised me with reservations for the weekend at The Windsor Court. It was in celebration of my birthday. We had our two children 7 & 10 in tow. We only live about 90 miles from New Orleans so we are very familiar with the area. We had not stayed here before but now I can't imagine staying anywhere else. From start to finish it was a perfect treat. Everyone was so kind and at your full attention. It was a very slow weekend so the sweet bartenders allowed our children to sit at the bar with us. We had cocktails and they enjoyed sparkling grape juice. We had supper at The Grill Room our first night there. We really enjoyed the music and atmosphere. The suite was spacious and very accommodating for a family. We also really enjoyed the balcony overlooking the city! Thanks WC for a fabulous birthday celebration and I hope to be back soon!This hotel makes you feel like you are the prince of Monaco. The lobby alone is enough to let you know that you have arrived at a hotel that takes class serious. The service here is impeccable. The rooms are gorgeous. The entire experience of the hotel is of class and luxury. They have a spa located in the hotel that is five star. There is a good gym on the fourth floor. I don't quite agree with the layout however. The fact that there is good free weights and elliptical machines makes the gym very usable. It's in the heart of downtown but three blocks away from the French quarter. If you've got the money spend it at this hotel you will not be disappointed.What a beautiful, classic, old school hotel. Located in the biz district, it is the perfect distance to the quarter...just a short stroll. The staff has the most incredible southern charm and remembered my name each time I entered the hotel. The pool is small but perfect for a dip. The rooms are large with a separate sitting room and balcony. I wish they had coffee makers in the room but there's coffee in the lobby or the little shop has excellent cafe Auds last! The daily turn down service was a treat...a little praline each night!Located on the very edge of the historic French Quarter, near the Riverwalk Marketplace on the banks of the Mississippi, the Windsor Court is just a few minutes walk from Harrah's Casino, the aquarium, the Convention Center, and the Warehouse Arts District. Its spectacular public spaces and renowned European art collection - the largest in the American South, it includes original works by Reynolds and Gainsborough - have rightfully earned it recognition as one of "The Leading Hotels of the World." The unusually spacious accommodations, decorated with soothing pastels and original artwork, combine traditional English decor with modern amenities, and all have either a private balcony or bay window overlooking the river or the city skyline. They include three telephones, each with two incoming lines equipped with data port capabilities, high speed Internet access, a fully-stocked mini-bar, Italian linens made of 100% Egyptian cotton, a choice of feather, goosedown, or non-allergenic foam pillows, cable TV and VCR, marble bathrooms with top-of-the-line toiletries, thick terry robes, lighted makeup mirror, and hair dryer, an iron and ironing board, and a safe. Junior suites have a spacious seating area; full suites have a separate parlor and bedroom divided by French doors, a kitchenette or wet bar, and a dressing room. The property has a fully-equipped health club, with saunas, showers, and steam room, and an outdoor swimming pool, Jacuzzi whirlpool, and sundeck. The award-winning New Orleans Grill, featuring European cuisine that incorporates Louisiana products, is recognized as one of the country's top restaurants. Deluxe guest rooms range from $195 - 450.00, junior suites from $225 - 475.00, and full suites from $275 - 525.00.i've only stayed here once and it was longer ago than i care to admit but it was a lovely oasis in the middle of the quarter.  i remember  being speechless thanks to their phenomenal art collection -- not exactly what you expect in a boutique hotel.
our room was gorgeous:  large, nicely appointed, huge bathroom with all the trimmings and a truly phenomenal mattress.
i'm not sure you can do better in n.o.  i don't know that i'd want to try anything else.I just love this boutique hotel!  I stayed at the Windsor Court for 4 nights and have never slept so well!  The suite was beautiful and extremely spacious.  The staff was wonderful and provided superior customer service.  While I enjoyed my suite, the balcony and the bed, my favorite part of my stay was the turn down service and the delicious pralines they left for me and my family!
While I didn't dine at the restaurant due to my schedule, room service was fast and the food was delicious.  I was surprised to see that they offered afternoon tea onsite!!
Seriously, if you are looking for exceptional customer service on all levels, this is the place to be.  I can't say enough about this place.Great hotel a little away from quarter but in the perfect area if you like magazine st area. Right in between. Every thing is good about this place. Food, rooms, service. Will continue going to this place.The Windsor Court is a fine hotel but it feels like you are staying at your wealthy grandmothers house. The service level is very high but I don't think the overall experience matches the Ritz. The color palate of the rooms is a beige-blue with taupe trim and the curtains at are all flowery. Rooms are large and you often get upgraded to a suite when they aren't busy -- which is a plus. You can tell they updated he bathrooms and put in more contemporary stand up showers but closet space is sorely lacking -- which you might expect with a suite. 
Another particular nuisance is the speed of the complimentary internet. If you are going to offer it for free, it should be able to work consistently. It's painfully slow. Emails take forever to send and webpages crawl to existence. Forget watching Netflix. Proof of painfully slow speeds. http://www.speedtest.net/my-result/i/2232276872
The plumbing in the hotel is frustrating too. Showers will drop in water pressure when a toilet near you flushes. Hot water can be spotty at times. Our shower drain was clogged. I can imagine things like this are a challenge with older hotels but I would expect more from a hotel at this price point. 
The staff at the hotel is a bright spot. They seem very loyal and well trained. They do little things like add flowers to your suite (which were clearly leftover from an arrangement) but it's a smart touch. 
The bar is very good and the staff in the Polo Lounge is knowledgeable about cocktails and things to do in the city. You can tell they are passionate about New Orleans and it's exudes into their suggestions as they give you ideas of things to do in the city. 
Valet parking is $44-50 a day. Park elsewhere as this is ridiculous. 
Beds at the hotel are large and comfortable. The pillows are down and a favorite for the picky traveler.I would give this hotel 10 stars if I could...there is no hotel in New Orleans that comes close in comparison.  We were booking a last minute road trip with our 2 kids, ages 11 and 8 and found out there was a convention in the city, so most hotels were  sold out.  I was lucky enough to stumble upon this hotel on orbitz and they were having their 30th anniversary sale, with 30% off.  So, this actually made it one of the cheapest hotels available for weekend.  From the minute you pull into courtyard, you know you are somewhere special.  Every single staff member we encountered were more than accommodating and helpful.  We walked into our room (full suite) and it was bigger than some condos I've been in.  Large living room, wet bar with mini fridge, large balcony, huge bedroom, bathroom and vanity area.  Fresh pralines at night, amazing  pool area and nice fitness center just put this hotel over the top.  Would return in a heart beat and it will be hard to come to New Orleans and stay anywhere else. Running into Paul Mccartney at the fitness center and also leaving for his concert make this an unforgettable trip.  An amazing oasis of a hotel, just steps outside the madness of the Quarter.I've stayed in a lot of places in New Orleans and none of them stand out. This one does - a little. 
It is very elegant and well appointed. It has a happening bar. It is an old hotel that has been redone well. The beds are comfortable. The room accomodations are a little Spartan. Pool looks nice and workout facility is just okay.  The staff is nice, accomodating and well trained. I liked that they had a bidet in the room. Hated that it didn't work. The housekeeping service was poor. They didn't clean well and they didn't re-stock well but at least they were nice. 
Smiley face but I don't know that I liked it enough to make it my hotel of choice for New Orleans. Then again, I haven't found one better.I came here with a friend on Friday for lunch.  I ordered a glass of the Daou wine.  $17.00/glass.  Whew I thought that was a wee bit much.  I ordered the 4 course meal I started with the butternut squash soup.  It really was delicious.  I had the redfish almondine which was pretty good.  Cauliflower was more spicy than I thought with their chili glaze.  I also had the Brussels sprouts.  They were good.  I really wish the food came out hot.  Mine was just warm.We stayed at the Windsor Court around Thanksgiving last year, celebrating a special occasion. Chose it mainly because it's a luxury hotel in a great location. We loved every second of it. From arriving and getting out of the car, through check-in, room service...everything, staff were attentive and friendly.
All rooms are suites so you'll have no complaints about size, if size matters that is. The bed is enormous and was incredibly comfortable. The placement of the TV was a bit strange but given the doors to the lounge area, I'm not sure how it could have been done differently. The bathroom was pretty big too and well stocked. The shower was great, tall enough to fit my height and with a bench area to relax on too. Our view was down over the pool, across Harrah's toward the Mississippi, nice to people watch while you're cocooned in the room. 
As I said, we had booked for a special occasion and the hotel didn't disappoint. They provided a bottle of champagne and chocolate dipped strawberries for us to enjoy, which was a nice surprise.
We had one issue with breakfast the next morning when they were unable to meet a drink request but apart from that, it's certainly five stars from me. It would be my first choice if we need a downtown NOLA hotel.Exceptional hotel. Clean, spacious, friendly staff and wow what a view from the concierge floor!I think my main issue is the fact that I was evacuated from the hotel during a false fire alarm at 2AM. Then, the alarm test continued for about 2 hours. The service was marginal at best from the very moment I stepped in the door. I called in for a couple simple items, such as a tooth brush and a robe that never came. Never during my entire 2 night stay was anything prompt, besides the Grill Room which was good, if extraordinarily expensive. They left stuff in the room, alcohol, etc that was half consumed. They charged me for 2 capacinos that I never received then took 30 minutes to adjust my bill while I waited. Then, when I asked them to comp me some coffee for the upstairs lounge, they looked at me as if I was being unreasonable though they complied with the request. 
My advice: Spend your $400 by going to the Marriott,Hilton, Hyatt, etc... save the cash and have a few night caps as a bonus. 
Sincerely,
Steve M.I attended a conference here last spring - the hotel and the rooms within were gorgeous.   The room was very comfortable, the conference rooms were well appointed and the food we had was delicious.  This is a great location, too, as you can walk to the French Quarter and Riverfront, but it's a little bit quieter than if you were to stay right on Bourbon or Canal street.  I would definitely stay here again if I were traveling to New Orleans.Best hotel I have found in New Orleans. Make sure you stay on the Concierge floor. Breafast every day, drinks throughout the day and then snacks in the evening.This was hands down the best hotel I've ever stayed in. There were over 100 of us here for a company conference for three days and they treated us like royalty. EVERYONE received a suite which was sweet!!! Food was excellent, turn down service was top notch and the staff was wonderful. I couldn't have asked for a better location. The Harrah's Casino is directly across the street, Canal is seconds away and Bourbon isn't far at all. I thought we would need an uber to get around but we never did. The walk to a number of bars and restaurants is super easy. Stay here... you won't regret it!This review is only based on the Catering Department. Went with a large group for a Christmas party, the service was ok but the food was either hot food served cold or cold food served warm.  Cold Foie Gras,over cooked Halibut, undercooked risotto etc. I know it is difficult to serve a group of over 100, but this is the Windsor Court?
the Holiday decerations thru out the Hotel were nice.This place is beautiful.  Been here several times for events and their rooms are very nice and usually overlook the pool.  Fun!This is the premiere hotel that I have stayed in during any trip I've been on. It's nice and tucked away and the staff is extremely accommodating despite the construction that was going on during our stay.
Be sure to have a meal at the Grill Room or the Polo Lounge as well. The only comparable hotels in the city would be the Sonesta or the International House.We held a business meeting here for several attorneys and everyone was very pleased with the guest rooms, meeting space, and food. Volker Dicks and Daniel Leavitt made the process of planning everything very easy. We are already planning another meeting there as well and definitely plan to make Windsor Court our preferred destination for future meetings. I would absolutely recommend this hotel to other businesses and individuals looking for a great New Orleans experience!By far the best place to stay in New Orleans.  The location is great for anything you'd like to do.  You aren't confined to the quarter or garden district, just right in the middle.  Not to mention right across the street from the casino.  But what makes it so great is their appreciation of repeat guests and it shows in their staff.   The valets, concierge and even room service staff know me by name. It truly feels like coming to my home away from home.
They just opened their spa and couldn't fit it into my last trip but really looking forward to it.My kids and I stayed here earlier this month while my aunt was visiting. We needed two rooms which were at the end of the hallway across from each other with the hallway closed off for us. It was a large 2 bedroom 2 bathroom suite with all sorts of views. Each room had a vanity area and one had a living room. Both rooms were huge and luxurious. The beds were comfortable and we all slept well. 
We visited the pool area but didn't get in the water because it had been raining. But we ordered food at the pool. It was much too expensive. $9 for a hot dog. Just a regular hot dog. Nothing fancy about it. And $17 for a quesadilla with too many onions and peppers and what seemed to be liquid cheese. We didn't eat anything else at the hotel. 
The service we received while staying at the Windsor Court was exceptional. My aunt requested feather free bedding and it was delivered within 10 minutes. There were little chocolates left for us each night and the kids looked forward to that. Since it rained most of the time and we didn't have umbrellas we were able to borrow nice sturdy ones from the concierge. The hotel must have a million umbrellas because it seemed as if a million people were also borrowing them too. It was quite convenient because it was really raining hard. 
Parking is rather expensive at the hotel but it was not difficult to find street parking right outside or within a block. We stayed out most of the day and parked in the evening when it was free and just walked around to local restaurants or wherever we needed to go.
The hotel is located near the french quarter, Harrah's casino, the CBD, the streetcar, the river, museums, restaurants, and many other things.This is truly an elegant hotel in NOLA.  It is conveniently located to downtown, the French Quarter and a short drive to Uptown. We were upgraded to a very nice suite on the 17th floor overlooking the Mississippi River.  The service was incredible.  We enjoyed drinks before dinner and the breakfasts are incredible.  We didn't get a chance to eat at the hotel's restaurant but it is supposed to be great.  We'll check it out next time.  If you are visiting NOLA with a car, this is a great hotel to stay at.  The parking is a bit expensive, but the valet service is quick and the hotel is very easy to get in and out of to your destination by car. This will definitely be a go to hotel for us in NOLA.tree lighting this year surpassed my.expectations  service is impeccable  many epicurean delights  in a casual sandwich assemblage. sharing in the thirty year anniversary celebration will be memorable. the many dignitaries welcomed all
this year tree lightings are scheduled to make the season abundant with opportunities. tonight is roosevelt tree lighting
most importantly  these events include holiday cheer from local musicians. last night a small band. 
roosevelt offers a lively jazz pianist bringing holiday favorites often unexpected classicsRoom is tiny and filthy dirty. Service and food in restaurant on second floor is absolutely terrible. Almost two hours for breakfast. This is a third or fourth rate hotel at best.  Only one positive is staff in concierge floor is exceptional.What a fantastic hotel. Feels quaint and has a lot of southern charm and class. I was upgraded to a deluxe room and the room is terrific. Comfy beds, tons of space and the view from the 18th floor is wonderful. Friendly staff and a great location. You're close enough to bourbon st that you can walk but far enough away that you can escape the chaos. Having Harrahs next door isn't awful either.As always a great upscale hotel in a good location.  Service was wonderful!  Family loved it and will stay again.Consistently awesome. From the bellmen at the front door to the staff in the club lounge, this place is the finest hotel in the USA. Sheets, beds, towels, maids, food and drinks  are all wonderful. 
Don't skimp and stay somewhere else. Not a fluke, I've been staying here for 15 years.The Windsor Court is truly a gem, providing a luxurious and inexpensive five-day vacation. We stayed at the club level, which was undoubtedly worth the price. The morning, afternoon and evening spreads in the club were plentiful and delicious. The space was well-designed and comfortable and the rooftop balconies were especially delightful. Josie the club concierge gave great recommendations and Alyx is a phenomenal club attendant. He was attentive, funny, and remembered our preferences each day. He's also a creative bartender -- ask for a Manhattan with an Alyx and he'll surprise you with a great cocktail. 
Housekeeping service was excellent and adjusted cleaning and turndown times to our daily schedule. They seemed to know when our spa appointments were and came to clean our room while we were gone. The concierge was also responsive and even preemptive, which was appreciated. 
One downside is they don't provide outdoor furniture for the balcony, so bring your own if you can or drag the suite furniture out if it's not raining. 
The spa wasn't bad but probably the least impressive thing about the hotel. The service was inconsistent and the space was cluttered with products for sale. It would be fine for a run-of-the-mill corner spa but didn't live up to the expectation (or the price) of a five-star hotel spa. 
The room was well-lit and immaculately decorated. Loved the granite and marble bathroom and remarkably comfortable bed. 
The fitness center is well-stocked and it even has a rowing machine. Poolside was comfortable and the service was attentive. Tyler especially did a great job. 
The location is great, within walking distance of the French Quarter and business district. Parking is expensive but the valet is fast and courteous. No problem with taking and returning the car throughout the day, when several times a day. 
All in all a fantastic vacation at a great price. We'll be back to the Windsor Court!$60M worth or art on display at this 5 start hotel.  Of course i will give it a five star rating here too. Was there on business so didn't get to fully enjoy the deluxe suite.  Want to go back ASAP.While poor service is expected during Mardi Gras, I would have thought the service at the Polo Club Lounge at Windsor Court would have been the exception.  3 bar tenders, at least 5 floor waiters and one very flustered manager appearing person later, no exception.  Horrible service, including going to the bar to order and then only received 2 of the 3 drinks we ordered. Had to go back for that.  After $86.00 including an automatic service charge we left.  Will not go back and by the way, really sad attitude by concierge who told us she had nothing to do with "the people upstairs".  SadBeautiful hotel with a classy old feel.  Rooms are large, styled in a classic southern style.  Staff was super friendly.  Really couldn't have asked for more.I have never been so in love with a hotel before! 
We flew in early, got to the hotel at 10am. I had called ahead and requested an early check in. They were happy to accommodate and had a room available right when we arrived. 
The room was gorgeous and very spacious. We had a double queen room with a nice view of the city. What I enjoyed the most was the extra mirror space for getting ready! 
The service at this hotel is truly incredible. Everyone is so nice, opening doors for you and helping with anything you may need. 
Their gym is great as well. They have it all - treadmill elliptical rower bikes weights and even a power plate! They also have fruit and cold wet towels in there for after your workout. The pool is nice but wasn't heated (February), which was a bummer. They were also doing some work to the area which would explain the lack of heat. 
We were there for a wedding, and they did a great job in that department as well. The wedding was absolutely gorgeous and they treated everyone in the wedding like royalty :). Thank you WC!First stay in New Orleans, this is at the high end for us but we feel it's worth it. Staff was very friendly and professional. Everything was clean and in excellent condition. The location was perfect for walking to eat, riding the trolleys, and stopping back to rest or use the bathroom.The location is very convenient and the suites were very spacious, though dated. We spent a weekend with a group of friends and enjoyed the hotel overall, though found the service to be lacking. (With the exception of valet who were extremely courteous and efficient)
Upon check-in we found trash, bottle caps, and a dental floss pick on the floor/under the bed and twice asked housekeeping to remove them (finally removed on the third day). We had to call down each day for housekeeping to service the room as they did not appear before 5pm on two days (did not change sheets as requested nor replenish amenities in bathroom). The bedroom television did not work upon check-in and also took the hotel two days to address. To add to the general lack of concern, a few days following our stay I discovered an erroneous charge of $111 on my account that the hotel has yet to resolve.We had the pleasure of staying at the WC over Labor Day weekend, and I have to say that it was a wonderful experience- the hotel staff was on top of their game and made our stay very enjoyable- our room was first class and the service was excellent- the Polo Lounge, while legitimately pricey, was what a lounge should be- good drinks, great service, great piano player and very friendly. Would go back in a heartbeat! Thanks to all!Never stayed here but the party is dope!! I had a great time with friends. Drink were strong just perfect for me. The hotel was nicely decorated upscale.An old world 5 star hotel with the charm that has been lost in the modern day hotel chains that now dominate NOLA.  It's an oasis near the craziness of the French Quarter.  We stayed in a large corner suite with views of the water.  The service is excellent.  Really enjoyed the Polo Lounge for martinis and jazz.The nicest staff ever. Better then any place I have ever stayed. I highly recommend the club level. Friendly and professional employees. Our rooms were wonderful. We were celebrating the 50th birthday of a friend with a big group. Everyone may us feel very special. I would never dream of staying anywhere else when in New Orleans.Beautiful hotel, excellent service, everything was top of the line. The staff was amazing and the club level had great food and amazing views. I will be staying here again.We have stayed here multiple times and again the suite that we had was very nice. The location is the best. Check in was a little slow and the room was not ready. You  would think that when we arrived he would have called to get it ready. The front desk staff was not that helpful or friendly. The bellmen were always friendly and ready to assist.Although the hotel was 1/2 empty  I was put in the smallest worse room in the hotel because I had booked with HotelClub. I asked that since they were empty(off-season) for a better room but they were unrelenting. I guess it's back to the Monteleone next trip. I had stayed at Windsor Court the last 4-5 times we were in NO.We stayed at the Windsor court hotelier a family vacation. It was classic and beautiful clean and in a good safe location. Service was very very good and there was a pool , spa , and a fitness center. They were all dry fun and the kids loved it. We had a great time at the Windsor court hotel. We highly recommend to this hotel for your stay.Okay....let me just preface this by saying that I think this place is beautiful and will be a 5 star if they can work out a few kinks!
I'm still a guest here and will be departing tomorrow, I doubt management will address this as they haven't addressed the issues this far! Staying here for a conference, when we checked in, one room out of our 3 was not correct with our check out date--- after about 45 minutes finally figured out!
We have been here 3 mornings .... NO HOT WATER IN THE MORNINGS!!! We've been told that this is due to renovations and "it takes a whole to run through the closed floors....just lett it run about 30-40 minutes" .....I'm sorry but I am not adding an extra hour to my day just to get a hot shower. Now this morning we were informed that there will be watered interruptions from 10 am -12 Am "due to unforeseen water issues".
Issue number three: housekeeping.  The room is clean, but everyday we have had to call for somethingnthatnhasnt been replaced....towels, soap, etc.  Tonight we waited 5 hours for washcloths and toilet paper....not acceptable, even at the Super 8!!!!
Would I stay again???? probably not....I think there are some serious issues with this supposed 5-star Hotel!!!We came here for tea. Lovely place. Peaceful. Superb service. If you really like the tea as much as the food, you will not be disappointed as they have obviously taken care in finding very good teas to serve. For a small additional fee you are fed one toast with caviar and one with salmon in addition to one alcoholic beverage. I could have lived without although a nice champagne. Food as we would have expected. Have had better (in England) but we were happy. And quite full! This is a great experience and a great way to spend time with my wife and daughter.Gorgeous hotel. Very good size suite with extremely comfortable beds and wonderful soft but crisp sheets. Loved my stay including the nightly pralines during turn down serviceGuess what this place is gorgeous, has excellent customer service, concierge and beautiful rooms that are clean with comfy beds. I checked into this hotel on my 30th birthday and guess what we were upgraded from a standard Hotwire mystery room to a deluxe suite on the 19th floor. Happy Birthday to me!! We stayed here 2 nights. 
The staff was helpful, delivered our bags to the room, had turn down service every night and even turned on the tv so we wouldn't come back to a quiet room. You even get a praline each night as a snack. The free slippers are a nice perk and the robes are super comfy. The hotels balcony views left much to be desired as we just saw buildings and not the riverfront. 
I appreciated all the doormen at the front ready and willing to make a customer feel at home. 
The suite was spacious and had an excellent vanity area to get ready. The hotel was quiet but is a 15-20 min walk back to the French quarter . You are quite close to a great place to eat home cooking called Mothers. I did not try room service or any food at the actual hotel. The mini bar prices were a little on the high side as well for standard snacks and you couldn't use the fridge for leftovers without being charged a restocking fee. 
The hotel provides a lot of standard amenities and extras as well -mouthwash, toothpaste, razor, toothbrush, shave gel, cuties, cotton pads, loofah. I have to say that for being such a high end hotel though the shampoo and conditioner were still not up to par. The spa does have Moroccan and Coola products though. 
It was nice to stay in such a beautiful hotel and walk around the grounds because everything is so beautiful and the hotel has a modern yet Victorian charm .The best thing about this hotel is that it was free. The place is very dated. If you think "Scarface" is still cool, then you might enjoy this trip back to the early eighties. We were comped a suite after two horrific experiences at the restaurant in the hotel. The "super cool" old school TV on a lift at the foot of the bed didn't work and maintenance couldn't fix it. Why would anyone pay money for this? We've stayed at many places in New Orleans and would never go back to this dying elephant. Go to the W, go to the JW Marriott, go to the Bourbon Orleans, go anywhere but here!This is by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at.  Not only is their food incredible but the employees are way above par. The assistant GM, Ralph, is a pleasure to deal with and personally helped me with a situation that another hotel had lost my luggage including my wallet, car keys, house keys, and computer. The employees here not only calmed me down and accommodated me, but also worked with the GM at the other hotel that had lost my stuff to locate and deliver my lost items to me. Shout out to Tamera at the front desk as well as she really helped me out with this scenario by brainstorming ways for me to get my stuff back. And also Jason at the bar. Anytime I come to New Orleans I will be staying at this hotel. Thank you again to all the employees for going above and beyond.Hotel being remodeled.  The upgraded rooms are fantastic.  Suites are roomy and well appointed.  Good restaurant on site.  Great service staff.I came here for business in the winter (sadly, I cannot afford this kind of luxury on my own). I got upgraded to a junior suite, which was great, and the staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating. The location is within walking distance of CBD and the French Quarter, so I was able to take groups to both Emeril's and a restaurant in the Quarter and was able to wander around when I had a little down time. My room was lovely and had two balconies overlooking hoards of birds that hang out in the trees in the back - what's up with that, by the way? You can tell that this is one of the nicest hotels in the city because in the lobby in the evening, everyone seemed to be clad in tuxes and gowns (I felt pretty out of my league) and I even had an awkward run-in with a celebrity who thought I was an employee...but that's another story. 
I'm only deducting a star because I wouldn't recommend holding a business event here. The contact was difficult to get in touch with, and it was easy to tell that business meetings are not their forte. The space is nice (a gorgeous Victorian room) but they seem to be more set up for social events based on issues with catering, technology setup, etc.  If you can afford to stay here, by all means do so, but think twice before hosting a business meeting here.$200 worth of just-purchased merchandise was snatched from my room. I had to ask to be reimbursed. 5 stars? They would have been more apologetic at the Best Western.
You have been warned.This was a totally solid 4* hotel experience, in a perfect location in NoLa.  
My wife and I visited New Orleans for the first time last week, to celebrate our 8th anniversary and I don't think we could have chosen a better hotel.  The location was perfect for us!  A nice 10 minute walk to the French quarter or the Business District, 5 minutes to Riverwalk or the Canal Shops.  So it's close enough to walk to our dinners and barhopping adventures, and just far enough from Bourbon St. and the French Quarter to be an oasis of good service and peaceful nights' rest.
The service in the lobby was consistently excellent.  Really 5*.  The concierges and valets and bellmen couldn't be any more helpful or pleasant.  They all handled our many daily requests absolutely perfectly.  Our dinner reservations and cancellations and courier handling, and other requests were handled perfectly.  You can really count on them, which I expect from a great hotel but don't always get.
So, where do they lose a *?  A few little things.  
   The housekeeping could be better.  We found the maid's apron on the chair in our room and couldn't imagine an altruistic scenario where that's something that could happen!  And believe me, we tried.  (so, there was a puppy falling from a higher floor and in lunging to save her the maid's apron somehow fell off and with all the excitement and meshugaas of saving the puppy she didn't notice that it had fallen?).  Also the room was never spotless.  For me, great housekeeping not only wipes down the surfaces but actually does a little tidying of my haphazardly strewn clothes.  There was zero tidying.  
   The "Afternoon Tea", oddly offered at 11am or 2pm on weekends was just OK compared with the great tea services I've had - but this is more a review of Le Salon and doesn't really cost them a star.
   You should get a bottle or 2 of water each day.  Failing that, a bottle shown as $4 in the minibar shouldn't be $7.83 upon checkout.  I don't care to read the fine print in the minibar menu.  $4 should not get to almost $8.  That's offensive and a horrible way to end someone's great stay.  And it's also a horrible way to end a great review of a great hotel but this is where I'll leave it, as it seems fair.This hotel TOTALLY made our NOLA trip! The location of this place is PHENOMENAL if you are able to walk a bit. You are within a mile or less of just about anything you'd want to do. My mom and I walked ALL over town, and coming back to this hotel was the perfect place to kick back and rest up for the next day. The turn down service was very cute and nice with complimentary treats. The concierge helped us on multiple occasions, and we enjoyed all the recommendations. We were VERY pleased with Windsor Court.Newly renovated, this beautiful and elegant hotel is perfected located on the edge of the French Quarter. Within easy walking distance to  Bourbon Street and the warehouse district, it provides a quiet respite after a full day of sightseeing and dining. The rooms are spacious and the furnishings are well maintained.  I highly recommend the two bedroom suite which provides a river view and feels more like a private wing than a suite. The concierge was terrific and house keeping was prompt and courteous. Truly a delightful stay.I stayed here during a conference for work and was impressed with the level of service that was received. I don't normally splurge on nice hotels myself and am used to conferences being in mega hotels such as the Gaylord. 
The rooms were nice, but not the absolute nicest I've stayed in.  My room had that old world Victorian vibe with a comfy bed and nice TV. The service; however, is really what stood out. 
The door crew was incredibly nice. While the concierge was helpful and pointed me to touristy restaurants (despite asking for where the locals go), the door crew, especially Byron, pointed me to the real deal. I also met the cleaning lady for my room and she was quite talkative with lots of charm. I've been to very few hotels where the cleaning staff appears happy.  She remembered me as she saw me in the hallway a few times and asked about my stay. 
Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. I got the corporate rate of 200 a night. I would probably pay that again, but not much higher unless the room was upgraded to something nicer.We went during the Christmas season, so the hotel lobby was tastefully decorated with a huge Christmas tree with a train set around it.  A little creepy with a life size Santa next to his sleigh though.
We had a red eye flight, and arrived at around 7 am.  I know that check in is not until 4 pm, but I arrived and asked anyway.  They gave us a room right away.  I was so grateful for that.  The front desk people and the concierge were all helpful and nice people.  The concierge recommended a great plantation tour for us.
The room is huge, it has an area with mirrors for the ladies, that is never heard of.  It has so much room that we can lay out our suitcases.  
This area is a quiet area, but close enough that you can walk to the French Quarters in about 10 mins.  About 20 mins to the WWII museum.  Or 5 mins to the bus on Magazine street. This location is perfect if you don't want to be bothered by the noise on the streets.  It is at a corner so no one really walks pass without a purpose.
If you are going during Christmas, I would recommend you making a reservation for their tea service at 10 am 1 pm or 3 pm.  I didn't know, so I didn't have a chance, but the menu really looked fantastic.  Actually, I told them to put me on the waitlist and they did call me when they had a cancellation.  Too bad it was on the day when I have to leave town, so I couldn't make it. 
The swimming pool is small, so I wouldn't expect to do my exercise in the pool.  However, the gym is quite well equipped.  They offer apples, oranges and sometimes bananas in there.  They have ice cold towels ready as well.   
Each night when they turn down the bed, they offer you a Praline, or piece of chocolate.  We even had Xmas cookies too.
I know this hotel looks a little old, but I feel like it is clean, and that's what matters the most to me.  I had a great time there, so will you.I had a fantastic time at this hotel!
I got an amazing deal at this hotel through Gilt Groupe at $90 a night for a room with a King sized bed, a living room, an amazing bathroom area with a large vanity and other details. We freaking had one of those tv's where it sits in a box at the foot of your bed and you push a button and it elevates! I've never had one of those before! The kitchen does look it's never been touched since the hotel first opened but who the hell is going to use the kitchen if you're such a short walk from the French Quarter, home of the best restaurants in the world? The bathroom is also pretty basic...it did come with a bidet, a butt-washer....me and my boyfriend were too scared to test it and I couldn't really figure out how to turn it on.
This hotel is extravagant and over the top, especially when it comes to the other guests here, the customer service and about 50% of the interior design. The lobby is pretty breathtaking. When I walked in, there were these old grandpas in suits chatting in the lobby...I felt like I was at some swanky country club. The front desk people were so accommodating; I felt like royalty and I was also a little....weirded out by it I guess. I thought to myself "I wonder what this amazing front desk guy with the pseudo English accent thinks of two 21 yr olds checking into this place".
The Windsor Court is a short walk from the French Quarter, The Riverwalk, and across the street from Harrah's for those who like to gamble (very awesome, pirate-y decor...so cool!)
This hotel, to me, epitomized extravagance (even if the decor is starting to get a little outdated)...and the customer service is top of the line. You will feel like royalty here. It's not modern, like the W next door. I give them 5 stars especially because of the service, the comfortable room, etc. I'm not knocking off stars because things are slightly out-dated (at least there weren't bugs or unidentifiable stains on anything!!!) 
I would definitely book with this hotel again if I head back to New Orleans again (*crosses fingers*)Huge rooms, great location, puts you in the middle of anything you could possibly want in New Orleans.  If you plan ahead you can get a three star hotel price for a much nicer hotel.  What is there to complain about?Having received a super deal through their website, hubby and I stayed for a four night stretch in August. We stayed at the Royal Sonesta a year earlier, and while it is nicely situated on Bourbon, we wanted to try something different and a little more high end. 
We checked in very late (1 am or so) after a flight in from the OC and had no problems. Very quick and polite. The room itself was larger than most people's apartments. We had decided to go with the Full Suite and I requested a river view. Everything was all set up perfectly for us. 
I read a few of the reviews by others. I will tell you that this is not the kind of place you stay at if you are looking for a trendy "W" experience (which is right next door BTW). The furnishings are what you might call "classic". Yes, some of them were a little outdated and apparently the hotel is being slowly remodeled. The galley/kitchen should probably be on the tops of their lists for remodeling. The fridge worked fine but looked to be about 25 years old. This is NOT an exaggeration. 
The Polo Lounge was great for drinks and light eats. The pool was clean, big enough and had constant attention by the staff. I think it would have been nice for the pool to have a bar, though apparently you can order food/drinks to be delivered there. 
I would not consider this a family hotel though there were families staying here. I am not a big fan of kids splashing around and screaming in the pool at the top of their lungs and their parents doing nothing to stop it. I don't have a problem with most kids - just the poorly behaved ones and since this is considered a "fancy" hotel, I think it is up to the parents to keep their kids in line with that level of clientele. Okay, diatribe over. 
Part of our package included daily breakfast - this covered either the grill or room service. Since we aren't really morning people, we got room service twice. Overall, very good food. The bill both times was over $80 so it being comped was very welcomed. 
Not a far walk to the Quarter. Taxis are lined up outside the hotel. Short walk to the river front. 
Based on the size and cleanliness of the rooms, excellent service and amenities we would definitely stay here again if we got it for the same price.A beautiful old hotel with memorable pink roses everywhere and elegant southern charm.  The staff was lovely and professional. The classic decor of this hotel was truly special.
A newly renovated gym and infinity pool was a great amenity to have to enjoy the ace-weather of my stay. 
I struggled with this review since I really found this hotel special and comfortable. I caution that if you're expecting modern amenities, this place is not for you. The guestrooms showed their age, somewhat and I really struggled with the hot water in the shower.  The TVs had a limited number of stations.Gorgeous rooms. Great bar and lobby area! Enjoyed the live music on Friday night! 
Incredible service down to the doormen and valet. 
Definitely staying here next visit to Nola!!!I spent three wonderful nights here a few weeks ago.  All rooms are suites, bedroom and a living room.  I was alone, but there were 3 sinks, two in the bathroom and one next to it in a separate area.
When I first walked into the lobby, I was flabbergasted ... it was HUGE with many different sections, bar, concierge desk, check in desk, a small shop, sitting areas... My first thoughts were that this was going to be a confusing place to stay and to get assistance.  Boy, was I WRONG.
The service from everyone I encountered was flawless.  I had to asked a lot of questions during my stay and everyone I spoke with was kind, friendly,  knowledgeable  and very professional.  
My room had a small balcony over looking the city which was an added plus.
I can't say enough about the Windsor Court and I definitely will stay there on a future visit.Fantastic hotel right in the heart of old New Orleans. Impeccable service with highly trained staff. I will recommend to friends! Thanks Ross!Windsor Court is a beautiful hotel in a fantastic location.  It's quaint, unique and our stay was enjoyable with the exceptions below.
Should others choose WC?  Really depends on your expectations regarding service.
Unfortunately, we won't be back.  There were just too many service issues that when collectively considered suggest a high disregard for top of the line service.  For example - we stayed four nights and the guest before us evidently smoked on the balcony and used a beer bottle as an ash tray.  Despite being one foot from the glass balcony door, this bottle was not removed by house keeping over the entire four day stay.  Our minibar and other common items were not completely restocked each night.  Our bathtub needed service.  We ordered room service which took 50 minutes; our order was missing a couple of items but we chose to ignore it instead of the hassle of trying to get the right items.
One afternoon, we asked the concierge for a recommendation.  As a side note, the concierge staff as a group is adequate at best.  Travis sent us on a 10 to 15 minute walk.  When we arrived at the restaurant, the hostess looked at us like we were nuts.  She said they were completely booked at least a week in advance, a fact any knowledgeable concierge would know.
And as a final insult, the housekeeper was going door-to-door at 9:00 a.m. on our final day (one in which we hoped to sleep late) ringing door bells and knocking exclaiming, "housekeeping".  I answered the door and noticed that our door and many of the others had our privacy - do not disturb signs hanging from the handle.
A couple of these mishaps?  No big deal.  As a collection?  It suggests a systemic problem at this hotel.  I'm quite certain that I can find a hotel in NO for $400 a night that has a much clearer understanding of five star service.This was my first stay @ Windsor Court and I have to say, they are now my NOLA go to hotel! I always assumed the room rates would be really high, but they are not much different from other hotels in the area. The whole hotel has been updated, with a new outstanding Spa. My loyalty comes from the unbelievable service!! I needed a DVR in the room, I got it instantly, no charge. I forgot my antiperspirant, housekeeping had some brought to my room in under 10 minutes...free. I ordered room service twice. It arrived both times in under 25 minutes, the food was still HOT and it was delicious! It has been decades since I have had a great room service experience. Polo Club and Lounge...fantastic! Roger and Jason made me feel at home immediately. Every patron I met @ Polo Lounge is fiercely loyal not only to the hotel but to the staff as well. I will never stay anywhere else!J'ai pass 3 jours  la nouvelle orlans pour raisons professionnelles; le windsor court hotel est parfaitement situ pour accder aux points stratgiques de la ville. 
Le personnel de l'hotel est irrprochable et procure un service de qualit; au niveau du logement, certains dtails non apparents d'emble mriteraient d'tre corrigs: prise electrique defectueuse, meuble endommag, impossibilit d'obtenir une fermeture complte des rideaux... tout un tas de petits tracas qui me laissent  penser qu'un 4 diamonds des usa n'est pas encore le nec plus ultra de l'hotellerie. 
Cela tant, c'est encore une des meilleures adresses de la ville o je retournerais volontiersIf you are of the 1 percent this is the hotel for you. First class service and the hotel of Presidents and Kings. Us littles can come and play dress up and enjoy the "High Tea" and biscuits. I was here for a private function and the food was the best I have ever seen. Filet mignon on a buffet? You know you are rolling with the big boys. Hope to come and enjoy the good life, one day my friends, one day.Super swanky place. 
Seriously. 
They now serve bar food. 
Seriously. 
You can act like a local with these tips...
1) Bar Food: 
Go to the Polo Club late night til 2am and order the truffle fries & cheeseburger w/ Talligo cheese inside the patty topped off with foie gras of course!
2) Tea:
A good spot for ladies to have tea and scones on a Sunday afternoon to recover from heavy drinking.
3) Alcohol 101:
The Polo Club Lounge is also now offering monthly classes/tastings of whiskey, scotch, and all that good stuff. Get schooled in liqueur while getting your drink on. So Nawlins'.My boyfriend and I visited NOLA for a weekend. We are young (20's) so we weren't sure if the Windsor Court would suit us well. 
Boy were we wrong:
They were able to honor a good price and upgraded us to a suite because my family (long time Tulanians) has stayed there for the last 30-something years. 
From the moment you set foot on the property the staff treats you like royalty. Everything from the enthusiastic smiles of the bellhops to the smiley concierge to the   helpful towel boys by the pool - this place makes you feel right at home. 
The room was beautifully renovated ... bathrooms were all marble clean and sooooo comfortable. Fluffy pillows and super comfortable sheets and bed. 
It was a PLEASURE staying here despite how young we were. After hopping through the french quarter at night, it was so refreshing and delightful to come back to a cosy clean quiet home. 
We cancelled our reservations at the W french quarter after hearing about their renovations and visited the hotel while we were in town --- cannot tell you how thankful we were we chose to stay at Windsor court!! 
I'm glad I stayed and will DEFINITELY be continuing my families legacy and staying there in my future visit.Extraordinarly good service, even though they still have staffing problems after Katrina.  The club level is the finest I've ever seen.  The bar and restaurant are "old New Orleans".  Truly excellent.I'm truly a big fan of Windsor Court. I spend a lot of time here.  They have the polo lounge, the grill room and seem to always have the best events here. You want a great drink, you definitely need something from the polo lounge. Its awesome and I love the classy setup. Food, The Grill room gives an amazing food experience and the best tea I have ever had in my LIFE. 
I recently visited an awards ceremony in the Gallery. A very nice setup. Great for small to medium scaled events with a sit-down dinner/lunch experience. Great setup and near the pool. Also, a wonderful and friendly staff. This is definitely one of my favorite hotels. Even if you not staying check it out for one of the other great experiences that can be found here.The suites are very spacious, clean, and well-maintained. The rooms are very light with tasteful decor. The drapes are heavy enough to block out most of the midday sun, which allows for a little one to take a nap after a long day. 
One of the few hotel rooms with enough space to actually put away one's clothes from the suitcases!