Damn yelp really needs a half star addition, for Wits Inn is really 3.5 stars. The bar is situated in the middle of the room in a square shape opposed to your typical runway bar. The front is full of low tables and chairs, the back holds the pool table and dart board. Seating all along the three sides of the bar. The Inn is bright with tv's everywhere( Waaaaay to many for me, but if its your thing...). The place is clean, the staff is very friendly and they have frequent specials.
   The kitchen is open until midnight, 2 AM on Fridays and Saturdays. The food is real solid pizza/ pub grub at a reasonable price. Now the place has a bit of an ill feel to it, with all the tvs, the brightness, the decor, just makes it seem like your drinking in an 80's video game parlor. They pour short, which is obviously a HUGE issue. There is an internet Juke box, which I believe is the WORST invention to ever plague a bar. There is Waaaaay to much plastic being used here, not much glass, which again is just lending to the automated inhuman feel of the place. 
   Seeing that it is walking distance to my place, I shall frequent here now and again. I am sure I will become known by their kitchen staff. For those that had issues with the staff before, the bad apples have been replaced by other capable and friendly tenders. Someday maybe Yelp will add a half star system so i can rate places with more accuracy.Little local bar that doesn't look like you want to eat there. They have a good menu. I had the buffalo wings that were cooked ok and there buffalo sauce was different. We also had the pizza and was presently surprised it was pretty good. The bruschetta was made wrong but it still was ok. All in all a good local bar to eat at.I could have sworn that I had reviewed Wit's Inn, but here we are. Anyway, I love this place! Not only is it a fantastic place to watch a Saints game, but they make delicious bloody Marys and have fantastic pizza.
The crowd is more of a neighborhood krewe, but I have always found people here super friendly and fun. Whenever I go I usually sit at the bar, but they have plenty of tables and chairs if that isn't your thing. The crowd gets rowdy during Saints games, so come with your game face on.Great neighborhood bar, can be a bit smoky at times, but friendly bartenders and good food.  The pizza has a decent flavor, medium thick crust, and average toppings...not excellent, but good enough for a late night snack while playing pool.  The red beans and rice (only served as a daily plate lunch) are delicious!  And the shrimp remoulade salad is the best I've ever had.  Seating is available outside on the sidewalk which makes for some good people watching along Carrollton.loved this place.
lots of space, friendly bartender, and great food.
we had the brushetta combo, for an appetizer, and the caprese salad.
what do you put in that dressing?  honey mustard and balsamic vinegar mixed?  completely off the hook.    I savored this meal for a few days, even went on a binge for caprese at home, and even sandwiches and brushetta at home.
off the hook.   I'll be back.   most of the salads on the menu?  all looked scrumptious, and you can even sit outside if you don't like the bar.If you walked in to Wit's Inn looking for food, you might walk right back out again. That would be a mistake. Despite the fact it looks a lot like a local dive bar, their kitchen is surprisingly good! Besides having a much more robust menu than you would expect, the quality is also way higher than expected. They're definitely punching above their weight class. The pizzas are a local favorite, especially on Thursdays when they're on special. I am extremely partial to their pesto wings however, which are my favorite wings in town. I am also very fond of their chicken or shrimp pesto pasta salad dish which actually has pasta and salad, not pasta salad. The bartenders double as the wait staff, so be patient and enjoy their cocktails while you're waiting. It's worth a visit to enjoy the food and feel like a local.Not recommended at all. Had to rate at least 1 star to input review. Bartender charged my cc $100 over total even though my receipt was for less than $10.  Bartender was rude and appeared to be out of it. Witnessed her damage another patrons cc for no apparent reason, before she even swiped it. Manager issued a basic apology to the patron. I left before finishing my drink due to what appeared to me as blatant racism. After my direct experience and what I observed with the other patron, the management is either blind or they endorse thievery and racist treatment of patrons. I suspect the latter.In the middle of a bar food crawl and this place stopped me in my tracks.  Filthy.  Grease to the point of ridiculousness and absolutely devoid of flavor.  Beer was cold.  How do you put pesto on wings and need salt?  Just gross, alll the way around.Wit's Inn is a cool bar to stop in to have some drinks, eat some pizza, and maybe shoot some darts.  The bartenders are always friendly, and the prices are reasonable.  I like that there are tables outside.
The have a drink that is very similar to Port of Call's monsoon.  Sweet, tasty...and dangerous!
Being so close to my house, I really love the $5 10" pizzas on Thursday nights.  The pizzas are actually really good, and you cannot beat the price.
NOTE:  The $5 pizza is for dine in only.  I didn't know that when I asked my BF to pick one up for me.  Even though he had already had dinner, he had to sit at the bar and eat a piece. He was kicking and screaming the whole time.  ;)    Even though he wasn't hungry, he thought the pizza was really good...as did I when he brought it home to me still piping hot!Food is good and the bartenders are great.  Like this place as long as a huge red headed lesbian isn't sitting behind me talking about how much of a baddass she is.Rude bartender, overcharged.  Thank God we kept receipt for dispute.  No word from management.Basing this on a late night spot, the bartender was attentive, the food was very good and we're enjoying our hang.
For a late night spot, the menu includes everything from chips and queso to yummy pizzas. 
Perfect for late night munchies - they serve food til 2am!This is an easy place to pass up, but the pizza is traditional and well made. Drinks are reasonable too. Definitely not the place to impress a date, but quiet night with a friend.The bbq chicken pizza is the best I've ever tasted and the grilled chicken salad is delicious. Nice laid back atmosphere.I happen to like this place a lot. It's a neighborhood bar that yes, allows smoking, and I smoke. It seems ridiculous to me to give a place one star for that reason - there are plenty of non-smoking alternatives nearby and in this city. Would I give one star to a bar that was non-smoking? No.That's the free market for you!
The bartenders are - without fail - professional, friendly, and trusting (no credit card to open a tab), and I actually also like the (good) 70's classic rock they play, at a decent volume. 
The patrons here mind their own business, talking quietly amongst themselves - a totally adult crowd. They're not cliquey and don't give you dirty looks when you walk in, unlike some Mid-City bars I could mention, but won't.
I haven't eaten here, but I just might! This is the kind of place that I want to support in this town.I've only been here once for Thursday pizza night. They have $5 single topping pizzas, which is a great price for dinner. The outside of the restaurant is a little misleading. It looks kind of rough but inside is surprisingly nice! It's clean, friendly, and the service is good. They have plenty of TVs to watch your favorite game too. Check it out; you just might like it!I had always seen this bar in Mid-City, but never took the time to go in. Until now. It's located near the busy intersection of Carrollton and Canal where the streetcar's turn onto Carrollton. The bar is a great place to bring a group of people to watch the Saints/Hornets game, and dine on some really good food. Their pizza is surprisingly good for being bar food and the bartenders are pretty courteous. If you go, be sure to try their Wit's Works pizza. You won't regret it.The pizza is delish. I got the Hawaiian (see pic). It was loaded with toppings, the crust is perfect. The center was a bit wet and soggy.  Other than that it was a perfect pizza.The drinks are no good. The service is lacking but the food is good that is the only reason I gave them 2 stars. Still the food just not worth the wait or the lack of service.DAMN good margaritas! I had a great shrimp salad and some wings after a show. Sweet bartenders, who make a strong drink. If I'm in the neighborhood, I'll stop by again!The bar and atmosphere get four stars. The bartenders get only 2 stars. Came here to watch a playoff game and this place wasn't busy at all, yet the bartender(s) seemed to be WAY out of their element. Food that was ordered during the first quarter was brought out during the fourth. Food that was ordered before everyone elses was brought out after everyone else ordered and recieved their food. Drink orders were totally forgot and still charged to the card and they just left my buddies atm card on the bar for 30 minutes, which was asked for to start a tab. You should probably treat this place as a cash only bar. 
On a side note, the sliced meatball poboy and the pesto wings were really good. The chips and queso were garbage though. The exact same stuff you find at the gas stations, except you pay double.This place is is decent if you live in Mid City and It is $5 PIZZA NIGHT!!!(Thursday).I was pleasantly surprised by this bar. Can't remember the last time that's happened...
They have Blueberry Stoli, and, I believe, food. What more do you need? Pool table? Sure. Best part: it's in Mid-City.Went for the Thursday $5 pizza night. The pizza was ok the drinks though were great and heavy. The have the same assortment of drinks that Port o Call and other places around town have like the monsoon. Go for the drinks, the food, not so much.I'll keep it short. 
Bar food...mediocre bar food. 
So if you're NOT in the mood for good food but just beers, there you go. Done.Went there tonight to watch the LSU game and it was not a good experience. First off the bartender screwed up our drinks. He then got an attitude when I corrected him. ( He gave us rum and cokes instead of bourbon and cokes). They then changed the game on the tv right in front of us and when we asked them to change it back we got confronted by some regulars at the bar for "complaining". We ended up leaving, as we felt unwelcome from the minute we walked in. We won't be back.I love this place, I am a local and never been a "regular" at a bar. But the staff is so welcoming and fun I would recommend to anyone visiting or living in the city. They have drink specials everyday & Thursday $5.00 pizza night is great, but can get kinda crowded. It's a must if your in Mid-city.I decided to go to Wit's Inn on a whim with no expectations. It was a Sunday afternoon and the car was heading straight to Subway for a quick lunch fix, but I just couldn't do it. I just feel so guilty eating at Subway instead of trying out a new local place, so I turned the car around and parked in front of Wit's Inn. 
Surprisingly, I actually had a pretty good calzone from this place. Large portion, cheesy, and tasty. BUT, service was realllyy slow. Like come on lady, can't you put a little pep in your step?! 
So my quick lunch fix turned into an epic endeavor for me to wave down the waitress for my check, but a satisfying meal nonetheless.Rude bartender, overcharged.  Thank God we kept receipt for dispute. Still no word from management.  So many wonderful places in my neighborhood.  Prefer to have staff that is coherent and not mad at the world.Wit's Inn is a cool, laid back bar.
It isn't often that I get to go out in the city anymore. Thankfully my local bar expert suggested this bar. 
It was late on a Saturday night and the bar was nearly empty. While smoking is allowed, it wasn't overpowering considering how few people were in the bar.
The bartender was cool and attentive. He did refill my beer without me asking, but that's better than the alternative.
The bar wasn't too loud and would be a good place to hang out and talk to others. Loud bars are overrated anyway.
If I am in Mid City again, I would return.This place is really good if you are stuck in Mid City at 1 am and hungry for pizza. Have a drink or two while you wait and have another with your (decent) pizza but there is no reason to stay around after you are done.The pizza here...phenomenal. I've had it three times, and all experiences were great. I've tried the wings and I honestly must say I've had better. they were more greasy than tasty. 
I've always been a fan of Port of Call's and Snug Harbor's specialty drinks., i.e. the Monsoon and Huma Huma.  I was delighted to find out that they made their own version of the Monsoon, and also their own Witt Maker.  
Their monsoon packs a hell of a punch just like Snug Harbor's.  Their own Witmaker is also pretty delightful.
The bartenders are personable and of true down home New Orleans friendly quality.  It's easy for me to make friends anywhere, but I stayed here chattin' with the bartenders longer than I had planned on being there, and boy did the time fly.
If I lived back home in New Orleans, I'd definitely try to live close to here.  The area is picking up and it would make the perfect neighborhood bar for those nights i don't feel like cooking and just want to chat and eat a bit without going far.Don't waste your time unless you're desperate.
The service at this venue is consistently terrible.  I've been ignored, shorted, and told to pay ridiculous hourly minimums in order to watch a football game--all on separate occasions.  The staffs' attitude ranges from ambivalent to outright hostile depending on when you visit.  There is a no-baggy-pants dress code ('nuff said). 
The food is a steady C+.    I like the fact that they offer a veggie muffaletta.  Their potato salad and their pizzas are pretty alright.  Other dishes are definitely not on par with Reginelli's like a previous reviewer suggested, however.
I'm not a picky person and I generally have a positive attitude about the worst of situations.  I especially want to like this joint because it's walking distance from my home and open late.  Unfortunately, the last round  of so-so food and awful service won't ever bring be back again.Good bar with $5 10 inch 1 topping pizzas on Thursday nights. Went in with 3 friends around 10 pm on a Thursday. There were a bunch of people at the bar but it wasn't too crazy. We all ordered drinks and pizzas and felt comfortable hanging out and talking for a few hours. The pizzas were pretty solid. I opted for the $5 1 topping pizza since I love a good deal, and was pleasantly surprised with the pizza. It was flavorful and plenty of food for 2 not so hungry people to split. My friend opted for the Hawaiian pizza (wasn't part of the deal) but he was very very happy with his choice! It was a little loud but that was to be expected, since it is a bar! I'll be back!
Food -- 3.5 stars
Price -- 4 stars 
Service -- 4 stars
Atmosphere -- 3 stars (not a restaurant type atmosphere, of course since it's a bar)Great bar to drink in, friendly staff, great drinks and specials. The bartenders are always nice and remember regulars, if your new just say hi, they'll remember you later.Great local Mid City bar. Never too packed and central to all New Orleans neighborhoods and businesses. Decent drink specials and a BBQ Shrimp Pizza that will knock your socks off.Right by my house so i go a lot. I like the pizza but wont pretend its awesome. Fine neirborhood bar but not a bumping scene if thats what you are looking for.Well this is no fancy place at all but there is a large menu and the food is good ,Very laid back  atmosphere . Patrick is the bartender and he made the best Long Island Tea I have ever had and OMG I had to go back twice just to have another.  Way 2 Got Patrick.  It's a good place for good drinks at reasonable prices.Nice neighborhood bar. The bartenders are friendly and seem to know almost everyone who walks in the bar.  Smoking is allowed, but it's not bad.  The high ceilings and the air filtering system make for a comfortable atmosphere for nonsmokers.Went there a few weeks ago when I was in NOLA with a couple friends.  Wit's Inn was a good time, but it was definitely nothing special.
Atmosphere/Service: They were a little bit busy for their pizza night, but our group of 6 was able to get a table.  The female bartender was NOT the most friendly server I've dealt with.  Not really sure what the deal was, but she just seemed like she hated us or life.  Considering the fact that we ordered 5 pizzas and 3 expensive drinks, you'd think she could be at least fake nice because of all the business we were bringing in.  One funny thing that stood out was the bathrooms.  They were decently clean and well-lit.  For whatever reason, there were about 8 rolls of toilet paper in each stall and chalk boards outside the stalls.  At least the chalk boards give you something to do while you wait for a stall.
Food/Drink/Deals:  I only know about Thursday night being pizza night.  $5 for a one-topping pizza.  We were very proud of ourselves for ordering a bacon pizza and a pineapple pizza and sandwiching them.  I definitely recommend the Bahama Mama.  It's HUGE. 
Since I'm not from NOLA, I don't think the experience was exciting enough for me to make a special trip back to Wit's Inn the next time I'm in town.  Sorry.Oh, Wit's Inn - you have brought me to my wit's end. Like Jesus, at 33 years young, I have been able to order pizza and receive it in a timely fashion anywhere else. However, today you made me feel like an outsider. Is this place managed by the Pontius Pilate of pizza? Theo's just resurrected me. I really wanted to love you like Joanie loves Chachi.I've had some decent meals here.  But I give the rating for the awesome monsoons, friendly staff, and the free internet with chairs you can spread out and have a beer, watch a game, or even get some work done.I'm a sports dude so I love the array of tvs to watch whatever game floats your boat. Strong drinks and pretty darn good bar food.  Really enjoyed my pesto salad.  I bet the pesto wings are the bomb, sauce is made in house.  And they got darts, love me some darts.  I'll be back (Schwarzenegger voice)Got scammed.  Came in for our first trip and asked about the pizza special posted on the door and windows for $7.95.  The bartender/server Kyle responded "any 10" pizza", so I ordered the meat pizza.  When I got the bill, I was charged $15 for the pizza and he said the one I ordered was not on special and that it was a different menu for the lunch special.  Apologized but did not change the bill.  I was one of two customers in the entire place during lunch time, and now I know why.  Will never return and the place is only a couple blocks from our house.  $30 for lunch.  Fountain soda is flat and tastes awful.Great little neighborhood bar and some of the best pizza in Mid-City!I give this three stars as a bar, but FIVE as a place for food!
Unassuming from the outside, and not that much more impressive on the inside, Wit's is your average neighborhood bar. Big drink cups (careful when thinking you can handle one during lunch hour) as well as the usual beer, relaxed environment and a pool table, nothing too special.
It is the bar menu that keeps me coming back! Delicious sandwiches (the meatball sub has been known to make believers of several of my friends), pizza, and the best caprese salad I've ever had in my life! (Seriously... try it!)
Great for casual lunch meetings or an afternoon drink.
Note: It is popular with smokers.Worst bar food I've ever experienced-- mindbogglingly bad. Weak-ass drinks on a Monday. Not so bad on a Wednesday when there's a deal on doubles or something. And at least it's not super loud... 
Seriously, though, the wings were edible but I've tried several of the dishes here and none of the others were even what I would describe as "food." I'm not sure how you fuck up, like, breadsticks, but this place does it.I love Wit's. Years ago I was a regular when I lived across the street, but these days I don't get to stop by as much as I'd like.
Dennis and Sally were the old owners, and they were really special folk. I'm not sure if they're still involved -- I haven't seen either lately.
The pizzas are surprisingly good, and the bartenders are always friendly! The menu has changed a bit over the years, but the pesto pasta salad remains a solid choice for a side.I wandered in during lunch for a different dining experience in Mid-City.  I wound up being pleased with what I found.  
I started off with a simple, but yummy Caesar Salad (standard fare), then followed up with Baked Buffalo Wings & Pesto Wings.  The Baked Buffalo Wings had some sort of rub on them & were decadent.  The Pesto Wings were pretty good, too.
Will definitely revisit for lunch, as I'm sure that, being primarily a bar, this place gets rowdy at night.Goood place if you want to over pay for food poisioning. Bartenders can be cool but change so often.This is my go-to pizza place. Haven't dined in yet but from what i've seen, the atmosphere is pretty laid back/chill. The people answering the phones are always polite and the pizza is always delicious (some of the best quality toppings I've had). My only complaint is that when we ordered a pizza with more toppings than what is typical, they started falling off the pizza as we picked up each slice- an easy fix, just sprinkle more cheese on top before baking so everything holds together. Over all, LOVE this place.Not a shabby spot to watch a game or throw some darts, the food is decent and service seems alright.  Just nothing to really remember except the cat small that comes and goes.  First time I came in I had planned to dine in but the cat pee smell was so bad I left after one beer.  It's sometimes there, sometimes not.Friend and I went here for a going away party. We split the caprese salad and the Hawaiian pizza. Portions were HUGE and the caprese salad was AMAZING!!! Dressing was sooooo yummy (still dreaming of that honey balsamic- they use REAL honey!) and obviously homemade. Fresh buffalo mozzarella and a number of basil leaves. For the price ($7), you can't beat the quality and quantity!
The pizza was really good too! There's a couple of Italian/pizza places close by and honestly, Wit's beats them- hands down. Lots of ingredients on a homemade thin but crusty dough. Yummy yummy yummy!
Service isn't that great. Bartenders seem to be used to doing drink orders as opposed to food orders. Luckily we had an easy order- but it still took 5-10 mins. for him to bring silverware and plates.
Drink specials were mediocre. Weak beer selection on tap. Don't get a fancy fruity drink. They messed up pretty badly on my gin and tonic. You guessed it, it was mostly tonic.
And like most other bars in the city, it'll take you a few days before the stale cigarette smell to leave your pores- including the scrubbings you'll need to do in the shower.
Next time, I'm just going to do take-out (caprese salad anyone?) and drink some good quality beer with my pizza.I wouldn't come here for pizza. But! The atmosphere is great for a game gathering, lots of tvs (about 13), tables with personal TVs, and cheap drinks. WinI still don't know why I haven't reviewed this pizza place yet. I have been here several times already. But anyways here we go!
The food here is pretty good. This place specializes in hand tossed pizza. They got all kinds of options as far as pizza goes. Veggie options for all you veg heads out there. Of course they serve meat too for omnivores like me. I noticed that this place serves sandwiches but I have yet to try those.
The service here is alright. The bartenders I dealt with were pretty cool. One of the bartenders looks sort of like guitarist Kerry King from Slayer. I will admit that the food prep does take a while though.
They got a full bar here as well as lots of TV's to watch sports events. The drinks are in the medium price range. The pizza on the other hand is pretty pricey. I mean $13.95 for a 10 inch pizza. But I guess you get what you pay for.
In short good food, decent service, but a little on the pricey side.We have been back in New Orleans for almost six years, and had heard of this place.
Finding ourselves nearby and hungry, we parked on the side-street and walked up to the door.
An employee opened the door, and this massively horrible odor hit us from inside.  I choked and inquired "Is there smoking inside?"  The employee nodded in the affirmative, and I immediately backed-out. 
This odor seemed a mix of old tobacco smoke, grease, urine, and I can't imagine what else.
I wouldn't ever eat anything which came out of such a hell-hole !
I say, try Venezia, right across the street; or, Mandina's, three blocks away on Canal.
We won't ever go back to Witt's Inn !
RickThe Wit's Inn was my first introduction to New Orleans, after a 10-hour drive from Orlando, FL. I went on a Sunday night, so the bar was dead, and I was completely fine with that. The last thing I wanted after a long, cramped drive in my tiny car is a bar filled to the brim with patrons.
The beer was rather pricey, but I happily consumed a few pints with a delicious pepperoni calzone. The bartender was accommodating and amiable, putting his tip money into the jukebox so the customers could listen to the music they liked.
I probably won't go back to Wit's Inn, but that didn't stop my visit from being satisfying.I can't belief I'm saying this, but yes they have good F#%%^*ing pizza. It's like pan style buttery reminiscent of pan crust pizza from Pizza Hut but gourmet style late night. I was amazed.Down to the shrimp . I was expecting a salad shrimp
Shriveled and cold and Cooked to oblivion or a medium sized nuked shrimp taste on top of the pizza at this hour but wow! I can't wait to come back no wonder ice seen single people leaving with to go pizza boxes from here. Check out their specialty pizza menu. They're not messing around. I usually modify stuff. The BBqShrimp pizza though was on point at a BAR. FUCK UESWalked in.  Place reeked of tobacco.  Active smokers in bar. Left immediately.  Went to a great place two doors down that is tobacco free.This is a good go to in my neighborhood. They have a great BBQ Shrimp Po'Boy with potatoes in it! I'd give it a four star but sometimes it smells like cat pee? Like idk sometimes it does not smell like cat pee and sometimes it does? There never seems to be a rhyme or reason to it.I'm a regular at Witt's Inn, but I had a very unpleasant experience today. While standing at the bar during the Saints' game after having already ordered my drink and the owner tells me to move. He was extremely rude and his tone was condescending. He proceeded behind the counter. I scooted over and waited for my drink. He came back around and said "thank you" very sarcastically and continued to say you can't stand there, why were you standing there. The bartenders are very nice, but this was a horrible experience for someone who is a regular and frequently visits and spends money at this bar.Can't tell you how disappointed I am in this place. We have given it a bunch of tries mainly because of the giant to go drinks. Service has consistently been bad and the place is filthy.
Last straw for us was that we went to this place to see a game on Sunday as they advertise Sunday ticket. We got there an hour early and were the first people in the restaurant. We asked nicely if the Titans game was on and they assured us it would be. We intentionally chose a small TV and told them we'd be happy to move anywhere in the (empty) restaurant if they needed to.  AFTER kickoff and waiting for an hour a random neighborhood guy walks in with some friends (all friends were saints fans). Next thing we know, they turn our small TV on the cardinals-Vikings game and we were informed that this gentleman had "reserved" our TV for his game. Clearly this guy was just an a-hole friend of the bartender. They refused to turn our game on any of the other televisions due to "satellite policy"
What's worse is that they made us pay for the drinks that we had ordered just before they constructively kicked us out. We missed almost an entire half of our game looking for another place showing the game.
Crappy townie dive bar gonna crappy dive bar.Pretty cool neighborhood bar in Mid City.  They make VERY strong drinks, which I love.  And they serve food late.  Lots of tv's for games as well.BUYER BEWARE!
I AM CERTAIN MY WHISKEY WAS FAKE OR CUT WITH SOMETHING
For the second time I have visited this establishment against my personal preference because I have friends that love a good neighborhood dive bar. However, this isn't really either of those. 
This is the second time I've ordered a premium level whiskey and received something I knew was "less than". I know my whiskey and I drink this at home enough to know what it smells and taste like. 
The Blanton's Single Barrel that I ordered and tasted back in October and again in January is not Blanton's Single Barrel. Either the bar bought a bad bottle (doubt it) or someone poured a lesser costing bourbon in it to make some money. 
When I asked the bartender all he knows is that he poured it from a Blanton's Bottle. Buyer Beware!Nice neighborhood pub.  Once Friar Tuck's closed down it became even better when the frat boy spillover stopped oozing in the door.Have been to Wit's Inn several times for drinks but never tried the food. Tried the pizza and it was very good. Ordered at the bar and sat down with a Witmaker. Definitely not a restaurant, but a bar with food. Bartender was really cool and service was good. Would definitely go back. Being across the street from Angelo Brocato's is also a plus. Nothing better than pizza and ice cream.I love you wits inn  from your pesto wings to your pasta salad to your super friendly bartenders and on point music   best place to drop by after a long dayGreat spot to hang with friends. I just had the buffalo pizza....A-MAZ-ING!! 
I'm drinking the Monsoon, it's the bees knees! I'm half way through so I can't write an in-depth review. So buy one!!Ordered the Meatball Sandwich for delivery, description: "Meatballs, mozzarella and marinara" - pictured was what came (minus a bite for good measure). Very disappointing, if you have a problem with deliveries then don't offer them - if you have a problem cooking what's on your menu then close the kitchen. The side pasta was nice so 2/5 stars, will not eat here (or from here) again.
Edit/Update: I ended up getting a bad case of food poisoning on top of all this, so avoid this place like the plagueYeah go for the service, anthem late night Amazing food! I've tried a lot and reviewed this and that. look Don't think barbecue pizza is barbecue freaking pizza with barbecue sauce it is not we are in New Orleans it is barbecue freaking pizza barbecue shrimp pizza our way so deal with it and ask questions if you don't know or look at the photo and get a grip. PeriodThis spot has great pizza and even better wings. Their pesto wings are the house speciality but I suggest adding ranch to dip. They slow bake the wings so they ate tender and juicy and meat comes off the bone easy. The BBQ chicken pizza is delicious and one of the better chicken pizzas I've ever had. They also have some unique speciality pies, such as the muffuletta pizza and the Italian Creole. Drink prices are reasonable  and the bartenders know how to make proper cocktails. Mojito time!This place is an alright bar with mostly decent bar food but nothing that is going to knock your socks off.  The most crowded I usually see this place (other than Saints games) is during lunch when people are going to eat.  This place seems to be a popular spot for lesbians to meet so while it isn't totally a gay bar I think it might be the closest thing to one for ladies of that persuasion in Mid-City.  I rarely make an appearance in this venue as it never seems to have very much going on other than during Saints games.  I've never really had very much fun here and it doesn't seem to be the optimal place for a single man to meet single women.  This might actually be my least favorite bar in Mid-City as I've just always seemed to have kind of blah boring experiences here.Carmella was such a welcoming bartender. Overall, great place to have some brews. Have the pizza and add ricotta, you won't regret it!ordered delivery. very tasty muffalettas! decent price for what we received, fresh and deliciousI wish I could give less stars. Never had an issue here until the bartender kicked me and my friends out because of the "dress code." It's a dive bar. I was hanging out with a black dude who was wearing a tank top. Apparently that's against the dress code. Along with "hip hop" attire. It's a thinly veiled racist policy. We were watching the fucking republican debates. For the record, we all work in a non profit law office, and when I've been here with majority white folks, no issues. When suddenly I'm the only white person with other people of color, we're kicked out because someone is wearing a tank top in the summer in New Orleans. Your food is shit. Your drinks are shit. Your appeal is that you're a dive bar but suddenly you have a dress code that you only enforce against black folks (white dudes in there wearing undershirts and hipsters looking like they haven't bathed in months are fine though)???? GTFOH.Wit's is at the center of almost every Midcity adventure I have - grabbing a togo drink before catching up with a second line by the bayou, staking out the perfect Endymion spot, unwinding at the end of Mardi Gras day, or finishing a night out with some awesome food. The bartenders are always friendly and great with suggestions (most recently, a bartender pointed out a daily special that saved me $5 on dinner!). Really great food - my favorites are the pesto pasta salad, spicy buffalo wings, and their pizza. Honestly, you can't go wrong here!Yet another mysterious disappearing review Yelp has unleashed on me so where did my old review go...???
This is a dive bar and grill type joint in Mid-City that can get pretty rowdy during athletic events. Thursday is $5 pizza night and that is a popular time in here as well.  I have only sampled the pizza here and honestly it isn't my favorite pizza but it is edible so for $5 it is also a good deal.  The service has always been relatively decent here and they get your drinks to you fast enough.  There always seems to be a decent crowd in here and they serve food later than most other joints in the area.  If you are in Mid-City this is a decent spot to check out.Quaint dive bar with great service!  We came here late night during the week for some wings and love the fact that they are baked! 
The jalapeño bbq flavor was the best on the wings. And we were surprised about the pizza, wow, talk about delicious sourdough like crust! It was so good and we found out that it's made daily in the am at an off site location. Next time we will be doubling up on the meat toppings. Love the fact it's open late night and they serve simple bar food. They also have a great bartender who can make some good drinks, we also got a couple of bottles of wine which were affordable. 
Great dive bar ambience with some cool jams playing in the background and if you feel like throwing some darts around they have a board in the back along with some video games. 
All about the wings, pizza and drinks here! And the service.I went back here for the first time in almost 20 years and it was just as great as I remember.  Very friendly crowd and a great bartender.  Got a pizza to go and it was amazing.Nice local bar with great bar food. I recommend stopping by on Thursdays for $5 pizza night.
Plenty of seating inside and outside. Several large flat screen TVs for all you sports fans. Internet jukebox (that also takes photos), video poker and pool tables.
Great friendly bartenders too. Tell em Pineapple sent ya!