The beer cheese is made with local beer and has awesome flavor. The tavern taters are the best. The barbacoa street tacos are loaded with flavor and chili powder. Beer selection is really hard to beat. Try an infused beer they are interesting.I really enjoyed this place.  They had plenty or beer to choose from and friendly staff, these guys really new their beer.  Every recommendation they had I loved.  Will definitely be backLaid back, kind of corporate-y, beer pub with a good tap selection of local beers, and all the other corporate pub fixtures you would expect in an urban downtown area.   Laminated menus, multiple tv screens, everything clean and shiny.
I had one of the hoppy IPA's and the fish tacos.  
It was kind of a relief from the sweltering, noisy, party-up 24/7 vibe of the French Quarter, actually, as odd as that may sound.
This is kind of the place where you just unwind for an hour or two with a craft beer and a quick bite, while you catch up on Sportscenter highlights before heading back to the hotel for an early bedtime.Food was delish and I thought the prices were very reasonable! We went 2 days in a row. The beers on tap was a smaller selection than I was expecting but no big deal. I would go here again the next time in New Orleans.I happened upon this on a Thursday afternoon while my wife was at a convention. Its within walking distance of the convention center. It reminded me of a Starbucks the serves beer. Free wifi, lofty/industrial design, with a few areas with couches and comfy club chairs... The hot honey wings on the happy hour menu were on point. Friendly and attentive waitresses. Would be a good place to watch games too.My wife and I live in the warehouse district and have eaten here several times with our 1 year old without any issue. Today, as we walked in for lunch, without any greeting or attempt at an apology, we were sternly told that we couldn't eat here because "no one under 18 years old is allowed" at this bar. The waiter was rude and condescending (taking it so far as opening the door and pointing to the sign stating the aforementioned age restriction) and treated us like criminals for taking our infant in with us for lunch. While we certainly respect drinking age laws, we take issue with this establishment for 1) inconsistent application of this rule in the past, 2) why they allow 18 yo patrons if the drinking age is 21, and 3) poor staff training just basic etiquette of respectful communication skills.
We will urge all of our friends and colleagues to not patron this establishment until they are able to sort out their rules and staff training issues.Nice choice of flights for local and hop beer. And the price is fair. And the cushion is so comfortable, a nice choice before moving on to Bourbon stLove World of Beer! Great location with lots of TVs and space. This will be "the" place to watch sports. I gave a 4 stars because of the loyalty program not counting some of the beers on draught and the food was so-so. Great service, knew his beers. The place wasn't busy but I liked the service with a team approach. Live music and lounge chairs is a plus. When entering there is no hostess/host check in so keep walking in till someone approaches you to be seated. The acoustics is not conducive to romantic conversations. The place was loud even when it wasn't busy. Overall a great place for beers and bar food. I'll be back!disgusting. bar tender had a cold and was wiping his nose with his hand and then serving beer with the same hand, drafts and bottle caps.We eat here on our first night in New Orleans! It was just okay but we weren't looking for anything too special. 
I ordered a white peach sangria, which was just alright; as well as the Chipotle Chicken Sandwich with Sweet Potato Fries. The fries were really so crispy and delicious! However... so was the chicken - well the crispy part and not in a good way.. I almost broke my teeth on the chicken. I took a couple bites of the bun but it wasn't a great sandwich. If I ordered a side of sweet potato fries only, my experience would have been different :DThe beer selection is insane! Beer is cold. :) Wings were not very tasty. Fries were pretty greasy. BUT! The chipotle chicken sandwich was very good, as was the black bean burger. Tvs on every wall. Friendly staff. Overall good experience. I recommend going if you enjoy beer and sports!Amazing. Bartender, server, GM. All amazing, professional, warm, inviting. Excellent food and wonderful bar.Lots of beers on tap....but an unfortunate selection.  Nothing inspiring.  The place was busy but not packed and we never were able to get service.  Eventually just left without any beer.Cool spot in the Warehouse District of New Orleans. Large dining room and plenty of televisions for sports watching. The happy hour menu cannot be beat. $5 full size appetizers and $6 drinks (3 to 7pm). The beer selection is very good and they do serve other types of alcohol as well.Ein wunderbares Pub im modernen Viertel von New Orleans in der Nähe des Cruise Terminals und des Convention Centers. Das Pub ist recht groß, hat aber gemütliche Ecken, wo man lesen oder spielen kann. Die Speisekarte enthält leckere Snacks und vor allem eine reichhaltige Auswahl an   lokalen und internationalen Bieren. Die Beratung dazu war auch sehr gut. Auch die Toiletten waren sehr chic!!! Schade, dass wir dieses Pub erst am letzten Tag entdeckt haben!!The Cali Ahi Bowl is impressive.  The service not so much.  Sit at the bar if you don't want to wait 30 minutes before leaving because NOT A SINGLE PERSON HAS COME TO GREET YOU.  The place isn't that big.  There's plenty of staff.  They just lack basic customer service skills. But the food is quite good.  Hopefully they get their sh*t together.Came in to watch some football games, because they had over a dozen TVs and it didn't look busy. We were not greeted, so we found an empty table in a conspicuous location so a server would see us. After waiting for a waitress for 10min we decided to go to the bar and order. I asked if we should order there or wait for a waitress (imagine the irony), and he said he'd take our order. He brought our beers and I asked about food. He asked if we had a server and we said no, so he handed us menus and told me to keep my card. We went back to the table and waited another 15min before I went and asked a waitress who was responsible for our section. She said if nobody came she would personally handle it. Nope. Another 15min went by and the bartender came over to take our food order, and the waitress that promised to help us came 10min later to ask what we needed. I told her the bartender was helping us and she walked off looking apathetic about our table being completely ignored by no less than 3 servers working tables around us. 
I'm still sitting here with my group as I write this, almost an hour now with no food or water and an empty glass of beer. The bartenders were great, they got us beer and food and seemed embarrassed at the wait staff's complete disregard for us. I'm going to tip them very well and leave a note in addition to this review.
Update: Management just charged my card on Jan 30 for the visit I posted about a month ago.The wings were excellent and was served in record time. It was downhill from there.  We ordered 3 entrees and each came out at 10-15 mintes apart. For a Saturday night, food took too long to be served.Waited over an hour for food. Waitress was only seen about every 15 minutes or so on the floor.   Service sucked. Nuff said.I have been to the WOB in Denver before and just as the Denver location this is pretty much the same thing. Awesome beers on tap that change weekly, good happy hour specials, great staff, and awesome food. I was in NOLA for a week and made a few stops to WOB as I was staying across the street. I was able to try the wings and shrimp tacos both were excellent. The tacos were so good I went back the next day for more. I also liked how the staff was very knowedgeable about their beers and had some killer recomendations. Overall great spot.If I could give this zero stars I would.  We waited 15 minutes with no sight of a waitress.  When one finally emerged we asked if we could get ours and she rudely said I'm yours and walked away.  It has now been 20 min and she has gone to every table around us but ours.  If it wasn't freezing outside and New Year's Day and if we weren't waiting on another reservation for an actually decent restaurant we would have left.  Only redeeming quality...football is on TV and we are warm.We went here the other day to watch football. Charita was our waitress and she was the bomb. She made sure one of the TVs had the game that we came to watch on. We will be back and hopefully Charita will be our server.The tacos were well worth the flight from California. Yum!  Great place to catch drinks and something to munch on. Staff is friendly and helpful. Seriously don't walk by, stop in. Happy hour from 3-7 is great with awesome happy hour specials. Found a great place.It was kind of dead in there but our server was fairly knowledgeable and didn't steer me wrong.  I stuck to beers from Nawlins and enjoyed all.  My wife even enjoyed herself and she's not much into craft beers, although she's been trying more and more.  The venue is great, the staff are attentive, and the beer selection us top notch.I am from Houston and I saw this place on Yelp and figured I had to try it because my mom is a beer lover.  We really enjoyed the food. It was quite an experience the waitress was so nice and took a picture of us for me!:). It was amazing!Horrible service. We sat at the bar for 15 minutes without a glance. We finally moved a table and someone finally took our drink order another 10 minutes later. Surrounded by filthy tables that need to be bused. We're here the day of the sugar bowl and they are so understaffed. Boo.Walking down the street on a hot afternoon we found World of Beer. This place is very well done modern clean and just cool! Met William and he was very happy to help us along the discovery of the huge selection of beers from around the world. The entire staff was very friendly and attentive. Prices were fair for New Orleans. This is a great place to explore your beer fanatic. We will return! Nice job WilliamGame changer in the warehouse district.  Honestly, I wasn't too excited about a beer focused CHAIN moving into my neighborhood, but boy was I wrong and so glad I was!
The food is delicious! Yes, it is officially bar food, but it is amazing bar food that is reasonable priced.  I have tried a ton of items on the menu, and each is better than the one before.  Bonus- they have this amazing brunch deal where it is $22 for an entree and bottomless mimosas, bloodies and beermosas.  
Not to mention the great TVs, incredible staff, great atmosphere, occasional band, gigantic beer selection (but also a full bar)... Hurry up and get to WOB, it will not dissapoint!Just went here for the first time to check it out. The place is pretty cool, the servers were very nice, food was ok. I'm rating it a two because I ordered a beer from their case and when the bill came, turns out it cost $25. Yes, it was a 20 oz imported and I probably should have asked the price, but the rest of their beers on tap are around $9 and the bartender didn't give me any indication that this beer was so expensive. I think they should really post prices or at least let people know how much beers are from the case when they order. I would never have tried a random beer if I thought it would be that ridiculously expensive.most restaurants near our hotel were closed already so we ended up eating here. this place was walking distance from our hotel. we wanted a flatbread but they were out of it. the food took forever to make and it wasn't that yummy. the chicken wings looked burnt and it was dry. my sandwich lacked flavor. the onion soup that my mom got didn't look even like soup lol.. luckily they didn't charge us for the soup. our waiter was nice tho; he let us keep the mardi gras beads!We went to World of Beer on Sunday for the first time to watch the Superbowl. It wasn't crowded -- which, in hindsight should have been a red flag but at the time seemed like a Godsend -- so we sat down and after a delay were eventually served. The experience was perfectly adequate until I checked my credit card bill a few days to later to discover that the server had taken the liberty of inflating her tip. When I went to talk to the manager about the next day, he nonchalantly said that this is the 4th or 5th time someone has come in about this issue lately. That's not actually something to be nonchalant about. Maybe the reason this place has so many bad reviews about service is because it is poorly managed.Horrendous service.  Been here for an hour and the waitress still has not come to table and it is not even remotely busy.  Had to go to bar to get service.Service was nonexistent. The table was never completely cleared from the previous customer. On the rare occasions when the server stopped by, she called me "baby " and "honey," but I had to beg for a menu, and a second beer took a VERY long time to arrive. Thought I would die of thirst in a room full of beers. Burger was good, but it came with a shot glass of coleslaw. Has cabbage become a scarce item? Disappointing.Non-existent waitstaff and food delivery weirdness. Came in for lunch and were seated. . . finally after 10 mins greeted by wait staff. There were not very many people seated, and it looked like they had plenty of waitstaff. Ordered a salad, beer, and a skillet cookie sundae. Waitress came back 10 mins later and said that beer brand I had ordered was sold out (so far: 20 min, still don't have a beer in a nearly vacant restaurant.) We asked to see the beer menu again . . . She handed us a menu but then she never came back to table again to take the drink order. After about another 10 min with no sign of wait staff, my SO went to bar to get beer and just paid the bartender.
Food finally arrived after 35 minutes (I only ordered salad and dessert!). Waitress didn't seem to notice we suddenly had beer. Here's where it crosses over from just poor service to really weird. My salad had three very small pieces of grilled chicken on it  - like the edges of the chicken breast - I did not order any protein on my salad. There were also two sides of dressing, one of which appeared half used up. Odd. Guess that salad had been sitting there prepped for someone else. The cookie had no ice cream on it. We asked if it was supposed to have ice cream, and the waitress said they ran out of ice cream. SO said in that case, she didn't want it. Then, miraculously, the cookie was brought back & ice cream was on the side in a dish. I'm sorry, but WTF?
Disappointed and stunned. Though I suspect they don't care with the amount of throughput they get due to conferences. 
A horrible and extremely underwhelming dining experience. Beware, thirsty yelpers! All of this compelled me to write my first Yelp review.Stopped in here twice. We had natchos, boneless wings and a salad the first time. All good with some unique beers. If you like beer and can't find a good one here there is something wrong. 
The second time we were walking by and we're hurry because we were delayed. We had the Monday specials. Guiness infused sausage and an angus burger. Both were delicious and filling. I expected a reduced size portion...nope, a filling meal and with some tasty beer.   Fresh made burger and a very good sausage. 
The bar is clean and modern. The staff were all friendly and I can't say anything bad about them. I would definitely eat here a third time but  I should probably check out more NOLA eats. 
You really won't be disappointed with WOB!If I could give this place 0 stars, I would. We (a group of 6 people) waited for 1.5 HOURS for our food... How is that even possible? When we asked our waiter on the status of our food, he said "it's just a matter of time". I would never go back to World of Beer. Ever. Save yourself the trip.Excellent selection of beer and spirits. They also have a digital system to narrow down the type of beers you may like. The service is fantastic. We were waited in by Troy and he was pointe, professional, and timely. The food is very good and they have a wide selection. The atmosphere and setup are cool and enjoyable for small or large groups. They also have live music some nights. The only issue I have is that they didn't carry the LSU game for some reason.Best beer game in the city now, super tasty bar food, top-notch service, loaded with TVs for football season, accessible with easy parking for downtown = awesome addition to the CBDEnjoyed the pancakes with blueberries. The breakfast menu has several items that seem unique to this warehouse area. The Bottomless Beerunch on Sunday is the way to go. It includes bottomless Bloody Mary's, Mimosas, or Beermosas, along with a breakfast plate for $23. They were using Titos and Zing Zang from what I could see. 
I noticed they had a big pretzel as well that looked great. Beer selection is extensive. My bartender took good care oDecided to grab a bite to eat after a long evening out looking at Christmas lights. We chose to eat at World of Beer because it was located right outside our hotel (Embassy Suites) and because we know their menu and we had our 6 year old with us.
First.... when we arrived we were not greeted and had to seat ourselves. After about 5 mins I went to the bar (no bartender in sight) and scrounged up a menu. When the waitress finally arrived, my hubby and I each ordered a beer and we ordered the pretzel as an appetizer. 
The waitress had no knowledge of beer and my husband was brought the wrong beer. He drank it verses trying to flag her down as she was more interested is smoking outside than tending customers.
The pretzel was good. My husband got buffalo wings. They were just okay. He ordered them crispy but they did not come out way.
My son and I played Jenga and darts. We had fun but the the table that holds Jenga was sticky and nasty. The darts would have been fun but all the darts were Broken. I asked the bartender if he had any non broken darts and his response was that he is not sure where the managers hide them.
Personally, had I known the food and service was going to be sub par I would have taken my business else where. We normally love World of Beer. This particular location was disappointing.Yummy appetizers! SOOOO many beers! First place I've ever been to with 'Not Your Fathers Root Beer' on tap. We ordered the Mac and cheese app and the tavern tots!They did a nice job with the space.
Plenty of TVs for viewing sports and even a small alcove (In Bruges reference) for an acoustical band. 
The employees seem well trained and are energetic. No complaints there.  
I didn't eat so I cannot comment. 
2 negatives: 
Just like most places built these days the place is loud. Add a singer with a guitar, it gets louder. 
The biggest negative is that they use Shaker beer glasses.  Yes, I know that it's the most common "pint" glass used in the beer industry but the quality of beers WOB pours deserves better than a Shaker glass.  They also use snifters for special pours as well as English pint glasses but the majority of 'pint' pours are in Shaker glasses. Oh, and a pint is technically 16oz. A Shaker glass is 14oz so minus the head you get about 12oz of beer with a correct pour. 
Not a big deal but WOB is on average $1-2 more than most places. 
I like the place.  It fills a void in the area.  Just get rid of the Shaker glasses.The beer was great, awesome selection! The server with a large tattoo on her chest was great but the girl behind the bar wasn't that pleasant at all tried to get her attention a couple of time and even though she seen me she blew me off...TLDR: Waited over 2 hours for plates that were half finished, the food not being very good, and after several other tables who came after us were served.
We came here with a big group when they first opened and happily split up and were served as separate tables. We were one of the first tables there but was told fairly early on that they were slammed (it was empty as they just opened but our group was about a dozen). We totally understood that and settled in for a longer wait. But everyone, not just 1-2 but around 8 other tables, people who'd come after us, were served, got their food before us, and left. That's not being slammed anymore. 
We were constantly assured our food was coming. We noticed the surrounding tables, all of which had entered after us had already been served and paid and we brought this up with the server.  105 min in (half an hour after we made our initial complaint) a few of the dishes come out BUT with missing some of the fixings (syrup for the waffles, ketchup, dips, etc.) and food. Some of the entrees did not fit the description on the menu. When we asked about the inconsistencies between what we had ordered and what came, the waiter had no idea what we were talking about and after literally pointing at the menus admitted that the menus were out of date and many of the items were no longer accurately described. WTF!
In the end, after waiting over 2 hours, two of our guests still hadn't gotten their food yet and cancelled and walked out. No compensation or explanation for the unbelievable delay.
Listen, we are all human. Being slammed is one thing and we understand that people can only do so much and will wait patiently. But 2 plus hour wait + several other tables who came after served first + half put together bad food = horrible experience.
We recommend Butcher or Cochon nearby instead. We went there after and were blown away by both their service and food.Food is good but service is awful. Food is over priced too and cocktails not as good as you hope.
Fried pickles were good. Steak sandwich was decent. French onion soup was dreadful.
Seems more like a place that caterers to a group of buddies of the manager. Service was so bad I had to leave my table and track down my server and ask for a spoon for my soup.We stopped in here while on a business trip to watch the Cubs play during World Series. I think that's what it was anyways. I know basically nothing about sports. 
The beer options were great and staff was helpful. Not the fastest service but everyone with us seem to enjoy it.I've been here twice over the past four days while in town for a conference. Good food, okay prices, amazing beer selection!  Atmosphere and staff are good as well. The flatbread is amazing as an app!Waited 15 minutes for a server to come by with menus. Ordered two beers. 15 minutes after that we got up and walked out with nothing on our table and not a sign of our waitress. I understand it was busy but it was not staffed properly or competently. Will not be back.Under staffed, under managed.  Very poor experience.  Visited on Sunday. 2 bartenders for approx.  100 customers.  Average wait time for a drink, 20 minutes.We found this by accident, it's right down from the Marriot we stay in during the Boat Show. We both  LOVE good beer and WOB has a phenomenal selection of bottle and draft.  .  I love the Pub Tators which are like Tator Tot Nachos the Soft Pretzel with the beer cheese dip is to die for and the fish tacos are very good.  It's got a weird vibe at times.  The service is OK.  One minute there are servers everywhere and then, POOF, their gone.  A little slow with the check so don't be in a super big hurry to cash out.  Overall, a great place to grab a good cold beer and some pub grub.The fact that this place is in business astonishes me.  By far, the worst experience we've ever had in an establishment.  Horrible service, no hostess, or sign saying seat yourself, you just figure that out on your own.   It took 10 minutes to get a server, which ended up being the bartender because no server was in sight.  So after the bartender dropped the menus and told us our server would be right over...the bartender served us 5 minutes later.  Again, the server never appeared.  Somehow for a place that has 600 beers, the mediocre bar food that you can get at any sports bar in the world, was the only good part.  It was a Friday evening at 6pm, with a happy hour and there were 10 people in the whole establishment.  This clearly tells you something.  This place could be a gold mine for beer lovers if the operators had any clue what they were doing.  Also if you'd like to use the restroom, the toilet paper is sat on the floor by the toilet.  Great place!Bloody Mary had zero veggies sticking out and was very peppery. Make sure you check menu before eating dish given to you. For my rancheros they forgot the cheese, queso and tator tots. When I pointed out the tots on the menu she said they don't come with them. Again I pointed to the menu and read "comes with tator tots". No apology, just left and came back near end of meal with bowl of tots.Disappointing. The food is average, the service slow (2 hrs for lunch), and the portions are small+overpriced. WOB overcharged my credit card (a huge tip was added!). After promising to fix it, Todd, the manager, did nothing and ignored subsequent calls & messages. NOLA has plenty of great restaurants. You're better off skipping this classless establishment.My friend and I visited this place on a Tuesday night. It was busy, and the service was slow. Only two servers to serve the entire place! Too bad for the slow service because the good was pretty good. 
The worst part - After checking out credit card statements, my friend and I both noticed that they placed extra tip above what we had left on our cards!If I could give this place zero stars, I would. Me and a group of three other friends walked in around lunch time. There were several tables still available. There was no one to seat us, so we sat ourselves. We were there for 15 minutes and no one acknowledged us, no one took our drink orders. We asked another group of people sitting near us, and they had been there 25 minutes and had just barely got their drinks, but hadn't even placed their food orders. We were all here for a convention, so we were in a time limit, so we left and went somewhere else where we were helped right away. The other group said that they were going to pay for their drinks and leave as well.Dropped in on a Saturday, around 2 pm. Terrible, slow service with less than 20 people in bar, including our party of 4. Bartender kept complaining how busy it was to justify her awful service. Told us they were out of one brand when we could clearly see it in the cooler. Would hate to be there when they're legitimately busy.Amazing find! It was mid afternoon and we wanted a cold beer. A quick Bing search led us here from the shops at Riverwalk. Huge selection of beers. Did a flight of beers and ended up opting for the Parade Ground. We were lucky enough to hit happy hour. The Margherita Flatbread was super tasty! Service was exceptional, our server was well versed in the WOB offerings. Will stop here again for sure!Nearly empty when some colleagues and I came in at 11pm on Thursday night, after wandering back from an excursion to Bourbon Street. Bar is really clean, has plenty of high top seating, and overall laid back, modern ambience. Decent selection of beer, and yay for closing happy hour specials.
Food takes quite a long time to come out from the kitchen, even though we were one of only 3 parties there, and we only ordered one food item. Also to note, there was a long hair in the flatbread pizza we ordered (all females at the table wore short hair), and I had to pull the hair out of my mouth. Normally I and don't make much a fuss and just toss out or eat around it, but it was pretty long and gross, so the waitress brought us out a new pizza. Took another 20+ minutes, didn't get comped on our bill for it. Good thing it was our last night in town and everyone was baby-ing their beers, otherwise we would have been out of there by the time the pizza came out.In town for a work convention. This place was across from the hotel and looking like a decent option..... 
Unfortunate decision on my part.
Started out with not getting greeted after getting seated for 12 mins... Then after placing our drink order. Waters delivered 4 mins later. .when I inquired about my beer I ordered when we first sat down... They were out. So I ordered a replacement beer. It arrived 5 mins later.  Only saw two servers for a bunch of tables..
Entree ordered... And usually when one orders well done...there is no pink right!?... This burger was medium... Pic attached 
sent it back... Came back minus the toppings..and still pink...by this point we are over it. Fail!
Check came out without the burger on it. They got that right today. So thank you.
Next time they hopefully will have more help... They needed it on this day.
Respectfully,
Bryan 
OKCTrivia is fun.
Food is good for a beer pub.
Service is really spotty.  
Trivia is the only reason I go here now.Stopped in WOB on a beer bike tour for a friend who was moving out of town. It was about 8 of us and all we wanted was beer so we go up to the bartender and he says he cant take our order we have to order from the waitress of which I called bull. Then the waitress comes and asks if we were ordering food of which some of us did and most didnt we just wanted beer so I asked for the manager and then all of a sudden the bartender starts taking our orders. The guy was a idiot since he would have gotten the majority of our tips. The beer selection here is vast but a bit pricey for New Orleans since there is so much competition. Its better to order beers here that you couldnt get anywhere else if you are going to pay $10 a glass.Stopped in to World of Beer on a Tuesday night after dinner. It was very quiet. The draft beer list has some great beers on it and we enjoyed a few. There are many bottles to choose from. The bar is large with loads of seating at the bar and tables, too. The service was just so/so. I really have a problem with an empty glass at a bar, especially when it's not busy. We will not be back.I hate that I'm not giving this establishment 5 stars, because I used to come here constantly -- I still visit every now and then, but things have definitely changed. The past year or so, the beer selection offered seems to be only 25% of what is listed on the menu; at a BAR called WORLD OF BEER. And during our last visit, we experienced our waitress getting into an argument with the bartender, to the extent that a manager came and apologized to us. 
THAT BEING SAID, the pretzel with beer cheese and the shrimp tacos are AMAZING!On Halloween night I brought 5 people to this bar who came in to New Orleans all the way from Buffalo, NY.  We take our seats and wait literally 1/2 hour for service.  And no the bar was not so busy that we could not be tended to.  In fact we actually had to go to the bar to place our beer order where we were told they were out of 2 out of the 3 beers we requested.  When I finally got our server's attention to ask for water, she immediately turns around and begins to clean the table behind us before getting the water.
I live in this area, and I recommended this place b/c I am supposed to know what I am talking about.  I will NEVER recommended this place to a tourist again.  I was embarrassed and humiliated.  It will not happen again.Blindly walked into this place, skeptical when I looked it up on Yelp and it had mediocre reviews. I was very very surprised. Not only did they have an incredible beer selection and provided tablets so you can see all the choices, the food was also out of this world! They tacos, humus, and pretzel couldn't have been better. I will definitely be returning again soon! I loved this place :)Came in here Monday night after wrestling  and feel the experience warrants my first Yelp review. Sat at the bar around 9.30 and was greeted by our bartender Rella. She was very friendly and informed us that the kitchen was serving late night menu and would be closing at 10. We were starving so we put in our orders immediately. At 9.50 a manager (a short man with glasses)  stormed to the bar and angrily told the bartender that the kitchen is closed and that we would not be getting our food. Rella was visibly embarrassed and told us that she would be right back. She went to the back and came back a few minutes later and assured us that we would be eating. 
The food was delicious and Rella was absolutely wonderful, but the manager was very unprofessional . We asked what time the kitchen usually closes on a week day and no one could give us a definitive answer. Apparently it is up to the discretion of whatever manager on duty. We saw at least 5 other groups walk in after us and leave after being informed that the kitchen was closed. Rella was even kind enough to give directions to a neighboring bar that was serving food(she even called them to verify!)  
I give 5 stars to service and food, but 0 stars for management. I recommend you call ahead if you're hungry, apparently the kitchen closes whenever they feel like it. Or make sure Rella is working, she will fight to get you fed!Went here for PT Pub Night during a conference. While it was packed with college students, I did enjoy the beer selection and while many were being served beer in a plastic cup, the bartenders put mine in the appropriate glassware. 
Bartenders were extremely busy, but my glass was never empty for long. I didn't try and food but I enjoyed my experience here.Went for brunch. Had a Bloody Mary, the pancakes and skillet, way too much food for me had ample leftovers. Everything was good. Super fancy ladies room too lolGreat new place.  The girls behind the bar are super friendly, knowledgable and excited about the beers. I had a wedge salad and the Black & Blue Flatbread, both were really good.Terrible. Just terrible. You are in New Orleans. Go somewhere else.
Came in and was immediately sat down. Ordered some waters while we tried to sort through the tablet which contained the 500 something beers. We got 3 of our 6 waters and was told they were waiting on clean glasses to come out. We never got the other waters.
Our server had no idea what beer was. I mean that literally; he was making it all up on the fly. We tried to ask for a recommendation for an IPA. He suggested a beer, which when delivered was definitely a stout. One of us ordered a flight, which had the names totally unreadable, so we tried to ask him what was it. He told us the lightest beer was a beer we all knew to be a stout, so at that point we gave up hope of discovering what we were drinking.
I had a Caesar salad with chicken. The chicken was tiny crumbs of dried, overcooked meat over a very lightly dressed salad. It needed salt and pepper, but none could be found. One of the people at our table ordered some tacos they enjoyed, so there is that. The kitchen ran out of fries, so some people had to wait an extra 10 minutes for those.
To the server's credit, he was attentive and polite. I just wish he would have admitted he had no idea what he was talking about.
Once again, go somewhere else. You get get better food almost in any direction you could walk from this place.Excellent choice of beers. Had the fried calamari with my beer which were just the right amount with 2 good sauces.
Service was good and knowledgeable. He asked me what type of vers I liked and when I told him to pick something for me I didn't know yet, he hit just the right spot.For the price it just really doesn't work for me.  You can get better quality food that tastes much better at local places in the area.  You can get better prices on the same beers at other local places in the area.  It is a nice space and has a great set up for watching sports.  The service is really friendly and attentive.  They do have some beers other joints in the area don't have so that would be about the only reason I could think of having a desire for coming here.  
Ultimately the sad reality facing this place is that mediocre food just doesn't cut it in NOLA so if you can't bring an "A" game of deliciousness you will fail at scoring high marks.  Seriously just don't even bother with their burger as there are fast food chains that make better versions than this bar chain.  Leave this place to the tourists if you're a local and used to our great NOLA food and our superior burgers.Great food! Friendly service and wonderful beer selection. Fast service and very good at recommending beerd. Tasters are given. Great atmosphere and decor. Loved walking across the street from our hotel. We went twice on our trip. Try it out.Had a great time here for Happy Hour with co-workers.  The food, drinks, staff and atmosphere was great. My card did accidentally get charged twice, but the manager, David, was super helpful and easy to get in touch with.  He credited me back for the over charge and the actual charge and gave me a gift card for my next visit.  Now that's what I call superior customer service.  It will also make me a lifelong customer!If you are looking for a great beer selection and comfort food, this is the place for you. Plenty of TVs. Great atmosphere. 
The restaurant was not busy at all. Surprising!  
The service was very good. 
The beer selection is amazing 
The food was delicious. Comfort food!Stopped here tonight to hang with some friends. Let's just say I'm not impressed. Our server took a while to take our order and took even longer to bring our drinks and/or food.  It's not his fault tho. We had a pretty large group.  He still had other tables as well.  The best dish I think was the German pretzel with the beer cheese sauce.  I had tried my friend's nacho but there was mostly crumbs of chips instead of actual chips. My Mac and cheese was dry.  My burger was cold and soggy.  I couldn't even eat it. My hubster was hungry so he ate it for me...soggy bread and all.
What really made me sick was the bathroom.  It looked as if no one had cleaned it in a week.  The last stall had mildew ring around the toilet.  Other stalls had pink mildew stains.  I felt sooo nauseous. Even now...I just can't... 
I won't be back. That's unhygienic of this restaurant.  The metarie location was never this dirty.Service is horrid. We ordered tacos and a chicken sandwich,it took 55 mins. to get our food which was cold.our server said it took so long because of a large party which we never saw in the hour we waited on our food. One of our party ordered a draft beer and got it 25 mins. later in a chipped glass which cut her lip.Should be named World of steer clearI really love this bar and have never had a bad experience like some of the reviews I have seen. Me and my friends were there for the LSU bs Alabama game and they also enjoyed themselves. A good friend of mine was in from Germany and he was even impressed with the German beer selection. The food is good and I will say did take some time but they were slammed that night, every other time we have been it been fairly quick. Overall I would highly recommend this place especially for watching some sports and the quality of beer selection!I had the steak sandwich on focaccia with goat cheese which had a little less steak than I was expecting and was tough to chew.  My dad had the cod fish and chips which he enjoyed thoroughly and my brother had the fried pickles which he said were only alright.  Crowd volume was a little loud but our server, Charita, was very good; personable, attentive, and professional.I'll admit, I was skeptical of a place called "World of Beer." I was fully prepared to take a step inside the door, realize it was Douchebro Central, and walk right back out. But I was very pleasantly surprised. The place is spacious, not loud, relaxed and inviting. Service was efficient and friendly. The food isn't super cheap or super healthy, but if you know that going in and you're craving some tasty comfort food, this will hit the spot dead-on. My only minor disappointment was that they didn't have the one specific obscure beer I was hoping for, but with 500 others to pick from it wasn't hard to find one I liked. I'll be back.