I go here about once a week it's close to campus and it's a affordable for a college student they have fast service and solid fish recommend the sunshine roll or the gold point roll. The owner loves the saints so gameday is big dealI really love coming here for lunch. You really can't beat the lunch prices and there is something about it that just makes you want to eat more and more of it. I can't describe what it is, but I've gained some pounds from their lunch. ( The little fried eggrolls are so special) I don't feel as great about dinner since the hibachi meats can be a bit dry, but the hibachi rice is killer.This is my favorite place to get sushi. When I went to UNO, it was convenient to go with classmates and share a few rolls. I have only dined in. The rolls are a nice size, and are always made fresh.
My suggestions for sushi:
Tiger Roll
Sunshine Roll
Burning Man Roll
Volcano Roll
For dessert:
Fried Bananas
Mochi Ice Cream
The restaurant itself is in a strip mall a block off on the southwest corner of Robert E Lee and Paris Avenues. There is ample parking. It is right next to a nail place, and there is a physical therapy office in the same strip mall. The restrooms are neat and clean, as is the dining area of the restaurant.
Now that I have moved further away from Yummy, I still come by, though not as frequently, and they always remember me, ask how I am doing, and are kind.Visited a few times by now and I've never, ever, been disappointed. The Gold Point Roll is awesome. I think it will be the staple for each of my visits. The staff is friendly and quick, they remember frequent customers. Definitely one of the better places to have lunch or dinner in the lake front areaWhere do I begin?
A shrimp tempura appetizer with 2 shrimp?  Hibachi rice with no vegetables and just eggs?  $20 Chirashi meal with 5 kinds of sashimi?  No fewer than 3 servers taking care of us?
How about this: one of the three servers would not stop badgering my girlfriend and I for leaving a piece of fried zucchini on our shrimp tempura appetizer plate at the end of the meal (we had 2 apps and our entrees at this point), told us to finish it, and didn't bring us the check or take the plate until after we split it in front of him.  It was surreal.  I wish I was exaggerating, but this server hovered over is like our mother and watched us. 
Terrible service, lame cookie cutter rolls you could get anywhere, ugly UGLY interior.  Not worth it even for the low price.another great addition to lakeview! very good rolls, very good service. only suggestion is to ease off the garlic in the stir frys.I came here for a quick hibachi meal without the show lol. It was pretty empty, so I was able to sit wherever I wanted. My order was taken right away, my food came fast, and it was delicious. I would definitely recommend to others and come again.We love Yummy.  Great sized rolls, not too big so you can actually fit them in your mouth.  The bento box as lunch is a great deal.  The rolls we like are Jazz and the Soft Shell Crab.  We always go for tempura shrimp when getting the bento box.  Recommendation to the owner, jazz up the inside.  It's pretty bland.  
Service is good and the price is reasonable.My office staff and I eat here at least once a week. We enjoy the hibachi lunch with an occasional sushi order. Only negative is sometimes it's a little salty, especially the soup. But most days it's just fine. They can be crowded at lunch, so if you have a bigger group you may want to try a little later. My favorite is steak and chicken. The lunch waiter is super nice and accommodating as we are usually a 5-6 top table. He even separates our checks. We are so glad to have this restaurant in our neighborhood!Great prices, reliable, and fresh fish. Been coming here since they opened and have never had a bad experience. My favorite items are the baked salmon and the tiger roll but if you go for lunch you can't pass up on their bento box because it's a lot of food for under $10!Doesnt look like much, but the sushi is really good and fresh. We tried a bunch of different rolls and everything we got was super fresh and tasty. Its also very reasonably priced for sushi. We are planning to go back! 
PS: They got their liqour license so they have sake, beer & wine now!Service was great, fresh sushi, and very clean. The reviews definitely hype this place though. Nothing special here.I've only been there once, and the sushi was delicious. In my limited experience I usually hold off on reviewing a place, but I'm going to give it five stars because it's a new business and they could use the visibility!
I haven't tried any of their specialty rolls. I went real simple the first time: had the fresh salmon box and the unagi (eel) nigirizushi. They were both delicious, the eel barbecued nicely, the salmon fresh and the crab salad tasty and sweet. The salmon box pieces also had a slice of avocado on top, which is a nice complement that not every restaurant has. I'll be back to try more--I'm just really freakin' happy a sushi place opened up this close to me. I only have my bike and there's not much else in this hood, compared to other places in New Orleans. Others in Lake Terrace-- check it out!
Update: Been there many more times since my first visit and I had a chance to try a lot more. All of it ranged from good to great. Their standard iceberg salad that comes with any combo is totally and almost humorously drenched in their dressing, but that's cool since it's tasty dressing. Their miso is as decent as anywhere.
I'm not good at reviewing specific rolls because to me makizushi rolls (in general, not just here) are always just a hodgepodge of flavors that usually work, occasionally don't, and are sometimes difficult to eat because they are piled so ridiculously high. This last part of phenomena is particularly funny to me. I understand makizushi is cool and unique seeming, so it makes sense that it would be the aspect of sushi that became popular here in America, but to me the core (and ultimate point) of sushi is the quality of the fish and the purity of experiencing it simply, which is exemplified by nigirizushi. It seems like kind of a prank on this concept to make bigger and bigger monster roles with more ingredients. But just like I am not a fan of people who sublimate Hemingway for his minimalism and decry [better, if I may be so bold] writers like Cormac McCarthy for lavish word-experimentation, I see the point and the fun (and the occasional brilliance) in trying these new wild sushi combination rolls.
This long-winded ramble was partly a segue into a response to someone's complaint of a lack of sake: I don't think the ideal measurement of a "sushi-ya" as it were is whether or not it has sake to pair with the sushi. The main and ideal measurement is how good they are at the basics. I've heard there's a belief in Japan by some people that the way to judge a sushi place is the quality of their tamago, which is egg custard, because it's very simple but very difficult to do exceptionally well. Besides which, it takes time for any new restaurant to get a liquor license, and anyway it seems from the reviews that they now do have one.
Another issue brought up was poor service. I completely disagree; in my maybe thirty times eating here, I've had nothing but completely friendly and quick (but not too quick, as someone said) service.
Anyway, just adding to my praise for my local sushi joint.I've been here plenty of times and I've never been disappointed! Not that many people know about it so you always get a table right when you walk in. I've had the same server each time and she is always so nice. 
The rolls are cut into 8 which I like. I hate when they are too big to eat. They have great lunch specials! Two rolls for $8.50 with a soup AND salad. Their special rolls are reasonably priced. They start at about $7.50 to $13.00. 
HANDS DOWN BEST SUSHI PLACE I'VE GONE TO IN A LONG TIME!I am obsessed with this place! I wasn't a big fan of sushi until I tried the yummy roll. The first time I had it I came back 3 times in one week to order the same roll... I quickly became a regular. The service is friendly and quick.Sushi is good by i would only stick to that. I've tried the fried rice and some appetizers and they weren't good, and overpriced. The service is nothing special either. But it's convenient for me because it's next to my school.I live nearby, and I have eaten here twice already.  The sushi is legit.  The New Orleans Roll and the Rock-n-Roll are both very tasty and filling.  The crabmeat salad has been awesome both times.
They don't have a liquor license yet, so you can BYOB, which is awesome.  No corkage fee either.
The prices are good.  Sushi is in the $4 range, and the basic rolls are around $5.  Fancier rolls get up to $11 and $12.
Much better than the sushi place on the West End Lakview area close to the marina.Being a student at UNO with two hours free time, I'm already becoming a regular here. When it comes to Japanese restaurants, I love bento boxes. Yummy has the best bento lunch options (good prices too, try the crabstick tempura) and you get to choose between California roll, crunchy roll or snowcrab roll. I also love the New Orleans roll and can't wait to try the Fried Honey Banana. The interior is really nice and their lunch and dinner hibachi would please anyone.Always great service and food. I usually get the sushi lunch special or hibachi. One of my favorite spots for lunch.So we were in the area and decided to give it another try. This time I'm happy with my food and service.  I gave it a 4star because there could be improvement to it. Maybe more waiter.Very good prices, very fresh sushi. Always a hospitable vibe and we come here often enough that the evening waitress puts our order in without asking. Favorite neighborhood spot!I've been to several sushi places in both New Orleans and Metairie. This is by far the best place. The seafood is fresh and prices are reasonable. It's definitely not as busy as it should be which is a bonus for people trying to find a quality meal without the wait.Great sushi! And tasty cocktails. Really friendly owners. We have started coming about once a week.This place is great and yummy! Lol... I would have given it 5 stars if they had more staff. Only one waiter at all times is not enough! I am patient but jeez....... Other than that I love it!Favorite Sushi in the city. So sad we moved uptown and rarely make it out to Gentilly anymore. Definitely try the Utah roll, it's my absolute favorite!Good place for UNO students to eat at for lunch. Yummy sushiAlways a delight here for quick easy meals. Not too expensive and not cheaply made food. This is saying plenty being that there are just a small handful of decent places throughout this area on back towards the east. Very good in my eyes, pockets, and tummy.Maybe eating in is better. I had my Salmon Bento box to go. Food was decent. Didn't blow me away, but my salmon was way overcooked. It was very dry. Also thought the Bento box was overpriced from what I usually pay for one. Bento box and hibachi shouldn't be about the same price. But that's just my opinion... Still in love with Good Times Sushi over this.Very poor service. I ordered Togo and got the steak habachi which was A. Cooked well done when I ordered medium rare and B. I only got one packet of soy sauce in my bag. Had I not reminded the bartender I would not have even gotten chopsticks and C. the mochi I ordered wasn't even cut, not to mention it was probably the worst clear soup I have ever tasted.I like this place. The sushi rolls are always fresh and yummy! Delivery is a plus. They are a very skimpy on the appetizers, though comparing to other similar places, so we learned to just order the meal size. I like that the rolls are cut into 8 pieces and my favorite is the tempura shrimp rolls! No one has that on their menus! So good! Don't know about table service, we always do take out or delivery and never had a problem with our order.First time here! Not bad at all! We had soft shell crab tempura- delish! A snow crab roll- super delish and only $4.99! Small hot saki! Chicken Hibachi, and Shrimp/ Calamari Hibachi.. Have not ate yet! (Super pissed! I ordered chicken! If I wanted my food to taste like shrimp I would have ordered shrimp! Disgusting! Dry! No flavor other than shrimp!) After soup, salad (dressing was so good), and our app's we were too full! Service was very good, I love the traditional Japanese service! Reason for four star's- NO GINGER SAUCE FOR MY HIBACHI! Reason for downgrade to two stars- freaking shrimp flavored chicken! Stick with sushi that's what they got! NEVER GOING BACK!did search for sushi and gentilly/lakeview area.  very pleased.  great food and service.The prices are good. The sushi is Yummy! They have a liquor license, and they deliver too. The staff is always friendly and the sushi chefs know me and are great!I had a lunch 2 roll combo for $8.50.  I got clear soup, a salad, a California roll, and a crunchy roll.  It was good, but not the best I've ever had.  The server, a middle-aged woman, was lightening fast and polite.A group of friends and I wanted to grab a bite to eat and sushi seemed really great at the moment but since we had exams to study for and what not we decided to stay close by. There was really only two options, Goodtime or Yummy. I've never been to neither and I never saw yummy before but I have caught a glimpse of Goodtime every day as I drove to school. To me Yummy sounded more appealing and plus it had four and a half stars, it seem to beat Goodtime just by the looks because on the outside Goodtime literally looked like a brick  building that was run down and ghetto. I guess Yummy taught me never to judge a book by its cover cause now I wish we would have went to Goodtime.
We started with the appetizers, baked salmon, crunchy rolls, rock and rolls, beef tataki, and tiger roll.  If you ever had a rock and roll anywhere, most of the time its one of the biggest rolls that you'd get so it would be hard to just put one piece in your mouth in one bite.  Yummy's Rock and Roll was the size of a normal crunchy roll which was weird and it didn't taste yummy.  The beef tataki was literally like slices of raw beef barely seared for us.  Again, it wasn't as yummy as the beef tataki should have been plus they didn't even pour the sauce on it.  It was a plate of raw beef and sauce to dip.  The tiger roll however was not the best roll I ever had but it wasn't bad.  The baked salmon and crunchy rolls weren't bad either, its so simple I guess they couldn't ruin that.
I ordered a chicken teriyaki bento-box, which I was actually pleased with.  It was full of food with a great price, however the chicken was really dry and the only thing that helped me eat it was the teriyaki sauce on top of it.  I didn't like the rice that came with it either, the flavor just wasn't appealing to me.  I liked that you had a choice of crunchy or cali roll in your bento box because most places go cheap and only give you cali rolls with your bento box.  The group ordered the steak and scallop hibachi. The portion wasn't as big as we expected cause we ordered the dinner portion.  The steak and scallops was sort of tasty but at the same time too salty.  I don't really think i'd come back because to me the food wasn't yummy like their restaurant's name was.  Maybe next time I'll try Goodtime and not judge it by the way it looks.I went on a Friday and sat at the sushi bar. The miso soup was a little thin, I ordered a salmon sushi, gyoza, crunchy shrimp roll & a Philadelphia roll and a BBQ eel sushi for dessert. All were good and fresh. Going back for more.Excellent variety Sushi rolls &  squid salad. New Orleans roll & Nice roll our favorites. Our little granddaughter loved the edamame & the Avocado roll. Great service, family friendly & quiet!I actually enjoyed the sushi here! I am kind of a sushi snob and I despise expensive rolls! The sushi was fresh and very reasonably priced.  The inside is cute and definitely a lunch spot. My fiance had the teriyaki and liked the bento box. I will definitely return! Only bad thing is like with most places like this,  no free refills!I love this place. It's a very small but intimate restaurant. The sushi was amazing and the prices are great. I wanted to try the hibachi but there was a communication error between the server and I, but the sushi and martini were so good I didn't care. I will definitely be returning. Also, they deliver.Atmosphere isn't quite Rock-n-sake, but the sushi and service is awesome. Love the Utah Roll.Great great food with cheap price!!
I had my first hibachi there, it was sooooo so good!!!!!
They really give you a big amount with pretty fair price!
I like the Cashier Lisa a lot. She is super sweet.
Oh also, I recommend their crabmeat salad if you are a crabmeat person!
Anyways, I totally recommend yummy to all of y'all who love sushi and hibachi like me :))Yummy is an amazing sushi place tucked into a little strip mall by UNO ... behind the Papa John's pizza.
It's not much to look at, but it is very clean, and the staff is superb.  Our regular waitress remembered that I asked for Uni on our very first visit, and she makes us feel like family every time we are there.  The quality of the sushi is outstanding -- the fish is always fresh and the preparations are perfect.  The special rolls are wonderful, especially the Utah and Whitney rolls.  Tempura is well done, never too greasy.  
They do have a liquor license now, so no worries about not getting sake.  Mmmm, sake.  They also deliver, but that can take some time to arrive.  If you're in the neighborhood, it's a better idea to call in your order and pick it up.  Overall though, I can't say enough great things about Yummy.Really great sushi. Very fresh. They just started delivering in the area too! It's nice to have such a good sushi place near the lake.  Their signature Yummy Roll has red snapper on top. My all time favorite is the Rainbow Roll and theirs is always good.Probably one of the best Rainbow Rolls ever! Fish is always fresh and staff is always friendly. Wait times for call in orders are a bit long as they never have my order ready when they say it'll be ready; but it's well worth the wait!There aren't a lot of places to eat close to UNO so I was excited when Yummy finally opened.  Every time I go in I get the bento box.  At this point I have had the steak, chicken, and salmon teriyaki.  My favorite is the salmon, but with all 3 coming in under $9 it is a good meal at a good price.  The bento box lunch comes with a green salad with ginger dressing, miso soup, and the bento box has the entree item, hibachi rice, 2 crab stick spring rolls, 4 piece sushi (I always get crunchy roll), and 1/2 an orange.  By the time I'm finished I am happy and full.  On top of all that, the staff is really nice and the kitchen is fast.I found this place hidden behind a Papa John's in Gentilly and almost screamed because sushi and Hibachi has quickly became two of my favorite things in the last year. The place is named "YUMMY" so I owed it to myself to try them out.  So far I have been for dinner and lunch and both times were phenomenal experiences. It's a small and very quiet location, great for those dates you take yourself on or a loved one and want it to be a little personable; this would be the place for you. 
I have tried the wonderful freshly made Snow Crab rolls, Chicken Hibachi, Shrimp and Scallops Hibachi. These were all tasty treats.  Each Hibachi dish comes with some great onion soup (that I must say is great for my sinus issues!), a ginger salad (I'm not a big ginger fan but this one has a good blend that's not too much for my palette), hibachi fried rice with a great pepper flavor and hibachi vegetables. Its truly a great and filling meal, so tasteful.  I live for scallops so their scallop preparation is just right for me. If you go for lunch you can get a great hibachi meal for about  $12 and dinner approximately $15/19. 
The staff is really friendly and cater to your needs. By it being such a small venue you will definitely get a great experience while dining here. Great place to try at lunch on a weekend in my opinion.Good stop for sushi in the UNO/Gentilly/Lakeview area.  They are really only busy during lunch during the week and on the weekend they are completely empty.  The sushi is alright, nothing special, but still good.  They have all the typical rolls and take special additions or exclusions (add green onion, take out avocado, etc.).  
Their biggest draw for me is the lunch combo: salad, soup and two rolls under $10 Mon-Sat 11-3.  There are a few other combos with sashimi, tempura or yakitori type offerings.
Service is very friendly and only a handful of people work there so they remember their customers, which is nice.  No fountain drinks, only cans.Their lunch Bento boxes are great and filling, AND the steak & shrimp hibachi with shrimp fried rice on the dinner menu are my favsI give this place 5 stars. Kind staff. Yummy food for sure. Good place to go especially if you're a UNO student.We enjoyed our visit to Yummy while vacationing in New Orleans.  We were a bit disappointed they didn't have hibachi grills to sit at but the delicious food made up for it.  My husband ordered the beef teriyaki, my stepdaughter ordered the hibachi steak and I had seaweed salad and a Yummy roll.  Everything was great.  The service was quick and very courteous.  The place is very clean and tastefully decorated.  We enjoyed our dinner and our waiter was attentive.I have the bento plate.. with crab sushi roll crab tempura salad and soup...it was ok... it was not the best ive taste but the quantity was enough to get full...everything seemed and tasted fresh...i had take out, yet while waiting i peeped out the atmosphere, and i can say it was real nice for a intimate date...I absolutely love this place! I'm a huge fan of sushi and this is by far one of my favorite sushi restaurants in New Orleans. The fish is always fresh, the rolls are nicely sized and the service (dine in or take out) is superb. 
Things to get: 
Tuna House Style (lots of tuna)
Gold Point
Snow Crab Naruto
Whitney Roll
Jazz RollThe sushi master is also the owner and he and his wife are the nicest folks! They are willing to make any and all of their hibachi meals vegetarian. The house salad dress
is so good you will want to ask for a bowlful and eat it like soup. The dining room and bathrooms are alway sparkling clean. Only negative is that their sodas come in a bottle, but their iced tea is unlimited.I'd really rate just under 4 stars. Not bad they served a dish not like described because they said they changed it. Would have been nice to know before ordering it. It was beef tataki. It was ok. The squid salad was good and the fire dragon roll was great after adding spicy mayo. Without it it lacks in flavor. Still not bad.It's a good place to come for lunch (which ends at 3pm). It's a little hard to find if you're coming east from canal, it's on end of the shopping center furthest from the main road. The place is clean and unlike some people, I didn't find the service to be bad at all. I'd come here again since it's in close proximity to UNO. I was recommended here from a sushi chef from another sushi restaurant because they had more variety.They have very good lunch bento boxes. I always get beef teriyaki with crunchy rolls. My daughter loves the salmon nigiri and shrimp nigiri. The customer service is also good.I am pretty shocked this place has four stars. I must admit I eat here a lot because it is near my house and they deliver (a huge plus!). The first time I went there in 2014 it was good. Ever since then it has gotten worse and worse. It's not really bad sushi it just tastes bland, extremely flavorless. Even the wasabi they use tastes like nothing! How is that possible? I always feel like I wasted my money after going. It's such a shame because the staff is really nice.Great hibachi food in the neighborhood. No need to go all the way uptown. we often order take out. They take payment over the phone and they also deliver for $1.50.rude service, better option is down the street on elysian. better food plus the people who work there aren't a**holes :)Recently my lady and I attended the season opening game of the Big Easy Rollergirls at UNO's Human Performance Center. Since the game was a double header, it started around 5pm and didn't end until after 9pm. We had made the mistake of not having dinner before the game and were desperate for some food. Unfortunately, a lot of places close after 9, even on a Saturday. Luckily I found Yummy Sushi listed on Yelp.
Tucked almost out of sight in a small shopping mall-like area you'll find a very nice, clean, and organized Japanese restaurant. It was late in the evening so other than us there was only one other table. I ordered the Chirashi dinner, which is a standard order I use at new places to judge how they will prepare this classic dish. Yummy Sushi did not disappoint. The sushi cuts were large and plentiful, almost more than I could eat. My girl ordered some rolls which were fresh and delicious.
We'll definitely visit again, maybe even make this the place to get dinner on rollerderby nights.It actually been a few months since the last time I went here but I forgot to post a review. 
I actually don't have any complains about the food.
The service there really isn't that good. So we came there twice and both time we were greeted with stares from the waitress. She stared at us for a good minute before saying "you can go sit over there" and pointed to the corner. Okay.... And throughout the whole time she barely come to ask us if we needed anything else (it wasn't busy time either). And when we signal for help she came over with an attitude. We came here to eat and of course pay for it and give good tip (if you have good service). So don't give us a bitchy attitude!!! 
I would not recommend going here if you prefer both good service and good food!This is my new favorite sushi joint. My wife and i went on the weekend when it was nearly empty, everyone that worked there was very nice. We didn't know what we wanted so we ordered a bunch of stuff. We got Pot stickers for an appetizer, they were pretty good better then most other places. We ordered the Yummy roll, and the Nice roll, the crunchy shrimp roll, and hibachi fried rice / shrimp & tempura chicken. The first roll we got was the Nice roll, and holy crap was it good, we knew we needed to save space for everything else but we killed it. Next came the Yummy Roll it was just as good as the Nice roll but we saved half to save room. Both rolls were packed full, very fresh, and tons of flavor, plus they looked pretty cool. The Crunchy roll was kinda flat but we should have eaten it before the kick ass rolls prior. We then got our fried rice and hibachi, the rice was great had egg, carrots and onions and was cooked perfect without being to heavy or oily. the tempura chicken was very good and light crispy, it came with tempura veggies that we didn't care for. They had a triple thick onion ring that if they would have make smaller would have been awesome onion rings. Our bill was exactly what we thought it should have been for our food and service. This is now my go to place for sushi and highly recommend it.I love this place, not too far away from my house, not to busy and always fresh good tasting sushi.
My favorite, Utah and tiger roll.
Service is great!
It's a good place to go.I had the sashimi lunch. The fish was fresh and the prices are fair. This staff isn't the friendliest. I felt sort of rushed to close out because my server just kept watching me and the moment I took my last bite my check was promptly delivered. 
But my only real complaint about this place is that they don't have an alcohol serving license so there is NO SAKE!!!! A shiver of horror struck my body once I asked for a hot sake with my meal and the server told me they did not serve any alcohol. So I got an ice tea instead. Nothing against ice tea or anything...I mean I love ice tea....but the thought of eating sushi without a hot sake is sort of like eating cake without icing on it to me. It's just one of those things I have to have if I'm in the mood for restaurant quality sushi. 
Bottom line: good quality fish but I may only get to go orders here from now on since there is no sake to seduce me into staying awhile.so at first i thought this place was part of the closed down lot next to it.  it is very hidden but oh god, once i discovered it.  i eat there 2-5 times a month since i live close by,sometimes just to-go.  i took some friends from out of town and decided to try a new dish.  TUNA HOUSE STYLE.    OMG!!!!  i had one as an app.  i got one to-go for lunch the next day at work and stopped AGAIN on my way home to have a third.  my only sadness is THEY ARE CLOSED ON SUNDAYS.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YUMMY!!!!!!!We continuesly are coming back for the famous Yummy Roll. It's the best. We also tried Rainbow Roll and several other simpler ones. They also make good Hibachi dinner. 
For desserts they have awesome ice-creams and even fried cheese cake. 
They also have nice martinis with Asian fruits. 
And the staff is very friendly. Owners would most of the time be working with everybody and would introduce their food.I've had so much bad sushi in New Orleans I almost gave it up.  Yummy Sushi was a big surprise - great sashimi lunch!Great option for hibachi near the house.
There isn't a show, but that's perfectly ok with me, especially when I just want a quick meal.
Every hibachi meal comes with a shrimp, which is a nice touch.I love this place! What could possibly be better than delicious sushi delivered to your door?! Everything is fresh and has very distinctive flavor. Smoked salmon rolls were very good and I get the crab topping as well. This place is amazingSolid spot. Very affordable. Sushi isn't the greatest but it is still good. And all Hibachi means are excellence. But price and convenience are both very good and well worth going to Yummy.As a student at UNO there is slim pickings for off campus dining anywhere near school. For various socioeconomic reasons Gentilly/Lakeview just has not bounced back. I was introduced to the establishment by word of mouth from a graduate student at the school. He told me he goes there once a week to support the business so it does not fail like so many other local restaurants in the area. I am generally skeptical of Sushi places I have not visited before because of one too many bad fish experiences when taking  gamble. This time though I decided to take the leap.
The first time I went to Yummy I ordered for pickup. The order consisted of a squid salad, crabmeat salad, edamame, Yummy Roll, Tuna Avocado Roll, and Salmon Avocado Roll.
It was all neatly packaged with tons of different dipping sauces, regular soy sauce, low-sodium soy sauce, chopsticks, and paper towels. It is awesome to be given the choices of every sauce so that you can have the options you would be able to have in the restaurant. 
So enough about the lagniappe let us get to the main course the food. Now some sushi places give you tiny salads which are very much appetizers. Yummy is nothing like that; the Crabmeat Salad was so big it could have existed as a meal on it's own. The taste was cool, smooth, and savory sweet which is exactly what you want crabmeat to taste like when it is prepared this way. It is served with slices of Avocados which are nothing exciting on their own, but a dash of salt or soy sauce they pump up to be a wonderful addition to the dish. 
The Squid Salad is thinly sliced marinated squid that if you enjoy the texture and chewiness of squid is delicious. I am a sucker for salty marinades; though it is not too salty if that isn't you bag. Though not as big as the Crabmeat salad it was a filling and well sized dish. 
The Tuna Avocado Roll and Salmon Avocado Rolls were medium sized eight piece each rolls. Tightly wrapped with fresh fish and Avocado that had a simple flavorful nature without the addition of any sauce. Though I did realize dipping them in the Ponzu was definitely that best idea. Most sushi places try to skimp on the basic rolls, but Yummy gives you good sized rolls for incredibly low prices. A couple of these basic rolls is a meal in itself.
Now the comes the BEAST. The Yummy Roll the establishment's signature roll that is the monstrous gargantuan behemoth single roll dinner and a half it claims to be. It has a plethora of tempura shrimp, snowcrab, red snapper, smothered in eel sauce and spicy mayonnaise. It again has the delicious avocado and crunchy which makes the flavor/texture palate even more varied. It is definitely a kabuki performance in your mouth as each part of the roll places a different roll in satisfying your tongue and stomach.  
Yummy is the cure for the culinary deficiency that the area is afflicted with. If you are looking for a place that has quick service, well priced dishes, and healthy sized portions I would look no further than Yummy for your lunch spot.Yummy is very very yummy!!!!  Wanted Hibachi without leaving the neighborhood and was NOT disappointed. While it is not cooked at a traditional hibachi bar it is cooked hibachi style and is very very good. The sushi is very fresh and also very good as well!!  Yummy yummy yummy!!!!!Our neighborhood sushi place. Always fresh reasonably priced. Great selection. Friendly staff.Do not go to these people, very rude!! They rush you to order and they stare.. food was also really nasty. The fried ice cream was OKAY.. but like, overall terrible place.Atmosphere-
Clean and spacious. Little sparse in decorations. Couple TVs here and there. 
Staff-
A bit curt
Food-
I found the sushi to be so-so. We got 7 rolls and shared them. Nothing great, nothing bad. It was just a meh experience. The sushi rolls looked great and presentation was nice but taste was meh. I won't miss this place but if I'm near it at lunch I'll go back.Amaaaaaxing food. I have recommended this place to evvvveryone I know. The hibachi chicken and shrimp is amazing. Great veggies and rice and the seasoning is phenomnenal! They also give you a lot of food, I have a lot of left overs afterwards. Also the california rolls are delicious. The restaurant itself is really nice and clean, huuge tvs. I typically order take out though3/5 it's fine
i normally go to the other place (cough, cough), but decided to try this spot one saturday. it wasn't too busy for a late lunch, and the service was really attentive. so that's good.
the food wasn't too flavorful, though. i got the bento box that came with soup and salad, which both were oddly bland. normally i find miso too salty, but this didn't really have much flavor, kinda watered-down-ish. the tempura sampler wasn't too great either - you get 2 pieces of shrimp or chicken and then cuts of sad veggies. the tempura was really thick and wasn't that appetizing. the shrimp sorta had a weird taste, and so did the imitation snow crab meat. the rest of the bento box was fine.
so yeah, there's that other place.Definitely recommend this place. The staff always seem to be happy. Prices are perfect and the food is fresh. Food arrives in a timely manner even when busy. I can consider myself being a regular here.Came here for dinner with my SO the other night, and we were pleasantly surprised.  We recently moved to the area, so we wanted to try what few restaurants are nearby.
So, we got an order of gyoza, an order of chicken tempura, a rocknroll, and a yummy roll.
The gyoza was pretty good, pretty typical pork dumpling.  The tempura was pretty good too.  It came with 2 pieces of chicken, a slice of sweet potato, a piece of zucchini, a green bean, and an onion ring.  Good crunch, good flavor.
I can't remember what was in the rocknroll exactly - avocado, crab, and shrimp tempura I think.  I do know we finished it.  So yeah, it was good.
The Yummy Roll is very similar to the rocknroll, but they add fried snapper and spicy mayo on top.  It was pretty fantastic.   Both rolls tasted fresh and had good flavor.  And I got to eat half the Yummy Roll for lunch the next day!I dont normally make reviews, i usually just read them. But this sushi place shook me so much that i had to give credit to their amazing lunch special. I was very hungry after class today and wanted to treat myself for a good lunch. So i noticed there was a sushi bar right down the street. When ordering i couldnt choose between the bento and the sushi lunch special. I Choose the crabmeat tempura lunch bento and hoped for the best. After 10 minutes of eating i was extremely delighted. The karumaki that comes with the box is an eggroll with snowcrab in it (a true delight to find out) the sushi was a right amount  and the crabmeant tempura was excellent. I couldnt believe how pleased i was to eat here. The bento really hit all flavor spots that i was hoping for. The rice wasnt very good. Probably the worst thing but the orange really smacked. It was juicy and refreshing between the salty bites. 10/10 would come again just for their lunch special. with my bill only being 9 dollars. I was extremely pleased and tipped well. Tell all your lunch friends to eat here next.