I thoroughly enjoyed the ambiance. The decor was modern and cozy. The lighting was appropriate for dinner but terrible for selfies lol. Our waiter was OK. He seemed to be very hyper and impatient. I almost felt like he was rushing to take care of us instead of genuinely trying to give us an experience. I ordered the Shrimp Breaux Bridge and it was tasty. Nothing to phone home about but it was good. My friend ordered the Balsamic Salmon and it was good as well. It kind of reminded me of an Asian dish. Another friend had the Pesto Crusted Idaho Trout. It was cooked and flavored very nicely. 
I also ordered the Zangria White which is a sangria that was supposed to include strawberries, blueberries and diced apples... and i only got apples. IF there is an item on the menu that contains SEASONAL FRUITS AND VEGGIES ETC.... DISCLOSE SOMEWHERE ON THE MENU THAT THOSE THINGS ARE OUT OF SEASON. It definitely wouldve made a difference in my drink order. But overall the sangria was OK. 
I would go back because Im sure the service is better that what I experienced and I have heard amazing things about the menu.The chicken and the ribs entrees were overly-salty. I like my foods full of flavor, but not salt. But still it was pretty good, and the parking lot was convenient. The sides were good though.Great ribs-chicken-pork.  Corn was dish was excellent.  Praline cheesecake was not what I expected but fit the bill.  Great atmosphere.  Best seats are in the window where you can watch the street cars go by.This is one of those times I wish Yelp allowed us 1/2 ratings because I would give this place 3 1/2 stars. I think Zea is all about bang for your buck -- it's not very expensive and you get a ton of decent food. Nothing very creative, but solid food. However, the service needs vast improvement. But I'd return because the prices are extremely reasonable. Atmosphere is decent.The food was great, and our waitress was excellent .
And her name was Oneal ask for her you can't go wrong. Thanks ZeaThe Thai ribs were so good!  The flavors were subtle but good.  The meat was fall off the bone.  We would go back again.Great tuna, great steak.   My favorite dish by far is the seasonal Thai Mussels-- so freaking good! Please Zea put them on the menu full-time. Please! The service is good. They also make a good vodka martini.
So I have to admit, I'm a little biased when it comes to this Zea location.  This is the first place I ate (straight off the plane) in New Orleans when I came for an interview.  I didn't know then I'd fall in love with New Orleans and never want to leave! The St. Charles Zea will always have a place in my heart.In-house red amber ale was excellent. Grilled chicken sandwich and buttered sweet potatoe fries were a perfect pairing too. If I ever visit NO again I'll come back.The atmosphere here is very hard to place, the clean feel, mixed with the great food makes zea a great place to have in your side pocket as a date night spot. You could bring all types of different girls here.  Lmao
OR 
If you trying to hang out with your mama and Aunty Shirley, you could bring em here too.
The food options aren't as plentiful as I thought, but what I did have, I enjoyed! 
Great portions which doesn't leave you feeling lethargic, however, not enough for left overs. 
I wasn't feeling too well so is decided to opt out of drinking
Full bar which means all the cocktails and bourbon are available 
One thing I was disappointed about was that there was no bread ... ???This is my second time here. Had to come back for the Thai ribs and duck wings. I tried a couple other things which are good but not amazing like the "Thai ribs". Those are a must and you will not be disappointed. 
Service is great and quick. Drinks were always refilled quickly and in a timely matter.Meh.  I was expecting more.  I normally go based on reviews on Yelp/Trip Advisor and I really rarely listen to the propaganda pieces that cities put out in flyers etc, I like listening to the boots on the ground, reviews from real people.  So I went on the recommendation of people online, and my friend who loves it here, but I was sorely disappointed. 
My meal (pork with broccoli and potatoes) was good, the portion was small, the potatoes were delicious and the pork was sliced way too fine - for the price, I'd expect more.  
My brother asked for a burger, medium-well, it came out raw.  He thought it looked ok so didn't send it back and when he got in to it, it was raw. 
Hubby got the ribs and they weren't much to write home about.  He did love the grits though!
I don't think I'd go back, which is a shame, it was too much money for not a lot of food and not particularly great food at that, disappointing :(Best spinach salad ever!! And the roasted corn grits are amazing.  Good service & reasonable prices. A regular go-to place to eat.GREAT FOOD!  I love everything they have.  Nice atmosphere and great service.  
We've been to Zea on St. Charles at least a dozen times and are never disappointed.I cannot rave about this place enough. We tried it because it was really close to our hotel and they recommended it . I'm sure they get a kick back or something but who cares. It was so good we ate there two more times during our trip. We didn't even want to try other places it was so good. We aren't from the south so we asked a lot of questions. The server was very patient and kind. The cost was a little pricey but so worth it. Great atmosphere, food and staff. Can't wait to go back!Lord, why did I get the thai glazed ribs here! Now, I fiend for them constantly. Sadly, my residence in New Jersey prevents me from getting them as much as I want to. Anyway, this is the place to go for a sizable, delicious meal. More pricey than a lot of other options around town but not anything crazy. Also, it's quite worth it. The grits side here is also amazing.I've been several times and everything I've tried has been better than average.  Two stars because they cannot control the customers. Go in after 7pm and you will need a megaphone to hear over the wild animals that sing at the top of their lungs,dance in the isle, and suck their gold teeth so loud that you can't hear yourself think. If you want to try this restaurant, go @ lunch.I had a Mediterranean Chicken with hummus and it was delicious! After being in NOLA for the past few days, it was so nice and refreshing to eat something that wasn't friend or super seasoned. Don't get me wrong, NOLA food is to die for, just needed a break, and it was a great one! 
My boyfriend had the Thai Ribs with sweet mash and "dirty rice", all of it was very good. Very attentive and pleasant staff.One of the best places I have EVER eaten. The food was INCREDIBLE. I had a pork dish with corn grits and a vegetable side dish (not sure which one) - ALL WERE INSANELY delicious. I was with a group of 10 and we each passed around each different dish we got - each was better than the next. Alligator bites? Yes, please. Ribs? Fingerlicking good. I also got the Bloody Mary - it definitely is salty/zesty but SO, so good. I was so impressed with this place, including the decor and the feel. For a place this nice, I would expect it to be EVEN MORE expensive than it actually is. Just go for it - this place is worth it.Great lunch experiance Mediteranian hummus, Ahi Tuna Salid, and Fish Tacos were all flavorful. Enjoyed our early lunch.Ordered the Rotisserie salad for the first time. It was very meaty. It comes with chicken & pork, romaine, radicchio, Jack cheese, bacon and your choice of dressing. I chose the pepper jelly vinaigrette which was so good. 
I have eaten a several different Zea's and I find their food to be consistently of good quality. I like their thai ribs, duck empanadas and corn grits as well. Prices are about $10 - 25 per entree.We're in NOLA and we didn't get Southern Food? 
On our last night in New Orleans, we found this place for dinner. It was the night of the Super Bowl so we found a restaurant with only two other guests in the dining area and just a handful at the bar. In other words, we had a restaurant to ourselves. Having a restaurant to yourself doesn't guarantee great service, but we got it anyway. Good start so far. Zea Rotisserie and Grill is great option for those looking to take a break from Po' Boys, Jambalaya's, and fried food.  What you'll find is a restaurant chain that serves seafood, sandwiches, Asian based BBQ, grilled food, and of course, rotisserie.  I can almost compare Zea to a Cheesecake Factory, but with a better food presentation and a dining experience that mimics fine dining.   
-Garlic Hummus pita: This was our appetizer for the evening. I haven't had garlic based hummus before and pleased that I did. You still get the texture and taste of what you expect with hummus, but with an added buttery garlic taste to it. There's more hummus than there is pita and they are willing to hook up extra pita if needed.  (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Ov8JM-bcpHBtL30bGfPkKw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)
-1/2 Chicken & 1/2 BBQ Ribs Plate: This meal is big enough to serve 2, maybe even 3. The ribs are glazed with BBQ sauce and the meat is "fall off the bone" and "melt in your mouth".  As for their chicken, you get a seasoned and prepared rotisserie chicken.  Taste of their chicken rivals some of the top notch fine dining restaurants out there. Trust me.  (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=QN7x6WC505-ZoDT4ptVHig&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)
Overall, I have to say that I'm a fan. If I'm ever back out here, I'm sure that my meals will be centered around the foods that I can't get in California or Las Vegas. But if I'm looking for something good, more traditional, and just want a change of pace from NOLA's Southern type dishes, Zea Rotisserie is on my list.
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (034/366)Hush puppies were awesome... sweet with a great crunch and tender moist inside.  The grilled corn as a side dish was so favorful.  The hummus and pita appetizer was the best I've had in a long time.  The catfish portions were huge.  It may just be me, but I thought my drum fish étouffée was a bit black peppery.  I would expect a little variation in the spice used.  Definitely would come back here.Excellent food and excellent service. We ended up sitting at the bar because the wait was long for a table, and our experience was terrific! I ordered the Mediterranean chicken & my friends both ordered the chicken panini. No complaints at all!The food here was EXCELLENT! The menu was even accommodating to my grandmother's dietary restrictions (she can't eat food prepared with salt). 
Waitstaff was very nice, and the place was clean.
The grits are a must try!!Zea's was my first introduction to NOLA cusine, I had the ribs and as a New Yorker, I'm already eating with a handicap. We have great restaurants at home but nothing beats eating cuisine in the area that it is famous for.  I had the ribs dry, out of curiosity and I was not to be disappointed.  It was so flavorful and tender it proved you don't need to have your meat drenched in sauce for it to taste good.  NOW, I'm well aware of the rivalry going on between dry ribs lovers and those who like it with sauce, after experiencing it dry I would have to say I'm good either way comes down to flavor.  The atmosphere was great, and for a big restaurant, not too loud.  Granted I went there for lunch so not sure about the dinner crowd.  Service was a bit slow  but other than that the meal was great.  Good sized portions and it was yummy.  
On a side note, their catfish was nice and flaky and not fatty at all and batter was not overwhelming just nice and crunchy.  Seems catfish in the LU is is not what I have come to know in NY. Still not a convert but will be more open to it in future.So I've been to their Clearview location and love it but I was meeting friends downtown and decided to stop here.  We got there and were told there was a 50 minuite wait, which is fine if there weren't at least three tables that were empty and waiting to be bussed.   We got our table in around 40 minutes, and our waiter was very nice but strangely enough the seasoning on our food just seemed off.  It seemed like my ribs were not seasoned very well, but my wife's pasta was so heavly seasoned that she couldn't finish it.  The grits were reliable as always so that got them up to the second star.The hotel I am staying in recommended this place.  It was great.  The menu is extensive and varied and I was undecided so I asked the server what were their most popular items. The bartender/server (I was seated in the bar-fine with me) suggested the Thai ribs with Asian beans.  I added the red beans and rice. The ribs were moist and tender with a dry rub and a sweet/soy/chili sauce, green onions, and sesame seeds.  The beans had a similar sauce.  It was all delicious.  The server (Taz) was friendly, helpful, and attentive.  I would definitely visit again and try something different.I had the ribs and corn grits at a fundraiser Zea sponsored before and gained an extra ten pounds eating the ribs alone. The corn grits are good but not great. Today I tried them again and the ribs were great with delicious broccoli and sweet potatoes. I'm a big fan of duck and will try their version next time. Zea's is not just about chicken. Tip: much cheaper and bigger portions if you take out rather than eating in.Big portions and good food. Roasted corn grits and BBQ chicken - yumWhile walking to Voodo's we were drawn in by the smell at Zea's. We should have kept going.
The food was ok, nothing spectacular.  Dinner came quick. The waiter took 25 minutes to give us our desert and check. Once he finally did get back to the table he took my husbands debit card and disappeared for another 10 minutes until my husband finally hunted him down near the kitchen and just gave him the cash.
Quick to get us seated, food was ok, waiter was pokey (slow). We will not be returning.Dined here in March and forgot to write the review. I was quite pleased by how well lit the space was. I've dined in a number of dimly lit restaurants in Louisiana. Lighting impacts our mood and I don't much care for dark restaurants during the day. Zea Grill New Orleans is popular. Call ahead or be prepared to wait. Great lunch spot for large parties!! Good food and service. Everyone seemed pleased with their meal.  I enjoyed the Sriracha Hummus, roasted corn grits and Pesto Redfish/Trout I don't remember which. It isn't on the current menu online. I do recall that it was delicious! While I was not so crazy about the thai snap peas. I would go again.Positively impressed. Food very good  had shrimp and pasta with side order of grits. Bread pudding was one of the best Covington beer just ok. Would recommend to any one.This used to be my favorite "chain" restaurant in the city and I still love their corn grits, and would go back any day and just eat those.
Unfortunately, I am sorry to report that the last two times I ate here I got sick.  Yes, SICK.  Both times I ordered the trout Lafite (my favorite).  I thought the first time was a fluke and I was just coming down with something, but when I returned about 6 months later and ate the same thing, once again, I got sick.  It was terrible.
I have never had this issue at the Westbank or Elmwood locations, just this one.  It's sad, because I like supporting uptown businesses, but I will never go to this Zea's again.Very average all around.  2 margaritas took a bit long for a nearly empty restaurant. Food was mediocre.  Very boring aesthetics and music was awful. Probably will never be back.The food was great, and the portions generous. I had the smoked trout with pesto, and the variety of 'Mediterranean' ors d'oeuvres were very good and diverse. I also had a chance to try a ginger mojito here (nice; the flavors really compliment each other). It was a great find in New Orleans, where there is great food to be had, but also many places that just serve the typical over-fried fatty fare. Solid.Had the ribs for an appetizer and the crispy duck as an entree with the corn and potatoes. Both were excellent. Atmosphere was nice and service was quick and responsive. Plan to eat here again soon.Went here for lunch with a vender.  I got the grilled trout on the Z light menu.  I usually get the pesto trout, but it wasn't on the light.  Broccoli and corn grits.  It was so good.  I actually like the grilled trout better than the pesto.  Great service.  Will be back.Terrible service . Spent 100 plus and got nothing but excuses.  Move onYum! Always a good experience at this location. I think it's my favorite out of all the locations around here. 
I recently went with some friends here for weekday lunch. We had a nice table by the front window overlooking St. Charles. The service was friendly and knowledgeable. 
I had the Almond Chicken Salad. It was a huge plate of food! Seemed like enough for 2-3 meals. Two of my friends ordered the Fried Chicken with Red Beans, which was excellent. Our fourth friend got the Honey Island Chicken Sandwich. It looked huge! 
I haven't been disappointed yet with anything I've ordered from here. I look forward to going back soon.Went there for lunch had the had the coconut shrimp appetizer, Thai BBQ ribs very tasty. Service was quick and friendly. Nothing spectacular. Nothing that stands out as exceptional.Food: After looking through the pretty extensive menu, I ended up ordering their special, the braised provimi veal with natural au jus. For the sides I got the roasted potatoes and the red beans & rice. I hate to admit it, but the veal was really good. My vegetarian and vegan friends always give me a hard time when they find out that I've eaten veal. Anyways I wasn't expecting to eat such good veal in New Orleans. I had to avoid the usual seafood that people eat in NOLA as I had a marathon to run in the morning. Along with the meal I had a Pontchartrain Porter. Nice beer.
Service: Service was excellent. My waiter was very friendly and helpful. He even recommended an excellent nearby bar that served the kind of beers that I liked.
Location: Very easy and convenient location to get to if you're staying in the Garden District. It's located on the north side of the famous St. Charles Avenue. This place had a nice ambiance. It almost felt formal enough that you could show up in your nice Sunday clothes without sticking out like a sore thumb.Zea's serves good food at a reasonable price. The atmosphere is nice, and the waitstaff is attentive. For dinner I usually order seafood here, as their trout dishes are very tasty, but they do nice lunch specials as well. I enjoyed the Sedona chicken panini in particular. Downside is that it's a la carte. I'd prefer that at least one side be included with a lunch special. Still, it's a good place to have in the rotation of New Orleans places to eat, and their own brewed beers are good-- try the Category 5 Pale Ale.One of the best, most delicious experiences of my life.  It was our(my friends and I) first trip to New Orleans, and we were recommended this place by the doorman at our hotel.  The fried shrimp was practically orgasmic, and the Thai ribs were fantastic!  Not to mention the chicken panini!  And the waitress was the coolest, nicest, most helpful person EVER. She told us great places to check out, even gave us directions.  She replaced the one thing we didn't like(a pomegranate martini) with an absolutely fantastic substitute, which tasted like a sunset.  Everything was great, though it's a little dark in there.Good food. Good service. The sides were the standouts of our meal. Do not pass up the grits, they are rich and delicious! The dirty rice was one of the better ones we've had. Overall this place was a hit!This restaurant is another one of my favorites. Originating in River Ridge/Elmwood in a small house, the dishes I've ordered here have never failed to disappoint. Be sure to order the Thai Rib Stack, Duck Empanadas, Corn Grits, and Stewed Cabbage, to name a few. Daily specials are fabulous and they even have their own beer brew collection. The only disappointment I've ever had was with the baked chicken, it could have been much less dry. Ambience is great as it is also located on St Charles Avenue. Party rooms are located throughout the second floor. Valet Parking is a plus and self parking located in the rear.The best thing I had was my cocktail (pomegranate cosmopolitian) and the spinach salad with pepper jelly vinagrette. I sat at the bar and Randy, our server, was very kind to change the channel to RHOA. I don't know if I would order actual food there, but the salad would definietly be orderd againI heard that this Zea's will be closing at the end of this month. After our experience here, I'm not surprised. 
I guess the servers also knew that they'd be out of a job at the end of this month because every staff person I encountered had a huge chip on their shoulders. 
No greeting. Just a "What do you want?" Then huffed and puffed when we needed more time to decide which of their delicious items we wanted. 
We finally settled on the Asian almond shrimp while shrimp and grits and Thai ribs were our entree. Food was as it has always been. Great flavors but smaller and smaller portions each time they raise their prices. Also the ribs have so much fat, you end up trying to eat the meat around it. Totally not worth $16.50 for 1/2 rack of ribs. I would have ordered the duck if it wasn't $22.50. It's a great dish- but not worth almost $30 when everything is said and done. 
Additionally, everything was hard to stomach when EVERY staff member had a sour look on their faces and made it very obvious they wanted to be anywhere but there. Food runners slamming food onto the table to servers who disappeared the entire time you ate. Forget about drinks being refilled. We just wanted our checks so we could get out of there!
So good riddance Zea's on St. Charles if this is your ambiance and customer service now.There were not many restaurants in the area that would accommodate a table of 15 and Zea's made our experience extra special. That food was EXCELLENT! Anthony was our server and he was the BEST! Not one thing was misordered and the service was perfect. We didn't realize how good we had it until we went to a few other restaurants during our visit and had the worst service and food quality. Would def. recommend!!Love this place. It's been one of my favorites for years. It's a chain, but it's a local chain and the food is divine. The roasted corn grits are amazing. The daily lunch specials are a very good deal. The Pontchartrain Porter, one of their own beers, is one of my all time favorite beers.Duck empanada and thai ribs appetizers were awesome. Great food, my family love everything that we order, bbq ribs, shrimp creole, rotisserie chicken, gumbo and red beans and rice.Great BBQ, wonderful happy staff and reasonable prices. Just walk from cable car.I don't know what is the big deal about Zea! Maybe I haven't tried enough meals there or I am just spoiled by all the amazing food in this city. 
I have a weird vibe from places like Zea's: big chain restaurant, low lighting, wide, and plenty of booths lets me know that I am about to eat a pretty average steak meal.
Well I was right once again, the food was just not impressive to me, it's not bad i just wouldn't go out of my way to get a table there. At least they have very nice and funny waiters.My oh my! Where to start? The charming waitress?The patient hostess who answered all of our questioned or the confident manager that checked on us halfway through the meal? Service was great!
The food excellent crab cakes, sweet potatoes, and Thai snap peas were great. According to my family the ribs and cabbage was superb. 
I am all about this life!I had the Crispy Duck and it was delicious. We shared the hummus and it was great. The tomato basil soup was very good. It was a little pricey but the food and service is great. I went with good friends and that made it all the better.This was my wife and I first stop for dinner in New Orleans and it started a great week of eating.  The service was phenomenal and the food was outstanding.  My wife had the shrimp and grits and they were delicious.  I had the fish tacos and they were good but not on the same level as my wife's dish.  The only thing we didn't love was the bread pudding but that was more due to the fact it's not our type of desert than the execution.I fell in love with their Almond Shrimp for years and it never seems to dissatisfy me. My date and I ate the Almond Shrimp for appetizer and for entree i had the thai ribs with a side of potatoes and corn grits. To be honest, the corn grits is the only reason why i would go to zea because it is DELICIOUS :) On the other hand, my date had the burger and the bun was over cook which kind of made him sad since he really love burgers. Also, the service was a bit slow. Other than that, it was an ok experience. We would probably give it another try some other time.Let me start by saying, when I go to a fancier restaurant like Zea I want to be Wow'ed. The restaurant itself is very nice. The hostess was friendly and professional. But everything went down hill from there. My server Dustin was inconsistent and seemed scattered. He didn't mention that there was no Tuna Steak which my friend wanted to order. 
We decided on Oyster and Artichoke Bisque and Corn Bisque to start. Both were very think and the Oyster Bisque almost had a congealed texture to it. The Corn Bisque had a great taste. For our Main Course I had the glazed salmon with broccoli and potatoes, and my friend had the wet ribs with braised cabbage and broccoli. My salmon was fine but not great. The broccoli was pretty tasteless (even though it was soaked in butter) and the potatoes were wonderful. When I asked how the ribs were all I got was Meh. They lacked in both flavor and character. With high hopes for the cabbage, it was really disappointing to have it be pretty tasteless. 
When a meal for two people is upwards of $70, I have certain expectations. Zea failed to even come close to meeting them. This is not a place I will be back to.Service was great.  Recommended by my inn.  Food was tasty. I'd go back.  Seemed like a great family place.This place was suggested by someone that works at the hotel we were staying at. After a hot and sweaty walk a couple of blocks up the street we made it to Zea's and were promptly seated. My girls and I were starving and thirsty so we wasted no time ordering drinks and food. The ambiance was nice nothing spectacular but a step up from your typical chain restaurant. 
I started with a strawberry lemonade and we ordered the chips and guac to share. The guacamole was super tasty with bits of red onion and cilantro mixed in but the avocados were a bit hard and not mashed all the way. For my entree I ordered the lunch sized portion of fried catfish, red beans and rice and their sugar snap beans with the Zea sauce. The catfish was well seasoned and crunchy and the red beans and rice were great as well. The sugar snap peas were a major miss...I expected a spicy and sweet sauce to compliment the peas but the sauce had a strange consistency and was bit watered down. 
Other than that our meal was satisfying and the service was great, if I lived in New Orleans I would def. give it another try!I loved Zea.  This past weekend I traveled to New Orleans for an extended romantic weekend.  I was recommended to come to Zea from the owner of the B&B we stayed at.  Upon our arrival we were greeted with friendly staff.  I was highly impressed that the menu had a fantastic selection or food.  I was more impressed with the prices.  I had the half rack of wet Thai stylist ribs for only $14.  When the ribs came out I wa impressed with how big they were.  They looked like a full rack to me.  The meat was very tender and the food was filled with flavor.  
Now, I'm from  Texas & we are big on our BBQ.  I was impressed.  The food was great and extremely affordable.  My plate would have been double the price easily back at home.  I definitely got my moneys with & will stop by the next time I'm back in town.  The dirty rice was so de-lish that I wanted to place a big order to take home with me.  The closest we have to dirt rice is Pop Eyes.   I'm embarrassed to say that we ate every bite & did not have left overs to take home.  The staff was super friendly and the restaurant was clean & beautiful.  I loved how you could see the kitchen though the glass window.  Very classy appeal.   5 Stars to you Zea!I love Zea's. Friendly Staff and nice atmosphere.  Can't forget about the great food! I absolutely adore their Salmon!!! trust me I'm a Salmon Connoisseur.  Check it out and while you're at it have a mojito!
One of the best things about this place is Parking! It's on St. Charles and has a lot, which is greatness in my opinion!Had a wonderful meal tonight. Used Yelp to find this place. Great choice. Our server, Patrick, was delightful. You really must try the Mediterranean Hummus.Love this place...its exactly what you want, when you want it. I would go here over and over. 
The garlic and herb roasted chicken in perfect. The corn grits are a guilty pleasure....so good.I have to give major props to this Zea's location because they did a stellar job with our  birthday celebration with a group of TWENTY FIVE guests.  They adapted without scoffing when a few of us changed our seats post-order and were extremely attentive overall.  
Nice ambiance, very strong drinks (yay!).  I got their bronzed trout which was absolutely delicious.  Took the recommendation of getting the corn grits and was not disappointed.  
What I especially like about this location is the off street parking and the security guard at night!If it is the only place to eat....but its New Orleans. Soup special came out cool and crusty on the top. Fried catfish lacked flavor. I was hungry and needed a place walking distance from where I was staying.
Beer was good.I wavered on my rating because there were both good parts and bad parts to my experience at Zea.  I came in with a group of eight from my office for lunch because we had a small celebration in regards to work.  
Zea did not take reservations but they weren't overly busy so it seemed like there was plenty of space for us.  There was a lot of confusion over seating though since the space they gave us initially couldn't fit all of us and then they awkwardly put some tables together.  We saw a long table for eight nearby so we thought we could sit there but the table was reserved for another group who hadn't shown up yet?  And we thought they didn't take reservations?  
We finally got the seating down and ordered.  Service was overall really good and the appetizers were so yummy!  We ordered the roasted garlic hummus, the Asian almond shrimp, and the spinach dip!  The hummus was scrumptious and the pita that came with it was lightly toasted.  The sauce for the shrimp was so good and went so well with the crispy outside.
I ordered the shrimp etouffee and it was okay.  I tend to order etouffee a lot since I like to compare how it is from restaurant to restaurant and it's one of my favorite dishes.  I think I prefer crawfish with my etouffee rather than shrimp which isn't the restaurant's fault since I'm the one who ordered it.  But overall the etouffee wasn't memorable.  
Despite the seating issues and the mediocre etouffee, the experience was decent and I would come back to give it another chance.  I really liked the decor and the service was really good.The food is the same as the other Zea's, which ranges from passable (Red Beans, etoufee) to quite good (corn grits, salads, burgers, ribs). The atmosphere, however, at the St. Charles location is very strange and uncomfortable. It has all the charm of an airport restaurant - they really should do something about it. The  elevator music does not help.
Edit: I'm revising this review because I feel they've changed for the worse.  Everything on the menu is sickly sweet to the point of being nauseating.  You can't leave here without you r hands being sticky. Gross.During a short stay in the city we had two outstanding meals here with friendly and efficient service and affordable prices. There wasn't a weak sister in all the things we tried so order with confidence. The grits were truly amazing.I really enjoy all of the choices that Zea's has to offer, and there is something for everyone there. All of the appetizers are really good. I was never a big fan of hummus, but after trying it here, I was pleasantly surprised how good it is! They have huge portions which are delicious and the sides you can choose from are endless. I loved the Thai snapbeens!! 
I would surely recommend this place for any occasion!!My family was in New Orleans unexpectedly during Jazzfest for a family Memorial Service. We stayed just down the street from Zea, and happily they could squeeze in six of us. I had Trout Lafitte (spicy sauce with shrimp) and good ol' Southern sides of Collard Greens and Corn Grits. A couple of folks had the Balsamic Salmon. Everyone thought the food was good. It is a mix of Southern and Asian fusion, with lots of seafood. My Dad said the wine prices were good (he likes to buy bottles). They have a number of choices by the glass, plus microbrew beer. We were very happy here.Loved this place.  Great vibe, and incredibly friendly staff.  Our waitress gave us some great tips on other places to check out that weren't on Bourbon street, since we wanted a bit more local flair on our trip to NOLA.
Started with the spinach artichoke dip as suggested by our waitress, and it was amazing.  Fresh, warm chips, and a creamy dip with huge chunks of artichoke, and actual leaf spinach (not frozen junk) throughout.
I had the fried catfish with corn grits and red beans and rice, and the wife had a massive, awesome rotisserie chicken pannini.  The catfish was lightly breaded, and the accompanying hush puppy was to die for.  The RB&R and grits were also outstanding.  
Our waitress (ONeal?) was great at her job, and when I mentioned my love for sweet tea, and lamented the lack of it in our local Denver, she was more than happy to keep me topped off, and offered a to-go glass when we left to make sure I'd gotten enough tea.  Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area.Totally did not know what to expect when I first got to New Orleans. Desperate to try to find a place to grub and ended up here. To my surprise everyone was so nice at the restaurant. They do say its that southern hospitality. 
Grilled trout with sweet potato and corn grits:
This fish was Delicious!! very flavorful and cooked to perfection. The meat wasn't too tough and soft enough to my likely. 
The sweet potato was also on point. Equal amount of sweet, salt and mash. 
Usually the grits I've had don't have much flavor but these corn grits where mmm mm  good!!
Sweet Tea: it was decent, just maybe a little too sweet.
I highly recommend this place to try and promise you don't be disappointed.I only put the one because prior to this visit, I loved this place. As I sit here and wait and wait and wait for my drink and food, I decided to write this review. I am not sure if it is because they are claiming and customer service is no longer a priority or if the only remaining people are just rude and untrained. I called 6 times prior to my arrival and the individual who was in charge of answering the phones kept picking up and hanging up. Upon arrival I asked for the manager and Josiah (maybe spelled incorrectly) eventually came to the table. I informed him of the phone incident, he apologized, and said he would look into it. As we still wait for our food, we realized out drinks had not been delivered to the table. We saw Josiah again and he responded with an attitude of being bothered this time but he did bring the drinks to the table after they had sat for a while at the bar. If these people are being moved to other locations: Do better!Nice quiet atmosphere.  Could be dressy or casual.  Had the pork roast from the daily specials, hubby had ribs.  Both were  tender and delish.  Sat in the bar and had great service (can't believe everything you read happens every night).I went here with friends for a Sunday lunch, and I wasn't sure what to expect.
After reading the reviews, I went for the Half Rack of Thai ribs with sweet potatoes and roasted corn grits.
The ribs were okay. The sweet potatoes were okay.
The corn grits... There is a world of magical flavor in those corn grits. This could be one of the best side dishes that I have ever had at a chain restaurant.
In summary: try the corn grits.I went to Zea today to meet my dad and brother for lunch. I thoroughly enjoyed our meal.
We started with their Greek hummus and duck empanadas which may be my two favorite appetizers anywhere.
The hummus is loaded with olives, tomatoes, gets and something green. It is incredible.
The duck empanadas are fried and come with a very tasty sweet thick sauce.
For my entree I tried the grilled tuna. Wow, this pier of fish was perfectly seasoned and cooked. It was so flavorful that I didn't even use the basil butter that was on top of the fish. For sides I got zea's roasted potatoes and roasted corn. That corn is the best corn dish anywhere.
This location has a large off street lot behind the restaurant which makes it very convenient. We went at around 11:30 and the restaurant was crowded, but as we left at 12:30, numerous people were waiting for tables.
Our server, Shamika was great. She was dry attentive and friendly and helped make our meal more enjoyable.Amazing. Had the hummus appetizer, and the Casablanca Chicken with loaded hummus. All of it was full of flavor and everything went well together. The waitress was very good and the atmosphere was relaxing. This place just became one of my favorite spots.Sugar snap peas were burnt! 
Customer service sucked!
We made reservations a week ahead for 20 people and there wasn't enough seats for 14 people. They put a round table and long table together which made the seating arrangement weird....... Oh yea and it was literally in the middle of walk way!We had found this place on a list of restaurants near the Plaza and after checking the menu online we decided to check it out.
This was the most hospitable service we have come across in NOLA. The server was super friendly and honest about the menu and suggested some items that were out of this world! They even treated us to dessert due to the fact we are here on our honeymoon and first time to the place (and NOLA).
Try the duck (worth the price) and the sweet potato bread pudding!!Yo. They ran out of rotisserie chicken. Next time you run out of chicken, just close the doors and shut it down. No- I don't want to try your chicken salad. And if you ran out of chicken how food you get some for the salad. Oh- that's a different kind of chicken. Fascinating.