Great little place, diverse menu, everything from shrimp and grits to pecan and goat cheese salad.They make a great breakfast sandwich (never had a pressed croissant before) and their burger was good, if not a little small for New Orleans.  Friendly staff, casual atmosphere, and just blocks from Canal st.Its one of my favorite places to get tacos but their po-boys are awesome too.
I once had their fried-oyster-bacon-LT-poboy with a side of potato salad, and let me tell you its worth running down entire St. Charles Ave for that one! (maybe not i guess)
Anyway, the point is its a pretty decent place to get lunch. The only downside is its pretty busy and often crowded.
Must do: Admire the hot sauce "art" and the respectful quote about vegetarians ;)This place used to be extremely consistent, now they are open when they wish. It's frustrating because there are so little options for a decent quick breakfast in the CBD. The food isn't even consistent! C'mon guys, you had quite a few loyal customers and that's gone. I can't be a fan of an establishment where the food and operating  hours aren't consistant!Great breakfast spot!
The Store is just a very pleasant place to order a low-key breakfast.  The menu is diverse, but not overwhelming.  Service is friendly, and the space is great.
The Benedict over pulled pork was solid.  Coffee was good and strong.
I would definitely return to try other breakfast items or to order sandwiches.I really never right reviews but I feel the world needs to know about this Po Boy! The Shrimp and Greens Po Boy was beyond amazing!This is one of my favorite lunch stops in the Central Business District. First of all, this place is dry. That is, they don't serve the lushes, wet lips, or alkies. No alcohol folks, only professionals come here during lunch! 
They have a mixture of healthy salads and veggie plates to choose from. I got the traditional burger with sweet potato fries! YUM! The other burgers to choose from differed by various cheeses they came with.
Make sure you have ample time to wait if you come during lunch- the line can get really long. The wait time is moderate though. You can also call ahead to have your order ready to pick up once you arrive. They can accommodate ~60 people here, so waiting for a table isn't something to worry about. Highly recommended!Y'all. Seriously. This place is the CBD's greatest secret. I've been here countless times and I've yet cover the whole menu. Most of the time, it's because I want the Caprese Sandwich, and since it's a Friday during Lent, that's a win win situation. (You can add bacon for $1.50 more. I recommend it.) I went with a large group for lunch. I was the only one who didn't finish, and that was just because I wanted the other half for second lunch. 
Guys. They have sweet tea. 
The prices are quite reasonable. You order at a counter and they bring the food out to you. The tables are a tad tiny, but who cares. The food won't stay on your plate/basket for very long.Went with a friend for lunch today and I was pleasantly surprised. You wait in line to place order and pay at counter, they bring to your table. I had "The Deal" - it was a cup of soup and a half BLT with avocado with an ice tea. Total bill was about $8.00 food was good, not crazy over the top good but good. We went at lunch (12:15ish) so the place was packed, tables were a little tight but not too bad. I will definately go again.The only thing i tired here during my business trip was the Shrimp & Grits. You don't even know. You have no idea. I can't explain how good this was. Every taste bud was ignited. It was like eating a piece of art.Went here for lunch. I got the 1/2 soup and 1/2 sandwich deal which came up to be 10.00 even. (They overcharged my cc 4.00 but has resolved the issue) ...I got the BLTA and cup of gumbo. Gumbo was good- thick and dark. My sandwich was decent. Very odd in that the bacon was crumbled and mixed into the avocado, then spread onto the bread.I've passed this place for months, curious about what it's like inside and more importantly, how is the food because it always seems to be a bubbling business when they are open. The patrons are mostly people from nearby businesses stuffing their faces during lunch break, sometimes places like that are to be taken with a grain of salt because you can't always trust the lunch break crowd. I quickly learned that this place is deserving of some respect.
I waltzed in around 1 o'clock,  just after lunch hour, the place was moderately occupied. I quickly spot where to order, noted. Nab a menu for a once-over and spotted my decision in what they call "The Deal" which is Half sandwich (BLTA or Classic), a bowl of soup of your choice, and a cup of tea or fountain drink all for a steal of a deal at $8.75! 
I went with the BLTA (Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, Avocado) and tomato basil soup. BLT's, you'd have to be a complete knob to mess that up.  What really shined was the tomato basil soup. I friggin love a good T.B. and it's awesome to know that here has it whenever I want. I use to only get Zea's tomato basil which is also good, but they only serve it on certain days. The Store's is just as good, if not better than Zea's, and for the price?! Fugghedabouddit. 
Glad I checked this one off the list, certainly a place I'll frequent.I'd feel better about giving this place a solid 4 if the prices or the food were just a little more impressive.  The Store tries to play with and modernize the traditional New Orleans lunchtime diner experience, right down to the daily specials, including red beans and rice Mondays.  But the whole experience isn't quite quaint, and the menu falls somewhere between creativity and straight up sacrilege with dishes like "Shrimp 'n' Slaw Po-Boy".
Maybe for that reason I like to stick with the modern menu additions, and there they have plenty of variety... lots of salads and even a veggie sandwich or two.  The veggie pocket, for one, was pleasant ( if forgettable).
Here's the thing about The Store: if I wanted an overpriced but quality salad I'd go to Welty's, and if I wanted a po-boy or RB&R I'd go to P&G's.  But if you're looking to meet in the middle, The Store could be a solid compromise.Shrimp and grits--awesome. Cheddar burger--heavenly. Nice people. Fun old-school burger-joint atmosphere.If you work downtown, this is a great little sandwich and salad shop.  I go here about once a week.
The dishes tend to be on the eclectic side, and are generally delicious and lite.  You will often be somewhat surprised (pleasantly) about things you order.  The Reuben is not a classic Reuben, but it is delicious, for example.  The Cobb salad has a tangy vinagrette and turkey instead of chicken, so it's not the most "classic" but it is unique!
GREAT FOR VEGETARIANS.  A lot of "salad" places build salads around meat; this place does not.
Breakfast - the Eggs Gravier is one of my all-time favorites.  I would make a special trip for that one.
CONs
Sometimes the fare can be a bit TOO lite to get you through the day.
The "eclectic" sometimes causes too many clashing flavors, so though you can get a real winner meal here, you can order a loser.Great to walk across the street from the Hilton Garden Inn and get real food that has amazing taste!  These guys do food right!Solid no frills lunch spot. The sourdough bread pressed is delicious! Quick and friendly service, would come again to try other things on the menuI adore The Store for the occasional business lunch.  I give kudos to their fresh salads, tasty sandwiches, and delicious soups.  Their salad dressings are made in house and give them a unique step above the competition.  Their friendly staff and attention to detail has made them my top healthy choice for a downtown New Orleans lunch.  Be aware, if you arrive at noon, it may be difficult to find a table.
If you happen to head there for breakfast, I highly recommend the egg and cheese bagel.Very mediocre at best.  Two eggs fried, razor thin bacon, two pieces burnt (always amazed how burnt food makes it out of the kitchen) and ok grits.  Full disclosure, I'm not a grit fan so on that I can be dead wrong....Either way. 
Not even on par with a so-so diner.While having breakfast at a cafe this morning, one of the locals recommended we go to The Store for lunch. Hands down one of the best recommendations I've ever received. The sandwiches here were stellar. The service was fast and friendly, and the ambience was casual and fun.
My friend and I split a shrimp and collard greens po boy (specifically recommended by the local) and a pulled pork sandwich. Both were incredible. Lots of flavor and quality ingredients, the po boy was unlike any I'd had before. The pulled pork was juicy and spicy, with a little mayo for smoothness, pickle for crunch and tang, and delicious BBQ sauce to top it all off.
Some of our friends got the Mac and cheese as a side, and said it was some of the best they'd ever had. Another had the Brie and bacon burger, which they devoured.
We all agreed we'd be going back for lunch tomorrow, and it'll be on my list for the next tin I visit NOLA.I really like this place. We go often for a quick lunch. Great burgers and good fries. My favorite is the shrimp and greens poboy. The only complaint is that after eating it, I feel like I need to take a nap under my desk.I came here twice in two days and was not disappointed. Located directly across from my hotel, it provided a convenient and tasty breakfast. 
The first day, my eyes were definitely bigger than my stomach; I ordered a bag of beignets AND a bacon, egg & cheese on a grilled croissant. Delicious, but too much. Do keep in mind that beignets can take some time to prepare, so be patient!
The next day, I was able to spend more time on breakfast. So I ordered up another bag of beignets, a fruit salad, and a coffee to enjoy at the bar. The beignets were just as lovely as before and the fruit salad was better than most fruit salads I've had. 
The service is very friendly, though the breakfast atmosphere is a little strange. I suspect it must be more of a lunch place, because the space seems to large for breakfast. I suspect it probably works well with a little more hustle & bustle.I just had a shrimp po boy with cole slaw.  It was not just good, it was absolutely defreekenlicious.  The seasoning was perfect and the portion was plentiful.  I can't wait to try the oyster po boy.I guess what can be said is that there's nothing wrong with this place and the area needs stuff just like this.  This is a good business lunch spot if you want to do something quick and informal.  So frustrating other than Terrazu and here everything takes too long for a business lunch around the CBD even if there are some good restaurants.  
They've got a pretty nice menu with a wide variety of sandwiches for lunch.  I got the pulled pork and some Zapp's.  Pretty generic lunch, but the pulled pork sandwich was actually very flavorful.  It was a bit small, but good.  And I'm always better off eating enough to not be sated but not completely full at that time of day, so no complaints.  
So...food is basic, but for the CBD it's a good option if you are closeby.  Haven't been for breakfast but the breakfast options in that neck of the woods are better.Was so good yesterday we had to come back for lunch again today. My friend and I split the Sloppyman, the pork and gravy po boy, and Mac and cheese. They were all fantastic. The Sloppyman was my least favorite, because the sauce was a little sweet and the sweet potato fries on top were a bit much sweetness (I'm a fan of the savory)--still quite good, though. The po boy, though, was very good: juicy pork, flavorful gravy, and a little touch of mayo and some pickles to round out the flavors and textures. The star of the show, however, was he Mac. Probably the best Mac I've ever had. Salty without being too salty, cheesy with real cheese, and the top baked just a bit crispy.As of the end of September 2011, they're no longer serving breakfast. We had a good lunch with great lattes. I had the Cabrese sandwich which was one of their only vegetarian choices and my husband had red beans and rice with sausages and cornbread. Both were really good, although the beans were tepid at best. The sweet potato fries (recommended by others here) were the best part of the meal--just delicious.The absolute best shrimp and grits I've ever had! Just look at my photo. Tender shrimp. Creamy grits. Flavorful broth. What else could you ask for???Was recommended to try The Store (and also Rueben's) by a friend. We just had lunch at The Store and oh my, the food was fresh and delicious.  It was the BEST burger we've had since living in NOLA for the past 18 months, and that beats Port of Call and The Burger Company amongst others.  I had three tacos with today's recommendations including blackened shrimp with corn and salsa, carnitas pork with slaw and avocado, chicken with black bean and tasso.  All were very fresh and tasty. Oh, and the sweet potato fries were the best we have EVER eaten - hot, crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside. Can't wait to go back and also to bring some of our friends next time.This is a great place for lunch! I had the shrimp and greens (collard)  po' boy,  with a side of red beans and rice. Oh... My... God the po' boy was so good, tender shrimp, tasty greens and the bread were perfect. The red beans and rice were nice and smooth, just needed a little more heat. My wife got the shrimp and grits and said it was terrific. I tried a bite,  she only gave me one,  and it was definitely the best I've had.  My daughter played it safe and got a turkey po' boy (dressed), I got a bite of that too, but just one. A bag of beginets for dessert rounded it out.  Service was nice, and quick (it was almost closing time)... Nice comfy little place I would definitely recommend.The shrimp and greens on French is the only thing I order. It's savory flavors will have you coming back for more. The only reason I have it 3 stars is due to the lack of shrimps; I like my Poboys stuffedGo for lunch, but not at noon wait until one then you have all the time and space you want. The salads are great. I really enjoyed the shrimp and avocado. The peanut dressing and the crisp wonton noodles are awesome. Gumbo is quite good as well. Solid lunch spot, just go later to miss the crowd.So let me start out by saying that I have only been to this place at lunch and because I am a man with cravings tend to get the same thing when I go to The Store.  With this in mind, I am pretty sure that if everything else is as good as the sandwich I usually get, then this place is doing great!  I would recommend the "Reuben" sandwich.  Let me tell ya, this is not your ordinary Reuben!  It consists of slow roasted short rib that is shredded and topped with delicious and melty gruyere and savory saurkraut (sp?) .  This in and of itself would be awesome but then they go the extra mile and press that sucker until the bread is nice and crunch on the outside and warm and chewy on the inside.  Great service, good location for those of us who work in the CBD (although I would recommend it for anyone!), and the lines are never too long.  Go to this place! (P.S.  the sweet potato fries are awesome... chewy, a little crispy, a little salty and a little sweet!)  If I could describe this place in one word it would be 'craveable'.Tried the breakfast croissant sandwiches. After they were pressed in the panini machine they were verge of burnt and hard to chew.I'll be quick. The food taste good, the service wasn't the best, but good enough for the price.
Didn't have to wait more than 7 minutes.
The rest of it was just okay.
Good place for a quick lunch.The Store, I hesitate to write a review, for fear more people will go here for lunch.  It's busy enough.
Stuff I like:
Potato Soup.  They have it every day, although I'm sure it's not healthy, so I can't have it every day.  On a scale of 1-10 Soup Score, it gets a 7.  That's good for a sauceaholic (soup = sauce that is a socially acceptable meal).
Sweet Potato Fries.  Tell them you want a side of Creole mustard.  Most of the time awesome!  The other day, super soggy.  But I'll give them a pass.
Taco Bar: Specifically the shrimp tacos.  I don't even really like shrimp.  But I find myself dreaming of those perfectly seasoned little critters every morning around 10am.  
They've stopped serving breakfast and it looks like they've increased their prices slightly.  Get there early for lunch, lest you wait in line.This is my go to for lunch (I work in the CBD). The po boys, salads, and beignets are all very tasty! My colleagues said their grits are also very good but I haven't tried it yet. Don't think one could go wrong with anything on the menu, but my personal favs are shrimp and slaw po boys, the candied pecans and goat cheese salad, and the Asian salad.Wow,  this was the best po' boy.  I had the shrimp & spinach.  Great light batter on the shrimp, greens were the perfect toppings with the BBQ sauce.  The flavors were out of this world!  Do not miss this place when you're in NOLAA very good friend brought me here today & CAN I JUST SAY YUM!!!!! another yummy place to go to for lunch in the CBD - we got Veggie Pocket - Toasted pita stuffed with marinated hearts of palm, avocado, fresh shredded carrots, shaved red onion, fresh spinach & sliced tomato,  (OHMANNNNNN sooooooo good!!!!) YUM-O!!!Good place for a quick breakfast. Had a ham, egg and cheese on a croissant and it hit the spot. They put the entire sandwich either on a panini press or on the grill and smash it down.On the Western Fringe outside the French quarter, a happy lunch crowd, void of goofy conventioneers wearing their name tags, mouths agape, giggling like school girls, The store caters to local office worker bees' take-out, and occasional dine-in customers. By 12:30 the hungry office dwellers had formed a line at least 15 deep.
Forgetting I was in The Big Easy, where the average daiquiri has 32 oz, I ordered Shrimp & Grits, with a cup of gumbo, a cup of red beans....SIDE ITEMs?! A "cup" is a unit of measurement in The Store, which the rest of the USA calls a pint. Each side could easily have been a meal...The shrimp and grits must have been a quart sized serving. Four normal humans could have easily been satisfied with my $25 (including tip) expenditure.
So why the missing star?
Service was terrific, but all the food seemed disappointedly under-seasoned. I actually had to pour Crystal Hot Sauce all over Red Beans. I also found small, but potentially lethal chicken bones in the gumbo. 
I missed flavor, but probably exceeded my weekly caloric needs in one sitting!I was here for a work conference.. Great service and amazing food! I had the shrimp and greens po boy.. must try!The Store is a great place to get lunch downtown. I've heard their breakfast is great as well, but I have yet to try it.
Everything I've ever ordered - salads, sandwiches, and burgers - have all been really great, but I especially love their burgers. The ingredients they use are always fresh and they keep their menu interesting. I can understand if some people think it's a little pricey for what you get, but I think the prices are reasonable because the quality of food is a step above most typical sandwich shops around town.
I would agree with some of the other reviews, I'm not a huge fan of the environment here. It's really loud at lunch time so it's not a great place to have a conversation. It also gets really crowded and starts to feel a little cramped during the lunch rush hour. Go around 11:15 and you'll beat the crowd. However, I still think the food outweighs the loud/crowded factor, so go check it out!I work uptown so it's not often that I get down to the CBD for lunch, but a friend from my alma mater was in town for a few days, working in the CBD, and without a car, so we decided to meet near his work. I had read about the Store on a food blog, and I had wanted to try it, so I suggested it and we decided to give it a try.
He had mentioned that the place was packed the other time he wanted to try it, so I suggested that we meet at 11:45 after reading the Yelp reviews. Except I got lost. The GPS on my phone thought that the Store was on the next block and I would have just parked and walked to figure it out, but it was downtown and I didn't want to pay for parking when the Store specified that they have free parking. Once I realized that my GPS was wrong, I tried to find the place by looking at the addresses. I finally found the Store, and they had told me the parking in the garage across the street, but when I stopped and asked a guy if this was the parking for the Store, he told me no, so I ended up circling around again.
For anyone who is driving to this place and wants the free parking, the parking is in the garage for the hotel right across the street. Don't ask someone and drive past it hoping that there would be another garage with signage to help you. Actually pull in and tell them that you would like to park for the Store.
By the time I had arrived, it was 12:15. But lucky me, the line was not too long. There were only 3 people in front of me in line to order. My poor friend was eating by himself. At least he had enough faith in me to wait for me instead of just leaving (I only had his email address and he does not have a smart phone).
I decided on the smoked salmon salad because it had arugula in it. I know some reviewers have said that the portions are small. I'm not sure if that just goes for sandwiches, but my salad was a good size. And my friend had the shrimp and grits, which also was plenty of food.
I would like to go back and try this place without getting lost and I'd like to try the potato soup and other things that y'all mention are delicious.No words... So bad i actually left the plate behind and went accross the street to get something eatable.This place is such a delight! I've gotten catered breakfasts from here for about 30 people. It's always delicious and a huge hit. My friends and I eat lunch here at least 2 or 3 times per month. The gumbo is delicious and the smoked salmon salad is positively addicting! It can be a little intimidating to go in because there is almost always someone giving you a menu and talking through any specials very quickly when you get in line. There's also some sort of taco line that my shy self hasn't had the courage to figure out just yet. Everyone is super nice that works there. 
As a restaurant worker, I tend to avoid places where I have to wait in line to order food, but I don't even think twice about going here. It's divine.This was right around the corner from where I worked and it was amazing for the price, quality and location.
I ordered the fried shrimp and greens po' boy and sweet potato fries.  Although slightly on the greasy side, the greens were a prefect compliment to the fried shrimp and sauce.  Absolutely loved this meal and topped off with beautifully flavored sweet potato fries (eat when hot, gets soggy quickly), going here made my day.
Only con is that it does get extremely busy during main lunch hours.This place has the best food I've found in the CBD! Everytime I've eaten here it has blown me away.My absolute favorite downtown lunch spot.  
Lunchtime can be a madhouse. Avoid that rush by either calling your order in ahead of time and picking it up at the to go line, or get there by 11:45 or after 1:30 to miss the crowd.
It's a great place to meet someone for lunch because you can go lighter or for a bigger meal.  The salads and soups are great. I love the spinach and apple salad, and the gumbo is perfect on cold days.
The sandwiches are top notch and the hamburgers are very filling (my fave: the blue cheese burger). Don't miss the sweet potato fries. 
If you want to avoid the line, you can also just order the tacos from the to go line, even if eating in restaurant.Whether story of him going to country store to hang out with farmers is true ''tis place makes good food.  Sadly out of oysters so got Cubano which went beyond ham and cheese.  Shrimp po boy was huge without being bready.  Nice looking spot and diverse enough menu to please anyone for lunchI ordered the BLTA and Tomato Basil soup. Perfect for a light lunch before heading out to the airport. The BLTA was creamy from the avocado and tomatoes, it was perfectly flavored with a generous amount of crunchy bacon slices! Ambience was modern and loved the old antiques placed throughout the restaurant. Of particular interest was the story of the restaurant's beginning.Having breakfast at the. Store,  Friendly service and the food is really good and fresh.  I had shrimp and grits and my wife had bagel and loaded lox.  Would come here again!I haven't had anything else here other than their pressed BBQ Shrimp & Greens poboy, but it is my favorite po boy of all time.  I need to try other things, but why mess with a good thing.  This will be the best thing you eat in New Orleans if you have just one thing.  My one knock on this place is that they close promptly at 2pm.I love this place. Every time I take someone there, I get "the store? what store?" 
I have only had very good food here. Never even "just okay". Trust me, try it. The plates, the soups, the sandwiches...all extremely good.Went here today for lunch with a friend and had the best shrimp poboy with yummy slaw on it! Great lunch. Fast, friendly and very tasty.Delicious BLTA, though a little ding for charging $7.75 but providing no chips,  fries,  salad,  or even a pickle. Those are DC prices,  which is a bit surprising since everything else I've eaten has seemed to be really good value for money. 
That said,  having no accompaniments encouraged me to try the baked macaroni ($3),  which was comfort food at its best! 
Overall a great lunch,  and I couldn't finish my sandwich,  but for the price,  at least include chips or a pickle! Would definitely come back.We were staying across the street at the Hilton Garden Inn and wanted to go for a quick snack, but didn't want to go far as it was raining steadily.  Through Yelp, we discovered The Store.  It is a deli with a variety of different foods.  We just had a croissant ($2.25) and a brown bag of Baptise Beignets ($2.25).  We sat at sipped our coffee and just talked about  our trip to New Orleans.
The people in New Orleans, including The Store seems genuinely friendly as opposed to pretentious friendly in San Francisco where we live.  When they say good morning or good day, they seem to mean it and they don't appear to put on airs.  
We enjoyed our little snack as we didn't want to fill up since we were meeting our daughters for lunch at the Commander's Palace.  We had a good time in our stay in New Orleans and this little deli kick started our experience.We were looking for a breakfast place in New Orleans and found the Store on Yelp. It was close so decided to give it a try even though most of the reviews were for lunch. It was clean, quick and really good! I had the eggs gravier which were fantastic. Pulled pork that melts in your mouth with spinach on an English muffin with a poached egg and marchaund Du vin sauce. I never would've thought of putting that combo together but it was sure tasy! My husband had the omelette which sounds boring but it was also excellent. It had tomatoes, spinach, bacon and goat cheese. This was a great breakfast spot!It's okay.  Definitely overpriced for what you get, both in quantity and quality.  I ordered the BLT and the potato soup.  BLT was alright but dry and the potato soup tasted like instant mashed potatoes.  My friend's shrimp nicoise did look stupendous though, I will admit that.  
My workplace also orders from here for staff meetings a fair amount and again, not really impressed.  The sandwiches are fine if they're the kind you pay $4 for at the gas station but not with the prices they charge.  AND, they use pre-shedded cheese, that is just nasty.  I don't want ashy cheese that is coated in cellulose.  I don't mind paying the prices, I just would like the quality to match.I stopped by for a quick lunch the other day and had THE most amazing shrimp and slaw poboy! I loved the atmosphere and the story behind "the store" that was posted inside. I returned the next morning for some shrimp and grits (rich but quite tasty) and beignets. I loved everything about the store including the reasonable pricing. I will definitely return if I am back in the big easy again.Pressed for time on a lunch break from the conference that brought me to town, I called in a carry out order of red beans & rice for me and a shrimp po boy for the missus. Everything was hot and ready when I got there, and the staff was super cool. I took the food back to our hotel, where I'd planned to eat while catching up on some work emails. 
It was not to be. 
The red beans and rice were so good, my attention gradually shifted away from the laptop and toward the rich, flavorful sauce and hearty grilled sausage that toppled a mountain of perfectly cooked rice. 
I used to live in Louisiana and that lunch brought back a lot of great memories. It was as good as or better than homemade, and it was well worth the itis I suffered during the conference's afternoon sessions. I ate the whole thing and struggled to stay awake as presenters carried on. My stomach bowed out as I sat, full and happy.great food, great taco bar too..call ahead to order or hit the taco bar, waiting in line there can take up the entire lunch hour.  I would have given it 5 stars, but the line just doesn't move fast enoughCame here for breakfast/brunch, but now open 11am-7pm lunch and dinner. Wife ordered the Traditional burger. I got the Western. Both were INCREDIBLY good. Got there abt 11:10. By 11:35 tons of people started coming in but service was fast.Definitely open for breakfast! The Shrimp and Grits are so tasty, best grits I've had in NOLA. So was the Eggs Gravier, loved the generous pulled pork and spinach portions. Kids also loved the croissant with scrambled eggs and cheese. Happy campers all around.Just got back from lunch at The Store, and not really sure why people are complaining about too-small portions. OK, I guess I am - as New Orleanians, we're used to being given huge portions of OK food, rather than normal-sized portions of great food. Not saying that The Store is always great, since obviously some folks on here have had worse visits than mine, but today the place was spot on. 
My food, and that of my three coworkers, was fresh, crisp, delicious, and priced very fairly. My only complaint about the menu was that despite the great variety of offerings, there was only a small handful of not-that-exciting-sounding options for vegetarians, and I didn't see anything for vegans. I had bites of the Cobb salad (which was HUGE), ate an entire shrimp and slaw po boy (perfect texture, temperature, flavor, and just the right size to get me just to the edge of uncomfortably full), and some sweet potato fries (I don't even like sweet potato fries, yet I'm still enjoying the memory of those sweet/savory/crispy/soft morsels...amazing). 
On top of hitting us up with great food, the staff at The Store were friendly and gave us great service. We came in late in the day, and they graciously allowed us to linger after closing time without trying to rush us out or make it too obvious that it was time for us to go. They made our late lunch very pleasant - something we all really needed after a tough (and looooong) morning at the office. Thanks guys!Cane here for a businesses lunch after a rough day of meetings. Really wanted an oyster po-boy. The cook recommended the shrimp and greens as they were out of oysters. I thought I was settling until the sandwich came out. Freaking terrific!My co-workers and I are always wanting to try new places for lunch. After much research I came across this place. I'm so glad I did. Everyone enjoyed the food. The service was fast especially since the place was busy. The staff was friendly. 
I had the Sloppy Man. It was GOOD!! The pork was juicy, mosit and flavorful. All my co-workers enjoyed what they had. We are definitely going back. 
Definitely give this place a try!Really enjoyed my lunch here today. Service was super friendly and quick, portions are large and there's a lot on the menu to choose from. I ordered the Asian shrimp salad which was delicious and very fresh tasting. Will definitely be back.Honestly I will miss their other location, Reuben's, for their muffuletta sandwiches. I went there every visit. So sorry that they are closed now. 
So here they have a good selection of items for lunch. 
The shrimp po boy was tasty but it's even healthier as a salad.
But I think I will keep searching for the best muffuletta ....One of the best meals I've had while on vacation. The shrimp, greens and BBQ sauce Po Boy was the best sandwich I've had in my life. 
Nothing else to say other than we should have come here sooner.Although I love, love, love, and live for The Stores' delicious grits - I am very displeased with their inconsistent business hours. Some days they're open for breakfast and some days they tell me they're not serving breakfast at 9:10AM like today!! What's up with that? 
How can I be a patron of a place with sporadic business hours? 
UnacceptableGreat food in the CBD .  Try the shrimp n greens poboy or pulled pork.  My only complaint is I wish they were open on the weekends, especially during football season!I was a little nervous about the po-boy with greens...BUT very good. The service was excellent as well. Nice and clean.Get here before 12 or you're in for a standing lunch! And with good reason. This place has amazing food. Get the "build your own" tacos. I'm an average sized person, and I only need 2 to be satisfied. Get a drink to go with, and you have an exceptional lunch for under $10.Just stumbled across this place on my way to an appointment. They  make a fabulous pulled pork sandwich! Service was friendly and efficient. Wished I wasn't in such a hurry; would have loved to sit and savor the experience.The two  things I almost never do in this city, because there is never any need to, is cross Canal Street and pay $12.99 for a Po'Boy.  I did both in one day in order  to eat at the Store, and was happy I did.
Saw the good reviews here for the Reuben and was very interested. On a sunny day, I put on my shades and hiking boots and headed towards the American Sector.  10 blocks later, I arrived and imedieatly faced a dilemma. Reuben seemed like the idea, but the daily special was fried oyster, grilled onion, bacon and brie cheese Po Boy.  Can't turn that down and respect myself in the morning.
Register staff was friendly.
Carried it out and walked back to the Quarter and was rewarded with one of the most delicious sandwiches I'd had in a while...not exactly Po Boy, more of a Panini, but had the needed crunch, the fry for the oysters was delicious and the onions were sauteed to oblivion as they should be. Just a damn good lunch. Brie dripped everywhere.  
Besides the Luke Burger (not as good as Yo Momma's) the Oyster and Bacon on White Bread at Cochon (Super Duper) this was the most expensive sandwich I've had in years.  And was worth it.  Already packing my bags so I can brave another trip to the CBD so I can try that Reuben.I really like the decor in the place and the whole retro look and feel. It clearly wants to be a part of a time long passed. I thought the breakfast food was good,  however what is really great about this place is the staff and service. I'll come back for that alone. Everyone, and I mean everyone (including the dishwasher) was super nice and was super helpful. The cook himself ran food out, the dishwasher helped unload plates we were bringing to the bus-tub and the counter lady/order taker was just as lovely as can be. It's so hard to find places that are so welcoming these days. When I come back I'll check out the lunch menu as I'm hearing that the rice n' beans are money.The Store is a coffee shop right across from the Hilton Garden Inn on Gravier Street which offers breakfast and lunch only.  I swung by in my early morning daze to get a coffee and croissant.  The coffee was a step above 7-11, the croissant was "meh", and the counter service was excellent.Went to The Store today for lunch with 2 colleagues. The special was the Holy Cow Burger which was excellent. Love this restaurant, the food and especially the Taco Bar.Solid, no-frills lunch spot. Sandwiches are delicious--but a little pricey for the portion.REJOICE REJOICE!!!! They have brought their Vege Pockets back &&&& they are STILL AWESOME!!!!!  & they have their taco bar up - I did not try it - but my honey did & enjoyed it & can I tell you the room smelled AWESOME in there!!!!  
Still quite a fan!!! YUM-O!!!!!
Also this time partook in their sweet potato fries YUM!!! crispy perfect!!
:-)Just took the 30 minutes I had between classes to drive through all of the construction downtown to get to the store at 10:07am and be told they are closed between 10 and 11. They didn't even care about the inconvenience. This is very disappointing from a business I was raving to my classmates about. For this type of treatment to loyal customers, I will never be going there again. FYI people don't go to The Store between 10AM and 11AM.