Restaurant was maybe at 20% occupancy and the kitchen shut down and refused customers because they couldn't keep up with 20% occupancy.Let me explain: 
Our server was so nice and charming. Except his counterpart, was a rude disgrace. She picked up my plate while I was still eating and then decided to pick up my drink. Mind you, that my party was undisturbed and was allowed to continue with their festivities. It felt targeted and disturbing and, infuriating. I WILL NEVER RETURN TO The Mill Nola.This place was close to our hotel and one of the only places open on a Monday! The menu had a variety of options. I went with the shrimp truffle Mac and cheese and a crab cake, both were great! The Mac n cheese was STELLER!! Some other friends got the seafood Alfredo and felt it lacked flavor, would have been better off getting two of the shrimp truffle Macs. Highly recommend it!! The place had a good atmosphere and some fun cocktails!We got with friends here for happy hour and small bites. Wow, this place is so so good and it's in the building where we live, the cotton mill. 
Cocktails were so tasty. The food was so flavorful we just kept on eating. 
Book it and go for lunch. Dinner or happy hour. 
Enjoy!Went here for brunch one Sunday with friends. Luckily there was no wait which I heard was typical. We ordered the build your own mimosas which comes with a bottle of champagne and juice for the table. I feel like this was a great option and fairly priced at about $25. I ordered the chicken sandwich as my entree. I upgraded my fries to truffle which I believe was a game changer. The chicken sandwich was OK, I did really enjoy the fries overall great experience I will be returning.Cute small plates brunch. Good crabcake benedict. Nice decor and good service. The hostess and bartender were friendly and worked efficiently. Not that crowded so a little strange that the food was like room temp. Good mix of folks, ambiance and easy parking.The service here was outstanding! Could not have asked for better service than what we got. The pretty in pink drink was very tasty with quite a kick. Definitely get it if available. The food was less than stellar. I didn't enjoy any of it. The jambalaya and greens were edible but not good. The Cornish hen was bland. Definitely lacking in flavor. Maybe it was an off day or maybe I just ordered a dish that wasn't their strong suit. I'd try them again given how good the service was. I'd definitely not order anything I ordered.Had dinner there on a Friday night and was surprised at how many tables were open.  
We had the St James cheese board with the charcuterie addition which was barely enough for two.  
Also, we had the shrimp and grits which was pretty good.  May be too spicy for some but, I didn't mind.
I think this place is a better brunch spot and will have to try it again.Last night, my husband, myself and three of our friends went to The Mill to celebrate my husband's birthday. Our hostess and waitress were very nice.  The drinks could have been a little stronger: they were definitely heavy on the mixers. The duck wings were AMAZING and I should have followed everyone and gotten the Wagyu Burger. I had the pasta. While it was good, I wasn't as pleased as everyone else was with their burgers but it wasn't the food that made me write this review. Our waitress had just walked away with our cards to settle our bill when this  very arrogant,  short, bald, brown skinned gentleman walked past our table and said, "we're closed." How rude. Had he taken the professional route and walked up to the table and asked us if we were ok or some type of professional and friendly dialogue, he would have known that we were cashing out and waiting on our waitress to return with our cards and receipts. Instead, his  choice to be pompous and crass made his customers feel dismissed and disregarded...Now, we more than likely won't be back and we'll be sure to share the experience with others. I would have loved to give The Mill a higher rating but how I am treated as a customer is important to me.Good drinks and menu looks great! Yummy frozen cocktails during the hot months. Wonderful happy hour prices.Love having Brunch, Happy Hour or really any meal here because of the outdoor seating. The bartender on the weekends is awesome, and the food is different than other restaurant in the area. It's a great mix of Trinidad flair. 
The inside is very nice, and has TVs if you're a sports fan. The outside patio is a shared space with the Cotton Mill apartment complex, so it's a bit thin when people walk by, but I love the sunlight in good weather.  The view is very local New Orleans with construction going on in the warehouse district, so you're picky about elegance - eat inside. Ha! 
They can accommodate small or large parties, and have a lot of different seating options, which means this place is great for dates or a gathering with friends and family. Do not leave without ordering something with pepper jelly in it! The house made pepper jelly is divine! That said, honestly, I've had a lot of things on the menu, and it's all delicious. The wings can be spicy or mild - there is NO reason to get the mild. Skip it if you're getting the mild. Get the spicy and order something to cool your taste buds off; it'll be worth it!! They have delicious, refreshing drinks to help. I love the taste of their summer drinks, but again, like the food, I don't have a favorite because everything I've tried has been great. I'll keep tasting my way through the menu!Wings are way too spicy. It's a joke. Do not order unless you want to burn your throat and mouth. Fix your recipe!My husband and I went to New Orleans for our 4-year anniversary. We stayed at the Higgins Hotel and went to this restaurant every day we were there.. The staff was so welcoming and nice, the food was good I got the chicken sandwich and the gumbo, the times we went. I love the ambiance, when my friends visit New Orleans I will definitely tell them to go here.This restaurant made it to one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans!! I went for dinner with my family to celebrate my dad's birthday and originally we decided to sit outside to be safe, but then saw how spacious and spread out people were inside and decided to eat inside. The staff were all very friendly and took all the right precautions. For food, we ordered a good amount of appetizers, a gumbo, 2 entrees, and bread pudding. 
Apps: Beef yakatori, tuna tartar, crab cakes, and hummus were all 5/5. I think all are must tries! In order of most worth it, I'd say beef yakatori, crab cakes, tuna tartar, hummus, but my family might disagree. It's a close tie amongst all of them. The hummus didn't have the garlic flavor traditionally in authentic hummus, but it was smooth and creamy, and the bread on the side was perfect. 
Gumbo: easily one of the more flavorful gumbos I've ever tasted. Good portion size too. 
Andouille Gouda burger: soooo juicy and delicious. 100% must try, you won't be disappointed.
Redfish: very good. No complaints.
Bread pudding: I'll say this was an amazing bread pudding. As with many restaurants, this bread pudding was great. Definitely recommend. 
Drinks: old fashion was great, and the Paloma was allegedly really good (didn't try it though). 
This place opened up in January right before Covid-19 and I hope they continue to succeed and stay open. The food was incredible.Noelle is the best  server ever!!!
I came down from Dallas texas to celebrate my birthday and she was the best!!! I love the restaurant and I will recommend it to anyone at this times!!!Sooo pretty inside and out! The food and waitress were great! Would recommend the wings(spicy), truffle fries, and DEFINITELY the bread pudding!The good: great decor ambience service was great hostess was great. Duck wings really good overly priced in my opinion but hey it's the area.
The BAD: Bartender should NEVER come near a bar in his life again. Drinks were HORRIBLE literally a splash of liquor 90% ICE and 10% of whatever mixer you ask for. I have never in my life had a WEAK Long Island like dude wtf! I have had seltzer's stronger than every drink I received here. Burger was nothing special pretty dry for me. Owner must love having to restock liquor once a year. Pretty sucky 31st birthday experience. Didn't even take pics because drinks sucked so badThis restaurant is nothing but great vibes. First time trying it out. We were seated right away (made a reservation ahead of time). They have tv's all over so it was easy to watch the game. We had the mimosa kit with OJ and Cranberry for $25. The crab cakes were my absolute favorite. Flavorful, nice portion size, and had a spicy kick to them. My bf ordered the shrimp poboy and he loved it. They use an in-house batter which was tasty and there was a very generous amount of shrimp. I had the fried chicken sandwich. It wasn't anything spectacular but it wasn't bad--wouldn't order it again. All in all, great dining experience. Would've given it 5 stars but the chicken sandwich just didn't do anything for me.I love going to places I've never been and this spot is definitely a must go to.
The atmosphere is classic NOLA with the inside brick walls. The tables are spaced hood and its open and airy. Not overly decorated either. 
Our server, Noel, was very friendly and attentive. She was definitely one of the best servees I've had in a while.
Now the food...when I tell you I'm so satisfied.  The gumbo is tasty, the roux was consistent and you can definitely taste the andouille which gave it that little kick that makes you lick the spoon 
Then there is the seafood macaroni  when I tell you delicious!! Whatever that sauce is...YUMMY and with every bite there is crawfish. The fried shrimp is battered just right and had that lil crunch when you bite down. We also had the plantains which were delicious.
Also the restroom was very clean which is always a PLUS!Let me start by saying I wish I had taken pictures of this place. It is beautiful and definitely up my alley. Also a great photo op for people who like a more instagramable restaurant. We started with some cocktails and crab cakes (which I would argue are the best crab cakes I've ever had) and then continued trying different drinks until our food came. The service was quick and the food was prepared beautifully. I had a take on shrimp and grits which again, amazing. The staff was friendly and I believe the owner was the one who kept checking on us through the night. It was a Monday so there wasn't a ton of people but it was an amazing night for us all the same! I would highly highly suggest. It was a 5min walk from our hotel in downtown New Orleans!I really wanted to love this place. The ambience is nice here and the staff is friendly. I was greeted quickly and seated promptly. I went there for Sunday brunch. I ordered the crab cake Benedict and pimms cup cocktail. When the drink arrived I thought the presentation was great! When I tasted it it was flavorful but lacked alcohol (and I'm a lightweight when it comes to alcohol). My guest said his cocktail lacked alcohol too. I tried it and agreed. Then my entree came to the table and although the presentation was nice it looked like an appetizer. For the price the portions are really small. I enjoyed the taste of the crab cake but I didn't enjoy the side of sliced bread. The crab cake may have been better paired with a biscuit or something else. The sliced bread was kind of tough. Overall this place is ok.Decided to celebrate our 5 year anniversary at The Mill and it was an AWESOME experience. The food was amazing! We enjoyed each course. Each came out right on time ..... Loved the ambience. Staff was friendly and very attentive. We will definitely be back.Amazing new addition to the neighborhood!! Awesome food and staff! Such a friendly group of guys that opened this place. We tried the burger, wings, salad, cornbread and sweet mashed potatoes and loved them all! Everything had such good flavor and spice. We will definitely be back!First, the food was amazing!   Go for the food!  Also the bartender gave me a dirty martini that was one of the best I've ever had and he delivered it to ensure it was cold.  Also came out very fast after ordering as it was delivered by bussers and/or kitchen staff.  However, I found the service from our waitress lack luster. They were not overly busy and our server was not very attentive.  Our app plates were never taken from our table and we waiting a long time to order food and drinks, so was disappointed in that but will be back.The food, drinks and atmosphere were all so good!!! We had the cheese board, the Tuna and Mango Salad and Bread pudding... it was all very tasty. The Airmail cocktail was light and refreshing and the wait staff was friendly and attentive. I cannot wait to go back!!!I can't say enough good things about this place!! The bartenders are fun and the cocktails are creative. The waitstaff is great, and chef Lisa is amazing! The food was delicious and they went out of the way to accommodate my sister with food allergies. Highly recommend!Having heard good things about The Mill, my roommate and I gave it a shot, and it was a very pleasant surprise! The food and drinks were wonderful, but what really set it apart was the staff. Everyone was extremely kind, and our waitress Noelle was amazing. She was very conscientious about COVID precautions, and she made us feel so welcome and comfortable. I cannot recommend Noelle and The Mill highly enough.The best food. I've tried almost everything on the menu and never disappointed. The drinks are off the chain good. Happy Hour consists of a great drink and app selection. I crave the chefs hot pepper jelly! She from Trinidad and is the bomb!! Yes that statement shows my age. But, don't care. 
Oh and the atmosphere is perfection. Two thumbs up and a snap!Went here for brunch. We had a reservation but it didn't look like we really needed one. The food was amazing! Everything was really flavorful and the service was top-notch. I had the shrimp and grits and shared the truffle fries. Will definitely be going back.My husband and I love going to new places in the city. The Mill is now one of our favs!! 
Food - A plus
Service - Exceptional
Atmosphere - A plus & Clean
The atmosphere was a true NOLA designed theme and it was really nice. 
Our server Abigail was the absolute best!!! So friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating. 
Beef Yakatorie - Delightful
Pork chop was great, juicy and flavorful. 
Fried chicken sandwich was sooo good, crispy with tons of crusty battered goodness.  Love the garlic butter with everything in my plate including The fried green beans which was so unique with holy trinity on top and I couldn't stop eating. 
We ended our meal with the bread pudding which was good as well. 
It will be hard to keep trying new places after visiting here. We definitely will be coming backFirst experience for New Orleans cuisine here. Went here with a group of five from Michigan about two weeks ago. I was so impressed. Ambiance was warm, rustic, and inviting. Basically we ordered one of all the most popular dishes from the menu. They were are a knock out. My fave was the chicken sandwich funny enough. The garlic sauce on the sandwich was the best I've ever had. Five stars. Next time I'm in NOLA I'll be back to this place.This place is really good! From the service to the environment to the food! Everything was hot and yummy. The bread pudding with ice cream was fantastic!Short review but to sum it up...Delicious!!!! I Visited this establishment for happy hour 12/3/2020 while we kicked off my friend's 35th birthday celebration. Happy hour menu consisted of a couple drinks and dishes for $6 until 6pm. We ordered all items on the happy hour menu. Everything was delicious but my favorites were the chicken yakatori and Buffalo wings. Our waitress Noelle was amazing and even went the extra mile to take multiple photos of us . The establishment is beautiful, very Covid-19 friendly including outside seating and picture worthy. I will definitely be back!The waitress was very rude, the food took forever to come out and the gumbo was not traditional more like gravy and rice. The managers tried to make up for the terrible service from the waitress Noelle, but I doubt I'll be returning hereWhat a great place to open in the neighborhood. Ordered the tofu banh mi and it was delicious! Loved the way the cucumbers were sliced and the flavor was phenomenal. Excited to try the rest of the menu!!!This place has all the potential in the world with the exception of one rude and unpleasant waiter, Noel. Not sure why she was so nasty but she ruined the experience, the food was cold because she did not bring it out in a timely manner. She didn't want us asking questions, she slammed drinks on our table. After being reported to the manager, our waiter was switched and the service was excellent for the rest of the night. Not sure that I will return. First impressions mean everything.This place is a must! We recently went for dinner and my fiancé and I both ordered the burgers as an entree. The burger was juicy and incredibly flavorful and we can honestly say it's one of our favorites in the city so far. 
The happy hour deals weren't bad and it ended at 8. 
Also, the inside of the restaurant is so pretty and a great environment for a date night or to catch drinks at the bar! 
The service was also amazing! The manager came to our table and talked to us for a bit - great food convo  our wait staff was also incredible. Honestly we had no complaints and will definitely go back soon!I had some pretty cocktail  to start with. I wish I could tell y'all the name but it was so good, I can't remember. Come to find out, they REALLY have a GRRRREAT bartender and that explains WHY! 
We had Crab cakes, yakitori and truffle mac & cheese. For entree' the Red Fish is the winner..
Love the open space inside. The chef is AMAZING and bartender is MAGNIFICENT. WHAT a WINNING COMBO.This was my first time at THE MILL NOLA, didn't know it was black owned, that was plus. The brunch was great! I have absolutely no complaints. Loved the atmosphere and look of the place. The mimosas were delicious the one bottle for $25 was ok but I would prefer bottomless. All around it was a good first experience.Rumor has it my favorite chef and server are now employed by Gayle Benson. I'm still going to frequent this place and give the new chef a chance.  But, I'm going to miss the Trinidad flair that made this place so special. The mixologists alone are worth my patronage.What an Amazing place to eat and drink! I have food allergies so the thought of traveling is scary because you never know if you are going to find a place that will offer you more than a salad. My sisters and I wandered into The Mill for beverages one night and the bartenders were so great. When we asked about where to get brunch and explained my food allergies they said to come in and Chef Lisa would be able to wrk with me. When we arrived the next day the gentleman said we talked to the chef and she is going to come out and talk to you about your options. She had taken note of my allergies and even made notes in the menu. I was beyond happy to know she was so thoughtful and willing to make me something wonderful. Thank you so much for making me a surprise meal that was absolutely the best!Nothing out of the ordinary, and really a great location. Had the steak and it was very well cooked but a thin piece of meat. So for the price feel like it was a bit much, they made a 20 dollar steak and charge like over 30 so don't see the value there. Everything else was flavorful and we'll prepared. Happy hour is the time to go and sit outside is nice, but weird you have to use the bartender to order. So nothing that was extraordinary for us to return...Went for brunch and thoroughly enjoyed our time. Our drinks and food came quickly and were yummy! Definitely recommend the fried grits and the chicken and waffles were tasty too!So we went to Cochon Butcher at the recommendation of the valet at our hotel but realized they don't have a brunch menu. We started chatting with another couple waiting. They were from Baton Rouge and he said he had heard about The Mill. It was walking distance so we decided to check it out. So glad we did!! The wagyu burger was so flavorful and juicy. Super crispy fries. My husbands shrimp po-boy had the best bread and the large shrimp were cooked perfectly. 
One friend had breakfast. The creamy grits were simple and not too rich but just as described,  creamy! The only thing that wasn't amazing was the chicken and waffles. The chicken breast was a bit too thick on one side. Tough and needed more seasoning. The waffle was good though. 
We had the build your own mimosas. Just wished they had raspberries but totally understand they can go bad so quickly so understandable that they might not have those. 
The atmosphere was perfect. We love the old building. Nice hum of chatter around but not terribly loud.The place looked very nice and clean. The food was absolutely wonderful and we felt safe eating there. Staff was very attentive. Only thing is the menu was limited compared to the one we saw online, so not too many options for the main courses. Was a great experience nonetheless.I wish I could give 4.5 stars. We had brunch at The Mill. Decor and ambiance is very nice. The hostess - Chrissy - was welcoming, entertaining, and took our picture! 
Very nice menu choices and drink selections. For my coffee lovers, the coffee was SUPER!! 
I had the Cajun omelet and bacon - the omelet could use a few more shakes of Cajun seasoning and the bacon was OVER cooked. Our other dish was grits and eggs Benedict and both of those were very good. 
 I do recommend with reservations on the bacon.This restaurant is in the space in the Cottonmill  Condominiums building previously occupied by Sac-a-lait  which I miss very much. It is no hole in the wall as suggested by a previous reviewer.  But for the many windows on its corner location (Annunciation and John Churchill Chase), I would call it cavernous. The Mill Nola had the misfortune of opening very shortly before Covid-19 necessitated the closing of Louisiana restaurants to table service dining. But they are doing business for curbside pickup and nearby delivery.
I enjoyed delivery to my condo of three delicious appetizers - chicken and andouille gumbo (as good as anybody's except for my fiancee's), a spring mix salad with optional blackened shrimp (other options also available), and naked fried chicken wings tossed in pepper jelly.  I would happy having those dishes again. But I want to explore more of the menu and especially look forward to the day when the Mill opens for table service.The food was good, especially the grits! The mimosas were also delicious. The service and environment was pleasant. The food portions were on the smaller side, but the pricing isn't too bad either.Just ate at the Mill for the first time tonight. I had the Mill burger and it was awesome. The fries were yummy. It was so good that I ate it too quickly to take a picture. I can't wait until I can actually eat there.Stopped by here during my wife and I's romantic weekend getaway to Nola. The server was very pleasant and friendly, the food was phenomenal and the desert (bread pudding) was excellent. Shame it's in such a weird spot geographically. Nothing else to really do or see in that area afterwards but as far as the restaurant itself goes... excellent. Would go back again in a heartbeat.Modern, chic and nestled on the edge of the warehouse district, The Mill Nola is definitely a must visit spot. Traditional New Orleans flavors with Asian and Island infusions show through every dish. The menu is eclectic, flavorful and delish. They have a happy hour that boasts some of their popular appetizers as well as most popular drinks for $6. Try the Old Fashioned, Cottonmouth and Mule. You will not be disappointed! The Mill wings are outstanding, so are the crab cakes and the bread pudding are all a must. The vibe and the service are top notch! #ThankYouThursdayThe food was absolutely delicious and I really enjoyed their steak as well as their crab cakes.  It's such a beautiful place and you can take beautiful pictures there as wellThis spot was great really enjoyed the mill wings, crispy and butter with a slight peppery kick that will definitely make your mouth water. Other two items were good but no really memorable. Drinks are very tart and I prefer more on the sweet side. But ambiance was great really enjoyed the music and service. Over all a 3/5Amazing truffle fries and burger. Didn't love the Asian inspired beef on a stick dish, but at least I tried. I'm not sure what vibe the restaurant is trying to be in terms of food mixture, but overall the service was amazing and the space was beautiful. Omg did I mention the truffle fries, yum!The food is great! We had lemon grass chicken wings, cheeseburger, and gumbo. Everything tastes great and the service is very nice! We sit outdoors and there are plenty of green plants around the restaurant. The location is 10min walk to the WW2 museum.Wow! This place is amazing. The mill wings are my favorite but their cocktail list is amazing too! Don't pass up the chance to check this place out. The inside is beautiful too!When I tell you this place is the ish, it is the ish. So go go go! I saw this spot on Queen of the South and knew I had to go. They recently opened during Covid so they are adjusting to the business. However, I made reservations super simple and got greeted by a co-owner who sat me down. Then the other co-owner came over, within distance, and made sure I was doing good and introduced himself. Honestly, haven't felt in a nola restaurant until then with the atmosphere and vibes. They have patio seating and inside seating which is half bar half dinner. Happy hour is the bees knees and is 3-6 daily, except sunday. I also need you Yelpers to start putting times of happy hours so I can search. Yall just say happy hour was great, haha. It helps me none. Anywho, southside is a frozen drink with gin - freaking DELISH! Hummus is made in house and super light. The burger bites are yummy. Wings are tossed in a sweet chili glaze and the mango salsa needed some flavor. Don't worry, I'll be here alot because its just a great vibe.This might be my new fav happy hour!  When I say truffle fries, my friends and I immediately think of the mill now.  The food is really good and it's a cute vibe!  Parking isn't horrible in the area, just depends on the time and day of course. I highly suggest checking out their happy hour as the cocktails are wonderful and tasty!  I got the Friday special and it was hitting for sure!  My friends told me I need to try their brunch as well so it's on my brunch to go list in the near future!  Please do yourself and favor and check out this cute restaurant!We made a last min pivot in our dining plans one night as we wanted to stay a bit closer to our hotel and we snagged up a table quickly, which was awesome. The place here is really beautiful! High ceilings, exposed brick, and so much pretty lighting make it feeling super cozy and inviting. The staff was super nice and gave us great recommendations. The burger bites are not your ordinary sliders and are a must order. The macaroni pie was a great comfort food moment. And damn, that shrimp and grits was incredibly flavorful. You MUST order the bread pudding or you're not LIVING your best life. It was such a damn good dessert. Love me some bread pudding that's not messing around. This place was such a great choice and would highly recommend a visit!Based on ambiance/decor and service, this place would definitely be 5+ stars. Super cool inside and our server, as well as management were extremely personable, polite, and attentive. The food and drinks were good, just a tad pricey (not overly so for New Orleans, but higher than plenty of other great places in the near immediate vicinity). We got a house salad which was different, fresh, and yummy; also tried the tuna tartare which was really awesome-very fresh, light, citrusy, and flavorful! My husband had a frozen drink, which was a good froze-not the best I've had. We also tried the bread pudding a la mode, which was divine! Our friends got shrimp and grits (looked awesome-she said it was really yummy), wings (spicy and tasty), and the banh mi sandwich (good), with truffle fries (good). It's a cute and convenient neighborhood spot for us, so we will be back.We decided to eat here on a Friday night and didn't wait for a table! The space is wonderful with plenty of seating for large and small parties. The service was so friendly and wonderful & we were waited on by Noelle who was so professional, kind, and courteous!! She went above and beyond for our table when she was clearly responsible for several others. The food came out perfect/ everything as we ordered. We really enjoyed the ambiance & the music - it was a calm & wonderful experience.My experience was more than I expected! The happy hour food and drink menu was perfect! Noelle was my server, and she was prompt, friendly, and engaging. I will DEFINITELY be back!Friday night for an Early Valentines dinner.
I chose the Valentines Special of Lobster Crawfish Bisque, Steak Diane (perfectly seasoned) & Strawberry Shortcake along w the Raspberry Fizz to drink. Appetizers were the Shrimp Truffle Mac n Cheese and the the Chicken Yakitori was sooo good could of ordered more of as the main meal. Stuffed Trout was also good.This place was absolutely amazing! Plenty of spaces to park, and not crowded at all inside! The food was perfectly cooked, and they were so understanding about my food allergy. Will be coming back soon!They have a nice happy hour for drinks & food. I would like to go back for brunch at some point. All of my friends really enjoyed their food & mine was good, but it really did not stand out much. Our waiter was very nice as well & continued to get our drinks out quickly, which was great! Hopefully I'll have more to say after brunch hereWe have a spot at the cotton mill so was excited to try it.  My husband had it last month and really liked it . . . unfortunately my tuna tartar tasted fishy so wasnt a big fan :(I went here for my birthday and everything was amazing. Selfish to say i was happy covid had the restaurant pretty empty, me and my guest really enjoyed ourselvesI came here for dinner and I really thought it was a cute vibe here! I will however say that I really didn't like that their decor consists of cotton stems. It rubbed me the wrong way. However, the food was really good. The crab cake was so tasty and the sauce that came with it complimented it perfectly. I also ordered the Alfredo. It was really good but I feel that they were a little skimpy with the seafood. All in all I definitely enjoyed and would recommendMy Friends and I were trying to find a good brunch spot with bottomless mimosas and we stumbled across The Mill on Open Table. Luckily we were able to secure 12:30pm reservation the day of. 
We were immediately sat at a nice table outside (our preference). The menu has some really good options and it was almost too hard to choose! I ordered the Seafood Scramble with white toast plus a side of grits! We all shared an order of Bananas Foster French Toast. My two friends both ordered the BBQ shrimp plus a side of grits. 
One thing I liked most about their Mimosas is that we should share the bottle. We each didn't have to order individually; that gets really pricey! Our two juice choices were grapefruit and pineapple! Out waitress kept our glasses full! Its $25 for the bottle of champagne and juices. We did end up getting another bottle which was $22.
The weather didn't hold up so well but stayed outside. We ended up being there until brunch was over (3pm) and that's when Happy Hour starts! Soooo guess what we ordered happy hour drinks! Yes we changed liquors LOL - don't judge us. The rain was still coming down so we weren't leaving. 
I ordered The Downfall (ohh the irony right? LOL) It has tequila in it mixed with pineapple and some other juices that I can't remember right now. Select drinks are $6 bucks during Happy Hour 3pm-6pm Mon-Sat but no food is served between 3-4pm. Dinner starts at 4pm. 
You guessed it, we were there at 4PM! LOL So more food was ordered. I ordered the Lemon Pepper wings and the cooks were gracious enough to to make Lemon Pepper Shrimp for my Pescatarian friends.  It was delicious! 
We sat at The Mill for 5 hours - again- don't judge us! We had a good time, good food, and food drinks! The rain kept us there!Beautiful spot in New Orleans Warehouse District. Staff were super friendly and personable from the host, bartender to our waiter. The food was delicious, decently priced and the frozen cocktails were certainly refreshing. Will be back and definitely recommend to others.Amazing. Definitely worth the hike out of the French Quarter. Had the tuna poke salad-- tuna was very tender.  Food here combines Caribbean and Louisiana flavors and does it very well. Totally recommend this place.This spot is open and serving a full menu. There was both indoor and outdoor seating available. We choose indoor since it was quite warm outside and the social distancing was in full effect. They do require you to wear a mask when not seated at your table, which is a plus since we are not out of the woods just yet with the COVID pandemic. 
For starters we order the burger bites. Nothing amazing, they were just ok. Seriously lacked flavor.
They truffle and Parmesan fries were a hit with our kids. They came out fresh, hot and tasty. We ate them all!
BBQ shrimp were pretty good, not in my top 5 but definitely flavorful.
We also tried the chicken and waffles which my husband really enjoyed. 
Have 4 stars because the service was amazing and all of our food came out fast, fresh and hot. They did not miss a beat with the service.The food here is very flavorful and the only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because the take-out portion is deceiving. The gumbo - it's $8 - This portion is SO SMALL it's insulting. We are in New Orleans, where you can order gumbo with SEAFOOD and chicken for the same price! This only has sausage and literally is 3 bites. I dined in and got this same size and they trick you by putting it in a shallow large plate but the to-go looks so puny. Disappointed!! 
The drinks are great and the truffle fries are impressive. Just do not order the gumbo to-go cuz you'll be insulted!After multiple recommendations, I decided to try out The Mill for my Galentine's Day date. I definitely will be back when it is not as crowded, since all my fellow single ladies and fellas had the same idea. Either way,do a second assessment of dinner.
With a location right in the heart of the Warehouse District -- a chic industrial-urban (with a new age charm) part of the city, this makes it an accessible enough spot for locals & tourists alike.
My guest and I ordered the Make-Your-Own Mimosa, Chicken n' Waffles + Crabcake Eggs Benedict. The flavor on everything was awesome, and definitely indicative of a well prepared and knowledgeable chef + kitchen team.
Only cons are that I do wish the proportion on the Benedict was bigger for the price (a lá Ruby Slipper serving two bennies). Also, maybe this was the consequence of being a later brunch reservation, the fried chicken was not as hot, but our server was so accommodating in relaying our feedback. Cheers to good food for a great price! Follow @thefrench75diet on IG for more reviewsWe came to mill for brunch to celebrate the presidential win! Part of our party was late due to the traffic and we were never rushed, or anything! They sat us and allowed us to order. I ordered a mimosa and got the plantain fosters French toast with a side of bacon. It was soooo good! Everything was perfect. Other thing so if party enjoyed were the crab cakes, the fried chicken sandwich, shrimp and grits, grillades and grits, and the frozen Paloma. Our waitress was great! I wish I remembered her name. They also have TV's to show games and outdoor patio seating. Awesome place to get a drink or get a meal, I will be back for dinner!Went for brunch. Both me and my friend ordered chicken & waffles and each had a appetizer. The size of the portions were not filling at all. It was my first and last timeGreat restaurant, wonderful service, and delicious food. I had their southside frozen drink and the milk burger omg so so gooood. Delicious  thank youGreat service, great cocktails, great food!   Spacious restaurant perfect for social distancing.   The atmosphere was nice and clean.   We came to try their Brunch, Will be back to try out dinner!My friends and I patronized this restaurant for our annual Friendsmas get together. Let me first begin by saying how much we loved the hostess. He was the BEST photographer for our pics, like they were incredible. He definitely knows what he is doing. Secondly the food was pretty good. My favorite was the crab cakes as an appetizer and those beef kabobs. My entree was the banana foster French toast which didn't taste any different than elsewhere. I loved how they follow covid guidelines they were all wearing mask and the tables were 6 feet apart. There is off street parking but the neighborhood isn't bad a few blocks from Convention center. They weren't too crowded so that was very sad to see cause I know the restaurant industry is hurting!Unexpected Surprise.  So- we went to check out the Mill based on a post from a friend.  Only mentioned that the food was "good" and cool vibe so we decided to check it out.  First of all, our server: Noelle was top notch and based on her recommendation of the blackberry pimm's cup- that's what we tried.  DO NOT miss this drink - beyond yummy!!   Excellent choice- so much so that we had 2- lol.   We also tried the gumbo which had a different sort of "smokiness" to it- that we just loved!  Maybe the best gumbo ever?  Really, really good.  Then we tried the crab cakes which were also delicious and we shared the banh mi(blackened chicken) and the fried chicken sandwich(that sauce tho!)- highly recommend.  This place hit it out of the park for us.  Cool vibe, great drinks and all the yummies! Give it a try- and ask for Noelle(you'll be glad you did).