We've been here three times and on each visit Djorn has taken excellent care of us. (I may have said "Better than family" once.) This was definitely a great break after lots of walking and the new grey robes feel AMAZING. Make sure to check out the saltwater pool and hot tub, too.I booked a spa appointment here while I was in town. I did the Voodoo Love massage and bath. It was a very cool experience. The massage was awesome, there were red rose petals on the floor leading into the room, the room was dark except for the red candles burning and voodoo drum music to complete the effect. the massage oil was made from a love oil apparently derived from a recipe from the famed Marie Laveau. The bath, which was after the massage was pretty much the same..red candles and drum music. The water was covered with rose petals and more love oil in the bath water. the whole experience was great. I'd do it againI recently moved to the NOLA area and have been looking for a new salon/spa. I have very high standards and this place is supposed to be the best, but I found it to be overrated and a poor value for the money. The level of professionalism from the staff was not what I would expect. The lady who did my hair put so much product in that I literally can't put my fingers or a brush through it and will have to rewash it myself. Then they didn't schedule enough time for hair so it cut into my nail appointment and I was only able to get a pedi, no mani.  My search for a new spa continues...It's a beautifully planned out space, and you can really escape the chaos of an otherwise hectic day here. With any service, you can use the fitness center, and the co-ed whirlpool. There's a separate steam and sauna in the locker room. Also, a cafe is available for light, healthy eating. 
I love the fact the services begin here at eight am! Now, I may not get a Brazilian done at that hour of the morn, but to get a brow wax or a pedi out of the way, that's great. Locals get an extra treat if you have a service done Sunday - Thursday!
My brow wax wasn't as extensive as I like, and it's my fault for not specifying what I do like. However, I do pay to trust the esthetician, and the 10,000 watt bulb to see all the stay hairs in view. But, I'll be back for more services, and will happily report.This spa has earned it's 2011 Travel And Leisure award with good reason! From the moment you phone and leave a voicemail to the moment you leave after its all done, service was exceptional throughout. I had a Spa Finder gift certificate to use and this spa recently began accepting these certificates! Thankfully, I had a day off to use it!  So, here are my thoughts:
First Torrance is one of the special people who answers the phone and makes appts. Charming, thorough and courteous, I thanked him at the end of my visit and he thanked me with a nice large bottle of fancy shower gel & a sweet note. My masseuse, Eric, was fabulous and his technique worked my knots pretty well! Debbie, the lounge attendant was exemplary with her cheer and kindness. She sets you up with the locker, towels and all, but she also gets your lunch and drinks in a jiffy! My banana-pineapple protein shake was delicious and expressly made for before my massage. Afterwards, I ordered the seared tuna Cobb salad and I have to say the ahi (tuna) was exceptional quality! The salad was an amazing presentation in itself and it tasted great, too!!!! Debbie served it all with a smile and threw in a glass of bubbly for free upon my request! In between everything and at the end, I went down to the hot tub. The hot tub area is just past the workout area, but it's roomy and quiet! Nice big tub, smooth tiles and decent jets. I didn't use the resistance pool, but all of the facilities are available for use for 24 hours when you have a service done at the spa. The showers have everything you could need, including a do-it-yourself sugar scrub that was divine!  Really, I loved my experience at this spa! It's on the top of the list of premier spas in the area, but really it may be the only one of its kind in a 60 mile radius of New Orleans! Definitely, I would like to return at least on a quarterly basis, it's worth the pretty penny!This is a tale of two cities.  Amy gave probably the best massage I've ever had and deserves 6 stars. Ask for her and you will be pleased. 
Facilities were a 3 which changed the actual rating. It was clean, people were nice but it did not hit the Ritz standard. In Dallas the massage table was 4 way adjustable with memory foam-- this was up and down only with a nice bed but not the same. I wear a 44 coat and the thin stretchy robe had to be pulled to go around. Taking a shower and the knob fell off. 
Also the hot tub is downstairs and you have to walk through the entry and exercise room--a word of caution, hottub and pool are coed so being a swimsuit.  Steam and sauna were in the locker area and worked very well
I would return but had higher expectations based on visits to other propertiesHad the best massage I have ever had in my life. I will have one here again next time I was in town. I like a very deep tissue massage. Most of the time the masseuse is a sissy and does not believe that I want it deep. Not this guy! I was so happy with the amount of pressure. He knew what he was doing. I was sore the next day and I was happy because he got all the knots out!
We used the workout facilities, the pool, the whirlpool. Everything was first class. I loved the steam room. It is so relaxing to get those cucumbers on the eyes and lay back and feel like you are floating in the clouds. 
Can't wait for more of this tranquil paradise.Fantastic service and for the price I do expect that. Eric is the best! And I won't go to anyone else, he always hits the right spot and is very professional.I've gone back several times for a pedi, and I must say I love it! Doris - my technician does a fantastic job, and I always feel great when I leave. It could also be the glass of champagne before and after, too.
The locals' special is even better these days: 30% every day but Saturday!Went here the two days before my wedding and had an amazing time. The staff, especially LaKiesha and Maria, were incredibly accommodating during my visits. I got a Swedish massage and body scrub, then sat in the steam room for more relaxation. The facility is top notch, clean, relaxing and has everything you need to leave feeling great. This place made all the difference during my wedding weekend.Where oh where oh where do I begin. 
1.this place is amazing
2.the people are amazing
3.the look and feel and vibe was amazing
People in New Orleans are so laid back and chill ilove it they respect you and treat you w kindness
I got a massage facial and voodoo bath all very good jobs
I ate the salmon salad YOu have to try this
By far best salmon EVER it was sooo delicate and melted in my mouth everyone was so kind to me I'm here alone for business and it's my birthday so I came and the staff was so friendly really made me feel welcome. It's a bit pricey so if you come be prepared to spend some money I mean it is the Ritz 
Alison was also so sweet she gave me a gift bag as a birthday gift with nice little things inside
Thank you ritz for doing. A good job and having a great spa! 
Will come again.Jomeca, Michie, and Mariella took care of us and gav us fantastic manicures and pedicures. Serving champagne or mimosas was definitely a nice touch. From the check in counter to the wonderful service, this is definitely a place I would return to.The three star rating is only because the actual massage was excellent.
My massage therapist was Michael. He was very professional, focused on my problem areas as discussed and left me feeling relaxed and refreshed. I get massages monthly and this was one of the best ones I've had. 
The facility was outdated, old and a terrible layout. I arrived prior to my appt to find the place not very crowded and a mess. Things like toilet paper and water had to be requested as both were out.  The relaxation area was also the location that the staff stored and/or washed the towels as there were bins getting pushed back and forth as well as staff complaining. My appointment was at 4pm and I was told that I would be able to use the amenities on site. However, I was not told that the minute my massage was over, they closed down the amenities. When I asked a staff member if the steam room was broken because it wasn't on at 5 minutes till 5pm, the response that was snapped back was " We close at 5pm. We are closed". 
When I checked out, I would have brought this up but I was not even asked how my services were. After standing on a line for 10 minutes to pay out, I was ready to just leave the building. 
I have visited other Ritz Spas and wrongly assumed that I could step foot into any location and have an amazing experience.
I would not recommend this place if you are looking for a spot with amenities.  However, if you are just looking to get in and out for a great massage, see Michael.There every other week for the past few years- I always leave fully relaxed and rejuvenated! 
Spa attendant Maria is a sweetheart!!She'll make sure you're 100% at home, and makes the best Poinsettias and Mimosas! 
She also preps the steam room to your preferred temperature and aromatherapy (i.e. Eucalyptus, Peppermint, etc).
Eric is one of their best masseuses, and everyone I've tried so far has been pretty good.
Monic for facials-- love her!!! 
Great saltwater pools and rain shower also!!! 
Love this place :)Great spa!!! What a relaxing atmosphere! Their services are too notch. Next time I'm in New Orleans I will definitely be back!Of course expensive, but I really enjoyed my voodo massage. It was the perfect combination of something unique and a wonderful great massage. I would recommend making sure you have enough time to enjoy the facility after, since you have access to the spa which had a wonderful sauna and relaxation area. Also the staff was beyond amazing, super friendly and helpful.Had a great experience here at the ritz. Everyone was polite and nice. I definitely plan on returningThis was my first Ritz-Carlton spa visit, and it was totally worth it! Yes it's pretty expensive, and we ordered a bunch of food in the spa's private dining area, so we ran up a big tab. But it's one of those things that you have to do once in your life. Anyway, there is a steam room and sauna, nice showers, pool, fitness center, relaxation room (nap time!), and more! The only thing I didn't love were the sandals, they were low budgety rubber slippers. I'm sure they're easier to clean, but not very Ritzy at all. The robes were nice though. Also, our hostess was awesome and funny (can't remember her name). I got one of the 1 hour scrubs, and I was silky smooth afterwards. Lovely spa day!Wow, I finally had a sea salt body scrub that completely does NOT wet my hair and that I must admit was better than the salt n' glow at Burke Williams.  I had the best spa experience from the professional services that were rendered by Ebony and Eric.  The aroma at the spa was very pleasing  and I particularly like that I was given a choice as to what scent I was used for my massage and blended with my sea salt.Love this place!  Get the sugar scrub massage or the hot stone if you do not want to get wet.I went with my girlfriend, each of us getting an hour massage. After consulting with her, we apparently had slightly different experiences. 
Now, I understand that maybe spas cater slightly more to women, so I wasn't TOO surprised about the differences. Apparently a complimentary beverage (they offered champagne in her case) is available, but I settled for the only thing I saw...good ol' H20. Not a big deal, but that might have bumped them up a star. 
Another variance between male/female sides perhaps, was the size of the massage room. I wouldn't even mention it, except that there was a door three feet from my head, as I lay on the table, leading to the adjoined room . About halfway through the massage, I heard the staff enter the next room and begin to clean it. I heard water running from the sink the entire time, along with some shuffling and such...kinda killed the mood a little. 
The other slight issue was the shower area. After using the steam room, which was nice and hot by the way (which I enjoyed thoroughly, even though I live in a perpetual steam room known as New Orleans), I chose a shower stall with a curtain. I threw my towel over the curtain, which had a giant cockroach just hanging out on it. I know that they are basically the state pet down here, but I also expected a little more from such a high-dollar establishment. I told one of the attendants and he smacked it off the curtain and squashed it...my hero. 
All in all, it wasn't a bad experience. The wait staff were all friendly and mostly helpful, and the actual massage was excellent. If I could just go back for the massage and skip all the other glamorization, I would!Spent time here on a quiet Tuesday morning, arrived early to use the steam and sauna amenities, the steam room coud have been warmer but the sauna was perfect.
  Received the moisture surge treatment and look advantage of the relaxation room which was stocked with snacks.  Dined at the garden inner courtyard, which was not on the same floor. 
I'd return as wrapping up a party weekend in NOLA at this spot was a treat!The best of the best when it comes to service! Extensive selection of spa services. LOVE LOVE LOVEMe and a girlfriend spent the entire afternoon here and had a great time!  The staff was extremely friendly and very helpful when needed.  If I had to nitpick, maybe monitoring the level of noise when children are in the jacuzzi/pool area.  Although excited, a little too noisy for us to relax.  
We had never had a body scrub and massage before and this was excellent!!  The facial was soothing and nourishing and she was able to make our faces feel nice and smooth!My facial was fantastic but I will not get a massage here again.  The staff at the Ritz should realize that not everyone who is a guest at their hotel and spa are  super wealthy.  My husband travels a lot, stays in Marriott Courtyards most of the time, and accrues a lot of points as a result.  Every couple of years we treat ourselves to a stay at a Ritz or a JW Marriott using points.  If I am going to also treat myself to a pricey massage, I really DO NOT WANT TO HEAR HOW MUCH MONEY THE MASSAGE THERAPIST IS BRINGING IN AND THEY CAN"T IMAGINE MAKING LESS THAN 6 FIGURES.   Tacky and inappropriate.  Not to mention I have had better massages for less $.  In sum, 5 stars for the facial.  No stars for the massage.I ALWAYS make an appointment of some sort when in town. For nails and toes must ask for Susan Sandra Yen or Lisa. Great job and you get what you pay for!!I spent a weekend in New Orleans with family and we decided to stop by the Spa to get a massage and relax.  The customer service there is amazing.  We arrived slightly late yet they were all extremely accommodating.  I got the hot stone massage.  I typically like a very deep tissue massage.  The hot stone massage is definitely not deep but it was very relaxing having the hot stones help with my circulation.  
One of the staffers, Djorn, was extremely kind and provided the type of amazing service you imagine a Ritz-Carlton would provide.  He even provided me an extra day pass for the next day because I didn't realize the spa was closing earlier than it was.  He really went out of his way to not only make me feel comfortable but also ensured I left a satisfied customer.Not only one of the best massages, but the best experience ever. I get massages somewhat frequently, but this was blew me away!! 
5 stars all around -- from service, to cleanliness, to the massage -- it's a MUST!I'm baaaaaaack!!!!!
Not my 1st time at this rodeo. Won't say I'm a frequent flyer, buuuuut I've been here a couple times before. And I'm sorry to say, this experience was no better... Lol. I said I wouldn't be returning, but I keep getting "treated" to this particular facility. And honestly, deeeeeeeep really deep down inside, I think that maybe, just maybe, it'll get better  but yeah; that's my thought, soooo until then, I'll finish my review. 
Sooooooo yeah where was I???? Oh yeah, so my masseuse, Gabby, was sub par. At the culmination of my services, I asked the folks at the front desk how long has she been here... 5 years they said... Ummmmm I was like "wait, what"?  My companion's masseuse was Mary, whom I hear was excellent. So I guess it's hit or miss. 
There was lots of noise made (inclusive of her stomach growling) during my session & as a result, I could NOT relax. And after she left the room, I had to wipe my own hands, as she left the oil on my hands. Ummmmmmm this was a no-no. How am I to redress with oil on my hands????? Ughhhhh.
I did however love the complimentary mimosa & champagne that I was presented with post massage. "Can I get a refill??? " (In my Elle Varner voice)
Due to renovations, the ladies lounge area was not available. So we were housed in the male's side, which was nice; but not nearly as nice as the ladies. 
Often times I almost get lost in this facility, I suggest you drop some breadcrumbs to find your way back to the front desk. 
I didn't use the hot tub, sauna, resistance pool or exercise equipment this time. But those are also available if you so desire. 
The ladies restroom is finished with sanitary needs, bobby pins, rubbers (scuncis) for your hair, q-tips, mouthwash, puffballs etc. Nice. Nice. Nice. 
All in all: 
The decor & the facility itself is wonderful; just some of the masseuses are hit or miss... Fyi!!!We came here while on our honeymoon, I treated my wife to a massage and myself to the facilities. 
With a day pass you can use the gym, showers, indoor pool, changing area, sauna, & steam room. While taking it easy, they offer you various juices, nuts, and complimentary champagne. The steam room is definitely the best steam room I have ever been in, very clean and they infuse the steam with a refreshing cucumber/mint something. The pool is sort of whimsical, it's got a very old design (50's glitz), it's also an endless pool where you could pretend to do laps against the strong wave.
Great place to relax, the staff is extremely helpful. I saw my 'valet' every 25 minutes or so, he asked if I needed anything and was very outgoing. The facility is extremely clean, and the staff is unpretentious. 
The Mrs. said it was the best deep tissue massage she has ever gotten. Would totally recommend this spa to anyone, it was voted in Travel & Leisure as the #1 hotel spa in the US & #2 in the world. Totally worth it.The spa experience is excellent. It's the Ritz. Exceptionally friendly, efficient and thorough staff. Djorn, who is also a personal trainer in the workout room, took excellent care of us and kept the champagne flowing for us. The lunch in the spa cage was delicious. 
I had a mani-pedi, hair and makeup application. Meena did a fabulous job with my fair and listened to everything I wanted.  Tiffany was fabulous with my makeup and I was very pleased. The false eyelashes she applied didn't budge until I peeled them off 24 hours later!!!My fiancé and I visited the Ritz Carlton Spa 2 days ago for what was suppose to be a romantic evening. When booking the reservation I told the receptionist I wanted to have time for the jacuzzi and steam room before our massage and that we had dinner plans that evening and wanted to go straight from the hotel. Deciding on a 5pm time would give us time to come early to use the amenities and an hour to get ready for dinner being that the receptionist stated they close at 7pm. Well needless to say the jacuzzi was broken as well as the steam room in the women's lounge and when my fiancé called to the front desk to inquire about the issue the gentlemen they sent to us stated "It has been broken and no one has come out to fix it yet." If it was broken, shouldn't you have stated that on the phone. Also the VERY nice host in the women's lounge stated the steam room has been broken as well. So fast forward to the massage. It's 5:05 and no one has come to acknowledge me about my 5:00 pm appt. So I texted my fiancé to ask has anyone come to get him, he stated "no" so I call the front desk and the make receptionist says "wow no one has come yet?, let me find out where they are" finally a lady comes and when I tell her I thought it started at 5 she says "o I'm sorry you had to wait" After being in the room, they explain the routine and stepped out at 5:12pm. Wait a few min I'll l say maybe 3 or so for us to get undressed and under the cover. They both came in we were faced down the therapists says we will go over a bit to cover the time you missed. Which they did not. Once the massage was done they were out of the room I picked up my phone and took a screen shot photo of the time 6pm on the dot. Anyways minutes into the massage the lights were still on, so my fiancé asked if they could turn it down. His massage therapist was so loud the entire time it was hard to relax, slamming doors, dropping things it was terrible. Both massages were mediocre at best and we get a massage atleast once a month.I was honestly just ready for it to be over. Once it was over we were back in our lounges and I hear on the radio they guy from the men's lounge call to the lady in the women's lounge "is she talking a shower because her guy is in here and I'm ready to go home" they very nice lady told me "honey don't you rush I'll take my time to clean you can shower, they guy is rushing your husband because he's ready to go home. How rude is that? NOT TO MENTION HE CALLED OVER THE RADIO SEVERAL TIMES. They last time he called the lady told me the guy was ready to close and I had to leave...I left with my hair wet, fresh out the shower in a t shirt and shorts and had to get ready for dinner in the car. Fast forward to checking out the receptionist asks me how was it and I told her it was disappointing and all the reasons why and she states "well leave you're number and I'll call you when everything is working if you want to come use it then", she next gives me the total, which was $105 more than it was suppose to be so I asked for a breakdown and she says "O I Added gratuity with your permission of course" first of all you did not have nor ask for my permission, 2nd did it sound like to her that we received services worthy of $105 dollar tip? And I am no cheap tipper, I have been a manager in the service industry in New Orleans for over 10yrs nor was this my first time at the spa,so they can go back and see I tip very well. The entire experience was below expectations for a $160 a person at that.Cozy spa with friendly staff. The robes were comfy. They have beds to lay on up there too. My massage was excellent. If I ever go back to the New Orleans ritz Carlton I'll be back in the spa frequently.Hands down... One of the best spa experiences in my life. They are friendly, attentive, and accommodating.  From the initial tour of everything I had access to in the facility to the fantastic massage to chillin in the relaxation room afterwards... I loved it. They offer champagne, mimosas, snacks, cucumber water, fresh fruit, etc. Highlight of my NOLA visitI love this spa! I have been here for massages, manicures, pedicures, scrubs and hairstyles. The people are friendly, professional and the atmosphere is what really makes it. The relaxation area with the big comfy chairs and couch, soft music, fruit and water/tea is like heaven. The locker room has wonderful amenities and the soap/shampoo that smells amazing! If you are getting a spa service, you can also use the fitness center, hot tub and pool- awesome! Make a day of it.Not as good as other Ritz spas.  The facilities are shockingly lacking, but the service was very good.  Very helpful and friendly staff.  
However, the hot tub is located in a very small coed pool area, which you can only access through the gym on the first floor (locker rooms are on the second).  It's quite the annoying trek, and you have to wear a bathing suit and negotiate lots of marble stairs in your wet feet.  Yes, they give you spa slippers, but I was still afraid of slipping.  
The dry sauna and steam rooms were not that hot temperature-wise, and the floor boards in the sauna had seen better days--very rickety.  I had to search and search for towels, which are only in one location and not anywhere near the sauna/steam rooms.  They did have iced face towels outside of each, which was a nice touch. 
The biggest problem with the locker room is that the "quiet" waiting area is far from quiet.  There are some great lounging couches/day beds, but unfortunately, they're located next to this door which slams shut each time staff goes in and out, which was very frequently.
Finally--the treatment.  I got the 50 minute Vichy Warm Stone Massage, which was the most decadent treatment I've had.  Hot water cascades down your body during the entire treatment as you are massaged with hot stones and oils.  I felt guilty for wasting so much water, but it was so relaxing.  So I guess I didnt feel that guilty.  Anyway, the $25 shampoo add-on was NOT worth it.  It just took time away from other body parts being massaged, and my hair did not feel very clean afterward--just very oily.  
In all, while I really liked the treatment, I like a full service spa when on vacation, and the facilities just didnt not measure-up.I've been to the Ritz NOLA Spa 3 times now. Twice for balls to the wall, full couple's days & once for a spur of the moment couple's massage. So, obviously I like it & it's the best spa I've seen in NOLA (Gotta have a steam room). But it's not perfect, hence the 2 star deduction.
Facilities: Unfortunately, each lounge is gender segregated. Given my boobs & vagina, I'm relegated to the loquacious hell that is the Women's Lounge:  
Relaxation Area: This area is beautifully appointed & would be a nice place to chill or nap between services, only it's not. Why? Because women won't shut the hell up! While there is a sign indicating the prohibition of cell use in this area, there is apparently no policy to curtail other noise. How cell phone chatting is different from racket in person is a mystery apparently known only to the Ritz Carlton.
The 1st time I was here there was an excruciatingly loud bachelorette party that made any attempts to relax completely futile. And when I was there recently, 2 hens squawked for over 2 hours. No one is that interesting. Each time I spoke to staff about the racket. The responses, "It gets busy on the weekends." Apparently I have to take a day off during the week if I actually want to relax in the Ritz's "relaxation" lounge.
Vanity Area: Vanities, toilets, showers, sauna & steam room. I'm not a fan of dry saunas, so I can't speak intelligently on the Ritz's. However, their steam room, replete with icy, cucumber washrags, is sublime. The temperature is always just hot enough, but not suffocating.  
It's also worth noting that there is something of a "secret" shower, between the sauna and the steam room. While there is a line of perfectly great regular showers, this separate shower has all the multi-jet bells and whistles.
There's also an extensive selection of products and beauty tools, such as shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, deodorant, shaving cream, hair gel, moisturizer, hair dryers, curling irons, flat irons, combs, brushes & even sugar to give yourself a good scrub. Note however that for those of you with curly hair, they do not have volumizing diffusers, so bring your own. Don't be like the woman who asked to borrow mine because the answer is no. I'd rather chew broken glass than let a stranger mash my diffuser into her hair.
Locker room: Pretty standard with lockers and benches. Plenty of room & a changing room with a door for the self conscious.
The Men's Lounge: Sadly, I've never been in the men's lounge. But my man tells me it's a magical place where no one talks. They also have a TV. So unfair.
Hot Tub/Pool: This indoor area is accessible through the fitness room. It's coed, so you need a swimsuit if you want to go into the water.  But my man and I did just fine dipping our legs into the pool in our robes and it was a nice respite from the women's "relaxation" area.
Staff: Aside from either an unwillingness or an inability to do anything about the noise, the staff is efficient, friendly, attentive and skilled. You'll never go very long before you see someone in the Women's Lounge if you need anything.
Services:
Apothecary Scrub Bar: You pick out a scrub, oil, & an herb. Then you lie down on a table where you're either being cascaded with water from a multi-nozzle shower arm overhead or scrubbed thoroughly, all before an application of moisturizer. This is my favorite service & Beth was awesome.  She also recommended the cafe au lait body polish ($10 cheaper than the Apothecary) in the future & even gave me a sample of the cafe au lait scrub.
80 Min. Couple's Massage: Just what it sounds like. We get Swedish, and the pressure is always just right. My only complaint here is that the massage room is apparently right under a guest room & the sound of high heels clicking & clacking back and forth from above during my recent visit was more than a little annoying.
Signature Facial: My face felt wonderful after & again, Beth was the bomb!  Includes an extraction & a hand, arm & scalp massage.
Couple's Bath: A private bath in a nice, lighted hot tub with candles, roses & champagne. Nice, but overpriced at only 20 mins. Skip it unless you have a crummy little bathroom like mine.
Deluxe Mani/Pedi: The included massage & paraffin felt great & the couple's, side by side pedi is fun. But if you're more interested in the results, spend less money elsewhere.  I've seen better polish application & their nail technicians just don't understand that "rounded" means NO square edges, not even where the nail meets the digit.  Also, their pedi chair felt more like being beaten with a sack of potatoes than a massage.  I couldn't adjust my chair, so perhaps this potato beat down was just because the chair was broken & stalled at the strongest setting.Yes! Yes! Yes! This is by far my favorite spa. I have been going here since 2008. I usually go for a Brazilian. I will not let any other place touch me. I only book Marianella. She's been there FOREVER! She's so sweet and gentle which is important. It is a bit pricey but you have access to the pool and jacuzzi for the day. The shop downstairs is so cute and offers some sweet smelling toiletries. I'll say if you want your hooha in great hands, book Mari!The spa lobby and shop is beautiful, but the facilities, women's lounge, and wet areas looked dated. Service was really prompt and nice and online booking was super easy. It took a hot second to find the spa, but it's tucked away in a beautiful oasis and the indoor fountain really gave it a wow factor when I first entered. 
The changing area has a lot of lockers, and it was pretty clean, I was then give a short tour of the facilities and then shown to the relaxation area. The area had plenty of seating. Very plush and comfortable but in a fussy kind of way. Think daybeds and divans instead of streamlined. The spa snacks were pre-packages nuts and dried bananas and they also had fresh apples. The drink options were abundant! 
I had booked an Ayurvedic scrub and massage and the therapist I had was...different. The entire 80min felt frenzied and rushed. The website gives a wonderful description of what the scrub is, but the therapist didn't talk about it at all with me. She just proceeded with the experience in a very rigorous manner without even mentioning the skin or health benefits. The massage was equally disconcerting and mechanical. Lots of thumbs and forearms. I actually did fall asleep halfway through, though, so I don't think it was bad--just very abrupt. 
The steam room was a huge disappointment. It wasn't steamy and didn't even get very warm. The sauna was better but, really, how can you go wrong in a sauna? The showers were dark and dated, nothing special there. There were a lot of baskets for used towels and the usual spa amenities such as razors, lotion, etc. There are two baskets of hair styling tools such as blow dryers and different barrel-sized curling irons. I thought that was a nice touch if the curling tools actually worked. I plugged two different ones in and it took so long to heat up that I just gave up on both. 
Overall, I expect better from the Ritz. The lounge area is nice, but everything else can use a serious makeover.Was very excited for a spa day to end the year, but sadly this spa isn't a typical Ritz Carlton spa.  My massage was good (husband said his was very good), but the amenities is the spa weren't that impressive.  The wet area was pretty small, and the women's steam room was out of service. While most lounges have a mixture of snacks (fruit, nuts, etc.) this one only had apples and mints. So, while you are paying standard Ritz prices, you don't get the standard Ritz experience.Just ok.  The spa is nice but it looks a bit dated and the amenities are just not as nice as you might expect from the Ritz.  Knocked off a star because my massage was not great.Enjoyed our pampered time here! The staff was great and they really do pamper you. From the lounge, to the relaxation room, and the help yourself drinks and snacks! 
My therapist was great... she worked on my problem spots and really enjoyed her magical/healing hands. They found out it was my birthday and gave me some great birthday gifts from the spa store. Thank you Ritz spa! Will sure book another massage when and if we go back!!The facilities are great. They have everything you can want for a luxury spa experience. My issue was that the massages were only ok. My therapist seemed to have a difficult time talking and working at the same time and kept talking long after I stopped. My friend I was with said her massages was also only ok, nothing amazing.Second time going and it was so nice.  Took sister in laws and slide for a day of spa and had champagne in the relaxing area before we had treatments.  Amazing massages and then sat in eucalyptus sauna and showered and got ready for an evening of snacks and drinks at the Davenport Lounge located at the Ritz Carlton.  We were treated so lovely at the spa.  Must go!!Shout out to Star- she is a fantastic massage therapist. I felt like a new person after an hour of her working out my low back and shoulder blades. The only reason I didn't give this spa three stars is because of her. Otherwise, this place is the lowest end experience of any Ritz or other high end hotel spa. It was pitiful. Stains on the couches, a tiny sauna, limited offerings. It may be that they are in the process of upgrading... or so I hope. Cause there's no possible explanation for what they currently offer as a spa.In my line of work I spend a great deal of time going to conferences all over the United States. I have had the opportunity to experience a number of schmancy hotels but this Ritz Carlton is by far my favorite.
If you were looking for a great place to host conferences, etc. The Ritz Carlton will work with you to help make the experience affordable and memorable. From the menus, to the venues. From the courtyard to the ballrooms. Everything is perfection.
I think what I find most humorous in having worked with this hotel on conference business is that my conference attendees commented most often about how much they loved the gardenia candle in the lobby. I have to admit, though. It is a pretty damn awesome candle.
In the conference managers at the hotel are top notch! I can't say enough about how great they are! I only wish I could host every conference here.I was treated to a full on body massage for my birthday this March 2010 & was expecting exemplary treatment. While the facilities are up to par with the decor of the hotel, the services within the spa are just above average. I've had better at local spas. I won't be returning.I got a gift card for Christmas for a massage and it was well worth it! The staff escorts you to the lounge where there are warm towels, a sauna, a steam room, showers and water. They treat you like royalty and the place makes you feel like a king.I like to think I'm no novice when it comes to spa treatments. Aimee, massage therapist, was excellent. The set up is a bit of a maze n their is no coed lounge. The people waiting there are bit louder than I would like but hey its new orleans n im sure everybody has a story to tell.This spa is NO WHERE near as nice as other locations I have visited in the past and cost significantly more for a day pass than the other much nicer locations in other cities. The day pass was 75 dollars for non guests. That's 25 more dollars than the Ritz Carlton in Orlando and Miami which happen to have much nicer facilities. Its just not worth it. Not at this place. Never again! 75 dollars to just use the hot tub, pool, and locker room is just excessive, even for the Ritz Carlton. I have been to many in various cities and this one was the most expensive for a day pass.This was a disappointing experience given that Ritz Carlton stands for luxury. 
The amenities: nothing to ride home about. The space is small but they could make up for it by updating the place. The furniture is worn out, there's not much selection of beverages or fruits - only apples, mints & tea in the relaxation area. 
There were no ceramic mugs/cups - all I saw were plastic coffee cups?! (Yikes!). The locker rooms were also very plain and worn out. 
There was a lack of magazine selection and I saw a plastic sign on one of the tables. Again plastic, these things take away from the experience. 
The service: the massage was good. Angel, the therapist, was very nice & professional. She did a great job. Thank you, Angel! 
Would I come back? No. I've been to other Ritz Carlton spas and this one doesn't measure up. 
The spas at Grand Cayman & Dorado Reserve are superb! Those are definitely #RCMemories ...First time in New Orleans, and after hitting Bourbon Street till 4 AM--desperately needed to locate a steam & sauna for detox. Made some phone calls and reached a verdict to go to the Ritz-Carlton Spa. The two Spa receptionists--both women --that worked the shift on Saturday, September 10th 2016 around 4 P.M. were PHENOMENAL PEOPLE. I am sending this 4 years later because it was stuck in my drafts. You can't forget a great experience - especially at a Spa! Who Dat!!!I was really excited to book a couples massage here for me and my guy on today. For a 50 min couples massage for me & bf, w 20% gratuity, it was $408. I def don't feel my massage or experience justified the price.  The massage may have 4 stars but service was closer to 2 stars. I've never been to this location and asked to be shown around, that didn't happen, nor was I offered anything to drink or complimentary champagne. I'm sorry, for $408, I should at least be offered the bells and whistles. Also the receptionist seemed a little annoyed with any questions. 
Other than that, the spa is clean and the decor is wonderful. Can't say I'll be back tho. Super bummed.I had a great experience here today. I called at 1pm and the receptionist was able to get me an appointment for 3pm.
The customer service is amazing!i was ushered upstairs and taken through the place. I met my wonderful therapist who was excellent. Get the additional hot stone melt for $25. You won't regret it.While making your appointment, make sure you ask if all the amenities are working, when I went 2 rooms weren't working. The price is also on the higher end which means everything should work. The staff was friendly and kind, the massage itself was just okay, I mentioned my back was incredibly stiff and needed work but she didn't spend a lot of time on it, after the massage ended I told her and my masseuse gave me a little balm to use on my back for free which was nice. During checkout gratuity is automatically applied at 20% and I'd rather like to choose. Lastly, the prices online did not reflect the price I received at the end so just make sure you ask the price beforehand as well. Overall just an average spa experience that's not worth the hefty price.Jessica gave me an in-room massage and I cannot begin to tell you how wonderful it was!!! I get regular massages at home but no one has ever been able to get into my hip bursitis the way she did- it was instant relief!!! Her technique is incredible, she's absolutely professional and I cannot wait until my next one!!!!This review is based on my experiences with one therapist only, Ted, massage therapist.  He is a true find in the Big Easy.  Don't let the fact that he works in a hotel spa turn you away from giving him a place on your "must haves" list.  He's a miracle worker and it was proven today during Yoga when I was able to stretch deeper into those challenging poses. His ability to connect with the body, sense where the muscles need a bit more coaxing is very strong.  You get a feeling of being grounded to his movements and will your body to succumb to the good and leave the bad   
I see him 1-2x each week that I'm in town.  No doubt he makes a difference.
The only thing I would adjust to the entire experience is the ability to allow the customer to select their own choice of music.  Like a few other spas, I've been to where you plug in your own ipod, iphone, etc.This was a really great spa experience for my girlfriend's baptism/joining the church weekend! They were able to accommodate 12 moms and daughters! It was a little small in the pedicure area but the quiet rooms, sauna, and steam room provided us with ample space. I highly recommend this place for a lady weekend to NOLA.I went here with my mom who was visiting from out of town. We have frequented the Ritz Spa in White Plains, NY, so we figured we'd give this a shot. It was INCREDIBLE. Very well appointed, and my massage with Christopher was one of the best I've ever had. I will certainly be going back!  Locals tip - they offer 20% off to Louisiana residents!The spa 'experience' was great, but the massage itself was just okay.  I was given a massage for my birthday since I was staying at the Ritz for a work meeting.  I called down and was able to get a same-day appointment for a cafe au lait massage.  I was greeted, and then Maria (I think?) took me up to the ladies lounge area and showed me around.  She was very friendly and helpful.  I had a few minutes to sit in the relaxation room before I was called for my massage appointment.  
The massage was okay.  My massage therapist was nice, but I felt like she was always rushing during my massage.  She moved very quickly and was sort of slamming things, which took away from the whole experience.  When she recovered my feet she didn't pull the cover back over both feet so one foot was sticking out.  I also think she missed missed doing one of my hands/wrist and just went on to the next thing.  Also, in the pre-massage consultation I had told her that my upper neck was having issues, and she said she'd focus on that area a bit (she even repeated "upper neck" back to me).  However, during the massage, she didn't touch my upper neck once.  She spent a lot of time on my lower neck and shoulders, which was nice, but a bit disappointing when she had said she'd focus on that other area.  Overall, the massage was nice, but not the best massage experience I've had, and I expected a bit more from a high-end place like this.
The ladies lounge area was quite nice; as other reviews mention they've got tea, cucumber water, etc.  After my massage, I had a glass of wine (my massage therapist even ran down to the hotel bar to get a bottle of what I requested, as they were out upstairs), and I sat in the relaxation room and enjoyed it.  I didn't realize that they were closing until Maria came by and said that she was going to start cleaning up a bit.  I apologized, not realizing how late it was, and she insisted that I stay until I was ready to leave.  That was very nice.
As it was a gift, all the arrangements were done via phone, and I didn't have to do anyting with payment so that part was easy.  And the, spa even gave me a little gift (candle) and a card since it was my birthday.  So, overall, the spa experience was wonderful, but the massage itself left some things to be desired, so I can't give a higher review.Thank you team for taking a negative experience to end on a positive experience. I had booked a hair appt through the website. On Saturday when I appeared for my appt, they could not find me anywhere in the system. I had planned to get my hair done for a wedding that evening. The ladies upfront did everything they could to work me in. My hair looked great. Thank you for accommodating me.This is a review of both a massage service and the facilities.
Arrived to the front desk with a very unprofessional check in. They try to be discrete and radio with their sleeve and in ear pieces that I arrived, but all their radios are so loud it's just tacky. 
Male spa attendant came down to get me and pants sagging and talking loudly. Gives me a tour of their grungy facilities. Steam room just kind of gross with no hose or shower inside the steam room which is gross. Sauna is a bit run down. The locker room is also dated. Pieces of fruit and water and tea available. Nothing special. 
Male spa attendant stood and watched the Saints game the whole time I was in the relaxation lounge and was obnoxious. Then one of his colleagues spoke to him and later I found him hanging out in the downstairs gym watching the game. Ridiculous. He was no where to be found while I was up there.
Massage was fine but not worth the price.
Resistance pool is worthless. The jets don't do a thing. It's supposed to be a pool you can swim laps against the current but that wasn't the case at all. I got out. Hot tub was burning hot and only half filled with water which was odd. 
The whole area of the spa and pools are terribly dated. The fitness facility is only mediocre but has plenty of equipment.  No view. Courtyard Marriott guests next door can use the facilities which is odd. Don't love that. 
All in all, I'm being kind with 2 stars. Won't return. Nothing luxurious here.I went to New Orleans recently for a vacation and on a whim decided to try the spa at the Ritz. I am so glad that I did because it was one of the major highlights of my trip. I got a hydra facial for the first time and my skin felt amazing. Amy was my esthetician and she was absolutely wonderful! She was so knowledgeable and detailed. A week later, and my skin still looks great. I recommend her to anyone wanting a great facial and experience at a spa. Also the facility was beautiful and the spa attendant, Maria, was so sweet. Big thumbs up for the spa.I recently hit gold status at Ritz, which has several perks.  One is Club access (did not spend a penny on food or drink this trip), room upgrades (had a huge corner suite with a fireplace and a tub bigger than my home bath) and a $100 "recreational" credit.  I used the credit for a much-needed haircut.
Like everything at Ritz, the spa is tricky to find.  The resort is actually 3 different hotels.  The Spa is on the 2nd level of the Marriot (Dauphine St.) side.  The price was less than what I would have spent at my usual salon.  My technician was extremely personable and my wait time was absolutely zero.  She listened to what I wanted and delivered - or close enough.  It is still a little longer than I like, but after twice asking for it to be shortened a bit more I felt I was being bothersome.
The salon itself is not eye-popping by any means.  I did chat with another hotel guest who raved on her mani/pedi.  My next scheduled stay is about the time for another trim and I won't hesitate to use my hotel credit on it.
Side note:  You can't use that credit for valet parking!  You would think they would at least throw in a car wash and oil change for the price...Just got done with our couples $350 1 hour massage. I'm ok with the price because I'm accustom to the Ritz Carlton. But I felt like I rushed through the process and rushed showing me the facilities. My masseuse asked me what type of massage I would like. I asked for deep tissue and I told her she can go as hard as she liked. So after about 10 min into it I explained she can go harder and she did for about 30 seconds and then she went back to the normal soft rubbing. Once again I asked for her to go deeper after another 10 minutes. Same thing again. At that point I just figured it was an expensive nap and I should of hit the lil massage places on the side of the street. The best part of the experience was when my wife and I were walking out and I asked her how her massage was and she said she liked the shower and we both laughed and I agreed as well. The showers there do rock!The most sublime place ever! Pure opulence! It smells like glory and mental health and physical wellness and clouds and Majesty. Every single time I was down there I felt like it was otherworldly! This place is amazing...truly truly amazing.
(I am, like, legitimately thinking about it in my head and automatically my body came into a deep relaxation state)I want to give this place a 3.5. I used to come here all the time... After my first visit there in a year, I'm a little disappointed. The spa at the ritz has long been my favorite and I would still consider it the best full service spa in New Orleans. With that said, the bar is relatively low.  This place is small but there is a fitness area, pools, steam rooms, sauna, showers & relaxation room.  However, all of these mentioned areas could be improved. A few of the towels I used in the ladies shower area even had holes in them. I wish the steam room had eucalyptus. The relaxation room didn't even have hot tea yesterday. Just iced tea. Also, no proper spa water. There were no iced cucumbers near shower area etc.
I enjoyed my facial for the most part. It was an 80 min facial which includes back exfoliation etc for the first 20 min. However the facial room I was in did. It have a proper massage bed with the piece to rest your face on. It's very uncomfortable laying facedown for 20-30 min in this situation. It was not relaxing. The aesthetician was also overly interested in "extractions" which caused my face to really break out today. Lastly; the shop at the ritz has really got to step it up. They use skin ceuticals products in facials, yet do not even have it on the shelves in the shop. Additionally, they got rid of several skin care lines and lingerie. I loved their eberjey pieces. Now it's just lululemon.  They also added some dismal cafe... I'm not sure what or who this is for but it doesn't add value to the spa whatsoever.
Facials at the ritz are pricier than other places in New Orleans. I will probably go some place more affordable for maintenance.After leaving a rather disappointing Spa experience, I was reminded of the last really special pampering appointment I had. Last month, I visited for a little R & R before a special occasion and was treated like absolute royalty. The spa was immaculate, spacious, aromatic and just what I needed. 
My massage therapist and pedicurist were both sweethearts. At the start of my pedi, I was offered a mimosa which I happily accepted.