Stopped by for a late lunch and fortunately could order the Saturday -Sunday only brunch offerings which are available till 2 pm (the menu says 3). Our timing also meant parking was abundant  even though we live only 2 blocks away. Due to the threat of rain as noted by The Weather Channel, we chose to eat inside instead of the tree shade covers patio.  
The MOJO Pulled pork is one of those brunch offerings and is very, very good. This selection is an ample serving of well shredded pork loaded with smoky flavor (and an subtle suggestion of black pepper).  Nice and moist and served on grilled toast. 
It is topped with 2 poached eggs -soft yokes and firm whites- and the flavors meld very well. The selection is served with a hearty sized portion of cheese grits and potatoes.
My wife chose the Mexican Scramble, also a weekend brunch only selection, which obviously was centered on scrambled eggs but incorporated sautéed onions, red, and green peppers. It likewise came with home fries and the tasty cheese grits. She was pleased with the traditional blend of Mexican spices. Flavor without the machismo heat. 
There is always a wide selection of mixed drinks, beers, and wines. My choice today was Abita's AndyGator. Tried and true liquid muscle relaxant especially if you are not driving.I was shocked how good the food was, the environment was cool with lots of unique paintings.Love the Velvet Cactus. The best hing on the menu is the Deep South taco. How can you go wrong with fried chicken, bacon, avocado, and sauce? Usually great service. And I love that when it is cold, if you eat outside, you can use a blanket and they have fire pits! The desserts are on the small side for the price. But the rest of the food is huge and you get a lot for what you pay for.Came here for happy hour for the first time with friends! Camille at the bar passed us by several times....SEVERAL TIMES! After she whispered something to the other bartender, we finally received service. Once we got our table the service and food was GREAT! We wanted to speak to the manager about the service at the bar but he was "busy". Eventually he came over ( about 20 minutes later) and my friend explained what happened. Overall this is a nice place and the food is really good!This place is awesome! There was a bit of a wait (the place is small), there is outdoor seating but it was raining. I ordered a margarita from the bar (I got what I paid for, in a good way). I love the decor of the restaurant...south western with a lot of funk! Our server was very knowledgable with the menu. We ordered the nachos which were to die for!! They have a lot of options for tacos, I ordered the Deep South and the Velvet Steak tacos, very good! They took tacos to a whole new level. Ingredients I would never put together ended up being delish! We left there completely stuffed and satisfied. We will definitely be back to try other items on the menu.I'm kicking myself in the ass for not eating here more last year.
I was turned off after my first visit when I ordered ceviche that was nearly inedible and was charge for a full extra shot when requesting a different tequila in my margarita. 
After nearly a year, I returned and now have an obsession with the place.  
First, the patio is awesome.  Basically take Bulldog and add some amazing margaritas.  Space is always limited though. Next, the margaritas are the best in the city.  A new summer special is the cucumber orange margarita. It is heavenly.  Fresh muddled orange and cucumber with agave nectar and a splash of sweet and sour. I do prefer a silver tequila over the standard but they haven't been able to figure out the upcharge issue so I have to just stick to what they give you. 
The food has been consistently good.  Not the best Mexican ever but very good (the best I've found in NOLA) .  The chili (amazing) and pork tacos are my favorite - the chicken tinga is damn good as well. The enchiladas need a little work.  The chicken is bland chunks of chicken rolled in a soggy tortilla barried under cheese and a teaspoon of salsa verde.  If you want them, request extra sauce, and light cheese. 
I would highly recommend this place.This place is the shiznit!! Get the white queso as an appetizer and the texas quesadilla as an entree. It is decorated beautifully and has a very pleasant vibe. Love this place!!!Number 1 place to get fantastic food, Margaritas and their special cocktails. Best place to be for Cinco! I am always happy to drive over the causeway just to eat here. 
 Tortilla soup-4/5 a little spicy but oh so good.
Tacos- 5/5 just wish whole wheat was an option. But, always how you want them.
 Salsa-2/5 warm salsa shouldn't be a thing.
 Margarita-5/5 always get one to go! 
 Nachos-3/5 too smoky not enough queso type cheese. 
 Cheese grits-4/5 get double and eat with chips(needs salt) and/or put it in your tacos!Was far from what i expected. If you're expecting Mexican flavour, pass. The wait staff was excellent. The drinks (margaritas) were great, but the food was nothing worthy of trying again.This was my second trip here in general and it didn't exceed my expectations. Ally was our server and she was phenomenal. She is the reason I have this review Four stars. The drinks were GREAT. The food, specifically the cheese grits, were out of this world. My only bad experience was this guy in the photos below. I guess he was the food runner. VERY RUDE. No communication skills whatsoever. He couldn't even take a few seconds to ask which dish was for which member in my party. He truly soured the entire experience. If you can find a way to avoid him at all costs, please do so!!I don't understand why this place is so popular. We went for a late lunch and it was still a 20 mins wait. 
Anyways, I attached a pic of their bizarre combination of baby shrimp- tiny!- with pickled onion and some sort of white sauce. Can't eat it!  The pork pilbil was dry but at least it was edible.
My child who loves Mexican rice didn't eat it since she said it has no flavor! We don't make a habit of returning food to the kitchen but her kid's chicken quesadilla came burnt! Even my husband's chicken fajita came with burnt pieces. The kitchen must be rushing the food by turning up the heat.
Also, the inside of the restaurant is lighted so dimly but it you look at the lights, they are so dusty and had cobwebs. That's probably why the lights are so dim. The place is dirty!
Anyways, what a disappointment! Not going back!!Both of the hostess and my waitress were rude for no reason. Acted annoyed that we were coming to eat there since we had a big party (15). Eye rolling, cutting me off, and ignoring me when i said thank you for escorting us to our seats. Only getting two stars because the food is good.It sucks that this place is so beautiful and has so much potential, yet it has terrible reviews. You won't really understand until you come and try it. The fact of the matter is, this place is just so beautiful. Whoever was so creative in decorating this place did a spectacular job. Just as all the other Yelpers have said, that only gets you so far. Everything is so overpriced. It'd be a different thing if the food was actually worth what you paid. It doesn't blow your mind enough to say "wow, yea that meal and that drink was with $40 just for me." 
If you want to get great Mexican food for the same price, go to El Gato Negro. That place is not only worth going to but worth the price. I wish I could've said better things about this place, but I'm no liar. I'm not going to make this place seem amazing when it's not. The food just didn't do it for me. The best thing I had on the menu was the queso dip and the guacamole as our appetizer. 
I hope this place gets its act together as far as the food and drinks are concerned. Either the prices need to be lowered or the quality of the food needs to blow my socks off. I wish them luck!One of my favorite places for good Mexican food in the city. Great atmosphere as well.I've been missing Tex-Mex for so long and this place hits the spot. The tortilla soup was spot-on, exactly what you'd get in Texas. The Dip trio is fantastic. I had the brisket tacos, he had the Mayan Quesadillas it was all great. Bryson and Gina took exceptional care of us at the bar. We'll be back!Completely unprofessional, take out was missing several order pieces and when I asked the waiter to correct it he blatantly lied to me. When I called him out on this he reluctantly pushed it onto someone else. Lack of integrity from the staff, extreme wait time for food, NOT WORTH IT.I've been going to Velvet Cactus for almost 3 years. The quality of food is consistently good. 
I grew up on Tex-Mex (high and low quality) and traditional Mexican food from my home. I'm not writing this review comparing VC to my previous Mexican food history. 
 With that being said I'm going to highlight why I gave them 4 stars. 
Chef Tacos: Ever wonder what your favorite dish would taste like if you wrapped it in a tortilla? I would swing by this place to find out. Thai food in a taco? Delicious.  Smoked BBQ brisket in a taco? Done. Shrimp po'boy taco...dressed? Hell to the yeah! 
Margaritas: Excellent selection of tequila and flavors to accommodate their happy hours. They have a solid house marg sans the orange. 
Art decor: This place is very aesthetically please to the eyes. Large amounts of local art strung throughout the place. It's nice dine and drink and say, "Hey! I've seen that piece before!" They also have "The Kramer."
Also, ask for Brent! He's amazing!I like the outdoor area. We went on a Sunday and sat outside. I had the pineapple cilantro margarita. Ceviche was good. Chips and salsa average. I have had better Mexican. Fun place. Food just ok.Great food.  Loved the decor.  Lots of food per dish and the queso dip was wonderful.  It only gets 4 stars because it is one of the noisiest places I've been to and parking was a challenge.  That wouldn't keep me from coming back but I wouldn't bring my elderly mother and aunt with me next time.  It was very hard to hold a conversation at the table.  But the food was really good.Its been a while since I had been here but my return visit today reminded me of the cool artsy decor and top notch patio. The music selection is lively and they have TVs on the patio and bar to watch sports. The food can be a little hit or miss but overall fresh good quality Mexican food. Defiantly worth checkin out.So it's been about 2 1/2 years since we last came to velvet cactus. Mainly because we dreaded the long hour wait for a table because of how popular it is.
Well we went again last night and to our surprise, we were seated right away. Our server came right over and took our drink orders, then brought the drinks to our table within a minute or so. Took our appetizer and main dish orders and our food was ready within 10 minutes.
I got the Mayan quesadillas   and they were amazing! Best quesadillas I have  ever had! My husband got the pork tacos with the fried sweet plantains and beans and he said his was amazing too. For the appetizer, we had the queso and that was delicious too.
We will definitely be coming back more often now!! Great service, great good!!I knew the reviews weren't great, but decided to give this place a try. And it was packed on a Thursday night...maybe it's because of their extensive outdoor seating and the gorgeous weather.  We ended up inside, but that' was OK since the enormous garage doors were open.
The chips were delicious, very fresh and tasty. The salsa was a bit meh, but OK.  We had a couple of different tacos..fried fish was deemed OK, the grilled shrimp were really tasty, the vegetarian tacos...were really weird and odd tasting.  And the baja quesadilla was gone so I'm guessing it was good.  The tres leches cake was served in a bowl of milk which may be off putting for some.
Big warning...the sangrias here are fortified. The white sangria has a lot of rum and the red has brandy.  So be prepared for that...I should have read the menu better.
Service was indifferent to odd.My family and I love the Velvet Cactus, the outdoor seating is perfect for New Orleans when the weather cooperates and there is indoor seating and a great bar as well.  My husband and I always get the nachos and share them, it's a huge portion and makes a meal for the two of us.  My favorite margarita is the Velvet Heat, it has habanero infused simple syrup, just enough heat.  I also love the skinnyrita a frozen margarita made in house that is only 100 calories.Our group thought the visit was great! We had various margaritas and the sangria (delicious) and then we had dinner and loved the tacos off the taco plates menu - fun combinations! I had mine with the tortilla soup which I really liked. Specifically, the smoked brisket taco was a big hit!Don't bother eating a full meal here. After my blissful happy hour experience, I returned a couple of weeks later for dinner and was very disappointed.  The food was good, but the portions were small and overpriced.  We very much enjoyed the ceviche, though, and the chips and salsa were super delicious - I'd stick by the appetizers & come for drinks but never a meal.We had to give this place a few months after opening for it to "calm down" and actually be able to get a table without having to resort to violence or bribery.  I left thinking "That was it?  That was what all of the hullabaloo was about?"
From the street, this place looks mammoth but once you're in it, the size literally shrinks in front of you.  There is an awesome patio and luckily when we went the weather was bearable to dine al freso.  This place is extremely casual and more like an after-work, grab a few beers and tacos with friends, and call it a night.  If you're looking for a romantic dinner place to propose to your fiance, do yourself a favor and ask him/her in the car!
I guess there was soo much buzz about this place before it opened that the final product was a bit of a let-down, or maybe just not what I expected.  With that being said, the food was just ok.  The guacamole was bland but the salsa that came with the chips was rockin'.  I ordered the fish tacos and my date ordered the shrimp corona,  I know my date wasn't too thrilled with her meal but I don't remember the specifics of the complaints.  However, I do remember mine.  The fish was breaded in unseasoned flour which was a let down, but the sauce and the rest of the taco was incredible.  The side i chose was the grilled veggies served on a kabob.  I couldn't eat them.  There was so much seasoning the vegetables were inedible.
The service was right on and in general I do like the vibe of the laid back, bar/TV watching atmosphere.  The servers are dressed in t-shirts but they are all the same and the overall the front of the house seemed to be running like a well oiled machine.  I can't give this place more than 3 stars because the food was sub-par, at best. I will be back for a few beers and a taco, though.There was a 45 minute wait for a table, which considering we arrives at 7:30 on a Saturday is not too bad. My husband grabbed drinks from the bar and it was an enjoyable wait outside in the restaurants atmosphere. My husband got a cucumber jalapeno margarita and loved it. He says it had just the right amount of spice. 
As with most Mexican restaurants, you get chips & salsa upon being seated. The salsa was very yummy. We ordered cup of queso and it was some of the best I've had. 
I ordered their dinner combo, the Rico Suave. It comes with 2 enchiladas + 1 taco. I chose beef for both and asked for rice & refried beans as my sides. I like to compare a basic beef taco, rice, & bean combo at every Mexican restaurant I eat at. I read up on reviews before eating here and went into it expecting to be disappointed in some way. That way ended up being that they gave me their chipotle cheddar grits + drunken beans rather than my rice + beans, but their grits are just so good I didn't speak up to tell them. The enchiladas were exactly what you would want from a beef enchilada and the taco included black olives instead of tomatoes. I think I don't want to eat a taco any other way now. 
Everyone else in my party loved their orders and the prices are so good for the amount & quality of food that you get. We plan to return soon (when I'm not pregnant so I can also enjoy a jalapeno margarita).delicious food and margs! the jerk chicken skewers, cerviche, healthy heart chicken dish and Guac are my favs!Mexican food with a funky New Orleans twist. Food was great, service was even better, just not quite a 5 star meal. Probably just because I am used to getting Mexican food so inexpensively and this was a little pricey for Mexican food though only by Mexican food standards. The place was very cleverly decorated and we loved the wait staff uniforms. They each had on a black t-shirt from a favorite band. Overall a good experience and would be a 4.5 if I could but just shy of the 5.I love this place. The funky setting, great drinks and delicious food. Awesome patio to relax on during longer wait times. 
If you're sensitive to noise, this place is not ideal.Great local place to go. The Ambiance is great and the food always consistent.I actually enjoy myself when I go here. The Margeritas are delicious! And I love the atmosphere with the outdoor patio and fountain. The wait staff is friendly and the service is fantastic. 
The reason I'm giving it a 3/5 is the food. When the place first opened, the menu was simple and delicious. As most successful restaurants do, they added more to the menu. However, I miss the simplicity of the place. I also had the veggie tacos, and it was OVERLOADED with mushrooms. It tasted so slimy I was practically gagging throughout the meal. I would have sent it back, but we were pressed for time. The taco soup, however, was delicious. 
I'm definitely going to go back but only to drink. I'm STILL nauseous when I think of the slimy, mushroom taco. YUCK!Usually not a big fan of Mexican food but this place is pretty good. They're always busy and offer inside and outside seating with a great atmosphere.
Parking. Exiting from the side parking is weird.Don't believe the naysayers. It's a fun, exciting experience. The atmosphere rates a 5 out of 5. The food, a 4 of 5. The service is pretty darn good, considering how busy they were. Prices are reasonable. You feel like you're on vacation when you're there!! :-)Cute
Lots of variety
Patron margaritas are delicious
Atmosphere good
We had shrimp tacos, fried chicken tacos & steak tacos
Nachos sampler 
All good
Price was decent 
Parking easyThe place is beautiful, but the food is very disappointing. First of all, we were seated, served chips and salsa, and then didn't see a server for at least 10 minutes. It seems that no one knew who was waiting on our table. But on to the food: The chips & salsa and the queso w/ beef were the highlights of the meal. I ordered the steak and shrimp fajitas, and my friend had the three enchiladas plate (pork, cheese, and ground beef). The waiter said how great the burrocha (sp?) beans were, so I tried them - NOT TASTY AT ALL. My friend had the black beans, and they almost tasted the same- bland. There is nothing about this restaurant that would make me want to go back. I'd much rather eat at El Gato Negro, Superior Grill, or Juan's.I've been to the velvet cactus multiple times since they opened a few years ago but today was probably the best experience I've ever had. Although they are a little overpriced for Mexican food, due to the area they are located in I don't blame them. But our service was phenomenal! From the minute we sat down until we had to check out with the waiter. Shout out to Dane! He was so attentive and refilled the chips when he saw that all was left was broken ones. The family grill plate is perfect for a family of four! Such a family friendly restaurant and can't wait to come back.Go here for the drink specials and chips & salsa. Skip the food!!
Darn, I really thought was going to love this place. I have wanted to go here for a long time. Artsy/Quirky/Colorful and Mexican food is totally up my alley! The food though.. ugh, just doesn't cut it.
I knew I wanted to come here for my birthday. Being from Southern California, I know good Mexican food and this place is not serving it. I checked out the website way in advance and signed up for their birthday coupon. (Cool idea by the way!) They emailed me a coupon when my birthday was near for either a free house Margarita or a dessert under $8.00.
We drove over on a Wednesday evening and the place was packed. The parking is a cluster f**k but we lucked out and got a spot in front. We chose to sit on the patio as it is absolutely gorgeous. I give 5 stars for the patio! There are trees covering the area with all kinds of colorful lights strewn across. They have fans all around and the temperature was fine. There is a decorative fountain on one side and they play good music. The whole place is very noisy but the patio is a tiny bit quieter.
The waiter brought us a very large bowl of chips and salsa. Yay!! He took our order and wrote nothing down. Which, of course led him to forget my free drink. I hoped to get the Watermelon Margarita they featured - willing to pay the extra balance on it, but he said no substitutions. Grr... My only choice was whether I wanted it on the rocks or frozen. I chose on the rocks. I had to remind him twice to bring it. The food came out so quick, that by the time he finally brought it - it was kind of late. It was SUPER strong! Yikes! I can see why everyone comes here to drink!
The food...ugh - I'd give it 2 stars. I got the combination plate with enchiladas and a grilled fish taco. The taco was edible. The enchiladas were so-so. The refried beans were disgusting and had an awful taste. My boyfriend got 2 appetizers as his dinner. He got the chicken flautas. We are used to flautas being fried only in their flour tortilla. These were in a batter and fried - not very good. He also got some fried crawfish thing that was sort of like a fried burrito with something..also covered in a batter. I don't recall the odd name, but we couldn't eat it. It tasted lousy. He said the only good thing he ate were the chips. Bummer..
We probably won't be coming back here. However, I did love that patio and the Fiestaware dishes they served the food on!!I really really want to like this place. Been here a few times - cute patio - good service - good drinks but...... The food is the weirdest tex/mex ...... The brisket enchilada tastes like I should be eating a bbq sandwich but with the wrong sauce - the steak taco was over seasoned beef with a fake fajita flavor bathed in a really heavy chipotle mayo (wth??) chunk of mango and so many slices of jalapeño it was inedible - the guac was good but the salsa is served warm (again wth???) the 2 enchiladas (1green & 1 red) was covered with so much cheese you couldn't tell by looking at it what was what. The food feels like someone is trying too hard to be too creative and messing it up - sometimes less flavors is more folks - and I love tex/mex - this food is just weird. Good service and atmosphere though.The customer service was excellent !!! The food was great !!! We had a nice waiter and he explain to us what to order . We are going backVegan tacos + strong drinks = good out of the norm place to go
I was so excited to go here as I had heard so much hype around it.  I loved their vegan tacos and I am so glad they had them on the menu.  Their drinks were super strong which is good but be careful!  Over all the food and drinks and chips were excellent.  
My one negative to this place is only negative because I am a vegetarian.  One of my coworkers had said that her dish was really smokey.  I don't eat meat so i wasnt worried.  That was until the entire room smelled like smoked meat.  It took my breath away and even my meat eating friends were thrown by it.  It went away after about 5 minutes but i will have to say it was a bit unpleasant.  No one at my table had even ordered anything yet!
But back to the good.  I would highly recommend this place to people looking for a new spot for food and drinks.  They are still seating people outside with heaters so get there early if you want to eat without a blanket around you.  I will def go back and get the vegan tacos and only one drink this time!As far as New Orleans Mexican goes, this is some of the best I've had. There aren't too many options for Mexican here, at least not as many as Atlanta, and since this place is a little further out, I didn't try it until this last year. They have a really cool space that seems out in the middle of nowhere to me, but my friend lives in Uptown so I'm used to being in the city. The space is half inside, half a gorgeous patio (that sadly weather has not allowed me to sit on yet!) and the decor is very cool. I believe everything inside is by local artists and I really love looking at all the different perspectives. 
For drinks, naturally I gravitate towards the margaritas. I've been twice and have tried both the Original and Skinny (can't recall the official name) frozen margaritas. Anywhere that offers a skinny FROZEN marg is ok by me. It definitely tastes sugar free, but is packed with alcohol. I also tried the white sangria last night (ordered red, but you know), and I was not a fan. It was much too sweet for me, but I'm usually not a fan of white sangria in general so if that's your jam, you should probably try it.
Their nachos are amazing. I mean I just cannot say enough good things. Even the veggie nachos are jam packed with the toppings (which include both queso AND melted cheese). The olives really add a nice salty touch. Also, they add a ridiculous amount of jalepenos, which are my favorite part of nachos. Some places will just give you 5 slices on top, but not here! 
Service has been consistent and friendly. Even when it is packed they are always super courteous and on top of things. A must try, even with the drive!One of my all time favorites. Atmosphere is amazing. Sit outside on a nice evening and take in the artwork, breeze, and chatter of the people.
Drinks are great, food is better.
The Tex mex egg rolls and raspberry sauce are amaze-balls. 
Everything else on the menu is good too. 
Perfect place for a 2-3 hour dinner and drinks.Super busy with their bogo Margarita Wednesday.  The drinks were fabulous.  Everything tasted very fresh and I had this watermelon fresco appetizer that was unique and delicious.  Salsa and chips are served warm and they never stop coming.  I had the steak fajitas and seasoning was perfect.  I would say this place is worth the wait for the food.  They even have a game out front to play and this place is so kid friendly they brought in some princesses to treat the kids.   Seems like a fun place with great food.   Got my picture take with Alice Carroll (one of the  "Princesses")  I'm a huge Alice in Wonderland fan and that just tickled me pink.  
For desert I had a great icecream dish with cinnamon sugar tortilla chips.  Nice finisher.I love Velvet Cactus! Their salsa is unique and smokey which I definitely now crave! This time I tried the chef's taco which was coffee rubbed smoked turkey, baby kale, pumpkin aioli, and apple cranberry slaw. It was incredible and that's what I love about New Orleans everyone plays with flavor combos to make one of a kind eats! Even they're margaritas are unique I really like the cucumber jalapeño margarita! I also got the chipotle chicken taco, the habanero pineapple relish is awesome.Chowed down on the complimentary chips and salsa hard. Can't remember if it was that delicious or if I was just that starving. Ordered the taco plate (fish and fried chicken strip) with yellow rice and plantains. Thoroughly enjoyed the tacos and plantains. So tasty with fresh ingredients and fresh sauce. Rice wasn't anything special. I should've gotten plantains as both my sides instead. Frozen strawberry margarita came in a cold mug, tasted great, and was definitely strong. Sadly, I'm a light drinker, so I couldn't finish it. 
Came on a Friday night, and it was packed. Had to park on the street like three blocks away. This place has great ambiance and awesome food. It was worth the ~40 minute wait with six of us.Came here with my gf and a friend.  We all ended up getting salads oddly enough.  The free chips and salsa is very good, and they give you all you want.  I got the Cilantro Lime Salad and it was very good.  I also got our friend's Taco Salad leftovers and enjoyed them later.  The service was good, food was good.  Seems a little pricey to me.They have great atmosphere, love this place. Great service, food, and drinks. Great patio too. They have art for sale on the walls.Went here for the first time today.  Sat outside under an umbrella and there were fans blowing so it wasn't terrible even at noon. 
Service was attentive and polite. 
Crawfish bandito appetizer was large enough that I had it as an entree. Was tasty and well seasoned Cajun style more than Mexican, like a Cajun crawfish chimi. Would definitely recommend it. 
Had a side of fried plantains and they were chunks of yum. 
I'm sure I will return here again.Friday night date.. absolutely loved this place. The look is fresh and vibe is very relaxed. We had a 40 minute wait (expected on a Friday night) but the bar kept us company :) We both commented that the drinks (get the pineapple cilantro margarita!) almost made us glad we had to wait! Great meal, large portions.. I had lunch for the next day!my absolute FAV restaurant...been here over 20 times & the food...service..& atmosphere is always perfect! every single person I've ever told about this restaurant has also fallen in love! the VELVET STEAK TACOS are a must!!!! and the trio dip as an appetizer!!!Wonderful dinning experience and our waitress (Ariana) was very accommodating.
We'll be back! :)Absolutely love this place! The atmosphere is lively and family-friendly. The service is amazing. And the food is authentic. My hienas and I have been in a few times,  each time trying something new,  and we've never been disappointed.  The fajitas, enchiladas, quesadillas, and the queso have been our favorites thus far.  The beverage menu has also been consistently pleasing. I definitely recommend it to everyone.Service was awful. They sat us outside under the trees and birds crapped on us the entire meal. The $13 "handcrafted" margarita tastes like nothing but orange liqueur. It was awful. 
The shrimp tacos were so salty you could hardly eat them. The quesadilla wasn't terrible but that's about the best thing I can say. 
Won't be back.I've come here a couple of times before, and to be honest, the only thing that has impressed me was the décor and atmosphere. Other than that, everything is mediocre considering how nicely decorated this place is.
First off, the food: It was just meh, okay. Most recently, I got the shrimp quesadilla with chicken tortilla soup lunch special. Well, something that kinda weirded me out about this was that I was led on to believe that I had a choice of different soups because that is what the menu said. When I told our waiter that "I guess I'll have the chicken tortilla soup" while looking at the menu for their other soups, he replied, "Yeah, that's really the only soup we have." WHAT?!?! Keep in mind that they have an entire section devoted to "Soups" Yet, there is only one soup listed. The other "soup" is chili. I'm sorry, but chili is not soup unless it's super greasy, and that's just gross. Please offer more soups on your menu please so we have more options to choose from when deciding what soup we want to go with our meal or just say that it comes with the chicken tortilla soup .
Moving on, the food was not that great. I've had better shrimp quesadillas. To be honest, I've had better plain and simple cheese quesadillas for that matter. Oh and that chicken tortilla soup was probably one of the worst chicken tortilla soups I've ever had. Not to mention, that most chicken tortilla soups have a reddish-brown color. This one was DARK BROWN, and it only slightly tasted like chicken tortilla soup.
Other experiences we've had coming here included my mom ordering some sort of taco salad that didn't come with any meat in it. I don't know if I've ever heard of a taco salad without some meat in it. I'm pretty sure they forgot to put it in there. Oh and for a Mexican restaurant, they have one of the worst margaritas I've ever had. Although, I heard their other drinks are pretty good.
Overall, their service is pretty good. If I come back here, it's because it's not far from my house and I'm probably grabbing a drink with a friend or something because the atmosphere is REALLY NICE. But I won't come here to eat. There are way too many good Mexican restaurants in this city to waste it on mediocre wanna-be Mexican food.I was curious about this place after passing through Lakeview a few weeks ago.  I'm a little hesitant to go out to the 'burbs' when there are so many good places close by, but it looked cool and I wanted to give it a shot.  Unfortunately, I just found another reason, not to cross City Park Ave. 
The Good: 
The space was very well done. It had a patio feel very similar to the Bulldog, only here its a tequila bottle fountain instead of beer taps. There was lots of reclaimed wood, intricate brickwork, a bejeweled motorcycle, glass garage doors overlooking the patio. The service was good considering that the place was packed. We got our drinks and food pretty quick. 
The Bad: 
The food was a huge disappointment. It had great presentation, but in New Orleans, fancy presentation doesn't count for much if it doesn't taste good. It wasn't that bad, really, but it's on par with Tex Mex at any major chain restaurant.  The ingredients seemed fresh, but not really put together well. I never realized how good Juan's was, until we came here. For dessert we ordered the churros...what a joke. The waitress came back with a full size plate that had 6 french fry sized "churros" on it. They were stacked up log cabin style around some chocolate sauce. I tried my best not to laugh. One of the worst $5 I have ever spent.
This might be a great place for the Lakeview people that don't want to leave their enclave and go to 'the city', but the quality is seriously lacking.  All style and no substance.  Head down Harrison Ave. to El Gato Negro for a far better alternative.Great margaritas but pretty average mexican food. Fun atmosphere out on the patio on a nice night, just be prepared for a lot of noise when it get's crowded. I might have given it a 4 star rating if they didn't get rid of the my favorite menu item, the Louisiana Boil Quesadilla. I'll be back out of convenience, but hope the quality improves.The food was good but our service was mediocre and the appetizers and entrees came out within seconds of each other.  The velvet heat drink was pretty awful.  The artwork however was awesome, but expensive.  The coutyard was really nice, wish we'd have sat out thereWow! This place is delicious! We got the mixed grill and had a ton of food to take home. It included ribs, fajita chicken, fajita beef, shrimp, veggie skewer, cole slaw, and four sides. Yummy! The shrimp were stupid good. I would've taken a picture, but we dug in too quickly. I will admit the rum mojito was sub-par, but I guess it's my fault for not getting a tequila drink. We'll definitely be back.Friendly bartenders. Great salsa and unusually salty but good chips. Quesadillas very good.Enjoyed the food here the three times I've been, BUT we've never had to wait long. Don't think I'd wait more than 30-45 minutes for a table. I really love the fish and shrimp tacos. They're larger than average taco size and full of flavor and veggies. The sides can be small, but are always tasty. The table stays full of chips and salsa, but I recommend ordering the guac - the freshness is worth the extra $. 
Drinks are good, but I wouldn't visit just for drinks. This is a place to go with a group, or friends, for a really fun, funky experience. The art on the wall could keep you entertained your whole meal. The service has always been really friendly and attentive. 
One time we were there when it started randomly raining, and our server ran to and from the kitchen in the rain for us to get us boxes for our food (we were under the sort of covered wall area). Definitely tipped extra that time!Love their margaritas, strong and just the right amount of acidity and not too sweet. Tex mex eggrolls and the island jerk chicken are my absolute favorite, entrees are a little bit pricey with less portions compared to other Mexican restaurant around town but the food taste good so that makes up for it. I'm a big fan of the Cabo Quesadilla mixed shrimp and bacon together is divine and the decor inside  is fun and funky and their service is always friendly. Wait time for a table can be long wait especially if they're busy so I suggest get a margarita in the bar while you wait for your table LOL.Love this place! I love the outdoor patio seating and the food (and drinks!!) is great. I got the Chicken Pablo (chicken with veggies and a jalapeño cream sauce) with a side of tortilla soup, all of which was delicious. I highly recommend this place!! Definitely one of my favorite Mexican food spots in the cityPlease check out Lauren O's review.  My quesadilla was as burnt as her chicken.  What restaurant does that?  And then, to have a bulldog General Manager defend it is shocking.  I own a restaurant, and I would never let food out of the kitchen like that.  I would appoligize and comp the entree.I'm from Houston and I would say this is the Best Mexican restaurant in Nola by a landslide.This place gets 3 stars because of its great atmosphere, and great service. If I had to base it on the food it would be maybe 1.5 stars, and that would be due to the creativity they have. I would go back for drinks and appetizers but only that. Friends of mine raved about the food here, but I just didn't think it was anything special.I always really enjoy eating here.  The drinks are great, food is great, and the atmosphere is really fun.  The outdoor dining area is really nice,  and the decor is very unique. The parking lot is tiny,  but there is always side street parking available nearby. Usually really great service. I enjoy it :)The food at Velvet Cactus is so good. It's almost like Mexican, redone. I haven't had a bad meal there-the waiters and waitresses are really great! The hostesses could be a little more friendly though.We decided on this place for a ladies night with good recommendations. And it was great. The food, cocktails, and service were all good. If you go get the Taco Salad with grilled portobellos so Yum!If you want good Mexican food and some bomb margaritas for a good price this is the place to go. The inside is decorated with lots of local art and it's a great atmosphere, very colorful, nice and spacious, always full of lively people. There is also a really nice, shaded patio with a fountain for guests to sit outside as well as a nice bar with a good assortment of booze. The margaritas are pretty awesome and the frozen ones are massive. I've gotten the shrimp and chicken quesadillas multiple times which have consistently been really, really good. The nachos are also good and the portions they give you are great for the price. Service is also always good and attentive! 
Also, be sure to check out any drink deals they might be having or special events. They recently had a bunch of drink specials for Cinco de Mayo with live music outside in their parking area and it was a lot of fun.This was hopefully my only experience here. The food was way overpriced, and the service, while polite enough, was rushed. We barely had time to breathe before they were rushing us out the door. Also, they do NOT cater to large groups well.It's not my favorite place to come to for food,  but it is a great place for drinks! The outdoor patio is great for sipping on a margarita and they have a few options to choose from, even a skinny rita so you don't feel as bad for eating all those chips. They offer a good happy hour and good daily drink specials. The salsa is always warm, so I'm guessing that its on purpose now.The food has gotton better since it first opened. We always go early since the place becomes a mad house after 6:30pm just about every day of the week.  The Dip Trio of queso/beans/guac is fantastic. All of thier tacos are good as well with the fish and chickin ones being the best.  Great place to go with friends and drinks and eat chips.I give this place 4 starts based on ambience atmosphere and service.  in all honesty taste like every other Mexican restaurant. Except for the salsa. Salsa is very good. But kinda pricey compared to others tex mex  restaurantsGreat art!
great staff, fast fast service, and great margaritas..
wonderful ambiance and great art.
if you haven't been?    get there.I love velvet cactus for a lot of reasons, but two of my top ones are BOGO margaritas and their tacos. 
I frequent here on Wednesdays solely for their BOGO margaritas. Their margaritas are ON POINT. When you drink two, you feel it in the best way possible. They are just the right mixture of strong and refreshing. They also have skinny-Rita's, when you don't want to feel too guilty about all that sugar. 
I love that they have so much more than your regular Mexican restaurant. Their tacos, especially the chef special, have never disappointed me. Their cheese grits are spicy and delicious, as well as their plantains.
We always start out with the dip trio, because who doesn't love dip? It's their guacamole, queso and bean dip: HEAVEN.
One star off due to the service, especially at the bar. It's not a constant, but a few times I have been to the bar, looked at, and completely ignored. When I finally get their attention they look super aggravated. This has happened during busy and slow times, and multiple people around were discussing the same thing. I have always had pretty good service when sitting on the patio or inside, though.
Either way, great atmosphere, great food, great drinks.I loved this place!
Great outdoor seating and atmosphere. The margaritas and sangria were very good and decent price. We had the sampler dip platter  which was perfect- very fresh guacamole.
Service was a little slow, but i'd recommend it.I haven't even started my meal and i'm wildly impressed with our server Matthew! My friend spilled salsa on herself and he immediately got seltzer for her. He helped me remember what i got last time even though i could only remember a few decidedly unhelpful details. I love this place and will definitely ask for him next time i come back!Food is great! Service is great! Lucas and Chris were nice and had great customer service!Gotta give this place 5 stars. We ordered some sort of Mexican platter to share and the selection was outstanding. I'm really picky but the fried plantains were perfect, the cheese grits dangerously good, black beans savory.. And those were just the sides. The meat and veggies were grilled perfectly. It was noisy out on the patio but we could still talk without shouting, inside was worse. Service overall pretty good, only had to find the waitress once, but that was ok. Would go back.