Service - pretty good. Location was close to hotel. 
BBQ shrimp - was not a fan of it. 
Pork chops - well cooked and seasoned. Large portion with colored greens and crab corn risotto. 
Stripped sea bass - VERY fishy.  As was the shrimp with it. Being New Orleans , expect fresh seafood. Didn't smell fresh at all. 
Other issues. Restaurant smelled of tobacco, people smoking.  Big turn off. 
Also, the dress code says business casual. But people came in wearing sweats, baseball caps, flannels, etc. 
Expect more from a restaurant having the name oh john besh. 
Better off at a chain steak house.Since John Besh left, this restaurant went downhill. My steak tasted like liver and it was a filet. Their menu shrunk and their prices expanded. The only thing good was the service. Will not go back there.Just stopped here for drinks!!! Proper sazarac! Awesome ambiance! Menu looks great can't wait to try the pork chop! Heard it's spectacular!!!Sat at the Chef's Table. It (and Chef Paul Robert) was amazing. Started with a crab salad amuse-bouche that was incredibly tasty. Next, we had chicken liver pate. It was rich, creamy and delicious. Then we had a steak and shrimp fajita - the meat was a little fatty, but it was good. The sastuma swordfish we had next was great and was followed by an incredibly delicious aged New York strip and lobster twice stuffed baked potato. To close it all out, we had an array of desserts that were to die for - chocolate mousse, bread pudding, coconut cake, etc. 
Amazing. And, the service was phenomenal.Easter Sunday....comped meal...party of 5. We all ordered the 14 oz prime rib steak.  Only 2 out of the 5 were cooked right and juicy.  Plate came with the steak and fries..the fries seemed to be from the bottom of the fryer.  It was a lunch bag letdown.  Presentation was ho hum...Good thing our friends had Harrahs credits for this overpriced dinner. The dishes are good, over sized and way too expensive. I had a steak, perfectly cooked with extra grissle and a great sauce. Could of cooked it at home and cut the meat better. Oysters on the half shell were way too cold. Wine was just OK.
Service was quite good.As New Orleans residents we dine out frequently. A week ago, we dined at The Steakhouse at Harrah's Casino New Orleans as guests of old friends from out of town. Except for the company, it was one of the most dreadful meals we've had in recent years. The ambiance of the room was fine, our waitress was attentive, and the brussels sprouts appetizer was excellent. The rest of the meal was, at best, disappointing. We were first told that 2 of the 6 a la carte steaks on the menu were not available. That's just not acceptable when dining in a "steakhouse." After our drinks and appetizers, we were told that the prime ribeye ($45) was now available, so I ordered one cooked medium rare. When my entrée arrived, it was strangest looking ribeye I've every had with three small muscles one of which was largely grizzle and ligament plus it was slightly overcooked. About a third of it was inedible. To make matters worse, when a captain/manager approached our table and asked if everything was OK, I told him my steak was not OK. He replied, paraphrasing, "Oh, was that the one I saw leaving the kitchen with three parts to it?" It was bad enough that the chef let an only partially edible, $45 steak, leave his kitchen, but it was made worse to know that it had been noted by restaurant management and ignored. If we had not been guests of old friends from out of town, I would have insisted on getting a properly cut and prepared steak or having it removed from my bill. Finally, I don't often write negative reviews, but in this case we had a bad meal and, for the quality, extremely overpriced.Travel around the country to all Ceasars (Harrah's) casinos.  Though this is not a Ceasars run restaurant,  expected it to be up to par with the other eating establishments in the world of Ceasars Entertainment. 
Have viewed Besh on PBS many times. So expected it to be really good.   It was not.  Gave it a C rating.  The service was crappy for an upscale restaurant.   The best part of the meal was the pumpkin soup. It went downhill from there. 
For the price this was a huge disappointment.  Will not go back in January when we revisit this ares.  This area has great cuisine this place that nite was not one.Well I was hoping that my fav steak house was not going to be affected by the loss of John but it looks like I may have had my last meal at my long time running with the ol casino bar. I love the guys that work here and have been drinking and eating with the bartenders for years. I rolled into town to give it a run and it just isn't the same. I ordered my usual amazing Filet with a reduction sauce and potato cake. After seeing it wasn't on the menu I noticed it was now a typical over priced a la cart racket like the rest of them. Basically everything hard to make or anything with expensive ingredients has been stripped from the menu. So I ordered a typical overpriced filet that I could cook better at home and got what I expected that was dry and luke warm with a typical over priced side. It's too bad... now I will need to eat first before I go hang out with my fav bartenders in New Orleans.John Besh is taking over New Orleans..literally! so many John Besh's restaurants...
We had to try Besh Steakhouse to see what all the hype was about.  Tried it once and it was good..and that's about all I can say..good NOT GREAT..I don't think I'll come back which is why I rated it 3 stars.
We went to dinner one night with my mom, my fiance, my brother and his girlfriend. We enjoyed the dinner because it was nice spending quality time with the family but we weren't WOWed with the food..again..just good...
Appetizers:
1.) Louisiana Seafood "3 ways": Shrimp Remoulade, crab with caviar, fried oysters with blue cheese dressing
I enjoyed the crab with caviar the best
2.) Stuffed Crab Shells: Probably the best thing of the night =)
Entrees:
1) Mom got the Grilled Pompano: Nothing compared to GW Fins Pompano but still good..
2.) 30-day aged 18 oz Prime NY Strip with Abita Amber Onion rings: ordered the steak medium rare..came out medium
3.) my brother and his girlfriend shared the surf & turf: they said it was okay as well..not amazing
Desserts:
Don't remember what we ordered but they were okay.
Overall a 3 star..don't think I'll come back..Next time I'll stick to Ruth's Chris when I have a steak craving...This was my first experience at a Besh restaurant and the only thing I have to complain about is my pork chop was too big to finish. Seriously.
In setup, the restaurant does a fantastic job of isolating you from the casino noise. We could still hear overhead announcements, but the din of the slot machines was pretty much silenced.
Toast and pate to start the meal, and a very nice pate at that. Deceptively light, and rich in flavor. I could feel my arteries hardening, but I will die a happy woman.
We split the oysters for an appetizer; the flavor was a little strong for me, good use of the oyster's natural liquor, but my sweetie loved them.  I also enjoyed an organic greens salad, very much appreciating that the salad options weren't just a wedge of iceberg with bleu cheese dressing that you find in a lot of steakhouses. 
For entrees, we had the prime rib and the pork chop. The rib was deliciously tender. The glaze on the pork chop was both sweet and spicy and worked very well against the crab and corn orzo "risotto." The pork was also perfectly cooked, tender and juicy. I've never had better.
Dessert was a creme brulee, which was clearly made in-house. Deep vanilla flavor and a serious crust on top. It seems a lot of people are serving creme brulee these days, but are afraid to really scorch the sugar.
I will recommend and definitely go back.First of all its weird to pay for drinks in a casino where they are free. Although side note- the alcohol is free but energy drinks are not.. 
I was disappointed to not get a good quality burger. It was taken off the menu when they stopped cutting their own meat. Now they order portion sized. Hmmm. So I went with a Caesar salad and appetizer spicy beef lettuce wraps. My fiance liked them but I thought they were too sweet. Salad had these smoked croutons but wasn't anything to write home about. My fiance had the swordfish which he finished quickly. The portion was really small. I hate to think what the $79 steak would have been like. Bartender was used to getting freakishly huge tips from locals and drunks so he wasn't so excited about us.  It was a weird atmosphere, but hey... casinos are weird.I have eaten at Besh many times and have enjoyed the meal however tonight it was horrible at best.  Ordered steak medium can out medium rare, ordered garlic mashed potatoes and got fried cold potatoes, salads were limp no crisp to them.  The only reason I rate it s one star and not negative is I have no other option.  This place has gone down hill!!!!  I did not send back food due to the fact you never know what they will do.  Waiter Larry was not concerned at all when I complained at the end.  Just he hopes we will give it another try.  Not going to happen!!This review is for the food, not the service. The service was excellent! Every item was overpriced and mediocre in taste. My $32 lobster tail looked and tasted like the $12 lobster tail I've gotten at Outback. My fiancé ordered the NY Strip medium rare. It came medium rare but it was a poor cut in meat. Very veiny and difficult to cut. The bread pudding was blah and dry. We did enjoy the lemon drop martini & old fashioned! Very tasty!Great meal. Nice pâté as a taster. Meat pies and duckMaybe it was the hype or maybe it's the extra oxygen pumped into the casino that got me excited for this place, but two words: huge disappointment.
The service and food was not up to the standard of the restaurant's reputation and price.  Aside from the decor and the prices, it was as if I was sitting at a crappy roadside diner, which can be good at the price range.  Our waiter disappeared for a good 20 minutes when the dining room floor was barely filled.  We did not get our orders in until 40 minutes after we were initially seated.  Even after getting the orders, the waiter was non existent for most of our meal.
Even if we table the bad service, the food preparation did great injustice to the fresh ingredients.  My steak was not medium rare.  The lobster meat was drenched in overly salted and buttered sauce.  The vegetable side was tasteless and over steamed.  
By giving them two stars, I am already lenient and that's because of the complimentary pate, which was very good, and the extensive wine and food menu.  If only their culinary preparation lived up to Besh's name.Came here to celebrate a Birthday, our waitress Tiffany was awesome.   Our favorite steakhouse in town.Most seductive melt in your mouth steak in the city of New Orleans!! Definitely recommend this restaurant!!So, a month ago, I dined here for the first time and had an awful experience.  See my 1 star review for details.
After leaving the review, I was contacted by guest services to inquire about details of my evening. 
The Manager, Robert, contacted me and invited me back for a meal to show me how things can be better here.  I am back in town for business and decided to take him up on his offer.  As I did last time, I asked to sit at the bar.
I can say that I noticed a very big difference in the service.  The bartender, Patrick, has gone above and beyond from the second I sat down.  Drinks prompt, offered to answer questions about the menu.  Pleasant conversation about a variety of topics.  
He has continued to check in on me throughout the meal.  THIS has been the level of service I was expecting from a restaurant of this caliber. 
The steak just arrived.  And, all I can say is WOW.  THIS one is among the best steaks I have ever eaten.  I can say that I am highly impressed with this visit.
I hope that everyone that comes down here and visits Besh has the level of service and quality of food I received on this trip.
I will certainly be back when I am in town next time!We were vacationing in New Orleans for a few days and we were staying at the Harrah's casino. My mom had a $200 voucher that could be used at Besh's and I'm so glad she hadn't actually wasted her own money on a this place, as it was definitely over priced for the quality of food. My food was delicious, but my brother's and mom's meals definitely had issues. My mom had the pork chop, which was definitely overcooked and dry, but her risotto was yummy. My brother had the seared rib eye, which tasted burnt and only came with french fries, which was boring and was not a very good side for a steak. The best part of the meal were the desserts we shared. They were both gorgeous and yummy. The food was okay, but for the price they really didn't measure up. Besh's definitely won't be on our to do list the next time we're in town.My friend and I wanted a good place for steak on our trip to New Orleans. I chose this place and I am so glad. I had the best meal that I can remember. We both had the special which was prime ribeye topped with crab meat and béarnaise sauce. I am still drooling over how great that steak was. 
 Our waitress was wonderful. I wanted a side that came with a different entree - no problem. We shared a Cesar salad- no problem. I cannot say anything but good about our waitress. 
I will definitely go back and hope they offer the same special.Ate here several years ago and it was amazing-- would've given it 5 stars then.  However, this time the food didn't even get close to expectations from previous dining here and at other Besh restaurants.  We did order the special August Coolinary menu, so maybe we were being punished for that!   Service, however, was excellent.Easily made reservations online and the perk is that they take Total Rewards comp dollars at $1 / 100, which is great.
Once you sat down, they provided these crisps with chicken liver pate, which was quite good. Some of the crisps seemed a bit stale while others were perfect. The pate was delicious and decadent but I sometimes I wonder if that would appeal to a larger audience? Most people would be so turned off by it. 
Then they gave you fresh, warm bread with homemade whipped butter, which was delicious. 
For our appetizers, mom got the turtle soup, which was very good and had a spicy kick to it. I got the crab meat with butternut squash soup, which was amazing. It had huge, generous portions of crab meat in it. 
Mom said all the soups were a little too salty for her tastes. 
For the main course, I had the shrimp and grits, which was a bit huge on the portion size but very delicious with the perfect spices and kick to it. 
My mother's rib eye was slightly over cooked when we ordered medium rare, which was disappointing but still very delicious. She loved the french fries that came with it. 
She was a little upset also that it was a bit too salty for her tastes. I tend to agree a little. It seemed they were a little heavy handed with it. 
We did not even have room for dessert sadly afterwards. 
Our waitress was very friendly, a little too friendly but would prefer that. She forgot to put in our order of risotto, which I'm sort of glad happened because it was just way too much food. 
I'd definitely return but remember to save room for dessert next time!Food was great. Steaks were cooked to perfection. Service was fantastic. The sides were even better. Very accommodating on the menu i.e. We had a vegetarian person with us and they pretty much made a dish to his liking that was not even on the menu. Ambiance is nice for a casino restaurant. Overall a good experience.This review is completely based on our service. My friend and I came in with a certificate we had won for a free meal. We understand that that can be annoying for a server.  Our server Anthony was so kind and so patient with us. He kept us laughing and smiling the entire meal.  It's rare to find such great customer service and it really made the meal such a wonderful experience.The Steakhouse inside of Harrah's was a wonderful surprise for our date night. We started off our dinner with a couple of happy hour dishes.  The lamb meatball was delicious. I'd consider going back and ordering a plate full with some bread.  The grilled cheese was a comfort food classic. 
The iceberg wedge salad with benton's bacon was great. The bacon was SMOKEY and in big, chewy chunks. Almost like smoked cracklins, Acadiana style.
I had the bone in ribeye and my wife had the filet. Both were cooked medium to medium rare. Outside was finished with butter, seasoned well, and was delicious.  Once we cut into them, the steaks were picture perfectly done. I had my steak topped with grilled shrimp. Shrimp had a nice "grill" flavor, and didn't have a hint of iodine, as I've encountered at other places. Nice addition to the steaks.
Our sides were the corn and crab risotto, mushrooms and onions, the fried Brussels sprouts. The mushroom and onions, as well as the Brussels sprouts were solid traditional sides. But the corn and crab risotto could definitely be a stand alone dish. Rich, buttery and delicious blue crab meat. We couldn't even finish it, took it home, & I heated it up the next day. It was still awesome.Service was good, the steaks took awhile, and it wasn't all that for the $60 price tag for each. The server was great and bought us a round for the wait. My steak was not cooked how I wanted it. I do like the bone marrow they give you with your steak. I noticed a couple other tables complain about the food as well. For the price I would prefer a different restaurant. Been to plenty of steakhouses where the steaks were $20 cheaper and 20x's better. If in Chicago ever make reservations far in advance to Mastro's. The porterhouse was the same price and very very good. Melted in your mouth.I was disappointed.  I am a fan of John Besh and I guess I expected more.  The food was good but not as good as Ruth's Chris.  The service was not up to what I expected either.  I guess I will have to try another of this restaurants.Hands down, our favorite steakhouse, and Allen is our favorite waiter. Hubby and I enjoy the cowboy steak divided between us, and we still can't finish it.  It is a very tasty, tender steak that Besh's steakhouse have mastered preparing.  It's the only steak we'll eat and since our first visit here, we have never been let down!I love the fuckin grits that came with my bacon wrapped wild boar.  
The grits were sitting at the bottom of the hot plate that the entree arrived in and so that's why the grits were cooked down by the time I got to them.  Creamy and not gritty.  Damn those grits were good, they are the main reason why I want to go back and try more entrees.
After the waittress took out orders, some buttered french bread(very crusty crispy buttery)along with some yummy chicken liver pate arrived.  I tried not to gorge out on it and asked the waittress to please take it away after stuffing my face with 2 pieces of bread that I smothered with the butter and pate.  Oh lawdee!
Our appetizers arrived: the trio which consisted of the cornmeal fried oysters, great with the sweetish greens that came with it.  The salty oysters complemented with the sweet and pickley greens were great together.  The lump crabmeat and salty black caviar was a good complement.  The shrimp was chiled with a mayo spicy cayenney sauce...all good.  
Afterwards, we nibbled away at our shared organic mixed greens which was excellent with the strong crumbled bleu cheese and pecan nuts.  The greens remind me of the butter lettuce that they use at La Crepe Nanou. Damn yummy but I'll remember to tell them easy on the damn dressing.
After some waiting, out came our entrees which were suspiciously cold not hot at all but Im coming back.  Since I understand the ins and outs of kitchens in restaurants and how waiters are suppose to fire orders when customers are dining in courses---sometimes they make the main entree and it sits under that damn heat lamp until the waiter comes for it.  
I dont like this at all--Im going to make sure that I tell the server this next time I do go there-just bring out my food as it's finished.  
The 30 day old steak was a huge cut and about 50 something bucks, it was a good portion that my dining partner couldnt finish.  It came with rings of homemade onion rings which were very oily but damn good.
I had the bacon wrapped wild boar with baby carrots, smothered greens with bacon bits, and string beans over the grits.  Damn good grits, but not enough grits so I asked for more grits on the side.  My dining partner didnt like but I did and that's what matters most.
I have to say that to me, the food was well season, salty to my palate but that's just me.  Maybe for someone else it's just right.
Overall, service was great and the managers and servers all made trips to every table to make sure everyone was doing fine.  My one complaint was that I got the feeling the waittress was hitting on my dining partner.
Parking at Harrah's is a bitch depending if there is a special event going on, it could be 30, but find parking in the surrounding area of the CBD and walk on through the casino to this delish spot.  However, if you are a regular gambler or have dined at the Besh Steak spot, you can get validated parking and pay nothing. 
There is a nice bar from which I had my smooth Malbec. Good Malbec I have to add.  The place is very nice and I loved it, I shall be back.
For you fish lovers, the menu has an array of wonderful Gulf fish to choose from---next time Im ordering amberjack.
YUMSSSS
______________________________________________
Update:
2/13/09
Good still damn good.  My partner had that 30 day old aged New York Strip and I had fish amandine.  Damn but my dish was good.
We had a server that I was not happy about.  The undertones of my communication with the server was not good.
For the first time ever, I complained to the general manager letting her know that I was a local and not some tourist who didnt know what the hell I was talking about.  
Amandine-I asked our server what it meant(I always get different versions from locals, so I wanted to see what Besh's server had to say)and his response was that it was cooked in pecans.  However, when my plate arrived with food, it was almonds.  Another strike, when I asked to another pistolette, he corrected me and said it was french bread.  WTF????  
After that, I devoured my food and paid the bill, tipping the server 37 on a bill that was 96.  I didnt want to stiff him but I wanted the management to know that the server needs to be careful what he says and how he says it. 
My partner was angry about it so we packed his food untouched TO GO.  The server couldnt even pack the damn food right, putting the box in the wrong way so that the food was tossed around.  Yes, the food is in a box, but it helps if you place the box in the bag in a way that doesnt shift the food as much.
Besh--the good was off the chain, but your server was fuckin idiot and ruined my valentine's dinner.  Dont worry I paid the bill and didnt walk out like some irate customers mightve done.My husband and I often frequent the Besh bar while in New Orleans. We dont always order food but mostly just like to relax and have a few drinks. The last several times we have visited we don't feel very welcome. The bartenders seem to ignore us and rush us out. It's sad because I like to think we're pretty friendly and tip well. However lately it makes me want to take our business elsewhereWent here with a friend after attending the Sippin in Seersucker event over at Canal Shops, so it was  kind of late and it wasn't too busy. Already having had a couple of drinks we decided to sit up at the bar and order more while we looked over the menu. We started with the wedge salad which was HUGE and really good. The bacon pieces are large and crispy and the rest of the salad was really fresh. Next we both ordered the filet. If you are willing to spend the money, get it. It was a great cut of meat and cooked to perfection. Definitely hit the spot! (At least from what I can remember.)
 I Went back here with my sister when she visited just to grab drinks real quick before a show. I decided to try the Mint Julep and it knocked me on my feet! I've had them before around town but this one was the best I had! It was mixed perfectly, not too much simple syrup, just the way I like it. It's in the middle of Harrahs so if you are in the casino I would recommend stopping in here. If you aren't, still take the trip in to at least have a cocktail at the bar and people watch. I don't know what the attire requirements are (if any) since I was already dressed for an event before hand but, I mean, its in the middle of a casino. If your playing slots and get hungry for a steak, you should be able to walk in there with your shorts on, just be classy about it I guess.Amazing quality, really talented chefs. The deviled egg lagniappe with truffle oil and caviar was amazing.  Yet it has a down home feel that is very unpretentious.  It makes me want to try all the Besh restaurants.The food was amazing & service was fantastic as well. We made reservations, but it didn't appear to be too busy for walk ins. Try the ribeye, you'll be glad you did!I really always wanted to have dinner here and finally had the time on this trip to NOLA.
I was blown away by the attentive and extremely friendly service.
The food was over the top delicious and the drinks so yummy.
We like it so much we are returning again this evening for an encore.
Go here enjoy a wonderful evening!Situated in the Harrah's Casino, Besh Steakhouse probably goes unnoticed by many with the excellent culinary scene in New Orleans.  Besides, who wants to eat inside of a casino, where food is low on the totem pole.  But there was a ray of hope here, as Besh has won a James Beard Award.
Unlike many steakhouses, Besh Steakhouse is housed in an open room that leads directly out into the casino.  It is well light, another steakhouse no no, but the openness and bright decor brings an aura of warmth and comfort.
The steaks are dry aged which help to break down connective tissue while also developing flavor.  Aged steaks are also more tender, and the dry aged variety have less blood and juice running out of it when you cut into it.
The ribeye is well marbled so the fat is able to bring out more flavor in this thick cut of beef.  There is no gristle to be found anywhere and just the right amount of fat in the steak to help give it a little mouth feel.  The ribeye has enough flavor and seasoning that no steak sauce is needed.  A good steak needs very little seasoning anyhow, you want that BEEF flavor not some salty/sugary concoction to mask the flavor of the steak.
The porterhouse is one of my favorite cuts.  It's like getting two steaks in one.  A strip steak is on one side, while a little filet sits on the other side of the bone.  The strip steak is a little tougher than the filet mignon side, but it also has a lot more flavor to it.  Cooked to a perfect medium rare, the flavor of the steak was able to shine through.
This is a very good restaurant, although somewhat off the beaten path.  If you're looking for a good steak, this place is worth a try.Have no concerns about eating in the Harrah's Casino. 
This place is an excellent steakhouse. 
I usually eat at the bar, and have the bartenders take care of me, which they always do. 
Try the French 75 cocktail, made with cognac instead of gin. An excellent combination and house specialty. 
The steaks and salads are excellent. 
Reservation required, or sit at the bar. 
A find!The evening started pretty well with the free pate but that was where it stopped. We ordered a Caesar salad for two and it was drenched with salad dressing. 
The duck and a duly sausage gumbo had no sausage or duck. 
I ordered the ribeye.  It was tasteless. They also forgot to bring me my lobster tail which I also ordered with my meal. 
The service was very slow and not attentive. 
Overall ruined our night out with this horrible meal and service.We started out with a Bibb salad and Crab soup, both of which were wonderful!  Then, we had Delicious shrimp and grits and 14 Oz Ribeye with steak fries.  The service was superb and she was very friendly and informative.  The restaurant is tucked away in Harrah's casino, and reservations are suggested.   Last time we had a steak served with bone marrow- not my fav, but my dining guest loved it!  A must stop on your trip to New Orleans.Besh might want to consider taking his name off this one. Service was great but that was about it. Got the Rib Eye, was smothered in some nasty thick sauce. Reminded me of something id get at tgi Fridays. Go to Luke's, so much better.Amazing menu and quality!! Had the 30 day aged steak and slow cooked beef tips. It was perfectly done! The wedge salads were a great paring!Quality food. Pork stuffed chicken wings smoked under glass. 10 oz filet w scalloped potatoes and asparagus. Simple but elegantly and competently prepared. Bar service was a wee bit slow but good. Decent wine list if you know what you're doing. Good experience. Would definitely go back.I did not enjoy my entree here at all.  I did not order a steak, perhaps that was my mistake.  I ordered the duck, and it did not agree with me.  If I go back (on the casino's dime), I will try the steak, and if it is good, I will amend my review.  But for now, I am very disappointed.Should be a - star option. We arrive at 8:50 pm told they close at 9:30 pm and they had people a head of us.
This is is a spot we will skip every time we come to New Orleans. We come at least 4 times a year.  
Just food for thought, Money can go anywhere but business will stays where it's appreciated.
Party of 6 , good pizza at Harrah's .The rib eye steak is just mouth watering.  I have never had steak that tender and with that much flavor.  The service was excellent as expected from John Besh's restaurant.  The service, price and food is all worth the money.  I can't wait to try his restaurant in San Antonio!For dinner in a casino it wasn't half bad. The entrees were good, but overpriced. The wine list was good and there were actually bottles that were reasonable as well. I enjoyed our dinner but would much rather eat at August, and will definitely be back there.Went there on Aug 14th with three other people for dinner ... had a great 4 star+ experience (food, presentation, atmosphere, etc.). I meant to write a review right away, but I got distracted.  Now, I came back to write my review (and to thank Besh for a great dinner experience).  I guess I must have really enjoyed the Besh dinner.
Anyway, we tried several appetizers which were all great (fresh, each unique taste, presentation ... and yummy).  Instead of going for a steak, I decided to go with a scallop dish since I was already full from their great appetizers; and it was very tasty.  For me scallop needs to be fresh, cooked to medium well (but not well done), and seasoning needs to be subtle to bring out the best in scallop - well it met my expectations.  
We went crazy and tried several deserts.  All were good as any other restaurants, but I thought their bread pudding was the best that I had in NOLA (not too bready or sweet ... it was individually baked in a small metal baking pot).  
I am going back in the coming weeks to try their "core" steak dish - I am guessing it will be a 5-star dish.I am convinced that John Besh no longer owns this restaurant! Napkins now look like you are going out for a picnic, food quality has goon down, oysters had no seasoning tasted like straight bread crumbs, pork chop came out with no spinach because they made the decision that night to drop it! The fine dining menus now are are large piece of plastic put down in ft of you and the once to die for filet is now a tuff hunk of meat! If he does still own it he has stopped looking over things. Still the awesome employees are in place which helps but come on- if you want a burger place change the name and lower the prices- then the plastic menu and picnic napkins would be OKI chose Besh Steak for my birthday dinner and I was not let down. To get started, we were brought an amuse bouche of deviled eggs with a caviar topping. They were almost too good to simply call deviled eggs. I was chasing every bit of the filling around the plate to make sure I got it all.
I've been to Besh before several times, so I knew to order the BBQ Shrimp app automatically. It's the only item on the menu with the description, "just get these," and it's appropriate. They were as overwhelmingly delicious and rich as I remembered. In addition to the shrimp, I ordered the pate app which was also rich, delicious and plentiful. 
While we were eating the apps, we also enjoyed a couple of cocktails, a Sazerak and a Mississippi Mule. Both cocktails were smooth and refreshing. The Sazerak was particularly good. After the cocktails, we ordered a couple glasses of wine which were both very good. 
For entrees, we ordered the 30-day dry aged Prime New York Strip and the double-cut grilled pork chop. Both meats were perfectly prepared and succulent. The steak came with blue cheese butter, onion rings and bone marrow. The onion rings were awesome and crispy, but the bone marrow was a bit of a let down. Considering how big the steak was though, I was not concerned or put off by the bone marrow. The pork chop was huge and came with a crab and corn orzo risotto which blew my mind it was so good. The jumbo lump crab and corn risotto had been recommended to me and I was not disappointed. 
For dessert, I ordered the bread pudding with Irish Whiskey ice cream, bourbon sauce and carmelized pecans. I'm not much for dessert or bread pudding, but I made an exception in this case. It was incredible and I only wished there had been more of the ice cream. Yum!
The service is consistently excellent at Besh and this was no exception. It is expensive, but for food and service this good, the prices make sense.This place was amazing!  For the appetizer we got the Besh BBQ Shrimp, it was wonderful.  This was one of the few places I saw that it did not have the shell and heads on, so I was happy about that!  For our entrees my husband got the Cast-iron Roast Ribeye Of Beef With peppercorn sauce & fries, I got the Berkshire Pork Chop with Crab and Corn Orzo Risotto.  Both were fantastic!  For dessert, we shared the Brendan's Bread Pudding.  Again, FANTASTIC!  Loved our meal! every bite of it!The food was excellent. In the past I have had waiters that do not write your order down which is a big disappointment. It usually comes out wrong. This time he wrote it down and the order was perfect. Food was unbelievable. The Barbeque Shrimp  were to die for and the rIbeye wasn't too shabby either. Hard to beat this meal. It was soooo good !!!Some of the best vegan food I've ever had. 
You wouldn't expect to walk into a steak house and have the best vegan food but that's exactly what happened. 
Three out of four of us were vegan so we asked at the front whether the chef could make something vegan - the chef was happy to! He came out and talked to us personally and made vegetable dishes that were made with vegetables from their garden and sauces and spices that were artistically thrown together with incredible flare. This chef (Josh) was truly amazing and most likely we'll be going back there even before our trip is over.Back on track! Formly know as Besh now The Steakhouse is back on track! I had not eaten their in a while, I thought food was overly priced for the portions of food plus my take out orders were cold by the time I received it. To hungry and aggravated yo complain. So obviously management has changed and food was good! We ordered hamburger, baked potatoes, grilled red fish with shrimp. Let me tell ya, it was hot when I received it! It was still very warm after waiting for my car and getting home to eat! 
Everything was  great even the next day!! 
The bartender (Mark) has been there for a while and has always been very polite, just awesome. Stay tuned, I will try some other entrees from the menu.We had an amazing dinner this evening.  Yana our server did an excellent job taking care of us and following up.  We tried a sampling of the Shrimp rings which were amazing and the chicken wings.   Our steaks were prepared perfectly and overall we had a great last meal in NOLA.  Robert the manager came but multiple times to ensure we were being well taken care of.   Be sure to stop in when you're in town.My family enjoyed a wonderful Christmas Eve dinner.  We decided to choose from the Reveillon menu which did not disappoint.  The shrimp Remoulade had large grilled shrimp with the best beets I have ever had.   My son and husband choose the not so traditional turtle soup.  It was so different almost tasted like chili.  I had the baked stuffed oysters which were delicious.   However the best item on the menu was the braised lamb shank.  It was amazing!   We were amazed on how large the portions were.   Finally the cheesecake and Creme brûlée topped off this great meal.  I have no complaints only complements.  This was a Hugh treat for our family and it was worth every pennyIt doesn't get better than this place! The food and the service were five stars and the wine selection was quite impressive. Because Besh is in Harrah's Casino, no persons under 21 are permitted, so leave the kids at home.  After an excellent dinner, we ready for the action in the high limit room at Harrah's. Dinner and casino entertainment all under one roof! If you need a VIP Casino Host, just ask me and I'll be happy to steer you in the right direction.Recently ate at The Steakhouse with some friends. I've been when it was Besh as well. 
Steaks: Our steaks were good, but let's be honest there are a number of great steak places in the city, so you don't get points in my book for knowing how to cook a medium filet. 
Service: This was our tables big issue, the service was terrible - had to ask for a wine list - had to ask for bread (TWICE actually) before we received any from a different server. Our server didn't bring out the food, didn't come ask us how the food was (so luckily yes they do know how to cook your steak), oh and that bottle of wine they upsold us on - well I guess only the first round is poured by the server and then you fend for yourself.  Manager (or equivalent) never stopped by - call me old fashioned, but I like a quick stop at the table to see how things are going; plenty of higher end places do this. 
Side: Baked potato was a joke. Dry dry and more dry. Needed to ask for extra butter it was so dry. The risotto was actually very good. With the epic failure of fine dining service, the risotto was the saving grace. 
Bottom line: They cook a good steak, a dry potato and some must try risotto. Send the staff back to Applebee's because they aren't fine dining caliber. I prefer alternate steakhouses over this one.If you want to wait for burger for 40 min visit this Steakhouse. 
This was supposed to be quick bite at the bar, I guess not.We only had appetizers and a salad but they were all exceptional. I would give a 5 but the service sucked, and since the food was so good I didn't want to give a 3. The oysters were spectacular, a little over priced for just 5 oysters but they were very good. The fries were the best fries I have ever had. Amazing taste perfect softness and crisp all in one. The the salad with chopped eggs and the best bacon ever. The salad was amazing. We didn't order any entrees just a couple things to eat on while watching the LSU game. We sat at the bar and the service was filled with really old bartenders who were so slow and seemed to only want to help the older people around the bar. The food semi made up for the poor service but I still think the bartenders should all be replaced with a younger crew who knows how to make drinks and be attentive. We sat down and waited a very long time for service, we were actually helped after the older couple who say a few minutes after us, we even had to wait an extremely long time for refills. It got to the point were I could almost reach the spout and I offered to fill my own water because of the poor service. So the stars are strictly for the three items, definitely not for the service.Order the Fries! The sides and appetizers at Besh are better than the mains and the mains are good. The fries in particular were awesome and the pickles that come with the burger are worth fighting over. Make sure you save room and energy for the bread pudding. It is also a dish worth sparring with spoons for. 
Atmosphere.  It's a casino. What do you expect? Its pleasant enough inside but the smoke and noise from the casino intrude on the space. George Rodrigue's massive blue dog canvas cover the walls.
The "Steak & Egg's" was interesting. The presentation of the quail egg topped tartar was appealing. The spinach salad accompaniment was less so. Overall, a pleasant teaser, but not wow.
The Bibb Lettuce Salad was good and the dressing was fantastic, but it was seriously overdressed. In essence, the bed of lettuce was little more than a delivery device for a buttermilk blue cheese blanket. 
The burger was very good. It was simple but very flavorful. Prepared perfectly, the juicy beef tasted like beef. The bun had great texture and flavor. Come hungry because this is a massive main. The fries and sweet pickles that accompanied were excellent! So good that I would return just for fries if I could. Wow!
The service was trying hard but very disorganized. Their pace was random and we experience both moments of double coverage then long periods of drought. Given the layout, you could be entertained (or unnerved) by the confusion that plays out over the whirlwind that surrounds the staging area for final plating. We saw chaos at peak!
The bar is good. They are not stocked with what I would consider a full selection but the French 75 was an excellent cocktail. They have no beer on tap. 
~mDinner here a couple of night ago.  In a casino so even though it was not busy, it was very, very loud.  Server was properly attentive but somewhat scattered.  We had the Filet I believe what they called the porterhouse.  Both steaks were very well prepared and great cuts of beef.  The fries were great and the veggies with the Filet on point.  up to Ruth's Chris across the street, but a very above average dinner.I went to Besh on a Saturday night with a large group for a family meal. The service was friendly, prompt and made it an enjoyable experience. My fiancé and I shared orders. We got: big bad oyster appetizer (oysters au gratin), the pork chop entree, the New York strip with blue cheese butter and marrow entree and chocolate mousse dessert. 
The appetizer was delicious, the bread crumbs on top were a nice touch! The pork chop was just ok, it was overcooked. However the greens and orzo it came with were super yummy. The steak was perfectly cooked (we got medium rare) and the blue cheese butter and marrow were rich and decadent. It was wonderful! The dessert was good but compared to the coconut cake that my cousin got, it was just okay. The presentation was fun though. Overall, this was an enjoyable meal!Fried oysters are great !!! Got my wife to finally try oysters for the first time and now she is hooked. Atmosphere is very romantic (if your into that sort of thing).   We got our ribeye's and these were some of the best steaks I've eaten in a long time. The fries are awesome and reminded me of when I lived in Belgium but they were called Palm Fritz. Bread pudding is the best.  All I can say is that I'm glad we walked the 8 blocks back to the hotel... We were stuffed like hogs after emptying a feed trough.This review is from July 2013. We went to New Orleans for 4th of July and of course to eat all the good food new Orleans is known for. This was probably the best place we ate at. 
For appetizer we had the Besh barbeques shrimp and 3 little Frenchies both were delicious. I had the pork chop with risotto and it was awesome. My daughter and son in law had the filet and it was perfect.
Service was good but we were 1 party of about 3 in the restaurant. It was nine on a Tuesday so I hope things have gotten better there because food is worth it.I'm giving this 2 stars because our server is great very attentive. Food was not impressive at all. The gumbo had shrimp shells in it, the salad was drenched with dressing, the steaks was overdone and dry, and everything was way to salty. Will not be returning againWe had a coupon to eat there via Harrah's.   All the menu items are about double the price you will find in any other restaurant.  The food was very good but, again, way over priced.  The pate that comes with the crackers before the meal is not to my liking but just ask for some butter and it will come.  
A couple next to us had the chef's tasting and from what we saw it came with very small portions but huge glasses of wine.  I would have liked to known more about that as it looked like a great option versus the menu selection.In the battle of man (and wife) versus food...food won. But, defeat never tasted so sweet. Enjoyed a date night with the wife in the Big Easy, and so we took in this place, ostensibly because we had a fifty buck food comp from the 'sino. And, all the "blue dog" pictures, which we adore, reminded us of the spoiled pooch we had left at home. The ribeye was good, but the filet was outstanding. Tender as a lover's embrace. Service attentive, appetizers v. good, especially the Natchitoches meat pies. A great Malbec rounded off  the meal.WOW, very disappointed!
I love all of Besh's places but this is not good.
Ordered cowboy steak and it was way over cooked and send it back.  They brought me a rare pieces of meat that was tough.....  NEVER eating here again!Food was great. Steaks were cooked to perfection. Service was fantastic. The sides were even better. Very accommodating on the menu i.e. We had a vegetarian person with us and they pretty much made a dish to his liking that was not even on the menu. Ambiance is nice for a casino restaurant. Overall a good experience.Grey Goose martini, straight up, with a twist and...some food...tartare of filet mignon with caviar, creme fraiche and seafood stuffed baked oysters.
Service was great, food was fantastic  and the martini was perfect. They've stepped it up!Great bar.  The best mojito in New Orleans.  The bartenders were very friendly and informative.  The sliders with duck confit was absolutely fantastic.  The salads are fantastic.This was the best meal I've ever eaten!!  Chef Paul Robert is freakin awesome!! The service was great!! You will never eat a better steak anywhere!!Just had dinner, great service, appetizers were really good, however main courses including steaks were awful. Manager was very empathetic and polite, comp'd the steak. Place has a great deal of potential if they get their main courses together.It was a mixed experience. We waited at the hostess stand for a while before being greeted.  There were no employees in sight except for the bartender who was very busy.  The server, however, was very good and attentive.  We ordered the meat pies for an appetizer, and they were great.  I was disappointed that the appetizer and salad/soup course came at the same time.  That shouldn't happen in a restaurant like this.  The salads were good but slathered in dressing.  My hubby said the crab and corn bisque soup was ok.  He only ate about half of it. My mom ordered the surf and turf and loved it.  She said it was the best steak she ever had.  I tasted it and would agree. I ordered the filet mignon; it was not good.  I was amazed at the difference in my mom's steak and mine.  My hubby ordered the prime rib which he very much enjoyed.  The fries were great. We ordered the bread pudding and chocolate cake for desert.  Both were ok but nothing outstanding.I have been wanting a night out in New Orleans for a while. The Steak House at Harrahs was recommended. Our waitress, Ann Marie was delightful. She answered questions about the menu. She suggested the crab cake. It was great! Alot of crab meat and a light sauce. Yummy. The duck breast over kimchi was excellent. The filet was fork tender cooked perfect. Do not miss out on the corn and crab risotto. Melt in your mouth. To finish off with bread pudding and whisky sauce with vanilla ice cream. Chef Lusk came by the table and asked how everything was. We let him know everything was great. Robert, the manager, was very pleasant and polite. He was very busy but stopped by twice to make sure we had everything we needed. I will go again.
UG & ACLThis was one of the worst dining experiences during my entire stay at Harrah's.  Outside of the ribeye being a good, but small steak, the rest of the meal was much less than stellar. The sides were horrible. The Brussels Sprouts were black burnt, but they called them fried. They neither tasted good nor were they pleasing to the eye when plated. The fried rice dish left a lot to be desired; it neither looked appetizing nor did it taste like a dish from this upscale, expensive restaurant. 
Last, but not least was the blatantly ignored service I received in getting an angus burger, without the mayonnaise based sauce and the bun it came with. I requested a variation on the mushroom lyonnaise prepared topping.; but what Did i get?  A naked angus burger with cheese on a carb loaded bun and a load of dark brown fries I had no idea accompanied the dish. What happened to the sautéed mushrooms I requested without the lyonnaise sauce?  The waiter said I guess the chef did not want to comply.  What?! At these prices, I can't get a decent angus burger? WOW!!!
If there was a way to give no stars, I would!!!!!
Save your money!!! Go to Galatoire's. Impeccable service and excellent food prepared to your liking.There's a lot of hype about Besh. It's a pretty high rated fine dining restaurant too but it's just all talk.
I enjoyed the complimentary pate they give you when you're seated. The accompanying buttered french bread/crouton wasn't so good. It just had too much butter really. The seafood 3 ways was a waste of money and not appetizing at all. I still devoured the whole dish though. Come on, it's 17$ for barely there food.
I choose to split the cowboy steak (79$). I ordered the steak medium, it came out well done. That for me is a negative 3 stars. Aren't you a steak house? It shouldn't be hard to cook my steak the way I like it then! I didn't complain or send the steak back because it's too much of a hassle.
So, appetizer and entree was a fail. & I had no more room for disappointment. I skipped Besh's desserts and headed to Pink Berry.
------
11/26/13 update
I've gone back to Besh Steakhouse probably twice since I first reviewed and my opinion has really changed.
2 star restaurant to 3.
I can't say their steak style became my favorite. I prefer their pork chops over the steak. Omg! Pork chops are so damn good here. 
And their risotto is something of it's own!
I've had a lot of other dishes that didn't disappoint but the pork chop and risotto are the main things that stood out.There is not much good I can say about this place. The seafood stuffed oysters appetizer was incredible but the rest was barely acceptable. The steak could be likened to a discount grocery store variety, tough even at medium rare. The fish was a dry and unappetizing. The worst however, was the ambiance. Perhaps this was to be expected when a casino comps meals to people who have rarely if ever eaten in an upscale restaurant. We finally left without finishing after being subjected to a barrage of "f" word rants in a nearby booth. Management apologized, accepted $200, and bid us goodbye. Probably the worst dining experience of my life.I only stayed for a short amount of time but I thoroughly enjoyed the appetizers that I tried.  I had the Big Bad Baked Oysters and the Crispy Fried Louisiana Oysters.  And to top it off, it all came out within 10 minutes.  Oysters were a decent size and prepared well.  I can only imagine how the food may have been.Tourist trap garbage in a casino, don't waste your time if you care about food. Horrible service, 3/4 of steaks we ordered were overcooked @ $68 a pop.
I hear Mr. Besh has better places, but this was a horrible first impression.