Little effort put into food.  I ordered the blue crab special which consisted of 3 blue crabs, 1/4 an ear of corn and potatoes.  Crabs were average size, corn was cold on the inside and potatoes were tossed on the plate whole , with no seasoning.  The meal was 16.00 and a big letdown !  Bathrooms are on the second floor and absolutely filthy.  
Save your money and dine elsewhere.Overpriced :( Delicious :) The service was ok. There are a million less pricey places. I ordered a milk brandy punch and it was delicious. The crawfish etoufee was great. Nola poboys doesn't have as fancy an atmosphere, but the food was better priced and tasted better. This restaurant is nice if you need a Red Lobster type atmosphere for entertaining and big groups.Great food, poor service and they make it very difficult difficult to split the bill between multiple parties.Great hush puppies!   Crawfish were good (beginning of season they said... Not sure that was true).  Charred oysters were not my favorite.  Still this is a place I go when I'm in NOLA.Excellent food. Our server Lacy gave great recommendations on what to try. Had oysters on the half shell which tasted clean and sweet. Also had the chargrilled garlic and herb oysters and could really taste the chargrilled flavors. And had the boiled jumbo shrimp, was out of season for craw fish. Good substitute. Oh, the fried alligator was done to perfection, never over cooked. Nice staff and good service and great food. Can't go wrong here.Delicious charbroiled oysters!! Best boiled shrimp and all around great place to eat. Really enjoyed it!The oysters were delicious, some of the best we have ever had! We've been coming here for over 25 years. The stuffed avocado with shrimp Remoulade was a treat, I try to eat somewhat healthy on vacation! Angelo recommended the blackened catfish on top, which was an excellent suggestion! Angelo and Kenny were especially attentive to our every needs!Mmmmm.... my friends and I couldn't wait to stand in line at Coop's for a dinner after a ghost tour one night, so we ended up at French Market Restaurant and Bar. I got a salad and the crab stuffed mushrooms and split a tray of oysters with my friends (the nice staff there gave us a little  more than a dozen!! That's what I'm referring to when I refer to the general niceness of the New Orleans locals. "Nice" is a general blanket statement to make about people... I don't know if it's that southern charm or the Southern Drawl.....but everywhere we went, the people of the service sector were genuinely friendly and enthusiastic, helpful, and very open and generous). Anyhow.... back to the food review---the portions were huge. I tried a bit of my friend's soft shell crab poboy (fabulous) and my other two friends had the gumbo and the crab/shrimp salad. Come for a satisfying meal.My girlfriend and I were walking by when we took the scent of the Cajun spice and the crawfish and decided we'd eat here. 
The crawfish boat that we had was more than enough for the two U.S. But we still killed the whole thing cuz they were so good. The gumbo and serving of French bread that I Haden's good. I even asked for a second order of that bread. 
We sat on the balcony upstairs and although you didn't have this amazing view, you did. We're able to see the people of New Orleans and tourist like ourselves move around (people watcher)
I got put on to a pimms cup(and I got put on) which is like bourbon and lime and I think ginger ale but it was mad refreshing seeing we were walking around in that Nola humidity 
Our waiter TJ (if I remember right) went above and beyond taking care of us. Seriously, thank you!The food is amazing!!!! A must do in New Orleans!!!! Ask for Mandy, she is a terrific waitress and is very knowledgeable !!!Excellent meals... Very cool oyster house with an open oyster bar and a boiling pot of crawfish right at the front door! Very cool to watch the guys shuck the oysters right in front of you! Our server was great... Fried catfish = awesome!! Also serves the best homemade pecan pie!!This is my favorite place in the french quater. First off the aroma approaching the front door... mouth watering spicy goodness is all I can describe it as. I love the older historic building. Its got character, and I can only imagine all the people who've been there over the yrs.  Only negative is the hostess are not very friendly, but that's OK, I come for the food not to make friends. We ate here 2 nights I a row and sat in the corner by the raw bar. We watched eagerly as the red steaming  boats of crawfish came whizzing by us. My boyfriend had some raw oysters, they were huge fresh and delicious. The crab legs and crawfish were my kryptonite. We didn't speak for 15 mins other than the occasionally groan and grunt and mumble "fu€k this is good". At one point I looked up and saw a couple across the room watching us eat in disbelief as we shoveled food in our mouths like beasts. Hats off the the guy who shucks and works the boil pot. He not only has to fill the tickets for the restaurant he was our server and kept our drinks full and us entertained. Also had the shrimp and grits and many bloody marys the second day and wasn't disappointed. This is a 100% honest review. We travel a lot and love food we were sooo impressed and still dream about this place!We smelled our way towards this restaurant as the smell of crab legs was very distinctive and appetizing. I ended up ordering a fried catfish po-boy that came along with well seasoned french fries. The po-boy was huge, with a lot of fried catfish. The service at the restaurant was pretty great with our waiter being very friendly and helpful from the very beginning. Great price for a very filling and delicious dinner.The food was outstanding, & ambiance was perfect. Best Cajun poboy I ever had! Only gets three stars because the service was perhaps the WORST I've ever had. Essentially, no one was home, & no one cared. We sat, & sat, & sat.....& it wasn't that busy.  Tables were laughing about it.  So, if you don't mind being ignored, you'll love the food.Stopped in for a quick bite for lunch. Angelo our waiter was amazing, very friendly and attentive.  Ordered gumbo and blackened alligator - absolutely fabulous! !!!!! For dessert we were treated to praline bread pudding fresh out of the oven. OMG incredible! !!!!
MUST CHECK OUT THIS PLACEI'll start with, I was very tired and just wanted a meal. Everywhere else closes fairly early (c'mon French Quarter!) so we ended up here. Tired. Hungry. And ready to go home, but the hotel room would suffice.
Server was fairly quick to come take the order. Food took a while, but I'll blame my state of mind.
EVERYONE in New Orleans is super nice, so the service was like any other restaurant around the French Quarter and around New Orleans: pleasant and attentive.
We ordered the Swamp Platter, as well as the Crab Cakes.
Was not very impressed with any of it. I ate it because I was tired and hungry (did I say that already?) but definitely did not enjoy the tomato based portion of the platter. Nor did I enjoy the crab cakes, but I think I don't generally enjoy them so have at it.
Don't know when I'll return to New Orleans, but this won't be at the top of my list of places to visit (unless it's after 7pm) when I go back. Definitely not outstanding, but not all places can be outstanding. :)The service here was really great.  The bartenders almost acted like tour guides providing great history and stories of the origins of the local cuisine.  We were hoping to have the Cajun style boiled crawfish, but they were not in season.  So we ordered the 1/2 pound broiled shrimp, the fried green tomatoes with crawfish sauce, and the seafood platter with fried catfish, oysters, shrimp, crawfish fritters, and frog legs.  The boiled shrimp were great, you get a nice sized shrimp, but the whole shrimp meaning you have to remove the head, legs, and shell.  The shrimp were really good, the fried green tomatoes and sauce were good my only complaint, the batter was a little soggy and fell apart at times.  The crawfish fritters were great, reminds me of a conch fritter.  The fried frog legs and shrimp were really good,  the fried oysters I fell do not work with a corn meal based batter, and tasted soggy after each bite.  All in all a solid spot in the crescent city.Kitchen was very short staffed but our waitress Karen  was working her butt off trying to get the food out. We went very late after a ghost tour when most restaurants were closed. Management needs to be more proactive during busy seasons like spring break to ensure proper staffing.Thai restaurant is AMAZING. We had an amazing experience with the food and our waitress, Chell. She is the best! Definitely ask for her. The only reason for 4 stars is due to the hostess at the front door who immediately told us that our party of 5 could not sit together and in order to be seated we would have to break up our party into 2 & 3, otherwise it would be over 90 minutes to be seated. While she was saying this half of the tables in the restaurant were empty. Despite our terrible, and I mean incredibly rude, experience with the hostess, our server, Chell and the food were FANTASTIC. 5/5 stars for Chell & food. Well done.We have been to this place. The food was good, server was good but the old lady was hosting us at the front door had a nasty attitude. We felt like we were not welcomed at this place. She sid the door was dbroken we could not fit the twins stroller then she said because we already had drinks on hands.. we are not allowed to be in there... she refused us. We said we could throw drinks away no big deal... but she acted like she did not want us to be there. We decided not to have lunch at this place and will never be back. She is terrible.We ate here on a whim, and man were we disappointed! Earlier that day we had some amazing shrimp for less than half the price across the river, and then paid $24 a plate for mediocre food here. Had I paid $12 for my meal I might have thought it was decent, but for the price it made me think the food was just gross. My sun got the boiled shrimp ($10) and it was alright. Again, probably because it was reasonably priced for not being absolutely fantastic. 
The takeaway: ridiculously way over priced, and the food is sub par.We walked in here for some crawfish & shrimp boil, but ended up with other foods. Everything we tried was absolutely delicious. Don't forget the chocolate praline bread pudding. It's one of the best I've tried here in NOLA. Our server Tom was great!Delicious BBQ Shrimp, would order it again. Our server was great and we were served quickly. I like to pick a restaurant that is busy with lots of customers and it worked again with the French Market Restaurant. Try it!It's not the prettiest place but it has its charm. My BBQ shrimp were delicious but the French bread served with it was a crumbly rock.Just had a quick bite before an evening tour tonight. Based on the reviews I read I was excited to try the crawfish and blackened alligator. They did not disappoint. The alligator came out first with my salad. It was tender and perfectly spicy. My first inclination was to dump it on top of my salad. It was a great add on. I also had my first Sazerac which I have to say is a much more sophisticated libation than the fruitier drinks that are so popular in Nola. Finally a small boat of spicy crawfish that tasted like I expected. If you are ever here this is must eat place. Moderately priced and good portions of well cooked food.The prices were really affordable. The crawfish was delicious! The gumbo was really really good but it was kinda small and not had warm as I would have liked. My only complaints were: the fries were cold (think re-warmed McDonald's fries cold), they were out of blue crab, and they didn't have warm butter. However, the service was great. Definitely would come back!Management was rude to the point of being obnoxious and was unapologetic about terrible service. I've had terrible service before but am unsure whether I've had a manager who refused to remedy the situation. I was offended by the way management treated me and what they said. I would have walked out but for being with a group. 
I suggest avoiding this dump like the plague.This is an old review that I forgot to publish. We came here in on our visit to New Orleans in March of 2011. 
As much as one would expect for a tourist-trap place: food was so-so, service was curt, overpriced for the overall quality. Ordered the "hot boiled crawfish"... except it was lukewarm. I thought it was suppose to be "hot boiled"?! I guess it was a decent-sized basket of crawfish for $9.99. The seasoning was meh, nothing to rave about. I would say it was disappointing but I expected to be disappointed so I guess it wasn't really a disappointment... if that made any sense at all. Anyway, didn't try anything else so maybe they have other food that was worth it.All we ordered were oysters on the half shell and charbroiled oysters. Oysters were fresh and delish! Can't go wrong with that. Charbroiled were good but it was just cheese on top nothing special. I wanted to try Acme Oyster House but didn't get the chance to :(Dixie Beer and bugs. Top that! OK, I will - with a half dozen freshly shucked raw oysters! And a 2nd pound of bugs. They boil the crawfish in the window and the smell draws you inside. The shrimp creole was tasty - could have used more shrimp - and remove the tail before you drop them in the sauce!  Initially the service was a bit slow for the number of tables our waitress appeared to cover, but she recovered. I'd come back here.First place we stop for food after landing and heading to the French Quarters. Got the Cajun Bloody Mary and it wasn't spicy so had to add more Tabasco sauce but overall it was ok. We had a party of 6 so we did share some fried gator, which does taste like chicken, and garlic and herb char oysters, love the oysters. My hubby ordered the shrimp and grits, grits were awesome and I ordered crab cakes, too much breading and had no flavor.We wanted a cup of coffee after dinner and stumbled across this gem.  We ended up getting pecan pie for dessert, that was amazing! they had a live jazz band playing and service was fast and excellent!  We were there after the dinner rush, so I'm not sure how fast it is during busy times, but they have a bar! Food prices looked slightly higher than my other favorite place in the French quarter, but you can beat the location and atmosphere here including local music!Terrible tourist rip off. They took our order 15 minutes before they closed (and failed to mention they were closing) and as our order came out they were putting up chairs. Within a few minutes they were taking away our plates. The food was terrible, the "manager" was rude and it ruined our last night in New Orleans. After looking at the website I realized from a picture that the owner was standing right there and did nothing. THIS IS A TOURIST RIP OFF!The service was very slow but everyone was quite nice. It took about 10 minutes per drink and the restaurant was not that busy. My food was pretty good but you really can't mess up fried green tomatoes. There were some very interesting patrons at the bar which entertained me from a distance.As our waitress said, "seafood is what we do best!" Po' Boys, gumbo, barbecue shrimp NOLA style, seafood seafood seafood! I grew up eating cajun food living outside of New Orleans, so the gumbo I had was like deliciously warm comfort food! I think some of the reviews before are a little ridiculous when saying the place was fishy smelling... well hello you're in New Orleans one of the biggest port cities with a colorful history, and part of that history is the delicious food, so if you don't like seafood... don't go to New Orleans! Our group had a blast, and the smell from the restaurant is what actually lured us in! The only reason I didn't give the restaurant 5 stars was because I think the price was a little on the steep side, and the menu options were somewhat limiting! The staff is really nice, and the service was great, I would definitely go back!A little spendy and has a lot of tourists.... But three dishes here are important and worth checking out, their oyster chars, crawfish pie, and the fried alligator tail. The service is always friendly and attentive.Stopped in for a drink and snack. The Louisiana Lemonade was refreshing and hit he spot. We ordered fried crawfish tails, onion rings and hush puppies and they were all fantastic! Be sure to stop in for a treat and the A/C was nice.The service was good. That was the best macaroni and cheese I have ever had. It's a small place so you may want to come in at an off time. The bbq shrimp were yummy. We got the shrimp Maque Choux and it was good, too.
Nothing fancy, but a decent dinner with huge portions.I actually enjoyed this place. I agree with most that say the food is a little pricey, but it's fresh. I had the seafood platter for my appetizer and steak and boiled shrimp for my meal. I gorged out and ate all of it and it was awesome. I was reading the reviews before I ate and was pretty scared to say the least. I know it's more of a tourist destination. Even our waitress asked where were from. That was more of the offensive side, but she was great though. Prompt and polite at all times. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because the bathrooms were a little nasty and the atmosphere was a little dull. That is being picky, but I can't shell out 5s all day long.Came here for breakfast buffet. I'm just curious as to how someone can ruin simple breakfast foods. My tastebuds were assaulted by the most tasteless grits,biscuits and eggs. I would rather throw 10.95$ into a sewer then spend another cent here.Second time hear been here only shy of 24 hours and the food is amazing I came back for more.  Best jambalaya I've had the crawfish bisque is excellent!!! I would eat anything on this menu and will be back in a future vacation love this place !!!Go upstairs and order from the bar.  The crawfish are great! Super friendly staff.
We are new to crawfish but they were delicious.  Highly recommend is you are close buy.Reviews said service was stellar here. False. Realize place was slammed for lunch, but it took 13 minutes to take drink order and then 53 minutes for a cup of gumbo to come out.  1 of 2 appetizers came out and then our main dishes followed 7 minutes later.  It was a horribly timed meal and frustrating experience.
As far as food goes, the crab and shrimp artichoke dip was awesome.  It was an enormous bowl but it only came with a few pieces of bread. The gumbo was average, ate it with a fork, since that is what you eat soup with at this restaurant...  The shrimp creole was good and had a decent kick to it. The pasta jambalaya was really greasy. Almost to a point where it was inedible.
This was the fourth seafood restaurant we ate at during this trip to new Orleans, and by far the worst. With so many options around, i would not waste my time here.Great crawfish, the voodoo moon is a sweet but very good cocktail. First afternoon I sat downstairs, very nice. Second day we all sat upstairs in the balcony and enjoyed the live band as we watched people walk by.The dinner my group had tonight was not pleasant. To start with the hostess that showed the group to a tablet on the second floor was beyond unacceptable. The lady was chewing what appeared to be chips with an open mouth and was very disgusting. Our waitress that took care of the table was great though, if I was to return next week it would be because of her. It took 40 minutes to get the orders for the table, one order had sweet potato fries which were cold and not edible. One order was completely wrong, a shrimp and oyster poboy but got the platter instead. since it took 40 minutes to get the food it was pointless to send it back not wanting to wait all night. Another order of gumbo had undercooked rice and was also cold. Two glasses where dirty and had nasty stuff floating in them. When it was time for the ticket the waitress asked the lady that was sitting on the corner rolling silverware to get a togo box for one of the dishes but instead of getting a togo box she just sat down to eat a bag of what looked like fritos.  An attempt to fix the problem was not even made.Above and beyond!!! The Oysters were char grilled with this herb and garlic covering that was outstanding. The Alligator Sausage Sandwich was perfect. The bartender recommended a great local ale to go with everything and it was the perfect meal, perfect size and perfect taste. Great place and a must visit in New Orleans!I was showing my son the Quarters, during our stroll he mentioned he wanted some crab legs...we stopped at a few places, but they weren't up our alley.
We came here and found exactly what he was looking for!  He got the King Snow Crab legs and I had a Hurricane and Crab cakes.
My drink was tasty and full to the brim, not watered down.  My son devoured his crab legs, they never had a chance, he loved them.  lol.  
My crab cakes were very 'meh' especially at $18.00 for only 2.  Chile, please...
But!  I did have the cheesecake and it was absolutely DELISH.  
Our waiter was very cool and personable though.  It was late evening and there was a moderate crowd and everyone seemed to be enjoying their meals.
It's a cute place, nothing fancy---I'd go back again and explore the menu a bit more.My hotel, Provincial. Was right around the corner from this restaurant.  We passed it numerous times going back to the hotel.  I noticed this morning that they had boiled seafood.  I was hooked.  I told my friends to meet me here after they finished their bike tour.  
After waiting ten minutes in line, we were sent upstairs.  There we met the host, Bryan, who hooked us up with a table on the balcony.  We had a great view of Decatur and the Mardi Gras vehicle & pedestrian traffic.
Monique and I shared one pound of boiled shrimp, with corn, potatoes, and sausage.  They only gave us two pieces of sausage.  We could have had at least two more.  It was seasoned well.  Very good. Jennifer had the salmon and arugula salad.  She said it was good but it had too many pecans on it.  I had a side of one soft shell crab.  It was so good.  This was a great restaurant.Awww, where do I start?
Well, we were recommend to try this place if we wanted crawfish.  Well, the crawfish wasn't too spicy and very juicy. U can tell
The crawfish was fresh and not frozen. 
I also had the fried alligator. U really have to try this is ur adventitious. I loved it. 
Service was good even as this place was packed!!!I stopped in for the breakfast buffet, my favorite part was the crispy bacon, everything else was ok.  The staff was nice and the French market location was nice.  To me this was the same type of standard fare you will find at dennys or big boy.  There are moe interesting places to eat breakfast than this in the French Quarter.I went here fairly late one night and they told us it would be a ten minute wait that ended up going much later. By the time we were seated, the waiters were rushing us because we were the last tables and made it very known as well. Considering it was their delay and not ours, I didn't find it fair to treat us as rudely as they did.
The hostess downstairs was a sweetheart and very helpful. She told us that we would have better luck splitting our big group into two so we did as she said, she also mentioned this would exempt us from the included gratuity. Most hostesses don't do that, so it was very sweet of her.
While we were being seated, we mentioned we'd prefer outside because it was open and there seemed to be no one upstairs at all and the new hostess was very obviously rude about the request. Our waiter was even more rude and didn't want to answer any questions at all. He wouldn't even let me speak full sentences. I asked if I could substitute an item on the sampler and he rudely denied me saying that because of the new menu, they don't make any alterations. I asked if they could just take the item out and not substitute because my mom would lose her appetite looking at frog legs and again he rudely denied.
The group that was with us later informed us that their waiter even made a few racist comments because they were asking about pork ingredients and he told them to go to the Arab place down the street.
The food was good but the service killed the experience. Otherwise the balcony also has a great view of Decatur and the busy street below.It was so hard to choose where to eat while in the French Quarter.  We were only there for a few hours and this was truly a find.
I had the Blackened Shrimp with sweet potato fries and hubby had the Oyster Po Boy and loved it.  We both absolutely loved our lunch.
They have a great patio upstairs overlooking Decatur St and the service was really good. 
Good food, good service and a great people watching spot.My sister was begging for a po boy before her flight out of new orleans and it smelled incredible outside here so we decided to stop in...turns out the good smell was coming from across the street. This place had all your traditional nola plates for us to try out some of the foods we missed. Should have tried it somewhere else, but it wasn't bad. 
The place was just a little dirty and nothing special. She got her po boy and we tried some alligator and hush puppies. everything was just your standard battered and fried plate of grease and nothing was too fresh. no extra spice that made it nice, fries lookin straight out of mickey d's and prices higher than what any of it was worth. Service was average, and everything was just overall average and a shrug.We had lunch here on Christmas... Perhaps it was one of the few restaurant that were open, it was crowded and the food was very normal... The gumbo I had was flavorless and the po-boy was basically bread with salami...after 5 hours of walking, we came across this restaurant and decided to eat here and have an early dinner on the upstairs patio . food was was extremely yummy and good hearty portions!Of course they have all the local crafts from Abita to Urban South! The oyster poboy with hush puppies is delicious! Throw a little tobacco on there and maybe get a wild hair to order a Pimm's Cup!!! Very delicious and French Quarter favorite!This was probably the worst service and food Ive EVER had. The seafood gumbo must have had microbes.....because I didnt see any shrimp, crab or oysters. I wont repeat this mistake again. FINAL ANSWER!At first I thought the food was okay, not bad, we are having good conversations. After sitting on the 2nd floor balcony with live jazz music playing across the street for a few hours, we were enjoying the company. However, I hear a scurry and see a big fat rat run across the floor, then I look down on the floor and there are a cockroaches. I'm okay with mom and pop, but I am certainly not used to that nastiness at a restaurant! My colleagues were not bothered by the little creatures as they expected it in such an old place, but I picked up my feet and was ready to go since the rat could still be heard running around. Please clean this up! 
We had the shrimp boil because crawfish season is over and the crawfish boil was unavailable. We added corn, potatoes and sausage. It was okay, I'm used to more flavorful crawfish boils in California at places like Boiling Crab. It was quite bland. Also ordered oysters rockefeller, crab cakes, and crab dip which were not exciting and not worth it. The only reason why I am giving this place a 2-star rather than a 1-star is because of the exception people and service at the restaurant. They were extremely friendly and nice. In good company, anything  can be okay. But the rat and cockroaches really weren't forgivable. If you're okay with dirty places and want a balcony to enjoy the NOLA night, then go here. If rats near your feet freak you out, then don't.We've eaten here before many years ago.  Don't waste your time ordering The Rockefeller.  Wasn't very good and looked like diarrhea on oysters.  That being said, the red beans and rice, jumbalaya and fried catfish were very good.  The portion size is huge!  Unless you want leftovers, share with your mate. Nothing special about this place but has good traditional New Orleans fare.Good service ! Great food! This is the spot for the crawfish!! Love this place great ambiance and if your lucky they have rooftop balcony seating ! Every we ate was amazingThis was our second stop while in NOLA and I'd highly recommend heading here if you're looking for a casual lunch or dinner spot. It'd also be great if you're looking for somewhere to catch a game as they're are a few TVs around. 
Our waitress warned us that the entrees are very large and I wasn't that hungry so I split the fried catfish po boy with a friend. The catfish was lightly breaded and fried to perfection. I added some remoulade on top and it tasted amazing! And the baguette was flaky on top while soft on the bottom. We also got the hush puppies as a side and they were very well spiced. 
Just a heads up if you're going with a large group -- they can't split the check, but they can take up to 4 cards. 
So glad we chose to come here! I'll be back next time I'm in NOLA!Food Taste/Presentaion: B- Good food, although not a lot of options for those of us that don't eat meat or dairy (then again, it IS a seafood restaurant). Great Drinks. Large Portions.
Price: A-Very Reasonable
Ambiance: B it's a divey restaurant but has a huge second floor deck overlooking the french quarter.
Location: A It's across from the Mississippi River, in the heart of the French Quarter, across the street from the French Market
Service: A- the waitstaff and bartenders are wonderful...the wait is horrible.Our last meal in NOLA, on a recent "girls weekend" and it didn't disappoint! 
Our server was new, and really did a great job of juggling all the dishes we selected and keeping us hydrated with ample water pours, with a white wine here and there.
Our group tried the following: oysters on the half shell (5 star), boiled sausage, corn and potatoes (4.5 star and a great price!), a cup of crawfish bisque with lump crap added on (5 star decadent bliss), and a grilled fish (don't recall what kind) with asparagus.
Why no 5th star on this review? Because I asked for a diet coke to go, and was told by a server that it would be "no charge" and I think it was 2.00-ish. No biggie, it's the Big Easy and this is the French Quarter.
Clean restrooms, attentive servers, a slice of French Quarter history and a convenient location when checking the area out - Do try French Market. Bon appetit!We were so hungry when we passed by this restaurant. We ordered food that could probably feed 8 people- there were only 3 of us. As usual, we ordered charbroiled oysters, crawfish bisque, cajun shrimp, creamy crawfish pasta w crab cake and jambalaya. From the moment we got to New Orleans we pretty much ate the same things  but at different places. This place would probably be my 2nd favorite just after Acme Oyster House. I loved the pasta!!! Another thing that we enjoyed is seeing how "cajun" is different from what we have in L.A. Their shrimp definitely didn't come in a bag drowning in sauce. It was delicious. Plenty of things listed on the menu so might get overwhelming. The only thing I didn't like is that we waited for a while for our food.We are happy to report that we can provide a review on the French Market that exceeds most of the others.  Our experience which is limited on scope as we have had the same dish on each visit - char grilled oysters and a house salad. But the fact that in our five days in NOLA we dined here three times. Both experiences were of the same high quality. So good that six days later on our return from a road trip, before returning to the airport for our flight home, we are looking forward to our third visit for the same meal. Food and service was exceptional.Waitress was good.  Like the building.  Shrimp over cooked. Not flavored well.  Good sauce. The gumbo was ok.  Drinks were good. The atmosphere, location, and employees save it.Big caveat to my review is that we did not eat at the restaurant but did do a 1 pound crawfish takeout order. Crawfishs were tasty and nicely seasoned to a slight spiciness, so food wise, it was all good. The two stars review is really based on the horrible service experience. Apparently, the crawfish cookers and the bartenders/takeout orders have some kind of strange almost adversarial relationship that spills over to how customers are treated.
First off, having never been to the place before and not knowing the appropriate protocol and with no hostesses around, I went to the raw bar (which is located right at the entrance) and asked if I could order a pound of crawfish to go. Guy said yep no prob but then walked away without saying anything else. Not seeing a cash register of any kind at the raw station, I meandered over to the bar where the bartenders asked me what I would like. I obviously said a pound of crawfish to go and she proceeded to ring me up at the  register which in my experience with takeouts at bars is fairly normal. However, when the raw bar guy saw her processing my order, he started flipping out and mumbling something about HE was supposed to process the order and this and that. I was obviously bewildered having no idea what was going on and the bartender said "don't worry about it it's not you, they do this all the times with customers." If that's the case, management really need to sort things out before this conflict really explode one  day, not to mention before more customers become turned off by the establishment.This place is bad. We had the gator and peel n eat shrimp as appetizers and could not finish either as they were both fishy. After i finished my $8 beer we got out of there only to see they automatically put an 18% gratuity for the 2 of us. Ridiculous. Please don't go hereWas VERY crowded on a Thursday afternoon.  Waited to get seated and service was a little slow but waitress was very nice and good humored!  Bar tender (Carter) was NOT friendly or into customer service at all!  Apparently he doesn't care about being tipped!  I could give details but we won't waist our time on him !    The Fried Green Tomato appetizer was fantastic as were the raw oysters.  Red beans and rice are spot on, jambalaya was very good, gumbo was better than average but not better than my home made (of course, lol).  The jumbo shrimp platter(fried) was ample and good.  Snow crabs were boiled in crab boil which is awesome and the boiled shrimp were huge!  All in all, food great, our waitress was good and entertaining!  Biggest complaint was the bartender CARTER! Would have gotten a 4 star if is wasn't for Carter :(. Get another job!I'm giving this place one star because zero stars isn't an option.
I adore food... I love everything about it. Except when it's prepared and served as carelessly as at this miserable excuse for a restaurant.  
My boyfriend and I, both of whom are in the service industry, went in for a quick bite/attempt to qualm our oyster cravings before the dinner rush and were absolutely appalled at both the poor quality of food set before us, as well as the lack of attention the waitress paid to our table... we spent half our meal trying to find somebody to refill our drinks, even though there were two seemingly-senior staff members and two servers on on otherwise-empty floor.  The only time our server paid us any mind was when the bill came, whereupon she hovered over the table waiting for her tip, which, for the record, was the lowest I've ever left.
As far as the food, our raw oysters were unfresh and slightly cooler than room-temperature. I found my boyfriend, an oyster purist who prefers the flavors of the gulf to gratuitous cocktail saucery and lemon juice, loading up his fodder with the available ketchup-and-horseradish mixture just to give it any flavor at all.
The "chargrilled" oysters were just sad.  Maybe I've been spoiled by Drago's and Acme, but presenting a plate of tired oysters covered in what tasted like shaker-can Parmesan cheese and residual grease is just wrong!  
I'm not trying to be a bitch, but putting out quality food isn't That difficult, and for $68.00, I expected better.  Don't be fooled by the enticing window display and come-hither seafood boil smell - save yourself the frustration and expense and go somewhere else.Sat on the balcony upstairs. Service was well informed and attentive.   Oysters and crab au gratin were excellent.i didn't have very high expectations for this place, but we saw the oysters in the window and that's what we wanted. the place seemed very touristy to me, but again, oyster snacks were the drive for us to go there.
they oysters were very good, cold and fresh with a nice and spicy cocktail sauce to accompany. we also tried the calamari, which wasn't  very good. someone next to use was eating the jambalaya, and although i didn't like the first one i had, i thought I'd better give the dish another chance. 
this one wasn't a tomato base, so i thought it would be very different. i must say it was alot better than the one at coop's in my opinion. the rice was a little firmer and the sausage in it was very tasty. i reminded me alot of a poor man's paella, without the saffron. we tried the fried crabs, but i was having a hard time getting past all the weird brain looking stuff inside, so i won't comment on that one. we also had the shrimp/oyster combo plate.  it was a  basic fried seafood plate, nothing to write home about, good, but nothing amazing.  
although this place was better than i thought, it is touristy. so you can expect to pay too much. the one that was great about this place was the upstairs balcony seating! very nice to just chill and people watch on Decatur street!After along morning walking in the heat I came across this place.  Really good food & very favorable. I ordered the shrimp n grits which were great. The other dishes my mom & step-dad had were good as well. 
The Cadillac is a must try. Our server we had was very friendly & helpful. This place is a little pricey but worth every cent.I wandered in here after smelling the foodwith a group of girls who were indecisive and had one gluten free eater and one vegetarian eater. The menu clearly marks GF, so that was a major plus. Our male server was very friendly and helpful. My cousin and I shared chargrilled oysters, jambalaya and grilled alligator. The oysters were AMAZING. I've never had anything like it. I'm not a big oyster fan, but they are completely transformed when they are grilled. I had only had alligator fried, but we really enjoyed it grilled! I was nervous but it was tender and had great flavor. The jambalaya was also very good.  We were glad we stumbled into this restaurant!Overall good meal. Great tourist trap effort.
Charbroiled oysters were very tasty. Bred was skittle hard & need some dipping sauce!
Fried green tomatoes were too pricey & just ok. Sliced too big, fry fell off too easy & little sauce & flavor.
Catfish/shrimp combo Poboy was excellent. Fried well, great taste & big. Bread is just ok. Remoulade & cocktail sauce were very good.
Boiled crawfish had good seasoning & good despite not in season.
Service was not bad.Only reason why I gave this place a star was because our waitress was so sweet and efficient. Other than that however, this place is horrible! The food was disgusting and the drinks we ordered were watery. The hostess was extremely rude to us and had an attitude reflecting she doesn't care about her role in the restaurant. We ate at many restaurants in the French Quarter and this by far was the worse.The chargrilled oysters are out of this world! We ordered the boiled shrimp with potatoes, sausage and corn. It had a nice spice to it, not too hot. The in house made cocktail sauce on the other hand was plenty spice. Very good!No trip to New Orleans is complete without  a steaming batch of boiled crawfish. We decided on dinner here after we smelled the crawfish cooking during our visit to the French market in the afternoon. These mudbugs did NOT disappoint! 
The lower rating for this place is purely due to service. Our waiter was atrocious and did nothing but make excuses. It took at least 10 minutes for him to bring our waters and at least that long for him to bring my boyfriend his beer. However, when we asked for a second boat of crawfish - one was seriously not enough - he brought it to us almost immediately. 
We ordered the blackened alligator for an appetizer and asked the waiter to bring us some bread to soak up the seasoning with. Absolutely incredible! You have to try this stuff. The crawfish was piping hot, perfectly spicy and delicious. 
The takeaway here is the food was incredible, but service was beyond frustrating. We weren't the only table who looked displeased. We might return, but with the wide variety of options in the French quarter, we'll probably try somewhere new with a better reputation for service.Service is beyond amazing, super engaging and sweet. The Cajun alligator, super delicious. Oyster, probably the best. Over all great little spot to dip into for a quick bite while walking the streets of New Orleans.Crawfish were spicy like I like. It smells awesome in here because they boil the crawfish right in the front. Potatoes and sausage were good too. I also really liked the shrimp poboys from here.