Chic, cozy atmosphere with lush sofas and exposed brick make this small restaurant/wine bar a great place to have a full meal or light bite. I had the slow roasted chicken with shredded mixed vegetables which was so tender it fell off the bone. The veggies were a little salty so I didn't eat those. Surprisingly for a wine bar the server was not very knowledgeable. They offer flights of wine -- for instance 3 whites for $20, but I discovered that only after I ordered a $15 glass of one of the whites. I pointed that out since I wanted another glass and he agreed to give me another glass (smaller) and count it as a flight. 
Overall I would recommend it.We loved The Tasting Room so much that we stopped by 3+ times during our weeklong vacay in New Orleans. Charming ambience that's a breath of fresh air after a night of partying on Bourbon Street and exceedingly kind owners to boot. Toby and Lisa were amazingly courteous and gave us great recommendations on where else to go in the Crescent City. Nothing better than sinking into one of the comfy couches and trying a flight of reds or whites as Toby and Lisa walk you through the flavors and aromas. Big plus for the pasta and meatballs served in the back of the place too - tasty and unique in that you can order the sauce and pasta shapes separately.As a French Quarter denizen, I don't generally cross Canal Street for anyone or anything. However, I happened to meet the charming people in charge of The Tasting Room. So glad I did. Superlative time: this place is the most charming, delicious, glamorous, cozy, sexy place you can imagine. White butter - feeling couches coupled with chandeliers coupled with a very good looking, knowledgable  staff that make you feel like you are the only one in the room equal a totally unique experience. The small plates (the combo cheese and charcuterie is heaven) are so perfect for sharing among friends. Or yourself.The Tasting Room is a new place that opened in mid-February and seems to have increasing crowds now that the word is out (and Mardi Gras is over so people can actually get there).  The space is practically unrecognizable from previous tenant Diva Dawg and has much more ambiance, with the courtyard offering food (from a pasta place operated by separate owners) and some seating which appears to be popular.  The front space is cozy and the only thing strange with the setup is that most seating is 4-top tables or a couple larger groupings with couches that seat 6-8 people.  Once they get crowds it may be a bit difficult for couples to find seating unless they share a table with other people.
Overall, the atmosphere is nice and there are quite a few wine options by the glass with generally reasonable prices.  $7 for a nice Tempranillo?  Count me in.  The Argentinian Malbec-Cab blend was a huge hit with my wife who can't stop talking about how good it was - a bit on the pricey side at $16 but I'm willing to pay for good wine as necessary.  There are also quite a few California options and even a few from Oregon.  Many of the reds are on the big side but over time they've added some additional French or slightly lighter options which I like.  I also saw quite a few groups who purchased bottles to be shared by the table which makes the evening a bit more cost effective too.
Definitely a nice new hangout spot on Magazine Street, check it out.Bad food, bad service, overpriced, annoying clientele, small portions (yes, I know these are small plates, but this is ridiculous ). 
Everything about this place is a joke.The service was laid back but the food and atmosphere were awesome. There's formal and informal outdoor and indoor spaces. We would definitely go back!Absolutely fantastic atmosphere, warm, cozy and dim. A few antique style sofas with low wooden coffee tables as you walk in followed by a few tables and the bar. Walk through another door and you're transported to a beautiful outdoor oasis with plants, a small fountain and heaters for colder nights. Amazing food (had the meatball, Mac n chz and fries) and plentiful wines with flights available. A must for the garden district!This is a very charming, beautiful place at the beginning of Magazine Street. My husband and I stopped in here on a Sunday evening and shared several small plates. The roasted cauliflower, truffle fries, and avocado toast were all delicious. That said, the chocolate Crème Brûlée was the real winner...soooooooo good! We enjoyed all the wines we tried and they had a very nice/unique selection that you would not find at many other locations. You could make flights with any of their wines but the glass which was a nice way to try a variety of different wines. 
The bartender was playing all roles when we were there,  but he was friendly, prompt, and we were never without wine! We would definitely return on our next trip to New Orleans!!!Awesome food, wine and atmosphere!!!! This is our first time to New Orleans and we love this little gem in the Lower Garden District.Love it!! A unique spot in New Orleans in that you can lounge for a while in a beautifully decorated space, with high-quality wines, and not be pushed up against a bar trying to get your order in, or just waiting for a table. The owners, Toby and Lisa, are super friendly and will go out of their way to speak to you and answer any questions! Comfortable for the wine connoisseur as well as the newby. This is a great place to meet up with girlfriends, or on a couples outing before/after dinner!Really great wine bar in a terrific location.  Always an excellent selection available and very knowledgeable staff.  Food is excellent.  We had a multi-course dinner and pairing here on new years eve and all the food and parings were superb.  My favorite place to have a drink on that part of magazine st.  Also, dog friendly and great patio!Had a wonderful evening at the tasting room. Located in the now trendy Magazine Street area of New Orleans. The tasting room is relatively new, but exhibits the local ambience of New Orleans. 
We had the chefs cheese board as our appetizer, and shared it amongst the four of us. We also had the truffle fries, which were awesome. My wife and I shared a shrimp Monica entrée, which was more than enough for both of us after the two appetizers. The wine was very good and the selection was adequate. The restaurant offered wine by the glass, and by the bottle, but without any less expensive house wine. The tasting room also had several spirits for tasting, but did not offer mixed drinks. The cheesecake we had for dessert was very nice, but was nothing spectacular. The shrimp Monica we had  as our entrée was awesome. It was a large portion, with plenty of shrimp, and spiced very nicely.
All in all, a very nice night, with very good food and ambience. My only negative was that the waiter came to our table at the end of the meal and loudly announced our total bill to everyone within hearing range. The bill was paid at the table using Square payment technology, which was nice. I felt the payment could have been handled in a less public way, without the announcement. Not a big deal, just part of the review.Love love love this place! I work right across the street, and it's the perfect place for me to grab an after dinner drink, and share some small plates with friends. I always sit in the courtyard, and I'm obsessed with their projector playing old black and white movies. Everything I've had food wise has been great, and the staff are all super welcoming and attentive. Perfect in my eyes.I did the Tasting Flight and highly recommend it! It came with 3 dishes and 3 wines. Verdicchio paired with Shrimp Monica, Cabaret paired with the Big Ass Meatball, & Pinot Noir paired with the escargot! Absolutely amazing - would definitely come again!I really enjoyed this adorable and cozy spot. Located in the garden district, so there is plenty to do around it. The service is top notch as is the wine list. The patio is super cute if u don't mind getting bitten by mosquitoes! For the vibe ,it's worth it tho. The macaroni wasn't cheesy enough for me, but because everything else was great;I"ll be back again!Stopped in to the tasting room based on the reviews and we weren't disappointed. Very friendly folks and an interesting selection of wines. We both had red flights and for $20 we each got a nice mix of varietals. We ordered the petite filet and a salad and unfortunately the order never made it back to the kitchen. They were more than gracious once we pointed out that we had waited a while and rushed a new order.  Everyone has those days and they fixed it. That's the kind of customer service we look for. The filet w/ mashed potatoes and salad were tasty. Petite is the key word here so if you're hungry get a cheese plate to start.  If you find yourself on magazine definitely stop in for a glass of vino. Ps, the chocolate mousse was wonderful!The worst service I have ever experienced. I spoke to the manager after we waited for our drinks for upwards of 30+ minutes and all he said was "I was hesitant to seat you. You are a large group." My friends and I were a group of 7 girls and if the manager didn't think they could serve us they should not have seated us. Our drinks took over an hour to all come out and some dinners at our table were served before my friend received her drink. This is absolutely not ok. I did not want to pay for my meal and neither did my friends. We will never come back and we are telling people we know not to come here. Don't even waste your time in the restaurant it's not worth it!!!Loved it! The wine folks in the front were particularly friendly and helpful. The pasta from the back was delicious (although they're gone now). Eclectic decor. If I lived in the area I'd certainly go back.This is an amazing place exceptional will e list delicious food and the highest back of hospitality, this is an authentic NOLA experience.   Victoria was our server she was so geniuinely warm and witty made our visit memorable. 
  Thank You to The tasting Room, NOLA must be proud to have you!!!They offer excellent wine, very interesting and different from what you can find at the store.  Their food is amazing as well!  Extremely  hospitable.  Check out their happy hour prices 3-7pm, even on Sundays.I am so happy I live around the corner from this gem! The atmosphere is perfect for a romantic date or getting together with the ladies. My friend and I split a bottle on the deck in the back and watched them make homemade gluten free pasta (awesome!) We didn't try any pasta but there was a list of noodles and sauces so I'm assuming you get to make your own combination. I did order the bruschetta though, which was delicious. I've only been once (not sure why...) but next time I'm going with an appetite!You judge a restaurant by its vegetables and it's consistency- and the Tasting Room has mastered both. The folks here have knowledge of wine on a profound level. You needn't guess on a bottle; simply tell them what flavor profile you are seeking and they will produce it in a fashion better than you had imagined. 
The ambiance is delightful.
The food is merely a formality away from being James Beard award winning. 
I look forward to introducing all of my friends and family to The Tasting Room.Fabulous!!!!
I cannot say enough good things about this charming little jewel!!!
The food was amazing. We ordered a charcuterie board.....great!!
Gumbo....while we are northerners and admittedly not experts.....it was delicious!!! And the Paella....perfection. The shrimp absolutely melted in our mouths.
We chose to sit out in the courtyard. Magical !!  The staff, Susannah, Erik and the owner were lovely. Susannah was our waitress...and she could not have been better, but Erik and the owner stopped by our table frequently. All three were attentive and sincere.  Delightful!!
We were hesitant at first because we are not wine drinkers. I actually wished we were that night because the other diners seemed so pleased with their choices. We enjoy craft beers. When we travel we enjoy samplings from local breweries.  The Tasting Room had several good choices.
Overall, an exceptional experience...not to be missed!!!I love this place!! It feels so comfortable, the bartenders are so friendly even when the bar is full. Food is delicious!! The chef is very nice and ingenious with his ingredient combinations. I have  noticed that portions have gone down though which is a bit disappointed as price has stayed the same. Wine selection is great and the tasting flights  are nice selections.Great atmosphere, great staff, and very knowledgeable about their wines. I originally only went to satisfy the needs of a school project, but certainly will be going back more often. Great food/wine pairings for any palette, from dry to sweet. If you have the time [and money], you should check it out.
Cheers.The absolute best place in New Orleans to come enjoy a glass of wine, great food, great service,  a place where everybody knows your name. Have been coming here since they first open three years ago. Congratulations to Toby and Lisa for a job well done.We stopped in to the Tasting Room two days in a row on our recent trip to New Orleans.  Once, just my husband and I, the second, with two other couples, one with their 1 year old.  Both times we were welcomed by super friendly staff.  The outdoor back patio was lovely, quiet and had a peaceful background of a tricking fountain.  The main room has couches and comfy chairs great for a groups of friends to gather and sit together as if you were at home, in a nice, comfortable living room.  
They gave great suggestions for wine and we enjoyed spending a couple hours here each day.  They ran out of sparkling water while we were hear and one of the bartenders ran to a nearby shop to buy more and serve at our table.  Top notch service and time.We stopped in for happy hour and had a great time. We had $5 glasses of an excellent petite sirah and a 3 cheese plate. We loved the atmosphere and it's a cozy, classic, low key kind of place. Highly recommendI went in a group of four recently and am just getting around to reviewing the Tasting Room.  Big Yelp day!
So we had the best of luck in this wonderful night and chose a nice table on the patio just as the thunder claps started. Needless to say, the rains came and we became a nomadic group moving to standing places at the bar, then to sharing a seated area with some unwelcoming ladies to finally seated at a proper table.  The staff was wonderful, accommodating and upbeat. 
It's not a traditional sit down as one orders at the bar and then the permanent pop up delivers the food wherever you are sitting.  They chased us around diligently!!
We had the cheese plate and charcuterie - all wonderful with some real highlights on each!  The bruschetta was fantastic and a crowd pleaser.  However, the scallops and wild mushroom pasta were both tops on my list. 
The wines were reasonably price and there was a great selection.  
I'd say the only draw backs to the night were somewhat smallish portions (I think to keep the prices low) and the serve yourself kind of feel required a few requests like silverware.  The rain may have been a factor there to be fair though.
I'd say this is a great place for evening wine and snack/light plate meet ups for social gadflies!  I'm not sure I would head there if dinner was my game for any more than two but I don't think that's what they are aiming for!After a massage at Aria, my wife and I were looking for dinner away from Bourbon Street. Yelp led us to The Tasting Room, a small restaurant in the Garden District. It's a gorgeous little place that smacks of Timothy Oulton or Restoration Hardware circa 2012. The staff's greeting was friendly. They were happy to have us without reservations. We sat on the tiny, dim patio. We started with a beautiful plate of cheeses and charcuterie. It was big and delicious- the blue cheese was excellent. Then, we split a giant house salad of leafy greens and the house vinaigrette. It was good- not a showstopper, but good especially after the heavier meats and cheeses. Lastly, we shared the paella. The paella was the star of the evening. It was spicy, dense in flavor, and chock full of seafood. I especially liked that the chef popped out several times to gauge our reactions and where we were in the meal to prevent sending the next dish too quickly. Overall, we've been in town for three days, and The Tasting Room is my favorite NOLA place so far.Love everything about this place! Good wine selection, knowledgeable & friendly staff, cool music, good food & the perfect sit indoors or outdoors situation on Magazine Street. YES!!!!
Try the charcuterie & the sparkling rose!Amazing... the food is amazing.. don't 
look back when deciding to eat here.. just go..
Atmosphere is very eclectic.. awkward seating.. slightly odd staff.. but it will not matter once you've had the avocado, shrimp, tuna starter.. or the fish.. or the filet.. 
Beats most dinners I've ever had..
Will be back. blown away.We found The Tasting Room by accident on a recent walk along Magazine street. Awesome wine bar with a thoughtful selection of delicious wines, and prices for every budget - I think they started at $7. The 'wine-tender' (I believe it was the owner, Mr. DeVore) was very friendly and one could tell that he does it from his heart. I particularly liked the decor and the ambiance - very eclectic and modern, a blend of industrial/rustic and hollywood-y glam, I loved it! Will most definitely be back to The Tasting Room next time I am in town, and I wish him luck!Just another example of why I use Yelp when I'm far from home. Polly (level 1 sommelier) gave wonderful suggestions for food and wine pairings. The music "reel" ranges from Nora Jones to blues to soft jazz and all seemed to match the mood of the food. Kudos!Truly delightful. Great wine and vibe without the pretentious feelings of other wine bars in the city. Bartenders are knowledgeable, willing to answer questions  and eager to offer suggestions for a great pour. Delicious cheese plate too! Nom. Extra perk is Arabella pasta in the back...Will definitely be back soon!Stopped by late on Sunday night. Very friendly staff and we felt welcome. The courtyard has a cute set up. Escargots were very tasty and so was paella. A very nice find.Spectacular rustic ambiance, great service, excellent food, fantastic wine.  What's not to like?This place is great all around. Beautiful atmosphere, great selection of wine, nice service, quality food. I came here for a book club meeting and this was the perfect spot. We sat in a corner section that was set up like a living room complete with couches, ottomans and coffee table so it was very relaxed and comfortable. The only negative I have is that I wish the place was larger. If it was a crowded night, I can see it being a issue space wise.Have a few pre made flutes @20 which is 3 half pours, and then you can also create your own @the same cost which is rare. Cheese plate is plenty of food for two people or enough for one for dinner. Quite place, cute but no real ambience.I had such high expectations before I ventured in here. We were looking forward to the paella (more of a jambalaya feel). I was disappointed. It lacked flavor, and seafood wasn't what I thought it would be. The sausage was probably the tastiest. 
I would probably come back again for some wine and cheese but probably not to eat. The photographs on yelp looked lovely. I wanted to love the food. 
Our server was nice and quirky. He was very enthusiastic about wine. He was open to talking to us. He was also eager to help us pick out a white wine (we usually drink reds). I really thought it was nice that he gave us both a sample of the bottle. In almost all restaurants/wine bars we have been to - they always ask the man or the woman if it's acceptable for the table. We are as equal! Oh yeaaaaah. Ha! The wine was divine that he had offered.
The seating is intimate. Truffle fries were cooked nicely. Not salty and this was great. 
We were asked if we wanted to pay with an iPad before we even finished our glass of wine. I was a little taken back by this. I think we probably would have ordered dessert after the wine.This is the most comfortable place I know to have a drink and talk. I love the living-room atmosphere and the fact that you can hear each other.Amazing space. Very good service, wine, and food. Loved the French triple cream cheeseTook a pit stop for a quick glass of wine and some good conversation.  Nice spot to hang out, have some wine and a good meal.My husband took me here for my birthday and we were not disappointed. We got the penne pasta with white burgundy as well as a few different cheeses. All were phenomenal! I also loved the cozy atmosphere.Great casual gathering place with great wine and food . Group of friends or first date it's the perfect spot . MarkThe ambiance is great! I like the exposed brick and the chandeliers. The wine list is very extensive. The sommeliers are extremely knowledgable, they helped me get my fruity wine :-)Great atmosphere and the cheese boards are fabulous and had plenty of crackers. The bartenders are friendly and knowledgeable on the wine choices.Love this place!! I never leave reviews on yelp but this place was so great that I had to. The owners are so nice and know all about the wines they are serving. Tell them what you like and they will make sure you get the glass for you. The atmosphere is relaxing and it is such a great place to come for an hour or two. I would recommend this wine bar to anyone coming to New Orleans and especially to locals who can take advantage of the new tastings that they do.Absolutely adore this wine bar! It has a great atmosphere, very inviting and the owners picked out gorgeous furnishings! On Sundays and sometimes sat they have a wine tasting for $15 that features one certain area in the world and certain a wines from that area. The owners are super nice and other staff as well! They also have a great patio in the back where there is a little window to order home-made pastas with all the fixings you could ask for (not owned by the same people.) and the prices for the pastas are very reasonable. I definitely recommend this place for anyone that has an interest in wine and fun place to enjoy it!The staff are so lovely I felt like I left with 4 new best friends! Fabulous food, great wines and competitive prices. This place is a gem!Always spot on (!) with recommendations and service. I learn something new each time & could easily sit and listen to the stories about the wines all night. Great selection, reasonably priced and the cheese plate...siempre perfecta. The owners have definitely found their calling.Truffle fries, enough said!! good selection of wines and really cool place. Take some friends or maybe a date you will sure impress... the vibe is good however with some music it would be better. Customer service is great. More of the intimate kinda place, you don't come here to people watch. Def coming back when I'm feeling romantic for sure ;)Let me start by saying I'm not incredibly knowledgeable when it comes to wine.  I know what I like but beyond that I'm pretty lost.  Our waiter was great with explaining all I needed to know and making recommendations.  I ended up with a flight and they were all fantastic choices and all along the lines of what I enjoy.  I can't speak much for the food since they were experiencing some appliance issues and could only service the basics, which a cheese plate is all we were looking for in the first place and they were able to provide so I'm happy!  I'd definitely go back; I love a wine bar that is approachable.Delicious food, delicious wine, great service, and lovely garden patio. We stopped by here for a quick drink which turned into a few hours. One of our favourite stops in NOLA!Loved it! We decided to go here since it was right down the street from the restaurant we had dinner at. Inside was lovely with the chandeliers and the nice sofas. The noise level was low and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. Gabriel was great with helping us pick a bottle and giving us a run down of the menu. We ended up choosing a red Zinfandel and it was phenomenal! We sat at the sofa in the front and we weren't rushed at all which was great. There was a courtyard outside, but it was a bit too hot. Overall great place, no complaints.Expected tapas - got a full meal!  Excellent service. Had the penne ala vodka, the chef's chatacurie, truffle fries, escargot.  More than enough for four. Nice, eclectic ambiance. Would definitely recommend!Stunning main room, fantastic courtyard!
Helpful staff, great wine lists and small bites.  Highly recommend this spot to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Quarter when visiting.  So happy I stumbled upon this place. 
My only recommendation would be is to try and get some control over the massive horse flies that were out of control outside.  Was difficult trying to eat with them swarming.  Maybe some type of pest control for them?!  
Other than that - one of my new fave places!
I had a bubble flight and my friends had interesting whites flights - all highly happy with our recommendations. 
Will absolutely return!I emailed Toby in advance to set up a reservation for a bachelorette luncheon. He was very accommodating and the staff was great. Food was light and delicious, wine was a great selection, and the atmosphere perfect definitely a hidden gem on Magazine.This place is a hidden gem! I didn't know it was here. I went for dinner with a friend and it was absolutely perfect for a quiet dinner. First, it is really lovely inside, quiet enough to talk and cool but not pretentious, like some places feel. 
The food was all very good. We shared a tasting menu: truffle fries, shrimp Monica and creme brulee and also got the ceviche. The portions were enough to share and we both thought everything was really tasty.  We drank house wine for happy hour and it was reasonably priced and good. 
The staff was friendly and attentive. I would highly recommend for a date or a quiet happy hour with friends. I wish there were more places like this!I hung out here with a friend during happy hour a couple of weeks ago. I enjoyed the ambiance, the service, and the things I ingested.
The only thing I wish were different is that the day I was there, they had a pop-up instead of the regular kitchen, so I didn't get to try out the regular food. I guess that just means that I have to go back.NEW MENU IS AMAZING!!! I am so pumped these guys came to the LGD. Boutique wines, relaxing atmosphere and a fresh new chef serving top knotch dishes. Thank you tasting room!!This was the first stop on our trip and this place was just perfection.   The space is beautiful.   We had great service and food!   The cauliflower and our cheese board complimented the Sauvignon Blanc well.    This is an ideal place to eat or just have drinks for the atmosphere alone.  Very romantic for a date night in NOLA.Went here this evening with a friend for a girls' night out. We loved the chill vibe and beautiful decor. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. We ordered custom wine flights, totally worth it, and a better deal than by the glass wine. We had the truffle fries which were delicious. We also ordered a custom cheese & charcuterie plate. It was all amazing. We had the creme brûlée for dessert which is very creamy and different because it's chocolate. We had another frose to go to end the night. Well worth it for good wine, good food, and good environment! We highly recommend it!This place is awesome. The food is great and the staffs knowledge of wine was impressive. Very nice for a date night. Definitely try the crab cakes.Charming and romantic spot. So glad we stopped in. Great wine selection and offer wine flights of three half glasses for $20. A great deal. The bartender was sweet, friendly and helpful. Although we did not eat, the menu looked yummy.Amazing vast wine selection. Knowledgeable servers. Delicious cheese plate. Adorable courtyard.I love this place. Laid back, great wine, excellent food! Huge wine list by the glass, choose three to create a flight. Best cheese plates in New Orleans! The menu is always changing, and always great.After a day of travel, we had our first New Orleans meal here. It did not disappoint! It was such a quaint and nice restaurant. We started with a cheese and meat board, which we scarfed down before I could take a picture. 
We shared a wine flight - the waitress helped select three really great pairings with our food. 
I ordered the vodka pasta and my husband ordered the Cajun pasta. Both were tasty and flavorful. The servings were huge and allowed for a later snack.Gabriel and was amazing even though four of us came super late and were really loud!!! He recommended everything and was awesome.We just love this place- very quaint, even romantic in the inside.  You can do a wine flight for like $20 (I think was the price) and you can pick from any of the wines served by the glass, including those that $20/glass.  It is a generous pour as well.  I typically go here to try different wines, but I must say I was really impressed by the lamb meatballs with cous cous!  As expected, they have a really good cheese plate!We had a great time last week with a couple of suggested flights, cheese board and a couple of apps.  We spent a leisurely two hours and enjoyed the coziness inside as well as the  very knowledgeable and friendly staff.Very nice cozy place to hang out & socialize. They have a decent selection of snacks. They are very accommodating with the tastings, if you don't like it they'll give you something else.This was my second visit to the Tasting room and I was not disappointed! This is such a romantic spot with a great ambience. The patio in the back has heating and was playing an old movie. The wine selection is fantastic - although most glasses will cost you $15 or so (the minimum seemed to be around 10). I recommend a flight to try a few options. I had the cheese board tonight - $10 for 2 cheeses. We had the cheddar and Asiago, and it came with bread, olives/pickles, jam, and apples - it was delicious !I love this place.  Very intimate setting.  Food isn't super ambitious but what they have is very nicely done.  
Great wine selection, and I love the variety of wine flights.  Great way to try wines from regions or grapes we might not always think of.
Toby and his wife are awesome folks as well, and always do everything they can to make sure we're enjoying ourselves.I've been coming to The Tasting Room for a while, but realized my initial review is a little outdated. They no longer have the pop up Arabella Casa de Pasta and have since created their own menu of tapas. They have a good happy hour offering $5 select glasses of wine from 4-7 everyday. The space is dark and romantic with natural light streaming in from the windows and the pretty chandeliers. They have a small quaint courtyard in the back for additional seating. The staff has always been warm and friendly and very knowledgeable about wine if you are up for a lesson.Try the paella!! Everything was wonderful. We sat on the (covered) back patio as rain fell and had the most splendid meal. The BBQ shrimp tapas plate has just the right amount of kick and the paella is great if you enjoy seafood! The vodka penne had some of the best vodka sauce I've ever had. And the staff was a wonderful help with wine pairings for every step of the meal! A great ambiance, delicious food, and perfectly paired wine!Truly enjoyed this spot in the Lower Garden District.  We were able to walk from our AirBNB and it was great to be out of the craziness of the French Quarter.  We had small plates, including the cauliflower, ceviche and deviled eggs, all very good.  Another couple with us had entrees which they thoroughly enjoyed.
Service was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive.  I was most impressed by the quality of wines they had by the glass.  Most of us ordered flights of wine and all were good.
Definitely recommend!I wasn't sure at first, extremely glad we stayed.  Outstanding wine list,  and the food is even better. Have the paella, you will not be disappointed,  extremely fresh food.  Chicken was fantastic,  had the meatball and roasted cauliflower (thanks to the kids ). I would reconvene this place to anyone who loves will prepared food,  great wine and just needs to relax.Amazing food. Chill and comfortable atmopsphere. Super personable owner, staff, and doggy!!!  We will be back!If you are seeking out a great place with good vibes you'll find it here.   It's a charming small place with just a few tables and some sofas.   With the exposed brick wall, candle lights and a take your time attitude one could easily let an afternoon or evening pass away and afterwards remark that it was fun indeed.    The food is excellent -- whoever that chef is there must know a few things about foodies and wine.