I've lived in New Orleans for eight years and had not heard of this restaurant until I was invited there by friends for dinner. The location was convenient and attractive. The menu was interesting and varied. Each dish was well-prepared, flavorful, attractive, generously portioned, attractively presented, and reasonably priced. Service was friendly, courteous, prompt, and unobtrusive. The owner stopped by the table and was thoroughly charming. I may have a new favorite restaurant!They were very busy and seemed to be very understaffed during Essence. However, the food was worth the wait. It was beyond delicious! Our party had a sided chopped salad, crab cakes, pork chops with Mac and cheese and green beans, the backyard burger, and loaded cheese fries. No complaints. Oh, we also had the munch punch! The service was excellent too. Be prepared for over an hour wait!Everything I've ever ordered was delicious. The reason for the 3-star rating is that service is very slow.Such an amazing place! I have almost had everything on the menu and have not yet once had something I did not enjoy. Shrimp and grits and the Elysian peels are my favs! You can really tell they car about the quality of their product and that is something I always and looking for. great family restaurant and I will continue to frequent here. Oh...and the best part... THEY DELIVER!Quaint little corner restaurant with good service and good food. It was our first time and it was great for our girls night! The oysters and the munch punch cocktails are a must! It was definitely a place i would come back to!The Buffalo Oyster appetizer had some kind of amazing in it. Loved the Fines Herb Chicken with the best green beans ever. My son wants to meet Uncle Joe and thank him for his pasta. Great service!I've been here several times with groups, and have tried almost everything on the menu. 
It's definitely all good, but the two that stand out...Shrimp n Grits, and the Fish Tacos.
Just writing this review is making me want to go back. Nice, quaint little spot that's blessed with a comfortable seating layout so it doesn't feel too congested.This place is SLOW! As I write this, we are still waiting for our food after about 45 minutes. It's not even what I would consider busy -- there are six open tables. If you're in a rush (or hungry), I suggest skipping this place.  I will say that the waiters have been really nice though.
UPDATE:  We waited well over an hour while people around us, who came in after us, got their food.  We ended up having to leave because we were so hangry.  Maybe the food is good...we'll never know.Food and atmosphere were definitely a delight. Time to get food/anything else wasn't. To the ladies defense, they looked short staffed, but damn. Don't make me smell all that goodness and not have it readily available. All in all, its a good spot, and when in the area I would go back. Just not while hungry!Food is real great and succulent. Staff is very friendly. Food came out in a timely manner didn't have to wait long, half way into the shrimp and grits got full. The atmosphere is real nice and cozy real clean esp the bathrooms. The prices are reasonable for lunch time which is when I went.To die for food and service!  Leave your comfort zone and venture to Gentilly, you will not be disappointed!We ate here in December and the food was so amazing. I think it was possible the best pork chop I have had in my life. My husband had the ribs and he said they were delicious. It was so much food we could not come close to finishing it.  Oh and the Mac & Cheese! YES,  LAWD! The service was good and the restaurant itself was very nice. The parking lot is a little small, but it was not too crowded when we went so we did not have a problem. Since eating here were having given up meat, but there are several fish options on the menu so I can't wait to go back!Finally got around to getting to Chef Jordan's restaurant and it was a really good treat.  It was my mom's birthday so it was a nice little group of us. 
*****DISCLAIMER*****
All food is prepared fresh so there WILL be a wait, bank on it.
Although, once we finally got our meals there was not a single complaint at the table. The food was simply delicious.  I had the blackened red fish with crabmeat and it was really good, a bit heavy on 'something' that i can't quite put my taste to but i recently have been changing my diet so some of what i had that was fried (like the fried grits that came with my meal) sort of agitated my stomach, but it had nothing to do with the taste of the food, it was on point!
Of the appetizers that i tried which were the crab cakes and fried green tomatoes, it was nothing short of fantastic. I'm glad to have finally gotten around to coming here and confirming all the 'hype'.  Definitely a place to have new comers to the city check out.
Also much luck and success to Chef Jordan, great to see a fellow Lusher school mate on the rise!We loved the food​ and the service! We tried the voodoo burger and the oyster boat sandwich. Both really good! Also, definitely try a dessert- we had chocolate cake but I wanted to try the bread pudding too! Now I just need them to open a satellite location in Virginia :)The food at this place is outstanding. My husband ordered shrimp and grits and I had the ribeye steak with the tomatoes and basil. I don't even eat shrimp or grits but his plate was delicious. My steak was amazingly well-seasoned; it was great. Very relaxed and quiet atmosphere. We went on a Wednesday around 6:30-7:00pm. The service was great and the staff is very friendly. I would definitely recommend this place. I meant to take a picture first, but it looked so good that I dug in immediately!Best meal ever. My boyfriend had the pork chops and they were so delicious. I had snapper fish with shrimp and mash potatoes. I died. Bread pudding seriously punched me in the face, it was so good.Surprised by how lovely this small restaurant in the Garden District was.  Grits dishes were exceptional - one with shrimp and one bowl with cheese and beef debris.  Server was 13 but charming and knowledgeable.  Worth a visit.Excellent Place! The servers were very friendly and did recommend a dish to me.  I had Ribs with Potato slices and spaghetti salad. it was served hot and was very good!  Will return soon.New favorite restaurant in NOLA. This is a true locals place with non traditional Cajun food. Must have is the 4 cheese Mac N Cheese, Sweet N Spice Shrimp and cocktail with Jack Daniels Lemonade Tea.Excellent place next to the corner of Magazine. Good vibes. Great plates. I got a nice salad and my friend a burger. The salad was giant and i took fried oyster. Delicious. My friend got the burger but the patty was spicy hot. She loved it!This came highly recommended from a friend who's a native New Orleanian.  "Don't go to Dooky Chase," he said, "go to Munch Factory."
First thing, I'll say is I will definitely eat here again.  I think I'm leaving this place with 3 stars because of what I ordered.
To start, the service is very attentive, nice, but not overly friendly. 
My dining partner (a friend who was visiting from Cali) and I had a special appetizer, "Bang Bang Shrimp."  The size of the appetizer was just right, the flavor was POPPIN'! Loved them.
For dinner we split a "Large Seafood Platter..." Here's were things get tricky for me, because each individual item were fried very well.  Oysters were light and delicious.  Shrimp were well fried, fish was delicious, there was even some crawfish.  However, I think there were way to many fried onion rings.  Don't get my wrong, I like fried onions a lot... But they seemed a bit over cooked or as if the batter wasn't right for the onions, there was a lot of batter everywhere falling off the onions. Which was kind of disappointing.  But all the seafood was great.  I'll definitely go back for more items in the future.  I think it's a great place to bring out of town guest who want local cuisine that's not sooo Bourbon Street.Great food! Great music! Great ambience! Terrific service with a smile.
Thanks so much!I often passed this place when they were in Gentilly but it always looked fairly empty. Decided to order take out one night. Figured I would play it safe with a fried oyster ceaser salad. The salad was pretty good but was very over priced. I think someone actually counted the oysters on top..gave me like 6..not really much for a salad that costs well over 10 bucks. Most small po boys come with more than 6. Anywho..they have since moved to new location so I probably won't visit again.AMAZING food. great service. if you're looking for some gumbo, I would really recommend try it here.My husband and I came here after reading the other yelp reviews, and we were not disappointed! He had the herbed chicken and I had the catch of the day (black drum fish) grilled with yummy fresh jumbo lump crab on top! Beers were reasonably priced and there is a large cocktail menu. We were a little nervous driving here, some of the areas were a but downtrodden....but were pleasantly surprised with the restaurant! Very cozy and clean. Great staff and service! I would recommend and would definitely come back!!Gave this place another chance. Food was delicious..fish tacos OMG! Light on the salt this visit...The owner Alexis was very friendly too and remembered our faces...I will be going back...Neighborhood Gem...Great place for some casual eats. 
Nice clean, open atmosphere. Family stopped in for dinner. Gumbo is delicious, would definitely recommend. However their special soup of the day was the crawfish corn chowder. AMAZING! Too bad this isn't a permanent resident on the menu. Appetizer of nachos- delicious with a New Orleans twist. Shrimp boat sandwich exceeds expectation. Voo Doo burger was recommended and it was everything we hoped for- salty, sweet, and cooked perfectly. Service was good. Need to stop here if your looking for something a little different but still delicious.A great place to have a meal and a beverage! I had a wonderful experience and I will be backPorkchops yum! Wedge salad with rotisserie chicken...filling but won't be ordering it again. I'll try something else.What a great variety of authentic New Orleans cuisine! Every type of taste bud was activated and I fully appreciate that. Walked away satisfied with still some to take home. Cocktails were excellent. Service and atmosphere was relaxing. We didn't want to leave! This is my first Yelp review-- just had to write about The Munch Factory. Sleeping happy tonight! LolWhat an unexpected find last year. I was on my way to a Basketball Game at the Lakefront Arena. The UNO Men's Basketball Team was about to open their season. I wanted a place to grab some good food. I saw the Munch Factory and decided to give it a shot. I am glad I did! Since that night I have been back many times. I love to get the Roast Beef Nachos, Tuna Tacos and Back Yard Burgers. The Back Yard Burgers really taste like you are at a BBQ! Everything I have had over the past year has been great. The staff is super friendly, good parking and they keep your glass full.My husband & I ate here on a whim after getting to French Quarter Fest too late to really enjoy much of the food. This place completely satisfied all that we were looking for. We got the oyster boat & the bayou fries. At first we were a little skeptical of the higher price for these items, but once the food arrived, we totally understood why. The portions were large & we had plenty to take home. The roast beef debris & gravy on the thick cut fries was super flavorful, hitting on all the right tastebuds. Being a bit of fried oyster snobs, we could sincerely say that might've been the best oyster poboy we've had in the city in a long time. The chargrilled bread & housemade remoulade sauce took the poboy to a whole new level. We were way too stuffed to even attempt desert, but our waitress (who also happened to be the owner) gifted us a complementary piece of key lime pie. Once we got home & finally made some room to try it, it didn't disappoint & was the perfect ending to a perfect meal. We're locals & cant wait to get back to this place & try many more items on the pretty diverse menu.Really enjoyed ourselves here,the service was excellent....The food was very tasteful....a must stop. I suggest you try the fried salmon appetizer,....yep fried salmon yum yum!!!Great place that I cant wait to visit again. To be honest, the food was good, but not great. My husband and I both had gumbo and pasta (NOLA natives here, so we're super hard on gumbo). It was good, but not the best I've had. The friendly staff and great ambiance definitely made up for what the food lacked. My experience here was pleasant over all. Will dine again.Our server, Aleisha was personable and attentive. During the meal courses a young man assisted her, but unfortunately I didn't get his name..sorry Pensacola,Florida. He was just as attentive and personable as Aleisha. We had starters of Nola cakes and onion rings which both were great choices. My sister had awesome shrimp and grits while I enjoyed a backyard burger.
Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, and great food...we'll be back!! Oh, the homemade key lime pie closed my meal nicely.My dining companion and I stopped here on the way to a J.Cole concert. I forgot what he ordered and I think we skipped appetizers because we wanted to get to the concert at a decent time.
Anyways, I had the ribeye with Elysian peels (?). The aioli that accompanied the peels were a hit with me. I even dipped my ribeye in it. The ribeye was cooked and seasoned well.
The overall appearance of the restaurant is homey and the service was decent. We took tres leche cake to go and were very disappointed. It tasted like store bought dry cake with cool whip and some caramel drizzle.
I would revisit if I'm in the area. There's a handful of menu items I would love to try!The food here is Soo good!  And conveniently close to UNO. I ordered the fish sandwich with Elysian Fields potatoes skins- better then French fries!This fella has out done himself yet again. The food is excellent, always fresh. Recipes are on point. Today, we had the chicken tortilla soup, gumbo, blackened red fish with crabmeat, and a thick pork chop with 4 cheese baked macaroni that was slap ya momma suberb. If I could give 10 stars, I would give 20.Oh man the food here is fantastic. Next time I am in town I will visit again. Bread pudding was ridiculously rich and full of flavor. Also had the shrimp and grits.Really cool eating experience. Great place to bring friends or family for an awesome social experience. The food is tasty, local, and yet creative. The service was very attentive but not overbearing. Nice vibe. Nice decor. Nice taste of New Orleans. Whenever friends come to town, I will definitely show this place off.We had a delicious meal at 5 PM for lunch prices, after touring WWII Museum.  I had redfish with chopped salad, DH had the Munch burger with fresh cut fries.  Wow that's a great burger, very tender and tasty with a little chipotle aoli kick.  Service was very attentive and quick.Family  group came  here  for  brunch. Very good food.  Homemade  biscuits  and gravy delicious : gravy  was more  Cajun  than  traditional southern.  Potatoes  seasoned  perfectly.  Grits full flavored  and they didn't skimp. Drink refills prompt without  us  asking. Place  very  clean,  open, airy.  No clutter.  I would suggest expanding brunch menu slightly so people don't  need  to order  sides instead  of one  main  plate.I have had the pleasure of coming here several times now. First I want to say I'm thankful for a wonderful place to eat so close to home!
I have had had the steak and the pork chop which in my opinion were both great dishes to go with here. It's fresh, made to order and just plan wonderful. With mood lighting making everything seems all extra romantic too. 
Good off-street parking, minimal wait, helpful and efficient staff, great food. I mean you really can't go wrong here.
Great spot for dates and intimate dinners and small group experiences in my opinion.I went for a birthday dinner. Our waitress was awesome. Fun and funny. She was engaging and put on misic that we like. She even played Stevie wonder Happy Birthday for the birthday guy. The food was good. I'm the wings were really good. A person got them fried hard. I was able to taste one. The sauce was not salty, which was great. I had the Bayou Nachos. It comes with roast beef on the top. The beef was tender. I got my nachos extra wet (that's how the waitress said it). I was slightly disappointed I could not get the special because I could not sub out the mash. My husband had the salmon and grits. He really liked them. It wasn't as good as Mr. Bs but that's his favorite. I had the crispy chicken Ceaser salad. It was really good. Rxcellent dressing. It's the dressing that has the tange. Not cheap store brought dressing. I didn't eat much of it because I was full from the nachos. The atmosphere is nice and New Orleans with pictures of Mardi Gras Indians. A full bar. Nice and clean bathroom. This is not an upscale restaurant  but it is nice and you can tell it is treated with care. I hope they keep up the new location. Great staff and authentic food.The food was pretty good, but I have to knock them a couple stars for the service. I was in a party of 5 and despite seeing several empty tables upon arrival (7:30 on a Friday evening), I was told it would be a 45 minute  wait. I was waiting for the rest of my party to arrive, so I grabbed a seat at the bar instead of making a fuss. However, once the rest of my party arrived, it took a lot of convincing to get the staff to move one table next to another so we could sit. It didn't seem to matter though as we waiting a long time for our drink order to be taken and then even longer for our food to arrive. I think we were seated around 8:00 and didn't leave until 10, not because we had several rounds drinks, but because the service was so slow. 
They also do the thing where they add gratuity for parties of 5 or more AND separate checks.Great food and service. A must when visiting New Orleans!  Could have stayed for hours!! Shrimp and grits plus the Shrimp Remoulade were a wonderful way to start off our Sunday!!When Shercole suggested this place, I was intrigued. One of my family names is Munch and some of them do still live in Gentilly...of course, I think this place is more about the verb than the family name.
I enjoyed that the menu was a bit more varied than standard fried seafood. I loved the tuna tacos and the fish was really fresh and yummy. My shrimp boat was OK; the shrimp were delicious and perfectly cooked but there was too much bread and it was kind of hard so difficult to eat.  
Our server was attentive and refills on ice tea and water happened quickly, which is a big deal considering they were slammed the night I was there.
My only complaint was that the restaurant needs a better exhaust system. I ended up smelling like fried seafood after I left.This place is awesome! From the music, art, decor, service and of course the food! A+!! Visiting NOLA for the weekend and stumbled on this spot. It was the best food, by far, of the whole trip. It was so good that we went two days in a row for lunch then brunch. Between the 2 days our group had the Shrimp remoulade over fried green tomatoes (awesome), crab cakes, yummy gumbo, Crab cake benedict (best hollandaise sauce ever!), giant ham/spinach omelette, best grits I've ever tried, ribeye steak & eggs with potatoes (steak literally melts in your mouth and super flavorful and juicy). When I come to New Orleans again this will definitley be the first place I come back to. Also, cool art on the walls by ayo scott, Im ordering some prints online for my house. Great experience overall!Delicious.  Went last night before the Hornets game and had shrimp and grits.  Was more BBQ Shrimp on grits but still delicious.  Buffalo oyster app was good but could've used more HEAT! Buddy's porkchop was great even if yummy stuffed pepper was a little over salted.  Great staff! Wanna go back Mon-Fri for specials!I love this place and everything on the menu.  You must try the Oysters and the crab and corn bisque!Food was seasoned very well and great service I had gumbo, and ribs w/spaghetti salad.The food is amazing here. Everything I've tried has been great and they have a lot of variety on their menu. Service is always great too. Nice addition to Magazine Street!How much can I love this place? Everything you want is right here, with the best service you could possibly want. This is good New Orleans food. Just get a bunch of plates and pass them around. Where else do you get to talk about everything with the owner? Right here. Love this place!Affordable, good food. Bayou fries show that Cheese fries do not have to be messy slop tossed on a bed of french fries. They were delicious. Roast beef, cheese, and hand cut fries. Nice portion. 
Chicken entree included three delicious potato, cream, tasso croquettes and green beans sauteed in garlic. At $17, the plating made little sense, it left something to be desired. Some of the green beans were undercooked, restaurant was not busy. However, the chicken had a nice, subtle light herb gravy. Cooked well, and lightly breaded to develop a light crisp. I think the chicken was sauteed then flashed in the oven. I expected breast but was left with two underwhelming leg/thigh quarters if I am not mistaken. Rather pricy for what you are getting.
Overall, solid experience. Good service. Will return. Hope the restaurant gets more business.The wait staff was very friendly and knowledgable of all menu items. Honestly I felt that the atmosphere was lacking. Sadly I meal took about 45-60 to come out and the manager was more than happy to comp us a desert and apologize for the issue which honestly there was none our waitress kept me and my party completely entertained. Overall my experience was great I plan on visiting again. The munch factory would be a great first or casual date place.Upon my sister's recommendation I tried Munch Factory and found it to only be average. I found the food to be overpriced for it's quality. The owners are fantastic and the environment is quite nice but the meal experience did not live up to the hype.We met friends at The Munch Factory for brunch after church.  This place was a wonderful recommendation.  I loved the food and the service.  They also had unlimited Mimosas!  I definitely recommend you check it out.Expected more from the location. The service was terrible and the food was not the best. The server forgot about one of our appetizers and only remembered when we asked, at which point it was too late. Wish I had not wasted a visit here since I am in town for a few days.To be honest, all we had was the peach Bellini & the second line punch but the vibe, staff, and drinks were all top notch!Came down from san diego and somehow found my way to this place. Lucky me! I ordered the bayou fries and the shrimp and grits. I had no idea what I was getting myself into. The bayou fries were out of this world!!! Then my shrimp and grits wow. In California they charge twice as much and you'd get a quarter of the shrimp. I was happily surprised and very glad I ventured out of the usual tourist land of the quarter.Food:delicious! What a great friendly place. Come see Alexis and order a second line punch, then try the crawfish and corn chowder. Proceed to get your whole life with the food at this place.This place NEVER disappoints!!! I love the atmosphere, friendly staff, and most of all the food is delicious! I really feel like I'm part of the family here!!! That's the New Orleans charm tourists and local alike should have!! Hands down, this is the best place ever!!!Came here for dinner and the host was not amused when he saw us walk in at 9:50pm. No reservation and was able to get seated right away. 
The waitress was very friendly and informative, the manager was such a character (in a good way) we loved her. She showed us how to get good photos of our food in dim lighting which she learned from someone else. And the food was good. It was a nice atmosphere.
For appetisers our waitress recommended the Lower Garden District Fries which were bomb. The chef didn't think we got our order so he sent out a second one by mistake. If we hadn't ordered our entrees we would have taken the second one. So good.
I had the Shrimp and Grits which was good. I'm not sure if something was missing from the sauce itself but the shrimp tasted really good and the garlic bread dipped in the sauce was really good but the sauce and the grits tasted a little flavorless.
My sister had the Thick Cut Pork Chop which she said was good just needed a little more salt. My brother in law had the Fried Herb Chicken which he said was good and my boyfriend had the Blackened Fish which he enjoyed.
I would come back here again if I visit New Orleans but maybe at an earlier time when the chefs are tired from a days work lol.Dope. Shrimp and grits were beyond. Gumbo was superior (topped only by my Baton Rouge grandma's). I also sampled, and enjoyed, the green beans. Most importantly, amazingly kind and friendly staff. Our party stayed well past closing time and they turned the music up for us and we had a mini dance party. Bar selection was limited, but the food more than made up for it. 
One of the best decisions of my trip.Good food, warm, friendly, service, lovely atmosphere.  A positive addition to the neighborhood.Bright airy contemporary restaurant with a nice selection of food. The waitstaff is very welcoming. You rarely come across people that wants to just make sure you are having a great dining experience but this place is one. I had fries topped with cheese and the most amazing gravy you've ever had! When I tell you mouth watering, I'm not doing it justice. Make it a point to go there if you are in New Orleans near the Garden District!Bayou Nachos were yum and the oysters were tasty! However, I've had better service here in the past. The servers need to be more attentive. Sub par service tainted my overall experience this evening.Sometimes Yelp reviews lead me to gems and sometimes to duds,  this one is a dud. After seeing how high The Munch Factory has gone on our board due to soaring reviews I called my parents who live in the area and we went for dinner. This was a huge mistake. There were no specials like most restaurants in this class and the few entrees they did have were not to the liking of my old fashioned parents who prefer traditional New Orleans fare. We assumed that this was going to be a similar experience to Neyows on Jeff Davis. Neyows features contemporary and traditional creole soul food which was what I was expecting here and that was not the case. No charbroiled oysters either which was another disappointment. 
Seeing nothing on the limited entree menu my parents ordered oyster poboys with fries and I ordered the gumbo. The poboys were on some sort of bun instead of french bread which I couldn't understand and the oysters themselves were just ok. They had some house made fries that were not only overcooked but in grease that hadn't been changed in a while because they had a pungent aftertaste. They brought out some potato wedges to make up for it but they had the same grease problem which left my stomach aching as I sampled them.
My gumbo seemed to be old as it was very dark and the ingredients did not seem fresh either. Doesn't seem like they serve much gumbo here which is surprising for whats supposed to be a creole restaurant. There was a lot of ingredients but no crab, a lot of cheap sausage and one piece of shrimp. 
To make matters worse two oyster poboys with fries and a bowl of gumbo ended up being a $60 bill with tip. You can bet I will probably never be back here. I normally side with my fellow yelpers on reviews but this one I have to go the opposite direction. One of the worst feelings in the world is to be full of a meal you did not like. Thats where blue bell ice cream at home helps clean the pallet.This place was awesome great food and drinks!! The Shrimp and grits was my favorite!! The staff was nice and friendly and accommodated my friends and family for my brother's graduation!! Even helped us get some good family photos. It's a definite go to spot in my book!!!Disappointed. The service was really good, but the food was just ok. There was a leak in the restroom ceiling and a bucket on the floor to catch the water, but it was not working out very well. There was nothing special about this place, and I was mad that we listened to the Lyft driver who recommended it.Great location to go because you don't have to make a reservation on a busy brunch Sunday. I enjoyed my food but the bottomless mimosas was mostly juice and they made us pay extra for more champagne.You would never guess from the outside, but this restaurant is amazing. The decor is charming, the staff incredibly nice, and the food was by far the best I've had in the area. I highly recommend the herb chicken and finish off with the best bread pudding in town.  Definitely one of New Orleans' gems.The food was so delicious. I had the shrimp and grits and "The Munch Factory" didn't disappoint.Came here for a business meeting. Restaurant itself was at nearly full capacity at 11 am on Friday. Because of its size, there was no wait. We were promptly seated and had a great view of the street. 
Server immediately came and got our drink order. I decided to check out their homemade lemonade and ordered the Buffalo oysters. We settled on the munch bowl and shrimp and grits (We were both craving grits.)
And it was the perfect choice! Tons of food- filled with flavor and deliciousness. Both of us had plenty of leftovers. 
Will definitely be back.3.5/5 allow yourself time
yummy food, i mean stick to your gut food, i mean you ordered a pasta dish with cream and chicken strips in it food. you down? obvs!
it's a cute spot, and sometimes you'll find only a few folks in there. the kitchen can move slowly at times, so i wouldn't come here if i was trying to catch a movie after, for example. besides, i'm not sure if i'd stay awake because i am always stuffed with all the goodness when i come here. the servers are always friendly and the portions are filling. 
i'm selfishly glad that this is now in the LGD, because previously i'd just had the food at events. they are good community folks and if you're in the area and seeking some feelings on a plate, here you go.Holy cow.  This place is great. I have always avoided it, maybe just because of the name.  I think I thought it was just sandwiches and stuff.  It is much more than that.  
The greens on the Hawaiian tuna salad were incredibly varied and fresh.  This kind of dressing is always a little sweet for me, so I just ordered a couple of lime slices to cut it, it was perfect. The tuna slices could not have been any better. They were perfectly done. Avocados were ripe and soft. Wonton also textbook.  
If you like french fries at all, you really need to try the Elysian Peels. Omg. Definitely get the truffle oil and Parmesan, it's just an extra $2. They are thicker than house chips, but thinner than potato wedges.  Crunchy, soft, and very very garlicky all at the same time. I will get them every time I'm here.  
Don't let the lame name fool you.  The Munch Factory knows their stuff.I wanted to love this place so much because it's steps from the apartment. It was pretty dead for a Friday night which was nice because we were seated right away. My boyfriend and I ordered one cocktail, one beer, shrimp & grits and the redfish. The drinks took a really long time and once my cocktail was done, the server first delivered it to the wrong party. When it was sent back the server picked it up and brought it over to our table. When I tasted it, it was so disgusting and definitely not what I ordered so I told another server that i think they got it wrong. She told me she would take it throw some mango in it but I decided to just have water at that point. The shrimp & grits were PERFECT - like the best I've had, I was very impressed. My boyfriends dish though was so shockingly salty, that a guy who will pretty much eat anything pushed his food around while stealing bites of mine. I offered to send it back but he is way too sweet and felt bad because they were closing. It tasted like the chef had tripled the correct amount of salt and then added another 1/2 cup to taste. I ended up mentioning it to the server despite my bf's protests because it was bad. The two stars are for the shrimp & grits bc they were phenomenal but the mediocre service and severely oversalted dish kept Munch from getting any more stars.Have been here twice and both times have been blown away.  the food is amazing!  First I got the shrimp and grits... now I don't really like grits but I ate every last bit it was that good!  Then, most recently, I went on a Tuesday and got the short ribs and all I can really say is Get the Short Ribs!!!!This was hands down the best meal I've had in as long as I can remember. The service was excellent, and I cannot say enough good things. I am SO glad this place was recommended by someone who lives here because prior to finding this gem I'd had terrible luck finding all this delicious food I'd heard so much about. 
I ordered the shrimp remoulade and the shrimp boat - basically a fancypants po boy, and subbed the shoestring fries for the best grits I've ever had in my life. I devoured the shrimp remoulade, which was three fried green tomatoes, each topped with two giant boiled shrimp and drizzled with a sauce that make me get emotional if I think about it for too long. So, so good.
The shrimp boat was mindblowingly amazing. I mean the shrimp were much bigger than I expected, lightly fried, and on a giant grilled French roll. The grits were so good they make you wanna slap yo' mama. I cannot say enough good things, I really can't. Alexis was my server and I'm pretty sure if I lived in NOLA we'd be friends.Good food.  Very friendly staff.  Nice atmosphere.
Prices are lunch were on the high side.
But damn...those BBQ shrimp were good.