I love this Italian Pie! The wings are always on point!  The pizza is actually really tasty. My only complaint is that when ordering to go they have forgotten my drinks every single time!  Other than that they are super good and in an area with 4 other pizza spots within a 2 block radius that says a lot!This is the worst muffaletta I've ever eaten I wouldn't even call it a muffaletta I wouldn't even call it a sandwich $12.32 for one slice of hamI work in the quarter-6 blocks from this establishment and it takes well over an hour (still waiting actually) for them to deliver food.  we called to see where our order was.  the person on the phone said the delivery people were out and hung up on us.  the food is great, the customer service sucks and i don't think i'll be ordering again.  where is this delivery person? out having a drink?  it's now been an hour and a half and no sight of our food.The best pizza that I had while in New Orelans.   Customer service is always great, even when the place is packed.HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. My suggestion is to better spend your time and money at Theo's, Magazine Pizza, Reginelli's...really, anywhere else, even if they do not have delivery convenience because Italian Pie may not end up delivering anyway.
I called to order for delivery on a Wednesday night. I was told the wait would be 45 minutes to 1 hour. I was fine with that.
When an hour and 15 minutes rolled by, I started trying to call, and at least five times, no one answered the phone. An hour and a half after I originally called and ordered, the delivery man called and said that my pizza was cold. I could either cancel my order, or he could get it to me in 20 minutes. I said, ok, you will be here with my new hot pizza in twenty minutes. He responded, oh no, that is how long it will take the pizza to cook. I asked, so really you mean you will be here in about 45 minutes from now, which is 2 hours and 15 minutes after I orginally ordered? He said, uh, I guess so. At that point, I canceled my order and asked for the manager to call me back and confirm that the charge placed on my credit card was canceled.
Another twenty minutes goes by and I began calling again because I wanted to make sure they did not forget to cancel my charge. The manager was finally put on the phone. I asked if they every gave discounts on pizza when they were more than an hour late from their original delivery timeframe, but he said he could not discount. I have worked as several restaurants and have never heard of a manager not being able to discount for customer dissatisfaction.
Again, I reiterated that I would like to cancel my order and would like confirmation that the charge was taken off my credit card. The manager said he could not do this. I asked who could, and the owner was the response I received. I asked to speak with the owner but was told they were not going to be in until later. At this point, I was very frustrated; there was no one in the restaurant that could actually rectify a patron issue. I asked if the owner could call me once my credit card charge was removed, and the manager said yes, but he was about to hang up. I reminded him that he actually needed my phone number to call me back.
Needless to say, I never received any call back. At no point during any of these conversations did anyone take any responsibility, and they both neglected to say sorry at any point. The charge did end up coming off, but I will never order from Italian Pie again.One of those "don't judge a book by its cover".  Great tasting pasta and pizza for a very affordable price. Counter service with no wine. Only beer.
Ceasar salad could be tossed before serving it.
Yes they can do a bit more clean up around.Worst pizza we have ever had. Rude guy took our order and we have had much better frozen pizza from Walmart. The pizza was cold in the center....The Menu has one price and the owner of the establishment sets another when you order.  The calzone online states 8.95 and the store wants to charge 10.95 and the cheesecake online states 2.95 and they want to charge 3.50.  
They stated that they are not part of the franchise for Italian pie even though they are listed online as one of the franchises.
I paid more for dinner today at magazine pizza bc they are honest with their customers! 
Would boycott this place bc of dishonesty!Tasteless pizza.  Void of sauce and incapable of disrupting my hunger.  Uncooked mozzarella sticks.  So disappointed because I didn't plan on leaving my hotel room for a while today but I've got replace the taste in my mouth.Thank goodness the food saved the experience because the service was horrible. Spent $60 bucks for a waiter who looked like he was repelled by us. Love the metry Kenner locations. Won't be going to the N Rampart locatioThey rang up and gave me the wrong order and when i called to get what i CLEARLY order whoever the asian lady is there running her mouth like it was my fault and wanting to charge me because they messed my order up and thats sad because i liked going to Italian pie. Fuck this location!!This place doesn't even deserve 1 star! These people are crooks. When trying to order a delivery their prices were way higher than there menu and they told us they weren't a part of the franchise which is a lie! Do not go here or order delivery, your getting taken advantage of! Not a way to run a businessNaturally there are higher-rated gourmet pizza joints, but Italian Pie has a special taste that reminds me of my favorite pizza in the country-- Ecco's Pizza in Long Beach, CA. However, be careful: the Italian Pie downtown on Rampart is much different from the one located in Mid-city on Carrolton. This Italian Pie-- the one located on Rampart St. is delicious and good enough for a lazy weekend. The Italian Pie on Carrolton tastes like microwaved pizza! It's atrocious!  Anyway, the service here is friendly and quick. I typically call in my order when I'm around the block at Rouse's grocery (when I used to live in St. Roch), and find that my pizza is hot and ready to go within ten minutes. Not too shabby...It's been a long while since I've been here - but ran in yesterday & got my usual - Mediteranean Salad w/ added grilled chicken & splurged w/ some "breadsticks" (really just a small cheese pizza that is QUITE yummy!!) (oh & it comes w/ marinara sauce!) - you order at the counter & someone brings you your food - staff were very nice, salad was very good!! & like I said cheese pizza - yummy!!Good food, great taste, it did the job for my taste buds. Had me a pasta, the Alfredo sauce was nice and spicy.Italian Pie in the CBD is close to my office and delivers...FOR FREE! I love that if the weather is crap, they don't complain about delivering! Yaya! 
Salads and wraps are both delicious.The pizzas are ok, but their sandwiches are quite good. The cleanliness of the bathroom could use some help and the staff is very quirky but helpful and nice. I can recommend the Greek Roasted Chicken and Italian Special sandwiches.I gave this review 1 star because -10 stars wasn't an option. I ordered lunch to be delivered today from this location for myself and two coworkers. We phoned in the order at 10:45 and were told that it would be about an hour. This was perfect, we get lunch from 12 - 1 .  When the food hadn't arrived by 12:30 I called and was told that it had left a few minutes ago but the guy had 5 other orders and they were now "busy as hell" . So, I figured we'd be eating at our desks. By 1:15 the order still wasn't here so I called back and was told it left a few minutes ago, I explained that I had been told at 12:30 that it left a few minutes ago and if that was the story again I wanted to speak to a manager.  I was told the manager "Mary" was not there. I asked who was in charge and was told no one or something along those lines. I asked to whom I was speaking and was told "Katrina" .  At 1:50 the order arrived, or should I say the order partially arrived, minus one entrée and two drinks. I called the delivery guy back and he told me he had to go back to the store and pickup the order as they hadn't made it the calzone. A short time later 15 minutes or so the Calzone arrived still without the drinks. A third delivery guy showed up 15 minutes after this with the drinks. Also the prices charged are higher than what is listed on their website. I will never go back and will encourage my family friends and coworkers to never frequent this chain.Their pizza is OK, but I like their Calzones (meatball and pepperoni) better.  The Calzone is cooked to perfection, with the crust with a lightly toasted color, just perfect!
I like to try different things, and therefore on another occassion I wanted to try the chicken wings.  We specifically asked the waiter (before placing our order) if the wings were fried or baked.  He said that they were baked so we ordered them.  As we received the wings with this perfectly crispy crust all around, and soaked on grease, we knew that we didnt get what we ordered.  The wings were a total dissapointment.
I havent tried the salads, but I have seen a few of them served on other tables and they look great.  One of these days I am going to try one.While being supercranky at Civil Court Jury Duty (across the parking lot and behind the restaurant), I decided I deserved a lunch out.  The service was fine; c'mon it's counter service.  And the menu is comparable to other Italian Pie's I've eaten at.  I liked that they had daily specials and that the food came out fast.The absolute worst muffuletta and potato chips I've ever eaten, it's an embarrassment to a New Orleans original.On the other hand the all the way pizza, the calzones and the wings are awesome, just don't eat the mufuletta.I see the negative posts.. But PLEASE! This pizza is good. Crispy crust, melty cheeze, and friendly staff. Ask for Slim (the chef)... He makes a hell of a pizza. Tuck in here for a bite and you won't be disappointed. ----EDIT---- Went back and slim wasnt there. BIG DIFFERENCE. I'd drop it to three based off of the pizza that came out the second time, so we can leave it at a four average.Went here at least 4 times when I stayed at the Homewood Suites a block away.
Reasons to go:
1) Their food is quality.  It smells and tastes good.
2) Value.  Beer and a calzone (that will fill you up) for under $10!
3) Staff is pretty cool most of the time.
4) These are consistent reasons
5) TV is usually not set on anything stupid
Reasons to avoid:
1) If you are not walking there, parking sucks
2) The air conditioning was iffy when I went there; although they had fans galore blowing on full blast, they were in no hurry to fix it
3) One of the chicks that works there can be a jerk, but the other 2 are awesomeSaw this place as I was walking to the Superdome and stopped off to try it.  Lets just say I am not a fan at all.
I guess I should have ordered the pizza and not the lasagna.   The meat and pasta was very dry and it tasted like something that had been frozen and just put on the plate and thrown into the oven.   I have to be honest and say I have tasted some better store bought frozen lasagna's.   The ceasar salad wasn't even tasty.   
I will say the bread was good but that was about it.  If you go, get the pie's and stay clear of the pastas.This was the perfect diner. We had it delivered to our hotel since we were tired from walking around all day. They delivered it on time and it was still hot! My 5 year old said it was " the best pizza ever" haha. Definitely a thumbs up from my crew!Staying at a hotel in NOLA and just wanted a good pizza delivered to the room instead of going out again.  Arthur at the front desk recommended The Italian Pie and had one of their menus available as well.
I placed my order on the phone and ordered a large pizza with alfredo sauce, pepperoni and ground beef.  The pizza was surprisingly thick and had great flavor. A little heavy on the garlic, but still very good.  
I decided to also order the Peanut Butter Pie for desert thinking it would be a homemade or at least local made desert.  Think again.  It was a Reese's prepackaged desert, quite small serving and was really awful.  And I love Reese's Peanut Butter cups!!  Skip the desert and enjoy the pizza.I wish I had taken a picture of my pizza but I had it delivered and asked for a small garlic shrimp pizza add spinach, or if garlic bbq wings, and small garlic bread. First of all the spinach on my pizza was just thrown on top not even cooked. If i wanted a salad i would have ordered one!! I called twice to see where my order was at because he quoted me about 45 minutes. Mind you don't work too far from this place. Had the spinach in my pizza been cooked like it was suppose to i would have enjoyed it more. And had it not arrived ONE AND A HALF HOURS LATER!! I would have enjoyed it even better! Oh and had the delivery girl not had a attitude when she brought me my food she would have gotten a tip!! Who knows if I'll even or delivery again. Maybe when they're not so busy maybe not at all. But they need to do better all around and not get mad when a PAYING CUSTOMER calls to check in a order that was suppose to be delivered a hour before it came. To say they're under new management they still have a lot to work on! Oh and she go no tip! Act like it was your fault that my food was late and i should have apologized when I continued to call and when you arrive. Maybe i should come teach you hospitality and business etiquette. Let me know and I'm there because y'all obviously still need help. And don't give me excuse as to why my food is late because none of that is my fault and if you know she got backed up with orders quote me a longer wait time for my food.This evening (9/3) I called and ordered a pizza. I was told that it would be delivered in no more than 45 mins. After 70 mins I tried calling and had to call 3 times before anyone answered. When they did answered I asked about the pizza and they said the driver was leaving soon. I told them that I thought there should be some compensation for the very extended wait, and the lady asked me to hold. A young man came on and his exact quote was,
 "Hi, so what exactly do you want?" 
I was taken aback by that and simply said, "I feel that waiting over an hour and a half for one pizza seems rather excessive and I feel like they should do something. He's response this time was,
"I'm just a cook here. Not sure what you want from us? Do you want me to throw  you a cookie or something?" 
At this point I just wanted to be off the phone and told him nevermind and I would call back looking for a manager. He's response was,
"Sounds good! Have a good night!" and hung up on me. 
When I got the pizza it was completely cold. 
I am not someone to ever do this and I certainly was not looking for a free pizza but I thought a coupon or something would have been a nice gesture for such a long wait. Even if that was not the case, being spoken to like that was very unacceptable.So here I go, here I go again.....Ordering from Italian Pie. This time I hope the owner doesn't try and stifle my voice. I had a late night hankering for a sandwich and a light went off in my head to order and use DoorDash. Bad mistake I gave these guys another try and again they fail to disappoint. You know what they say? "More fool me!"....... never again.....I ordered two sandwiches with supposed "kettle chips" they gave me one sandwich cut in half with a pack of lays potato chips. The Italian sandwich was only one but the DoorDash driver was trying to tell me it was two. I ordered the sandwich at 12am and waited until 1:20am to receive one sandwich sans the other sandwich. I called this hotmess haven and was given the run around. Do yourself a favor do not use DoorDash...and avoid Italian Pie. Every time I've had a problem or an issue with Italian pie the staff do not seem to know the answer and the management is never around. A place where the inmates run the show is never safe.This place is just OK; I mean it is hard to totally screw up a pizza. The subs are OK and the pizza is OK -nothing to write home about.The food here is awful! The pizza had no taste, mozzarella sticks weren't cooked and the sauce was terrible.  At least my dog is full.This place has a very east coast feel. So if you're a displaced New Yorker in the mood for a Pizza Pie, Italian Pie may be the place for you. I came here for lunch and needed something quick, so I didn't have a pizza. I got a meatball sub. For your money, you're better off going to a Subway, as the price only covers the sub - no drink or chips included. 
But the variety of the menu is interesting enough that it may be more appealing to some than Subway or some chain. They smashed up the meatballs on my sub, technically making it easier to eat I suppose, but the result was that I felt like I was eating a ground meat sandwich rather than a meatball sub. Also, they used a lot of lettuce stems on my sub, which I don't like. I prefer the leafy part. 
Anyways, overall this is a decent enough place, if a little pricey. I don't know that I'd every go out of my way to come back here, but if I was in the area and someone suggested it, I'd be fine with it.Ordered delivery through Uber eats overall good experience food was delivered prompt and hot, appreciated they wrapped my drink to keep it cold. I ordered white pizza, mozzarella sticks, turtle chocolate cake. Pizza was decent not the best I have ever had, did not care for the flavor of marina sauce had a strong green pepper taste but otherwise no complaints.Visiting from out of town we found this amazing gem. Quaint with perfectly cooked pizzas and amazing atmosphere. 
We had a small cheese and a large Italian Special, they easily fed 4 people with leftovers to take with us. Quality veggies and meats, crisp crust and a delicious sauce. 
I could not recommend this place more!I was in NOLA for a conference and ordered delivery to the hotel. I ordered a small Cesar salad and a small cheese pizza.  It arrived on time and hot.  Apparently they can't come to the room so
I did have to go to the lobby.  The salad was good and an appropriate size for small!  The pizza however was quite spicy, a peppery hot which really prevented me from enjoying it as I had hoped. I don't do spicy or pepper!  There was lots of cheese and the crust was good. There was little sauce which was fine with me.This pizza is horrible. The cheese and crust are NOTHING. I only ordered it because it was one of a few things that would deliver at the time. Please get the other thing.My favourite pizza is BBQ Chicken and this place served me by far the best one I've had in years..... just what I needed after a long day travelling and poor restaurant recommendations in Houston over the weekend. Sometimes the best places are found just by Google maps! 
The sign says under new management and I think they're still getting used to everything as the service wasn't as attentive as other places but the food certainly made up for it.I never go out of my way to post but this place was so bad I had to. I ordered a chicken parm sandwich and got coldcuts on bread with little to no sauce and a little amount of cheese. I had to throw the whole thing out. How are you going to call that chicken parm and call the store "the original Italian pie". Any Italian knows you use chicken cutlets. I will never order from here again.Our experience was a positive one!  We ordered take-out and were warmly greeted upon arrival.  I always appreciate friendly service!  It's a cute little unassuming place.  Food was well packed for our walk back to the hotel room, which I also appreciated.  The flavor was good and the portions appropriate.  No complaints.Food got here quickly and the driver was extra friendly. I appreciate how they packaged the grilled chicken in a separate container instead of on top of the salad I ordered. The caesar salad was also huge and delicious!In town for a few days and walked by this place and was curious to try. We ended up ordering from them for delivery. We had the Calzone and it was amazing. We will definitely order again before leaving town.Visiting from out of state. This pizza shop was fairly close to our hotel. I was very satisfied with the service but most of all with their delicious pizza and wings. They also have reasonable prices. I highly recommend it.Ordered pizza, mozzarella sticks, and a 2 liter through grub hub...came quick and tasted out of this world..I couldn't stop eating everything...wish they had more 2 liter soda options but everything was greatJust ordered through GRUBHUB. The driver calls to say he's on my street. I asked, are you at my building? He responded sarcastically. When I came down, this homeless looking man standing next to his pick up truck, and double parked in the middle of the street, walked over with my pizza box half opened. When I asked him why, he turned and walked away. A 20% tip for this?? Unacceptable! I immediately called GRUBHUB for refund. I'm not eating this. Who knows what he's been doing or where his hands been. GRUBHUB was very cool with me and gave prompt refund. I threw the pizza in the trash.We stumbled upon this great little spot because it was close to our hotel. So, we ate here before heading to the crazy crowds and long lines for food in the french quarter.... best decision of the night! The roast beef sandwich was SO good! We had a great dinner for a fraction of what we would have paid in the quarter with top notch, attentive service.  We are coming back to Nola in a few months and will definitely eat here again.Ordered take out through Uber eats. 
I ordered the fettuccine Alfredo meal. For 15$ you cannot beat the price! It automatically came with either chicken or shrimp, a side salad and bread. 
Unfortunately they had to call me to tell me they were out of the Alfredo sauce so I got the seafood sauce instead. 
The flavour in the pasta was awesome, good portion of shrimp in it as well, sadly the pasta was over cooked though as well as the breadsticks. 
But the portion sizes were good and seriously at that price for all that food! Not to shabby.Polite cashier. EXTREMELY GOOD Pizza ! Very Authentic Italian flavor ! It was near the hotel i'm staying at for vacation. Great choice !. Will visit again !!!Pizza is just ok. 
We were super drunk or first night and stayed up until 2 am waiting for a pizza we ordered on yelp. They had forgot about us and took another 20 extra minutes to make after we called to check where it was. Not worth and yelped charged mandatory tip, ugh. 
If you absolutely have to order here, call them and pick up yourself.I ordered this as a late night meal through UberEats and I had the sausage, mushroom, and cheese calzone. There was plenty of sausage and cheese but not that many mushrooms. I thought there was a lot of bread so I ended up just eating the inside and throwing most of it away. The flavor was okay but I don't think I would return.
*I actually ordered from them again on the last night I was in NOLA. But this time I ordered a pizza. I had a vegetarian option and it was awesome. I'll take the pizza over the calzone any day.*This might be the absolute worst meal I have ever ordered.
Ordered from Uber eats. First issue was that they forgot my tea. But this happens a lot with deliveries so I wasn't upset... then I opened the food.
The "garlic bread" was literally a frozen pizza dough with gobs of cheese, no garlic, and it was somehow all doughey. The grease was pooled in the bottom of the container. 
My boyfriend and I both got spaghetti and meatballs and when we opened it up, it looked like someone had opened a can of spaghetti-os and dumped it on top of spaghetti with two questionable looking meatballs. It smelled a bit sour but I figured I'd taste test it. HUGE MISTAKE. The sauce was putrid and, after cutting a meatball open to inspect found that the inside was BLACK. The food smelled so bad we had to throw it in our outside trash can. 
Not only is the food utter garbage, but it is quite possibly a safety hazard. Do yourself a favor and stay away.Okay cheesecake and mediocre pizza, but rude service and poor atmosphere. Review to come!This company has HORRIBLE CUSTOMER CUSTOMER. I placed and order and did. It hear anything for an hour. I called the store, which is what the grub hub app states. I was left on hold and hung up on. Do not order you will be hungry. Customer service is everything and they don't have it!!!!Had the Oven Baked Italian sandwich and baked chicken wings.  Good tasting food, generous portions, good value for the money, friendly staff. What more do you need?DO NOT COME HERE !!!! came here after having a very day and was very hungry order a lavish wrap and waiting 28mins just for my food to be wrong!!!!!told them about it and they unceremoniously gave me my money back ! Without even offering to fix there screw up. This place is a joke and so is its staff i should have listened to the reviews and not gone to this horrible place and it's horrible staff. Also payed with my card and never got my refund !!ZERO STARS.We got our pizza much faster than quoted. The pizza was good and very cheesy. It was a little overpriced.This place was a solid choice no complaints here great pizza place off the beaten path kinda and it's a small place don't let that scare you small place big taste ! Come by when you are in NOLA you won't be disappointed.We stopped here Saturday after enjoying the NKOTB concert, keep in mind we got there at 11:15pm while you are reading this review "they close at 12". I did give an extra star because they didn't kick us or anyone else out of the restaurant at 12, it was pouring down rain and everyone was dreading going outside. 
The employee taking the orders was very short with us "I get it, it's 45 min till closing" and a group of 90's kids just invaded your place. After placing order I immediately go to Yelp to check in and was rewarded with a free soft drink "perfect, I forgot to order a drink" I approached the counter again to collect my drink and was basically just looked at from employees in the back. After a few minutes one of the girls "not the one who took my order" comes to the counter, I show her my coupon and she yells to the back we got a Yelp thing going on? You mean he "didn't catch name" paid for something? She then hands me a cup and returns to back. Over the next 10 minutes everyone from the back comes up front and stares over at our table. After 15 minutes or so our pizza & cheese bread come out.
Food review: the pizza tasted like a Digiorno pizza no grease kinda bland, the sauce tasted like Prego. The cheese bread was really good though.I would probably rate this a 3 based on my experience, but I feel like the restaurant is objectively a 4. We were a large group in town for a large conference, and there was another large group besides us. Apparently the only person who showed up for work was the owner/manager who was working in the back, so I can excuse that he limited our menu to pizzas/sandwiches (missing out on all the other pasta dishes), but I did get a look at some of the pasta dishes before we ate and they did look good. The pizza...I thought it was tasty but very cheesy and the cheese just formed a big ball of heavy cheese in my stomach, if you know what I mean. So, meh on the pizza. Not horrible, I don't think, but not awesome.Ordered late night delivery, with 109% sincerity... hands down Thee WORST thing I ever ate in my 31 years of life. Crawfish lasagna. Sooooooooooooooooooo much cheese it was inedible, took a few bites and had to spit it out like Chew. Crawfish so over cooked, was like fish flavored rubber nuggets. Not to mention the over salt bomb. So disappointed after $20+ for food and delivery. Almost ruined New Orleans for me! I still have another 3 days, may have to stick to old faithful fast foods while away from home after this almost near death artery clogging, large intestine exploding experience. If you have a death wish after 2am... order from here!I ordered about $50 worth of food through Uber eats from this place. I waited about 1.5 hours all to be contacted by the Uber eats driver that the food had been picked up already. I then called Uber Eats to cancel the transaction, thankful they did not give me a hard time. So at this point I'm beyond pissed so I called the restaurant to find out how could someone just walk in and pick of my food without a receipt. The women on the food was very rude and gave no explanation to what happened other than "were very busy" all before hanging up in my face. Bad experience ruined any possibility of me ordering from this place again.Ordered crawfish lasagna through door dash to have at my hotel.  Expected it to be decadent, which it is.  
Good amount of seafood and cheese.  Crawfish flavor permeates, and is the yummy flavor I was looking forward to first night in NOLA. 
Too salty for me, but I a low salt threshold. 
Main issue is it arrived swimming in grease.  I ended up excavating some of the interior layers of seafood trying to rescue them from the oils. 
I imagine in the restaurant it wouldn't pool as much as it would spread out on a plate. 
Could only eat a few bites, but what I dug out from under the sauce and oil was rich and satisfying.Had our meal delivered so can't really speak to service and ambiance. Had a simple cheese pizza and a pepperoni pizza. Both were very good. The salad my wife had is what elevated the meal. It was the Isle of Capri salad and it killed.NEVER ORDER FROM THIS LOCATION!
We ordered a pizza and some other items. Over 90 minutes later no delivery. During that time we called and the person on the phone said it was in the delivery car 5 minutes away. He said "I just spoke to the driver." 
We called a couple of times as "5 minutes away" never materialized.
Then we get a call from I Pie and he says "oops I made a mistake. Your pizza is just going in the oven." So basically they lied for 90 minutes, would not comp the pizza and did not give a damn about the customer.Craving spaghetti and meatballs in New Orleans.  I was thrilled to see a place that offered it.  The taste was okay but the portion was quite small for the price.  I ordered through Uber and half my order was missing.  Disappointing but at least I got credit.   No utensils was also an issue.  I feel this place has potential but they need to tighten up their take out.  So many of us business travelers are dependent on it.Ordered this on Uber eats late night. Pizza was cold and tasted like lean cuisine. Cold and spongy. The cannoli's on the other hand ANAZING.  If it's the only pizza open at 3am, I'd try it again... but as a last resort.This place is a hidden gem! A bit off the beaten path, but the pizza and appetizers were delicious. It is definitely worth the visit.Good stuff! We were visiting NOLA and needed something delivered. We didn't want the usual pizza we get back home so we were pleasantly surprised to have delicious food from The Original Italian Pie! Our sandwich and calzone were both awesome. We even had a kings cake for fun! We were concerned our food may be soggy by the time we got it, but it was still fresh!The Meatball Calzone was delicious!!!!! The marinara sauce was seasoned just right. This also was my first time ever eating from this establishment, but friends of mine always enjoyed eating here. I definitely will add this to my list of favorites. I hope the food tastes as good as it did my first time for whenever I return.Great pizza!  Quick and friendly service. They have beer, soda, pasta, pizza, calzones, salads, wraps, sandwiches, appetizers, soup, and dessert.  A great selection and delicious food. You should definitely stop by.
We saw it on the top 10 places to eat in New Orleans.This place is old, funny and not as clean as I would like, but the pizza is delicious and the salad was fresh. I will be back for the food.Local who has ordered from Italian Pie many times from different locations. Ordered the chicken Alfredo pasta to be delivered and I could not believe it but the chicken was thinly sliced what appeared to be deli chicken....weird and certainly not what I was expecting...Love this place. The garlic cheese bread is my favorite. Ive had the classic pizza and the artichoke and spinach pizza. Both were very good.Update. 
The owner did reach out - and for that, I appreciate the response. I'm upping this to three stars based on the fact that she responded. I'll give them another try soon. 
This restaurant doesn't understand the term "service." After ordering for delivery, I was told it would be 45 minutes. Reasonable for a Friday night. However, after 90 minutes - I called to figure out what had happened. Turns out - they hadn't even made the pizza. When asked how that could happen, I was told "we have a line of tickets." Really? It's pizza. It's not that long to make. From a New Yorker, I know this. Avoid this place at alShared a large garlic shrimp pizza with friends! Try it with the Tony Chachere's seasoning they have there too. Was a great late night stop in New Orleans!This was an amazing pizza! The service was great and the place was clean!  The bread was thin and the crust was thick so both thin and thick crust lovers could enjoy! Pizza had ALOT of toppings and just the right amount of sauce and was not greasy!!Back in town after months away and staying at a local hotel.....exhausted! Remembered this little spot was nearby. Walked in, ordered a pie.....delicious! The gentlemen, who I believed to be the owner was extremely kind. Nice conversation while waiting for my order.Awesome pizza. Plenty of toppings, and moist but fluffy crust. I would recommend this pizza to anyone.There was no communication error at all. I have my phone log to prove this. I called at least four times inquiring about my order. Each time I asked about my order each time I was sold with a nasty attitude call grub hub and when I would say the app said to call you. I got silence and then I would say hello hello and then she would say hello and then say ma'am call grub hub or nothing. The time when I was hung up on the same thing happened verbatim, but this time I added well why wouldn't you call me abs she same ma'am we can't call you call grub hub and hung up. I immediately called right back and said are you the one who just hung up on me and she said no ma'am. I said I need to speak with a manager and she said I am the manager. I told her what happened and she said I know and I assure you I will handle it. She said give me ten minutes and I will personally deliver your food. At this point I had NO trust that someone would not spit it my food or etc so my sister found the grub hub number called and cancelled the order.  I went there in person the next night and spoke to the young lady who said she was the manager that took my call. I asked was the young lady there and she told me no. Another lady in plain clothes was theater and asked me what happened and I explained. She asked the lady who said she was a manager who was it because she had an idea and she mouthed the name to her and she said I knew it and said thanks for the information. So no it's not a communication issue at all. If this is not a hat your company represents then you might want to check that out and fire the rude worker. I have the name of the lady who said she was a manger, but do not want it out it on here. I am not sure if there is a way to send a private message or not, but again you should really check into your workers that represent you. 
This company has HORRIBLE CUSTOMER CUSTOMER. I placed and order and did not hear anything for an hour. I called the store, which is what the grub hub app states. I was left on hold and hung up on. Do not order you will be hungry. Customer service is everything and they don't have it!!!OMG so delicious!!! Party of 12 so we ordered almost everything on menu. . . I had the shrimp fettucciniIf I could give 0 stars I would.    I called to try to place an order for pick up.   The lady said "please hold" and hung up. Thinking it was an accident I called back. Lady said "sorry we are swamped and have a lot of calls coming in".   I get hung up on again.  We decide to walk over there.   The place was dead. 2 workers were sitting outside and had to get up to go inside when I went to order.     While waiting for my food, I noticed the worker pick up a phone calll and said please hold (there were no tables and no one else in the restaurant). She proceeded to hang up on them, pick up her cell phone and sit there and play on it.  
Was charged 36 dollars for a large pizza and a kids spaghetti.    Outrageous.  The online prices do not match up.    
Food was sub par.  Wouldn't go again.