This was my very 1st time in New Orleans. It's been an amazing experience and so far, every single place I've eaten at has been AMAZING. So... I took a chance with The Praline Connection and walked in. Why? The ambiance and the restaurant, overall, looked nice. 
However... I would NEVER return to this place again, nor would I Ever RECOMMEND it to Anyone. 
APPETIZERS:
I ordered the BBQ Oysters and..wow.. fucking wow...1st of all the oysters not in their shells. Instead they placed in a soup cup filled with  "BBQ sauce" that tasted like cheap Ketchup and Chef Boyarde! Disgusting! The oysters themselves were gooey.
The garlic bread was God awful! It tasted like stale frozen garlic bread. To make matters worse, when I received these appetizers, they were cold.. It tasted and looked like they had been microwaved and left out.  
I also ordered the Chicken wings. They were under cooked, cold and the sauce was nasty.  
The other members of our party ordered entrees. They all said, "This Sucks!"
PROS: The service was great. The servers were all very polite and attentive. 
Restaurant was clean, nice tables, nice ambiance.Friday, July 22 we decided to give this eatery a try.  It is definitely in a great location especially if you want to explore the Quarter afterwards.  We were a party of 8 people and out of the 8 dishes ordered only 2 were really good --the jambalaya and file gumbo were very tasty.  The other dishes --red beans/rice,  meatloaf, Mac and cheese,  shrimp po boy, and chicken wings were bland and a waste of money.  The staff was nice but overall the food was mediocre.Great family restaurant feel. Po boys had the perfect bread. We had 3 different kinds and all were tasty. Mac 'n Cheese was good and a little spicy. Really fabulous service.During the parents' visit,  dad wanted some southern food. We tried Willie Maes, but the line was long and they weren't crazy about the area.  So we waited a bit and went down to The Praline Connection. Dad was in heaven. He's been talking about the food since we left. Dad got the taste of soul platter pictured below. He said the fried chicken was the best he's had and he had not tasted red beans and rice like that since he was a kid and my granny used to make em. Mom got the meatloaf with cabbage and lima beans. I got the ribs with potato salad and mac and cheese. My ribs were good but hard to cut the meat off the bone. I could've ate em with my hands but I didn't want a BBQ face. The potato salad was good but my mac & cheese was a little bland. The cornbread was great.  I'm going back next time for the fried chicken!Service was so poor we didn't even get to the food. New Years Day 2017 around 7:30 and we get seated. It's 8:15 now and we still don't have water and multiple waiters have introduced themselves to us saying they're going to be our server for the evening. After wasting 45 mins and repeated attempts to get water for the largest party in the small restaurant we walked out and went across the street to Dat Dog and were blown away by hot dogs. Thanks Dat Dogs!We had a wonderful experience from the food right down to the friendly and prompt service. Jambalaya was done to perfection and the shrimp etouffe was perfectly cooked with an excellent sauce and rice. Seafood gumbo was fantastic with the right mix of seafood and okra, also perfectly cooked with a great texture. Shrimp in the etouffe dish was firm, clean, and very fresh tasting.
Bread pudding with praline sauce was a perfect complement to the meal, as was the Cafe du Monde coffee with the dessert. One of our top two dining experiences during our NOLA visit!This is my new favorite dining spot in New Orleans. We heard about the place from a cab driver and thought we'd give it a try. We we not disappointed. I ordered BBQ ribs which were the best I've ever had. My wife and son had the stuffed peppers which were excellent. That coming from an Italian means so much as we're reluctant to go Italian since few places cook like mama does. My daughter had the seafood platter which served at least 2 people and was some of the best seafood to date. Here's the best part. Our server, Roland, was the most personable, articulate, and genuinely service-oriented waiter we've ever met. I can say without reservation, Roland made the evening memorable and left us wanting to come back. Praline Connection is a 5 star restaurant, hidden gem, found only a short distance from the French Quarters. Please ask for Roland and enjoy your dining experience in a most casual way.Right in Frenchman's street, wanted to try some authentic food the decor is simple, it was my first time eating jambalaya so I have nothing to compare it to but I enjoyed it for sureGreat food in a great location. Locals recommended this place to me - and I see why. Great authentic Louisiana food on Frenchmen St, a street filled with great music clubs. The best of both worlds. The gumbo Zaire so rich and flavorful and my wife loved their regular gumbo. Their Jambalaya was delicious and the bread pudding is my new standard. One of the best meals I experienced in New Orleans.I can't speak for anything but the Red Beans and Rice, as my husband and I come here exclusively for that and order the same thing every time! We've tried  this dish at a few other places, and nothing comes close to what's cookin' at The Praline Connection. 
I highly recommend stopping in for a plate of Red Beans and Rice. The service is as good as the food!!Soul food done right.  Better than most other places, except for Dunbar's, and the staff is an unusually happy bunch.  If you're vsisting from out of town and want some New Orleans soul, you won't be disappointed.  Good Pralines too, of course.Can't speak about the food, since we never made it that far. We were seated (near the restrooms/kitchen), while a twosome that entered behind us were seated near the window and allowed to watch the comings and goings along Frenchmen Street. Was told the server would be with us soon. Server walks out from the kitchen and immediately goes to the twosome that came in after us. We were already forgotten before we had a chance to crack open the menus. Added to that, there was a dead cockroach on our table. Food didn't look spectacular enough to make us stay; that, and the dead cockroach was the ultimate deal-killer. Staff should spend more time cleaning up the joint instead of cleaning those fancy fedoras.We came to eat last night with a pretty large party (9 people).  Being in a large party in a busy restaurant, you expect things to take a bit longer than normal. We were fine with that, given that this place came highly recommended.
We were seated within about 30 minutes, which was not bad given how busy they are. After sitting there for about 25 minutes, we had yet to be approached by a waiter. We let the hostess know and she sent a waiter over to us. He said that he would bring us all waters and be right back. 
Around this time, another large party was seated at the table next to us. They appeared to have 7 people, which was confirmed when the waiter brought our waters to their table and mysteriously ended up with 2 extra glasses... A minute or two after that, a different waiter showed up and apologized, saying there was a mixup with the table assignments.
We figured that it'd be a good idea to go ahead and order while we actually had somebody's attention and placed our appetizer, food and drink orders and asked for waters. That waiter was never seen or heard from again, though... 20 more waterless minutes passed (45 minutes in total by this point) and we were tired of waiting..  To add insult to injury, though, the other large table that I mentioned had their drinks and appetizers delivered just then.
One person from our party approached the manager to complain and was basically just told, "we're busy". Yes, restaurants get busy and food may take a while, but 45 minutes and not even water? Needless to say, we just left and enjoyed a very good meal at Coop's Place a few blocks down.
It's not often that I feel compelled to leave a review, but this is definitely one of those occasions. It's funny how many reviews over the past year or two echo the exact same problems we experienced last night. You would expect management to take corrective actions, but I suppose they don't care as long as butts are still being put in seats.OK, so we never actually got our food... Or our menus for that matter, which was very disappointing. Staff was rude and the dining room looked like a dive.
I heard such good things about this place and since we were checking out a band next door last night, we thought we'd go in and try this local soul food restaurant people have been raving about.
I went in with a small group of four. We stood by the door waiting to be seated for a good 5 minutes. But no staff was in sight. So we thought maybe this is one of those establishments where you seat yourself... So we did.
We sat close to the front and waited. Finally, a waiter came into the room. He looked right at us and kept walking - OK, guess we're not at his station. We waited again. Another waiter came in, she acknowledged us, but never came over. A third waiter came in - we must have been seated for 15 minutes at this point and still no service has come to the table -- not even to give us a "I'll be right back" explanation - he apparently wasn't our waiter either.
At this time another couple walked in - it looked like they were deciding whether they liked the place (it has a "dive restaurant" feel to it). One waiter sees the couple and points to a table for them to sit at. The couple still talking amongst themselves did not see the waiter signaling (why didn't he just walk up to them? Makes no sense). The waiter says, very loudly and rudely with an annoyed tone and expression, "heeelllloooo!" When they heard that, they left... And so did we because still, nobody had came to our table and we didn't want to miss our band because of some sub-par waiters who were struggling to handle a half empty dining room. 
Too bad. Heard the food was good.
We ended up going to a place down the block( it was right next to d.b.a.)  the food was awesome, staff friendly, they had live music and we only ended up  spending about $150 for 4.I didn't care for this place at all. I heard that food quality has drastically decreased since Katrina but man...  I don't know what sauce they used for the ribs, the fish and chicken were underseasoned to me, and the etouffe was watery, red beans and rice were... I don't need to go on. :(Just OK fried southern basics. The fried chicken was pretty good, Mac and cheese was reheated and not very creamy, collard greens were passable. Fried shrimp were good, but that'd be just sad to mess that up. I wouldn't go back for dinner but would definitely stop by the storefront to pick up some pralines.We came in the early afternoon, probably after 2, and were the only 2 people in the store. I believe it was the proprietor that politely greeted us, letting us know that they were open, and welcoming us. I like the shelf on the wall with NOLA paraphernalia, bottles of hot sauce, and the awards they've won. The uniform of black pinched fedoras made me miss my old job at the hat store... just a little. 
Solid fried chicken. Reminds me of my dad's best friend's pizza shop in East Los Angels (R.I.P. Rocky's Pizza), as in lightly floured and then fried so that the crispness is all in the skin, no breading.
The cornbread was delicious, not too dry, with a serving of unnecessary whipped butter that I used anyway. Red beans were terrible. Simply too thick with the consistency of refried beans, and no flavor; I had to add so much freaking hot sauce and it just got absorbed. The collards were alright; tender but still somewhat bitter. 
Contrary to other reviews, I thought the service was fine, although just a little slow. The server came out to tell us exactly how much longer the chicken would be (which showed to me that they prepared it right when we ordered). We had no wait time, again, because we came in off-hours, yet a few more customers did trickle in after us. 
Did not get to check out the candy shop but I will next time.Was excited for some good food until I actually tried it. Nothing was fresh. Had gumbo and fried shrimp. You can tell it was old. No real flavor. The mac and cheese to my surprise wasn't good either. Old and flavorless. Would not recommend at all.Have Abita IPA. Got the fried chicken. It was decent. Loaded with hot sauce. Going a bit too commercial. Wait staff is awesome.We dropped in because the wait was too long at another spot and our party of 5 were all very satisfied!
Gumbo was bomb 
Seafood platter can be shared 
Crawfish etouffe(sp) was better than the shrimp
Skip the soft shelled crab....
DON'T MISS THE PRALINES! Grab the rum.Ate here prior to Hurricane Katrina and it was great. We returned somewhat disappointed. I had the meatloaf as featured on The Travel Channel....seasoned with SALT. The mustard greens salty and hubby's red beans n rice was bean flavored only. Not a NOLA experience at all. The fried chicken was a hit...but who can really screw that up. Sadly done.Perfectly seasoned meatloaf. Too bad it was served cold w cold coffee.We were lucky it wasn't busy. Service was good and fast. Food was fine. We had two gumbos, one crawfish etouffee, and one spaghetti meatballs. Not super delicious but wasn't bad either. I have no complaint but am just curious about the tax they added to my receipt. Is it supposed to be 10% fixed or it varies from different areas? I know it's NOLA and everything could happen here.Horrible experience tonight our service never checked on us. We had to ask the host for boxes, napkins drinks etc. Plus our food was cold. The ribs were burnt or over cooked. The food would have been good if it was warm. Ciara was able to give us complementary cornbreadStopped in for a late lunch today. Special of the day was catfish with shrimp jambalaya and greens. Catfish and jambalaya were great! I am not a fan of greens but tried them anyway. Still not a fan. Dish came with warm cornbread. Food was scalding hot! Kudos for that! Had the BBQ oyster appetizer, it was ok. Peach cobbler for dessert was excellent! A bit pricey, but food was good and service was excellent.Went last night to The Praline Connection because it was very close to the B&B we were staying at in NOLA. Sat at a table and ordered a few drinks and our meal. This is a soul food restaurant in the Frenchman's section of the city. The frenchman's section is turning into one of the hipper, cooler musical areas of New Orleans. 
As we were ordering our food, a brass band started playing right outside and a crowd of people and a few people dressed in Mardi Gras apparel started dancing in the street. Went outside and checked them out. They were great. Only in New Orleans!!!
We ordered the ribs and the fried chicken with sides of macaroni and cheese and greens. Both dishes were very tasty. Nothing was left on our plates to say the least.
During our dinner, our waitress, Andrea, told us Jamie Foxx was sitting right behind our table.He was there with some family and friends enjoying the food. Some folks went up to him for some pictures and he was very kind and obliged their requests. He was a real gentleman.
If you want to get some real soul food in NOLA, try the Praline Connection. Not only is the food very good but the section of town called Frenchmans will keep you there for many hours into the night with their great music and many clubs..And you'll never know who you'll run into. Have fun...Huge portions! Only downside was our bad server. I really enjoyed my fried shrimp and had enough leftovers for a second meal!  My husband had the fried chicken which was delicious and he also had a ton of leftovers and he has a huge appetite. Would recommend if you're looking for some good southern food!For all the New Orleans food I had...this place was extra regular. I must have asked Tommy waitress for a drink menu 3 or 4 times before I got it. Nothing on the menu looked appetizing or different so I ended up going with the Mac n cheese side. Unfortunately, it tasted like kraft Mac n cheese. If you're here for a short amount of time in nola, try something more authenticWe went in on a Sunday after a Saints game. Had no problem getting a table for 7.  I'm from Alabama so I know what home cooking should taste like. You call it Soul Food. We call it  "food". This is what we eat and this place knows how to do it right! My friend wasn't keen on their cornbread dressing but what can you do? You only like your Memaw's/Mother's/Aunt Jenny's dressing anyway... so that's understandable.  I had the greens which were excellent. Somebody didn't like their mac n cheese but they make it weird like it's cheese spaghetti here so just order the greens and bread pudding with your fried chicken if you like traditional mac n cheese. I have no problem with this place and will bring people to check it out.Loved this place! Possibly the only cheap option for a sit down dinner in the French Quarter area. And the vibe, for my Rochester friends, is a Nawlins version of Nick Tahou's, and I mean that in the best way, of course. AND, for those who know, I'm talking about the 1970s, downtown Nick's, not today's suburban version (take your styrofoam and shove it!)
Anyway, we split a platter and got an extra cup of file gumbo and it was plenty of food for the two of us. Loved the gumbo and especially the red beans and rice. We'll be back!Mediocre ribs, sauce was too sweet and vinegary. Lack of substitutions for side dishes. Waiter seemed impatient with my friend's pesca-vegetarian dietary restriction.This is my favorite place to visit, mostly because of the praline chees cake, but the food is great also. The fried chicken is usually my go to dish, but this time I went with the fried shrimp. It's was fried perfectly not over cooked. I got the collard greens and potato salad side. All Good! Then of course finish with the cheesecake with praline sauce. This sauce needs to be bottled a sold. It's a creamy caramel sauce with rum.  It's sooooo good. Please try this place nestled in the back of the French quarter where the locals are.Great fish sandwich. Large portions. Low key and good food.The food was good, not great. If you're in NOLA, please learn to make some gumbo. It was watery and pretty terrible. The service was TERRIBLE. Definitely find another place if you're in Frenchman.Very disappointing. You sit down and they have an abbreviated menu they are out if thing. The meatloaf that they say was featured on the travel channel was awful, under seasoned and a joke. Yes, I got suckered. I added a ton of salt and pepper and now just feel robbed. No way that was featured on TV! Would never go back.We went to the restaurant for the New Orleans experience this place have high recommendations, The food was OK I'm glad I was able to scratch it off my bucket list.Great earthy vibe, big black and white checkered linoleum floor, black fedoras on waitstaff heads, plenty of local patrons. love the neon sign. food that's cheap and plentiful.
fried chicken: perfect, not too breaded, not overfried.
mustard green: too salty
mac n cheese: too macky, not enough cheesey
i would definitely wait five minutes for a table here but not much more.Caution- Absolutely - stay away.
There was nothing about the food that can redeem how unusually bad the food was here.
While the staff is very accommodating, you're better off skipping this restaurant.
I worked in a very large well known Cajun/creole restaurant and what we were served was very bland and poorly prepared.
Red beans were definitely from a can. I didn't taste any of the distinct flavors of red beans n rice. 
There was no ham hock flavor, no bay leaf flavor or discernible mirepoix flavor.
The collard greens tasted like they had been boiled without any additional seasoning and served, poorly drained. I couldn't eat it.
The jambalaya was also very odd, most definitely from some prepackaged mix. 
The jambalaya barely had any meat in it and was definitely not close to anything like jambalaya. They aught to be ashamed of calling that Jambalaya.
It was more like frozen mixed vegetable rice pilaf, seriously. Jambalaya "jambon a la aya" the jambon (ham) is the core of the dish, seriously. Wtf.
If the management is reading this: revise your recipes and quality check often. It's a downward spiral when you sacrifice quality.
One of us who are the crawfish etouffe had terrible food poisoning.
I think there are issues with storage, food rotation, labeling and training.
Several hours after writing the review,  I was sick.Excellent service very attentive. Gumbo was very good.  The other apps need some spice. The fried okra was well done but had no spice, not even salt and pepper. Just a touch of any spice would make them wonderful. The BBQ shrimp were wonderful. We used the BBQ sauce to dip the okra in. Our waitress said the fried chicken was the house speciality and it was well done but it also suffered from a lack of spice. Just wave some salt and pepper over it would dramatically improve it. The stuffed crab was ok nothing to wire home about. I would go back and try some other dishes. It's New Orleans though and the food should have some spice to itYeah...now this is more like it.  Soul food.  Mac n Cheese...collard greens...everything fried (okra?...crab?).  Sure, why not.  Old school decor, neighborhood kind of place, very casual.  And a great value for the price.A friend of mine recommended this restaurant when i told him i would be in new Orleans. I went with a group of friends with high expectations. Since we were 7 we waited for more than an hour to get seated, which we took in good stride we just sat somewhere outside and chatted. When we were finally seated, it took the them about 15 minutes to come and take our orders and then...the ordeal started, the waiter told one of my friends to hurry up and order(he had just delivered the menus) or he will go and serve another table. There were about 4 of us on the table who had not ordered yet and we asked if he can take our orders first instead while my friend made up his mind but no...he said we had to follow the order we were seated. We let that slide, but then he delivered the drinks in a leaking glass and the food took another hour to come. People who arrived after we were seated had finished eating before we even had our food. Needless to say...the whole experience was so terrible there was nothing special about the food.This is a great place near the Frenchman region of nola to get authentic cajun soulfood served by mostly male waiters wearing awesome hats. Black never tasted so good...
I got coffee and the sampler platter, which had fried chicken, jambalaya, red beans and rice, and one of the most succulent ribs i've ever tasted. The collard greens were ok, but they're not really my thing.
The reason you go to this place is for the feel, for the authenticity, for the magic that happens when you marry a soulful place with soulful food and very good execution day to day. It's kinda like sticking a spoon into the new orleans section of your map and tasting history, culture, and home-cooked goodness all at once. This place made me feel really happy and content while I was there, and mostly for this reason I would go again and again. It was also really well priced, especially for nola. 
Didn't try the pralines though...Been here 3 times.  First time, I was loved the food so much, I came back.  The 2nd visit was ok. The last visit left a lot to be desired.
Food - 4 out of 5. Delicious but it's touch & go.  I ordered the same thing twice (fried catfish) and got 2 different versions.  The first time I had corn bread, the second time, I didn't.  The first time I had rice, the second time I had mac & cheese.  I have to say that the food is really good, though.
Service - 3 out of 5.  Again, it's touch & go. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's bad - depending on your server.  When they're super busy, expect to be forgotten by your server for a while.
Cleanliness - 1 out of 5.  The dining area is ok but the bathroom was horrible. I was going to wash my hands but decided to use my anti-bacterial wipes instead because I took one look at the bathroom and could not stand to go inside.
Ambiance - This is your typical mom & pop whole in the wall.  No ambiance here.
Summary:
At first, I was impressed with the food so I came back. When I came back the 2nd and 3rd time, I decided I could probably eat at other establishments with good food, too.Satisfactory  service, but was disappointed that the food came out TOO quick.  Main dishes were good (stuffed peppers and ribs) but we were convinced that the sides were microwaved.  Mac and cheese was not cold and collard greens were not good.  But great BBQ sauce!EXCELLENT FOOD AND SERVICE!  I will return. It is very easy to get to on Chartes Street. We took the trolley.Two words. Real bad,   Yelp is telling me to.say more. But really, it's real bad.   Yelp is still saying my review is too short.  So here is some new ways to say it.  It sucks.    Don't go here please. I cancelled my order after losing my appetite on the gumbo.  My friend's margaritas was red with a cherry.  The waitress asked if we thought it had too much grenadine.   What???  Grenadine in a margarita.   Are these people crazy?   There is no Grenadine in a Margarita.Had a great dinner here. Really liked the walk from canal street down to the restaurant as well. Loved how relaxed and personable the wait staff are.
We started with the fried dill pickles and aligator sausage.  Both were delicious and both sauces with appetizers were homemade. Ordered a shrimp po boy and macaroni and cheese. Both were outstanding! Also got the category 5 hurricane and it was the best hurricane I had on my whole trip.
Don't forget to grab a box of pralines to go! You'll be too full after all of the good food. Best pralines I have tried.This place was packed, so we thought it would be really good.  Unfortunately, Busy so thought it'd be good.
The service was really friendly, but as far as attentiveness it wasn't great.  
I had the stuffed peppers with cornbread and mac and cheese.  The cornbread was bland and the mac and cheese was very lack lustre.  It wasn't seasoned and didn't taste that cheesy.  The stuffed peppers were mushy and quite disgusting.  
My friend had a fried seafood platter.  The only thing good on the plate was the fried catfish.  
Service was friendly - but not great.  The okra tasted odd.  
I'd definitely skip over this place if I were you.  I don't know how this place got so many good reviews.My wife and I found his place on our last day in New Orleans on the other side bourbon street (Frenchmen area). The service was excellent and the food tasted good.First time to NOLA.  Very good soul/creole food.  Good home-cookin.   
Everything was good.  Most memorable was the Gumbo.  The best gumbo hands down I have had in NOLA.Disappointed We visited on April 1 2018 Ordered stuffed crab with red beans and collards The crab came in two little tin shells Looked more like appetizers I could not find or taste crab. They can do better for a 19.95 entree. The tiny portion of beans and the overcooked soupy greens completed the meal. The cornbread was not good. My spouse was kind enough to share her shrimp poboy which was not bad. Againhave to say I was truly disappointed I wont return to this place on my next visitI don't get the fuss. My etoufee was pretty good, but mac & cheese had little flavor, fried pickles were all batter. My friend loved the collard greens, I thought they were ok. If you want classic southern fried food, there's got to be a better place. Service was lacking too. :(I preface this by saying I came in at 9:30pm which is 30 min before the place closed.  I had ordered the Jambalaya for 15.95.  It was very poor and tasted bad.  On the wall was a Zagat sign from 2004.  My guess is they have been slipping for past 12 years.Really good food. We ordered the appetizer for four which would feed 8. Don't order the large one I'm afraid how big it would be. We then had stuffed crab with greens and Mac and cheese. Food was very good. Service was excellentSo delicious! My wife and I really enjoyed the fried chicken and mac n cheese. The service was fast and really friendly and we will definitely be back!Great soul food. You can tell this is where the locals come. They may have the best hot sausage po boy I've had. Their red beans and rice is also perfection. Their service is so good. All the servers are so nice. True southern hospitality.Excellent choice for our last meal in nola!! Stumbled upon it while roaming the marigny!  Exactly what we were looking for in ambience and something off the beaten path!!
Spicy chicken wings--excellent!! Very spicy and perfect!
Fried okra-- perfectly cooked!
Fried chicken--let's just say my girl who doesn't eat much meat licked the bones..the waiter finally took the plate cuz I think he was worried she'd choke on the bones!
Seafood combination platter--could've had more shrimp and fewer fries.. But the fish was perfectly cooked and delish!
Crawfish etoufee-- my other girl slopped it all up.. So I think she liked!
Stuffed bellpeppers-- Didnt sample it but the man said it was 'good'!
Bread pudding-- so rich and delicious... even tho we were so stuffed we just had to have it!!
Service was great.... Waiter has crazy cool eyes!!
Don't expect something fancy.... But you'll get something uniquely n'awlins!!I feel bad writing this review because our waiter was really nice. i was so impressed by the uniforms (which shirt, black slacks and ties. There might have even been hats)  The staff here is fresh to death! That being said the food left me thinking I wasnt tasting it right. it's home style cooking, gramma's recipes and what not. So maybe the day I was there gramma didnt add the magical zest that gramma's always have or she ran out of her secret ingredient that she never told your mom about so you would still wanna come to her house on Sundays. I'll try this place again tho. If everyone raves about the fried chicken and I got the off batch I'll try again till we get it right.This is a great place for creole soul food in the Marigny, right near all the clubs on Frenchman. A friend we were with who lived here for a while said their fried chicken is among the best in the city. I can testify to their collard greens--excellent--and their jambalaya is hands the down the best I've ever had. I'm used to jambalaya being mostly about the rice, seasonings, and meat, but they pack theirs with about 10 different kinds of fresh vegetables that keeps it lighter and keeps the rice from drying it out.Perfect fried chicken. Yummy mustard greens and beans. Mac N Cheese was bland. Will definitely go back next time I am in New Orleans.It was ok, the service took a little long but it wasn't too bad. The food was good but nothing out of this world (taste wise). The bread pudding was really good though!I stopped in and made a reservation, but I am horrified by the service I received. First of all, they took over an hour to seat us after telling us the wait was 30 minutes or so. Then, they seated us and it took over 20 minutes for a waiter to bring us water, let alone take our order. Food was far below similar restaurants (with better service). And I am disappointed.This place is laughable. 25-30 minute wait ended up being an hour. We finally sat down and waited another 15 minutes before anyone would serve us. There were 5 open tables in the restaurant at the time. We flagged down a server to order drinks and food. I got the jambalaya and my husband got the fried chicken. The jambalaya was meh at best. The greens were okay and my husband got the Mac and cheese which came out  cold. I would say skip this place. Not worth the wait at all.It was the worst experience of my family and my life. The food was absolutely horrible. We had chicken; absolutely no flavor at all. BBQ ribs: it was smothered with sage. They should call it sage ribs. Greens: it had no flavor, not even salt. Corn bread: basic. Jiffy corn bread is better. Red beans and rice was just okay. Jambalaya: was the worst . My daughter threw up all night and early this morning . It is our worst nightmare. She can't keep anything down and she is very weak. She said the sausages were horrible in the Jambalaya and that contributed to her great food poisoning . The fish was extremely bland. No taste at all . Needless to say I was truly disappointed to say the least in every aspect of this resturant . I spoke to management and all they could tell me was that I was the only one complaining. Like my husband said: it's s waste of time to complain to them , just never go again and when someone ask us about the resturant, just tell them the truth. If you don't want to be sick and laid up on your back for a few days sick. Then stay away from this place for life!!!!!!  BEWARE !!!!!!!!
Hello Gloria, 
     This is Sonja, the evening that we ate at your resturant was August 3, 2015. Thank you for taking my comment seriously. God bless you.Soul.  I have been craving that fried chicken for months!  Jazzy atmosphere, simple. Soulful and longing to come back.  The seafood platter will wow!  But I miss that plateful of fried chicken!  NOLA at its finest roots!  I will be back, guaranteed!This is some of the best soul good I have ever had in my life, second only to my great-Granny's cooking! Best meal in New Orleans by far! Great prices, fun atmosphere, great waitstaff and excellent food!  I will definitely visit here every time I goback to New Orleans!Great Service. I had alligator bites and fried seafood. They were both great.
The seafood platter had so much food. I was stuffed.2.5 stars. I really wanted to like this place, but damnit, they failed.
Not awful but not worthy of the current 4.5 star rating. And the food was meh for being a New Orleans southern restaurant. 
Here's what we had:
App: crawfish etoufee - very tasty, no complaints about this except the price ($7 for a little cup!)
Soup: Gumbo - this was okay but they got the gumbo's mixed up and gave me the chicken one instead of the seafood one
Main: bf had "A Taste of Soul" Platter - Filé Gumbo, Red Beans & Rice, Jambalaya, Greens, Fried Chicken, Catfish Strips, and Bread Pudding, collard greens, while I had: Stuffed Bell Pepper  - A green bell pepper stuffed with ground beef, shrimp, spices, and seasonings, baked and topped with our light home-style brown gravy, with red beans/rice, and mac/cheese
shared the bread pudding for dessert
BF really enjoyed his entree, while I found everything about mine to be lacking. BF's was good because all the fried seafood was low in fattiness, had a nice cornmeal crust and was light on oil. Mine sucked because the stuffing in the bell pepper was just whatever, and the mac and cheese was embarrassing - it had the texture of being reheated leftovers (overly mushy noodles and hard cheese) and tasted like almost nothing, box kraft is better. And it was not hot like the bell pepper. The cornbread was not warm either so I didn't get to enjoy any nice crust on top. 
Bread pudding dessert was hot and delicious, though it had nuts so it automatically became all mine. This was the best part of the meal.
Beyond the food being less than impressive, at least my dish, the service was pretty lacking. It took a looong time for a server to get to us, while a neighboring party sat down later, ordered and received their food before us. Another neighboring party had super crappy service too, and even asked for a comment card, and of course did not get one. They could have walked out and not paid, given that they had to actually flag someone else down and ask them to please take their money so they could go, those words literally.
So, I say there is a lot of room for improvement here.We have been here several times. The atmosphere is always welcoming and the staff always eager to make you feel right at home. The greens and sausage were right in point.  Be sure to grab some of the sweet goodies in the side room for the road. We will definitely keep coming back.I love this area (Frenchman street) of New Orleans. Great food and live music!! I was taken here by two NOLA locals. The food was modest and homey. It gave me a very local taste. I was slightly disappointed that the food was not spicey, but all in all a good meal. Wait staff is prompt and courteous with good ole southern charm.I've eaten here many many many times and sometimes the food is better than other times.
but.
two words: FRIED CHICKEN.  
eat this here and you will never go wrong.  It's crispy and tender and juicy and pretty much perfect. You can get it with side of red beans and rice or collard or mustard greens.  All meals come with corn bread.
Some other of my personal favorites: 
the fried catfish
the fried pickles ($5 gets you a heaping mound)
bread pudding
red beans and rice
collard or mustard greens
don't forget the FRIED CHICKEN!
FRIED
CHICKEN
(repeat for emphasis)Stumbled upon this place because we couldn't find another one and we were hungry!! I am so glad we did! IDelicious southern food- ordered the stuffed crab which was real crab deep fried that was so delicious - it came with mac & cheese and red beans and rice and homemade cornbread!! My mouth is still happy from this deliciousness. Couldn't stop eating it was so yummy!! Glad we came here and if ever back again, will make sure I go again!I felt four degrees cooler just walking into the place. 
This had nothing to do with the air conditioning.
Even with the tourists (not putting them down, I was one of them) flocking here, the Praline Connection is still able to keep the feel of a small funky soul food dinner. This is a place that is confident in what they are serving and that they are serving it right. Try the smothered pork chops and you want be disappointed.There are angels working in the kitchen because the food here is  heavenly AND DIVINE! I ordered the red beans and rice with sausage AND fried chicken. Both were demolished within minutes! LORDT, LORDT LORDT!!!We had another restaurant in mind on Frenchmen St. After a so-so vibe at the place we were considering -- I honestly don't remember its name -- we bailed and went with a recommendation from the bartender (bah-tenduh) at Hermes Bar at Antoine's.
The place was pretty low-maintenance with a lot of cool-looking servers in hats. It seemed like a mix of tourists and locals.
Since we never got the hang of ordering properly -- us Californians are used to smaller portions -- we asked for an ungodly amount of food. An enormous basket of fried okra, fried chicken, mustard greens, collared greens, mashed potatoes, and cornbread. Though the fried okra was pretty good (also seems hard to mess this up), and the sides were fantastic, the fried chicken stood out for me. That batter is insane. We didn't talk the whole way through the meal: a sign of a good one! Pralines to go made my day later on.
I'd love to spend more time on Frenchmen St. -- for food, music, and bars -- next time we're in town. Nicely out of the way from Bourbon Street madness.It seems over priced, but the location is good- right on Frenchmen. The feel is more of a lunch place than dinner. Although I might stop here before seeing a show at Snug.
This is a good place for vegetarians to find options for soul food. Our waitress was awesome and helped me find things that I could eat. Hopefully she didn't just tell me it was without meat!? My girlfriend got a shrimp po'boy and I got collards, mac n cheese, red beans, rice, and corn bread. The desserts were great too.Our server was wonderful! So polite and nice mannered. The food. Oh. My. Goodness. Enough said. Portions are a great size! Prices very affordable. I had the jambalaya and catfish bites and the food was moist and well seasoned. The bites were so light and flaky and hot!! The cornbread is sooo fluffy and warm still and moist. Visit this place!!!Absolutely loved the food, I had the meatloaf which I saw on the travel channel and was not disappointed at all. My girlfriend had the pork tenderloin which was just as great. The service was as good as the food and the guy even helped put my woman's jacket on! I absolutely recommend this place to have either lunch or dinner!First time - not planned, but needed food, so randomly selected this place. What a good choice! Excellent service and fantastic food. Shared the sampler plate for two people and left stuffed and happy. Couldn't be more pleased and we'll plan to return.This was one of the most disappointing food experiences during our week-long stay in New Orleans. And let me preface this review: We love soul food. That traditional southern home cooking is something we LOVE. And we visit New Orleans a lot, both for business and fun.
First, the good: my husband ordered the fried shrimp and it was served hot and tasty. If you do go, and don't know what to get, order that.
The red beans and rice was a nice mix of meatiness and savoriness. The sauce is a bit watery, but still flavorful (with a little bit of salt). And the waitress - who was not our server, but ended up taking our order after we waited 20+ minutes for someone to stop by and just take our drink order - was very friendly.
Next, the stuff that was so-so: I ordered the meatloaf and it was ... meh. 
Ok, that's being nice. The brown gravy was pretty decent, and I think the meatloaf would have been better if it had been served hot (or even warm) instead of cold. But because it was cold, it had turned gelatinous. (Think head cheese.)
Now, the bad: We waited at the door for more than 15 minutes for someone to ask if we needed a table. I would have understood if the restaurant was packed - I've worked at restaurants before, I get it when the front of the house is slammed. But the place was at least one-third empty.
Every single server who was working walked by U.S. and didn't say a word. Not one "someone will be right with you" - not a smile, nothing.
The female server who finally sat us (after we were about to leave) was clearly not having a great night. She pointed at the table, tossed us a couple of menus and then left.
We waited and waited. Ok, maybe they're busy in the back. We waited some more. We tried to make eye contact and smile - nothing.
Then, the other server came over and asked if anyone had taken our order. When we said no, she apologized and took our order.
If the food had been terrific, I could have ignored that first part of the evening. But it wasn't terrific. Most of it was bland - and in desperate need of a pinch or more of salt. 
The biggest problem: half the dishes (Mac and cheese, collard greens, meatloaf) were served either barely lukewarm or cold (like it had been pulled out of a walk-in). And the corn bread was really dry. Like no-amount-of-butter-can-save-this dry.
For $55 - which included two entrees and one glass of whiskey - I can say this was a huge disappointment. We've eaten far better elsewhere in town for the same or less. 
Maybe the staff was having a really off night? Maybe they had a new cook in the kitchen? Me, I'm kind of kicking myself for not checking reviews more closely.