Live jazz band and free ice water that was the highlight of the experience. The gator was half cooked and elastic. We asked the waiter and she said, it looks like it needs to be put back on the fryer but never took them back or took them off the bill. ALso had the crawfish buns and they were super dry and a small crawfish inside. At night it gets better due to the live Jazz band + Please tip they dont work for the restaurant.
Its a tourist trapI enjoyed the Market Cafe, but I thought the place next door was a bit better to the degree that it warranted a lower score.
I went with the taste of New Orleans, which is a cup each of gumbo, shrimp creole, red beans and rice and jambalaya. It was very filling but somehow $20 seemed a bit pricey; though individually the cups are in the area of $6-7 so in those terms I guess it was a bargain.  The gumbo and shrimp creole were the better of the two while the rice and beans and jambalaya seemed a little flat to me.
The service was a little slow for a not too busy time but the waitress was very friendly which made it more bearable.
The band was talented and made the overall experience worth it.This was a restaurant which was so easy to get to. The outside area was pretty packed so we decided to go in... we ordered the alfredo pasta with chicken.  (cooked perfectly) It is pretty big, so it's best to share that. My son ate the fried oysters and wanted MORE! So they must have been pretty good! The prices were very reasonable and the service inside was good.Popped in to escape the suffocating heat and have a mid-afternoon espresso. We stayed by the bar and chatted to the eccentric but charming barista -- who makes a mean espresso, by the by. There was a live band playing on the outside terrace (though it's partly covered and has a fair amount of shade, which I'm sure is appreciated if you choose to sit out there), but it was perfectly audible from inside and we had a lovely -- albeit unremarkable -- experience. My only complaint: it's very, very overpriced... seven dollars for two espressos!Awesome! Wonderful music, the fried alligator was amazing. Crawfish Beignets were pretty great. We enjoyed it a lot.stumbled upon place in late afternoon.  music lured me in.  ended up having several CL outside.  cool spot.  great music.  beers were cold, and staff was great.  one was celebrating 53 b day.  he was cool.  prices were way cheaper than anything the night before.  thxGreat ambience and location.    Yes it is a little grimy and there are pigeons, but we've stopped in her a couple times.  The food was good both times, good Bloody Mary, alligator tail, po boys, salad are all good and decent portions.   
The live music is the main attraction, but the food and drink make it a real treat without a long wait.  
So please tip the musicians more than a buck, why shouldn't you pay for the fantastic entertainment?Slow service; blah food.  Too many other places in town to waste a meal here!Today we have taken tables 59 & 60. There aren't many folks in here. Service has been horrible. It took the longest to get our drinks. When our food did arrive, it only arrived for 1/2 the table. The others waited an additional 10 minutes, at least, for their food to arrive. We never received napkins and we had to ask for refills. If we hadn't had 5 in our dining party, we wouldn't have left an 18% gratuity. I wouldn't suggest The Market Cafe anytime in the future. Our gumbo was watered down (photos included). Shrimp had no seasoning. (Photos included). Gyro was pretty good for this place. Fries? Cold.Great atmosphere with live music. The true New Orleans experience! Great service! Nice for a relaxed brunch/lunch. Reasonably priced. I would definitely recommend.My wife and I went here for dinner on our last night in NOLA, great surf and turf, gumbo was good as an appetizer, and we also got the pasta with shrimp and crawfish. 
Not a bad place to try if you just don't know what you want.The best service by far!!! Food was great... Prices were great!!! Our server danced for us and kept the drinks flowing!!! Definitely a must on your list of places to visit!!!We walked to this restaurant and the sounds and smells were very enticing. Outside seating with a live jazz band seemed exciting. But all is not as it appears. The food was mediocre and our table of 8 had a difficult time receiving the correct dinner and drink orders. First out was some gumbo- that was pretty good and was worthy of 4 stars. I had the Redfish Pontchartrain and although the flavor was nice, my dish was cold upon serving. The jambalaya was also cold, thick, sticky and had probably been made for Sunday brunch and it is now Monday evening. The final comment for this dinner visit is the band. They were definitely loud so if you don't enjoy music, don't sit outside here. They were entertaining right up to the point that they took a break and began carrying their jar to every table asking for money. When they did not receive enough money from everyone at our table, the tuba player made a big deal of taking down our table number like he was going to "report" us. It was comical but annoying to have your dinner interrupted in that manner.Crawfish Étouffée is very good. It is touristy but the band was great and delicious food. On the pricier side though.It was an afternoon and our hostess seated us immediately. She was ridiculously sweet and helpful. That was the only good experience we had. 
We only got to see our server three times, and one of them was because we had to ask the hostess to take more drink orders. The last time was because we had to ask her to find our server to bring our bill. It seemed rather inconvenient because she was running around, probably doing the same for other diners. She still got us our bill within minutes.
Giving 1* for the sweet hostess and another star for the semi-decent Bloody Mary. The market Mary is to die for. 
Nov 1st around 1 pm.We stopped by for lunch while walking down Decatur and checking out Jackson Square and the French Market. The music was good. Loved my oyster poor boy. Our waiter was slower than some of the others but we didn't have anywhere to be.For what it is, touristy spot it was fine. Coulda been a bit cheaper for a better experience overall. Greek salad was good. My husband got the crawfish etouffe which he like and I thought was tasty but 18 bucks is a bit hefty. A lot of other reviewed said service was bad but ours was quick and friendly. Music was chill and not overly loud. Good experience overall.Where do I even begin with this place?   At the beginning, I guess.   
We joined a bunch of friends standing at the bar and decided to stay and eat.  We asked for a table for 10 - that is, 10 average to large sized adults.  They took a while to figure it out and finally came up with three tables that they pushed together right outside the bathroom.  Three tables.  We couldn't use either end due to the placement, so this was essentially a table for 6 that they tried to cram 10 chairs at.   This clearly wasn't working, so they tried again with a table next to the bar area.  This added one table end and upped the actual space to 7 (which we then crammed 10 chairs at). The restaurant was half empty, so no idea why this was the best we could do, but after two attempts, we decided to suck it up.  
Onto the food.  We all ordered at once.   Our food came out in 3 batches, with a LONG time in between the first and last batches.   And I mean long.   Those who got their food first did the polite thing and refused to eat until everyone was served.  They stared at their meals for at least 15 minutes, got up to take a smoke break, came back and sat another 10-15 minutes.  Cold food for all of them.  My pasta dish was in the middle group and was also cold by the time the last dish arrived.  The server apologized several times, but didn't offer or do anything to fix it.  We paid full price of all of our meals, 70% of which were eaten completely cold.   
My pasta dish was dreadful - a bland and gloppy mess of overcooked noodles and under seasoned sauce.  The bathroom was dingy.   Overall, I didn't like a single thing about the place.After planning to go the The Market Cafe one night while in New Orleans, I never even got to try the menu.  The service was so awful that we walked out (I have never done this before).  We were shown to our table and that was it.  The place was not crowded at all.  The wait staff were going around in what looked like circles but no one ever acknowledged us at our table.  I could not even get anyone's attention.  Afte 15 minutes we left.We walked all the way to Cafe Du Monde for the experience only to find it closed due to equipment failure.  : (
So, we went across the street to The Market Cafe.  We should have just waited for the equipment to be fixed at CDM.  That just about sums it up.
Don't eat breakfast here.The food and the service probably only deserves a 4 star review.  But add the live Dixie jazz band, and it is definitely a five star experience.
For lunch we each had half of Muffeletta sandwich.  this was on my must try list while in NOLA.  We loved it!  You have to like olives if you order this sandwich.  Also, we discovered that half a sandwich is really big.  The whole sandwich is a piece of bread about 12 inches across filled with meat, cheese and olive salad.  Don't order a full sandwich unless you have a fridge back at your hotel.
Eating a traditional NOLA sandwitch and listing to traditional jazz music is as good as it gets.My crawfish pie was lovely and the live music a blast. A Little pricey though and our waiter seemd super eager to turn the table. I would go back thoughAverage touristy spot for "local fare." I had the greek salad with grilled chicken when invited to meet out-of-town friends, and it was actually good. They had poboys which were "okay." Teeny tiny skrimpz with vein intact... Super crowded with loud tourists and music. Less than gracious waitstaff.Just not good. The music was good, the food not so much. The breakfast was over cooked and the jambalaya came out warm and just average. Very dirty and unappetizing. Skip the place and try anywhere else. The waitress was very nice which helped a lot.Food was good; tried the Alligator and the Muffalatta (it was gigantic). Patio was nice with love jazz band.We re doing the "stop and sample"up the French Market. We came in here for the great price on crawfish! My husband dug in the crawfish and I had the etoufee crawfish balls, delicious!!! 
Great location for people watching, nice atmosphere  and feels orleans! Staff were wonderful.We really enjoyed the Market Cafe! We went there twice in the 3 days we were visiting. Try the Greek Salad with balsamic dressing. So good!Despite the place was half empty on a Thursday afternoon the service was exxxtremely slow.
Their Bloody Mary is good,but too much condiments for my taste and a little overpriced for that particular cafe.
Ordered a shrimp po-boy,Greek salad and a Caesar,the food was pretty darn good,very light and crispy just what you want on a hot New Orleans afternoon.
The place is very touristy and gets filled up with people quick.
One of the best things about the market cafe is their band,great and fun music that we definitely enjoyed.The muffuletta was great and way too big for 1 person. Bread pudding with rum sauce was just like my mama used to make. The waiter, Craig, gave us great advice about where to find the best NOLA jazz. All round, a wonderful experience!Excellent location for a visit to the French Market. Enjoyed breakfast with excellent service. They offer a small breakfast buffet or you can order off the menu. We ate the buffet. Food was hot and the fruit was very fresh. Appeared to have great bar service with several Bloody Mary drinks ordered.My friends and I were walking up and down Decatur Street taking in the sights and stopped here for dinner Friday night. it wasn't busy so we were able to get a table quickly. We order some fried alligator nuggets to share as an appetizer, and it came out almost immediately. They were about average compared to other restaurants, but we enjoyed them. As soon as we finished the gator nuggets, our entrees came out. I ordered a muffaletta and my friends ordered the "Taste of New Orleans" (had small bowls of jambalaya, rice/beans, gumbo, and shrimp creole). We all sampled each others' food and agreed that these entrees tasted much better than we expected! The muffaletta was the best muffaletta I've had (I didn't go to the place were it was originally created because I have an aversion to long lines). I liked that the sandwich was warmed up and the bread had a nice buttery flavor. My friends told me the sampler platter was really filling. We had to walk around for an hour afterwards so they could let it digest before they could start drinking! I definitely recommend stopping here because there was no line, the service was quick, and the food tasted very good at a reasonable price. Avoid the trendy spots with a line, this is the place to go!We were seated quickly which was a plus on this busy Friday. While I've been trying to get only local favorites...I tried their Gyro. The owner is Greek, after all. It came out with no sauce and no onions...but I started to eat it anyway. The meat was perfect and so was the pita! When our server come back to ask how things tasted, I let her know what was missing. She took it back immediately....she brought my same gyro back with sauce and onions in the side. I'm not one to send my food back, afraid of what is returned. But the meat and pita were so good, I added my sauce and onions and finished that baby off. :) It was that good. Over all I gave a 3 star because they forgot the basics of the dish.#NOLAtoursim #Foodtourism #chitownfoodie  This highest rating is for the location, the drinks, the musicians and the atmosphere.  We did not try the food.  The Market Cafe is the easiest place to go to hear live music from local musicians.  The drinks are a fair price.  The kids were happy to have hot chocolate and bop to the music.  And it is an open air cafe-- so you can sit inside or stand right outside the gate with a to go cup in hand.  The staff was kind, welcoming and not intrusive.  So you could stop by for a minute or linger over a couple of sets.  We will be back.I would like to say that my crawfish étouffée is the best, but I had the crawfish étouffée at The Café Market in New Orléans at the French Market, which resides in the French Quarter (Vieux Carre - Old Square) and it was really good.
Louisiana is home to the best Créole cusine in the world, and I'm a tough critic because I'm culturally Créole! 
On a side note...their Shrimp Créole is good as well!
Laissez les bons temps rouler!Came here last night And the meal was very satisfying. The read beans and rice were very good! And my boyfriend enjoyed the Caesar salad as well. We also really like the daiquiris we ordered. What we did not enjoy was the gumbo. It came out almost cold and did not have much flavor. But our server and the atmosphere we loved. I would recommend for a quick bite to eat, but not if you are looking for a real New Orleans culinary experience.A place for a quick break, to have some drinks or snacks/sandwiches while enjoying the live band/music in the open patio. Service was good while we were there, the waitresses even gave us some tips on where to go and what to do. They even serve buffet breakfast, but have not tried it.Stopped here for a quick bite. Tried the shrimp and Oyster po boy. It came with potato chips and for $1 more you could upgrade to French fries. We thought it was good. Bread was a bit dry at the ends but it's expected. Their tartar sauce was pretty on point. Overall it's a nice joint to eat and eat while doing a lot of people watching.Great drinks- we had a fabulous Bloody Mary and I had a yummy pina colada- for breakfast ;)
Ordered Omlettes and they were good- not great, but solid. The hash brown potatoes were sliced potatoes vs grated- they were super yum! And the biscuits were great.
Overall, good. Service was a bit slow, but we didn't have anywhere to go. Great people watching and good food- a nice morning joint.Stopped in for drinks, to cool off and to enjoy the music. The waitress was a bitch. The place was empty so we weren't taking away from her tips. We thought it was us, but she was standoffish and rude to all her patrons. The food didn't look that special.l and breakfast buffet for $10.99 was fair from extraordinary.My wife had the Muffaletta and I ordered the Red Beans & Rice.  Both were excellent however the serving size of the Muffaletta was extremely large, come hungry if you order this meal.Heading into the French Quarter, it might be wise to know that everyone attending will understand that the French Quarter restaurants aren't the cheapest places in town. I had planned to go to a restaurant across the street, but someone in my party deemed it too expensive and we instead went to The Market Cafe. 
The food is okay, but the space is tight and the food is not the best that the city has to offer. For an appetizer, I ordered the alligator sausage, which was pretty delicious. For the meal, I took an incredible wrong turn and ordered the oyster poboy. GET THE SHRIMP, PEOPLE. The oyster one tastes like a sandwich of dirty water. 
The service is as acceptable as one could expect from a tourist city. Know that you will be assaulted by a number of birds who will eat your food and a noise level that you probably weren't expecting, even with the knowledge that you're in New Orleans. The drinks are weak, so stick to tea, soda, or water.Today I was in the city early so I made my way here and was pleasantly pleased to find The Market Cafe serving breakfast.  I had the buffet which was a very solid offering.  
I came back for lunch on my way back to my Kenner hotel.  My server Christin was just awesome.  Efficient, attentive, and very personable.  I had the shrimp poboy which was another solid offering.  
Don't forget that The Market Cafe features a great live jazz band rhat serenades you while you eat.  The band plays for tips so please be generous when it comes to TIP time.Four of us had a lunch here on a Sunday.  Fully understanding that it is New Orleans and there are a lot of tourists, I have to say the service was very disappointing.  The waitress was not friendly at all and our food came out of the kitchen at different times.  The couple with us got their food, I got mine after another five minutes and it was another 15 minutes before my wife's came out.  All she ordered was a chicken wings and pork ribs appetizer.  Most of the party thought the food was OK.  I had the Muffaleta, which was very good.  Probably wouldn't come back.My waiter was super friendly and the jazz band entertaining, but the food was sub average.  House salad was too much $$ for what I got and the Gulf Shrimp dish was not doing it for me.   Veggies were just steamed, nothing else...something odd flavored in the shrimp, but I couldn't put my finger on it. Jambalaya was simple.  Nothing special.
However, lots of outdoor seating and room to people watch.  Have to give it a thumbs up for that.
Had I read Yelp reviews, I would not have gone here.  It was the band that lured me in.Good food at 11:30. 
We opted for lunch, gator bites as an app.and we both had the crawfish pie.  It was a delicious flaky crust with crawfish ettoufee underneath.  No skimping on the crawfish either. 
I gotta say though, the majority of the people around us ordered breakfast (at 11:30?!?) and we were really envious. The biscuits looked huge and the pancakes fluffly/delicious. 
We're going to try them another morning for breakfast, but lunch wasn't bad, probably one of the 2nd best meals we've had so far in NOLA.I'm basing my review off of one appetizer that we got to-go. I wanted to try some alligator while in New Orleans so we got some alligator bites. I thought the food was okay (tastes like chewier chicken) and the sauce was excellent but it was way overpriced for the amount. They were able to fit everything in one of those small to-go boxes with some old lettuce and that cost over $10. The breading of the fried alligator also overpowered the actual meat. Overall, I'm glad we didn't order more from here and wish I had gone elsewhere to try some alligator. The 3 stars is for the good sauce and the benefit of the doubt that the other foods aren't as overpriced or below average.came here for dinner at around 8pm because it was one of the few places in the french quarter with live jazz and no age restriction. it took around 20 minutes before anyone remembered that we were there and to take our order..my friend and i weren't too hungry so we ordered a jambalaya to share. it tasted pretty good but nothing that blew our socks off - i really liked the sausage they used in the jambalaya, it was spicy and added a kick to the dish. the presentation wasn't amazing, just 3 scoops of the rice but it was filling. my friend and i then ordered their fudge brownie for dessert. our waiter forgot about it and didn't check in with us for another 10 minutes. when we reminded him, he apologized and went back to the kitchen. 10 minutes later, he came by again and asked if we were waiting on anything - we reminded him again that we had ordered a brownie and he apologized and hurried back towards the kitchen. at this point, we fully expected him to be going back for our dessert, after all we had already reminded him twice. but of course 10 minutes later he came out with the bill and still no dessert....we were kind of pissed off by now but we reminded him AGAIN for the third time. he finally came back with the dessert 5 minutes later. the dessert itself was really yummy, a warm brownie served with ice cream and chocolate sauce - a classic you can't go wrong with. overall, the food was mediocre, the music was good, but the service was terrible. the two stars is for the music.Had the oyster poboy it was delicious and my friends split a lot of different food and by loved the crawfish étouffée. Sat inside in the air conditioning :))) was a great evening mealWe had planned to do the tourist thing and go to Cafe Du Monde, but the line was ridiculous, so we decided to check out this place instead. It has a lot of seating but had no wait. They had a live jazz band playing, which was so nice and cool! There weren't a lot of vegetarian options on the menu, but fortunately they had a breakfast buffet, which I got. Everything was so fresh: pancakes, scrambled eggs, grits, biscuits, and seriously the best potatoes I've ever had. I don't know how they make them but they were delicious. My partner absolutely loved his shrimp po' boy as well. Considering the location it was a good value. The buffet was $10 and the sandwiches were a little more than that. In addition, our server was so nice and helpful. I would definitely come back.Don't order the Poboy, a Subway would be better, cheaper, and with cheese included. The environment is nice though.Went there for lunch. Prompt seating and wait staff was very nice. Kids menu not listed but available. Ordered shrimp & oyster po boy and muffuletta - both were goodThis review is about a single item they serve. Continue reading.
You know the NOLA August thing, when you've walked 2, possibly 3 blocks, outside and are now drenched in your own sweat and your sunglasses are sliding down your sunscreened and sweaty nose and all you can think about is finding some AC and you're tired of browsing useless souvenir shops and overpriced antique stores and dammit all the cafes are outdoors??? Then you see the beacon of the Market Cafe and you go inside to have whatever you must order to soak up some AC? You know, THAT phenomenon?? 
That's how I discovered they make the best iced mocha on the planet. And I NEVER order these in coffee shops because they are always tooooooo sweet and syrupy. It is now part of my ritual on every trip, nearly every day. Martin the bartender is hip, quirky, very quick-witted, and good to pass the time with while you soak up that sweet, sweet air conditioning.My family ate here on Christmas Day because it was one of the only places that was open in the area, you could sit inside and eat, and didn't need a reservation (everywhere else was sold out). It was a packed house (aka slow service but understandable) when we went to eat here (obvi christmas day!). Its just a simple cafe with a bar in the middle, and some tables inside and outside if you want to eat outside. No fancy decor or anything. I got the jumbalaya and it was so-so. Nothing special but okay. My coffee wasn't anything special either.Loved the Southern Fly drink. The live music is great and the menu looks good but we only had drinks. Great location and we had a pretty good server as well!I love New Orleans so much that there is very little I am not willing to forgive when I visit there. Last night, my son and I went to the Market Cafe about 9:00 pm for a late dinner. The Cafe was out of the debris po'boy that my son wanted so he ordered the roast beef po'boy and I ordered the Taste of New Orleans ( gumbo, shrimp creole, jambalaya, and red beans and rice). It took about 20 minutes for our food to arrive and it was certainly not worth the wait. But I love New Orleans so I was willing to overlook the poor tasting food because of the late hour. However, a cockroach that was as big as my little finger crawled across my sandaled foot during the meal. I was so sickened that I jumped up from the table and paid the bill. I informed that manager and he apologized and offered to comp the meal. I should have taken my money back but I was terrified that I would vomit there in the cafe so I just walked off. NEVER will I eat there again. Some things can't be overlooked. Cockroaches are not forgivable EVER!We ate here for lunch right around 12:30 and got right in without waiting.  We love to eat outside and for a hot, humid Louisiana day the patio was very comfortable.  Unfortunately there were numerous homeless hanging around the outside of the patio, but that is not something the restaurant has any control over.  We really did have great service and the food was okay.  I do believe it was a bit overpriced, but for the location it was worth it to us so we didn't have to trek all over all in the heat.  First time having a muffaletta and it was good. Breading on fried alligator and chicken strips was actually really good and NOT greasy at all.  Would I go back?  I believe I would go back if I needed a quick lunch that I know is good.  Plus a jazz band was playing and they were great entertainment!A lady was outside trying to get customers in and we asked if they were still serving breakfast and she said yes they had a ten dollar all you can eat buffet.  I would have preferred to eat somewhere else and have lunch/regional foods, but the husband likes a traditional breakfast.  It was good.  Lots of bacon, sausage, eggs, grits, pancakes, and fried potatoes.  I didn't have any fruit.  It was affordable and good.  They had biscuits and white gravy too.  Sausage gravy isn't as big in New Orleans as in the midwest, so the gravy was just so so for me.  Waitress extremely nice!  Staff got my husband a drink to go...very nice and seen the staff constantly cleaning up around buffet.The Muffaletta sandwich was great!  The gumbo was good too.  Add in the great music and it makes it 5 stars!My husband and I ate here 3 nights in a row. We loved the outdoor seating. The bands they had playing while we were eating were great, too. The food was good but not outstanding to say, "When you go to NOLA you must stop at the Market Cafe because their food is awesome." My husband was becoming quite famous by eating a whole muffuletta almost each night we dined. Rick our waiter remember what we drank each night which was a homely touch. Rick made us feel like family while we were there and that extra touch made us want to come back each night for dinner. Overall the food was good but we really returned for the ambiance of the cafe, our waiter Rick and the music that was playing in the cafe each night.Gross! The gumbo was straight out of a can and to top it off it was cold. Gross! The bbq shrimp was gross too. No flavor and the shrimp was obviously old because it was mushy. The dressing on my caesar salad was mayonnaise-y so if you like that you'll like this place. The kids chicken tenders, well you can't say much about that. Kids will eat anything. The service was worst than the food. We accidentally walked into this restaurant thinking it was Cafe du Monde. They kinda look the same. Oops! First time in NOLA, next time I'll know better. Oh, and there was a mandatory 18% (?) gratuity for five people. Bad, bad, bad!Stay away, tourists! Not only is the food truly awful, but they are super shady. If they think you're a tourist who might be out of town by the time you notice, these guys may try to charge your card twice! I live in New Orleans and stopped in last night to hear a friend play music. I bought a round of beers for the table and a bowl of (absolutely disgusting) fried crawfish. (Seriously, how do you make fried crawfish taste bad? Yeah, I dont know either! But these guys fucking did it!) After I paid, added a tip and signed the receipt, the waiter came back and said the machine kicked out my charge. He asked for my card to check the machine. He didn't say he was going to run it again. And then... That's right guys, he ran it again! But for a different amount. I looked up the charges in my account and, as expected, I had 2 charges. In short, I paid $50 for 3 beers and a bowl of (shitty) crawfish. I complained and made clear that I wasn't going away until this was taken care of. When they realized I wasn't a tourist and I wasn't letting this go, they brought out all receipts and assured me the money would be back in my account at midnight. It's not. I'm heading back there tonight. In short, STAY AWAY! THE FOOD IS SHIT AND THEY ARE RUNNING SCAMS!Super friendly staff!
My wife & I were wandering around looking for something to eat. A really nice man called us over, sat us down where we could hear the jazz band and took our order. My wife wasn't feeling very good and he was more than willing to cooperate with her trying to find same thing she could eat. ( not too rich, not too spice) I ordered the crawfish beignets, they were amazing! I'll definitely visit again ( they also have fresh fruit daiquiris, margaritas and beer to go!)The food is probably only about 3 stars, but the experience earns it an extra one.  When you've spent your morning browsing through the French Market, how can you resist having a seat at the Market Cafe, having a muffaletta and an iced tea, and enjoying some live New Orleans jazz?  Throw in a cup of red beans & rice, and life is good!   It's a great place to people watch as well, just be careful or you'll find yourself losing track of time and you'll miss out on the rest of the city!Breakfast buffet has all the essentials on it and priced reasonably for the French Quarter at $11. Ruby slipper and Horns are two other choices, bit more expensive.Taste of new orleans dish was good, gyro was good. This service however was pretty awful. Took them forever to finally see us and got attitude the entire time. Won't be back.Crawfish beignets weren't what I expected but were delicious. Live music and outdoor seating make it an enjoyable atmosphere as well!Great location by the river. Live music all day, good bands, decent drinks. The service is prompt and friendly. Thank you!Overpriced food with average service. Walk a little further to the french market where you can get better food for much cheaper.I ordered my first ever Muffaleta and it was really good! It was a little salty for my taste but only because it had ham. Even though I didn't like olives, the olive salad spread on the bread balanced it out.
It was really busy; therefore, service was slowwwww. 
What I did love about this place was the jazz band that played outside in the patio. It was perfect especially with the beautiful weather.Key lime is amazing!! :) made by Martino, he is such a fun guy and embodies the spirit of New Orleans so well! This is coming from a resident :)The catfish po-boy and gator bites were great!  Service was slow. Live music was fun!We did not get to the food.  We were roped in to sitting down for a breakfast buffet. We asked about the buffet, assuming it may have some authentic southern dishes. Not a thing. 
We decided to go somewhere else, as we had previously seen some other restaurants with more interesting fare. The waiter was very rude and said we could hike down to ihop a few miles away for breakfast. Instead, we went down a block for muffalatta and some Cajun grits.
Skip this place, it's a tourist trap.The catfish poyboy was really good. The reason I gave 4 stars is because of the price- they are about $16. It was fine, because I split it with my friend, but that's just way to much for some fish on a bun. 
Service was good and there's a nice deck, as well as an air conditioner indoors areas. Solid drinks too.So we're walking around the French Market trying to meet up with some friends before heading to the 2008 Sugar Bowl...can't find 'em but we're so f*cking hungry... "Let's just eat here..." My buddy tells me, sounding like we just caved in and settled for some Doritos & a Coke. 
The only seats available at lunch on New Year's Day are at the bar. Being that we plan on getting drunk, that's not a problem. The bartender was a crack up...either he was funny or the Double JD & Cokes he made me were pretty stiff...
Okay, for starters, we get the Gator bites. Battered & fried chunks of Alligator tail...MMM, pretty good, considering that I've never eaten alligator before. Does it taste like chicken? A little. The consistency is definitely like chicken, tastes like a cross between chicken & fish. Either way, it's good! A couple dasshes of Crystal hot sauce & cocktail sauce...can't go wrong! 
Next, I get the "Taste of New Orleans", which includes a bowl each of, Seafood Gumbo, Red Beans & Rice, Crawfish Etouffe & Sausage Jambalaya. Every dish was delicious, to say the least. This was the third time in 2 days I had to turn to my friend and ask "Is it me or does this whole f*cking city know how to cook?" He ordered the "Seafood Combo Platter" which consisted of 2 Fried Catfish filets, Flash fried oysters & fried gulf shrimp. I had a taste of each of those and needless to say, pretty damn good...
Now, we're full as hell but it wouldn't be right to just leave without dessert. So we ordered the Bread Pudding w/rum sauce and the Pecan pie. The bread pudding was to die for. I thought the Pecan Pie was delicious too but my friend said he's had better from some southern kitchen in Hayward. I know, WTF? Either way, I thought it was good and this is my review so to hell with him and his Pecan Pie from Hayward.
So all in all, our second day in NOLA was starting out to be a good one. In the culinary department at least...Terry and josh helped me and my boyssssss get super twisted at noon on Friday. We washed down the delicious PO boys with dozens of perfectly poured drinks. Would recommend it to my mother, much less strangers.We had lunch here and we enjoyed it.  My husband and I both had 1/2 Muffaletta. they were huge and really good.  we should probably have split a half but we ate most of it.  The band plays outside and it is a very good people watching spot.  It is also very close to the French Market.Boooooo!  Came all the way from Florida for their muffuletta & they closed early!! We expressed our sadness but no one cared!!!Well I was walking around the French Qtr and wanted to try some authentic gumbo, sadly my phone was acting up and I couldn't look up anything on yelp.  This place is nice enough and the food was good enough, nothing wowed me though.  You'll certainly appreciate the AC! :)I like this place.   Music.  In the heart.  A bit touristy. But good muffaleta and good beer.  Etouffe is good.  Not fine dining of course but a nice place with good food + music.  Friendly servers.Ordered the shrimp creole and it had 4 pieces of shrimp, rice and stewed tomatoes, and nothing else that was stated on the menu.....all for 20$  what a tourist trap...we were too starved to care but in hindsight...should of done more about it!  It was a rip off.