It's a Ritz: old, nice, a bit stuffy and well located in the French Quarter but far enough off Bourbon street that you dont actually step into the urine/vomit/booze syrup that glosses the pavement in these parts. 
Minus stars for:
-The lobby set up. Taking two elevators is confusing when you have been drinking for 30 straight hours and were recently hexed by a voodoo shaman. 
-The water pressure. Or lack thereof. We are surrounded by water in the Crescent City- get some into the pipes
- The staff. Just not the overtly polite polish- "we are here to serve your every demand, no matter how trivial" -that I expect from a Ritz
All in all, I'd stay again, but if you are expecting the 6 star treatment the Ritz Carlton reputations are built from, you may be slightly disappointed.We stayed at the NOLA Ritz April 14-18. I have always wanted to stay at the Ritz Carlton. I'm not going to lie, I had high hopes for the Ritz.  I even joined their rewards club.  I have got to tell you I was not very impressed. I have stayed in luxury hotels in Vegas that are far less expensive and I was much more pleased. 
Check-in was easy and quick. I didn't appreciate the clerk trying to sell me an additional meal package, I felt like I was at MacDonald's. The room was basic and small, had a slight musty smell. The pictures on their website are beautiful, so...what happened? The plumbing pipes were loud. I was able to hear each time our neighbors took a shower.  The towels were terrible! They were cheap and rough feeling. I liked the bath products. 
We had a late night bite to eat in the Davenport Lounge. Food was good, cocktails not so much. Service was slow but very friendly. The decor and ambiance in the lounge is gorgeous. 
My first visit to The Ritz, was quite disappointing. I most likely will not return to this location.  I will however consider other locations.Rooms seem to have a sound proofing problem with hallway noise. Was mistakenly charged for a mini bar item that i am allergic to and would never have been able to ingest. However the valet staff was wonderful as was the bar staff. Beautiful hotel with a great location....Fancy pancy! And we love it! Exceptional service and one block away from bourbon st!Still a great option. 
Amazing staff, excellent accommodations and money well spent. 
As one writer has pointed out, Platinum Elite Marriott members are not given club level access or free parking, but this is clearly spelled out in the Marriott rewards account details. If you receive it elsewhere (other Ritz locations), it is lagniappe. 
The Ritz Carlton has its own rewards program and most guests staying here are staying because they can afford to pay for a certain level of care and they have little issue paying for what is desired. After all, 5 star experiences usually involve a 5 star price tag. Does anyone really believe that the elitist of our society choose hotels solely based on points or rewards? They will happily shell out the extra $100 - $200 a night for snacks and treats on the club level along with the ability to escape the commoners (i.e. Those looking for free access so they can bring in all six of their friends). 
My 2016 Stay 
So------I did not receive a suite or club level access free of charge, but I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. I am also most appreciative of the amenity delivered to my room. Anyone looking for a free suite and lots of freebies may be better served hopping over to the full service Marriott which is a few blocks away. 
Davenport Lounge and Room Service 
The room service food offerings are hot, fresh and delicious even at 3am. The Davenport has really good food too. I love their seafood pasta, sirloin burger and believe it or not, the French fries. The fries are better than any fries I have ever had. Any fry, any day... RC wins the best fries award. 
I would stay again in a heartbeat. It has consistently been a great choice. Highly recommend staying here.Who could ask for anything more?
I was in New Orleans for the Essence Festival. I had a FABULOUS time in New Orleans and the hotel accommodations were top notch. 
I was in my natural habitat...you know...with the OTHER celebs.
The most endearing part of my stay was one of the employees saying...."It's a pleasure to wait on you. When it's one of my own I take a special pride in serving them" and that warmed my heart....as far as we've come we still have a ways to go. (if that makes any sense)
Not to get all deep on ya...it was the best!
Plush PI want to give this a 4.5...
You can't dislike the Ritz - very clean, friendly, and accommodating.  My husband and I had a wonderful stay. 
We loved the location - it was close enough to Bourbon street without all the noise.
The room was very nice and the bed was incredibly comfortable.  In addition they've switched their bathroom products from bulgari to asprey...which is equally as amazing! (I actually like the smell better)
Only a couple of hiccups:
Our room service for dinner was quoted at 25 minutes. After 50 I called to follow up. The manager instantly got on the phone, comped the bill and delivered our food within 15. Mistakes happen, and I was happy in the way they handled the situation.
The bathroom shower had some strange cracks that appeared to be leaking. Due to the age of the hotel, maybe it is expected?
I will definitely return to this Ritz next time I'm in N.O.We stayed here on our last trip for Mardi Gras. We had requested a room with two double beds when we booked, however when we were checking in they didn't have one available, so we were stuck with a Queen... but they offered to give us a roll-away bed, which was okay, but the room was so tiny that it didn't feel comfortable to have an extra bed in there. Parking is expensive ($40-$45 per night), but it's like that everywhere. The pool is so tiny, you wonder if it's a tub to soak in before actually going to the actual pool, but no that is the actual pool. They also had a hot tub, which was full of drunk people who wouldn't leave! Annoying! But again, it's Mardi Gras, so I guess it was to be expected. During the parade, all of the entrances to the hotel are closed except for one and they have security checking your wrist band to see if you are really a guest of the hotel, which I guess had to be done to avoid douche bags coming in. As you enter the hotel, you have to take the elevator to the 3rd floor where the actual lobby is and then from there you switch elevators to get to your room, which was annoying. 
We saw Ludacris at the hotel with his entourage like 3 times, it was nice to see a celebrity. 
Service is okay, I guess I was expecting more... Overall, a nice place to stay!Wonderful stay. Everyone was so nice. The beds were comfy and clean. The rooms were very nice. All the food... From room service to the restaurant for breakfast... Was so good. I would definitely stay here again.This property and very Nice.  Many amenities and the rooms are a decent size.  The beds are great, the toiletries are top quality.
When I checked in, they were very prompt and courteous.  They even recognized me as a repeat visitor.  No room upgrade though : (
The only thing I don't like are the towels.  They are nice, but seem a bit rough.  Just not really that soft.  Also, since this is my third time staying here, I always noticed that the sink and tub drain slowly.
Other than that, everything is great.  I don't spend a lot of time at the hotel it self, with all that NOLA has too offer, but I do think they make pretty good drinks at the bar.
If you are thinking about staying in NOLA, and if the price is not too high, this place is worth it.  Most of the time, the hotel price is comparable to others.
The also have twice-a-day housekeeping service.  It is always nice to come back after a night out to a clean and refreshed room.This review is just for the spa part. $145 for 50 mins. Marilyn was fantastic! I told her where I needed work and she was on it. I wished I got 80 mins because she didn't have time to work on feet and back :(
The spa itself was just ok. The spa fee for use of facility is $75 def not worth it because there were not many amenities. Ladies bring your bathing suit the pool and hot tub is in coed area downstairs.We were in New Orleans for a conference four days after Mardi Gras 2015 and we stayed on the 5th floor of the Club Level. 
Location: If you want to explore the French Quarter this hotel is in the perfect location - literally right on the edge of the French Quarter, but away from the noise.  If you're heading to the convention center it's a mile away and a short taxi ride.
The room: nice furnishings, comfortable bed, quiet, somewhat on the smallish side. Free wifi. Downside is we had a view of the parking lot out of one window and the Hyatt on the other. (Next time we'll ask for a higher floor.) 
Club level - this is the reason we're going to make this our "go to" hotel in New Orleans.  Literally the nicest club we've ever been in (and we've been in quite a few.)  Great place to hang out after touring around and meetings. Lots of space -3 separate rooms - and great decor. 
24/7 snacks, plus breakfast, lunch, dinner, and food in-between. Wine/beer/drinks. WSJ and NY Times.
Staff: The Club has its own dedicated and very helpful concierge staff. But everyone in the hotel was helpful, courteous and went out of their way to be accomodating. World class service.
To top it off we had a 6:45pm flight and they let us stay in the room until 4pm and afterwards use the club until we left for the airport.
Great hotel. Great vibe of people truly interested in making your stay enjoyable.
Stay on the Club Level if you can.The bartender named Byron was superb! He is passionate abt his drinks and the local fare. Excellent!I was surprised this hotel was on my company's preferred list.   I chose the Ritz over a Country Inn & Suites.  Yay, me!  Excellent service.   Large room with nice touches.   A little worried I would be up all night listening to the guests (3 girls) in the adjacent room.  But it was quiet and/or I was comatose from dinner and wine.   Beautiful courtyard.  Fun to walk around the common areas of the hotel.   Good location.  Walked to my meeting.    I would stay there again.You can't go wrong with the Ritz-Carlton - courteous staff and gorgeous interior. Strangely enough, the Ritz wasn't much more expensive than other hotels in the area and a little cheaper than some three-star hotels on Bourbon Street. In my opinion, the hotel is in the perfect location and a lot nicer compared to some others on Canal Street. Plus, walkable to all the must-see/eat places in New Orleans. Bourbon Street is a short 5-min walk away, a comfortable distance from noisy drunk people when you're ready to turn in. You have to pay for Internet, but there's free wi-fi in the lobby.
Only drawback: our room on the fourth floor had the worst view ever. The only thing we could see were a couple of spinning roof vents and the side of a building. Needless to say, we just kept our curtains closed.
All in all, you're guaranteed a wonderful stay here! I highly recommend it.Returned because we enjoyed the club-level so much last time. What a let-down.  We upgraded to a club-level suite and ended up in a dingy 4th floor suite.  What was worse is when we got to the room it reeked of some unidentifiable but pungent smell, bad enough that our bellman volunteered to try to get us another room.  No other rooms were available. They sent housekeeping to try to get rid of the smell.  Best we can tell is they turned on the fan.
Never heard back from the front-desk.  Could have used a "oops, we're sorry."
3 stars because the club itself is still great.
We were planning to return later this week, now I'm thinking we may go elsewhere.Very nice hotel! Exceptional excellent service from the front door bellman to the front desk to the concierge to the barista to the maids to all staff came into contact with but especially to the waiter and staff that took care of us for breakfast and lunch for our meetings on the first floor! Excellent care for people with dietary restrictions!  Thank you!!Incredible room as always. Paid for the club level but didn't use it much. Have to say that it was very relaxing when we did. I'm so glad I can use my Marriott points at the Ritz now and actually got some respect. Great job people!Ultimate Luxury. It has a great spa area with a hot tub and jet pool. The rooms are large with comfortable beds. We ordered room service one day and got burgers. The burgers were around $25 each, but let me tell you these burgers were huge and probably the best that I have ever had. The idea of a $25 burger infuriates me, that is how good it was that I look back on it and was like WOW. The service there is incomparable to anywhere else I have stayed.I hate leaving the Ritz and especially the NOLA location. The staff had their southern grace turned up to max the whole time we were there. From the concierge to the bellman to the service staff everyone was so welcoming. Bring your swim suit because the pool area is neat and a great spot to relax after a day of walking. Splurge for the club access, you would think that in a city of great food you wouldn't need it but trust you won't be upset you had it. Ask a concierge to help you arrange what you would like to do while here and you will save yourself a nonalcoholic headache. All in all, it is worth it folks. Stay, sleep, enjoy!This review is long overdue.  I had  a work event in New Orleans at The Ritz Carlton last year.
Never been so hubby and I decided to make a short vacacaton and stayed a few extra days.
We stayed here for a week an I must say everything was great. The location was perfect, walking distance to shopping, French Quarter and even Harrah's casino. The trolley was right in front and there's a ton of restaurants nearby. The hotel itself had delicious food, great service and most importantly, the room was clean.  
It was our first visit to New Orleans so thank you Ritz Carlton for making it such a great experience. We will definitely stay here again when we visit in the future.This hotel is right on Canal, it's absolutely gorgeous and huge. They have a beautiful courtyard on the 3rd floor outside the lobby and the Davenport Lounge is excellent. Jeremy Davenport plays on Wednesday and Friday, and it was absolutely packed at the bar. Great music, definitely worth checking out if you're in the hotel.This is a gorgeous hotel with a perfect location ... on the edge of the French quarter. Just a short walk to the action but quiet enough that when you want to go back to your room to relax you can have a quiet place to escape to. The staff are top notch as is the décor.Probably one of the most elegant hotel experiences that I have had.  Prior to the Katrina disaster, I stayed here on business and it was undergoing a major renovation.  Despite the construction goings on, the staff was amazingly attentive, the food was incredible (of course, our staff was treated to a private dinner prepared by the executive chef), and everyone called me by my name wherever I went.  Felt a little too pampered...First time staying at the Ritz! Wow! They really roll out the red carpet! From the car attendent, to check in, to the bellmen. Very impressed so far!The most upscale hotel I've ever stayed in! The service was not even comparable to other places. My husband and I made reservations for our one year wedding anniversary last weekend and had an excellent time. There was a huge bathroom and the water ran very hot for the bathtub. They had an Ipod charger for my Iphone on the alarm clock and the bedding was very comfortable with plenty of extra pillows. Big HD Flat screen TV in the room and everything smelled like the candles they were burning in the lobby, even the travel size shampoo and lotions. It's just a short walk to Burboun street and a short drive to the Audubon Zoo and Aquarium. Just don't touch anything in the fridge unless you want to pay for it! They have weight senors and will charge for everything you move! (We called and they refunded the charges because we didn't actually use any of the products.)Not a "5".  I had hoped you would be a "5" rating.   I rate you barely a "4".  The staff were all extremely nice.  The following issues arose:   No comforters for "feather-free" room, just a crummy thin cotton blanket, was not sufficient and I was freezing on night 1.  Had to pursue this to get them to dig up a couple of comforters.  Really, Marriott has this down, wondering why the RITZ can't figure this out?   Next, hot tub was closed EARLIER than the stated time, despite being told previously it was open until 9pm.  That was a total bummer.  The free coffee card really doesn't compensate.  Then, got a phone call mid-week asking us what time we were checking out.  Well, actually, we had 3 more days left in our stay.  There were many small mis-steps like this during our stay and the Ritz Carlton never offered up any compensation.  For the price, I would not stay here again.  The devil is in the details and some of the details were disappointing, considering I expected excellence in luxury and service from the Ritz Carlton brand.I'm disappointed in our visit. The hotel is decorated nicely, it's in a superb location, and the staff was mostly very obsequious, however, I can't get over how unclean the room was. It hadn't been dusted in ions it seems. Not all the light were working, bed wasn't that comfortable, etc. We upgraded to the club level, so for the price we paid I would expect it to be better kept. 
Terrence in the club level was amazing and was a nice face to be greeted by each morning.I have a hotel ritual.  Lately, I've found myself judging hotels by my bubble bath experience.  Yeah, yeah, It's been AGES since I've yelped, but my bubble bath experience at the Ritz-Carlton New Orleans was so damn good, I had to come out of my yelping hiatus.  
Multiple jack and diets on the plane, my post-midnight arrival to New Orleans, and sharing a cab ride with randoms was the perfect recipe to unwind and take a nice long bath.  After catching up with the rest of the gals, and marveling at the size of our room/home for the next few days, I made a beeline to the bathroom and started to fill the enormous marble tub.  
Ah, the tub.  It could have easily fit all 3 of us!  I'm really certain about this.  Now I really regret not trying to get us all in there. . .perhaps the atmosphere (read: non-MardiGras trip) wasn't quite right.  
Aside from my pleasant (and multiple) bath experience, the rest of my stay at the Ritz-Carlton was spectacular.  From their hospitality to the green apples at the Fitness Center (which, btw, is so modern and clean), they really set the bar.   
If ever in New Orleans again, I'll definitely have to stay at the Ritz and take multiple baths!The location is a little away from the hustle and bustle if the quarter, so you will need to walk a little to Bourbon street.  Now, this hotel does not disappoint if you have stayed at any of the other properties.  I stayed during a business conference so I did not spend much time in the room because of conferences and getting out to explore the great food and frivolity right outside your door.Nice hotel in the French Quarter. On the 14th fl out of 15 floors. Well appointed hotel. Not quite as opulent as some other Ritz properties but in NOLA it's as nice as it gets.  
Slightly choppy entrance with lobby up on the 3rd floor and separate elevator to the upper room floors. Nice baths and quality furnishings sets the hotel apart from the basic Marriott Hilton Hyatt brands. Staff are friendly and helpful.This must rank as one of the better hotels I have stayed in. The rooms are very tastefully decorated, the ambience in the bar and live jazz is great - but what sets this place apart is the service: bellhop, restaurant servers, and all service staff. They really go the extra mile to make sure you are happy. Oh, and the food in the various restaurants is top notch. Highly recommended.A tale of two cities. The location was great, staff was wonderful, courtyard and bar area great. One of the rooms we had was clean and had a view of Canal Street that was picture like. Our other room was an utter disaster, view of a boarded up building while the bathroom had a cracked and peeling sink, a useless phone jack near the toilet that had a hole above it and several other similar issues. You CAN'T  put yourself out there with a Ritz quality image let aline charge $665 a night for that experience and room, it was very disappointing.Yow. We were here at the lounge last night to celebrate moms 60th birthday post dinner. She lovesssss Jeremy davenport so we had this planned for a while. Unfortunately the service was pretty bad. We arrived around 1145.... Late... But he plays til 1 so a hostess seated us and we got a table in the more restaurant-ish area next to the actual lounge. The service was awful. You know that feeling when you're at the mall at a clothing store that's about to close when everyone just ignores you and starts cleaning and turns the music off and avoids eye contact. That was how we felt except the music was on! We had to flag down a waiter for a drink order (party of 7) and then flag him down for the check maybe 45 minutes later. That was it. There were no ladies and gentlemen serving ladies and gentlemen. Drinks were yum and music was great as usual but I won't be back. At least til moms next birthday....I stayed here with my love and had the best hotel experience of my entire life. We dined at the hotel restaurant and the bar was fantastic. Russell at the front desk was so fruebdly and accommodating and truly went above and beyond to make our stay absolutely perfect. 
The bed and pillows were incredibly comfortable. The spa was luxurious and my pedicure was amazing. Breakfast was delicious, and the host even remembered us each day and had a warm croissant ready for me each morning. 
Over all, so perfect.The wife and I stayed here last week. 
What a great hotel. 
The staff is amazing and so so so gracious and personable. We stayed on the club level and the food in the lounge was the best. They also have an incredible little coffee bar in the lobby and Vincent is not only a great guy but a wonderful barista. ( and they serve illy !!! SWEET!!)
Davenport lounge is a hotspot , great live music and drinks in a refined but still very fun way. 
Check-in and out was easy and fast and the service is a big winner here. 
This is our go-to hotel in NOLA from now on!Fantastic! Very friendly staff as is in the South! Ritz met all expectations! Beautiful spa, lounge, rooms, courtyards, and on and on! Perfect Location! Short walk to bourbon St. Short cab ride to the casino. Check out Jeremy Davenport and his band play live in the lounge! So classic! Wonderful!You can't find a better location. The hotel is very elegant, service is amazing the staff is literally polished, but you expect that of Ritz Carlton. I actually got few minutes to stop at the gym and it was perfect too along with a spa. Few people complain about the lobby being located on the third floor, have to admit I did get lost few times, but there was always someone from the staff. 
There always few little things that you find a nice touch - "joggers welcome" with water and towels @ the entrance in the morning did the trick for me. 
I also found the garden exceptionally beautiful, especially when it was decorated for an event. Little paradise.The first impression was poor....  the staff was not rude by any means, how ever they were not the five star service I expected. Our waiter was very informative & pleasant though!Oh, by far the best! If you're willing to spend the money, it is well worth the extra change. The staff is so nice and attentive and everything is so clean and refreshing. That awesome smell of Gardenia, which circulates throughout the lobby, is found at the gift store right by the front desk. The Davenport Lounge is also a great little gem to check out. You will experience such a treat if you can catch Jeremy Davenport nightly a few days a week. VERY Convenient to everything downtown and the streetcar line. The only place to stay when visiting New Orleans!I recently attended a conference at The Ritz. Very Pleasant hotel. Beautiful rooms, conference rooms, and overall event space was just pretty. Great  service, helpful staff giving direction with a smile.  Yumyy conference food definitely made my week!
The Spa.... I think I had the best massage ever there. I'm usually tense and no masseuse ever completely gets me relaxed... but at The Ritz the masseuse did something amazing and had me feeling great for days. Pricey but I must say worth it.Best beingets in the city if New Orleans!!! The staff is awe inspiring, warm courteous and truly treated every guest as royalty.  Jeremy Davenport's performance filled the lounge with the city's elite and created a wonderful ambience.  People were dancing laughing and enjoying some tasty cocktails.  Can't wait to come back.The service at the Ritz-Carlton is always top notched. From my pre-reservation email from Ciara to my escorted arrival with JJ. Everyone is genuinely nice. You don't feel like they are putting in extra effort because that's who they are as people. Just amazing. My check-in was smooth. Alison was an absolute sweetheart and I loved her energy. Seriously great people working here. 
I love the Southern charm. The hotel is gorgeous. Our hotel room was stunning. We were there Mardi Gras weekend and you could not hear any noise from the outside. The room did feel more like Marriott with the bathtub shower combo, but not a big deal. I was surprised that my pre-requests were not in our room such as a shaving kit and toothbrush. I was also a little surprised that our soap was being thrown away each day especially when we were there for 4 days. The Ritz wads able to accommodate our early check-in, which was absolutely great!
We did have issues with our shower. We didn't have any hot water, but this was resolved. I was a little surprised with the lack of urgency when I called about our shower. I had to call a couple of times to request the ETA. The engineering department, Paula and Kenny, were great. The shower ended up flooding our bathroom, but Paula was kind enough to pay for an amazing breakfast at the lounge downstairs. 
By the time we were done with breakfast, which included mimosas, our shower was fixed and we were ready to hit the parade scene. 
This hotel is located on Canal Street, only 1 block from Bourbon Street. Also, great location since the parades come through Canal Street.
I would definitely come back here.Great location, service and awesome gym and spa. Rooms were typical Ritz decor and bed is very comfortable. Great stay.I am not sure why the high ratings. I stay in hotels for a living, 200+ nights a year. This one was disappointing and when you add in the high cost for most people not traveling with a corporate rate - holy crap. It would get one star if I paid the advertised rate.
The good: It has internet tv, the wifi isn't bad, nice coffee machine.
The bad: The room itself is just another hotel room. Nothing special. For the price, I'd expect nicer settings. The shower would not get warm. At all. There are no USB outlets or even power outlets conveniently located near the bed (Ritz, you can stay at motel 6's that have figured this out by now. I expect much better). Temperature control is completely inaccurate. 
The hotel can't do much about the noise outside, that's just NOLA, but they have doors that slam when left to close on their own. I haven't stayed at a hotel that hasn't upgraded to more quiet closing doors in years. And given that it's NOLA, people are returning to their rooms at all sorts of hours so you get slams all night long that will shake your room and wake you up.
You expect something special when you stay at a Ritz, but I couldn't tell the difference between this and a mid-scale hotel like courtyards and hamptons. At least both of them have nice usb/power outlets and warm showers. If I had paid the advertised rate, I'd be demanding a partial refund. Especially for the ice cold shower I had to take.Everything you expect from a Ritz-Carlton.
Fantastic service, gorgeous well-appointed rooms with acres of space, top notch bar/lounge (perhaps one of the best 'upscale' jazz lounges in the city) and an amazing location on Canal juuuuust far enough from Bourbon (2-3 blocks) to avoid excess drunken foot traffic.
And surprisingly affordable considering the cost of run-down rooms along bourbon and dauphine.Great great great location, but i think that is about all you are paying for. The rooms are fairly small and there is nothing that screams the Ritz. It is no more spectacular then a marriot courtyard. The elevators are fast and the staff will great you. They have a beautiful  courtyard so don't be surprise to see a wedding or special event. Overall just another hotel, but in New Orleans who really comes to sleep.I'm not sure I'll ever stay at another chain hotel again other than The Ritz. I was quite impressed with everything from valet to the housekeeping. The hotel itself was gorgeous and clean. I absolutely loved the gardenia candles they had burning throughout the hotel. 
The amenities were superb from the fitness area to the outdoor patio/garden to the spa. The one complaint I have is that they don't have a rooftop pool. How do you not have a pool?! I was told we could go use the Marriott's pool (3 blocks away), but that takes away the convenience. 
The breakfast included with our room was delicious. They didn't really change it up from day to day, but you can't go wrong with fresh fruit, grits, fresh made omelets, pancakes, bacon and more! 
I eagerly await my next Ritz visit!Location and Service can't be beat!!  Close enough to walk to all the action, but just far enough away (2 blocks) to allow yourself to feel rested.  The architecture and interior design is of the highest quality and the service is very efficient without being in your face.  Stay in Club Level if you can swing it...takes everthing to a whole new level and gives you access to amazing free drinks and food almost all day.The Ritz is an oasis in the French Quarter. As soon as you step into the hotel, you feel a wave of relaxation wash over you... any stress is left at the door. As expected, the room, lobby, lounge, etc were lovely. I especially liked the courtyard, which was the perfect place to unwind after a busy day of sight-seeing. The design and decor of the hotel were impressive. You can tell that every detail was thoughtfully executed.  The service, for the most part, was also very good.Fabulous hotel! Service stands out, as does the awesome rooms with the signature Ritz feel. I always feel right at home and ultra luxurious when at the Ritz. My favorite hotel in the city so far and I'd love to stay here again. As a side note, the hotel always smells SO good! I don't know how they get it to smell so good, or what the smell is, but I want to bottle it up and take it home!This was a great place to stay for a conference. The rooms are big and really comfortable and quiet. Staff were quick on their feet. Courtyard bar was very nice to have drink. A little windy maybe. Will be back.Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous property. Decadent and luxurious without being gaudy and tacky, which is a difficult thing to acheive in interior design.  Jeremy davenport is great entertainment in the increibly ornate yet not over the top lounge. 
The patio at night is beautiful too. Really romantic as it is all lit up with greenery and a fountain. It's perfect too because music from Jeremy drifts onto the patio without being too loud. Great date spot. 
The rooms themselves are of course incredibly nice. The beds are more comfortable than my own. Bathroom is nicely sized unlike many other hotels. I just wish the water pressure was greater but that is kind of a NO wide problem. 
I also love how while walking on Iberville, the garage area for the Ritz smells so good. The only place in the quarter that does. However, while in the hotel the good smell is not overwhelming. 
The only complaint is that after a night of hard drinking, and who doesn't do that while in NO?, getting to your room can be a challenge. The hallways curve and cut and turn a lot. Makes for a lot of drunken stumbling!I have stayed at a many Ritz-Carlton properties throughout the US and the New Orleans one is the worst by far. I stayed in a "Deluxe King" for $400+ night and the room was in poor shape (room 1224) with carpet that looks like it has not been shampooed in a long time, bathroom had nasty stains (see pics), sink had what looked to be food stains or something and lots of chips in it.  There was nothing about the room that made it feel like a "deluxe" room. I can not imagine what their standard King rooms are like if this is their "deluxe" accommodations. 
I have always believed Ritz had a high standard but the New Orleans Ritz is an exception for sure. 
The service here was also sub-par at best. For example, when we checked in we gave our luggage to the bellman ("JJ)" to have it delivered to our room while we checked in. After checking in and heading up to see our not so deluxe "Deluxe King" room, we waited for 10 min and still no luggage. So we called down and asked them to bring our luggage up. I figure maybe I was supposed to request it as opposed to them bringing it up automatically like they do at all the other properties and any upscale hotel brands (Four Seasons, Intercontinental, etc). So we waited another 15 min and still nothing. So I went downstairs to find out what happened to our luggage and found them in the middle of the lobby - with no one around doing anything with it. I ended up bringing the luggage up myself as two women at the front desk watched me retrieve them myself and they did not ask or say a word about it. Nothing. 
This was my experience at the Ritz-Carlton in New Orleans. Next time I am in New Orleans I will not stay at one of our favorite hotel brands because it does not meet the expectation that we appreciate about the Ritz-Carlton brand. There are other nice hotels in New Orleans to stay, or at a minimum get a similar poor quality "Deluxe King" hotel for less $$. 
If you are looking to get a Ritz-Carlton brand experience this is not the Ritz I would stay in.Just finished a 3 day stay at this wonderful hotel. Clean, classic, and centrally located. Amazing staff and service! Thank you.In the Club, on the fourth floor, life is perfect. Nothing could be improved. Well, maybe it could be less expensive, but that's about it. The staff all seemed to have been lifted from an alternative universe where everyone is friendly, polite, exceedingly helpful and .... well, just nice. The food was fresh, delicious, plentiful and ever-changing and the almost unlimited wine and cocktails were excellent.Was there this week for the Sugar Bowl.  I walked away after spending 3 nights there thinking:  Eh...it's okay.
The pros:  It's 2 blocks from Bourbon Street so convenient.  The lobby decor is, indeed, grand and what you'd expect from a Ritz Carlton property.  The spa and fitness facility are nice.  The staff, overall, is nice and helpful.
The cons:  
1)  The perpetual housekeeping.  (I'm convinced they have a graveyard shift for housekeeping.) Cleaning carts in hallways all through the day -- and evening.  Our rooms weren't cleaned until the mid-afternoon. We eventually had to call.
2)  Unreliable check in time.  Check-in is 4:00 -- however, they didn't have our room ready by then.  Had we not inquired about the status after some time, we probably would have been at the Ritz bar until midnight.  After reading other reviews, it looks like ours is not an isolated incident.  (I understand that we arrived on new year's day and of the demands of cleaning rooms from partygoers.  However, one would presume that this was not their first New Year and the hotel would plan accordingly.)  
3)  Rooms.  I agree with some of the reviewers about the state of the rooms.  For $800/night, one would expect that dresser drawers would be in good working order.  (On ours, the slide completely broke off rendering it unusable and unsightly.)  
4)  Manager.  There was an issue with our room.  Since the front desk clerk couldn't really help, we had to talk to the manager.  (If you ever saw, "Little Miss Sunshine," imagine the apathetic hospital administrator.  That's her.)  She was terse and had this, "Just 'effing deal with it" attitude.  (Um, this IS the Ritz and not Motel 6, right?)
Thank God for Bourbon Street.  Not sure I'd return to this Ritz.Ok I have to admit I didn't stay here but I remember the ritz having really good beignets after eating them here years ago and wanted to stop by again when I was there for the festival last week. You get caramel sauce,chocolate sauce and fresh raspberries. BEST beignets in town.the service and ambiance was also great!Customer service and ambiance make this a 4 star hotel. The small details are done with care, and there are no corners cut to make your stay comfortable. The beds are incredibly soft and comfy, the rooms are OK, a little downgrade from the JW marriott down the block. Overall though, a great experience.I have been treated very rudely here, unfortunately. I tried getting a drink at the hotel bar, the bartenders did their very best to ignore me, and when I tried to wave to them I was told off by security. The manager then told me that I would just have to wait - I had waited for 20 min at that point. They were rude and unhelpful. I had thought a Ritz Carlton would be better that a Motel 6, but nope, not this one. Unacceptable customer service. Just rude! Why would I pay this amount of money to be treated like a nuisance?We went to brunch at the New Orleans Ritz, not Sunday, but special occasion for Christmas day. Having the Key Biscayne Ritz in the top 5 of my favorite places to splurge, I was VERY impressed with this place. The dining room is a little interst5ing, particularly for me being an architect. I would like to see if he little nooks are always part of the setup or were simply added in anticipation of a larger crowd for this day. The main room has a spectacular stained glass feature that is worth a treat in and of itself.
We were seated on the edge of the main dining room in close proximity to the seafood and sushi section. The buffet spread through numerous rooms and even the hallways offered self serve treats (mostly little canapés displayed in the built in shelves. I particularly like the display of shrimp and crawfish ice status jackpots; very creative!
The atmosphere was enhanced by a trio playing live music with a New Orleans twist and entertainment for the kids (...I guess so that the adults could have an extra mimosa, or two...). The service was la little slow and they did mix up our bill at the end...but management made up for this a special serving of beignets (not found on the buffet)...not that there was any place to put them.
I was very impressed with the overall ambiance and presentation as well as creation of the cuisine and will most likely stay at this place next time I come to town (hope that they have some good specials...) and must strongly recommend the Sunday BrunchThe staff at the Ritz Carlton really made my day,all five days that my group of girls and I stayed there.  I'm looking at you, Jillian, Bubba, Jamie!  Friendly, professional, and fun!  They made it a nice place to come "home" to after long nights of debauchery on Bourbon.
Food was good but not spectacular, exceptions being the gumbo and eggs benedict...but the Mojitos...best I have ever had.  Courtyard is so beautiful I wouldn't mind having it at my
I'm headed back to Nola in a few weeks, wouldn't dream of staying anywhere else.  
Staff be warned...heheI love this hotel so much, I've been fortunate enough to stay four times over the past two years. The staff is amazing and the hotel is so beautiful. Upgrade to the club lounge, you'll be thrilled you did.My husband and I just spent the weekend here for a retreat he was attending.  The Ritz embodies everything you would think it does, with mindful accommodations and small touches that exceed expectations.  
Case in point:  the small cart making bite size strawberry shortcakes made with fresh Ponchatoula strawberries by the Executive Chef, with a complimentary Abita Strawberry Ale.
Our only complaint is that to get to the rooms, you must take two elevators and it is cumbersome.
The shining star of this hotel, though is Rudy Rassmussen, the concierge.  He made the impossible happen, and it made our trip!Having stayed at the JW Marriott (basically across Canal Street), the Ritz is a whole other world.  Beautiful ebtrance downstairs, with the main lobby on the third floor, really makes you feel like you are in a private place.  Admittedly, the first time we stayed here I was a bit unsure, but we just stayed again and both my wife and I agreed that this was a little piece of heaven in NOLA.  Both nights we went down for a late drink in the bar and the place was packed, but with locals not a bunch of tourists from NJ! :)  Had an excellent meal ordering off the restaurant menu and the martini's were only $10.  Coming from NY, where a martini in a nice hotel is over $15, this was a breath of fresh air.
My family wants to try the W next time, but that will wait until they are paying for the $400 per night room.  When I pay, this is the place we will be staying.  Already looking forward to the next time.  Great staff too!Bumping up a star because I was just here again for a work meeting and had a great experience.
The room itself this time was not nearly as nice; I was on the 4th floor and the view out my window was the wall of another building (though I was spoiled the first time by having a 12th floor corner room overlooking the river).  The room was smaller as well, though it was a better 'functioning' room (no issues with stains or not working remotes.  I'm not a fan of the thermostat being right by the heating and cooling vents, though, as the sensor on the thermostat would 'read' that the room was cooled down too soon, because the cold air was blowing right on it.  So it was a bit hard to regulate the temperature.
The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful.  Special shout out to the banquet/catering guy, Tom, who was staffing our group's meeting and discovered it was my birthday, so he brought in a cake for me and had everyone sing.  It was a nice little touch, and definitely above and beyond.
One negative, though this is about the conference space and not necessarily the hotel: the conference rooms on the first floor are completely open to the public.  Our group's room was right across from the bathrooms, and at one point there were some Mardi Gras/Carinvale 'revelers' that had wandered in and were creating a bit of a ruckus.  That wasn't too bad, but considering our meeting room was across the hall and had a lot of expensive laptops and tablets, it made us a bit nervous.  (We had to eat meals in a room around he corner, so when we were eating our meeting room was unattended).Pros: excellent customer service, spacious club rooms with over large soaking tubs, top of the line amenities, four food presentations daily, complimentary beverages (including the coolest automatic espresso machine I've seen). 
Cons: currently undergoing renovation in the side lobby (the best exit for club level guests), have to pay for wi-fi.
My mother and I stayed at the Ritz Carlton New Orleans this past month, and while this is just one of many stays at this property, I felt it was time to review what the Ritz NOLA has to offer. First, it is in a great location in downtown NOLA. I was brought up here, so I know my way around quite well, but for the first time tourist the Ritz is centrally located to easily access the Red or Green streetcars, a  five/ten minute walk to the River Front shops, and the more famous streets off of Canal. Check in is easy and convenient - the valet take excellent care of your car and the bellmen are VERY attentive with your bags! I'm not sure why this is, but the last few times we've stayed on the property they have put us in the handicapped room on the club level - even though we always request not to have this room (it has a standard tub). However, the staff immediately fix the problem and change our room without any hassle at all. The room is nicely appointed, the bed is super comfy, and the views are OK. The real perk of the club level - the bathroom. The soaking tub is so large I can't touch the other side and so deep it might as well be a hot tub. The best I have seen in ANY hotel - and I have traveled to quite a few! There is also an extra large vanity and a separate shower for those strange few that don't understand the awesomeness of the extra large tub. 
Another huge love of the hotel is the club level. The food presentations are great and varied, there isn't a drink I can't get, and snacks are ALWAYS out. But there are other hotels in the city that do this - so what makes this one so appealing? The staff BY FAR. They remember your name, what you like and don't like, and if you are fairly regular like us, the last conversations you had. These are some of the friendliest and hardest working people I've seen in a hotel. We asked for reservations to GW Fins and even though they didn't have anything available for us the staff refused to give up until we had a table at the time we wanted. 
The take away - if you want to be taken care of in a comfortable and a little posh environment where you feel like you are home with people who care about you, then this is your place. The Ritz represents NOLA well - class, character, love, friendliness, good food, and a little quirky.I had a fabulous stay here and would LOVE to go back.  For me, it's all about the little details, from the fabulous scent of the lobby (not sure if it was the flowers or candles or what, but it was amazing) to staff members all knowing our names, but everything was spot-on.  My fiance' and I visited the spa for massages, which were fabulous.  The women's locker room was great- very spacious and fully stocked with soaps, shampoos, and any haircare products anyone might need, as well as hair dryers.  I loved the lounge area and could have spent quite a while in there reading magazines, but didn't have time to spare to do so.  Apparently the men's locker room was just as nice but totally different.  The staff in all areas of the hotel were incredibly friendly and helpful.  I look forward to another stay sometime in the future.A little pricey but you may be able to get a better deal if you call the hotel directly. I paid $149 per night and it was a great deal. The bed was SO great, the furnishings were VERY nice, and the staff was very helpful. The location is top notch and much quieter than staying deeper in the French Quarter. I think I was in the elevator with Mick Jagger - or some other old guy with long hair - I'm not real sure. I would stay here again in a minute.This is a beautiful hotel with an excellent staff.  We had a great stay and all of our needs were met.  However, this hotel did have a few issues.
The two elevator system, one to the lobby on the third floor and the other to get to the rooms above the third floor was a bit of a hassle.  I realize that this probably adds to the security of the hotel but it is a bet tedious.
The noise level from the adjoining room to us was loud and the people next door were not making that much noise.  Even just conversation came through the door loud enough that I was awakened.
I think that $48 per day for storing my car in their garage, untouched, is crazy.  I also think that, if you pay room service $22 plus tip for 4 cups of coffee and two orange juices, you should actually get 4 cups of coffee instead of 2.
Loved the chocolate!Currently staying at the ritz. We blocked off several rooms for my sisters wedding. I arrived at 10am, my room was ready at 6pm. They charged our guests full price for rooms which we had already paid for. They also did not clean the bridal suite, however housekeeping insisted on cleaning my room twice a day (7:30 am!!!!!!!) and again when I was trying to get dressed. I had to change in the bathroom. Definitely not worth the hype.  The Iberville next door had a nice continental breakfast, and the rooms were equally as nice. I would recommend staying there over the Ritz. The ice machines were also not working on our floor. We also chose to take bridal portraits at the hotel, and they would not assist us with this at all. We were on the patio and drunk men who were smoking kept getting in the way of the photographer.Stayed here for business conference had a great time the Davenport lounge the ritz is still close to bourbon street if that's your cup of tea can't beat the hospitality of the Ritz CarltonStayed for a conference with my wife. The room was great and clean every day. Hotel staff was very nice. Price for Internet access was stupid high. In addition, I had to print out 4 sheets in the business center and it cost me $22 including "access time". REALLY?
Location was great. Close to Bourbon Street and the trollies. I would stay again just not computer![Update 2008]  The Library is a private cigar club now but you can purchase a day pass.
This hotel is probably my favorite in New Orleans.  It is elegant but not too gawdy.  The rooms a very nice and they have a huge day spa too.
The library lounge was my favorite place to hang out and relax and it opens up to the beautiful courtyard. [see photos]I stay at Marriott frequently, Platinum status. I was excited about staying at a Ritz.
It was a big  a disappointment. 
Is the Ritz worth it?  No.  A Marriott is as good or better . 
Any Platinum benefit? None. Go to the Marriott.
Bathroom sink and shower separate so two people can get ready at the same time ? Nope
Counter space in bathroom?  None 
Nice bed?  Comparable to a courtyard. 
Plug for your cell phone ? Nope
Fancy lobby? YepNice hotel, but the rooms are a bit dated. It's the same as it was over a decade ago. The cleaners seem to enjoy ignoring do not disturb signs too which is not great. This isn't typical Ritz.I've never stayed at the Ritz before. It's pretty swanky though. What's been unique about our experience was that we upgraded ourselves to the club house and I'm glad we did. We have a larger room, free drinks, a super nice breakfast scene, fresh snacks are always out and they always have people around ready to make reservations for us or do whatever is needed. (Including dry cleaning) 
A special shoutout to Tim and Blaine for making us feel comfortable and welcome amongst all the big timers. 
Cheers to you guys. We will be back. Keep the Sazaracs coming.I didn't stay here but I did have brunch here during Mardi Gras 2018. They have a great buffet and brunch menu for guests staying or visiting. The staff was super sweet and accommodating. And the food was good as well! Definitely order the beignets!
Also, I had mentioned to the waitress that it was my bday weekend...and she brought me a gift. So sweet! Just a great experience all around!Huge and labryinthine, the swanky Ritz is somewhat difficult to navigate.  See the earlier reviews for more details.
-2 stars for:
the crappy Internet service.  If I'm paying $13, I should at least get decent DSL speeds.  300Kbps is soooo 1998.  If I can get 10Mbps for FREEEEE at a Holiday Inn on the Westbank, I should at least get something comparable when paying at a 5 star luxury hotel.
the ridiculously expensive valet parking.  $40?  Honky, please.
Granted, the valets were super friendly and helpful and more importantly, super fast.  None of the 30 minute wait bullshit that I've been getting at the Crowne Plaza.
+1 Star:
 for the insanely comfortable bed.  Seriously, the best. bed. ever.  It's like sleeping in a 400 thread count marshmallow.
the awesome soap.  Bvlgari soap.  I smell like a big bucket 'o awesome.Super nice staff and very beautiful property. It's a little more run down then other RC properties I've seen. Overall a very very nice stay.