Excellent drink options and flavor-packed food paired with a mood-lit rustic ambiance make The Original Pierre Maspero's a great spot for dinner. I had the crab cakes and they were perfection--from the amount of crabmeat and size of each cake to the remoulade drizzled on top, they are savory and totally worth stopping in for. I ordered a French Onion Soup app and it was the best I've ever had. 5/5 stars, look forward to returning.We went here for dinner and it was a decent restaurant. The service was good! I had the chicken parmesan which was yummy and the breadpuddiung was good too. We also tried the Jambalaya and the city sampler because it's one of the popular dishes at Maspero's and they were good! I just didn't like the mirrors on the wall.We stopped by on our way to tour Burbon street and decided to give it a try for breakfast.  I had the Grand Galette. The potato portion is like a thicker version of hash browns (similar to rosti in Switzerland) - really tasty.  My wife had the Andouille & Eggs and said it was decent but quite heavy.  It's served with a days worth of calories (very creamy and cheesy).  My buddy had the Lost Bread which was great (almost tasted like a deep fried beignet...oh that's an idea).  Anyway, give it a try.  You'll leave satisfied.Breakfast , four in our group, no wait on a Sunday morning around 11:30. Food was goodHighly recommend this place if you are in the area.  Our server was attentive, but not overbearing.  The atmosphere was lively but not too loud, and all of the staff was great.  I got the southern fried fish poboy, and it perfectly hit the spot.  My wife got the shrimp poboy and was less impressed, but it wasn't horrible.  For the price and the location, I was very impressed.  They even brought us refills of our drink in to-go cups!This is our new favorite restaurant in New Orleans!!! Shelly was our server and not only was she awesome at what she does, she has the greatest personality! More importantly, she gave us the perfect recommendations for our taste. Everything...and 8
Mean every this... Was awesome. Alligator (our first time tasting), red fish, grits as a did, saturated spinach, beer, martini and the poor boy. The bread pudding was so good that the mister loved it! He never eats breakfast pudding! Will be back when we visit New Orleans!!!We ate here on out third and last night in New Orleans.  Although we had good food at other restaurants (including the Commander's Palace), this restaurant was by far the best.  There was five of us and we all loved what we ordered.  The only downside was that our waiter was slow and forgot a few things.  He was young, so perhaps just inexperienced?Had the creole sampler. Jambalaya was nasty. Étouffée was good. Service was subpar. We asked the hostess to sell us on this place and she did. We had some of our friends' fried shrimp and fries. Was super good. Didn't have drinks. Good atmosphere and cute location.We sat at the bar. Staff was incredibly friendly and conversational. The barkeep told us the history of this restaurant as the building has been there since 1788. 
PROS:
-Friendly staff
-Great bar staff and heritage (225 years)
-Great crab cakes AMAZING!!
-Everyone is conversational
-They encourage the support of the local brews
-Potent beverages
-Old beautiful interior
-wait staff in buttons downs, bow ties, and vests
-Small place but tables are arranged well so you don't bump into one another
CONS:
-Can be a little drafty siting at the bar 
-Even though wait staff dressed the part the place was lacking that classy appeal. Probably because here weren't table cloths in the tables and condiment and the hostess had a polo on with a long sleeve shirt underneath. 
-Small bar, you get hit by staff walking by when it gets a little more crowdedGreat food, even better service!!  This should be your first stop for breakfast!  Found this Gem after there was a 30 minute wait at Cafe. Dont bother with any where else. Great bloody Mary'sLoved the food, and loved the history of the restaurant! If I ever come back to NOLA, definitely will come here again. 
Red beans and rice was delicious.This was a fabulous place for seafood platter. I got the fried fish and it was the best I have ever had. Adult beverages were tasty too!Service was not only amazing,  but well treated. Great service, felt like part of the family. Our waitress was the best!! I don't remember the name exsctly,  but Caroline.. maybe... anyways she had blue tints in her hair... thank you. You made our stay in New Orleans what it should be!This place is in high demand and when you walk in you'll know why. Great staff very welcoming and energetic, if they can't make you smile no one can. The great staff flows right into great tasting food. They have that touch that makes a Big Easy thing taste so much better. I had the gator and it did not taste like chicken or fish, it's foodie magic.Excellent crab cakes for an appetizer, and the Blackened Redfish with optional seafood cream sauce ($9 up charge) is so worth it!!  My daughter had the Blackened Chicken Fettuccine and said it was delicious!  The service was terrific, and the historical significance of the location is an added bonus.  We highly recommend it!They get 4 stars for kindness and service.  Food was nice, not extraordinary, but well-spiced and fresh.  My overworked server was swamped, so the manager swooped in and took my order.  Food came quickly but i never felt rushed.  Both she and my server (Chad) came by frequently to see how I was doing.
And, he called me Sweetie.  I'm a sucker for Sweetie.  It is, well, sweet.Food was great ... had the red beans and rice with sausage.  Service was great and quick.  Definitely going back ...Good customer service and great food. We ordered chicken and waffles and really enjoyed it.The crab cakes were pretty good. I ordered the Crescent sampler..the jambalaya was decent, I ate all the etoufee even tho the smell was horrible, and I only are a few spoonfuls of the gumbo.So very good! Chicken and waffles was delicious. Keisha was so accommodating and took really good care of us. I will definitely come back and will be sure to ask for her.The fried shrimp was phenomenal! We also got the sampler and it was just ok. I had much better etouffee during my visit at other places.Found this place on yelp. The reviews were good so decided to try it. The food was delicious ! The shrimp pistolete was to die for ! And my main dish the sea food pot pie was delicious as well. Must try.This was my second time to eat here and it did not disappoint. The po boys are some of the best that new Orleans has to offer. I got the shrimp poboy and it was overflowing with the little fried morsels. Waitstaff even accommodated my friend when what he ordered ended up not being to his liking. This will always be one of my go to restaurants when I go to NOLA.Drinks were great. Try the 440 mojito. Our party got shrimp and grits and chicken and waffles. Both were fantastic. The sauce on the shrimp and grits was AMAZING! Buttery with a zip. Our server, Sam, was attentive and very knowledgeable. Will come back!I partially want to give such a great review because they were one of the few places who made a vegetarian po-boy for me and    It was delicious. Totally a fan. 
I will definitely come back for that. The service was a little sloppy mainly because it was Mardi Gras and they were hella crowded. But alls well that ends well. My tummy was happy so was I. Would recommend to try it. I believe this is better than the one on Decatur. Try both and take your pick I'd say.Food was delicious and the staff was extremely friendly. We ordered the gator appetizer, french onion soup, and blackened chicken jambalaya. All great dishes.The drinks were almost the best part of this visit.  Our waitress Shelly was super courteous and took her time to recommend drinks and dishes despite how busy it was on a Saturday night.  I absolutely loved the fried alligator appetizer and crawfish étouffée which was the first time I sampled either. For my entree I ordered the shrimp and grits and found it a little too rich for my liking.  After getting halfway through it was just too much.  I sampled my boyfriends red drum fish dish and that was pretty good.  Overall a few gems on the menu but definitely the bar was the highlight of this restaurant.Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Food is beyond amazing. The wait staff is about as pleasant as you can get. The old building adds to the wonderful experience. This building was established is 1788. The gas lanterns, exposed brick, and wood beams gives a true NOLA experience . Terri our waitress was so nice and helpful.Fast, friendly service and good food right around the corner from our hotel. What more could one want in life? I really enjoyed the rich stock for the chicken and andouille gumbo. I have to say, though, that their mint julep was odd--it tasted as if there was sprite in it, and there were random strawberry fragments (probably from someone else's drink).  My advice: stick to standard cocktails or beer/wine and get there early for dinner (the wait gets long around 6:30). And try the gumbo!Greeting- yes
Vibe- pirates of past
Price- good
Service- good
Parking- good luck
Food
Seafood eggs Benedict $15 was good
Grits $2 good
Chocolate cake $6.50 is ok
WIGB? NoAmazon food! Loved the pasta with blackened chicken. One of the best pastas I have ever had, and I eat a lot of pasta! Super creamy and flavorful. Great service, husband loves the jambalaya, had high quality andouille sausage, not rubbery at all. The place is sooo cute, even the iced tea was good! And they were just all so friendly.First stop in NOLA.
Great service and super cute place!
I got shrimp and grits. I actually dont like grits but i wanted to see if it was diff in NOLA
It was made excellent, the shrimp, ham, SAUCE really good. Still dont like grits lol but would recommend for those that do.
My bf got chicken and waffles,  which i hated but he loved
Def try!This place has such a nice feel and a great location. The inside of the restaurant looks like it was taken out of an Irish pub from a Disney movie (or at least that's how I remembered it). One thing that I definitely remember is that the restrooms are behind that staircase by the brick wall. My party and I only dined for 20 minutes because we were in a rush, but we pretty much finished everything that we ordered. The food came out quickly. I got the crawfish étouffée and it was delicious! If you check in on Yelp you got a free appetizer, so make sure to do that! I would definitely come here again.Soooo I thought this place was just okay.  
It's located in the French Quarter so there's a lot of action around the restaurant and plenty of people watching to do.  
However, I think it's overpriced and overhyped for the quality of food and service you receive.  I don't think I've seen the wait staff more unhappy at a restaurant than Pierres.  They were all contentious with one another, eye rolls galore, dirty looks, back talking to one another and shaking their heads harder than a bobble head.  
Our waitress took our order, brought our food and brought our check.  She didn't once check on us, ask if we wanted anything else, ask if we wanted another drink, a refill on water or dessert.  We would've taken all of the above scoring her a larger tip and more money towards the restaurant but she could've cared less about her tables.  
The hubby ordered the crab cakes which contained more breading than protein and was served on a bed of sautéed vegetables.  I ordered the etouffee which was very tasty BUT the portion was so small that I was done in about 8-10 small bites.  
$60 later, we left unsatisfied, thirsty and still hungry.  I would never recommend this place to anyone.Delicious food! I went there to try the Jambalaya (I choose the chicken one) and gumbo soup. Everything was delicious! The bread pudding and my cocktail were good too. Food was delivered to the bar super fast. The bartenders were very attentive and SO FUNNY: dressed up for Mardi Gras and dancing at the bar. I had such a great time! That's what I look for when I travel by myself and go for dinner alone. Thank you guys. You're awesome!Just great food and service. Today was the second time going. During my first visit to New Orleans we stumbled upon this restaurant when exploring the French Quarter and I had Chicken and Waffles. I had their fish platter today and it was large enough to easily feed two people.  My husband had the chicken gumbo and that too was great.It was good. We got the sampler and wasn't impressed with the gumbo but a great restaurant for kids!We landed in New Orleans at noon on Christmas Day. Our last meal had been at 7 in the morning. Needless to say, we were hungry enough to eat an alligator. Pickin's were slim on Christmas Day, but OPM was thankfully open for us and hoppin! I guess everyone else was also looking for a place to eat. We got seated quickly and someone came over for our drink order also quickly. Unfortunately, the drink he recommended tasted like spicy pickle juice and not quite the spicy margarita I was promised. Pickle lovers everywhere, the Hot in the City is for you. 
For our entrees, we got a sampler with Crawfish Etouffee, Jambalaya and Chicken Gumbo and a platter of fried shrimp and catfish. The Jambalaya was definitely one of the better jambalaya we had in New Orleans, but that could be because I am partial to Cajun jambalaya more so than the creole version with tomatoes. The etouffee was good and the gumbo was decent, but definitely a bit more of a gamey taste.
The fried shrimp and catfish platter is hard to judge. It came out piping hot with very large shrimp and catfish pieces. The batter was great and the pieces were cooked juuust right. However, the seasoning was only so so. The menu had mentioned a "special seasoning". Unless they use imported salt and pepper, there was nothing special about their seasoning. They also did not have any seasoning shakers like Old Bay to put on the fried platter. At 22 bucks a pop, I expected more.
Our server was very nice and attentive. He came over as we were getting our checks and gave us some great recommendations.
Side note: During our walking tour, we found out that this place was started out as a slave exchange. Kind of glad I found that out after the fact.We really enjoyed our meals!  Our waitress ,Shelly suggested the Shrimp Pistolettes for an appetizer--it was yummy!  I had the French onion soup which was very good and the muffuletta which Shelly suggested.  I love olives so the sandwich was a hit with me!   My husband had the shrimp and grits.  Another great dish!  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.One of the best meals I have ever eaten!  
On our recent visit to New Orleans my fiancé (his first and my third) and I were told about a couple restaurants to eat at including this one.  I'm so glad we listened.  
Our server, Katie (sp?) was amazing and provided some of the best service we have ever had at a restaurant.  The building is cool, I love the decor and open feel.  Even though they were super busy we didn't feel like we were sitting on top of anyone.  The history of the building adds to the experience.  And the food came out super fast, couldn't have been more than 10 minutes after we ordered it. 
But the quality of the food was what set them apart.  Fresh, hot and it even looked beautiful (presentation counts for something).  I ordered the crab cakes which came on top of a bed of baby spinach and my fiancé ordered the shrimp and grits.  
I can't brag on this place enough.  We have told everyone in Nashville we know that is planning to visit.  I already love New Orlean since the first time I visited 10 years ago and this meal was the first of a couple experiences on our visit that made my fiancé love this amazing city.With all of the stellar food options in NOLA, I don't really understand the great reviews for this place. My friend and I came here for breakfast one morning during our stay in the city because the other place we wanted to go was too crowded and we had limited time before a walking tour.
The first bad sign was when I ordered an orange juice and was presented with a glass of ice and a bottle of Minute Maid. I kid you not. Minute Maid?! Come on, people. My friend ordered the baked eggs with andouille sausage, which she said was barely edible and contained virtually no sausage. I had the Louisiana lost bread, which was essentially fried bread with some sort of filling. The whipped cream and strawberries on top tasted like meat even though there was no meat in the dish. I've never had lost bread before so I have no basis for comparison, but I wasn't overly impressed with this.
In short, there are far better restaurants in NOLA.Great place! Food was divine!! Our waitress Robin was not only friendly and energetic but she was super knowledgable and helpful picking out a fantastic meal!I must admit that although I was starving, the primary reason we ducked into this place was to escape the crush of the Mardi Gras crowds.  We loved the glass door/walls that were open onto the bustling sidewalks that allowed us to watch everything close-up, in a protected and relatively spacious area.  And the food was good too.  We ordered the French onion soup which was rich and cheesy.  Cheesy in a good way.  I ordered the shrimp po' boy that was just bursting with succulent shrimp.  I had more shrimp spilling out of the sandwich when I took a bite than I did lettuce!  Oh, so good!  I don't remember what anybody else ordered, but I know that I would recommend this place to anybody.  I thought the food  was really tasty and although it was just packed full of Mardi Gras revelers, the service was great too!.This place has the best fried green tomatoes.     Ate here Christmas night and tried a taste of my son's girlfriend's fried green tomatoes.    I wished then I had ordered them, but enjoyed my crab cakes nonetheless.     I went home and all I could think about was the fried green tomatoes.    I decided then that I should visit my son in New Orleans again and ASAP.   We decided to take a little vacation at the end of February.    We were only there 3 days, but had the fried green tomatoes twice.     Once you taste these, you will crave them and dream about them.OMG. Shrimp and grits at 
Pierre Maspero's. I kinda want to order it again and have a second plate. Great atmosphere and super friendly staff!Seafood pistolettes ahhhmazzzing!!!
Crab cakes were mediocre. 
Fast, friendly service. Sasha was a delight!Second visit & just as good as the first visit! Great food & service! (Ask for Keisha) I had the blackened chicken alfredo pasta & it was great! Chicken had so much flavor and came with a piece of garlic bread.  The hurricanes are good and strong! The hot brown sandwich is delicious as well!Being from lafayette, your gumbo, Crawfish etouffee and jambalaya does not match up, I really did not enjoy it. On the other hand, the seafood biscuit was excellent.Crab cakes where greasy .   Not a lot of seafood on po boy.  Roast beef po boy was disgusting.   Steak was fatty and tough.  We went for lunch and it smelled like fish in the restaurant.   We should of gotten up and left.  But we didn't and hoped for good food.  Oh well.   Won't return here.  I can't see how people gave this place four stars.Loved the crab cakes , the red fish was amazing . Such a warm staff and pleasant treatment with recommendations and help to decide on the menu . Loved it definitely recommend this place if u don't wanna be one among a thousand in a mechanical restaurant and be treated like a friend with obviously good food . Shelley was in particular amazing , friendly and warmOne of my favorites in NOLA, and I'm a local! Speaking of locals, let them know you're a local and you'll get a discount. Make sure to try the bbq shrimp or the shrimp & grits. TO. DIE. FOR. Don't forget the bloody mary! BEST IN NOLA, hands down!I stopped by this restaurant because it was close to my hotel and looked cute. I would not recommend it and I would not go back. While the restaurant had pleasant ambiance and friendly servers the food was not good. I ordered the shrimp po' boy and have had better outside of Louisiana. The french fries seemed like they had been frozen and came from some generic french fry plant, the bread wasn't fresh and there was nothing special about my fried shrimp or the sauce that came on the sandwich. The cocktail sauce that I asked for on the side was tasty. I was disappointed with my meal - pass this place by and try somewhere else for what will hopefully be a better cajun-creole dining experience.Best shrimp and grits ever.  Service was great.  Good value of food for the money.  Hubby had pork po'boy.  Laid back atmosphere and very welcoming.  Will def be back.Great start to the morning for a quick breakfast. Friendly efficient service 
Eggs done exactly how we ordered ... over easy. 
The Louisiana Lost Bread sounded interesting and it was. Tasted good because it was fried.  Did not expect that but it was light and airy disguising all those calories. 
Basic breakfast fineBest breakfast in a long time! 
My sister and I ordered the Louisiana lost bread and the maspero's omelette. Perfect pair for sweet and savory.  Also, their bloody Mary's are AMAZING!The crab cakes are AMAZING! Our waitress recommended them and they did not disappoint. We also shared the spinach and artichoke dip that was also very much enjoyed. Our meals were great and all of your seafood classics are on the menu. The cocktails were refreshing and they offer local ales/beers. The icing on the cake however was the bread pudding, by far the best I've had EVER ...and I'm kind of the bread pudding connoisseur. I'd definitely dine in again or recommend it.Great service. Horrible food! I actually returned the gumbo, crawfish etoufee also gross. The fried green tomatoes and the crab cakes were decent.A menu full of Nola foods. Service was attentive and quick as possible. Food served hot. I'm not sure if the rice in two on my crescent city sampler were supposed to be under cooked but I'm not a fan of crunchy rice like my dad. The fried gator that my cousin had was amazing. That should be in a po-boy.Cool atmosphere, very cool staff and very mediocre food. There is much better food to be had in this city, go find it. But if you value ambiance over cuisine, check out this tourist restaurant.Our last meal in NOLA and it wasn't such a good experience. First, the place was freezing. It was 80 degrees out, the resturant windows were open and the air was cranking as if it was 100. It was so cold that I couldn't wait to get out of there. Next, the waitress was so spacey and asked me my order about 5 times. After the food was delivered, it was all wrong. When I asked for hollandaise sauce she explained to me that the food runner was new and doesn't know what he's doing. "Great team work! I don't care, just get me the hollandaise." Then, when our check came, she was MIA again, so we tracked down a bus boy who quickly good things taken care of. Can I recommend the waitress and busboy switch positions?Ordered Shrimp and Grits and the Hot brown which is a sandwich. Everything was great! The bathroom was clean. Our order was correct. The food was delicious. The only reason for the 4 stars is the amount of bar nats / fruit flies that were invading our food and space. A few is to be expected, however, I've been in this industry and know the methods to maintain a low level and there were simply too many that interrupted our meal.Friends of ours recommended this place for breakfast.  However, we didnt quite make it in time.  By the time we'd arrived they were only serving lunch/dinner.  My husband ordered the fried alligator and I, a cup of gumbo as our appetizers.  Both were extremely disaapointing.  My gumbo was cold and runny.  More like a broth, to be honest.  It had perhaps one piece of chicken in it and very little rice. His alligator wasnt anything to write home about either.  We then ordered the Jambalaya and Crawfish Etouffee as our main entrees.  I have to admit the jambalaya was DELICIOUS!!!  The portion size was great and it was steaming hot.  Would totally order that again.  Unfortunately the hubby got a cold and very small serving of etouffee.  Would not recommend this plate.   He preferred to eat mine and leave his. Our waiter was also awful.  First of all, it took him forever to even come to our table to get our drink orders.  We waited on water for over 15 minutes.  When he finally was ready to take our order, just stood there, looking like he hated his job.  He didnt care to go over anything on the menu or make any recommendations. When I asked him if the jambalaya was good there and if he recommended it, he looked at me like I was boring him and reluctanctly replied, "yeah".  That was all we got.  While we were eating, he never once checked on our table to make sure we needed anything else. That was the worst service our group got during our entire stay in NOLA.  All in all, the food was just okay.  It was definitely not worth the very large tab we received at the end of our meal.loved this place.
the crescent city sampler was outstanding - i dream about the red beans and rice.  the bloody mary was extra spicy but not so much so that i couldn't enjoy it.
service was fantastic.
will definitely return next time i'm in town!Katie was fantastic! She made all the right suggestions and was spot on! We had the crawfish platter and the fish and shrimp platter with a seafood pistolletes which Katie suggested. The appetizer was just what we needed after a day of drinking. The platters were great for fried food dinner on a budget. But really Katie made it an overall great dining experience!In the Quarter with a surprisingly high number of expensive restaurants, Pierre Maspero's was comparably more affordable. We were in search of Louisianan food, and we were really glad to have picked the Crescent City Sampler with the jambalaya, gumbo, and the red beans. Deceptively small portions, but actually quite filling. Really great flavors and texture - a definite recommendation. We had the fried alligator, but it was actually quite tough and a bit too salty with the batter, which i think tries to cover for the lack of flavor and poor preparation. It was definitely not worth the $9, and it's more gimmicky than anything. We laughed at the fact that we ordered a bottle of wine, and we wanted to take the bottle out with us. The waitress offered to get us to-go cups, so we could drink it as we walked on the streets. As Californians, this was quite unexpected. But nonetheless, good service, though the ambiance is a bit loud and crowded for my tastes. Also, it was surprisingly cold where we were sitting - it was a cooler night with the fans running on high.Service is good, really nice atmosphere. Food is weak. I'm not a particularly knowledgeable foodie, but there seems to be depth lacking in both the etouffee and shrimp and grits (and a strange flavor). Definitely not worth the price, although the presentation is good. Fries are very good - kids meals overpriced, but not bad.I found this place by accident walking through the quarter. We decided to give this place a try. The food was very good and the service was excellent. Amazing appetizers. I will be coming back to eat here for my next visit to Nola.Dining here was a very fitting way to end my New Orleans vacation as the food was definitely appropriate for the city and of the highest quality. I am a huge fan of anything that has anything to do with prawns so both the appetizer that I ordered and the main dish had plenty of them. Everything about this place was top notch. The decor was classy without being pretentious, the staff was friendly and helpful without being pushy or overbearing, and the food was about as deliciously delectable as you would ever want it to be.Best service (finally) I have had in NOLA. The shrimp and grits are the best I have had anywhere. Red beans and rice are nice and smoky. They accommodated my sons corn allergy by grilling the seafood he wanted. Superb roumelade sauce. The mojito was fresh and not sweet. Highly recommended. The food I have eaten thus far in NOLA has been a let down. This was a nice change.Honey, do yourself a favor: get a table open to the sidewalk, sit back and enjoy! Lovely service, great food, wonderful cocktails and even the blues background music made for a perfect little lunch vacation. The view across to the Napoleon House is quaint too. My favorite was the fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade!Came here from Philadelphia -- was unbelievably good, I'm sure we'll return within the week. We had the fried green tomatoes, blackened jambalaya, and the chicken and waffles. While the fried tomato appetizer with grilled shrimp and an amazing remoulade sauce, all the dishes were great.   Keisha was genuinely one of the nicest waitresses we've had, but maybe that's just how it is down South. Love the place! Very nice atmosphere as well.Waited only about 10 mins for a table on a Wednesday night. I had the Hot Brown, which was good. A bit small for the price, as that seemed to be the theme of everyone in the group's entrees. Also sampled the gumbo and jambalaya. Both tasted great. A cool location and atmosphere.Must try the sea food pot pie. It is delicious. The fried green tomatoes and shrimp remoulade was amazing too. We liked everything we ate here. Service was friendly and prompt.We arrived here on our first evening in NOLA. It was a great find! We came on a Sunday evening around dinner time. It was busy, but not packed. Our sever was very friendly and good with the recommendations. I went with the Creole Sampler or Trio...I can't remember the exact name. A great meal for this first time visitor to the area. My wife had a salad and it had some nice spice to it. We really enjoyed the meal here. The food was very good, prices were reasonable and the service was great.Walked right in. Great drinks, delicious food. Off a star for presentation of the grillades and grits. Tasty, but kind of ugly.Seafood pot pie and Shrimp & grits were both so good! Very intriguing interior, fun wait staff, and relaxed atmosphere. Very glad we stumbled upon this spot for dinner.Their goddess salad is divinnnne. I can't figure out how they make their dressing, but it is on my to-do list because I don't currently live in NOLA and i need it in my life. 
They have a boozy butter pecan milkshake that was made perfectly. The fried green tomatoes with shrimp was filling yet still quite light. 
The venue has an open air feel to it as their doors and windows remained open during our stay.This place is a-maze-ing!  I was just looking for a place to have a drink, but ended up ordering the (boneless-yay) chicken 'n waffles and Mirliton Slaw.  I never finish my plate, but this place had me licked clean and wanting more.  Lightly fried Chicken,  Tabasco-Honey Syrup, and a soft and warm waffle. Yum. Add to that the mildly spicy, sort of vinegar and crunch, of the Mirliton Slaw, and you're in food heaven.  The door is basic New Orleans, but that's part of its charm.  Add to it the skill of bartender Nadia, and you have a hidden gem.Great service and wonderful food.  The chicken parmesan was so good I cam back for more later in my trip.  Calamari was good too.
The restaurant is a little cramped so I deducted a star.  From our table near the corner of the bar there was a lot of traffic making conversation a little difficult.I really teetered back and forth on what to give Pierre Maspero's. Don't get me wrong, our meal here during this past New Orleans trip was nothing to sneeze at (don't do that), but something made me question my star rating...
I don't think I would ponder the space as it had a rustically-classic charm to it. The building actually has historical importance both with (unfortunately) slave trading and Andrew Jackson meeting with the Lafitte brothers to discuss the Battle of New Orleans. Those points were positives.
I wouldn't raise a query to the service either. On the contrary our waiter was a pleasantly funny guy who had our food coming out at reasonable intervals. He even noticed my phone open to my Yelp check-in for a free appetizer (fried green tomatoes for us).
Perhaps, it was the food. No part of me would say the meal was a negative, but I suppose nothing blew me (or any of my family members) away. Those aforementioned fried green tomatoes started off things with tastiness (even if they were a tad odd with shrimp laying on top of them). Fried alligator was also dined on which were mostly tender pieces, but a few outliers threw off some of the flavoring. My entree was jambalaya which was a nice-sized portion with plenty of shrimp, but I suppose not truly memorable (nor were my sister and mother's chicken and waffles or my dad's burger). Again, nothing to complain about, but nothing to write home about either (sorry, New York). 
Overall, Pierre Maspero's delivered on just about everything except for maybe the most important factor: food. Did they fail? Definitely not. I'd go as far as saying I might return in the future (perhaps). Though knowing the four star (and higher) meals I ate in New Orleans and comparing it to this one, I have to drop Pierre down to three. Consider my teeter to be over.