Come hungry. Leave happy. You WILL over eat with their large portion sizes and insatiable cuisine. It is delicious to say the least. The food, the wine and beer selections, and the ambiance. It's all top notch and you have no reason not to be there. Mas Sammich por favor !!It was Ok, for the pricing should be amazing. The fact that the cook (Bearded) is not where a beard net is a little disturbing. Had Fried Chicken Sammich - it was overrun by the coleslaw.....just sayin.Loved the food, probably would have been better if I hadn't almost been hit by a car on the way home causing me to wreck my bike and sending my takeout flying! Managed to come away mostly unscathed, though the same could not be said for my duck debris fries and Fried Chicken sammich. I took the jumbled goods home and enjoyed a muddled yet still delicious meal. I'll be eating in from now on.Grate food. Grate beer list. Grate atmosphere.  We ordered the duck fries with gravy.  Dozen raw oysters. Cuban fried shrimp po boy n oyster poboy. Everything was on point.  Beer was craft n fresh.  Owner made it a point to come by and chat with us for a nice enjoyable conversation.  Stop by and check it out.  You will be glad you did.  I highly. Recommend this spot.Love, love, love this place! Everything we ordered was perfection- brussel sprouts, smoked salmon dip, omelette crab sliders, corn salad.  I mean, not one dish was mediocre, we were truly impressed and all vowed to bring back our spouses.  All the sandwiches can be made into salads, which is very nice, and I was impressed by the all the local menu options.  No need to worry that this is "just another sandwich shop". 
Great interior and seating, great bar, and great, friendly service.  We will be back often!Word of mouth brought me here and boy was my mouth happy that it did!  Tried the fried lobster sammich and the duck fat fries because...well, lobster and duck fat fries!  Can't wait to try some of the other menu items on future visits and take advantage of the very reasonably priced bar.I really enjoyed every sammich but the BBQ Shrimp. I was very very spicy with an unknown spice and flavor that did not compliment at all.  The presentation was beautiful and the service was comforting. Let's b real all sandwich places have their faults and u try but it can't all b the best. I really would like to b able to enjoy the real bbq shrimp here and u hope that time comes n the future. So b careful with this one but do not limit yourself to all others. Great place and very welcoming by Owner.Oh my goodness! Please do yourself a favor and eat here! The shrimp sammich was to die for. Duck poutine fries are sinful. Duck wings amazing. The Korean sammich also amazing!! Ate outside and enjoyed the quiet neighborhood. Being from Louisiana, I can honestly say that these are the best poboy sammiches in NOla. No cliche fried greasy food, just amazing delicious wonderful food!!!In the haunted hours of my most everclear soaked nightmares, I wake with cries for justice ringing in my ears, my underpants heavily soiled; the people cry out for Smoky B.  I heard your pleas - "Smoky, this owner is awful!  such money for good food yet this man is a true turd!"  "Smoky help us!  His choice in eyewear is so hip we hate him and then he turns out to be a gremlin and our hate is justified!"  "Dear Smoky, right a scathing Yelp review and save us!".  Dear Yelp - I have heard your call and answered it.
After saving up possum pelts for weeks in the flush of good hunting, Mafalda and I finally had enough stored up to purchase a $15 lobster sandmich from Samwhich.  My god, a sandmich that expensive better knit my codpiece and babywipe my crusty taint, in addittion to being delicious.  Sadly, this lobster sandmich was only delicious.
The printer must have been broken, but these handy gentlemen had rigged up a wire from the register to the kitchen and whizzed the orders to and fro like tiny zipliners above a jungle canopy of dissapointed customers.  Mafalda, who is 6'10", was repeatedly buffeted by carabeners holding obnoxiously overpriced orders cooked to perfection.
I met this heinous man who talks with such disdain to his Yelpers.  I must admit he was quite charming at first, and Mafalda flirted shamelessly.  Yet, as I munched on the lightly crispy and delicately seasoned lobster, this owner-man-beast began to transform in to a winged leviathan of monstrous size - granted, I was faced on bathsalts so my descriptions of colors and fine motor skills are irrevocably twisted.  I asked him why the food prices were blown out of porportion to their portion and quality, how the heck do you sleep at night, etc, and he bleated a few things about cheap beer and trying to keep drink prices down.
I'm almost positive this building is cursed:  nothing ever lasts long here.  Uptown Cajun was a truly excellent bar/grill, and it closed after like 8 months.  I think before this place, Samwitch, it was a lovely family owned thai place with some knockout curry, and they didn't stay open long enough to get their liquor licensce.  This expensive wanna-be-Crabby Jacks run by a navel-gazing troll-man-thing will inevitably fade into the rich tapestry of average places in New Orleans that were good ideas, albeit poorly executed.This just may be the best place for a PoBoy in the Uptown/University/Carrollton area.  Excellent quality and variety.  They have some of the traditional stuff and some more creative fare.  Excellent (NOLA style) BBQ Shrimp and a Korean BBQ chicken with kimchee.  Sides/small plates are not to be skipped as well.
I'm VERY happy to see this new addition in my neighborhood.Went here on a Sunday evening, around 5 p.m.  The place was 1/2 full with customers enjoying a leisurely afternoon. 
Tables consisted of long picnic tables.  We shared one with a party of 4.  Seating also available outside.  
 We ordered from a large handwritten menu overhead of the counter where we placed our order.  Small laminated menues were also available on the tables.  Place your order at the counter.   When your food is ready, a staff member will bring it to you. 
We chose French Fries fried in duck fat sprinkled with parmesan cheese and served with a very small container of garlic mayo.  Was tasty.  Partner got  tempura lobster knuckles with mango cream sammich.  Was good, but not great.  I had pork belly confit sammich.  Was similar to a Vietnamese sandwich, bahn mi, but the ones I've eaten were more flavorful.   Bread was great, but amount of filling for  both  sammiches was minimal. 
The staff was friendly and attentive.  
Noise level loud!
Large assortment of beers ranged in price from $2 -4.
In conclusion, pricey 6-inch poboys with fancy twists, green tomato remoulade, jalapeno aioli, five pepper jelly, blackened avocado mayo, etc,added to ordinary poboys.  
It was nice, but too pricey for that dining experience.   
Partner and I prefer a good conventional over-stuffed poboy.Love this place creative menu  but still affordable large beer selection atmosphere was great ... I will def go back had escargot , chicken liver , lobster poboy , Cuban sand and koren chicken poboy so goodGreat meal.  Loved the deviled eggs with crab and the lobster sammich.  The Oysters were great too.  This is a must do!Eric food, great staff and a fun place for friends and groups !
Get your duck fat fries and if you are really clever the flash fried escargot is unlike anything you can imagine.Sandwiches... excuse me... Sammiches made by people who actually know how to cook? What a great idea! 
We stopped in to grab a sandwich, walked in and were blown away by the menu. Everything from chicken salad to braised rabbit to fried oysters to duck confit was present. I ended up getting the grilled chicken with kim chee slaw, and that was a very, very good decision. Add in duck fat fries and I had a great meal
I can't wait to come back to New Orleans so I can visit again!Been meaning to stop by and finally got a chance to try sammich. So good! Being a deviled egg fiend we tried the crab meat deviled eggs first- delicious! Huge portion of 6 loaded halves for $6.50. I got the pork belly confit sandwich- juicy flavorful pork with some lightly pickled carrots and sprouts rounded out a great sandwich on crispy frenchbread. The five star rating is for the craft beer selection- all beers are $4 or less! I had a Belgian style IPA and a sticky toffee pudding ale (had to try it!). Over 40 bottled beers! Can't wait to try more. Will definitely be back- the rabbit sandwich with grapefruit horseradish gastrique is next on the list! Sidenote: super friendly staff!This is an alright joint with a pretty good bar and quite a few large screen TVs for your viewing pleasure.  They have an interesting selection of po boys done with a unique spin from the traditional offerings.  The duck po boy isn't anywhere as good as Crabby Jack's version but its OK.  They are too much into bacon fat frying for my taste and folks that don't eat pig should note they mix pork into many of the other sandwiches.  I am a fan of duck fat frying and the duck fat fries will probably be needed as a tasty addition to any po boy as I find their sammich size to be too small for my appetite.  
I give them kudos for their creative spin on their food and using quality ingredients but a meal here can get pricey quick (especially for a sandwich).  The bar is a good deal and they have some good prices on the drinks.  Overall its a place to go when you're in the mood for something a little bit different and unique and can splurge around $20+ for a po boy and fries (or on one of their other interesting sides).Beets and beer go together. Who knew? 
I love the cool breezy feel of this place and the staff are really nice. There's a picnic table inside (my fave spot, it's near a window) and a zip line for orders to get from the bar to the kitchen. 
I find it a little funny if they don't quite make it. 
Ummm, the duck fat fries didn't really do it for me. They were a bit heavy on the salt. The mayo they're served with helped balance it out, but I'm strongly of the opinion that song sauce should be an option instead of a crutch. 
Lobster sammich, though? Yes! I had the half because I'm tiny and eat like a bird. That and the fries were quite enough for my lunch. 
Had the fried beets last time I went. They, too, are delicious. I'm country, so that part of me wanted more crunch, but the rest of me was all like "beets? Where i can see em? I'm down! Yeah!" and then i high fived myself and did a happy dance. 
Speaking of dance, they play all the music of my childhood. Third Eye Blind, Smash Mouth, that band with Mark Mcgrath... I was jamming. 
I love that sometimes they run out of things. It tells me that everything is fresh and delicious. A good eatery is supposed to run out of things occasionally, right? And missing a dish i wanted to try just gives me an excuse to try something new and come back to try again :)Nice atmosphere with big tables, tv's and a bar. Very friendly bartender/server during the day. 
The appetizer list is pretty amazing: debris fries, wings, oysters, deviled eggs. I'm only giving it three stars because I didn't love my sammich but I could have ordered wrong. The trout sammich was a little dry - more sauce please! My friend got the shrimp sandwich and also wished for more sauce - so ask them to double the sauce!sammich is absolutely a gem I'd rather not share for selfish reasons of keeping this menu and staff to myself BUT this crew is too phenomenal to not gain full credit for being one of the ABSOLUTE must pass by uptown restaurants! From the ever-changing seasonal menu to joe knowing what you drink before you do..you'd be a fool to not stop by!! WHO DAT!I have been in New Orleans for 45 minutes and was hungry. Landed at my cousin's house on Hampson and walked to the closest bar to grab a bite. They said were not serving and to go to The Sammich. We weren't ready for the hospitality but after perfect Sammiches, Mike the owner entertained multiple small plates and the finest sipping bourbon. We walked out so thankful that we landed here.This place is awesome. Happy staff, good atmosphere and unbelievable food. The En Brouchette and Fried Chicken sandwiches are off the charts. I have only one complaint, what's with the pricing? I don't mind paying $15 for a great sandwich; I think they're worth it. $7 for a beer is ridiculous though. It's not even a pint. It's like 12 oz. what gives?"The Sammich"  - WOW!!!!!
The 2015 New Orleans King of Seafood, Mike Brewer has created a winning combination of casual atmosphere and unbelievably delicious gourmet po-boys!
Excellent, warm and friendly service along with a vast wine and beer list in a great location.
I had the soft shell crab po-boy and escargot. My wife had the lobster po-boy and everything exceeded every expectation I had. AMAZING!!!!
This place is an absolute MUST for both locals and visitors of New Orleans!!
I honestly cannot say enough great things about my experience here.
Be sure to say hi to Joe, Zack and of course, the man himself, mr. Michael Brewer!!
Anyone that has given a less than 5 star rave review of this place should maybe just stick to where you belong......McDonald's!!!!Sandwiches were good. Highly recommend the Duck Confit and Korean BBQ Chicken sandwiches. Duck Fat Fries with the garlic mayo were also top notch.
Drink prices are very reasonable, definitely a nice place to have dinner. 
However, it did just recently move to this location. The wait time was definitely a little too long.Amazing !
Pet Friendly- the owner greeted us & remembered us upon our return.
Great customer service & the Brussel Sprouts are the best i've ever had - like better than Craft in Las Vegas ! 
We also enjoyed the duck fat fries & deviled eggs.
Good beer selection & nestled in a quiet neighborhood!Second time there. They were out of the lobster roll. I got the en brochette sandwich. Oysters and Brie was so good. Would have liked more Brie on my sandwich. The Brussels sprouts were still fantastic.I ordered the duck confit sandwich with the duck fat fries. My order was taken promptly however the food took over 50 minutes to arrive. The place was not that crowded yet the service was atrocious. Once the food finally arrived it was nothing special, the fries were good but the sandwich was not worth the money I paid for it and not very flavorfulI didn't love it. The beer was good and it ended there for me. We got the escargot, it was ok. Terrible presentation. The brussel sprouts were soggy. It seemed like they were boiled. Who boils brussel sprouts these days? The shrimp sandwich had no heat and it said it was tossed with crystal hot sauce but my boys, aged 4&6 were able to eat it without a fuss. The trout was ok as well. My boys loved the Cuban without the pork. Wish they had some homemade pickles to go with the Cuban. I'm glad we tried it but I don't think we'll be back.Very interesting menu but you have to order at the bar which I think is ridiculous especially if the bartender has a full bar and the prices are up there for poboys that aren't that big. MehI've been here twice since I moved to New Orleans, and I got the same thing both times because it was just that good: the bbq shrimp sammich. The bread was the perfect crunchiness, the shrimp were delicious, and the sauce is just perfection. A little messy, but well worth it. As far as small plates, I've tried the brussel sprouts, the fries and the crab meat deviled eggs.. all delicious. My boyfriend got the chicken salad which was also very good, but I think I'll stick to the bbq shrimp. 
The guy working behind the bar (can't remember his name)  was very friendly and accommodating. Overall, an excellent experience. Will definitely be back.Fantastic. 
I got the fried lobster sandwich and the duck fat fries. It was fantastic. 
The restaurant itself is nice and big- lots of large tables for big groups. You order at the bar and they bring the food to your table. The only thing I'd change is fountain drinks (they only had soda in cans). 
I'll be going back.Mediocre at best.  Sandwiches start at $12 and go up from there.  I had the fish poboy and the fish was old and mealy and the seasoning lacked any inspiration.  Totally flavorless and made with poor quality ingredients.  
So many better places to go then give this place a second chance.Wanting to get some grub on, we met some friends out at Sammich.  Sammich is a bright space once occupied by Singa Song Thai food.
Since Sammich is a...well...a sammich restaurant, my revue can be summed up pretty easily.
Atmosphere:  C-
It's a bright, open spot, with wooden tables.  I found it to be a tad on the boring side though.  My biggest complaint though was that the underside of the wooden tables wasn't sanded down, and therefore did quite a number on my $12 pair tights.  An unsanded underside could absolutely ruin a silk dress or skirt, or any other type of delicate fabric.  Beware ladies when crossing your legs at Sammich.
Service:  C
I found the service to be lacking.  The place was pretty much empty, and the owner was working as both bartender and server. Being that it was the owner, I would've liked more personalized service, but I just wasn't feeling it.
Food:  B-
We ordered the lobster sammich, which I didn't care for at all.  I couldn't tell it was lobster, and it really just tasted like fried Chinese food.  We also got the Korean BBQ chicken sammich.  It was tasty, but didn't taste like Korean BBQ.  The highlights were our appetizers.  The duck fat debris fries were to die for!  The fried beets with ranch dip were also really yum.
I'm going to split value into two...
Food Value: D
I find the sammiches to be way overpriced.  $11-$15 for 8" po-boys that don't come with fries or chips, is way too high. The debris fries were $8, which I found to be about right.
Drink Value:  A
The drink prices at Sammich are great.  There's a great selection of wines for $3-$5 per glass.  Their beer selection is VERY impressive, and also reasonably priced.
In summary, I wouldn't ever go back to Sammich for a sammich. I would, however, go there for drinks and appetizers, as this is where they shine.  When I want really good sandwiches, I'll go to Milk Bar where the sandwiches are delicious, and priced right at $8-10.I went to Sammich hoping for much more. Upon reviewing the menu, everything sounded delish.  The restaurant is open and airy and the staff is very nice.  We had the duck fat fries which tasted like regular fries and the flash fried escargot had a sweet taste to them.  Both the lobster and Korean bbq sandwiches had an exceedingly sweet taste to them.  It was also rather pricey.  The menu sounded delicious, the execution was lass than tasty.Eric food, great staff and a fun place for friends and groups ! Duck fat fries cannot be missed but the crab omelette sliders and a beer can change your life for the betterEnded up ordering takeout from here. I ordered a BBQ shrimp poboy, it was very flavorful, covered in blackened avocado mayo. Not your run of the mill poboy, but a tad priceyThe fried chicken with pull pork and coleslaw was excellent! The chicken was so tasty and crispy. My buddy had the pork belly and thought it was great, so great he took half of it home. My other friend had the BBQ shrimp which he thought was okay, the the shrimp was a little under cooked, I had a bite I agreed, but there was nothing bad about the food. The bartender was really nice and the atmosphere was great! The owner (I think) came by to ask how the food was and he was very friendly! I'll be back New Orleans and I'll definitely come here!!Sammich was a clean and casual restaurant, and I definitely plan on returning. We shared the duck fat fries, which were recommended by many people on Yelp and did not disappoint. Even better was the fried oyster sandwich, which was piled high with oysters--you get your money's worth here.The duck fat debris fries are a blessed gift to share. Every sammich is worth trying. I haven't had a bad sammich yet. Impressive beer selection and nice beer prices. Amazing staff!! Sandy the Hat and Joe Classic will make your worst days deliciously cheerful.Really enjoyed everything we ordered! Tried the shrimp sammich & brussel sprouts and they certainly did not disappoint. I will definitely go back!This place has gone way downhill since its inception. I used to absolutely love this spot, but the past 3 times I've been here, the bread has actually been pretty stale! I know the difference between crusty, crunchy poboy bread and something that is stale too; at this price point that is unacceptable. I have had 2 friends with similar complaints. 
 The last time I went, I got the duck. It was semi bland, and I'm very suspicious about their "foie" mayo. I do not think it has much, if any, foie gras in it at all judging by the color and taste. My sandwich also looked like a 5 year old put it together, extremely sloppy. I was pretty disappointed. Im not expecting plating like a 5 star restaurant but when you food comes out with lettuce scattered all over the plate, duck falling out the bread, and unevenly placed tomato, it creates a feeling that whoever made it didn't put much care into it.
The Brussel sprouts are possibly the best Brussels I've ever had, get them! The crab meat deviled eggs and duck fat fries are really good too! 
They have a pretty wonderful beer selection and they are all priced way cheaper than the same beers elsewhere. Lots of TVs and a chill padio outside too, a great spot to grab a drink and watch some sports. The owner and staff are extremely friendly too.
I hope they can address the issues they are having, because I know they are capable of making great food! I can't justify paying $15 for a mediocre sammich though. I can excuse one fluke, but three times in a row is a bit much. I will try again in a month or two and report back!Dear The Sammich,
I heart you so very much.  My goal has been to try every one of your sammiches and I've made a pretty good dent.  You do challenge me when you change your menu, but I like it when you do.  You sure do keep this relationship interesting.
While I love your sammiches so very much, I have also been delighted by your other features like your escargot, brussel sprouts and deviled eggs.  And I always enjoy a good deal, so your more than reasonable beer and wine prices also make me very happy.
Have I also mentioned my adoration of your zip line ordering system?  
So, for funsies I am going to order my top 5 sammich love in  - which is not easy to do, but here it goes...
1.  Korean BBQ - Seriously would never have ordered this as a first choice, but it is SO FREAKING DELIGHTFUL.  It's like you know me and my love of heat.
2.  Fresh Catch of the Day - I don't know what the fish was, but the flavors were spot on perfect.
3.  Rabbit - I love rabbit and it has to make the top 5 since its not easy to find.  And I had to work for it - went 3 visits without it being available.
4.  Cuban - Delish! And I used to think they were overrated!
5.  Chicken Salad - never thought this would be as good as it was.
In total I've had 9 sammiches and the ones I'm waiting to try are the Pork Belly and the Lobster.
A suggestion in closing - as much as I love you, The Sammich, I also love mushrooms.  Can a sammich with mushrooms make your menu?  Maybe a mushroom-ey, cheesy and maybe even bacon-ey pressed sammich?been here twice now
love the fried lobster sandwich, i happen to love fried food
french fries (duck fat) were good but not as good as delachaise
tried pretty much all the sandwiches with 6 other people
all were very good, decent sized portions
i will be back, hope they're around for a while
good priced place, laid back, good to bring friends from out of town
good for families
family style seatingI'm gonna go with a 2.5 on this one.  I've been here twice, and both times have just been alright.  You order at the bar and they bring the food to you.
The first time around, I got the Korean BBQ chicken.  Heed the warning on the menu... This sucker is spicy!!!  I liked it until the spice was too overwhelming and I couldn't taste anything anymore.
Second time around, I went with the hubby and we shared two sammiches and the duck fat fries.  The fries were good, but nothing special.  They come with a good dipping sauce though.  And I love fries, so I ate them all.  I got the shrimp BBQ and the hubby got the braised lamb.  The lamb was the better of the two.  Although it was a little dry, it had a huge amount of meat.  The white bean cassoulet spread was also a nice touch.  I thought the shrimp was overly seasoned with some peppery sauce.  But again, there was a ton of shrimp.  So they get extra points for the amount of goodies inside the bread.
Everything on the menu sounds so good with a lot of interesting combinations.  Maybe it was an off night.  We may give this place another try.  It's got a lot of televisions and a bar, so it may be more of a hang out, drink some beers and watch sports kinda place. 
To end on a positive note, the guy who helped us was really nice.After walking past this place countless times on different occasions, hubby and I finally decided to give it a go for lunch the other day. As soon as we walked in, we were made to feel comfortable by the bubbly staff taking our orders. Fortunately, no one in the group of friends we came with has an issue sharing meals so we were able to order quite a bit off the menu and taste each other's. 
*Duck fat fries w/ garlic mayo & parmesean- (Maybe it's just me but the past couple of times I've ordered duck fat fries from numerous restaurants I haven't been impressed and neither has my husband. It's something about fries being cooked in duck fat that draws you and says ORDER ME! So I continue to try them.) Anyways, not blown away but still good nonetheless. Garlic mayo complements them PERFECTLY and I love how they use parmesean shavings. 
*Flash fried escargot-Didn't try these, hubby ordered them and said they were just okay. 
*Crabmeat Omelette Sliders- Good filling but  kind of greasy. No one really cared for these.
*1/2 Lobster Sammich- Very tasty. Really enjoyed the batter it was fried in. Tossed the bread and just ate the lobster pieces. 
*Korean BBQ Chicken Sammich-Delicious!! Really enjoyed this one. Kimchi is really spicy as the menu says but it gives the sandwich or should I say Sammich so much kick! Packed with so much flavor.
*BBQ Shrimp Po Boy-This was the star of the show. Love love love how they cook their shrimp in Abita beer. 
Overall, I really enjoyed my lunch here. A little pricy but u get what you pay for, quality food. I specifically liked how Chef came to our table and seemed genuinely concerned about what we thought of the food and took the time to explain certain things. I would definitely come back and try other menu items.I did not have a good experience here. $60 for two people to grab 2 beers and a mediocre want to be Po Boys is insane. Did they change ownership? Because my first experience about 6 months ago was wildly different then my second this evening. The bar tender couldn't control the patrons at the bar and address how loud and obnoxious they were acting. Instead, she joined them.  
This was once an awesome place to catch a game, get a good bite to eat, and a few beers with a friend and now it is none of the above.This place is amazing.  The owner Michael Brewer is the best. He made dishes I would have never eaten (oysters) and I loved every bite. This. Place. Is. AMAZING.  
It may be in a "sammich" but it will be food that will blow your mind. Did I mention the place has a bar?!?  And it's right smack in the middle of the beautiful garden district.The duck fat fries were just regular french fries like you'd get from a fast food place. The lobster samich was not good. Way to much batter and over fried. The deviled eggs were OK. It was all over priced. Service was slow even though there were hardly any other people in there. The food all sounds good but in actuality it sucks.Okay I am AA and once again in my hometown New Orleans I am made to feel less than. Wht woman walk in and greater immediately and asked her name. Total tab $19 with tax. Experience suck and sammich not good enough to to come back. St. Charles area so behind in times! Next time I'm going to the new Willie Maes on St. Charles service might suck but they won't discriminate! My money green thank you!Beautiful renovation. The space is open and clean. I had the lobster, which was nicely fried, and the delicious duck fat fries. However, the French bread was so hard and crumbly, that I ended up wearing most of it. Not sure if it was over toasted, or just day-old Leidenheimer bread, but it definitely ruined an otherwise delicious lunch. Hopefully they'll fix this problem soon.I was just at the sammich and it was wonderful !!
I'm not from here and so I had no clue what to expect. But it was amazing and I loved the second I entered it. It looks kinda like a normal house from the  outside some lights and of course the name. And when you enter it's like a TV bar and this nice casual place. 
The food is really good and the people here are very nice.
I'd highly recommend the BBQ shrimp and the deviled eggs are must have if you like seafood.
I'd always come back here and I'd recommend to everyone who's in the area !!I ate here after hearing good reviews about it from some classmates and mooching some fries off a friend one day. I ordered duck fat fries and a duck confit sammich. 
First and foremost--the service here is great. Although my order was to go, the few minutes I did spend there was enjoyable. The service was prompt and the woman who took my order was really nice--even when she had to transfer my order to a to go box because I forgot to specify. The place was also very clean and the atmosphere was good. 
That being said: without a drink or a tip, it already cost $21.80. I felt bad about not leaving a tip, until I started eating my food. The food I ordered was NOT worth $21.80. If anything, it'd be worth under $15--simply because of the 'fancy' factor. The sandwich alone was $14.50. You know how much I can get for $14 at the po boy shop up the street? A bigger/tastier sandwich, french fries, AND a big can of iced tea. 
I'll admit, the fries were pretty good. The sandwich, however, was not. It could just be that I was expecting a warm sandwich, but it turned out to be rather cold. I was guessing that it should be warm because it has brie cheese and brie cheese is usually served melted = sandwich should not be cold. However, the brie cheese was melted AND the sandwich was cold--the duck in particular. 
I'm usually good about forcing myself to eat food even when I dislike it, but this just wasn't happening. The entire time I was eating it, my brain was thinking--ugh. please. stop. no more. I took three bites before stopping and I don't know if I'll attempt to eat it again tomorrow. 
I think I'll give this place one more go before making a decision. There's a bar inside and I think I'd totally go here for drinks and order off of the small plate menu :)This is not your average poboy place. This is 5 star quality food in a poboy bun. I will not go back to New Orleans without eating here. Great food and great service in a great atmosphere.
Thank me later.Yummm Yummmm Yummmm. I'll just say, I'm from New Orleans and I'm not the biggest fan of po-boys per se, i know *gasp*, but this is not your average po-boy place or sandwich joint. I've only been once, but I'm most certainly in love. The food was delicious and unique, the ambiance was fantastic & rustic, there was football to watch & checkers to play... it made for quite a magical night for myself & my boyfriend, who is from St. Louis & I was eager to impress with NOLA's wondrous food. This is now our "New Orleans place." Today I was hoping I'd find a kind of souvenir shirt that I could get him for his birthday in October, but I'm out of luck. No cool shirts for The great and powerful Sammich? We'll have to work on this, guys. much love, can't wait to go back.Highly recommend. Sandwiches are wonderful - different and delicious, and the beer selection is outstanding good and rare imports and several great micro-brewers.Service was super duper friendly and attentive, which always earns an overall A+ in my book. Food was awesome! We were trying to eat light... So the obvious choice was duck fat fries and fried chicken skin nachos to start! Both were amazingly cooked and seasoned, and the little chicken nuggets in the nachos were the table favorite. My group ordered the duck confit sandwich, the Cuban, and chicken salad with cold beers in iced mugs. We shared around the table and everything was on point. The chef, bartender, and server came by to greet and check on us, which is pleasant surprise for an "order at the counter" kinda place. Great food, awesome service, and close to home. I hope they change up the menu seasonally, because I'm curious what they will create. I'm sure to return!I was pretty excited to try this place. Can't go wrong with a sammich, right?
Well, apparently you can.
The lobster sandwich was fairly dry, the fries were ordinary, the Brussels sprouts were undercooked, and the crab deviled eggs were bland.
Maybe it was just an off night, but I'm not too excited to try this place again.
If all you're looking for is a beer, you might not be disappointed.
The staff seemed really nice though, so I wish I could honestly give more stars.The food was ok. The bar was well stocked, which was confusing because it doesn't stay open late. The food takes FOREVER. Definitely not worth the wait.Crabmeat Omelette Slider..... is there anything crabmeat doesn't make better?What can I say? Simply amazing. Deviled eggs are very tasty. The lobster poboy was one of the best Po boys that I have ever tasted. Get the Brussels sprouts!! I'm still dreaming about them. Service was excellent. Will be back.Completely enjoyed everything we ordered. 
Duck Confit sandwich was delicious, the duck was so tender; The brussel sprouts were outstanding, charred corn salad wonderful and the reason I wanted to go.. the deviled eggs did not disappoint.
The service was friendly and quick.
We will definitely go back!!I've been here twice. Both times have been amazing! The duck confit is the best sandwich I've ever had, the lobster was sublime, the duck fat fries are perfectly done and the garlic aioli goes great with them.I've eaten here twice and will be back to work my way through the menu.  
Classic New Orleans look, lots of curb appeal (which you can enjoy while looking for parking).  Comfortable, clean environment.  Large open area, large windows, lots of natural light, nice furniture.   Someone did a tasteful quality renovation (although the overpaint needs to be scraped from the outside of the windows). 
The dining room probably seats 60 - 70 people.  I've never been here when there was more than maybe 15 people.   Lots of choices to sit - there is family seating, bar seating and a couple of small tables.  There is also porch and patio seating.  
Service works the same as Wayfare.  Walk in, stand in front of chalkboard menu and figure out what you want.  Not so easy because it is a large, interesting, eclectic menu, lots of things you won't see anyplace else. When you have narrowed it down to three or four choices, place your order at the bar and watch it get processed with the state of the art zipline POS system.  Find a seat and wait for your food to be delivered.  Don't forget drinks - there is a large selection of very reasonably priced beers.
This is definitely not Subway.
How is the food you ask?  Everything is high quality and loaded with calories - but only those healthy calories.  Tasty interpretation of a Cuban, fried lobster  and fried chicken was really good.  Didn't really care for the Chicken salad.  As noted in other reviews - good fries.
I forgot to mention it on my profile,  I'm a self proclaimed deviled egg connoisseur.  Its a burden, but I take my responsibilities seriously.  Deviled eggs don't show up on a menu very often before but regardless, the crab laced eggs at Sammich might be the best I have ever had - great taste, great texture  Until someone points me to a better rendition, I am formally declaring this the best deviled egg in New Orleans.
One big problem, if you order the eggs and the fries, no way are you going to finish the sandwich.
Two things annoy me about the ordering process - it is a pain to get a second round of drinks (which I guess is true anytime you pay upfront for food) and the point-of-sale tip shakedown.  I am more than willing to tip, I would like to do it after I experience the food and service.  Just charge me more for the food and eliminate the tip. 
Speaking of price - figure $50 for two including drinks and tip.  As I noted above, this is not Subway.... it's way better and a great value.  I'll be backNo I didn't experience the long waits for ordering others have but you do have to order at the bar. I went on a weekday around 5pm. I like The Sammich. The bartender was really nice. I liked the decor. The famous movie quotes made to revolve around the product was clever. The food was ok though. I ordered the duck fries, Cuban, Chicken Salad sandwich, & the fried shrimp sandwich. Not all for me obviously lol. I didn't like the Cuban. It was a little overpriced at 10$ for what I got. The fries were a complete let down. On the website it looks amazing. It's supposed to have gravy and cheese and was barely covered. I believe for what i was served it was also overpriced at around 9$. I'll give it another try some other time. Wasn't blown away this time.So this review was going to have a lower rating originally. However my experience got  better and there forth a higher rating. I'm big on customer service and most of my ratings will reflect that first and then the quality of the food.
So I went on a Thursday and there was no one in the restaurant cept for a mom and 2 kids and myself. I wanted to get a mini burger but the bartender told me they were out (which i thought was weird bc it was a thurs...who runs out of food on thursdays? esp since no one was in there, it didnt make sense) Anyways, I ordered a beer and settled with the fries, bc I couldnt get a mini burger. Fries were awesome. Would've liked maybe another sauce to dip it in besides the garlic mayo, but the garlic mayo and ketchup worked. Bartender rang me up and I enjoyed my fries and beer.
Some point, bartender leaves and the owner Mike comes out and waits and chats up  myself and the mother with her kids. Two more people come in and they order a bunch of food AND the mini burgers. Apparently they had got more buns in stock since I ordered not that long before. I was shocked! I was only there maybe 15-20 mins before they walked in.  
Mike, however did not know about this since he didn't wait on me originally and ordered me a mini bleu cheese burger on the house. I was all set up to pay for the mini burger since I originally wanted one, but Mike assured me otherwise. His customer service the entire time I was in there was amazing! Also, my bleu cheese burger was soo good! It had the perfect balance of bleu cheese to mini burger ratio.
Long story short, will def be back again soon, especially since their menu will be changing for the upcoming football season.Was very excited to give The Sammich a try, but 2 friends and I unfortunately ordered  mediocre and overpriced poboys.  Duck fat fries were lack lustred as well; having had them at many other restaurants throughout the city.  Sorry guys, not worth it and will not be back.This place is legit for a multitude of reasons. Clean, neat, and welcoming space with ample seating. A pretty broad menu with virtually something for anyone - I think there's even some gluten free options! The hidden bonuses here are really the value you get for the quality of food, the lack of the frat crowd and the requisite stale beer and smoke odor, and the very welcoming service. It doesn't hurt that they make some of the best and most interesting sandwiches in the entire city. I liken it to pizza D, company burger, and a few other spots that are doing interesting food with the level of professionalism, creativity, and customer service that is unfortunately missed in a lot of Orleans parish. I will be back again for sure.I've been wanting to come here since its opening and I finally got around to it. It definitely didn't meet any of my average expectations. I got the BBQ shrimp sandwich and the shrimp looked funky and tasted funky. I left feeling a little woozy and I only ate half the sandwich. The deviled eggs were ok, but again, definitely didn't taste "right." Overall, probably won't be back here again. Or if I do come back, I'm definitely staying clear of the seafood.Best sandwich in New Orleans, Its like a gourmet meal in French Bread.
Good atmosphere, good fun. Great full service bar for a sandwich place,
If you consider you are getting a real meal in a sandwich the Value is great. Snails are the best I've ever had.Holy poboy, batman. The hubs took a bite of The Brouchette and said, "this might be the best poboy I've eaten." ...And my taste buds  just sang. Great beers at good prices. Let's hope this place breaks the curse of this location!Well I found "The Sammich" on yelp and went just for the duck fat fries. I was not disappointed. My friend and I had the fries, fried beets w/jalapeño ranch dressing, she had a duck confit sandwich that just melted in your mouth and I had an oyster poboy with oysters that were blackened, fried and then tossed in Crystals hot sauce. Wow. 
The food was amazing. The young lady taking our order at the bar was friendly and helpful. The place was clean and inviting. All in all a great experience. 
We will be back.Mike sent out word that this fantastic gem in East Carrollton is now Closed.
Will miss the quality food and friendly neighborhood restaurant in East Carrollton.Had an amazing Bloody Mary, crab deviled eggs, and the osso bucco and marscapone sandwich with bone marrow mayo. All to die for! We had friendly service and I liked the atmosphere.Great staff, friendly people, very laid back atmosphere.
It's a bit pricy, but definitely worth paying for. My SO has been trying to get me to go here forever! I finally gave in. All of the appetizers I wanted were amazing - deviled eggs with crab, fried mirliton with hollandaise, and duck fries with garlic aioli sauce.
I didn't want to order a sammich, but my SO is going out of the country tomorrow morning, so we split the pork belly. The guy who was waiting on us was very nice about it and repeatedly offered to get me something else. I wasn't a fan of any of the sammich descriptions on the menu, but I tried very hard to like this pork belly concoction and reassured the gentleman that it was good. It probably was, just not to my taste.  About two bites in, all I was getting was cilantro and heat. Apparently there was sriracha in the sammich - not a fan. My lips were burning and my stomach does not appreciate my consumption of said hot sauce. Due to no fault of their own, this particular sammich was not to my liking. I'll go back, but I'll stick the apps and leave the main course to the "sammich-lovers."
Update: I recently read an article that stated 10% of the population perceives the taste of cilantro as dish soap. I am one of those people. My sandwich had cilantro on it.  No one could make a sriracha/dish soap sauce taste good. Not even the sammich. :(The place is cute and the bar good, but I found the sandwiches full of good ingredients but poorly balanced and overly rich. There are no lighter options with even the chicken salad being overly heavy with mayo. Just a bit too much fried and unnecessarily rich for me.Fantastic...fantastic...fantastic.  Some of the best sandwiches I have had in a long, long time.  So far I have tried the lobster, Korean, and Cuban.  All three have been excellent.  The Korean is a top 10 all-time best sandwich for me.  Another reviewer mentioned that the Korean wasn't spicy, but I found it to be very good and hot, and I'm half Pakistani so I loves me some spicy food.  He must have gone on an off day or something.  I have also tried the charred corn and it again was excellent.  The deviled eggs were good as well, a little dry, but probably because they had so much crab in them (if that could really be seen as a problem).  
It does take some time to get your food, but the food is fresh and made to order, so I don't really understand how someone can complain about that.  If you want your food fast, then any chain type place would love your business.  But if you want freshly prepared excellent fare, you gonna have to wait from time to time.  The best takes time, is what I always tell myself, and it is worth the wait here.  The great news is that they drinks are cheap here, so waiting has its advantages.  
If I had to complain, I could say that it is a tad pricy, but again everything I have had was fresh and made to order.  The flavors and combinations were spot on, so the price was understandable.  If you don't live in the area this spot is worth the trip just to check out.  Take a street car ride and get some sandwiches!  
I can't explain how happy I am that this place is within walking distance from my casa.  I honestly want to eventually try every item on the menu...the menu looks that good and so far everything has been delicious.  Go to the Sammich...you will be glad you did!I love The Sammich. In fact, I might go get a sammich right now. There is nothing to not like about The Sammich. Beers are $2, $3, or $4. All the time. That's just the normal price. The owner is a really down-to-earth guy who clearly enjoys great food and good beers. He's put together a great beer selection. Sit at the bar, chat with the bartenders, and enjoy some good beers or drinks. The food is all great, just go and try some stuff. The sammiches are made on a light and airy French loaf with a perfectly crisp crust. This is how bread is supposed to be, and it's great to see it paired with such great sammiches. Order a couple appetizers. The fried beets, escargot, and duck fat fries are all delicious. If you're going for the first time, you have to order the fried lobster sammich. IT IS SO DAMN GOOD. The Korean BBQ chicken is really great too, but they don't mess around with the heat. The kimchi is spicy. I've been meaning to try the mini burgers too but just haven't been able to break away from my exploration of their sammich menu yet. Just go try everything.Was in recently for the new Osso Buco Sammich.  It was excellent.   I've also had the Cuban recently and it is also excellent.  The staff are friendly and nice.  I just wish I worked anywhere near Uptown so I could go more often.Wonderful little down home place with an upscale finish. Korean Barbecue Po-Boy is great. Oyster Po-Boy is great.Ok. When I walked in I immediately thought this looks like a cool place, no frills but casual, clean, and inviting. The owner Mike greeted us right away and was really friendly. They have an awesome way of getting orders to the kitchen using what I could only describe as a zip line from the bar to the kitchen. 
When I walked up to the chalkboard I to order I was immediately disappointed to see they no longer had the fried lobster poboy which was what I was hoping to try. I decided to go with the Cuban sandwich. I was with my mom and two of her friends, one ordered the shrimp poboy and the other ordered the Cuban like myself. My mom ordered the oyster poboy and we all shared some duck fat fries. 
I will start by saying the Cuban was delicious. They finish the sandwich in a panini press and it makes it amazingly crispy and gives contrast to the soft meat and cheese inside. I also thought the duck fries were damn good and if you go here I highly recommend you get them. DO IT.
The one of my mom's friends that also had the Cuban loved hers as much as I did but could not finish so she gave me her leftovers (no complaints here!). My mom's other friend that had the shrimp poboy also really liked it and thought the duck fries were great. 
My mom was excited to try the oyster poboy and has had loads of other oyster poboys in the past but she just couldn't warm up to this particular poboy. I think she said it was the spices in the batter or something but she really just didn't want to eat it. 
Now, my mom is the kind of person who never sends back food but since I was the one who recommended we go here I felt bad it wasn't what she wanted. I encouraged her to just let the sever know she didn't like it (she had hardly touched it) and see if they would get her something else. 
She was really reluctant to do this but finally did it. The sever was really nice about it and asked what he could bring instead. She ordered a shrimp poboy which she gave to me (more leftovers for me!) because she didn't really want anything by that point. 
Before we left the owner Mike came over to talk to my mom about her experience and the oyster poboy. He was really nice about everything and just wanted to understand what she didn't like about it. In doing this he was in no way implying 'you're wrong' or anything like that it was more like he was legitimately trying to understand what went wrong for her. 
More businesses should take this approach because understanding customers (praise and complaints) is fundamental. I will say complaints are sometimes just people being trolls trying to start something or get a free meal but I think those complaints are easy to identify and have no value as feedback whatsoever.
After talking to Mike about everything from living in Alabama to showing off pictures of their dogs on their phones my mom was totally turned around. I thought this was cool because prior to this she was not super excited about her experience.
Mike also addressed the fact the famous fried lobster poboy is discontinued. It is because the price of Maine lobster is skyrocketing meaning the sandwhich price would increase and if people were unwilling to buy it at the higher price he would be throwing away an extreamly expensive ingredient. 
BOTTOM LINE: This place has great food and they really care about making their customers happy. Mike is very interactive with guests and you can tell he is passionate about this place.