Raspberry Mojito was strong and good.  Calypso beef tacos were excellent.  The location is great.  I wouldn't come here for the ambiance or to find anything super original, but from what I could tell, everyone at my table enjoyed their food, and the tortilla chips were fresh and delicious.  I would recommend it for a quick snack and a drink before heading out for the night.I come here every time I'm on magazine! Which is quite often! The flaked fish and the chopped shrimp tacos are divine: and I always have a Jamaican me crazy cocktail. Joel is an awesome bartender and remembers me and provides great service every time. Great staff, great food and always on point no matter how slammed or busy they get. I love the environment and will always come back for more!I have never been disappointed here. To be fair, I have only ever ordered the tacos, but I just can't make myself order anything else because they're so freaking good! I choose different ones every time, but the brisket one and the chopped shrimp one are my favorites. The polenta is a delicious side item and the veggies are to die for. As for your beverage, let me recommend their margarita. Like, the tacos, I can't make myself order anything else while here. They have plenty of indoor seating as well as some picnic tables outside. Oh, and the location on Magazine Street can't be beat!Really yummy quesadillas, appetizers, and has a variety of tacos with different toppings. Good place to get lunch with a group.The lines are long for a reason. One particular Tuesday I ordered four tacos and two coronas while spening $14 including tip. The tacos are ecletic and the variety allows everyone to find something to their liking. The flat bread was so so I would stick to tacos the scallops and carolina Q are my favorites but all are good. 
The vibe is laid back amd typical New Orleans.Taco Tuesday!  $2 per taco = amazing!
Service was fantastic! Our waitress was so kind and told us about the Taco Tuesday thing. She was checking in is to make sure we like our food and drinks were filled at all time!
This was not my first time there. I love this place every time and each time is just better than the previous time.
This time I ordered the Seared Scallop, crispy fish, Calypso Beef and the Duck tacos. They were sooo good and individually designed.Rum House is a Carribean inspired taqueria in uptown New Orleans. This place is worth the wait and travel from the atmosphere, food and of course loving servers. The establishment previously hosted $2 Tacos on Tuesday, which had the whole city coming out. There was a recent change made to the menu. There are now more different types of tacos( now $3 on Tuesday and including vegan options) and more variety with the appetizers. The frozen margarita is what you will want after a long hard day, or if you just want to relax and chill you're night away.So yummy! The taco options are vast and amazing. We had the nachos with brisket instead of pulled pork (they have queso on them too!!) and a lamb vindaloo taco and calypso beef taco. Good plantains, good mashed potatoes, good selection of cocktails. Great ambience with music and decor, outside seating too!Try the mango avocado dip it was ridiculously delicious. The damn good nachos are really fulfilling.I came here earlier today to have lunch with my friend and we had the Queso and chips, Guacamole Mango 'dip', the Tuna Ceviche, Jerk Chicken and Black Beans quesadillas, and the Chili Glazed taco. Everything was delicious and our waitress was amazing! Makes me hungry for more ceviche!This place deserves a full 5 Stars. Delicious tacos, so many unique varieties. Drinks great,  and service wonderful. Perfect!Any time I'm looking for a place to go to for Taco Tuesday I know that I can count on Rum House. Their tacos are absolutely delicious, and there's a great variety of tacos that cater to meat eaters, pescatarians, vegetarians, and vegans! They have a large menu, and there is something for everyone. The service is great, which is always a plus! If you're conflicted on choosing a side, then I recommend  the Mac and cheese and cornbread dressing.We ate here on Oct. 31, 2014.  This is a GREAT find on Magazine Street in Uptown.  It bills itself as a Caribbean-style taco restaurant, but is more than that.  This place is very popular, with indoor and patio (sidewalk) seating.  Food was very good -- more taco varieties than I can list (my wife had the chopped shrimp taco, Calypso taco and Rib Taco, and I had a two-taco combo).  A very good option for lunch when spending a day antique and boutique shopping on Magazine Street.Where do I begin? Delicious food, awesome drinks or the friendliest server on the earth? We were there last week while visiting from Boston and oh my did we hit the jackpot. We got there right in time for their happy hour and ordered their house margarita and the pain killer (our server recommended these and they were oh so good). What we really liked there was the option to choose your own tacos and get it in the combo of two or three with sides. We ordered the veggie, fish and chicken tacos with mashed potatoes and mac and cheese and on my goodness we were in heaven! The drinks were so good that we ended up ordering it back again. Definitely a place we will go back if visiting again and are sure to recommend it to our friends and family!!This is my all time favorite restaurant. I went to college in New Orleans and The Rum House has to be one of the best parts of getting to live there for 4 years. 
The Damn Good Nachos are irrefutably the best nachos you will ever eat in your entire life. And I would know, I've eaten my fair share of nachos. They "technically" are meant to feed between 4-6 people, but I've split and finished them with one other person on multiple occasions and am not ashamed of it. They really are that good. 
Their taco trifecta is also unreal and their sides are amazing too. Highly recommend the polenta, coconut mango rice, or plantains. 
All of their drinks are spot on too. 
They don't take reservations and they're always crowded so be prepared to wait around for a little bit. Totally worth it though and you can pass the time at the bar with a marg.What a nice restaurant! Many young people. Good food and service! The Pollo Asado is pretty good. The Coconut Mango rice is awesome! I loved it. The other dishes looked good and my family liked it a lot. The banana breadpudding and the chocolate molted cake are yummy too! It's just a bit too loud in thereMy man and I decided to switch things up and try The Rum House.  We went for lunch on a Friday.  When we walked in we found that we were the only patrons...usually not a good sign.  We glanced at each other, put on a brave face and decided to go for it.  The hostess sat us inside next to the windows (it was overcast with a chance of rain so we didn't want to sit outside).  Our table was perfect for people watching and Magazine always has interesting things to see.   I ordered a rum punch for two reasons - first, you just have to at a rum house and second, if the food stinks at least I have a yummy cocktail.  Much to our relief, people started to float in and the place started filling up.  So we relaxed and felt a little more confident in our lunch choice.  We wanted to try the tacos so we ordered the jerk chicken, Cuban pork and flaked fish.  All were really, really tasty!  I think the jerk chicken was my favorite.  The habanera mango salsa was delish.  We also had the jalapeno coleslaw but I felt it was lacking jalapenos.  Overall we really enjoyed the food at The Rum House, the rum punch made me happy and the atmosphere was fun.  We'll try this one again!!The food here was great! A fun menu with choices sure to please everyone. The taco variety is traditional to eclectic. I enjoyed the brisket and the chopped shrimp tacos.  Loved the sauces! My dinner came with either two sides or a side salad. I substituted the spinach salad which was delicious with goat cheese and candied pecans . Very reasonable, fresh and delicious! The only  down side is its a bit noisy but the food and service were wonderful!Great restaurants always have a long wait rum house is no different . Put your name on the list and head straight to the bar the margaritas and rum drinks are some if the best on magazine if not the entire city . Once you get a table the service is quick and very helpful with all of the selections of tacos to choose from .  My favorite on the menu are the nachos ( which are  huge and can feed three people ) the mango avocado dip is the best thing I have ever put on a chip . My favorite taco is the Carolina and the brisket . Simply a great restaurant but like I said just be prepared to wait but it is very well worth itAwesome food. Worth the one hour wait.  We loved all the starters, the queso was definitely the show stealer. I loved the mango salsa. Yummmmmm! My friend ordered the seafood pepper pot nd loved it. Another friend loved island steak. Perfect in her words. I loved the chicken roti I ordered. Pretty spicy and nice. By the time tacos arrived we were pretty full, still enjoyed the lamb vindaloo and jerk chicken tacos. Do try the pawpaw sauce. It's soooooo good. The server was very friendly too. The decor is pretty nice too.Highly recommended. Just remember, the portions are pretty huge!Terrific tacos.  Great drinks. Lots of places to sit (inside and out). Good for kids (despite the name).So bomb! Our favorite place! We were visiting NOLA from Los Angeles and went to this place twice in a week because it was so good. So much flavor in their tacos and the meat is cooked perfectly. The place has a cool funky vibe to it and the drinks are great too. If your ever in NOLA, The Rum House is a mustThis place is not good. There were 6 of us so we got to try a variety of unsatisfying dishes. All so incredibly bland I don't understand how they can call this place Caribbean. 
The shrimp with creamy red curry sauce had no taste. Big nice shrimp surrounded by a tasteless very heavy sauce. The mahi mahi fingers were so deep fried there was no recognizable fish in there. The tacos were mehhh... And the jerk chicken was dry and had no jerk flavor. The mashed potato was so salty it was inedible. It was all so bland too, no spice at all. 
To add the service was poor and slow. Try getting a refill on a coffee and you will experience frustration. Cream with your coffee? Nah ahh.What a fun restaurant! We made our way through for lunch and it was so delicious. Their specialty rum drinks reminded so much of the island. It truly brought me back to the vacations there.
My favorite was their curry gulf shrimp entree. The curry sauce was out of this world tasty. The shrimp were cooked perfectly. I dream of that dish from time to time now that I'm home.It has a great happy hour. Probably one of the best on Magazine St. I was disappointed to see that they did not have food specials for happy hour. I ended up having a tuna salad it was ok nothing special. The service is great and the atmosphere is most inviting of all the little restaurants on that strip.This place never disappoints me. Wonderful food, drinks and people. I love The Rum House!Looking for a cool hang out with cool drinks? Rum House is your place :) We stopped here for lunch on our walk on Magazine St. in the garden district. Had a regular mojito and some jerk chicken which was delicious!We are from S.F. and had dinner here last night. Excellent service and food. What a great menu of eclectic tacos! Excellent!Accommodated my football game. Great waiter. Queso was A+. Tacos were fresh. Drinks were good. Would come back.The Mahi fingers are easily in my top 5 apps ever.  Great drinks, fantastic food, and attentive service.The drinks are REALLY good here, try the Painkiller! The food was very good, lots to choose from. We had tacos, fried plantains, greens, black beans with chorizo, shrimp... Everything was really good! Only thing I was disappointed in was the jerk chicken taco-Not much jerk flavor to it.My A-OK is a shout out to all of you that are going to The Rum House for Taco Tuesday. I would say that it definitely was NOT worth an hour and a half wait. While waiting I enjoyed a margarita, which was delicious. I started on a mojito, but it was so unsavory. The mint wasn't muddled, the sugar to soda ratio was off, and if it wouldn't have been so crowded I would have just returned it to the bar and had another margarita. Once we were seated I would have to say the noise level was ridiculous. It's not that I don't appreciate the rumble of a good crowd, but it was nearly impossible to hear anyone at the table. On a separate note, and maybe after being a bit tired after our long wait, it was frustrating to see how many empty or not filled tables there were in the joint. We would have done the communal seating thing, as this is not the place to go for romance. I digress. Let me get to the tacos. We sampled twelve. Most of which were delicious! The seared scallop, calypso beef, and brisket were my favorite. My least favorite were the tacos with coleslaw, as they tasted too much like smelly armpits. Overall, I would say visit this place it is worth a try, and if you go on a Tuesday get there super early. Oh, and do not get the mojito.Dined in yesterday for "taco Tuesday" the food as always was phenomenal. I had the calypso beef, duck, and fish tacos paired with the black bean and chorizo. It was extremely busy, but the service was great and the food came in a timely manner we were in and out within an hour!Best taco menu ever. Great service. Good location. Very creative. Huge selection of rums.My sister, a Tulane student, absolutely loves this place. She took us when we were visiting and it did not disappoint. 
We ordered the mango guacamole to start. It was everything you could want in good chips and guac: creamy guac, fresh salty chips. My only gripe is that you couldn't really taste the mango even though there was some on top. 
I ordered the Two Dat with a calypso beef taco and the flaked mahi mahi taco. They were soooo good. The calypso beef had amazing flavor. The mahi mahi came with delicious tartar sauce and some kind of onion jam. 
I got the rum house salad on the side, and it was also fantastic. Goat cheese, spinach, sweet potatoes, pecans... Yum. 
The seating area inside is really noisy and the outside is really hot and humid (obviously), but that's sort of to be expected because you're in New Orleans and it's a bar! The service was excellent-- our waitress was so sweet, prompt, and friendly. I would definitely come back the next time I'm in NOLA.Rum house is awesome and I go here all of the time, especially if I have friends visiting from out of town.  It has a cool, funky local vibe and the food is very flavorable; I highly recommend it.  On Tuesdays they have $2 tacos and beers, but it gets really crowded so it's better to go late at night.  In general Rum House can be crowded but often if you sit outside there isn't a wait.  They have great drink specials everyday from 5-7pm, I usually get the house margarita but I've also had the mojitos which are excellent.  For food, I like to get the two dat combo where you pick two tacos from a long list of great options, and you two sides (I like the beer battered crispy fish, and I recommend the plantains or mango coconut rice as a side).  I've also had the crab melt sandwich (amazing), and the fish of the day.  Getting the fish of the day was a little more expensive but it was fresh and definitely worth it.Very good carribean cuisine..make great martinis, seafood curry was excellent. Will revist. Ambience was great..service OKRemember remember the 5th of November? Ehh, I don't either.... But this place sucked.
I live in Uptown and drive by this "popular eatery" daily with lines often extending into street. I think that is only for the drink specials because the food was nuttin good, na what I'm sayin?? The tacos are tiny and come with their special "Hairy Larry" sauce which is a combination of ranch and burnt hair....Waitress was nice, but the food was not.I've been here tons of times and I swear I never get time of it. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants. I usually get the "Two Dat". The beef calypso is one of my favorites. My two regular side items are the smothered green and polenta.Guacamole = the best (and I'm a snob)
House salad = perfectly dressed, just enough cheese, delicious sweet potato morsels
Moscow Mule = so gingery. Yum!I'd not have gone to this place had I not read a reco by a local NOLA.  The name is a bit misleading since I'd have passed it up for a drinking place and not realize the awesome food this place serves up at reasonable prices.  I got the platter that included 4 tacos, a side, and the menu said a 'pattie' which turned out to be an empanada (forgot the spelling of this fried thing with curry meat filling.   There were 10+ choices of tacos and it was so hard to choice as all seemed so good.  The scallop taco was awesome as it has really fresh and big scallops in it.  The pork mole was really tasty.  I was so glad to have gotten the 4 taco platter instead of the 2 or 3 version.  I got the black beans as my side and it was very filling.  For $20 (incl tx and tip), I got a lot of food.   Just come hungry or else you can't try all the diff tacos.Got recommended this place from someone who knew we were visiting from California. I guess being from California means you only love tacos and must eat tacos anywhere you go, hence The Rum House!
But forewarning for all of us who have had a real taco, these are definitely not legit tacos- but they are good in their own right. They are Caribbean fusion tacos and I appreciated them for what they are. 
Now that we had that disclaimer out of the way, let's move onto the food. 
For starters, we had the calamari and the sweet potato fritters. Calamari, as I have said multiple times before, it is difficult to mess up this dish. It is the chicken tenders of the sea. Pro tip, ask for lemon because apparently nobody here douses their seafood in lemon juice. As far as the fritters go, those were delicious! I was a huge fan of them and did not expect to be. 
I had the two taco combination plate- it came with two sides and your choice of any two tacos. I went with the oyster taco and the fried fish- both were good. I enjoyed them- but once more, it's a fusion taco, folks. If I had to choose which between the two I liked better, I would go with the latter. For my sides, I got the plantains and the polenta. The polenta was whatever, but oh the plantains were to die for. If you love plantains, please do yourself a favor and order them. 
I did not indulge in the HH specials, but they exist and are worth the gander because the drinks look big. Also, coming from California, a $2 drink is almost unheard of. 
Overall, I was not extremely impressed, but it was a fun place to check out. I don't think I would go out of my way to come here again and would be willing to try a different place off Magazine the next time I am in town. I really would only go back for the plantains, and that's just because I have an obsession with plantains.Mighty food. Seafood pepper pot was simply magnificent. Thanks to Molly for her very personal service. Great place altogether! Oh - and the bread pudding blew my bollix. Thank you house.I've lived in the LGD for almost three years, I've always enjoyed the environment at the Rum House but have been making it a weekly "family dinner" spot since February.
Their $2 taco night make it a great value for mixed groups and the food is delicious. (I enjoy eating around the menu) There is a manager named Eric that is always so patient and helpful and the rest of the staff is smiley and happy. 
Favorites: oyster and scallop taco, crab sandwich and black bean + plantainsGreat Spot! My brother recently moved to New Orleans and I came along for the ride. I have to say this neighborhood is much cozier and friendlier than the french quarters.
We saw a sign that said happy hour, plus I really had to pee so we popped in. The rum drinks were great! We each got one in to go cups. I LOVE that Louisiana allows alcohol to go cups. California really needs to get on board with that.
We weren't planning on eating anything since we were all stuffed from doing nothing but eat all day in the French Quarters. But once I looked at the awesome taco choices I had to order something. That something turned into 3 somethings... cuz they had a deal... and being Chinese you are programmed to always go for the deal. So I stuffed my face with three very awesome tacos. I highly recommend the Scallops!!!! If I wasn't so full I woulda ordered another plate of scallop tacos. Sooo good.Great location, nice decor, outdoor seating, sports on TV, large bar, friendly servers. 
I had heard from many people how great the food is here, and what great tacos they have here. It's ALWAYS packed when I drive by, even in the "off season". 
I expected great food. 
That being said, it was just "ok" for me. 
THE FOOD: 
For appetizers, we had Damn Good Nachos..the menu says...
A Biggs Favorite! Pulled pork, black beans, jalapeños, tomatoes, red onion, lime cream, cilantro and tons of melted cheese.
It was a big hit at the table, and the melted cheese was delicious. The only drawback for me were the chips. Too thin and tasteless. 
We also had calamari.  The dip was ok, the calamari was chewy and didnt have a lot of flavor. 
For my main entree, I got the Trifecta.  3 tacos and a side. I chose the brisket, pork mole, and lamb vindaloo. 
The brisket meat was tender and tasty, and I got a taste of some good bbq sauce.
The lamb vindaloo was surprisingly lacking in lamb flavor. I really had to struggle to distinguish it from just a beef flavor.
The pork mole was also not great. I didn't taste mole, and the meat was not real flavorful. 
I gotta talk about the tortillas. 
Bad. Small. Tasteless. Cold. 
I hate when places use the stupid "taco stand". I think restaurateurs think it makes a classy, neater appearance on the plate, but I think it just covers up a lack of ingredients in the tortilla.
For my side, I had the Roasted Poblano And Manchego Polenta. It has good flavor but a weird consistency and was cold. I don't know if that was the intent.
I WILL say there were 7 others in my party, and everyone else thought it was great. (Novices, lol!!)
I expected more. 
FOR ME..I'd give the food 2 stars. Decent for a tourist spots. Probably pretty consistent.  Since it was a cool spot, and everyone else liked it, I'll boost that up to 3 stars.Great food and drink options. I would have given 5 stars but I was really disappointed with the quantity of filling in the vegetarian tacos. They were half as stuffed as the meat filled ones my husband ordered.  Usually restaurants overcompensate if you order vegetarian, this one did the opposite. Wish I had taken a photo to show the difference.Best seafood tacos ever! We will definitely be returning here every year for our annual NOLA trips. It was a bit crowded and we had a long wait but it was well worth it. Great drinks if you can find a spot at the bar while waiting on a table. I was a bit skeptical about the 'meat pocket' that came with the tacos but was pleasantly surprised after tasting it. I think about that meal at least once a month!The food was ok but small portions for the price. The drinks however were great and the atmosphere was fun. Definitely a cool soot to hang with your friends and chill and have some drinks, but not the best food. It's located in a great spot to walk around and check out the local stores and shops.We started out with the avocado mango dip which was fresh guac with little pieces of mango stirred in.  How come nobody ever thought of that before?  What really made it so tasty was the chips.  They were thin and crispy and not greasy at all.  Everything was perfectly seasoned.  
Then we ordered a bunch of stuff we didn't need, like an extra side of mac and cheese and the corn and crab chowder.  The chowder was not hot and was really unremarkable.  Don't be tempted by the tasty sounding name.  Plus we were hard-pressed to find a significant amount of crab in the mix.  The mac and cheese was really dry and blah.  
For my main entree I ordered "Two o'dem" two tacos, chopped shrimp and seared scallop!  Amazing!  There were so many to choose from and I believe I made the right choice!  The seafood was fresh and perfectly cooked.
My favorite side was the polenta.  I wish we would have gotten an extra side of the polenta instead of the mac and cheese which was nothing to write home about.  
Overall the service was OK.  Glad we stopped by.One of my favorite places to eat in NOLA!  I always get the frozen margaritas and the duck and shrimp tacos!  The sweet potato chips are life!Love this place. Gets a little crowded but that is cause it's good!I have eaten the Jerk Chicken Taco's, Chicken Quesadillas and the Trinidad Chicken Roti...All very good. Also try a painkiller..they are great!We came here based off many suggestions from locals. Let's just say they did not disappoint! We went for taco Tuesday which makes all the tacos $2. We got the fried oyster, duck, the Carolina, and the calypso taco. They were all beyond delicious. Our server Daisy was welcoming and informative as well. I suggest stopping here if you can. It's well worth it. Out side seating  was nice and shaded too!The food is much better than expected. Had the beef as well as scallop tacos with sides of mashed potatoes and mac'n'cheese. Will absolutely come back. 
Service was a bit lackadaisical and the server seemed put off that we already had drinks from the bar, then ordered only water once we were seated. But the wait was 45 mins and we'd already had our drinks. 
The food more than made up for it. Try the tacos!This place came highly recommended and even though the wait was long it was worth it. We were told the wait was an hour but we only waited about 30 minutes. It was Taco Tuesday so draft beers and all tacos on the menu were only $2- SCORE. We tried several tacos and they were all delicious. The drinks were good as well.This place is so fun! The atmosphere is great, very Caribbean. The food and drinks are fantastic and creative, not your run of the mill tacos and nachos. They have great happy hour specials and tacos are only $2 on Tuesday! Stay away from the overcrowded French Quarter and check out this gem instead.Started with NOLA 7th street wheat beer - awesome choice! Each of us had the "Two Dat Combo". I had the calypso beef taco with fresh guacamole and a Mahi Mahi fish and grilled asparagus taco along with the Rum House Salad. Devoured the tacos and salad. The salad was a mix of greens topped with roasted sweet potato chunks, shaved red onion, toasted pecans and julienned beets with a sweet curry dressing. Hubby had the calypso beef taco and the pulled pork mole taco along with mango sticky rice and roasted poblano & manchego cheese polenta. The rice was good but the polenta was the bomb! Creamy with that poblano bite! Delicious!!!This has to be one of my favorite restaurants in the Irish Channel.  Some very tasty menu options with my favorite being the ribs.  The food is not cheep but it's not over priced either.  The staff is typically fast and courteous and the decor is pretty cool.  If I had one complaint it would be the waiting time to get a table during peek hours, however, I guess I'm not the only one who likes this resturant and I can live with the wait.  It's at least worth checking out to see what you think for yourself.Good food at a good price seemed authentic but it definitely doesn't feel authentic in the restaurant get the fried oyster and steak tacos are delish.I aimed for, and thought we had asked for a table at the next door Red Dog Diner and only after ordering discovered that we were at the Rum House. The food turned out to be excellent, moderately priced and with great service! And al fresco dining on the same obnoxiously busy street as the diner next door. All good!Awesome!!!! Finally ate here and was knocked off my feet. Everyone must go and bring friends. Food was phenomenal and so was service. Will be back to try more on menu.The kitchen needs better ventilation so I don't reek like a giant burrito after I leave.  Besides that the Rum House is great.  Cheap, good food and good drinks.  Also a bushwacker would go well with the painkillers.Me and my friend went there close to closing time, since we didn't know at what time they closed, when we got to the door we saw it was 10 pm but we still had 15 minutes so we decided to at least go in for a drink, we sat at the bar and the girl behind the bar asked us in a really rude way "do y'all need a drink menu?" , never even offer the food menu or even explained that they were closing and that the kitchen was already closed (which was not because we saw a server taking an order when we walked in), after we order she brought our drinks maybe 3 minutes after, I asked for a to go cup and we left. It felt like she was rushing us out, she didn't want to serve us, I understand that we walked in 15 minutes before closing but she could of easily explain to us they were about to close, not just make us feel unwanted.One of my local favorite places! But be aware this is also many others favorite as well so expect a lengthy wait!I am a fan of The Rum House. It's a neat fusion food idea, unpretentious and deliciously simple. I've eaten here quite a bit and I just ate here again tonight after being treated rudely by the staff at the La Cocinita food truck. The staff is friendly and pleasant here, and it felt nice to be welcomed back to an old favorite like always.
The brisket and Calypso tacos are delicious. The brisket taco has the most heavenly delicious sauce on it that I am always craving. I would love to bottle this sauce and put it on everything, it is so good! That combined with the onions and brisket make some of the best fusion tacos I've ever tasted! Yum Yum Yum! I hope they never stop serving these tacos, they are addictive! The tacos are relatively small so I usually order the Mr. Bigg's platter, I think it's called. Two brisket, two Calypso, with mac and cheese. Perfect! I don't drink a lot of soda, but I often get a Coke here because the Coke always tastes really good. Just how I like it. 
I love rum and have sampled their many different types of rum and was pleasantly surprised by the variety and flavors! Mmmm! The mango and avocado guacamole is really tasty as an appetizer. Service is always good and it's pretty much all you could ask for in a restaurant. The only problem is how busy and noisy it gets. The wait can sometimes be over an hour long and it gets so busy that it's difficult to have a conversation most of the time. I wish there were a quieter section to go to that was a little more intimate. The brisket taco is so good though, I overlook the ambiance, I overlook the oftentimes long wait because... YUM! The brisket taco, the sauce the sauce! I am a foodie through and through and because the service is good, I will overlook ambiance for good food. It's minor to me when the food is good and you leave feeling full and satisfied. 
I would recommend going during slower times for better ambiance. If it's nice outside, the picnic tables in the front are great. Sip some rum, eat delicious tacos, and watch the sun set on magazine. Give it a try!When in New Orleans you must try this place. food was awesome, jerk chicken nachos..omg my life will never be the same. Tacos are $3 on Tuesday. 
We arrived at 5PM and was seated right away, shortly there after the line was pretty long. There is outdoor seating and parking is a bit tight so be patient.What I love about this place is that you can order one of every kind of taco if you wanted - that's the best way to try a bunch and they all sound/look really good. I've only tried a few - fried oyster and crispy fish - but there are a lot more I want to try. The Mango Guacamole here is AMAZING. I could eat just that as a meal. split the Mahi Mahi fingers with my roommate one time and we weren't impressed. They seemed over done and I didn't like the sauce that came with them for dipping at all. Sangria is a little too sweet for me. There are a lot of other things here that I'm eager to go back and try. Great for sitting outside if you can get a table. Great area of Magazine Street.A group of us girls stopped at Rum House shortly after flying into New Orleans and it was a great first stop -- drinks and snacks were exactly what we needed!  I love that grown up feel of Magazine Street so I was already happy with the area but the drinks (I ordered a Rum Punch and it was dangerously good) and taco selection were equally satisfying!Awesome restaurant! Inside it's just absolutely beautiful. The way they designed the place was very put together. The food was just fabulous. I ordered a Cuban sandwich and it just had an incredible taste. It was a little sweet. Not sure what ingredient that was. The service was awesome too. Our waitress was delightful. Definitely recommend going here if you're strolling along Magazine street.We happened upon this little gem because our destination, Funrock'n, is across the street. 
The Rum House Punch is fruity and a great meal starter. Food was great but the real highlight was our server Shelley who was very helpful with my special needs brother. She did a great job anticipating our needs. Much better than the server at a fancy restaurant last night. And with a smile.
Cuban - excellent pork and ham
Pulled pork, ham, tomato, pickles, swiss, creole horseradish aioli
Tacos:
Chopped Shrimp - very good
Grilled shrimp, black beans, roasted peppers & onions, queso and pico de gallo
Fried Oyster - excellent
Cornmeal dusted Louisiana oysters, caper relish and spicy remoulade
Calypso Beef - excellent
Island marinated flank steak, guacamole and lime cream
Banana Bread Pudding - excellent (one of my top 5 bread puddings)
Made fresh daily with a pecan topping and served warm with a dark rum sauce
Many dishes are gluten free. 
Great food and a warm, inviting atmosphere.This will most definitely be on our rotation when we come to New Orleans! We loved everything!Like it's New Orleans location, The Rum House in Baton Rouge is committed to excellence.  From the moment you walk in the interior design of the space, the music, smells and fun bar all prepare you for a Caribbean fusion meal you'll never forget.  Rustic island flatware, flavored nuances, accenting subtleties and unique ingredient balancing are all intentionally evident with each dish.  Coupled with an open-air patio, swing + captain chairs, unmatched rum selection and great service, this gem just made Baton Rouge even cooler.  Bottoms up!I ordered the avocado and mango salsa first- amazing! The best guac I have ever had. The seared tuna salad is very delicious as well, although the amount of fish could have been more.Fantastic and unique tacos! Has a great lunch with margaritas for taco Tuesday. Would definitely recommend!I liked this place a lot!! Service was excellent and atmosphere was cool. Had the tuna ceviche appetizer as well as guacamole which were both tasty. They specialize in rums, so tried a flight of El Dorado rums. They were all awesome, just like premium tequilas!! My wife and I ordered the 3 taco combos with a side. All were yummy. Go here if you can wait to get in. Ours was about half an hour..... But sooo worth it!!!We took friends from the Netherlands on Taco Tuesday - of course it is busy but it was great!! We took a carryout to the airport on the next Taco Tuesday and it took a bit of time but again it was great!  Stopped in the next day, just to get an ice tea and it was complimentary!  Who does that!?  I am from Southern California and we have lots of tacos - but not like this.  I will most likely be there tomorrow.  Such a nice, hard working staff.  Yummmm....The food was fantastic.   I had a fantastic asparagus soup and bouliabase type entrée. Will go back for food.  
I was displeased with the service.  It just seemed that everyone  but the manager had somethin g better to do than wait on us.  Had to ask for  everything.  And the restaurant was empty. But I  can handle  bad service when food is that great.  We will be going backFirst time we came here and sat at the bar we had excellent food and service.  Tacos and combo sides were great and flavors spot on.  Great selection of rum drinks. I even enjoyed a couple of rums served neat.  The second time we came, however, we brought two friends from out of town and sat outside at one of the picnic tables. Unfortunately the food came out stone cold which was a bit disheartening because most of it was fish tacos... Who wants to eat cold seafood? The drinks also seemed a bit more water down... I had the $20 punch bowl.  There are too many other taco joints in town to have such a foul up... I'm not sure I'll be back anytime soon.What's better than a regular day at The Rum House?  
Taco Tuesday!
This is probably one of my favourite things to do now.  $2 tacos.  That's $2 for a taco, a delicious gourmet taco!  Oh and what's more fun?  Taco Tuesday at Happy Hour with yummy mojitos!  
I don't think this is conducive to my diet.
You better get there early on Taco Tuesday, or you're going to expect about a 40 minute wait to be seated around dinner time.
P.S. The $10 Nachos are also a really good deal and can easily feed 3-4 people.  They don't skimp on that yummy pulled pork either, the Nachos are loaded!The sweet potato chips are fantastic and I LOVE the veggie roti. It's so nice to be able grab a seat at one of their big picnic tables outside when the weather permits!