Meh.  Middling service, middling mimosa, middling meal.  Too bad, because it looks really cool, especially the filing cabinet bar.Stopped in today to enjoy happy hour with my sister. Such a comfy, welcoming atmosphere!! Happy hour prices are great!!! We sat at the bar although the seating area was really cute and inviting! The staff was wonderful and attentive! The menu looks amazing! We were already eyeballing what we want to try next time we come! They offer free WiFi so I can definitely see this as a future work spot! Stop in and give them a try! I don't think you'll be disappointed!Best beignets in town and an awesome wine bar. The atmosphere was really nice and the staff is super friendlyGreat atmosphere, excellent service, and wonderful coffee. The beignets were hot & made to order. Great for a coffee or a casual drink.My two friends and I were in New Orleans for a girls trip.  We spend an afternoon shopping all the cute little stores along Magazine Street in the Garden District and we thought to ourselves, " Boy we would really like to sit on this beautiful day and have a glass of wine".  And then Abracadabrs there it was before us.....The Vintage.  It had everything we were looking for.  Booze, chocolate, and cheese fries.  lol!  The servers were extremely friendly.  There are two distinct counters.  One for food and pastries and another for the bar.  My friends ordered a salted chocolate chip cookie and cheese fries at the food counter while I ordered the alcohol; a glass of Chardonnay for my friend and a Pimm's cup for me.  I believe we went on their first day open or maybe several days but they were still trying to figure out the registers; etc.  but it was all good.  The cookie was delicious ( although maybe just a tad too much salt) and the cheese fries were more like a pomme Frits with Parmesan and truffle oil which was A- ok with us.  The wine selection was vast and I liked my Pimm's as well.  It was really an adorable place and I'd like to go back the next time I'm in Nola.Great vibe and the food is pretty amazing.  Chic spot in the Garden District that is a must.The people were very friendly, the beignet bites and coffee were great. Outside seating available.Location - 3 out of 5 OK 
Decor - 3 out of 5 OK 
Service - 2 out of 5 (while empty)
Acoustics - 1 out of 5 (circus music in boiler-factory echo chamber)
Value for money - the meatballs, before drinkingGreat service and the drinks are amazing. Go early though otherwise you will miss out on the main menu.Stopped in for an iced coffee, wonderful vibe, atmosphere and coffee. We were planning on getting the coffee and continuing to shop but after seeing the inviting decor we decided to enjoy the coffee there. While we didn't get any desserts, they had a nice variety and they all looked tasty, we will definitely be back!!Love the iced coffee. This place is great. Cocktails and coffee. Great find. Definitely plan on coming here regularly. Very kid friendly too.WiFi did not work when I was there.  I selected this spot because I was hungry, needed coffee, and was on a (very) tight deadline.
Sadly, because I had to work, I couldn't linger and relax or enjoy the environment for long. Breakfast and coffee was good, and the place is very cute. I would have stayed all day buying food and enjoying coffee while I typed, but instead had to leave pretty quickly. It's a drag to get set up excited to focus, only to have to scramble because the emails needed to fly.First time trying it, AMAZING service. Great happy hour from 3-6. Even on a Saturday.
Would recommend everything on the menu.Coffee shop that serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner with local specials. Need deserrt with bubbles try the beignet bites with bubbles. It's open on Friday and Saturday till close. 
It also has a great wine selection and full bar.
(AT2's cheese fries (for those that remember AT2s) and the champagne of beers $14)
Enjoy!This place is amazing for happy hour! Nicky was an amazing host. She recommended the garlic beignet bites... So delicious! The happy hour bubbly is delicious. A place to kick your feet up after shopping on Magazine street. Highly recommended!The general manager, Stephanie, wants to ensure that every customer has a wonderful experience at The Vintage.
Everything is curated and well thought out. 
Appreciate the creativity and the concepts of this place. 
Absolutely delicious and what a great atmosphere.A perfect place to meet some girlfriends and have a glass of bubbly at happy hour, or just grab a cup of coffee and work in the afternoon. For lovers of the exquisite, fancy, stuffed beignets are a must: raspberry, s'mores, matcha flavors are to die for! The service is great and by the end of the night it feels like I have been coming here for yearsWe stumbled across this place on our last day of New Orleans when we saw the sign for beignets and realized we had not had beignets while we were here. We happened to go during happy hour and were not disappointed with our $5 drinks - I had prosecco while my girlfriend had a bourbon and ginger (the pour was generous and the well bourbon was tasty). We also had a fancy beignet flight - s'mores, matcha, and raspberry. They were all so delicious, especially the matcha. Everything that we saw come out of the kitchen looked or smelled delicious as well. The decor was also super cute.Good happy hour deal, great vibe, and friendly service!
bubblies, white, and red wine and fries, beignet bites, and pretzel bites were $5 for happy hour! Fries were outstanding, beignet bites were ok, not great.I came here twice in my short trip to NOLA, I had no idea it had only opened a couple weeks before. The service was good and the interior was beautiful and eclectic. Delicious coffee drinks and the beignets...I almost can't believe I am admitting this but I thought the beignets were better than Cafe Du Monde. They had a light, fresh, fluffy quality the other beignets I ate lacked. I can't wait to return to New Orleans so I can come here again!Another stop on our evening's appetizer crawl.  This place is primarily wines and mixed drinks, but they do a few beers to try.  I had the NOLA 7th St. Lemon Basil Wheat, my wife had a Blueberry Mojito.    For eats we had The Emma, a flatbread with apple, Brie, bacon, honey and arugula.  The service was prompt and friendly.  If time allows we will be back.Definitely swing by this coffee shop. I went twice during my visit to NOLA. It's a cute coffee shop and the coffee is great. You can also try a fresh beignet. Waitstaff is very sweet.Such a cool place to visit!  The beignets are amazing!  Especially the beignet flight which had a s'mores beignet that was my favorite!  Great menu and very good bar selections.Love, love, LOVE! Combining my food trifecta (Coffee, beignets, and Rose') in one place...what more could a girl ask for? The service is amazing and their "Frose" is even better. You guys definitely have a regular customer in me.The Vintage is such a DIAMOND! Everything was on point for a soft opening- I believe it was only their 6th day? Service on both ends (one being drinks, one being coffee) was fantastic and very friendly. I cant wait to come back and relax out front, inside, or their back patio!My husband and I have made The Vintage our go-to spot for lazy Sunday morning coffee! The outdoor tables are so quaint with the hanging flower boxes and, best of all, FANS to keep the airflow going. They always have water for our dog to enjoy, and the staff is so nice. The coffee is great, but I selfishly wish they served bagels for my weekend carb cravings! I'm not a huge beignet person, but the other breakfast items we have tried have been delicious (yet small in portion size). I'm so happy to have a great coffee spot in our neighborhood.This place is great! Delicious coffee! Great service! They are new and still working out some kinks but I see great potential! A great addition to my neighborhood !It's so fun to visit this part of town.  The Vintage had great coffee and desert.  I was a bit boozed out so I didn't try anything from their extensive bar.  Loved the vibes here.The Vintage offers great coffee, fine cocktails and great variety of food items. 
Their beignets bites and flights look and taste amazing. Also offer wonderful muffins and fresh baked items. 
Their panini sandwiches and fries were delicious. 
The vintage is a cool spot to hang inside or outside on the side walk. 
The staff were amazing.I really want to love this place. The lighting, furniture and ambiance are great.  It's in my neighborhood and come on, bubbles, bites and beignets, hell yeah! 
Well, I've been twice now I'm still not sure if you're supposed to order at the bar or if they come to the tables. They seem under staffed and under trained. This is Magazine Street, it's a new place, I understand that there will be growing pains but where's the owner? Tonight (8pm Sunday) my party of 3 and our dog stopped by to have a bite and a couple of drinks. We went inside and grabbed menus from the bar. The sole server/bartender said he'd be right with us. We wait outside at a table for 15 minuets. No one came. We saw a single employee/bartender/server running around, working hard. He saw us. We saw him. We left. I write this as we enjoy dinner and drinks across the street at Red Dog. I really hope they figure it out because I want The Vintage to be my summer spot.Man oh man - this gorgeous establishment is 100 feet away from my house and I was super amped for its opening in the neighborhood. However, ugh. Shaking my head...you walk into this place and you're overwhelmed with it's aesthetic beauty then you make your way to the back by the register and you have to wait so many minutes to be waited on while the staff is just looking at you not acknowledging you. At least say you'll be with us in a few minutes - that I don't mind!! 
Boy this is the Irish Chanel - the neighborhood to be a good neighbor! 
Super bummed about the customer service experience on multiple occasions. 
The food and coffee are great - I've never been for lunch or dinner. I must recommend the mini beignet cluster. It was v v v delicious.Cool place for beignets and coffee. Great vibe. Even have a nice selection of wine available if you want extra.Everything started off great. The young lady that was our bartender and she was great! Upselling me on 'Negroni Week', where you recieved a lovely light bulb glass. They make your drink in it, then you pour it over the ice yourself. The proceeds went to benefit musicians so I thought how wonderful! I'll order another, so I can give one to my husband. 
Well her shift must've ended, because the next bartender was terrible! Not sure if he was having a bad day or what, but dude check it at the door! I ordered the second drink, not only did he tell me I wasn't allowed to have the glass but he also tried to take the one that they had already sold me! In addition to this when he made the drink and poured it into the little lightbulb glass that they're supposed to hand to you and let you pour over ice. He takes it and poured it over the ice and hands back to me empty! It was so weird... the whole thing...
The food was good, but the whole Negroni thing left a bad taste in my mouth. Not sure I'll be back.Amazing !! The frozen cafe au lait is amazing. The atmosphere is so vintage and cute. Beignets were awesome too. Love!!!By far the best french fries in town. Amazing meatballs. My top place to eat in New Orleans.Great decor, great space, fantastic food and drinks! The bartenders are welcoming and attentive! If you're looking for a place to relax, enjoy a good drink AND have beignet... You're in luck!Stopped in here to eat beignets by recommendation of a local. I'm so glad she recommended it because it exceeded my expectations of what I thought was going to be a basic bakery shop. Instead, this place has a classic feel to it with old school art and antique looking furniture. The price point is also unbeatable, and of course, their beignets! So light, fresh and hot! They also have a few specialty flavors to choose the from! Overall, great place!We were on Magazine looking for a cool spot to chill and grab a cocktail and some food with our boys. We just happened to pass this place and I am glad we did. The flatbreads, cocktails and alligator bites were amazing. After a couple of days cruising NOLA and magazine street this is a new favorite. Stop in, have a bite, have a cocktail and I guarantee you'll leave happy.Friendly staff, cozy and interesting decor, and the French flat bread and beignets are amazing. Didn't have the wait of other nearby restaurants, which was *great*.Let me be one of the first to welcome The Vintage to the neighborhood.  Just stopped by for coffee on my way to work, the space is beautiful and has a great vibe.  Paul & Lisa the owners were so welcoming as was Stephanie.  I can't wait to stop by after work one night for a glass of wine.   
Welcome Y'all, you have my 2 basic needs filled all in one space!!Iced coffee was really tasty - strong flavor, a hint of chocolate. Relaxed environment with trendy decor and very friendly staffIm not from new orleans but was in town visiting for my sisters birthday and stumbled across the vintage while shopping. Walking in it felt warm and inviting! Service was great,frosé was delicious and those beignets melted in my mouth. The beignets is what really won me over after trying the "cake doughnuts " at cafe du monde and being very disappointed, the beignets at the vintage made me so happy!! They were soft and perfect amount of chew not hidden under unnecessary amounts of sugar! If i lived here i would be a regular!Awesome spot for a happy hour with a great cappuccino. The beignet bites are a must try.  Emma was the best!This place is so cute! Went with a huge group and luckily found seating. They had beignet flights which were great if you want a variety. We ordered mini beignets and it was a great for a group of 8! We even tried the fries which were SO good. Highly suggest! This and a cup of coffee made the perfect combo on a wet, cold day! Also on magazine street -such a cute area!Great laid back spot! Breakfast was delicious (The Vintage breakfast)! We also had the cinnamon beignets that were amazing. We visit NOLA several times a year and this will definitely be on our "must go" list. Highly recommend!Oh, The Vintage. Our newest go-to spot in NOLA when we're in the mood for milk and cookies. The ambiance alone deserves five stars, not to mention its fantastic location on Magazine Street. Service is always quick and friendly ... and did I mention the milk and cookies?Yasss to them having a matcha beignet. I am obsessed with all things matcha and was thrilled to see that they had a different take on the regular beignet. By this point in my trip I was pretty beignet'd out if you know what I mean. However, I had to try the matcha beignet. It was ok. I really like STRONG matcha tastes and this matcha taste was very mild. The matcha was inside the beignet as a filling and also had a tiny bit sprinkled on top. I did like the beignet itself. It was one of the better beignets I had during my trip. 
The vibes of the cafe are Parisian style. Classy and cool. A nice spot to just chill out.3.5 Stars for The Vintage: I am more in love with the concept than I am the execution thereof or the service I experienced. The space is absolutely stunning and I flipped for the idea of a coffee shop/cafe/bar with a richly decorated 1930's interior. I met a friend here for a coffee & study date and, although the experience was enjoyable, the service was a bit brusque and the prices a bit high.  
We enjoyed a Vanilla Latte and an iced Matcha Latte, some parmesan truffle fries that were tasty, if a bit greasy and cold, and a Seared Tuna Salad, which was serviceable. Everything came out quickly, but, again, the brusqueness of the staff was a bit off-putting. It's worth stopping in for a quick grab-and-go, certainly, to enjoy the atmosphere.Came in for a quick breakfast and cup of coffee. I ordered the breakfast biscuit - poached egg, bacon, arugula on a biscuit. The bacon perfectly crisped, egg perfectly poached, and biscuit was just delicious. The coffee was also excellent.Service was not great. It was very confusing on where to order and we waited much longer to pay than it was to get our order.  The only two reasons I didn't rate lower is one server was able to help get our order completed/found someone to ring us up and the coffee was very good here.This cafe was gorgeous. The decor was colonial modern and was really aesthetically pleasing (aka good for Insta). I could spend an afternoon here doing work or reading a book. The beignet was good (tried the matcha one) but filling didn't have a strong matcha taste I wanted. Coffee tasted like any other coffee I've had.Adorable spot with better beignets than cafe Du Monde. Also enjoyed their biscuit breakfast sandwich. Good spot to get work done.This restaurant is beautifully decorated but still casual. I took my mother out for brunch before the Alabama game over the weekend. They were busy but not slammed, and surprisingly quick with service. My mom had their pasta dish with a cappuccino. I had a s'mores stuffed beignet with a tea. We shared a plate of traditional beignets. Everything was delicious. I will definitely be back to try more. I also want to add that their wall outlets had usb plugs, so my mom was able to charge her phone while we ate, which was really neat.What a cute little place! We stopped by after having dinner at Nomiya because we wanted some dessert. Saw on yelp the beignet flight and had to try it especially since it was only down the street. Love the aesthetics of the place-very vintage-esque, hence the name. We sat at the bar and was greeted by a friendly bartender. For the beignet flights, you can choose 3/4 of the flavors-raspberry, s'mores, matcha, and lemon. I wanted to try all of them but we ended up with matcha, lemon, and bc of his recommendation, s'mores. They were all delicious! The matcha had a subtle flavor but still very good. Lemon, quite tart but not overwhelming. And s'mores-although I wouldn't have chosen it had the bartender not suggested it, was my favorite! We also ordered some drinks, nothing fancy, but Hubby did say this was the best old fashioned he's had in nola, so, .This place has all the makings of a great happy hour spot but the service is awful. There isn't enough help or the people they hire are too busy checking their phones. The bartender was rude and we had empty glasses sitting in front of us for over 15 minutes and they weren't busy. We order food she seemed annoyed. The food took forever. And then came out cold. We were ignored for so long we came for happy hour and ended up being charged full price. When we checked out we were then met with an attitude and when we asked why it wasn't happy hour she sighed and printed out a receipt. I am a bartender and i am embarrassed for this places customer service. Hire new people your staff is garbageLoved this lil joint. Their drinks were great, matcha beignet was unique & delicious, macchiatos don't mess around (warning: these are not Starbucks style macchiatos but rather real deal legit 3oz straight up espresso). The bartender was great & super accommodating to whatever patrons wanted. Good happy hour, fun vibe, would return!The Vintage on Magazine is a really cool place to grab a bite to eat or set up shop with your laptop and get some work done. The decor has a modern, vintage vibe and the staff is really great! There's plenty of seating with lots of outlets, so I was able to plug in my laptop and get a lot done. The coffee was great, and then when I was finished with work, I switched over to a cocktail! Best of both worlds!The concept is cute... but they really need to up their game. Service is very slow and the servers are a bit clueless if you have any questions about the menu. 
The flatbread is ordinary and was served cold. The wings are just weird... salty and sweet. The cheese dip is cold pimento cheese served with deep fried crackers (Ewww!) 
The beignet bites were the only tasty thing we ordered... again not Cafe du Monde but not bad. 
Maybe worth going there for a coffee and beignets if you are in the area but not worth making a special trip for.... and expect to wait a while for your order.Enjoyed my stop for brunch. Had some family in town and we wanted to grab something for brunch before heading out and about around the city. We decided to try little of everything and it was all good. We had the southern breakfast grits with poached egg, mushroom and garlic flat bread, the dry rubbed wings, both regular and mini beignets, and the garlic Parmesan fries. Everything came out hot, flavors were good, the beignets were more filling than cafe du monde (May or May not be a good thing depending on your preference). But over all I was happy, there wasn't a long line like some of the other spots we like (ruby slipper). The only thing I would dock it, was the wait time from when we put in our order. It was a tad long but the food made up for it. The kids loved the mini beignets.Literally stumbled upon this gem. Cute place, darling furnishings and good drinks and bites. They have options for wine pours, 6 and 9 oz. coffee here is crafted by hand.  Stop in for a relaxing morning of coffee and pastries or an afternoon
Respite for wine and a small plate of delicious food. 
There is outdoor seating on the sidewalk where you can watch the people parade past. Lovely.I tried their chocolate flight begniet with a cup of latte. Both were great. The service could be faster but actually I think that their ordinary workload is much less that the current craziness of Mardi Gras. I like this placeWent here for after dinner drinks and was so pleasantly surprised! The attention to detail in the decoration was phenomenal. All the repurposed art was so nice to look at. We had champagne and beignet bites. It was a really cool spot. I'll be returning again.Vintage has great beignets-classic versions and special versions like s'mores or matcha! I love the snore beignet the best. They also have a full bar and will even spike your milk with bourbon to go along with your desserts. I've heard they have great wings so I'll try those next.It's my first time in New Orleans and I had my first beignets here! I decided to get the fancy beignet flight for only a little over $6. With the flight you can choose 3 out of the 4 "fancy beignet" flavors that they offer: raspberry, banana pudding, matcha, and s'mores. I chose the banana pudding, matcha, and s'mores beignets. I shared them with my friends and they were all very good! We all liked the s'mores one the best.My wife planned a date night. She had seen this bar in passing during our daily trips to pick up our children from school which is two blocks from there. The decor is beautiful and very vintage as the name, however the service was very disappointing as myself and my wife entered and literally stood there for over 5 mins of standing at the bar literally in front of a bartender to not get greeted. The bartender even was able to close out a tab of a gentlemen right by us and strike up a short convo and still.....no greeting! 
Needless to say, we walked out and decided to spend our money and date night elsewhere. Sucks because this seemed to be a very cool vintage bar to attend frequently.Great italian sandwich and great happy hour champagne! I was there doing homework for a few hours and I got to really observe the atmosphere. There were what sounded like 2 old people discussing politics very politely and hushed in a respectful way. There were young people hanging out at the bar, but they were just chatting and telling memories about each other from highschool. Definition: CHILLWe had an hour or so after the zoo and stopped in on Magazine street for a quick peek at some stores before closing time.  Just before we hopped back in the car to head home we popped in for a wee adult beverage and a sweet snack. They have sidewalk outside seating which is limited and mostly for 2 there are one or two stand up shelfs outside. The menus are on wall when you go in. Scattered seating through out the inside from tables and chairs to stuffed chairs and small tables for a more intimate seating. The bar itself is beautiful -a full on bar with excellent bar keeps. Drinks were spot on the other end of bar is the coffee bar and also looked well stocked. While we only had drinks and some  Beignets the sandwich and small plates menu looked yummy and we will be back to try a sandwich or two. Just before we left we discovered a small patio out back. You order and bar and pick up at bar no table service.Quaint spot on magazine street. Frozen cafe latte and breakfast sandwiches are amazing!I'm relatively new to town...not new to beignets, but I figured if I was going to start being one of the locals I needed to find a local place to eat them instead of doing the French Quarter tourist thing. I think on the first try I found a pretty good place. Two of us split and order of (3) regular beignets and the one with sawmill gravy. Man, I can't really tell you what I liked better. I went for the the sweet taste of the traditional beignet, but I think I liked the beignet with bacon gravy and egg on it better. My mind was totally expanded this morning. If none of that is for you they have several other types. I do want to go back and try the stuffed beignets and the mini powdered cinnamon ones as well. I also met a nice lady who said the avocado toast was one of the best things there. I guess lots of return trips will have to be made.This is a must visit place in New Orleans. The beignets and garlic bites are to die for. Their lattes are amazing too. Will surely keep going to this place often. Waiting to try more of their stuff.After looking for the best place to start our bar crawl up magazine street, my friend and I decided we would go to the vintage. There wasn't a happy hour, but we decided to get a beignet flight and some coffee cocktails. 
We had five different choices for the beignet flight and we picked pumpkin, raspberry, and s'mores - all were stuffed with goodness but I preferred the s'mores beignet the best.
The coffee cocktail was delicious and had three espresso beans each.
I would recommend getting the beignets and just going with the flavors that speak to you.
One thing that I noticed that was weird was that even though they bring the food to, you need to pick up your own plates and utensils.  
I want to return to The Vintage so that I can try more of their cocktails and some more of their lunch and dinner foods.Vanilla Latte: subtle hints of vanilla, decent cup of latte
Banana pudding beignet: the banana pudding was so good. It's the perfect amount of sweetness against the beignet dough. The top layer is crunchy and the body warm and soft like a pillow. I really like it.
Mini beignets: I love that you can just pop one in your mouth and not worry about all the powdered sugar being all over the place.Good coffee. Poor service. Also, you have to order from the bar which is dumb because you will be stuck behind five people ordering cocktails which take a long time to make.I've been here many times but the last time I was here. The service was terrible. The skinny young fellow with black hair was rude. I ordered a few orders of beignets and he could not get the order right. While I was ordering he kept telling me what and how I should order it. So I told him what I wanted and paid ahead. I did not get a receipt from him or was ever offered a receipt. A lady brought it out and I said I was missing some things I've order. The lady was very nice and told me she would make it right away. I go back to the counter and said I've ordered more stuff and didn't get it but the lady is making it and it's ok I'll pay for it. He was upset looking at my order that he put in wrong and was mad at the kitchen lady. He started giving me an attitude than he disappeared for a while. 
Since I waited I went to use the restroom. It was filthy from the sink to the toilet has stains that's been there forever. It wasn't white anymore. 
I really love the beignets here but this last experience has stopped me from returning. I use to highly recommended this places to my neighborhood friends.I didn't think you could improve on beignets...but man! The banana pudding beignet was so delicious I almost ate the plate! And the almond milk latte was just as delicious! Fabulous atmosphere! Precious decor! The perfect way to start a day of shopping on Magazine Street!!!Morgan was absolutely amazing! Food was seriously great and so were the drinks. We enjoyed our time there thanks so much Morgan. Loved our Sunday Funday with you!Great beignets and iced teas. Outside seating is perfect to people watch the crowd on Magazine St.
The service e is friendly and fast. Highly recommend.This was our first time here- it's an inviting space and love the "vintage " feel with lighting, bar and tiled floor. Could have a better flow of waiting to order and then where to stand while waiting - it feels a little off- worth figuring out though . They make a fine americano and the beignet bites certainly rival my favorites . If you are on magazine  and craving a beignet, this is the place for you and one bag of bites is plenty for 4 to share! Don't wear black ! ( we had confectioners sugar.... I bet  the cinnamon  sugar would be tasty too though less authentic I suppose)Bar far the best beignets I have ever had & the cocktails were pretty amazing as well. We had the strawberry lemonade beignet & the s'mores; he has the French 75 (I think) and I had the skinny margarita (which I doubted coming from a "coffee shop" but don't make that mistake- one of the best margaritas I have had! And that's saying a lot )Love the interior/atmosphere. Feels very authentically New Orleans.
They have a mix of open seating (e.g., spots for solo guests, couples, and groups), including seats facing outwards towards Magazine Street, which provides great people watching.
The only downside is the strong smell of frying oil (used to make beignets) that permeates the place. My hair and clothes still reek of oil after spending less than 20 minutes inside. If not for that lingering smell, I would definitely make this my go-to coffee shop for teleworking.