My boyfriend and I came here for a date night and it was so good. We had made a reservation for 8 and didn't get seated until about 845. The hostess was not very helpful and a tad rude but after that the experience was much better. The food was fantastic. The dessert we got was the sex kitten and that was worth the trip.Really great place to meet up with friends! We went on the monthly ladies night, which has an awesome deal for cheese, salad, an entree, and chocolate fondue, plus drink specials. Well worth the money. Our waiter Nicholas was very nice and explained everything for those of us that hadn't been before. Also, one of my friends is vegetarian, and they were able to accommodate that for her entree with no issues.
One thing to know before coming here is we were here for 3 hours! The service wasn't slow, it's just a LOT of food. So make sure you come prepared to feast and go with people you want to spend some time with! It's a ton of fun.This place is great for a girls' night, grabbing a light bite to eat before dinner, or for desserts. I don't recommend it for birthdays, celebration dinners, or anniversaries. 
The main course aren't that great, nor are they filling. The cheese fondue and dessert is where it's really at. I liked the spinach dip fondue. It comes with a bread, chips, apples, carrots, & cauliflower. All great sides. BUT the best part is the dessert! The banana foster has to be my favorite! The presentation is neat because everything is made table side. Honestly, who doesn't enjoy a flamed dessert? 
I came when there was a cheese and dessert special for 11$ per person. It's a pretty good deal. Not sure how long the promotion runs for but definitely ask your server about it.
Oh, this specific location doesn't have parking. We parked near Regions & walked less than a block! It was good exercise for the amount of chocolate we ate. *ha*I arrived with my husband and my 2 sons. The hostess asked if I had a reservation and I said no. We sat down to wait. 15 minutes later the hostess told me if I didn't have a reservation I could only sit at the high tables by the bar. The table was too high for my kids. The restaurant was practically empty. I told them that table wouldn't work and they said I should have made a reservation. I'll never be back.We have been here about 5 times in the past year and half. I usually went there with my 3-year old, my sister and her 5-year old. The reason I waited this long to post a review is because they have become just a child friendly place! They have kids menu, and they are super friendly and accommodating to what we need. Also, the food quality has not changed. The cheese and chocolate fondues are as exceptional as usual. Their meat and seafood quality are great! I definitely love going there more often with my family. One thing, though, expect to be there for about 3 hours. The dining experience takes time! But it's all worthy!This is my favorite restaurant. So relaxing and laid back yet romantic at the same time. You can go with friends or a loved one. It's a perfect setting for either.Went here for a birthday dinner. It was easy to make a reservation and they even brought out candles on the dessert without us asking. Wait staff was great and able to answer all of our questions. 
We did the Crave Combo special - cheese fondue, salad, chocolate fondue for $15. Service was good and food was great. Smores chocolate fondue - you'll want to lick the bowl. 
Not somewhere I need to go every week, but it was a fun and different dining experience. Give it a try!Understaffed on sun at 6pm.  Plenty of tables available.  Refused to seat us without a reservation after waiting a long while for them to seat two parties in front of us.  Will go elsewhere next time.  And this time.This was my first time at a melting pot and needless to say, I loved it. I got a love martini (delicious) and my husband and I shared a 4 course meal option.  The food was great, but my service could have been way better. The server was slow to get our food going and we had to ask several times for water. She blamed it on someone not showing up for their shift, but to be honest, it wasn't busy. It was pricey in my opinion, but it's fine for an occasional splurge.A dressy fondue restaurant. YUMMY. Great desserts. Good waitstaff. Wish they had different hours though.We started with the loaded baked potato cheese which was delicious and memorable. I got the duck entree with the Coq Au Vin oil and it was superb. The meat was perfectly juicy and tender and did not taste wild at all. For dessert we got the classic Milk Chocolate which was everything you could hope it would be. I got 2 drinks, the salted caramel martinis and the whiskey thistle. The salted caramel martini was creamy and decadent without being overwhelming, and the whiskey thistle tasted really just like Pink Lemonade due to being watered down. Overall a marvellous, memorable night that we look forward to coming back to.I went here for the first time with some fellow yelpers to enjoy happy hour.
We all decided on cheese fondue and chocolate fondue.  It was good, but not great, but a nice little something to munch on while sipping wine and enjoying conversation with friends.
A couple of people that we were with decided to eat dinner here.  That was an adventure.  You basically cook your own food.  Do you like cooking your own food?  Awesome!  So, why are you going to go to a restaurant and pay to cook your own food?  I don't know.  
I would go back for the fondue and maybe a salad, but the idea of cooking my food at the table just isn't appealing to me.  But hey, some people might love that.One star for the chocolate fondue at the end, and one star for the management giving us free beer because the service was taking so long. 
We have been to The Melting Pot multiple times before and have had great experiences. This, was by FAR our worse experience to date at any restaurant we've been at. 
My husband wanted to treat me for my birthday, and we decided on coming here. When we got there, it took a little while to be seated, but nothing out of the ordinary. When we were seated, it took about 20 minutes for our waiter to get to our table and offer us drinks. The manager came and apologized and gave us complementary drinks. 
Throughout the night, we saw about 6 different faces because our waiter was so terrible, and the manager even had to come serve us our dessert. 
The entree was mediocre at best, as was the spinach artichoke cheese dip (no artichoke and about 5 pieces of spinach...not kidding, so we are still pondering as to where it gets the name from). BUT, if you decide to go here at all, go for the desert. THAT was awesome!!! 
The company of my sweet husband made the 3 hour dining experience lovely, but it took 3 hours because the service was one of the worst we have ever experienced. AND for the money you pay to go to this place....horrific. Our bill was $80, and it was not worth it at all. Needless to say, next time we want fondue, we already discussed that we can do it at home.The Melting Pot is always a great pick. It's has the feel of fancy and casual all at once. We had the breast cancer awareness dinner four course meal. It was amazing experience. We ate the loaded potato cheese. Mojo cooking and the smores chocolate! The salad we had was a caprese. Everything was great! Totally enjoyed every minute!Great place to eat! Got the teriyaki sirloin, very good!! Would recommend the bananas foster dessert fondue!As always another fantastic experience at the Melting Pot. I disagree with all of the negative reviews of this establishment. The food quality is superb and the atmosphere is very desirable. If you eat the way fondue is meant to be eaten then you will find that the portion size is perfect. My wife and I have never left there hungry. Give it a try... Make your reservation (optional), sit, relax, and enjoy fondue for what it was meant to be... a memorable experience among loved ones.So the Melting Pot may be over priced but it's fun. Go for an experience not for a gourmet meal. Great place for a girls night. They always have coupons if you sign up for "club fondue" on their site or buy entertainment books. The spinach dip fondue is great. Go for happy hour and do cheese and cocktails at the bar from 5-7. The cocktails are amazing the meltini (made with x rated), the love maritni (strawberry) and the grashopper (mint and ice cream) are great. The ying yang cocktail everyone talks about looks neat but doesn't taste as good as it looks. The black and white is the only dessert I've tried. It was just chocolate but I'm told other ones such as the bananas foster are good. They also have girls night specials which are listed on their site. They are on some week night I think maybe mondays or thursdays and supposedly they give a student discount. No parking lot so ladies be prepared to walk in your heels!My boyfriend and I have been to The Melting Pot twice in the last six months and both experiences have been great. The way the restaurant is designed is perfect for an intimate dinner, the booths provide so much privacy it feels like your the only party in the restaurant even on a crowded night! Our most recent server Michelle was wonderful and always let us know what was going on with our drinks and our food. She was also marvelously accepting of my boyfriend's need for extra blue cheese on everything. The Melting Pot may be a chain restaurant but the quality of food and level of service makes it difficult to tell. The Wisconsin cheese trio and the Mojo cooking style are the heavenly. My only complaint about The Melting Pot is that I always get too full for the chocolate fondue and have to order it to go.Cynthia was our server for tonight and she was amazing at helping with our first time dine in. We came for the Best Friends Forever Ladies Night Out Special. Had the cream crab fondue, the melting pot house salad, and the chocolate smores fondue. Although and entree would have been delightful, I don't think I would have had room for it. The cream crab fondue tasted a bit much like the white wine but it was still yummy. I loved the chocolate smores fondue, although Cynthia did recommend the banana's foster and sex kitten (off menu) but must come back for to try them!First time visiting The Melting Pot and upon arrival i could see this was a bit of a swanky place (not exactly my type).  I actually had a Groupon, which was the main reason for attracting me here and as everyone else that i know who's been here says it's a great place to bring a date, and being that i'm a single guy without much luck with the ladies, and my Groupon was about to expire, i decided to bring a rather close friend of mine (sad i know).  But i must say it was quite the experience, and in fact a great place to bring a date!
Our waitress Leah, was quite charismatic, funny, and knowledgable about the menu and different ingredients in the different dips and what not.  For once in a while, i rather enjoyed the company of our host, lol.
The Groupon was a very good deal for a three course (appetizer, salad, entree).  I had the caesar which i was very pleased with, the appetizer of the spinach and cheese which came with crispy tortilla chips, fresh bread, apples, and carrots with broccoli.  The entree was a serving (for two) of lobster, teriyaki beef, and one other meat that i can't remember at this time but it was all delicious! There were also servings of potatoes, mushrooms, and more broccoli to dip in the cooking pot. Oh and wine was also included ;)
Really cool concept, it reminded me a lot of my visit to Japan where they have these "yakeniku" restaurants (which translates to 'cooked meat') where you're seated in an area similar to the set up of the Melting Pot, but there's little mini grills and they bring out fresh, seasoned and marinated meats of your choice, and you cook it to your liking on the grill.
The both of us had a great time and left quite satisfied.  If i'm ever lucky enough to find a female to bring out to a date-night, this is definitely one of those places on the list. Thumbs up!I could not have chosen a better place for my first anniversary. The food was phenomenal and our server (SADE) was great. She was very patient and helpful at maximizing our Melting Pot experience. Everyone from the hostess to the busser were nice and friendly. Its not a place that you can just rush thru (at least not as a newbie). My husband had the Classic 4-course and I had the French Quarter 4-course. The meats were so tender and flavorful. I also add the 4-course Flight wine experience to my dinner. The chosen wines when well with its respective course. Will definitely be back!!! KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK!!!!On the one hand: Who wants to make their own fondue when the Melting Pot does it so well? 
But on the other hand: Who wants to pay these prices for really crappy, wooden service in New Orleans, which is a service town? 
The food is good, of course...but it's corporate food. My main beef with the corporate thing here is that I've been to Melting Pot restaurants in three cities now (New Orleans, Philadelphia, and Washington DC), and I get the same hard sell in each city USING THE SAME SCRIPT. That leaves a bad taste in my mouth. It would be much more successful and decent for customers if each restaurant were allowed to have their own independent service culture. 
I've also had pretty bad service at the New Orleans location, and the kitchen is routinely out of whatever I really wanted. Case in point: last night, no veg for the cheese fondue. 
Eh. 
Accessibility notes: Fully accessible for mobility devices. Restaurant gets very loud, even during non-peak hours. No braille menu or signage.I purchased two groupon specials for $66 that included a salad and an entree for two people. When we arrived, we informed the waitress of our coupon so that she could instruct us what we could order. The waitress said no problem and explained how the groupon worked.  In addition to the salad and entree, we also ordered the bacon jalapeno fondue and some alcoholic beverages.  Overall our food was ok, but when we got the bill, we ran into a huge problem.  First the manager told us that we could not use two groupons towards our bill.  The groupon specifically stated that a table could use up to three groupons.  After pointing this out, the manager reluctantly took off $66 off the bill.  Now this may seem correct, except that they rang up every part of our meal a la carte which means we were actually not getting the discounted price.  Again I had to call the manager over and explain to them that the bill was incorrect.  WHich leads me to believe that they have been over charging their customers who use the groupon deal.  The manager explained to me that there was no key to ring in a groupon entree???? So this means if you have not checked your bill, they are over charging all their customers and not honoring their agreement with groupon.  I will NEVER eat at this establishment again.Desserts are very good, but boiling your own chicken or meat on a stick with some Tony's sprinkled on it just isn't my idea of a great meal. I suppose it's fun to go with a group but just wasn't worth the price in my bookWhen I went back, at the insistence of the same friend that I went with for the first time, I have to admit it was much better than before. I would generally attribute this to asking the server to not put a pound and a half of shallots in the main course fondue because that is what happened last time. We actually asked for no shallots which proved to be a good decision. The overall improvement of my experience is why I am adding a star, but only one because I still don't think this place is worthy of 4 stars.
We went for happy hour because they have 2-1 cheese and chocolate. We tried the "Creamy Crab' for our cheese course which was actually pretty good. For the chocolate we went with the smores and it was outrageously good. I don't like sweets so for me to say that is a big deal. 
Anyway, my advice is if you are curious about this place, try it out during happy hour because you will save a ton of money and get a sense of what their food is like. Since my friend is a melting pot aficionado, and we go out to eat a lot, I will inevitably be back to the MP so I will let you know how it goes next time.I have been to this restaurant seven times and always really enjoyed it, so when a best friend needed to have a quiet going away party we thought "our place". WRONG. 
Service has really changed. We waited 20 minutes to place our drink order, and over 20 minutes to get our drinks. When they arrived a young girl was shaking so bad when she was delivering them that she was spilling the contents everywhere. No one ever checked on us until 30 minutes later when it was time to order. I guess they made us wait because we were missing a person, in their defense, but they still could have asked if we wanted another drink. 
Then we get the speech about how you have to do the 4 courses and you have to say who's ordering which pot, just because you get a 44.95 entree doesn't mean your friends can split it, you have to specify who is eating what otherwise she will bring smaller portions.  For 5 people we ordered 2 cheeses, 5 salads, 2 entrees and 2 chocolates and 4 of us participated in the 4 course yet not one of the pots was filled more than half high: I'm still starving.   There was also only one bowl of vegetables (brocoli, potato, and mushroom) for 2 entries and 5 people.  I had literally 6 pieces of meat, 1 piece of broccoli, and 1 mushroom after all was said and done.  
To add insult to injury, she's like "you really need that?", when I asked for gluten free. Umm, yes I do. Unless you'd like me to get violently sick, thanks.
 I guess she knew she was rude because at the end of the night she put that we had 6 guests when we really only had 5 (and one left before dessert because it was so late because of the crappy service), so that we were forced an 18% auto gratuity.  She's lucky she did that because we all wanted to tip her less than 10%.  And we're all 20-25% tippers, generally. 
Oh and btw, there were only about 10 other tables there so there was no reason for service to be sooooooo slow. They also sat a family with 3 screaming kids directly behind us. When there were 8 other tables available in the section. Pure laziness. Okay for Applebee's. Not okay when you're spending over $65 a person which is what our bill came to last night.  Why would I want to have drinks and fondue at 10pm at night with 3 screaming children directly behind me?
 Avoid at all costs. The food wasn't even that good, she barely mixed anything in, and the burners were so hot by the time the food got there it just over boiled. I'm appreciative that they now have gluten free options but that was clearly a corporate decision, not a local one, and won't be enough to bring me back here. It's about the experience not necessarily the food but last night wasn't about either.I had these fantasies of fondue ever since I saw the enameled pot in my grandmother's cupboard.  I though "how fancy it is to sit around with your friends and eat exotic things dipped in cheese."  I had notions that I would be transported to 1963.  didn't happen.  The cheese is great.  The house salad was wonderful. The entree.... who thinks boiled salmon is a good idea?  Luckily there were other things to boil.  I could have passed on entree,  Dessert was AWESOME!!! Dipping things that would be considered dessert anywhere else into a hot pot of melted chocolate was wonderful.  I have to agree with most of the other people on here that skip the meal and go for dessert.We had just picked my mom up from the airport and this sounded great. We had never been here before. We got there at exactly 5:00. (When they opened) and was ask if we had a reservation. Said no and he brought us to a table. Our waiter was a young man and was very polite. He went over the whole menu with is and gave us recommendations as we had no idea what we were looking at (: Everything was amazing!!! We started with the potato pot and it was to die for! Apparently they used to have a banana fosters dessert melt that they do not have on the menu anymore and the waiter said he could still make it and omg that was the best desert in the world!! Can't wait to go back!!Dined on 2-13-14 to celebrate Valentines Day. The reason why I am giving the melting pot only 2 stars is because of service. The food was awesome, the ambiance was amazing however the service we received (My boyfriend and I) ruined the whole night for us. We were ushered to a small table even though there were at least 5 big tables that we could have been seated at. The waitress was nice enough to explain to us how the menu worked as it was our first time. We ended up deciding on the special Valentine's Day 4-Course option. 
She tried turning the heating element on and it didn't work. Her and the manager (or whoever that was) decided that they would seat us at one of the 5 big vacant tables. The manager kept tweaking the heating element within the table and finally got it to work. She then turned to our waitress and told her to put us back at the small table after we had already moved everything like our drinks and cutlery without even asking us. This is where the evening turned sour. I work in customer service and was APPALLED that this lady had the GALL to make us move everything AGAIN to a SMALLER TABLE! This is not a cheap restaurant and the service should be reflected by it's pocket emptying prices. The whole evening was affected by the table change. My boyfriend was placed in a chair that barely moved from the table because behind the chair was metal railing so he was uncomfortable the whole time. The waitress kept asking if we needed stuff to be removed because we barely had room to place all of the food and I KNOW that they saw the lack of space and DIDN'T EVEN COME UP WITH HEY MAYBE THEY NEED A BIGGER TABLE ESPECIALLY NOBODY IS SITTING AT THE OTHER 5 VACANT ONES!!! (Whew I nearly blew a gasket there LOL ~breathes in, breathes out~) I was constantly in fear of knocking something over accidentally. Also I got charged for another drink that I did not order which added to the already ginormous tab LOL that was fun. 
The food was fun and delicious. The Fiesta Cheese fondue was my favorite part of the whole dinner. We got to dip nacho chips, bread, and a bunch of other fun things (like apples and grapes....don't ask haha). 
All in all I want to go back for the food but I don't ever want to experience service like this again. I dine at a lot of restaurants and this is the worst I've ever been treated. In retrospect I wish we would have dined elsewhere. I'm pretty sure there are better places to eat at in New Orleans :)
Oh P.S We paid upwards of 140 for everything! #WhereIsTheService #WorstValentinesDayEVAHThe key to the Melting Pot is the Happy Hour.  With every bottle of wine, you get a pot of cheese or chocolate and the associated items for dipping. Pro tip:  Get a bottle of Red, choose the chocolate, and go somewhere else for dinner.
I recently attended an after work Yelp event at the Melting Pot.  I arrived late and the group already had a pot of dark chocolate that came with an assortment of cheesecake, brownies, marshmallows, rice crispy treats, and strawberries.  I ordered a bottle of red wine and had a pot of cheese delivered to the other table. Though I was hungry enough for a real dinner, I picked at the chocolate and had to restrain myself from devouring the cheesecake.  We chatted away for an hour and switched tables as a few people departed.  It was a hard transition to go from chocolate to cheese.  It didn't go well with red wine, so I ordered an entree that had shrimp, New York strip, and chicken.  It came with a sparse salad that felt stingy and I was disappointed that a vinaigrette dressing was not on the menu.  When the food came out, I reconfirmed that I am a poor cook as everything I skewered came out over or under cooked.  I also found myself worried that the raw chicken had created a small epidemic in the restaurant, but I may have been over reacting. As I left, my general feeling was that you don't get what you pay for.  As far as corporate restaurants go, check out Ruth Chris for the same price.
The night was not lost though as I enjoyed all of the conversation with my fellow yelpers and we had a great waitress that walked me through my first time experience.I've been here before a few times & enjoyed it , although I feel it's way too pricey . But fun for a special occasion. 
Tonight was not good. Took my sister there for her bachelor party . Took 20 minutes to get a drink , the waiter (Raymond) was terrible the whole night . No personality, never cracked a smile & did the bare minimum for us (Probably bcuz 18% gratuity is already included even if the service sucks ). 4 people given one burner . They have always given us 2 burners for 4 people ! It's very necessary for 4 people! They were also out of Filet Mignon & a couple of other sauces . 
Food comes , very little food comes ! Our bill was $200 ! But barely any food ! 
Go to the restroom & not a stitch of toilet paper or napkins! Not a great placeHaving been here plenty of times. My husband and I now see why we haven't come here in years. The menu has changed but the quality of food for the price isn't worth it. The whole idea of cooking your own food but paying like your not isn't cool! 
The restaurant is dated!! Needs to be upgraded. Looks exactly the same as it did when they first opened.  The staff was okay  we met I'm guess the manager and it seems his line was rehearsed. 
Don't appreciate how there is a price per person now. Same old food as before definitely needs to revamped! Won't be returning!Too much money for the amateur service. If you want to pay for a porche and get a Honda, this is the place for you! The food was good, but the waitress didn't pour our wine for us. Kinda dumb when you buy a bottle. The manager did come by towards the end of our meal and said "gotta finish up" as he looked at our drinks. Really dude?Friendly staff.  With a versatile menu, including lots of gluten free options!  I'm gluten free for medical reasons not by choice, so that's a major plus for me.  Delicious adult beverages, nice atmosphere for a date night.  Not too pretentious, just right.  I could see how this place could be considered a trend or fad, but the food is too good for that,  I highly recomend the banana's foster dessert.  To quote Rachael Ray "yummo". Can't wait to go back!Save yourself a lot of frustration and disrespect and go to the Baton Rouge location. This one has clearly gone downhill in the last few years. Also if you go on a double date they can not split the check.Went on a girls night out. First time trying it. First Thursday of every month is ladies night 30 for 4 course so it saves a little money. Honestly I would skip the entrees and just go for cheese, salad and dessert. We had very poor service though and really felt like we would have had a better experience if things were explained better. The cheese was not good but it was a matter of personal taste and I will try something different next time. I loved loved loved the salad with homemade ranch dressing. No idea why but it was freaking good. Not really a fan of the meat part. A bit boring and lacking flavor. The dessert.. Peanut butter and choc swirled together... I still have dreams about. Got sangria too and it was good but very overpriced. They do deals for cheese and choc only and i will be trying that next time.Meh...I'd come here for a martini, an appetizer, or dessert, but not a full meal. Something about cooking my own food doesn't appeal to me.  The surf and turf was just ok, but was very apparently frozen before served. It's a chain restaurant...Need I say anymore?The reason this place doesnt get 5 stars is for there dinner. Terrible. food blah and than you have to cook it yourself. BUT....... there cheese and chocolate is the bomb. SOOOOOOOOO good and worth it ask about happy hour also......I've never really written a yelp review before, so I'm not sure how this works.  But tonight was just so upsetting that I really just needed to get it on here.  
My friend is about to get married so she, myself, and a few other women walked into the melting pot on Friday around six or 7 or something because we had always passed it and wanted to try it.  Mind you, the restaurant itself was great.  Our server was great, and even though it was weird that I had to cook my own food, I think I still did a good job, and the chocolate was fabulous.  However, just as we were about to leave and before we paid out our checks, some of us went to the bathroom.  There were people coming in and out.  I got into one stall, and the one next to mine was occupied.  It's probably weird posting about this, but the girl next to me was in there before me, and was probably doing no. 2, if you know what I mean?  So I get out first, and I'm washing my hands and talking, and the girl who was in the stall next to me comes out.  She's one of the servers--and I know this because she's wearing the same black sweater and black pants with the melting pot logo on it as my server.  I remember thinking, "interesting hair" because she had like silver or blue hair or something weird.  And she just walks right out the door, on her phone.  She doesn't wash her hands.  My friend and I were at the sink and we were so shocked.  We were so disgusted, we just left as soon as we could--I don't even care if I tipped our server well.  Who does that, especially serving food to people?  You'd think washing your hands would be common sense.
I didn't bother asking who that server was, and I would recommend everyone to avoid the restaurant until the FDA or whoever checks them out.  To the manager: CHECK YOuR EMPlOYEES?!  That's so gross, isn't that a health violation or something?  Is there someone I can call to get that checked out?  Absolutely disgusted.  Hope my server washed her hands, too.This is my second time going there and for the price I rather go somewhere els. I went with a group of six for valentines; the total was a little less then $500 before tip which is fine for a special event if the food was special. There Food is "goodish" at best. The cheese, deserts and waiter were the ONLY reasons why I gave the place a generous 3 stars. Our waiter Gerard, gave us tasty recommendations and made the best desserts that I highly recommend you ask him about. Now to make things simple this place is over priced for the portion sizes and quality of meat. The main course taste quite bland in comparison to the cheese and dessert but how can you mess up boiled chocolate and melted cheese.Went for my anniversary.  So February 18th, took my GF as a surprise with reservations made two weeks in advance. Heard great things from a friend about the Valentine's menu, because it had a lot of seafood, and I'm a pescatarian. 
Took our waiter like 20 minutes to bring us the right menu. He came back three times asking us if we were ready to order while not bringing us the promised menu. And right as we had given up on it, decided that now was the perfect time to find it. Super condescending,  as he literally described what a "RAVIOLI" was to me. A literal ravioli. Instead of just telling me what was in theirs.
Also to top it off, we had a movie to catch after. Yeah, don't do that. Took over two hours.  Our movie was at 10:15, we got there at 7:45. It was absurd considering we only spent like 20 minutes cooking our food.
Let's not even get started on how the busboy checked up on us more than our waiter.
Long story short, no place is worth it if the staff is trash. Your food wasn't good enough to make up for that.Great service and atmosphere. Food was good, but not worth the price. If I had gone their without my groupon I would have passed out when I saw the bill. Dessert is by far the best thing on the menu.Absolutely our favorite place to go for our birthday celebrations. Went last night and celebrated 3 birthdays at one time. Excellent service and fun times. We had the best waiter ever. Marcus Miller was our waiter. He was so knowledgeable and very helpful. He told us things no other waiter has and we go to the Melting Pot at least 3 times a year. I recommend this restaurant to everyone. You won't be disappointed.Enjoyed the $19.95 special. Went with a party to celebrate a birthday. It was a perfect place for the occasion. Everything was yummy!! Loved the Spinach and Artichoke fondue, Ying Yang Chocolate!! Also the Happy Hour is a nice touch with the Blueberry Mojito's!!My boyfriend and I went to have a Classic Alpine fondue on Christmas Eve in Melting Pot- NOLA... And it was really nice ! 
We are quite used to eat cheese fondue, and to be honest, we are often disappointed. However, this one was very good, the spices were rwell balanced and the cheese was savoury.
We had a very nice and helpful waiter, and I tink the place looks cozy and romantic.
It was really a great evening !Please don't support "The Melting Pot" on St Charles. It's become obvious to many. That if you are a person of color. Your business is not welcome, your money is not green! Horrible service, unconcerned management and staff. Racism at it's best. People of color spend money elsewhere!!    #TheMeltingPotWhitesOnly #KanyeShrugEven though we did not have reservations, they made room for us (on Mother's Day!). Our waiter was eager to make our experience excellent, and even created a masterpiece of a dessert fondue that wasn't on the menu! We felt like royalty. 
Next time, I would request more fruit to dip in our dessert fondue to cut down the sweetness a little.
We only ate there for dessert, as dinner was a little pricey, but I would definitely save up and go there for a future special occasion!Have always wanted to try this place.  Kind of expensive, so we were happy to find a groupon.
Atmosphere was pleasant.  Our server Paula was kind of ditzy.  Talked about herself a lot. She asked us if this was our first time, we told her yes.
We expected a little more information on menu items and how it all works.  Didn't get either.
My husband asked for a dark beer.  She obviously didn't know their offerings.  Instead of going and talking to the bartender and asking what they had, she told him, we have Budweiser.
Took forever to get water and the whole service was slow.
Will say that the "bus boy" was very diligent in refilling our waters and keeping dishes cleared,
When main course arrived, our waitress told us we could have more sauces if we liked.
She didn't come back until we were done, that was frustrating as we used up our sauces expecting to get more.
Food was good, unfortunately our waitress made this not the greatest  experience.
Due to the slow and inattentive service, we decided not to do dessert.
Will we return?  Yes, but not to this location and if we can find another groupon.I really love  cheese fondue.   Sadly, Melting Pot does not really do it for me. Thing is, I do like their cheese fondue, the traditional with the emmentaler, and the kirsch in it, but their bread sucks.   And that is why I only give 2 stars to melting pot.   Their cheese fondue IS really good, and if it wasn't in such poor taste (and against health code rules) to bring in my own damn Liedenheimer or Zips or any other two dollar locally made French, I would.   I would pay handsomely for a better French bread.   
One of their bartenders, Tom is always very pleasant and helpful.  I think if they ever got better bread I would visit more often, but until then, I think I will scour the thrift stores and look for my own fondue pot.I have to give it to the Melting Pot, I've been struggling with my weight my entire life, and I have finally found a solution!! I normally purge after eating, but having it come out of both ends at once is just amazing. Not only that, but I don't think I will want to eat again for days. I really think they should market this place as a weight watcher's haven!!!!We had a wonderful Valentine's dinner here last night.  The service was great and the meats and seafood were fresh.  For dessert, our fondue skewers were put to the test and spoons were also used to get every last drop.  Thank you for making our night so romantic and pleasurable.  See you again very soon.I've been to a few different melting pots in California and loved them. This was always a place to go for a fun celebration. I decided I wanted to go to the one in New Orleans to celebrate my birthday with my boyfriend. He had never been to a melting pot before so I talked this place up and said how great it was and a different dining experience from most places. So we made reservations and off we went. I should have known from the awkward phone conversation I had to make the reservation that it wasn't going to be a fun night. He asked if I was celebrating anything and I told him by birthday and he said so monotone "happy birthday" it was comedic. So we arrive and he shows us to our seat. We wait at least 20 mins to talk to anyone before my boyfriend had to flag down a bus buy to alert them that we were there. It continued in this fashion for the whole meal. If I hadn't had such positive experience from different melting pots, we definitely would have left. Our waitress didn't seem like she wanted to be there, left our dirty plates on the table until the manager came around and he had to take them. This was the worst customer service I've had from a relatively nicer restaurant. I was embarrassed that I had recommended it. They couldn't decide who was going to wait on us, the restaurant was not crowded at all and the wait time between courses was excessive. Another party sat next to us, waited for a bit and walked out before they were helped. I wish we would have done the same. Do not go here if you enjoy dining out. Terrible experience.My boyfriend and I went on August 29 to celebrate his 22nd birthday. It was just the 2 of us being that we wanted to do something romantic, just the 2 of us, for his birthday dinner. I could tell you what we ate, but that would take a while. However, I will say we had the 4 course meal and it was yummy. We enjoyed the food AND the service. I made reservations to make sure we wouldn't have to wait. Once we arrived, we were seated within minutes. The only bad experience we had during our meal was the group of LOUD, ROWDY girls giggling in the booth near us. Our server Sarah, was super attentive! The moment we ordered she started bringing our dishes. As we finished one course, she would quickly clear the table and bring out the next. We were there for about 3 hours but that is because we took our time and enjoyed one another's company. My boyfriend ordered the blueberry sage lemonade with alcohol after tasting mine, but hated the alcoholic version. I asked our waitress if he could get the regular one and she was more than happy to do so. That alone is worth me coming back. I love when a restaurant can do things that will help their customers. I ordered chocolate covered strawberries using a coupon I received and did not have any problem getting them. I didn't read any reviews before going since I'd gone previously before in Baton Rouge. However, today after reading the reviews, I would encourage you to go for yourself. I had a pleasant dinner that Friday night. My boyfriend loved the ambiance, food, and the service. We enjoyed it so much that we are returning tonight for cheese and chocolate fondue.Very nice low-key restaurant with a shocking variety of foods. Small, but long space.Just booths and bars. Hope your not seated by an obnoxious party; the seats are back to back.It's definiely overpriced for what it is.  The menu isn't super easy to figure out because there are so many freekin options.  The appetizers (cheese) are pretty good.  The desserts (chocolate) are really good.  The entrees--- just skip them.  You're better off eating someplace else and going there for dessert or just going there for cheese and chocolate and drinking at the bar  (hmm I'm noticing a theme here in my reviews).
But seriously, it's a really fun place to go with your girlfriends and have martinis and light fare.  Once a month they do a girl's night out special as a matter of fact and they have some pretty good deals in their e-mail newsletter.  I would suggest signing up for it if you like the food there but don't necessarily like their inflated prices.My boyfriend and I went here for our first night in New Orleans and it did not disappoint. Our server Zach was incredible! Everything came out quickly and correctly, we were well instructed on how everything needed to be cooked and popular pairings. A very fun idea. We got the four course deal, which was by far the best way to go. Cheddar fondue was good, pear and gorgonzola salad was incredible, all of the meats came out well, and the smores fondue was amazing for dessert. We cannot wait to go back!Awesome dinner and experience!!!  The steak lover's and seafood trio was unbelievable! But by far our waiter, Eustis Pierce!!  The best waiter I've had, anywhere!!I would not recommend this place!
Ok. I went here with a friend because they were part of the Coolinary menu last month and the deal was you could do three courses for $25. I had been before and I told my friend it was not really that fun and that because of the way the meal is structured it also takes a long time to finish everything. But my friend was relentless so I agreed.
So, for this deal two people share a cheese fondue for the starter and a broth for the main, then we each got a salad in between. 
We choose the bacon jalapeño for the starter and it was between between just mehhh and not very good. It had a weird bitter flavor that I didn't like. In the description the first (maybe only) cheese they mention is gruyere, which is common for fondue because it has a silky but nutty quality that enables it to work well with a ton of potential 'dippers'. The cheese fondue we had did not taste like it had much gruyere in it and it became really thick and pasty after about 10 minutes. I don't recommend the bacon jalapeño cheese option, it was disappointing. 
For the salad I ordered the California which was missing the walnuts that were listed on the menu. Funny thing is my friend that I was eating with ordered the same salad and his had walnuts on it. That being said, the salad was probably my favorite part of the meal because they used field greens which I prefer over iceberg or romaine lettuce. 
For the entree my friend and I choose the red wine broth and both ordered the "Pacific Rim" which had beef (sirloin), shrimp, duck, and two chicken dumplings. Speaking of the dumplings, they didn't really taste like anything and my friend and I both lost each of two you are given with the entree at least once in the pot because they are are awkward size. The texture was gummy and almost slimy once they were cooked. Overall the food for this course was just mehhh. The sirloin (if I cooked it on the rare side) was not bad with chunky blue cheese dipping sauce. They actually give you 6 different sauces which is a nice touch, I just don't think it makes up for everything else that is just not that great. 
My friend wanted to order dessert and I only had one brownie bite of the plate because I am not really into sweets. For this course (which is not included in the Coolinary) they come and melt some chocolate, add some nuts, then flambé the mixture with a little booze. It looked cool but I think it was $17 or $18 which seems excessive for dessert, they don't give you that much, I ate one little square (each piece is around the size of a postage stamp) and he ate the rest. 
This place is not my kind of restaurant, I feel like they draw people in because it seems like a cool idea to get to have a pot of cheese or some other liquid to cook you food at your table. I understand it is more theatrical than most dining experiences but to me the food is not that great and the prices are not justified.This place is wonderful...for appetizers, desserts, and drinks.
The entrees are forgettable and expensive.
Friendly servers and bartenders. 
Plan to spend a leisurely 2+ hours here; this is a great place for a date.I purchased a Groupon a few months ago for the Melting Pot. We hadn't used it, and I realized it was due to expire soon, so I went online and made reservations. 
My first gripe... their online reservation system. First, thank you for offering this, as it means I don't have to wait until the restaurant opens at 5pm to call. However, PLEASE allow people to pick more than one day/time. It's rather tedious having to pick reservation times, one by one, starting at 5pm Monday and receiving the "not available" page for each one, until finally finding an open spot 5pm Thursday.
Most people would give up and call... I'm stubborn, so instead, I'll complain about it on Facebook. At least if my requested reservation time isn't available at my salon, they give me some alternate suggestions.
Anyway, the meal itself was pretty good, especially since I paid 1/2 price. The Groupon was for 2 people, so there was a Cheese fondue, 2 salads, Entree, and 2 glasses of house wine included. Our server was friendly and didn't try to upsell us on anything. He brought us the dessert menu, but not in a pushy way, and we were planning on dessert anyway. The Cookies n Cream one is awesome, by the way. 
Pre-Groupon, our total would have been about $120 including the 18% gratuity that was automatically included. I usually tip 18-20% for good service anyway, so that's no big deal. I really, really, don't think the food was worth $120, though. 
I definitely would not return for a full meal and pay full price. It's not worth it. If the Groupon is offered again, I might buy it. However, I think the best plan for the Melting Pot is to visit during happy hour. Buy a bottle of wine and get a free Cheese Fondue. Then, get dessert. The chocolate and the cheese were the highlights of the meal anyway.I arrived with my husband and my 2 sons. The hostess asked if I had a reservation and I said no. We sat down to wait. 15 minutes later the hostess told me if I didn't have a reservation I could only sit at the high tables by the bar. The table was too high for my kids. The restaurant was practically empty. I told them that table wouldn't work and they said I should have made a reservation. I'll never be back.Loved the company and experience. Food was delish. Waiter was terrible. He was from a different country and couldn't understand when he explained how it worked. Luckily two of us had been previously. He only came back to table when forced. Never did check on us just because. While he made our cheese fondue he was sweating so much I thought it would drip into the pot. Was afraid to eat it. He truly didn't even mix it til it was melded together. So the wine in the mixture was overbearing. And I'm a wine lover. Luckily the hostess would walk past our table and see we needed refills, or the bill etc. She was on top of it. Then I find out a good friend had same waiter and same experience. She brought up a good point. Once he found out they were there for girls night out promo...service went down. Same with us. I had a Groupon. Definite change in attitude. THEN he added 18% tip. We were a party of 4. I don't think that should be standard, esp when the service goes down when using a Groupon. I usually overtip and would have prob left another $10. For him.....NOPE. I actually thought 10% or 12% was sufficientEverything is so good! David, our server was very knowledgeable, fast, and friendly. He made our experience so great and on point!One of the BEST experience I have in  restaurants. I love everything about it! How the food will ALWAYS be hot! The broth is amazing!!! A little pricey butt worth it! The veggie soak in the broth just bursting with flavors! I will most definitely will come back! The voodoo broth is the BEST! Seafood is fresh! Meats are seasoning great! Best waiters and great  atmosphere! Desserts are wonderful to complete your meal!Had a Groupon for a dinner for two at The Melting Pot. The deal is a fondue for two, two salads and two pick three proteins from their protein list. Our choice for the fondue was the Classic Alpine which like the list was rich & tangy. The salads were salads, nice but the Ceaser I had contained what they called "dusted pine nuts" which must have been dusted with sugar because they seemed overly sweet & somewhat out of place in a ceaser salad. We each chose seperate proteins so we could sample a multitude of what they offer. The veggies that came with the protein portion of the meal were decent cooked in the broth with the exception of the potatoes; seemed no matter how long we left them to cook, they remained hard. Since this was my first time I didn't realize the cooking method of the proteins and was not impressed with the boiled meats. Of the shrimp, duck, beef & salmon, I would have to say my choice would be the beef & duck of the four. The wild mushroom pasta & pot stickers were the better choices for my palate - they seemed to be in their environment being boiled. We passed on the desserts as we were both full from the meal. If I return, I think I will stick with the fondues & maybe a dessert skipping the remaining menu? Overall a good meal & nice dining experience, especially with the Groupon discount, but to me much better food in that price range in NOLA. One other thing they don't show in the Groupon fine print is they automatically charge an 18% gratuity. Not that out waiter didn't deserve this as he was very good, but I think that should be included in the information.Overall, this was a fun dinner. I tend to eat very quickly, so having to wait for my food to cook is a nice form of self restraint! The booth style layout also offers privacy and avoids the crowded restaurant feel.
Service was good, although our waiter kind of dropped off near the end, presumably because it got busier. The cheese and chocolate fondues are delectable, but I would advise not paying the extra ~11 bucks for the lobster tail, which was miniature to say the least. 
Not an everyday restaurant given the price point, but worth the experience every once in a while.Did not enjoy this place at all. Boiled meats with no flavor. Cheese melt pot was very bland, even salad bland and taste like it had sugar on top of each salad we tried. Service was rude.  Would not dine here again or recommend this placeThis was not very good.The front of the house staff is not friendly,coming or going.The ladies room was a mess.The food is very corporate.The quality of the food is not appropriate for the price. While I enjoyed the experience -- it was a one time experience. The biggest thing that will keep me from returning was the fact that when I arrived with a larger group for my younger sister's birthday, the waitress did not explain to us two things: #1 There was a deal for kids that was posted online and #2 that each serving of cheese would cost $10. And so, when she was like would you like 2, 3, or 4 servings, she never pointed out (and neither did the menu) that each "serving" was $10.
I appreciated that they worked with the large group of kids and even offered them a treat. However, the fact that I paid several hundred dollars for a meal -- $90 of which was just on cheese -- is ridiculous.The service is extremely slow both times I have visited here. Once you are seated expect to wait 15 minutes for a waiter to come give you the menu. After ordering you can expect to wait 30 minutes for the food to arrive. If you have any issues with your order you will have to get up and go to the front to ask for assistance because no one will come by for the remainder of the dinner. I had to pay at the bar because I was tired of waiting for the bill. I honestly believe you could dine and dash at this restaurant because no one would notice that you had even left.Although I said I specifically HATE CHAIN RESTARUANTS, here is a chain that is simply AMAZING because the food is cooked by no other, but yourself! Ha! I loooooooooove the seafood fondue with the turtle dessert ((Those chunks of cheese cake just melts your soul))...THE BEST CHAIN EVER!!! YUMMMMMMMMYY!
BTW the service and "DRINKS" are excellent! xoxoI love the Melting Pot. It was great as usual.i love everyhting about this place. the drinks, the nice ppl, and the food that can liberally be dipped into whatever you want. with a very romantic setting, this place is the best place to go for some brownie points. yes, the price is a lil high, especially for having to cook your own food....yes i get it, but dont knock it till you try it. like i have said b4, you get what you pay for. if you dont like to pay for good food and dont care about the experience, go to burger king. this is not a place for just a meal, its a quiet, romantic setting for a chat. be willing to dedicate at least 2 hours for this from the time you sit down, till the time you leave....whats your rush? I have been here at least 5 times, and me and my wife love it...obiously...but we also brought along my parents, and they didnt care for it...i guess its not for everyone, kind like sushi.For reference, three stars means A-OK....I can say, my most recent experience here was ok, and to be honest, I have had better.
We went one Friday evening to celebrate my birthday, we were excited and my teenagers even took the time to dress nicely.
The hostess was cold. She didn't smile, she didn't welcome us, and she looked annoyed that we walked into her restaurant well dressed and clean a mere 2 minutes after they opened. How could we expect to receive service in a clearly empty restaurant that opens at 5:00 PM at only 5:02 PM? I mean, how dare we? We even had reservations at 5:30 PM.
We were seated and heard a diatribe about how hard her job was. (um huh ok) She cast a gray cloud over the experience and when she asked if we were celebrating anything, I said no. I was afraid that any special treatment requiring effort on her part would come complete with an additional scowl and maybe a backhand. 
The server was nice. He was warm and personable. He was chatty and friendly the entire meal and we never had to ask for anything.  I have nothing negative to say about him. 
I wont rehash every thing everyone else has said, so in summary- The food is fresh, and mostly good quality. The cheese is yummy, then they take away the yummy cheese and give you a pan of water to boil some meat.  Then, they give you a pan of yummy chocolate to dip more yummy things in. 
Even though I knew it was going to be very expensive, I feel like I got snookered at $43 per person. The pork I was given contained what seemed like an excessive amount of connective tissues. I received as much vegetable as I did meat.
 I understand it is about the experience, however, I do not believe that the quality of the staff coupled with the quality of the meat and decor are worthy of $43 per person. 
Try it at least once, But stick with the cheese and desert unless boiled meat and vegetables are your thing.THE WORST MEAL OF MY LIFE. Our waiter, William, had a terrible attitude. He treated us like we were stupid because we had never been there before. But don't worry we will NEVER return. The food was bland, unseasoned, and you have to cook it yourself. I ordered the steak assuming it would be cooked in a kitchen on a grill or in a pan. What a fool. No they only serve you raw food and a pot of boiling water. You cook your pasta, vegetables, and meat all in the same pot of bland vegetable broth with a little wine and pepper added.I LOVE the fondue at the Melting Pot. The drinks are great too. The house salad dressing is delicious. I always leave there full as a tick with a to-go box. Cheese, salad, entree and dessert is more than enough food. The Mojo cooking style is my favorite. Also the flaming turtle chocolate is great.Made reservations here about 45 minutes in advance on a Monday.  Honestly, didn't think that we'd need to b/c it's a mon night but....it was a special b-day celebration.
I wanted to get 6.30 but then told first it's either 6 or 7, and then got placed on hold by Ricky.  After a minute, he said that it's either 6:15 or 7:45.  We took the 6.15 and rushed our asses to get there.  
We got there and Ricky (i think) was a cute youngster w/ a California surfer hair-do.  We waited for our party (4, 5th person surprise) and then walked to our table....and let me tell you, the place was EMPTY!  at best, there was maybe 8 other tables occupied....unbelievable!!!
Got the fusion feast and added a veggie plate, as well as another salad.  All of us girls had two rounds of drinks.  The strawberry basil lemonade was good, blackberry margarita...man that was TANGY!  Love Martini..sooo sweet and peachy YUM!
Cheese fondue was FUN - spinach and artichoke.  Apples and cheese really do pair well.  Salads were okay....
The dinner entree fondue was...fun but okay.  We had the mojito broth and honestly, it was like a sweet and sour water bath for our goodies!  If any of you know of hot and sour soup...that's what it was like!  
S'mores fondue...our server lit it up and it was good!  Graham crackers swirled into the pot, and we proceeded to dip cheesecake, marshmallows, strawberries, brownie bits, etc....
What made this night fun was that the staff of MP totally were begging for the b-day girl's cake (fruit topping from Whole Foods).  Of course we gave them about a quarter of it (honestly, no one else was going to eat it) and they totally were digging it.  
If you want a nice romantic atmosphere and your SO can wait for food, then come.  The lighting was a bit brighter than what I'd expect for a romantic mood, but the dipping and swirling is a bit of that I guess.
Weekdays for MP - yes.  Not sure about weekends...probably DO need those reservations!Thanks to Camila, William, and Ray for making our 1 year anniversary so special. Great service, fairly priced beers, intimate setting, and going the extra mile really sets this place apart from others for special occasions. The nice greeting from the bartender and hostess, the card, and free champagne all made us feel special. Camila helped us out a ton figuring out the menu and being super nice.It was "ok" in regards to food, wasn't what I expected it to be from the hype of my friends. Service was decent beings it's a New Orleans restaurant, very busy. Nothing really stood out to me it was just another restaurant. I'd be willing to give it another try.Was pretty upset to hear this is where my friend wanted to go for her husbands birthday. Why? Because I love this place! Recently discovering I have a gluten intolerance I thought I would just be miserable not being able to eat anything and having to watch everyone else enjoy, but they have gluten free options. The staff was very accommodating and informed. If they didn't know the manager made sure they did. I was ever able to enjoy a ying yang, my favorite drink. Check out their website it has all the options for gluten free which were many!