This is my second time staying at this hotel. Overall it's a decent place for a short stay. But they have GOT to figure out how to offer microwaves SOMEWHERE on the property. New Orleans is a place with a plethora of dining options and to not have a refrigerator nor microwave available anywhere on the property is unacceptable. I'll be frequenting New Orleans for the next 4 years and would love to make this my regular place to stay. It looks like I'll have to find a place that can provide the simple amenities that allow their guest to enjoy a meal in their room. It's unfortunate because the customer service was very good, which is why I gave them 3 stars instead of one.Details reflect perfection! If you pay attentions, you will find how amazing every corners are!Great hotel! Love the decor. Room was clean and furnished nicely. Mid century modern. Great price as well. The staff is super friendly and helpful. No pool. There is a small gym. Rooftop bar has amazing views of the city.The Troubadour and staff were excellent! There was champagne waiting in our suite when we arrived. Mini bar was fully stocked. The suite was the perfect size with modern contemporary decor. Loved the rooftop bar area. If you are in the area this is where you want to stay conveniently located steps away from the French quarter. Shout out to the amazing Managers and staff they showed true southern hospitality!My husband and I stayed at the Troubadour last weekend when we decided to do a quick trip to New Orleans and I am really glad I did. All of the staff that greeted us at the door and the front desk were dressed in causal wear, which we found surprising but it definitely did not compromise the service. They were quick and polite and we got to our room in 5 mins I think. Our room was spacious and perfect and I especially loved the closet because of the open concept with plenty of space of my luggage etc. The icing on the cake was that it was so close to the French Quarter, we walked mostly. Thank you for a great stay Troubadour. Will definitely be our choice going forward!This is the worst experience I have had at a hotel. We came here for the great reviews but sad to say that we did not receive good service and they have very poor management. After a day out we came back to our room to realize that house keeping did not close our room door!!! Leaving all of our personal belongings exposed for anyone to just walk in and take them. Where is the safety??? After calling management and letting them know they said they would talk to the house keeping manager to see what happened and they would let us know. The following day they both accused us of not closing the door correctly (without knowing we weren't there all day and the last person out was house keeping) and then said that they were aware that the door latch wasn't working (then why would you put a guest in that room???!!!) they took no ownership and the house keeping manager just kept rolling her eyes. HORRIBLE MANAGEMENT! They provided no resolution, took no accountability and had a very poor approach about the whole situation!!!! I would NOT RECOMMEND TO STAY HERE!!The staff here are amazing!!! Justin is the truth!! The guy who looks like Ruben studdard and another African-American  female staff name starts with an "R"were so nice!! I appreciate the professionalism and just regular talk with them.. Toriano helped with a small error and always had a smile.. thanks again and I'll recommend this hotel to anyone.. my only suggestion is more drawer or closet space in the rooms.. the bathroom is amazing and so is the decor thanks againWhat a great hotel. It's a newer place (a remodel, I believe) but true to JDV form, customer service is top notch. 
Close to everything. It's only about a mile from the French Quarter and all the action. Less than that to the Superdome. I was there for the Rock 'n Roll New Orleans Half Marathon and happened to mention that when checking in. Well, the night before race day a knock on the door and the staff had a bag with some water, fruits and granola in hand. It's a small gesture but it's honestly the small details that made it such a great place to stay. 
The rooftop bar is great. It can get very busy, though, so plan for that. Most folks there were dressed up very trendy but since I was there for the run (and also have no sense of style), all I had on were sweats and a t-shirt. It wasn't a problem, though.
The decor is all new and very modern. Keep in mind, there's no coffee maker in the room but the restaurant downstairs has coffee. Head to the lobby, then up the stairs for a nice brew and lounge area. 
It's a bit on the pricey side but you get what you pay for at the Troubadour in the Big Easy.I love this place. It's location is close enough to the French quarters and Bourbon Street that you can enjoy all festivities but far enough you get peace of mind and rest. The rooms come with a stand up shower, a safe, a tablet to order room service. The hotel is very modern. The employees are very friendly and welcoming. They offer advice and tips on where to go. I would stay here again.I'd really give this a 2.5, but I do think they could easily fix a few things so am rounding up!
Overall, nicely tricked out but really seems like an inexperienced hotel and set of staff. I am not a harsh reviewer or a high maintenance guest, and generally accept these kinds of shortcomings, but this series seems to indicate some endemic issues...
My notes for improvement:
No bottled water during a two-day boil water advisory, or even notices posted for guests who may not have heard they should be even brushing teeth with water from the faucet.
My room's temperature was turned down to 65 the fist day then 60(!) the second day while I was out and probably when the room was cleaned. Expensive for them, too cold for me, I and bad for the environment! I had left it at 75.
Trash left in the room on second day after housekeeping (I assume) - the aluminum cover from a pringles can or something. Regardless, not mine.
Batteries in TV remote: I turned it on to explore but then couldn't change the channel or even turn it off (no buttons that I could find!) except by unplugging and plugging back in again. Not sure what was going wrong...
Mats in fitness room all seemed weirdly dirty.This place was chic and modern. The beds were comfortable, and I enjoyed being so high up in the building. I loved the smell of their shampoos and lotions. 
The staff was all friendly, but I give it 3 stars because half of them didn't know what they were doing. Too many times I asked basic questions that were met with "I don't knows" when I would get a straight answer at other hotels up until now. 
Room service comes in cardboard boxes, not the traditional table service. 
The rooms are much smaller than appearing in the pictures. That's not necessarily bad, but just be aware. 
The bathroom was nice but, again, small, and that was shown through the lack of place to put a hand towel. There was no where to put a regular hand towel. 
This is totally random, but there was a neat picture above one bed, but nothing over the other (we had two queens), so it looked very off center. This is more interior design criticism and isn't the end of the world. 
The petit lion menu is too overpriced and they have too many complex dishes, even if you wanted an omelette. Pastries are expensive. And also, there's a touch pad in your room to order room service. For the breakfast menu, there's only this very complicated 17 dollar omelette option. I called to see if I could order off the hotels restaurant menu, and they directed me to the touch pad, to which I responded "there's only one thing showing up on it." They were unaware of it, it seems. Technically difficulty I suspect. Anyway, so they fail to tell you that if you order room service, everything is one dollar more than on the dining menu. So - if you pay 7 dollars for a pastrie, you'd pay 8 with room service. 
Location was okay. 
Would not recommend for sheer lack of expert help from the staff (though they were friendly!)Easily the best experience I've had at a hotel. So much in fact that southern hospitality doesn't begin to describe our experience. 
We arrived at the hotel bright and early (9am) knowing that our room would not be ready (3pm check-in) and simply to drop off our luggage as we had been informed of that option a week earlier. To our surprise, the room was ready and we were welcome to head upstairs! Already I'm happy!! 
After getting into the room, first thing we noticed is that although being a smaller room, it was modern and the best part was easily the shower; huge space and amazing shower head! They even had an iPad for the room for anything you would need such as extra towels, bathroom supplies and room service. The interview process for the staff must be extensive as every person we encountered said hi, asked about our stay, if we needed assistance and even gave a forecast for upcoming weather! 
The cherry on top of the experience was the willingness to allow our luggage to be held when our flight wasn't for another 7 hours after check-out so we weren't carrying it around all day! Thank you for that.
I'll leave you with this information to help make your decision easy: The hotel was in a great location (quick walk to Bourbon), the gym was just what you needed and up to date with equipment, the bistro downstairs was amazing (get the Lions Feast for breakfast!!!!), and the staff was out of this world. The rooftop bar was cool and the cost for 3 nights was just around $450 which you can't beat for everything you get and the location. I would highly recommend staying here if you're planning a trip as I know I would come back next time!First off the front desk service was terrible. The guy at the front desk had a bad attitude after I waited forever for him to come out of the back( no bell). I've had better service at a motel 6. Then the stupid elevator card reader didn't work so I spent 10 mins in the elevator trying to go to my room. Parking is $35 a night. Lastly they used to take pets and now they don't. So I had to leave my babies In The car.  Worst hotel experience I've ever had.My family and I returned here after a stay a 3 mos ago, when it was pet friendly. This last time though was very different from that, aside from no longer allowing pets. The gentleman at the desk lacked the service we had received the previous visit. He didn't make eye contact, wasn't smiling nor show any warmth. It wasn't not busy in the lobby it was my family and one other couple. The parking was extremely expensive too. Unfortunately such a huge disappointment this time around because it was my favorite after traveling from Ca to Fl...We hung out at the rooftop bar, it was nice and very entertaining. Plenty of seating, amazing views. Would definitely want to hang out here if in town again. The drinks were nice and strong. We took lots of pics with the skyline in the background.This is my first time is New Orleans, and Tin made our trip. Not only was he a pleasure at the bar, but he also recommended local restaurants. He gave a great start to our trip. Yay!Hotel is very clean and modern, staff were very nice and breakfast was included because I am a Hilton honors member. Get the fresh made omelette! I would definitely stay here again.I love this hotel. Employees were extremely nice compared to the rest of the customer service you receive in New Orleans. The room with the King size bed was spacious and nice. The shower is AWESOME! The roof top was nice as well. If you're not lazy the walk isn't bad if you're going to Canal street, about a 5 to 8 minute walk. I probably won't come back to New Orleans but if I did I would definitely stay here. 
One Con
The ELEVATORS are small and take FOREVER to get around the hotelOverall, a really cool hotel and one I'd stay at again. I'm picky about hotels, so that's saying a lot, but there's room for improvement:
Pros:
*Room and hotel itself was clean and modern;
*You have the option of using the valet for your car, parking in the lot directly across the street next to the Holiday Inn, or just down the street. Big shout-out to the valet who was honest enough to tell us the other options, which saved us a little money on daily valet fees;
*Bathroom/shower are spacious with decent lighting, making makeup application a little easier;
*I've stayed in enough hotels to know water pressure and hot showers can sometimes be an issue. It never was here;
*Tablets, nice phones, and plenty of charging stations available in each room; 
*Extra security measure of using your room key in the elevator to access guest floors;
*Staff members always spoke to guests. I won't say they were always welcoming and friendly, but they did always make the effort! The valets were by far the nicest and we never even used their services!
Cons: 
*For 2 people staying in a room, there was only 1 hand towel and 2 bath towels/washcloths. So, after a day of traveling, you get a shower to go out, but then want another after walking around in the New Orleans heat/French Quarter grime all night or before going to breakfast the next morning...better be okay reusing those towels and washcloths. Yes, you can ask for more, but why not just provide them in the first place?
*Beds and pillows had to be some of the most uncomfortable I've ever slept on. I tossed and turned all night trying to get comfortable and it just wasn't happening. Not to mention we were supposed to have a king bed and it was only a queen;
*Room itself is pretty small. It was sometimes difficult to maneuver around the furniture, especially with our luggage in the room;
*Walls are super thin- I could hear the people next door to us using the bathroom and showering. Eww!
The inconveniences we experienced were minor and for the price and location, we'd stay here again. I'd love to see the beds and pillows improve, though, because no sleep while being a tourist in New Orleans is a rough life!Loved this hotel. Service was great and the room was beautiful. I loved the layout of the room and the  vicinity of the hotel to downtown. Check in and valet was a breeze. Didn't utilize room service unfortunately or the upstairs bar but would have no problem staying here again if I was in town without my child.Stayed here with a group of 13 guys for a bachelor party two weeks ago--the staff was super friendly and very helpful with any requests. I found the beds to be above-average comfort and lucked out with a handicap-accessible room so enjoyed a little bit more space in the room and shower area. 
Great central location where you can get to the warehouse district, french quarter or frenchman street in 10-minutes. Nice and quiet if you're in need of downtime or just want to get away from the regular craziness closer to Canal street.
I really enjoyed the rooftop bar, Monkey Board--great view of the city and the great DJ (Friday evening). Would definitely stay here again and suggest to friends.Amazing service even when cox was down Friday about 5pm and no computers were working for check in. Lovely beds and room design. The best shower I've ever had at a hotel. It's huge. Concierge was awesome. Valet or parking could have been more clearly marked, but minor issue. Rooftop was cool perk. I'll stay again.Very swanky new hotel in the CBD on Gravier Street. The decor is very attractive yet functional. Guest rooms are very comfortable and a nice size. The staff is very friendly and eager to please. Rates are also extremely reasonable when compared to similar properties in the vicinity. Petit Lion, the restaurant located on the first floor, is also very nice. The menu is on the small side, but everything we had was excellent, food and cocktails. This may very well be our new go-to hotel in New Orleans...Stayed here over the 4th of July late sunday to mid week and it was OK. Room was kind of small but decorations were pretty nice and interesting. I don't normally EVER write reviews but this one I have to because of 4 reasons. 
1. First night in we had a small cup from a restaurant that we took to go and it had the restaurant's name in there. The next morning before we went out we placed the cup in my fiancé's pocket book, LITERALLY INSIDE sticking up so we knew to come back and take it back out and pack it accordingly BUT when we went out the next morning and came back to the room no cup. So this means the cleaning person went INSIDE her purse to take this cup out and if that's the case what else did she take out the purse?? Only time will tell before we figure it out.
2. it was my fiancé birthday but no special treatment or anything which is fine because you pay for what you get BUT we went out on Bourbon St got a souvenir cup, came back to the room, slept and woke up and went out early the next day and when we came back to the room the Souvenir cup was GONE. Now this is the SECOND time they did this and because i knew i have a temper and let the front desk have it my fiancé went to ask politely about it and they just said " oh really, they shouldn't have done that..." ..... that's it. lol . No, which souvenir cup so we can maybe take it off your bill. But ok whatever they were cups but the issue is that it's the 2nd time and why would you throw away a souvenir cup that even still had liquor in it!? Supposed i wanted to have a little swig before i went out?
3.  The walls are paper thin ESPECIALLY within the bathroom it's like you might as well speak to your neighbors while on the toilet and make a joke out of it cus you could hear every word.
4. On the last day there we packed up all our stuff (or so we thought) and after arriving home i realized that i left my cologne in the bathroom. So i call the hotel and asked if the cleaning people saw anything in the bathroom but of course no one saw anything BUT why would they, they were bold enough to go in my fiancé's bag and toss 3 souvenir cups so why not go for gold and just take the full bottle of cologne while you are at it. 
Perfectly fine they could keep what they took from us because if we were to return to New Orleans DEF would not be staying there or recommending anyone to stay there. We have a ton of friends who always travel and I would for let's just say an agency that has no jurisdiction within the united states and has a heavy influence over who enters and leaves the country and we travel on business all the time and I will not be recommending this hotel to any of our agents/officers/personnel. Sorry my first ever yelp review had to be like this but i think it's pretty deserving, there's other hotels in the area that seem a lot better who even have pools , this place just has 2 expensive restaurants downstairs and upstairs on their rooftop where you will have the pleasure of riding the elevator with a ton of random ppl who aren't staying at the hotel. Do better Troubadour or even act like you guys care geese smh.Nerby the main tourist attractions. Its a simple nice hotel, located at the business area.Awesome new hotel.  We had a great time at the grand opening last night.  The rooms are beautiful and clean.  The staff was congenial and accommodating throughout our entire stay!  Great location!  The rooftop Monkey Board bar is fantastic with beautiful views of the city and living room atmosphere.  This will definitely be my new home away from home!This hotel was expensive but worth the splurge! It's especially worth it if your paying with points. All of the staff are super helpful. Our room had an amazing view. Also close to French Quarter.Very nice new hotel.  Staff very friendly and helpful.  Top floor bar has great views of the city.  Rooms a little small but well designed and nicely furnished.  Great location for the super dome, arena, and canal street, French quarter a 10 minutes walkJeremy D was so wonderful in assisting us with our stay here in New Orleans. The staff was nice and accommodating. Wish there was more Jeremy D's in this world. Looking forward to my next stay here in July.Great rooftop bar and friendly staff! Everything was clean and comfortable. Nice location from bourbon noise and a short walk to everything we wanted to see.Excellent hotel. But like always being a Loyal Diamond member doesn't get you much when you need it. It's a very nice hotel with a beautiful rooftop bar. The restaurant below was excellent great wait staff Nexus was the greatest!!This new hotel has it all...great food, an incredible staff, and an unbelievable rooftop sunset!! The breakfast and room service was unique and delicious and the rooms are tech savvy...I can't recommend this place enough.. it's a must see spot during your Nola vacation or staycationMy friends and I made a reservation at this hotel for lodging for the Rock N Roll race this past weekend. I must say that this new hotel was GREAT!  Although i didn't make the reservation, i was on  name list and they gave me a key without having the put up my own credit card.  The people in the front desk, the lounge, and security are great.  
The room is modern and roomy. The bathroom alone could've held an air mattress itself..LOL
Having a nice shower after the race was great.  The front desk staff were present to help.  They even had bags for people who were running the race and they contained water, granola and a banana.  
A great hotel.  Would definitely come back.  :)My mom and I stayed at the Troubadour overnight to attend The King Arthur's Mardi Gras Ball. Don at the front desk was great when we checked in, very friendly and helpful. Charles the bellman was hilarious, cracked jokes from the lobby up to the room. The hotel itself is small and eclectic, had a corner room #715 loved the wrap around windows. The shower was awesome and the beds were comfy but a little low (platform beds)The mini bar was stocked with the best liquor selection i've seen and big bottles not just mini's (a plus for people who use the mini bar).The only take away was that there is no full length mirror in the room which made it extremely difficult for mommy and I to see how awesome we looked in our ball gowns (bummer). Probably won't stay here again but it was ok for 1 night.Best rooftop bar in the city. The happy hour menu was chock full of scrumptious delights and the beer was icy cold. The shrimp sandwich was just the right portion and well balanced in flavor. Think more northeast lobster roll than Nola shrimp poboy. The Chicken sandwich was massive. Fried to a golden crisp. And the frite, crunchy and salty. Just the way I like them. The rooftop gives you a 360 view of the CBD. It is a must.Amazing and spectacular hotel in the heart of the Central Business Distract.  Rooms with modern decor and relaxing bathrooms.  Views are gorgeous overlooking downtown.  The rooftop bar, Monkey Board, is a great place to unwind from the day or start out your night!  Every staff member is kind and inviting and treats you like VIP.  Hotel is within walking distance to the French Quarter and many other restaurants and attractions.  When staying in NOLA, stay at The Troubadour.Can I say Soho or Miami Beach in New Orleans??? That is what this place feels like. It's hip and modern. The people that work there all seem very hip down to the attire they ware. The service is wonderful. The check in is 4pm which could be a bit better but ehh. They offer you a welcome bag with water, banana and I forget what else, it's a nice touch. The rooms are a great size and those beds are so comfy that you can fall asleep in seconds.  Now the bathroom is the best. I got lost in the shower it was wonderful.  They use Jonathan Adler products which are great! It's an easy place to stay that is right in the mix of things. A few minutes walking distance from the quarter. Plus, they cater to big events in town ...i.e. Rock n Roll marathon.  They were giving out bags the day of with little things for runners.So it was my birthday weekend and I wanted a room in New Orleans. I called everywhere and they were booked or over priced because if a marathon and cheer competition. I booked a room in Hotwire and it was the Troubadour. 
Am I happy that was the pick. This place was amazing. From the time we pulled up in the narrow street of Gravier. The caller gust were so polite and cheerful. We were greeted by someone that opened the door for us. He too just had an upbeat personality. Check in was a breeze and the room was ready a little early so that was a plus.
The rooms are small but they are so chic. I mean this place is really trendy and I saw a lot of young adults there . The Monkey Board was my favorite aspect of the hotel. It's a roof top bar with couches and pillows and heaters and music and a great view of the NOLA skyline. 
The drink was amazing to they were not stingy with the libations either. I can't not wait to stay there again.Very nice hotel My first time staying here and the staff were all very nice... i was looking forward to viewing the rooftop bar however rain was too bad! The hotel restaurant named Jayne was nice i was bothered because they ran out of gumbo and they just opened at four I arrived at five however the fish sandwich I ordered was really delicious!!! 
The staff was very courteous! 
The room I had was a king sized bed (which was very comfortable) and the room itself was small the main perk i loved about the hotel room was the shower absolutely loved the shower!  I would stay here again but maybe another room maybe with two beds or if they a suite it was a bit for meI reaaalllllly want to like this place. And I think that I do. As a disclaimer, we visited one of the first weekends it was open, on New Year's Eve weekend, and Sugar Bowl weekend. Double whammy. We were prepared for a few bumps in the road. My date came in from out of town, and booked this place as it is in a good location/central to many of the things we wanted to do. We stayed for four nights.
What works: 
-The Staff--- pretty much everyone I encountered here, from the valet guys, to the bartenders in Petit Lion, to the sweet girls on the second floor, to the random workers in the elevators, were all super friendly. I had a fun conversation with all of them, and they seemed to remember us throughout the weekend. That's a huge plus in my book. 
-The Beds/Bathrooms--- really comfortable beds, big bathrooms with big showers. The decor in the rooms was minimal--kind of strange. A weird head shaped lamp?? We dug the 70's-esque bar cart thingy, too. I had a great nights sleep, every night. No noise issues
-The Petit Lion/ room service- Uhm--some of the best pancakes I've ever had? Maybe I don't get out much, but those thangs were damn good!! I had a couple glasses of wine at the Petit Lion downstairs, and they brought out some bread/butter/olive oil for me--really yummy... can't wait to go back and try more of their food!
-The Monkey Board-- we were soooo excited to go party up there (it's a bar/lounge on the 17th floor), but of course the weather was super gross all weekend. They finally opened it for a few hours on our last night, and we really enjoyed the views and ambiance. They open at 5 pm daily, I believe.
What didn't work:
-Confusing tablet system to order things--Ok, so there are no ice machines up in this B. I mean, there has to be one, but it's not like most hotels with an ice machine on every floor..We wanted to start poppin' bottles immediately (obvi) and we couldn't get our champagne cold because we had to figure out how to first *order ice on tablet and then wait around for almost 2 hours to get said ice... It's not a huge deal, but it was pretty frustrating.
-Valet-- they were nice guys, and we were told that parking was included in our stay. My date ended up getting an almost 200$ bill for parking once we checked out. Insane. Management has since apologized and refunded him, but they really need to be more clear and upfront with what's included and what's not. 
Overall, we had an epic weekend! I will surely be back to the Monkey Board for rooftop happy hours, the Petit Lion for food and wine, and I will give the Troubadour another chance. Thanks to all the staff for being super awesome- keep up the good work!They overbooked their hotel and wrote down my reservation wrong so my sister was left without a place to stay. They made no attempt to rectify this mistake and then sent me a doctored reservation email trying to claim it was my error. The bathroom was dirty and we were charged for items from the minibar that weren't there at check in. Way too expensive for such awful treatment, the Eliza Jane down the street is much better quality and more affordable.I was happy to call the troubadour my home away from home while visiting NOLA. Check in is normally at 4PM but I arrived at 7AM and the front desk assistant was able to check me in early as well as give me a room on a higher floor (13th to be exact). 
These rooms are smaller than standard hotel rooms but they used the space adequately. The mini bar and fridge was stocked well with alcohol and I had all of the amenities for a great stay. 
My favorite thing was the shower. I'm used to either hotel showers having too little pressure or too much pressure. This shower was just right. 
Everything was clean to my standards and trust me, I have big standards about where I lay my head. 
The rooftop bar, Monkey Board, offered a gorgeous view. I only went during the day, not at night since I was usually too sleepy to make my way up lol. I could hear the music a bit from my bedroom at night but it wasn't overbearing. 
The petit lion bar downstairs is also a great touch to the hotel.This hotel was great! The staff is very friendly and helpful. My room was very clean and comfortable. The rooftop bar had an amazing view! This hotel was also close to Canal and Bourbon St. I would definitely stay here again!We enjoyed our stay!! Very close to bourbon, walking distance. Carl at the front desk was amazing! Great staff and great amenitiesI don't event want to give this place a one star.  The first room we were given was dirty. Including a bathtub with former guests hair, and dirty sheets.  We were placed in another room that was not our original room as we were to have a king - we received two queens.  Since we were moved we were promised some comps that were to be brought up to our room.  Never happened. We arrived back at the hotel after dinner to find. A long line to the elevator.  They were letting up people who couldn't speak and drunks who were falling over.  When we got to our room finally after the elevators took forever the entire room shook because unbeknownst to us there was a club on the 17th floor.  It doesn't close until 2 am.  I am a diamond member and have never been treated so badly by Hilton.  This is pathetic.  They couldn't even move us to a different hotel.  They refused.  I am appalled by the way we have been treated.   The issue still hasn't been resolved.This place is the cutest ever! I came here with a group of friends on a Wednesday in January...strangely it was a cold night. We were wanting to hang out on the rooftop bar with amazing views of the city and that is what we got! It was beautiful. The downside was that it was freezing...hence the weather report above. There were a few heating lamps on but it was still so cold so we ended up going to the inside bar. I have to say, this place is so dang cute. It's modern and sophisticated with a minimalistic look. There are couches and tables. But what makes it so attractive for me is that you get your own privacy. You're not sharing elbow space with others like at other hotel bars. I can't remember our bartenders name but he was super helpful. The drinks were awesome and the frites were good. I can't wait to come back especially when it gets warmer for the rooftop!I tried to come here with a friend Friday night and they wouldn't let me in because I had flip flops on.  I just had back surgery and can't wear heels!  Very poor customer service!!!My husband our friend Mike and I visited New Orleans for the first time this past weekend and we had such a blast! Besides the fun partying on Bourbon street we enjoyed all the history this city has to share. Our stay at The Troubadour was beyond excellent. The rooms were nice and clean. All the the staff was friendly and helpful. Especially our friendly and informative concierge Carl. I highly recommend this hotel as it is within walking distance to many fun locations. We cannot wait to visit againMy husband and I stayed at the Troubadour hotel last month and we had an outstanding stay. The hotel was very clean and modern. It is in walking distance to the Smoothie King Center, we walked over for a Lakers game while we were there. The French Quarter is also walkable. The staff at the hotel was very nice and helpful. From those at the front desk to the lobby restaurant and rooftop bar, they were all amazing. We will definitely consider this hotel for future trips to New Orleans, it did not disappoint.We are currently staying here and the only good thing it has going for it is proximity to the Superdome. We are very loyal Hilton customers and have stayed at older Hilton regional properties even that were nicer, staff and facility wise than this "trendy" place. I have never hated a hotel more than this one. Awkward lobby and elevators, terrible service, and absolutely nothing special or anything that stands out. Won't stay again and Hilton should be ashamed.The most exciting and appealing part of this place is the lobby area... that was the only place that was clean and up kept... I dont like writing horrible reviews but theres nothing good I can say about this place ...  my cousin and I happen to have vacation days that fell around the same time ... we decided to get away for a weekend ... we took a flight to new Orleans and decided to book things as we go (routine)... we saw this hotel pop up on booking. Com and decided to run with it ... we took an uber straight there ... front desk, who is also the manager,  the janitor,  the maintenance worker,  the cleaning lady, the receptionist and the tour guide didnt seem to have a good day, she decides to ask us if we were staying ... calmly I got up, walked over and said "yes, how much per night". After announcing the price (which  was $50 more than what booking. Com was charging) I decided to book it through booking. Com (save a little). She then sends us to our room that had a broken heater, broken bed frame,  dirty fitted sheets and thats to name a few. I went back to front desk explained what I saw and she said she would send someone up to fix my issue (how do you fix a broken bed and a broken heater). Clearly she knew about this issue and wanted to give us a hard time ... i asked for a refund she said the reservation was made through booking.com ... call them to get a refund.  
So I did... 
Booking.com did the investigation thing they have to do and they called me back... the receptionist went to the room and everything I claimed to have an issue was working just fine ... clearly I had pictures to prove that's not true... then she said that room in question was renovated recently ... I rather sleep at motel 6 than in that room they gave me ... instead of refunding me my money they tried to offer us another identical room... NOOOOO THANK YOU!This property is not what you typically expect from Hilton.
Pros:
Location is great.
Staff is friendly 
AC works great!
Cons:
No ice machines or vending machines
Housekeeping won't replenish amenities, including toilet paper unless you request it every day
Rooms are super tiny
Walls are so thin you can hear all conversationsMy stay began on a Friday at 730am. I was expecting th normal 2pm-4pm check in time that most hotels have. To my surprise, I was able to check in early. The front desk was very helpful in accommodating my early arrival and the bellman took my bags to my room. That something you rarely see today. I was VERY impressed at the quality and spaciousness of the room. The layout was very modern and even had a tablet used for contacting the hotel for any needs. During my 3 day stay, I was very satisfied with the cleanliness of my room by housekeeping and the swift response by the hotel for various needs such as extra towels, tissue etc. I also thoroughly enjoyed the rooftop bar and Loungue-The Monkey Bar. I also used the fitness area which was pretty good. Not a lot of equipment but just enough for a good, quick workout. One extra treat was the 2nd floor Loungue area which was setup like a boardroom/office/lounge. I was able to get some work done and network in an area outside of the room. Overall my stay was excellent and I will definitely make this my regular stay when I visit New Orleans.I wanted to love this hotel so bad, but several things just missed the mark and for that reason I will not be returning. I love how the gentleman open the door every time you're entering and exiting the hotel however, that's not enough for me to overlook the flimsy mirror in the bathroom, broken steamer, and the paper thin walls. My mother and I were awaken due to a couple next door to us arguing at 1 am in the morning and believe it or not we could every word! Could you believe I could hear them rolling down their window shades too? Further, on a Saturday night we could hear the blaring music assumingely from rooftop at the weeeee hours of the night almost as if we were front and center.I was in town for a business for a few days and this hotel suited my needs well. Very clean, friendly staff, cool decor, and good location. I especially liked the Food Hall next door, lots of good dining options.Regardless of what they tell you or what your reservation says, this hotel does not have king size beds. I booked for 5 nights with a king size bed. The room has a queens size bed. When I inquired about it I was told they do not have queen size beds. So basically, they are trying to pass off queen for king. Buyer beware. Other than that, it's a pretty average boutique hotel. Nothing special.Uuuummmm.....not good, beware! As a Hilton Honors member, I booked this hotel after the reservations agent suggested it. This is my first time staying in a hotel other than the Hampton Inn. 
Since our flight arrived right before midnight, my friend and I got to our room after 1am on 11/8. We were very tired. Upon inspection of the mattress for any potential infestations with my flashlight, no critters were found. But.....I found hair on the sheets of one of the beds. Further inspection revealed crumpled sheets, as if they had been slept on......and a bodily fluid stain. Needless to say, we were disgusted.I called the front desk and requested clean sheets. They were delivered to our room for us to change the bed. Being nurses, we didn't mind. When we pulled back the sheets, there was a very obvious blood tinged, bodily fluid stain on the mattress pad. Another call to the front desk and a clean mattress pad was delivered. After the bed was completely changed, I decided to closely inspect the other bed.......let's just say that it was not clean and leave it at that. It was already after 3am by this time. So, although we paid for two queen beds, only one was available to us because we were too weary to deal with waiting for sheets and changing the bed. 
The front desk gave us a breakfast voucher for our troubles. Thank the Lord Jesus that I always pack Lysol wipes because we proceeded to Lysol that entire room, including the bathroom floor. We lost all trust for any cleanliness.
The hotel is modern with very nice interior decor. One of the bartenders on the first floor named Carmin, was very knowledgeable and polite. There were two gentlemen, Alex and Chris who helped us with our luggage. They were very kind and courteous. There was also a young lady whose name I can't recall. She was our waitress in the morning when we got our free breakfast. She was very friendly and her name began with a "D". 
I will be hard pressed to deviate from the Hampton Inn in the future. The beds there are always cleaned properly between guests. I left a note between the sheets at the bottom of both beds for the next guests. I think all guests should do this. It's a great way to look out for the next person.The hotel is in a great location - not too far from the bars or restaurants, but also not too close that the noise keeps you up at night.  I really loved the atmospher of the sleeping rooms (even if they were a little small and didn't have enough drawers for clothes).  I will say though, my stay was more enjoyable because of the staff.  They were kind, gave great advice, and funny! I will make sure to visit this location again!!We came, we stayed and we didn't want to leave LOL !!!!! During our anniversary road trip we decided to make our last stop/stay in New Orleans. We came across this hotel via our Hilton rewards app and oh boy I'm soooo happy we stayed here. 
Not only is it in a perfect location but the overall style and environment of the hotel is what every hotel should look like being that it is 2018. There was a lot of attention to detail and it really made us feel at home. We were able to get the last corner room available for that weekend which was a larger room. From the time we checked in until our (late) checkout their service was amazing. Everyone there different and amazing recommendations on what to do and where to eat. I've been to NO a few times however it was my husbands first time and we took in everything as if it were a new adventure for the both of us. 
I can't wait for our next trip so that we can hopefully find another Hilton hotel similar to this one.
Ok so there were a few things that I noticed that could us a little improvement. Upon booking the room we made a few special requests that weren't taken care of upon us checking in and decided to just ignore that and enjoy our stay. 
The hotel clerks weren't too aware of any other parking options and made it seem as if our only option was to pay $39 per day for valet parking (one even told my husband that the charge had already been added to the stay). 
So with that being said I'm only giving it 4 stars. I wanted to give 5 but however the for mentioned cons took the overall experience down a star.If I could give this hotel 10 stars, I would! My stay here was absolutely amazing. From the moment I arrived on Thanksgiving Even until my departure 5 days later, the hotel staff treated me and my daughter with great customer service. We felt like we were in our home away from home. All of the staff were super friendly and always helpful and personable. The front desk staff, the concierge, and the staff in the downstairs restaurant were all very accommodating. They went above and beyond the bare minimum to make our first visit to New Orleans and our stay at the Troubadour. Special shout out to Mikhail for giving my daughter a tour of the rooftop bar/lounge during the day when kiddos can go up there, to Alex for helping us sign up for great adventures while we were visiting, and to Eddie and Romanica for assisting me at the front desk and really making me feel welcome. I will definitely stay here again and will recommend this hotel to my friends and family. Thank you!!!
Also, it is in a GREAT location!! We were able to walk to the Superdome as well as the French Quarters with no problem.Hilton should be ashamed of having their name on this property. While the physical property is nice, the employees are worthless. It started with the front desk not knowing how to check you in and assign a room, followed by not being able to retrieve my vehicle from valet parking (which is the only parking option for this hotel) the next morning. 
After I texted the number on the valet ticket to have my vehicle retrieved, I headed down to the lobby. I noticed the valet attendant wasn't there so I assumed he was getting my vehicle. After waiting approximately 10 minutes I asked the lady at the front desk if she knew if the valet attendant was getting my vehicle. She made a call on her hand held radio to find out, only to have him show up from somewhere outside and down the street. Not only was he not at the valet desk but his IPad wasn't plugged in and my vehicle request was never received. As soon as he plugged it in I received a text from the automated valet system saying there isn't a valet attendant available and to try back in 10 minutes. In the end it took 28 minutes to get my vehicle at 4:30 in the morning and I was the only one in the lobby waiting for a vehicle. Not exactly a busy time of day.
Upon receiving my receipt via email later that day I noticed I was charged twice for parking. I called the hotel in an attempt to have the extra charge removed but after being on hold for almost 15 minutes and being transferred 2 times nothing was done. Definitely felt like I was being given the run-around. Gave up with dealing with employees at the hotel and called the Hilton Diamond desk and I'm currently waiting for Hilton to resolve the issue.
I stay at Hilton properties 70-100 nights a year all over the U.S, and have been for approximately 4 years now, and this is by far the worst Hilton property I've ever stayed at (customer service wise, not the physical property).
Bottom line...nice property, horrible customer service. Someone from Hilton needs to either come in and re-train  the employees or fire them and start fresh
... And my co-worker has added mini-bar charges on his receipt that he is currently dealing with also.A decent stay and nice rooftop, which was the highlight though the staff (a young lady) sitting on a stool the night of my arrival could use some customer service training as her greeting seems to have had more of an investigatory tone (as though my family and I were Trespassers not guests)! 
Walls are quite thin and I was awakened every morning before 7am by loud guests next door. Also have never stayed in a hotel at these rates with no iron, ironing board and without ample storage space in a room with double beds. Parking was a bit high too (25.00 across the street for Self parking and 39.00 for Valet).This was our first stay at the Troubadour, we usually stay at another Hilton property but I wanted to try something new since we were just here in NOLA for one night.  My husband says I'm a "hotel snob" , as I am pretty picky about where I lay my head.  We usually stay at more expensive hotel but for the money this was perfect.
Check in was fine , in our room in a few minutes even though we were a couple hours early for their check in time; but it was a a Wednesday afternoon.  
The room was small but expected as these old New Orleans buildings were just built that way. Everything was seemingly clean , the bathroom only had a shower but it was large enough for a dozen people. (Not that I wanted that many, but could have ). The bed was comfortable enough. Location was just right and close to everything we wanted to do and see. We were there for dinner and a concert at the Smoothie King Center, both was within walking distance of the hotel. 
All the employees were extremely pleasant and helpful, I have nothing negative to say.  I would stay there again if I needed to.The hotel is gorgeous and I was hopeful that the past few reviews were just a fluke. Listen to the reviews!  We arrived later than planned and checked in around 11 after driving all day. The hotel seemed pretty empty but we were given a room in the corner next to the utility closet. The walls are paper thin and I could hear every movement in the hallway or closet. The sink in the bathroom didn't drain, and the floors were sticky. The shower was nice but the floor was sticky in there too. We were only staying for one night but placed the do not disturb sign on the door because we wanted to sleep in a bit. Housekeeping apparently didn't read the sign, and knocked on the door at 8:15 asking what time we were checking out. We promptly packed up and left and will never return.In a great area, nice and very comfortable.  The King room is a little small but it will do.  Great view of the city of New Orleans. If I have to I will stay again.Had an amazing stay! The rooms were nice and clean. The best part was the customer service. Carl and Tony were super helpful and friendly. The food and drinks were also great. Close enough to walk to most of the main streets and the trolly is just a couple blocks away.I got a super good deal with this hotel however, it smells like one huge cigaweed smoking establishment. I couldn't get past the idea there are people that smoke all night.I was excited about staying here but it was stressful before I arrived. Don't check in online if you want any flexibility in paying at checkout especially if you want to pay with cash.
The room itself was very nice so was the bathroom except the sink. The sink looked dirty. The kind of dirt that could not be cleaned. 
Housekeeping was unresponsive. The first day we our room around 2 pm and asked that our room be cleaned. We returned around 10pm to find our room still haven't been cleaned. 
Another day we made a similar request for maid services leaving around 1 pm, we returned to two pieces of soap next to the television. 
The concierge, Carl I think, was great. He helped us organized tours and was just all around wonderful and so was the restaurant staff. We paid extra for the breakfast and it was totally worth it.We stayed there Dec 7-11. My first impression of the place was not good. We pulled up in our rental car and stood awkwardly for several minutes waiting for the valet (who was doing nothing) to even acknowledge us. He finally talked to my husband about the parking situation, we decided to self park directly across the street to save about $12. I took our large suitcase, my bulky shoulder bag and my husband's back pack while he left to park. I started struggling to move everything inside thinking surely the valet was going to open the door for me, but looked up to find that he had just gone in--if he had paused 5 seconds, he could have let me in with him. I could not believe it. Throughout our stay, I think we were welcomed in one time, and that was by someone inside. The valet would just look at us (or not look at us) and not say a word. We found that to be just crazy! Every other hotel we've stayed at or even walked in to, I'd say 85% of the time a valet opened the door and welcomed us. It's a small detail that has a significant impact. The lobby is just a corridor, no area to sit around. The restaurant and bar are immediately to the right when you walk in. They are beautiful spaces, but we didn't experience either one. The rooms are on the small side, but chic. I liked the decor. The shower is huge and tiled in a busy pattern that looked so cool. The also have a full glass wall and door, not that thing a lot of hotels are doing where you have a half wall and no door or curtain. The opening at the top of the door meant the shower was still draftier than I would like, but maybe that helps discourage over-long showering. The bed is a low platform type and not especially comfortable--not awful, but not welcoming. The biggest problem though was the sheets. We don't have expensive sheets at home and I'm not usually that picky about them, but these were terrible! They were the noisiest rustliest sheets I've ever slept in, but the worst part is that they held in heat in a bizarre feverish sort of way. I woke up several times a night to kick out a leg or shift around to find a cool spot on the sheets. I have never encountered this before, it was so frustrating. The rooftop bar, Monkey Board, is amazing and a must-see. You may get a snotty bartender, just be prepared for that. Oh and this morning when we were leaving just before sunrise, the valet watched my husband struggle with our bag and the door because the wheels hung up on the mat. He did nothing and said nothing as we departed. Overall our experience was decent but we would not stay here again.If you're looking for a nice swanky hotel...this is it! The staff is very accommodating and pleasant. Gary was amazing. The front desk staff helped us with nice places to go for good times. We visited the rooftop bar. The bartenders knew what they were doing. They made awesome drinks one bartender made us a cucumber lemonade and it was very refreshing! The only thing is I wish they would have had the heaters hooked up...that would have been great!DO NOT STAY HERE!!! 
I was given a room key with directions to the elevator without a smile or a simple welcome. We get to our room 1010, and the room is full of what looks like a family's luggage. I close the door immediately afraid of scaring someone and being shot. After making my way back down to the lobby and explaining to the desk attendant, that I could have taken everything in that room and that I was concerned about the security of my room, she nodded and then gave a me a new room 1212 and 2 free drink passes, with a brief apology that seemed forced. That night, a spilt beer covered the floor of the elevator until the morning. I made a trip to get coffee and on my way back up to the room, 5 or 6 employees of the hotel stepped into the elevator and asked if I could swipe my card so that they could go to the rooms they needed. I obliged and they proceeded to press multiple buttons, one of them taking out a card and pressing more buttons. This was taking a while and I would have been on the elevator for a long time before I got to my room as a guest. So I jumped out of the elevator and waited for another. 
This place not only has terrible customer service, it is dangerous and your room is not secure. 
STAY AWAY!Amazing hotel. Visited for my birthday. Amazing customer service. Ask for Toris for all the hot spots and New Orleans culture. You won't be disappointed.The bed was not comfortable at all. My mom & I both woke up with back and shoulder pain after sleeping on such a hard bed. The sheets were crunchy to the point of debating if I was going to use them at all. Their standard room was very small. Not enough space for 2 suitcases. I felt like I was in a room in NYC. There was no room service, even though we had been under the impression that they did offer it via their website. The bathroom was very nice. Probably almost as big as the rest of the room. I would have personally rather have a shower that's suited for one person rather than 4 so I could have a place to open my suitcase without putting it on the bed. It could've just been the room we were in, but either way we won't be back.Excellent customer service. Clean rooms. 
Parking available on site for $40/day or across the street for $25 . Every employee I encountered was helpful, friendly and accommodating. I would recommend this hotel and look forward to choosing it during future visits to New Orleans. Our group was there for a class reunion and we had an awesome time. When dealing with a large group someone usually has something to gripe about however there were not many complaints about anything from booking rooms, room cleanliness or food from the onsite restaurant.  Some members were not told details about the benefits available under their Hilton Honors status. It's a Hilton brand hotel so those with gold and diamond status are able to eat the continental breakfast for free however if choosing another entree it's an additional $5 . The breakfast was good to our group. Everyone especially loved the thick pancakes, bacon and fresh fruit. The coffee is bold and espresso is available and they also have hazelnut and caramel syrups . Our room was clean but it did take a while for the shower to water to get hot, so we tuned it on for a min before jumping in. There are no irons in the room only steamers but you are able to request and iron from housekeeping. The location is not terribly far from the French Quarter, we did a combination of walking and Uber for getting around. Next door there is a marketplace called Pythian Market with a variety of eateries and a bar. It gives a close option for food. The rooftop bar aka The Monkeyboard was a good place for socializing or relaxing. We went on Friday night there was music no admission charge and drinks were not lacking. I would recommend this hotel.After two separate stays, I'm really digging this hotel. Great value, newly built, rooms are a tad small, but very nice fixtures and bathroom. It's cool without being overly hip. 
Excellent views and the rooftop bar was surprising - New Orleans isn't necessarily known for rooftop bars, but it was large and popular. 
Location is in the Central Business District,  an easy and short walk to the back of the French Quarter. Overnight parking is $39, but there are several nearby lots that are cheaper. 
Staff were friendly and genuine, albeit not super professional or polished.Very good hotel in terms of location, price and friendliness of staff.  The only problem is we had a junior suite with a pull out Queen and when we pulled it out there were no sheets.  We phoned down to tell them and they came up quickly with one pillow and a blanket.  
The room itself is quite swanky, beautifully designed and extremely comfortable.  I found the wall hangings inspired!
I highly recommend this place, with the caveat that if you're in the junior suite, make sure they send up a full set of sheets for the pullout upon check-in!Amazing bar and atmosphere, bartenders are always attentive and engaging, seating area is fun and immersive. 
Definitely one of my favorite places to hang out and get away from the craziness in the city!So where do I start? My husband and I planned his birthday getaway to NOLA super like... I mean like almost a week and a half before we left. After checking the usual suspects for hotels, I came across this hotel with the hotel tonight app. We loved the pictures, so we put in out reservation. 
Once we arrived to the hotel, we were greeted by the staff and Carl. Our new buddy Carl lol. Have you ever travel to an unfamiliar place, only to get there and feel like you're part of the family? This was one of those places. Carl was very helpful in pulling off plans that we had. Not only did he give great recommendations, but he was able to help with a birthday surprise for my husband. He let us know of things going on in the city, great places to eat, and things to do. Carl... thanks for the awesome experience. Please continue to be great, and your awesome funny self.
We were upgraded for some reason, I can't remember, but we were on the 13th floor with an amazing view of the city. Did I say that the room was amazing? Well it was. From the deep sunk in tub, to the super wide shower head. We had two queen size beds, which I didn't mind. I actually see why back in the day the husband and wife slept in separate beds lol. Anywho... that night we also met Alina. Such a sweetheart. She was the first concierge that we worked with. She wasn't from the city, but learned it like the back of her hand. Great young lady, and very well versed in the city scene. It was awesome that she gave use some recommendations for food and this crazy swamp tour that my husband wanted to attend.
On day 2, the lobby was nice and quiet, but there was a mimosa stand. When I tell you, this is a great way to start the morning.  Then we got to meet Zeyeta. She was amazing as well. Helped set up the swamp tour, and gave us information for in room massages. 
My husband and I had a five day stay at this hotel, and came to the conclusion that every time we visit NOLA; this will be the hotel that we say at. 
I just want to say a huge thanks to the staff as you guy and girls made our trip to New Orleans an memorable one.Note that this review is geared towards the room service (or lack thereof) and the corresponding service, not our overall stay.
We retreated back to our room after a day out exploring, tired and hungry expecting to order room service as clearly stated as an option on their website. After scouring our room and tv guide for a menu, we decided to just make a call to inquire. Upon asking where we can locate the room service menu, we were told they do not provide room service. Confused, we clarified that we had not called too late in the day, but that room service was not provided at any time in spite of it clearly stating on their website that it does. My husband inquired with the gentleman on the phone as to why the website stated room service was available, only to receive the snarky response of "well the website is wrong" as if we had been foolish to even assume it would be accurate. The gentleman then stated we could go to the restaurant downstairs if we wanted food, but it was closing in 15 min. 
This did not ruin our stay, however, we do consider room service options when booking our accommodations to ensure ease and convenience. We would fully understand if a hotel did not have this service or we had simply missed the timeslot for room service, but to be told they are promoting a service that is simply not provided, and treated as if we were ridiculous for even asking definitely tainted our experience, and made us wonder what other missteps we could expect for the remainder of our stay.Where do I start? Well, I'll just list everything:
-Staff was lazy and rude...it was as if we were inconveniencing them to check in and check out
-Parking was $39 for valet, except that didn't include taxes and the car was outdoors the entire time
-Room itself was clean and new but the sheets made us itchy
-The shower head was actually phenomenal. Likely the best hotel shower I've ever had
-Location was less than desirable for French Quarter access. Not way out of the way but not close either
-At one point a staff member walked in the room while I was changing. They caught a glimpse and walked out. I (put on some underwear then) followed them out to see what was going on...I was a tad startled. They then started a discussion with me about two bottles of water from the minibar that the previous occupant had drank and asked me to restock them for her. I agreed, while still in my underwear. At checkout, they tried to charge me for those two bottles of water. Needless to say, I filled them in on my story and refused to pay. The exceptionally rude front desk employee (she had been rude from first arrival to checkout) rolled her eyes and said, "fine, I won't charge you."
I love NoLa. I will never be coming back to this hotel...