I'm a current resident in this hotel and this is my experience, all less than 24 hrs. I showed up at 10:30pm and the front door was locked because they lock it between the hours of 11pm-6am...I rang the doorbell and went to the front desk where I wasn't greeted. I then introduced myself and said I had a reservation, started the check in process then the girl at the front desk took a phone call, then another phone call....11:10 I check in and head to my room, which was smaller than described the floors dirty and a little dusty, not too bad but it doesn't look like they clean as well as other hotels. I take a shower in the morning and yes the rain shower head though looks fancy isn't the greatest when the shower doesn't close so water does get everywhere. I have a street view which is really loud but didn't effect my sleep, but I'm not a light sleeper. My biggest issue was when I was randomly walking through the Nola streets having a good time and decided to check where a free atm was and looked at my account and saw that they charged me again for a room that I prepaid for, I went back to the hotel asked them to fix it and also just randomly checked hotel prices and exact same room for more than half the price. So let me get you the quick details:
1. I was not greeted when I entered and took 30+ mins to check in. 
2. The room wasn't as big as described(they explained to another resident that is European style so it is the same size just looks smaller...)
3. They double charged me (when i first made the reservation i thought I would actually be charged then, but i wasn't and just randomly without warning they did 2 separate transactions so if you're not prepared for that i don't know what to tell you!)
4. They won't prove match their own rates after you check in. If i wouldn't have checked they would have prove matched my last day because you need 72hrs to do it, so for a Sunday I'm paying $348 bit if you checked in right now you'd pay 135...
I have this place a two when I started writing based off ambiance because even though it's small, the exposed brick and crappy hardwood floors do lol nice...that's it, customer service isn't the greatest, fare practices are out the window and street noise is loud. But if you want to stay here after all that, well I warned you. I checked in Thursday night at 11:10pm it's 4:05pm Friday and I'm writing this review...Oh housekeeping starts around 9am so be prepared for the knocks on the door but they're cool!
My honest recommendation if you want to stay here: don't book too early, they have good rates when you get closer to your date but also certain days might be booked already, so it's hard to accomplish if you're a planner.I snagged this hotel on our last trip to New Orleans not really knowing very much about it beforehand. I knew that it was formerly The Ambassador (which is what a lot of reviews here actually seem to be for.) The hotel has been totally overhauled and is now a boutique hotel. First off, the location is GREAT...just a few minutes walk to Harrah's, Fulton Street, or the Quarter. I liked that you didn't feel endangered on the walk back either (because some streets can get really sketchy late at night.) There is a pay lot across the street for parking, which is convenient. We were greeted by very friendly staff and quickly put in our room. I loved the look of the lobby and the hotel overall (love the exposed brick, etc.) The room itself was very nice. I thought it odd that there were no windows in the cheapest room, but was fine since we were only there to sleep! The bathroom and shower were beautifully done, the toiletries were great, and the bed was extremely comfortable. Surprisingly, the liquor and what not in the room was not outrageously expensive. I will say that if we had booked the room for their regular price, I would have expected a bit more (because it was not exactly cheap.) We got a great deal though and would love to stay there again!Delightful and reasonably priced hotel in the warehouse district.  It was easy to walk to the French Quarter too. Had an especially attentive valet name Charles who was just delightful, even when it was pouring rain. 
The bed was super comfy and 4 pillows on each bed, without even having to ask for more. Great ceiling fan and the A/C was nice and quiet so we slept soundly and comfortably.  Could have used more water pressure in the shower but that is my only complaint.  Loved all the history about the building.Had an issue with an upcoming booking that needed to be changed.  After writing a review I got a personal call from Richie and he went out of his way to help me out.  Granted I didn't actually stay at this hotel, I did have a good experience with their customer serviceThis is by far our favorite hotel in Nola. 
It's a beautiful romantic boutique hotel with great service, INCREDIBLE FOOD AND DRINKS as the Compere Lapin is in the lobby, and awesome art work. There is even an old cigarette machine the dispenses collectible art for a few bucks. 
Our favorite bartender Abigail always surprises us with her ability to mix and match flavors for her signature cocktails and all are delicious. I can't say enough about this place, I stay at least once a month for work and once a month for a getaway date night. 5 stars.The bad reviews must be from the old Ambassador hotel that was at this site some time ago.  This newly remodeled establishment made my stay there (12/18/15) an excellent visit.  I arrived at 3:45 am and the desk attendant made me felt as she had been waiting for me all this time.   Rooms are modest sized (actually pretty good for CBD New Orleans) but the bed, pillows and other amenities are superior and comfortable.  The staff is great.  They are really on their toes.  I WILL stay again.I was hesitant after reading some of the reviews. However, we had an amazing stay. The hotel is beautifully designed. It is not your cookie cutter place, I would use the term slightly rustic because it doesn't look clean due to the fact that carpets are worn and the floors are reclaimed wood. Our room was clean and comfortable. The maid service was great, front desk amazing, and the restaurant is top notch. One of the best meals we have ever eaten  (not cheap). The only hiccup was the morning valet was a jerk. But Martha the amazing front desk clerk took care of the problem.Such a lovely hip hotel with great location. It has so much charm. Fun downstairs with a great bar and restaurant. 
Love my spacious room. So beautiful decorated. Highly recomendedAwful, Awful, Awful is how I would describe this hotel! My boyfriend and I were staying here for a weekend, and everything about this hotel was wrong-with the exception of the room itself. The front desk staffers were rude, and seemed like it was a chore to be of some assistance if a customer had a question! Valet was a joke and the charge for it was laughable (I think it was $32 a day for us), and the only other options would be to park your car across the street paying over $25 each night, or risk your car to some unfortunate circumstance while parked on the street. 
When we were heading to our room, we attempted to use the elevator. We heard a lot of noise on the elevator while we were waiting. When it finally came, we got in, only to find mucus on the doors, and it was there for TWO DAYS. Housekeeping didn't even try to clean it, even after I told the front desk! I would've used the stairs from that point on, but where we were seemed like the bowels of the hotel and did not lend itself to stair access, and the carpet on our floor smelled like it was NEVER cleaned. Needless to say I would dry heave every time we left our room.
The room itself was ok. I say "ok", because it was small, and our bathroom needed some work. I saw lots of caulking in several areas of the tub, lots of cracks in the floor and counter with discoloration. The exposed brick was nice in the bedroom, and I liked the hardwood flooring, but that was about it. 
Spend your money elsewhere if you want a pleasant overall experience!We came to this place thinking we'd have a quick drink at the bar (very nice bartender so this does not apply to him). But, since we had such an odd experience from start to finish with the hotel itself, I'm rating them instead. 
1) when we walked in, there was no telling what was going on. There were 3 hostesses right upon entering but no one offered a greeting or offered to seat us. Granted, we just wanted to sit at the bar anyway, but a cheerful explanation of restaurant hours would have been helpful. Side note- what restaurant doesn't open until 6:30 pm in NOLA? Whatever.  But point is: don't put three hostesses at the door who can't be of any service to the hotel or the restaurant. 
2) the entryway lobby has a long bar-like table in the center. Two men were sitting there on their laptops while a ton of unknown people kept hustling all around it. It seemed awkwardly placed, and the more we looked around the more I concluded that the designer's goal was, "how bizarre and uncomfortable can I make this space?" 
3) fast forward to us walking over to the gift shop to browse what appeared to be a collection of some truly eclectic and weird thrift shop art from the mid 70's. My husband picked up an unmarked small white box, at which point a young woman hurried over and barked at us that we were invading a private party. I looked around and saw a tiredlooking and foreign elderly couple sitting on the sunken couch- also in the gift shop- but otherwise there was no indication we had crashed any launch party. I guess it's not a gift shop, despite the display cases of misc. thrift items and price tags on printed art. But we still don't know. 
4) The bathroom was an all-gender, single stall, small and cramped. And it was for the entire first floor bar/restaurant/faux-gift shop so I had to wait in line. If there was more bathrooms I was not privy to that secret location (nor the others standing in line) and was only directed to this one. A shame. 
In conclusion, the welcome committee fell short here.Stayed here weekend of October 10-12, 2014. We got the hotel from the Hotwire.com deal. My fiancé stayed here with friends about 6 or 7 years ago. He said nothing at all has changed since then. I am very happy about the renovations. I want to so badly love this place, but it has a very long way to go. 
Pros:
The AC works fantastic!!! The hotels AC Bill must be through the roof. The location, hello!!! You cannot ask for a better location!!!!!  The hotel staff is ridiculously accommodating! (We had to switch rooms because we were by the elevator and there was a clacking noise everytime the elevator was used) the valet, front desk, all hotel employees were very nice. Management needs to applaud the team and tell the staff to keep up the great customer service. 
Cons: 
The hotel is just OLD. The renovations will help greatly, hopefully. Specifically, I didn't want to walk around bare foot. The old wood floors are gorgeous, but really need to be vacuum sucked cleaned. The corner where the tub meets the other wall in the bathroom was black and mildewed (disgusting) a bathroom should be so clean and calming, this was not. I wanted to get in and out. The lighting in the room, we were in room 285, no window the lighting has GOT to be redone. I just felt dirty, which caused me not to be able to sleep well because I was nervous about the uncleanliness. Another con, smoking rooms, I'm probably going to get bashed, but stop with the smoking rooms. It's disgusting!!!! Walking past the smoking rooms on the way to the lobby so gross.  
Side note, I went to the gym, the gym felt cleaner than our room! Small gym, but very very clean. 
Again, I want to love this place, so I hope the renovations are great. I just think ditch the wallpaper, paint something nice and soothing, hell even white!!! Paint the base boards, clean the mirrors, work on lighting, get new shower curtains. 
This is one thing  I want management to consider, would you let your mom, wife, or daughter stay in these rooms with the dirty floors and gross bathrooms? 
My fiancé doesn't want to come back, maybe I can try to change his mind because I do believe in local businesses, but this renovation better be pretty damn awesome. 
Good luck.Great hotel for the price. 
Our room was very spacious and clean, loved the exposed bricks. The location was also great, just a couple of blocks from Canal St and all the restaurants and nightlife.
It's not the Ritz Carlton but at $100 Saturday night stay for four people it's a deal hard to pass up.Just checked n for a few day stay for jazzfest and we are quite happy with the hotel. Yes, the lobby is under construction, but the rooms are very nice and spacious with an different type of vibe from your standard chain hotels. So far, so good!Very nice ! Would Definitely stay again, especially with the great group on deal we had. Clean place nice staff , quiet. Breakfast wasn't so good , not many choices ....continental breakfast so eh. Mildew smell if you're near the ice machine. Close to everything , you can take the streetcar or walk to the Riverwalk. Bourbon street is about a 15 minute walk , nice place.Mary the night desk clerk was amazing.  She helped us check in that night to was very late 1am. And the following night called to make sure we were ok. What awesome customer service!! We had so many option to Choose when it comes to hotels, but we will stay there for sure.Very trendy hotel in a great location as it's close to everything, but yet outside the French Quarter, which I think is a plus for sleeping/staying. The hotel bar is a hotspot at night for dinner and socializing. A definite gathering place for business folks. Fun and a bit loud in the bar. The hotel smells like a spa when you walk in. Brick and wood everywhere...a draw for me. Room was comfortable but lighting is a bit dim. Loved having a ceiling fan...a rare find in a hotel room. Fitness room is small but it works with a few treadmills, elliptical machine, and free weights. I definitely recommend this hotel.I was kinda surprised at how much I liked this hotel. After exhaustive research (per usual) for the perfect digs to hang out for my upcoming bday, I decided the Travelzoo deal I snagged for The Old No. 77 couldn't be beat. But I was still skeptical about the condition of the refurbished rooms and whether it would be too far a walk to get to the French Quarter. Well, neither was an issue.
We arrived early on a Saturday and I was graciously greeted at the lobby front desk, which is adjacent to a recent Top Chef alum's restaurant- Compere Lapin. We were spoiled from the moment they found out who we were. My darling sis had called ahead and let them know I was celebrating my birthday that weekend. They went above and beyond to provide the best service- all the of the employees including the doormen, front desk agents and the cleaning/maintenance staff.
The rooms are set up sort of like apartments. We had a spacious studio minus a kitchenette. I believe they designate them as Premium Queens. Granted the hallways are a little dim and dingy but that is the only complaint I have about the interior areas. Everywhere else is gorgeous and immerses you completely into an authentic French Quarter/NOLA experience. We were unlucky and had rain on my birthday morning so we resigned to stay in the room until it cleared up. The thing is, I was perfectly fine doing that because it was such a nice and roomy hotel room- with huge floor to ceiling windows making sure we had enough light. Some people have complained about the smallish bathrooms but I was fine with it. I loved the rainfall shower with the dark slate flooring.
We walked mostly everywhere except on the morning we needed to get to a tour at a certain time and when we had dinner in the Garden District. It was about a 10-15 minute walk to get to most parts of the Quarter. We enjoyed it because it was my daughter's 1st time in NOLA so she enjoyed exploring different parts of the Riverfront and the Quarter. 
We will definitely stay here again, especially because the price is right and far exceeds the overall value for a chic boutique hotel in the heart of a fabulous city!We recently booked a trip on expedia.com and before confirming the package I checked out the website and found a buy one night and get one free. I quickly canceled the expedia.com package and booked two nights directly from the hotel website and received two more free. The hotel is in a great location, right of of Canal street. It is a 5 minute walk from the madness of Bourbon street and the French Quarter. It is even closer to Harrah's and the mighty Mississippi. The hotel is a modest middle of the road establishment. The rooms aren't the largest and the hardwood floor is old and buckling. There is a computer in the lobby for internet use. The staff was more than helpful and extremely polite. This is a no frills type of place that offers a good night sleep close to everything the city has to offer. It does not have a lot of amenities, but I view hotels in New Orleans in the same light as Las Vegas. I only use the hotel to sleep, shower, and change. The city is reason I am there, not the extras the hotel offers. If you get the chance to visit New Orleans, DO IT!!! And don't spend your time in your hotel room. There is too much to see.Modern, trendy, smart hotel in the heart of Nola. Great atmosphere and superb sevice from great baristas to excellent consierge. They will go out of their way to help you with anything. When i go back to Nola i will stay here!I wanted to stay at a non-chain hotel, being in New Orleans... just for one night, wanted something with a little more character. 
This hotel delivered that. Exposed brick walls, hardwood floors, high ceilings. Almost felt more like a B&B.
It was fairly convenient to the French Quarter just .7 mile away. An easy walk. (Walking along Canal Street feels like 42nd Street in Manhattan!)
Now for the downside... they do "extort" a mandatory $9.95 fee for wifi and use of the health club. Not cool, but, ok...
Parking across the street was $29 for 24 hours. Ouch.
I could hear every time someone opened and closed a door, and the neighboring room sounded like they were walking in OUR room. That's the price you pay for those hardwood floors.
I thought it was much cleaner than other reviewers seemed to think... but I pretty much got what I wanted.
My biggest complaint is our king mattress was hard as a rock. Dang.Whew! When we arrived, we were greeted and checked in by courteous and friendly staff. The only issue was our room was a box.. We were surprised there were no windows. Not one review we read said some rooms don't have windows for natural light. The only light was from one lamp and an entry light. Staff were unable to accommodate a room change that night but the next day were able to move us into a room with two large windows. What a huge difference. The room was also pleasantly larger than the first. 
Also after reading reviews I was a bit scared but the reviews did not do this place any justice. The hotel is old but that's what makes it a great place to stay. You get the historic charm. It can be loud at times but hey.. We weren't in the room that much. 
The location was great, staff were helpful, friendly and more than accommodating. The cleanliness of the room was fine although the floors were a bit slippery but made for some fun sliding Risky Business moves. The only issue was the water was slow to drain from the sink and shower but with old plumbing it wasn't a bother. We would absolutely stay here again.Color me conflicted.  On the one hand, I thought the overall atmosphere at the Ambassador Hotel was very unique.  Hardwood floors, exposed brick and beams, lots of character.  On the other hand, there was just something mildly "off" about the hotel, some of the main areas were a bit dirty and there can be a lot of noise (from the thin walls and the loud air conditioning duct), also, it looked like someone randomly got into a fight with the armoire in my room, as there was a hole punched right through it.  
However, overall, the hotel was convenient to the downtown area, was affordable, and the staff was always polite and helpful.  For what I paid, I was happy.  And I would probably stay there again.  Maybe.This is a great hip space in an old warehouse and a great location.  Had to check in early and had them hold our bags as we were taking the Natchez river cruise.  They called us within 15 minutes to let us know our room was ready at 12:00 pm which was awesome as we weren't planning on check-in until 2 or 3.  The lobby is awesome and the staff was very accommodating.  The location is perfect and parking across the street is great as we could come an go as we pleased and not have to pay again after each exit. Walking distance to everything is just within 10 minutes. Our room was large and had the coolest vibe.  Beds were super comfortable and the space has a hip loft vibe with super cool details such as the floors, art, furniture etc.  Read other reviews complaining about creaking floors etc., clearly many didn't do their homework as this warehouse is hundreds of years old and I'm so glad they didn't turn it into some cliche Marriott situation.  Can be noisy  and hectic but I didn't go to New Orleans for quiet time.  If you are looking for a family stay with a quiet and calm location stay in the Garden District.  On one note do be aware that quite a few rooms are interior rooms with no windows.  Great if you are looking for quiet time, but not for me.  I prefer a view even if you can hear the noise from the street...reminds me I'm in New Orleans.  Great Room, Great Rate, Staff, Restaurant and Location!  Probably not best for families or those looking for a vanilla vibe.  Will definitely stay again.Beautiful hotel with great vibes and style. 
The room decor is exquisite and had so much great style and flair. The restaurant downstairs is a great convenient option, a little pricey but worth it! 
It's so NOT american horror story as some dude below mentions. You're not fancy bro, nor are you cool. Don't let that review steer you away.
The staff is incredibly helpful and nice. I left my headphones there after checking out and the ensured they got them back to me in Chicago. Thank guys!I booked through expedia for about six people, at least two nights each, for this hotel.  I needed to make a minor change, called the hotel directly, and got great service.  After that I needed to cancel a reservation due to this huge winter storm coming in (this isn't a surprise, people) and the hotel refused to work with me.  
The front office manager, Patrick, refused to transfer my call to whoever helped me so politely before and kept repeating that everyone would tell me the same thing he would---to call Expedia.  He also kept implying that I wasn't authorized to make any changes (who calls with confirmation numbers, the expedia account info and all the names to try to fraudulently cancel hotel rooms?  NO ONE...) so instead of being treated well because I mistakenly chose this hotel to book over a dozen room nights at their inflated rate for busy tradeshow weeks, I was treated like crap by him repeatedly.    (Expedia recommends you call the hotel directly if notice is less than 48 hours on updated requests...and it just seemed like someone who shouldn't be handling reservations at all was on a huge power trip instead of tranferring me to the right person.)  
I get news today, 2/24/15, that these updates still haven't been made (because I had to call expedia and never did get any resolution to my simple requests from the hotel itself), so I call the hotel yet AGAIN...I call three different local numbers and the phone rang 25-50 times eacha nd I was eventually hung up on without speaking to anyone or reaching any answering service.  I finally found an 800 number and end up with Patrick once again...who won't let me speak to a manager this time because he's in a meeting.  I currently have the CEO of our parent company and the president of our company at this hotel, check in was an hour ago and I still have no confirmation their reservations are correct--they have been telling the CEO they can't find his reservation when I have all confirmation information, and have received a call from our president saying that the place is "a dump"...a nightmare I've spent hours working on and still don't have it resolved, and it's making a horrible impression on a company who visits New Orleans at least once a year and has proudly done major re-roofing work for the Superdome.  I'm beyond frustrated and I need help!!  Hoping Mr. nice business manager guy from the hotel will respond before any more damage is done.My bed had black hair in it.... Super gross sheets . My bathroom also had black hair all over the floor. Will never come back. Did get it as a groupon though ...This might be my favorite hotel I've ever stayed at. 
Very hipster and new school modern, chic and homie. The decor is incredible with a rustic feel and updated tech/art all over. 
The STAFF is outstanding! Everyone is happy and smiling and so willing to be helpful. 
The downstairs Caribbean-inspired restaurant and craft cocktail bar bring it all together. Food was exceptional and the craft bartenders are top-notch.
Even Randy's Latte became a necessity for our morning recovery.
Thank you to everyone at Old 77! Can't wait to come back.Awesome hotel right in the middle of everything NOLA has to offer. Front desk lady was super helpful. I cannot remember her name because Bourbon Street has left my brain feeling fuzzy but she was great. 
Room was a little small but big enough to sleep after touring the city. 
Awesome atmosphere I recommend this Hotel to anyone and will stay here again. 
Also very dog friendly. Gave us a water bowl and doggie bed for our four legged friend when we checked-inStay here if you want a cool, down to earth, modern but authentic NOLA experience! The brick walls, original wood flooring, and artwork are just WOW. We loved staying here and will be back!People probably give this place bad reviews because they aren't ready for old-fashioned decor. There was some paint on the floor and the rooms were brick walled. 
We thought it was clean and the staff was friendly. There was a free continental breakfast. We have nothing to complain about.Two stars for location and I suppose friendly staff/free breakfast in the morning. 
Kind of ends there with the good. I can appreciate older places, but this place was falling apart. Uneven wood floors, pieces sticking out and walking was a total squeak-fest. Dirty sheets and paper thin walls. You can hear everything. The locks on our door were falling off making me feel a bit unsafe! The door hardly fit the frame as so much light filtered into the room at night. We heard everyone walking down the hall like they were in our own room. Table in our room had a leg that had fallen off, but they balanced the table on top of it anyway. Worst part was a boom of some electrical surge every ten minutes. Loud enough to wake you up.Arrived here at 3.30pm and we were greeted by very friendly front of house staff. The room was clean and pleasant with no noise from adjacent rooms.  Another member of our party joined us from work and were able to hail a taxi just outside the hotel, and spent an agreeable evening before returning to the hotel. We asked for one of the cars to be at the front of the hotel  at 6.30 am and at 6.25 the car was ready.  Would stay here againI DO NOT recommend this hotel as it currently is. If it were possible to rate a zero, this place would earn it in a heartbeat. Pricing is comparable to other full service hotels in the area. That being said, there is no complimentary parking, there is a fee for the continental breakfast, which by the way is the worst and most limited selection I have ever seen, there was a full bed in our booked 'deluxe queen,' room (which makes sense because the room was too small to hold a queen..Room 415), the business center was non-existent, and most of all, the unadvertised state of construction the hotel is undergoing. Not only are half the pictures on the website false advertisement (the lobby and bar have been gutted...the bar being the whole reason we chose to stay here), but the construction crew was laying down carpet outside our room. We had to maneuver around their work for THREE DAYS, with the full experience of hot glue smell, dust and general construction noises.
Granted, I understand the need for doing improvements, but we would have made other plans if we had even an inkling of the inconveniences in store for us...not even at a  discount.
Two redeeming qualities, although meager, were the historical building itself, which we did appreciate, and the lovely staff. Unfortunately, we chose the place off of location and website pictures only. This experience will have me looking at reviews from now on.In giving this hotel 5 stars , only because I can't give it 10 !!! 
I have stayed all over the world. This hotel offers one of the most comfortable beds, highly insulated walls, and more charm and character than hotels 3 times the price! 
We stayed on the top floor , at the end of a hallway, which may have been a factor - but, literally didn't hear another guest or disturbance! Stayed 7 nights . 
Lovely coffee bar, cocktail bar, art gallery, fitness options and the location was ideal for walking to all that New Orleans has to offer!My husband and I made a last minute decision to stay in New Orleans on our way back from Florida and found this gem online. Spontaneous stops such as this are not uncommon for my family and I and we're always looking for unique and "off the beaten path" haunts to eat and hang out. This spot did not disappoint! The interior was very cool though they're new and still making some improvements and the staff was very accommodating and nice. We'll be back!Here for the saints v. Bengals game. Staff at the front desk and bellman were very helpful with directions and hot spots to eat. 
Construction at 7a. Sucked. They were loud when we were asleep. 
Hotel is local to everything food coffee shops mall bourbon st.  Trolleys busses cabs or walk to all. 
Rooms were newly renovated.Stayed here for 2 nights with my wife and 2 kids. Drove in from Dallas, TX (548 miles) to see the aquarium, eat some cajun food and the Children's museum.
Goods:
* The place has a cool feel, very unique and looks to have been remodeled recently. * * The bar is attached to the hotel
* The Valet guys/bell hops are REALLY cool down to earth I wanna help ya guys who saved this place from a 1 star rating.
* Woman up front was super nice when checking in
Bads:
It was a lot of things that added up to a poor rating:
* Internet was spotty 
* No coffee for the room, called and asked for some, but they never came. 
* Requested a cleaned room early (they said no problem) and they did not do so (our kids cried in the lobby while we waited on them to finally clean the place for their nap).
* After you check in they seem to loose interest in keeping you happy here.
* WAS UP TILL 2AM because the neighbors upstairs were walking around and it sounded like someone stomping on the roof.
* The closet door was broken in half and the side that remained was warped so we could not close the closet. Kids kept getting into everything because we had no place to keep things.
* Breakfast was a joke, cereal, toast, jam, muffins and hardboiled eggs with coffee.
In the end it's all looks and no go. Might be worth that extra money, but it you are young and single I can see how this place would be PERFECT!
Sorry for the low stars Ambassador, but you earned it.Hip and modern looking on the inside. Stayed two nights during Jazz Fess. Way too expensive for what it was. I get that it was during Jazz Fess..but still...what hotel doesn't even have cups in the room for water????!!!!
And don't even get me started about the midget wrestling that began at 10PM.  If I had known that was going on I would have requested another room on the opposite side of the hotel. I realize we were in NOLA and in bed early, but all I wanted to do that night was catch up on some sleep so I was ready for a long night on the following night.
Also, I don't get the walk in shower idea. Water. Every freaking where.  
It's within walking distance to Bourbon Street, but all the talk about crime we did Uber everywhere so it wasn't even worth it to us.  The plus side was the Valet dudes were really really cool.I love this hotel. From the rad bar downstairs to the nice front desk people, I enjoyed my stay here. If you like hotels that are well furnished with American industrial decor, it has cool details through out the rooms and lobby areas. Brick, leather, tweed, wood accents each room and it feels warm and comfortable. Bathrooms are clean, has great fixtures and details. There are even leather straps on the headboard (wink, wink) in my room. 
The bar feels good to sit in and it open, airy and light. $6 drinks at happy hour everyday from 3-6pm. Delicious! I had the Americano, a boozy coffee drink and the crispy pig ears. Snacks come with tubes of lipstick butter.
Its nice to see a once sad hotel reincarnate into a really cool, modern hotel. Hoping to come back to NOLA again soon so I can stay here.Super cute boutique hotel! Was there with a friend for the Essence Festival and the room was clean and we loved the decor. We were lucky to have a room with windows so the natural light was a plus. I also liked the fact that there was a coffee shop in the lobby as well.I had hopes despite the poor reviews, thinking this hotel had character. Instead I found a dirty room and unfinished floors. Still thinking that I had not paid as much as other hotels I learned that my door did not lock. I had been out of my room for several hours at this point and was then heading to bed. The front desk did nothing until I badgered several times then they called the manager. Still nothing was done because I booked through a 3rd party. Instead of try and make a happy customer they told me to contact my booking source and left me in a room that did not lock overnight. 
Unfortunately these people are not in this business for customer service and safety and would rather just churn people in and out.WILL NEVER STEP FOOT IN THERE AGAIN!
The rooms are drab, outdated, NOT CLEAN, loud. My bathroom had standing water in it the entire stay. The sheets are sticky, no real comforter, just a gross felt throw with a cover that feels like window curtains. You can hear everything from the neighboring rooms, including when they use their bathroom (pleasant right?). It is also across the street from a bar that has an outside patio, so you can hear everything from there as well.
Now the staff -- they smile and they are friendly. But they are completely incompetent at their jobs and cannot fulfill even the simplest tasks. I had the SAME request every single day, for 5 days, and not once was it taken care of. I followed up several times and day, nothing. 
Front desk called me at 11:30 pm telling me I was supposed to check out that morning when I had 2 days left on my reservation.  There are so many things wrong with that sentence.
I usually don't write bad reviews but this place is God awful and I will NEVER go there again. I checked out a day early to stay elsewhere. This place is terribleOkay, Im so on the fence about Ambassador its not even funny. 
First and foremost, we couldn't check in until 4 p.m. after one of the managers advised me that I would be able to check in early because of my red eye flight.  To be fair, we knew the check in was at 4 but a lot of place accommodate to those people arriving after red eye flights plus I was told that they could make it happen.
After we finally checked in, we came upstairs and low and behold the key cards weren't working. Umm I should've known this because the guy at the front desk wasn't even paying attention checking us in. 
Once we got to the room, I felt a very cozy vibe but it was wayyy too cold and the blankets were too thin to sleep with. Beware of the floors because they are sticky and very squeaky, we almost felt unsafe to walk. 
The shower head was extremely weak though I appreciated the organic shampoo and conditioner they provided even though we had brought our own toiletries.
There was very little closet space to hang any clothes but room did come with a coffee maker, iron, blower dryer in the bathroom and a flat screen TV. 
The best part about the room were the beds. They were very comfortable and the pillows were soft. Ask for extra blankets because the sheets are very thin. Yes, this is New Orleans in Spring and it was extremely humid outside but inside the hotel it was freezing.
On a positive note, the staff was very friendly with a few exceptions. Lauren the concierge was actually very helpful with planning our tours and booking restaurant and performance reservations. She really knew a lot about New Orleans and everything this amazing city has to offer, which I appreciated.
All in all, this is a good hotel to stay at if you're just going to sleep, shower, and get ready to hit the town. It is about 6 blocks from the French Quarter and Bourbon street so a very good location. Its not particularly luxurious or relaxing but its comfortable enough. I probably won't be staying here again because of the $10 mandatory fee for the hotel plus the $30 parking so instead of paying extra fees I will be staying at a 4 or 5 star hotel which will end up being the same price anyway.What a fun little hotel in the Warehouse district. They're renovating, but inside the rooms you really can't tell. 
The staff is SUPER friendly. We got in at 4 am and they weren't the least be inconvenienced. They cautioned is against using their valet service (it's expensive) and told us where to find cheaper parking. Cool, right? Nice that they were concerned about us and not about robbing us. 
The beds are AWESOME. Seriously. It's almost unfair. There's so much city to see and I don't want to get out of this thing. And the room seems to stay cool on it's own. Huge plus! Nothing sucks like waking up hot.
I'd love to give this 5 stars, but I can't because of the noise. The walls are paper thin. You can hear conversations in the rooms next to you and above you and when those people start partying, whoa. I stayed here with a baby and she almost woke up multiple times.
So maybe not baby friendly, or the place to go if you want to sleep, but a great hotel otherwise!We stayed here on our cross country road trip and we loved everything about this place ! I probably said "I want to live in this hotel " to my boyfriend 100 times everything was great the decor the staff the restaurant and especially the coffee downstairs hands down the BEST iced coffee I have ever had! We had our dog with us and upon our arrival they gave him a toy which was so nice! If we ever go to NOLA again we will definitely be staying at old no 77Awesome hotel, so glad I found it and booked it for my first NOLA experience! Unlike some other reviews, I did not notice any bad smells, major dirtiness or rambunctious noises. Of course, this may have to do with the fact that we stayed the middle of the week shortly after school starting and right before a hurricane. The rooms were very well done, modern industrial feel with any amenities one could hope for. Shortly after checking in, when heading out for dinner, I stopped by the front desk to shamelessly announce that I was in town for my 30th bday. I was very impressed with the special accommodations that were extended to me. Only had breakfast at the restaurant, which was tasty, as well as their frozen adult beverages. I loved that they were dog friendly and didn't charge an arm and a leg for that amenity. Not too many grassy areas to walk the pups, but there was a park just a couple blocks away. Harrahs casino was right around the corner and it was just a 6$ uber to bourbon street! The only aspect that made me cringe was the 36$/night valet parking, but that being said, from what I understand that's the norm for that area. There was a pay and display lot across the street but that would have ended up being even more expensive. I would not hesitate, and would even look forward to staying here next time I am in town.
Ah yes, I forgot to mention the absolutely lovely front desk woman was named KC. Also, the gentleman at the valet stand were always lovely, opening doors and helping us load the car upon departure.BEWARE: BEDBUGS! Hello, fellow Yelpers. I stayed in this illustrious bug hotel over a weekend and came home covered in red, itchy bites, which took a few days to develop fully. I was totally freaked-out that I may have brought them home with me and contacted The Ambassador hotel immediately. They told me that they would have a pest specialist check it out and get back to me. That's when the communication ceased. THEY AREN'T EVEN ACKNOWLEDGING THE PROBLEM! I didn't care about any refund-I told them this-and all they wanted me to know was that it wasn't a cleanliness issue. Really? Bugs living in your beds, feeding on your customers, and this ISN'T a cleanliness issue? I was under the impression that I was to be the only tenant in that room! STAY AWAY, lest you bring back more from your trip than souvenirs purchased in the Frenchman!Everything is just off - restaurant only half full but we inexplicably were seated next to a loud brunch group. Upon check in, our keys didn't work, so we trudged back down. That set of keys DID work but there was someone in the room (so sorry, honeymooners). It turns out we were assigned to a different room than the one the front desk wrote down. We were supposed to be in a queen, the room was a double. The coffee bar forgot our cafe au lait. The restaurant forgot the granola. There were two of us but only one robe and that robe was missing a belt. It's not an inexpensive hotel but the experience is really subpar.Came to New Orleans for business and this is my second time staying here. The historic vibe has been tastefully upgraded with bare hardwood floors, one exposed brick wall, designer bathroom features and a large window. Unique features like the mirror hanging from a leather strap and the well stocked bar with local literature make it a fun and funky place to lay your head. Great hospitality doesn't hurt.
Challenge: small bathroom and limited lighting.Wonderful workweek experience. Not only is the location perfect and the value second to none, but the actual rooms make you not want to leave and explore the city. Very high ceilings, full wall windows, exposed original brick and utilities, and an actually affordable minibar!! Staff is very attentive and friendly. The flooring in the hallways are like you are hiking through a rocky pass due to the age of the building...little strange but awesome really.Really loved the look of this hotel...beds were comfy, restaurant/bar area was fun and busy with delicious food.  I can't stay here again though because there's no coffee available before 6:30am.  The first night I walked to another nearby hotel and got coffee from them ~ the second day we called room service (doesn't start til 7am), no coffee pot in the room, and the bar doesn't make coffee til 630am.Located on a street that took nearly 2 days to pronounce properly (chupi-too-las), is a decent hotel to stay in. About 6 very short blocks from Bourbon Street, it's far enough away from the crazy "it's forever spring break" street, but close enough to walk there. 
The hotel has brick walls and high ceilings, reminding me of DTLA lofts. The walls are thin and you can hear the clattering of people walking and the muffled voices. The room door has a large glass panel and is covered with blinds. The ever illuminating light in the hallways pokes through the blinds and causes sleep deprivation. May I suggest blindfolds?
The staff is very nice and accommodating. They supposedly offer a free continental breakfast, but Cafe Du Monde and other places are so close and probably better tasting that it's best to pass.
Shuttle service is offered to and from the airport for $27 (?) per person. It's cheaper to get a taxi for $33 per trip ($1/extra person).
Despite it's minor flaws, the price can't be ignored.Great location.  Awesome bar. Wonderful restaurant.  Housekeeping leaves much to be desired. Out of the six nights we stayed there, we had to ask for our room to be serviced four times when we returned to the hotel. Ok, we left the room later than other tourists, but why don't they have a system in place to do a final sweep of each floor to see which rooms are outstanding?  No soap dish in the bath.  Didn't replace the bar of soap on the sink.  The room is too small for a week....only one...yes, one drawer.  I didn't expect to live out of my suitcase.  My daughter didn't have a key to her mini fridge until the day before we left. Nor, a Do Not Disturb sign. A small thing, and I'm sure the hotel will tighten up to match the quality of the restaurant and bar.Forgot to write a review for this place.  I stayed here last year for my birthday.  Rooms were great and remodeled with lots of exposed brick. and it's really centrally located where you can walk almost to anywhere including the French quarter, casino, museums and restaurants.  We didn't even rent a car or need one.  Only bad thing was when I visited in December 2014, they were under construction, so the lobby and breakfast area weren't really completed yet.  I'd love to come back and see how it looks now as I'm sure it's completed.The building definitely had some character. We were looking for an experience unique to New Orleans and this fit the bill. 
The room was clean. Our room had a very high ceiling and a gigantic window, which made for a nice ambience in the room. The valets were pleasant and efficient. Convenient walk to everything you need to see at a reasonable price. 
In terms of the restaurant downstairs, just skip it and go somewhere else. My boyfriend and I both ordered a burger. However, my burger was a completely different burger, a frozen hockey puck, because they ran out of meat. I would've just appreciated honesty instead of trying to pull the wool over my eyes. However, the waitress noted that there was a large difference in quality and decided not to charge us for the second burger, which was appreciated. 
On a side note, we heard a woman complaining about bed bugs and how the hotel would not comp her stay. We do not know the validity of her claim, but we thought it was worth noting since it has been mentioned in reviews before.I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Ambassador with two friends.  We had some trouble finding a room in the city due to a convention that weekend, so Ambassador wasn't my first choice, especially after reading some terrible reviews.  Although the hotel comments on the construction on their website when I booked the room, I was unaware of how extensive the work site actually was until I arrived.  The extent of the renovations in my opinion made the hotel nonfunctioning.  It's appearance was horrendous and I felt like I literally was staying at a construction site.  
When I entered the facility, the carpets, walls, and baggage carriers were stained and very dirty.  We walked what felt like a mile to get to our room and some hallways were barely lit.  We got lost several times in finding the elevator to our room.  Once we arrived in the room, we noticed loud construction noises, very little light and one window that faced a room with construction, and the walls so thin, it felt like our neighbors were in our room.  The pipes would clank so loud every 10 minutes, we would wake up from the noise.  The toilet would run loudly for literally 15 minutes until at some point I wiggled the hose coming from the toilet and it stopped temporarily, but returned again.  We were then woken up at 7am by drilling, hammering, and sawing coming directly from next door.  When I called the front, they pretended like they didn't know there was construction happening even though the whole hotel was undergoing it!!  They offered to move us to another room.
We were moved to another room that was nicer and had less issues, but sure enough the next morning at 7am, we were woken by construction again.  I called down to the lobby and again, the hotel acted like they weren't aware of any construction happening.  In my opinion, this hotel seems like it needs the renovations, but shouldn't keep its facility opened with that much going on as it's not fair to it's guests paying as much as they do.  Or at least offer a hefty discount while construction is going on.  
On a good note, the hotel was in a good location and the beds were super comfy.  Staff was nice besides the acting oblivious to the construction work.  All in all, I would not stay here again.My fiancé and I booked this hotel through the hotel tonight app. I don't normally do reviews on Yelp about hotels but Kyle made our stay beyond expectations. He was extremely attentive to my fiancé and I. Kyle honestly made our experience at The Old No 77 a one to remember. He was so kind and made sure our stay was up to our expectations. There was a lot of closed roads due to the marti gras parades which made it difficult to get to the hotel and we would have had a mundane experience if it weren't for Kyle's satisfactory customer service. I later found out he wasn't even on the clock when he provided his profound services. Thanks again for going out of your way to make sure our stay was exceptional. I would highly recommend this hotel and furthermore would highly recommend running into the restaurant manager, Kyle.Location is one of the best things going for The Old No 77, easily within walking distance of all the main places to visit in New Orleans and right in the middle of a warehouse district with plenty of options as well. 
Free WiFi is another great perk, it worked throughout the hotel, the signal was very strong and you didn't have to continually put in a password for access. No disconnections during my entire visit.
Place is aiming for a hipster clientele with their artsy decor and openness to animals, I don't need or care for either but I can see the appeal.  Biggest issue with the place is the lack of noise canceling walls, I could hear everything happening in the hallways outside of the room, this made for difficult times when trying to rest.  Beds were comfortable though and while TV isn't normally important to be while traveling, they have a lot of premium cable channels for those inclined.
Bathroom is a bit odd, the lack of a shower door does lead to water on the floor, throw a towel down and problem solved but can be a bit annoying. Bathroom door isn't clear but can be seen through as silouette, as most people travel with friends or family, it shouldn't be an issue, why would you be staring at a bathroom door while someone is in there I wouldn't know.
Staff was ehh, nothing special about them, the few needs I had were met but they didn't go above and beyond in the effort to be friendly or overly welcoming.
Would stay again on future trips for New Orleans, the price and location are worth it.This hotel was a bit of a disappointment.  At check-in they asked for a $9.50 per day fee for wifi, continental breakfast, and access to the gym, which I thought was strange and an unpleasant surprise--I had figured all of these things were considered part of the price for a night here, like every other hotels I've ever stayed at.  The continental breakfast was not very comprehensive, the gym actually looked nice, and the staff was pretty nice, especially the young concierge staff seemingly trying hard to please the manager.  The location was ok if you want something not quite in the French quarter but walkable.  The room was small and had a strangely spacious bathroom that took up a lot of the unit, but was also charmingly vintage and cozy.  It reminded me of a New York city studio apartment with a little bit bigger bathroom.  The front desk asked us to wait for their particular taxi company when we left, but we hailed one that was nearby before that one came (not a huge deal but the taxi driver said that the hotel has some kind of commission/sales deal with certain taxis).
Overall, not terrible, but I probably wouldn't stay here again, and will probably read more reviews before choosing a hotel by (what I thought was an inclusive) price!This is a dump.  Rude staff.  No windows to the outside in most rooms.  Mold mold mold.  Dirty rooms, old thin linens, bathrooms from hell.   Do not give these crooks your money!!!!!!!!Got a room here for one night after working in LA Place. Great location, close to many bars and restaurants, and even has one inside that I missed because they closed at 10. Literally took less than 5 minutes to walk to Harrahs Casino. The decor was right up my alley, exposed brick, funky antique retro, awesome mini bar, good updated bathroom and fixtures. It even had a romantic vibe to it. There's really dope artwork in the 1st floor as well as scattered around the building. Anyways I will definitely be staying again. *Bonus points- I lost my credit card and a gentleman named Zachary was very helpful and quick to help me get it back, phewww. Thanks Zachary!We stayed here and absolutely LOVED this place. Great location and easy to walk to everything around. We only took a cab once to the French Quarter, but decided the rest of our stay it was worth the walk. Close to restaurants, the Aquarium, the nightlife.
I loved the decor, the staff was friendly and that bed was so comfortable!!! I was sad to go.
The room price was great; which we went to Priceline for and made checking in and out effortless.A lot of things have to happen to make a hotel provide service this poorly. The front desk is incompetent. The staff is uncaring and indifferent. I have seen better bathrooms in a $49 dollar motel 6. The "free" continental breakfast that they force you to pay $9.95 for is nothing more than a bunch of bread on a table with a toaster. I recommend spending your money elsewhere.1) Here's the kicker: a colleague of mine got stuck in the elevator for 15 minutes.  He rang the alarm button and, although it rang, no one responded.  After finally prying himself out he went to the front desk and saw an attendant and a bellhop standing around.  He told them what had happened and instead of offering apologies or showing any concern, the two men mouthed off at him.  
2) Upon arrival, there was only one person at the front desk and she was terribly slow.  It took about 10 minutes each for me and the people in front of me to check in.  When I was finally checked in, the line to check in was eight people deep.  Eight people time 10 minutes each - you do the match.  I observed this each day I was there.  
3) Upon arrival, my colleague had urine on his toilet seat where it clearly hadn't been cleaned.  Luckily it was his room and not mine; he simply wiped it off and didn't complain.
4) The sheets on my bed were not changed or even made after my first night there.  I did have a small bag on my bed so that may have been the excuse.  My colleague's bed, however, was also not made and his bed was clear.  I called downstairs to ask for it to be changed and was told that there were not cleaning staff available.  The manager was also unavailable.  
5) The following night, my sheets were changed, but the new sheets had a large hole in them.  There also was a giant ball of dust and hair left in my bathroom, longer than the length of a dollar bill.  By this point I knew calling downstairs would be a moot point.
6) The hotel charges a mandatory $9.99 per night amenity fee for use of the fitness center, safe deposit box, and WiFi.  This is not mentioned by Priceline up front, and only in very small print did I learn that Priceline.com requires guests to pay all mandatory "resort fees".  I understand having to pay a resort fee, and have paid many in my life.  This dump is not a resort and the mandatory fee is hidden  and unethical; if it's mandatory it should be included in Priceline's upfront price.  
7) The internet is too slow to stream Netflix, much less accomplish any productive work.  
The following morning, the manager, again, was not available.  I called during the day and was transferred to his voicemail because he was not in; the voicemail was full and I was unable to leave a message.  Apparently lots of people are calling him with complaints.  I checked out the following morning.  At check out I again asked to speak to a manager.  He was at the property but couldn't speak with me promptly.  I had to catch my flight so left my phone number with the front desk and asked him to call.  He never returned my call.  It's a shame because the hotel is in a fantastic location between the French Quarter and the Convention Center and has the potential to be a cute boutique option if it were better managed.They are currently undergoing reconstruction and the entire hotel is just very unattractive. I felt mislead by the website photographs and what I actually observed once I arrived. I had to book last minute and it was the only hotel remotely close to the French quarter with room openings..I should have expected something. The room itself had very creaky old wooden floors and was small. The hallways are windy and seem disorganized. We had to have our room key recoded multiple times (and we made sure it wasn't sitting by any electronics that would demagnetized them). The walls were paper thin. The wifi was slow...could not stream videos on YouTube for example. Your stay comes with a modest continental breakfast which I actually enjoyed given that most hotels do not do this anymore. The staff is also very accommodating and I think they understand the frustration of many customers given the transition appearance of their hotel. We were able to have $80 returned when we expressed some dissatisfaction. Overall, wouldn't recommend coming here until after the renovation is complete!Thank you so much to the staff for making our wedding weekend amazing. We received an UNREAL group rate for our wedding guests. Caitlin and Alan (our block coordinators) went above and beyond to accommodate our ever-expanding room requirements, honoring the group rate far beyond our 10 courtesy rooms on the block. 
My aunt got a flat tire and the valet changed the tire in ten minutes and gave her a list of locations where she could get a new tire. Wow!
The rooms were modern, tidy, and adorable. Our guests loved the bar downstairs, and Compere Lapin was phenomenal! 
Highly recommended!!The best new hotel in this city! The room we stayed in was spacious and the bed was like sleeping on a cloud. Bed linens are made Egyptian cotton imported from Italy. Everything about this hotel is modern. The staff was top notch from the time we checked in until we checked out. I asked for a 1pm checkout and it was granted. Late check out is a big deal for me. Parking across the street is reasonable for $25 for 24 hours and hotel valet is $32. Some of the reviews have suggested parking your car on the street after 6pm and moving it to a lot for the early bird special before 8am. Street parking is enforced Mon-Sat 8am-6pm. When we checked out of the hotel today there was a few cars with those bright orange tickets on the windshields.The photos are deceiving in that few rooms have windows and if it does have a window it's facing a brick wall and lets in little-to-no light. So that was sort of a bummer. The first room we checked into didn't have a tub, which was totally a no-go for me. I will say that when I called down they swapped the room right away and provided a room with a tub. I was also surprised by the service we received when we initially checked in. We were told that the elevator wasn't working and that we'd have to take the stairs, which, okay, fine but when it was time to retrieve our bags (we had arrived prior to our room being ready--which is another story) instead of getting them for us and bringing them to the room, we were led to this weird staff room/closet space, grabbed our our bags and had no offer to bring them to the room for us. WTF. As for the checking in aspect, it was no issue that we couldn't check in early (we were, in fact, very early) but that had said that they'd call when the room was ready. Needless to say, based on my two-star review, they never called. The materials of the room (old wooden floors and slate-type tile in the bathrooms) never seemed that clean, also due in part to the nature of the material but it just didn't have that shiny-sparkling-fresh-hotel-room feel. All in all, unless you are guaranteed a room with a bonafide window and/or are deadset on staying in a trendy boutique-type hotel, I'd recommend going across the street to the Loews, who, by the way, had a SAUNA and POOL (no real amenities to speak of at Old No. 77). Womp, womp.I literally created a yelp because I was so pleased with the customer service I received from the Ambassador Hotel. I booked this hotel because the prices were so much better than the other hotels in the area. I was initially supposed to stay at the Ambassador hotel for two nights in June. I have not been to the Ambassador Hotel, but was told by a friend that the newer rooms looked amazing! I made a facebook status about my stay and they totally shouted me out! I called and customer service was so friendly. I had to change my reservation and Angela spoke with me and helped me with all the details! I honestly don't understand why the reviews are bad b/c every interaction I have had with this hotel has been positive and friendly. I can't wait until my trip to New Orleans and am looking forward to my stay!Great location but hotel is old, under construction right now and was very dusty. Very pricy for the service!!!Dump!  Worthless dump!  Staff is worthless rude and dumb.  Rooms have no windows. Its a rat trap roach motel.  Mold mold mold.  Firetrap!The location was great, the Hotel staff are very friendly and helpful. My first night I was in a room backing onto the elevator shaft. The noise of grinding cables were not pleasant and immediately upon asking I was moved to another room. Front desk actually brought the keys up to the room for me. Great restaurant and bar!  Both my rooms didn't have a window or natural light. Surprisingly, this didn't bother me much. I would certainly stay here again.I was here with 6 other girls and the hotel is nice but Josh at the front desk was super chill. Thanks Josh!An ok hotel.  Somewhat interesting decor but pretty dark and not at all "charming."
Far and away the LOUDEST hotel room I've ever stayed in.  I can't attest to other rooms but absolutely don't stay in room 428 (and probably not any 4th floor room).  CONSTANT loud droning noise overhead possibly the AC system on the roof.  But worse yet was that literally every 15 seconds 24/7 there would be an even LOUDER surge and vibration of noise.  I had to sleep with earplugs in AND use headphones playing music to drown out the noise enough to sleep.
Then you have the noise of the people coming from the elevator since literally every single person must go past room 428.
I didn't eat at the restaurant/bar but it looked ok.
No real place to get a quick bite or breakfast other than waiting in line for a pricey muffin in the morning at the front desk.
The other thing to be aware of is that they'll hit you with an extra "resort fee" when you check out that was not at all mentioned at any time during the booking process even tho I paid in full in advance for the lesser charge (which was still awfully expensive for the quality of room you get).
Bourbon St is about a mile away but walkable.
The outdoor flea market is maybe 1/2 away. The casino is a block away. 
The Riverplace Mall is about 6 blocks away.
I'd never stay at this place again all things considered.Let me start out by saying I don't believe in ghosts. Having said that, I cannot explain what happened when I stayed overnight in room 481 of this hotel. I was conducting an interview in my room with a business associate and was recording it on my phone, Toward the end of the interview my associate stopped speaking for a moment and there was silence. Suddenly something fell right next to us from about three feet up--a coin or ring or pen-- and we heard it clatter onto the hardwood floor. We stopped and looked at each. Neither of us had been moving and neither of us dropped anything. We looked on the floor and there was nothing. We even moved the chairs. Nothing. We went back and listened to the recording and it clearly audible. That night I went to sleep and shut off the television and lights. As I settled into bed in the darkness and silence, I suddenly heard the same sound of an item dropping onto the middle of the room onto the hardwood floor. Same sound, same spot. I then heard three distinct footsteps on the ceiling above me. Here's why this was unnerving: I was on the 4th floor and there are no floors or rooms above mine. I waited to hear additional footsteps but there were none. I turned the light on and looked at the hardwood floor. There was nothing on it. I have no idea how to explain what happened in this room (481 if you want to request it) but it made for a strange and unnerving stay. If you want a unique experience, I recommend this hotel. Nice staff and good location. And...ghosts, if you believe in that sort of thing.It's like staying in a haunted hotel where the ghosts never sleep.  The wooden floors are pretty, but unlike carpet they produce a lot of noise. Constant  pounding noise from other guests walking around, and of course the floors also creak. The floor in my room was uneven and had soft spots. The walls here seem to be very thin, as I could hear the conversion of the other guests in the next room.  The hallways are a maze and not friendly to people with disabilities because stairs suddenly appear in the middle of the hallways. The carpets in the hallways are dirty an old with horrible stains.   There is not a coffee maker in the room, microwave,  or fridge.  No pool or hot tub.   We were trapped inside by a very bad rain storm and tornado, and this was not the hotel I wish I was in.  Tried to hang out downstairs at the bar,  but it was full with no place to sit.  Of course parking is $32 dollars a night.  Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.Our second time staying here and we had an even better experience than the first time. We love New Orleans and have decided this is where we will stay each time we visit!  The rooms are super comfortable and a good size, beds and pillows are comfy too! More than anything else though,  we LOVE the customer service we receive here. ...everyone and I mean EVERYONE is kind and courteous. This particular stay I would like to acknowledge the 2 front desk folks who helped us print out some basketball tickets we purchased last minute. It ended up being more difficult than it should have been and they both went out of their way too help us get it done. I do apologize for not finding out their names but it was a man and a woman. Anyway, we are thrilled each time we've stayed here and are always looking forward to the next time we visit. Thank you!Love this place!! The decor is adorable.  The staff was very nice. The location was great. The mattress was comfortable and the pillows were great.   I would certainly come back here again!!The rooms we're good and Valet parking was a God send since I was traveling with a U-haul. Overall good housekeeping  service and the rooms we're clean and very Hipster in it's Look. The scenery was the only thing that lacked, we we're facing a wall. All in all for the price and location this place is pretty darn good, I'd stop by again.   ;)After reading the negative reviews I was a bit wary. We arrived and the hotel is being renovated so aesthetically the lobby and halls were not fantastic but once we got into our room I loved it! The room was warm and the beds so comfortable. 
       The staff was always pleasant and helpful. They directed us many times on how to get around.  The price for 4 nights was around $700 over Easter holiday which I feel is reasonable based on location. 
     It certainly is not the fanciest hotel I have ever stayed in but it was very comfortable and I would totally come back. I'm sure once the remodel is over it will be just beautiful.