Iced coffee is good. They have stools, which helps me because I like working while standing up. Perfect temperature. It's not freezing like other places nor hot. Only complaint would be slow free Wi-Fi.Service is great! Barista was so nice and friendly, and it definitely helps with my "morning crankiness"! Muffin was great! Atmosphere is definitely trendy but clean and quiet. I think I may just stop by next time when I am free just to relax and read a book there! Also, don't forget to check in to get $1 off of an espresso drink!A great cafe, probably one of my favorite that I've been to. They have very tasty and very original coffee drinks. They have plenty of seating and a lot of great games such as monopoly in the back. Overall an awesome and fun place to go by yourself or with friends.My friend took me here when I came to visit and I love it! Great people, super friendly gamers and delicious coffee!!Good vibes and eclectic atmosphere. Perfect place to study on a Sunday morning/afternoon. I got their iced latte with almond milk and it was delicious. Great customer service, too!I almost didn't want to leave a review because I love the atmosphere of this place so much and how it doesn't get super crowded... but that would be wrong. Rook Cafe deserves all the stars and accolades. Sigh.
I've been a regular customer for 2 years and typically spend very long hours there studying. I am a graduate student and this place caters to people in their 20s and 30s, rarely does it get infiltrated with teeny boppers or a younger crowd, and this is magical. The muffins are INCREDIBLE, they're seriously the moistest and most perfect baked goods ever, coffee drinks are delicious, the tea is hand packed at the store and there's tons of fabulous flavors; there are even a couple varieties of iced teas in the summer. 
This place is "gamer" themed and is stocked with board games and books for people to play. I've also seen video gamers come in and click away on their computers. It's the most perfect joint embraced by natural hipsters who don't even know they're hipsters because they're so unawaredly quirky. It's so inviting and comfortable.
There are big tables in the back, quiet area for studying and I rarely don't find a space for myself and all my books. There are usually other people studying, and common courtesy is readily found here, as people tend to be quieter and pleasant and everyone seems to have a mutual understanding of all hating studying and their lives and they give you knowing smiles.
Fairly priced. For sure. All the stars. Thanks, Rook.This place is an awesome little coffee shop that has a real laid back local community feel. I mainly know it as a place people go to play board games and in that capacity it rules. They have board game nights on Fridays and Saturdays but you can also bring your friends and play whenever. The baristas are a lot of fun and always a pleasure to chat too. The coffee drinks are good - my favorite is the queen (a mix of espresso and condensed milk) which is their take on a Cafe Bombon. It's small but packs a punch.Cute small coffee shop with friendly  workers. One of my favorite  things about this place is that it is a big supporter of the community. There is local art for sale on the walls and signs posted everywhere for different local events. Additionally  they have board games, books, and even a guitar sitting out for  customers  to use. 
Drawbacks include the limited menu and the unpredictability of noise level.  one time I came intending to study and a half hour after I showed up a band for young children  and families  arrived. Though it looked like a nice family event it was not advertised well and took me totally by suprise causing me to have to move to another coffee  shop.It is gross and expensive $3.25 for a cup of OJ poured from a $.99 gallon jug. My coffee cup was stained and dirty. Definitely won't be back.Met some friends here for chess today. The baristas were pleasant, the coffee and pastries were tasty, and there was plenty of space to play a few games. Great location. Will return.I love Rook Cafe, they have the best drinks. My girlfriend is 100% committed to the Bishop, but I'm all over the place with their menu. The last drink I had was the King, which is coffee, a shot of espresso, and coffee ice cubes. One thing I hate about getting iced coffee is that the ice melts, and transitions to a diluted/runny taste, but the coffee ice cubes had the King tasting consistent throughout. 
If you're not huge on coffee drinks definitely order the Bishop, which is Thai Tea with a shot of espresso. Their flavor is very strong, but not overly sweet. It's actually very fragrant and scented, doesn't have to lean on sugar, the flavor alone holds the drink up well.
I'd love to study here, but the internet is very slow. I suggest swinging in on free days to play board games, or grab a quick drink. Overall, best coffee shop in this city. Oh yeah, and the guys whipping up the drinks are super cool. They'll talk to you about anything. They definitely don't fit the irate barista mold that you often run into at Starbucks.Great coffee, friendly folks behind the counter, and nice space to spread out to spend several hours studying, reading, or just hanging out. They have an eclectic mix of music, art, and clientele on rotation.Rook is THE best place to study! Although it can be fairly busy and bustling in the mornings and early afternoons, there are quiet tables in the back and tons of outlets and free WiFi. The owner is super nice. Also, their muffins are INCREDIBLE. It's clean, the bathroom is clean and fun with chalk walls, and their specialty drinks are great. They have lots of delicious flavors of teas that they make and bag themselves, the apple blueberry one is especially tasty. This is definitely a gamer/funky place but I am not a gamer and feel right at home here. No overly hip or pretentious feel, this place is spot on.This is a cool little coffee shop with a fun vibe. Great place to study or visit for a first date. It's relatively quiet enough to study, and a good volume for holding a conversation. 
This is a pretty average coffee shop and I'd definitely recommend it if you want to mix things up. The Java is pretty good too! Give it a go.This place is amazing! Best place to come here with friends and play board games like Catan or other fun ones. The guy who runs this place is awesome at explaining games and is a lot of fun. The coffee is good and they have great specialty drinks. The pastries like muffins also look good. I can't say enough good things about this place.They have homemade vietnamese coffee popsicles. *has urge to drop mic*  Coffee is good, and eclectic/ chill vibes. Bathroom has a purse hook (super important ), condoms (such goodwill), and chalk to scribble.Got the bishop and it's definitely a twist on Thai tea!  I'd definitely come back and try some different drinks they offer. The guy behind the counter was super cool and friendly!good coffee + small intimate atmosphere = nice place to grab coffee and read a book
I haven't seen this place packed which makes it a perfect destination for some quality peace out time.  The coffee is good and there are plenty of places to put your feet up and read.Best espresso drinks in New Orleans. Haven't had a bad coffee since I started going here 1 month ago. Good place to study also.I like everything about Rook. I liked it so much that I stop there four times during a three-night stay in the neighborhood. The service was friendly, the atmosphere was cozy and homey (but still clean).  Their macchiatos were perfect, not too bitter or acidic, and their signature Rook latte-type drink was good with no off flavors, if you're into sweeter drinks.  They get their baked goods from some local bakeries, and I think the cranberry scone was the best scone I've ever had, though admittedly, I haven't had very many scones in my life.  Highly recommended if you're in the neighborhood.I really like this cute little shop!
Located on Freret, this place has two things that I really like: good coffee and quiet. It seems that the new trend is to blast obnoxious music in coffee shops. There's none of that here.
I got an iced coffee and it was really good. It didn't taste like the "same old" that you find at other shops. In the front, there is a nice seating area with big chairs and there are tables and chairs in the back, Local art adorns the walls, giving the place a nice, quaint feel. Also, it's a huge plus that the coffee isn't SO strong that it makes me want to run 25 miles without stopping. Sometimes I think that some of these places are in a competition to see whose coffee can make someone drop dead, first. 
Anyway... I like this place and I shall return.Lots of fun board games, and they are complete sets. I have had a change to try all the drinks, only the falcon. It was not so good, but I'd buy it for the board game experience againThis is a very pleasant cafe with excellent coffee and extremely friendly staff. I stopped in to run some board games with friends and found the cafe very clean and well appointed. They have an excellent library of board games in the back ranging from basic things like Monopoly to more "advanced" games like Settlers of Catan and all the way up to Fantasy Flight Games' Game of Thrones boardgame. 
The coffee was quite good and the staff definitely know their way around the espresso machine. I got drip brewed coffee later in the evening and it was definitely brewed fresh. 
The cafe itself is spacious as well lit with ample table space in the back for board games and socializing. They also run rotating art galleries from various local artists; will definitely be visiting again!Awesome coffee shop, very friendly and welcoming vibe. I was walking and exploring with my daughter and we happened back to a neighborhood we had visited last evening. Popped in for a cup of joe and a breakfast sandwich, and my daughter had a blueberry muffin. Service was friendly and personable, and there was good conversation about literature. I dig the "game" vibe, it was cool. Price was fine, for a neighborhood pop-in it worked ideally. Neat spot, thanks!Just moved to New Orleans about a month ago, and I was dreading leaving my old favorite internet cafe, and couldn't seemingly find another like it, just came to the Rook for the 1st time today and it seems perfect for what I look for in a cafe: friendly staff, great vibe, not packed in, and the customers also seem pretty chill in general..  If you are a gamer they've got outlets by the tables, board games/chess in the back, and encourage you to make yourself at home!!  Great coffee too!!
I'll likely be back regularly :)I'm probably such a fan because I defected from the neighboring cafés ... but I loved that when I walked in just to have a peek that the owner immediately engaged me in a playful conversation. This is a place for wizards and chess-lovers - nerds! One of the drinks is made with unicorn tears! So my plus for this place comes from the ambiance - its more mom and pop (definitely not hipster!)This is a small coffee shop that's not only fun and quirky but in a great location. I can walk here from my house and it is a great place to go when you need to buckle down and get some serious work done. 
Another great thing about Rook is that if you get hungry and want to take a break from your work for a real meal, there are several restraunts, including Wayfare, Ancora, Sarita's, High Hat, Midway Pizza, Dat Dog, and a few others, all within close walking distance and located right on Freret St.
They have all your standard coffee house options, I like to get an iced coffee with cream and a shot of expresso. If you haven't been here before I highly recommend checking it out!!I'm not a coffee drinker and I have to admit that I don't really hangout in coffee shops but this place good change that. First off it's super deep so don't let that narrow storefront trick you. Second the staff is really nice. Third is has yummy iced tea and pastries.
Plus y'know board games and lots of areas to hang out and visit or y'know study if that's your sort of thing. I have to admit that when I walked in I almost had a Borsodi's flashback with the bohemian vibe...although a bit more grownup. (I realize this only makes sense if you were hanging out on Freret street in the 80s but so be it.)
Now that's it's cold I'll have to go check out their hot chocolate game.I'm a big fan of Rook. Great service, usually one super friendly barista behind the counter. And the perfect amount of nerdy that I need in a coffee shop. And the space is unique and fun. It's a little less busy than Mojo up the street and a more manageable menu (for people like me who aren't super positive the difference between fancy coffee drinks and super fancy coffee drinks). I'd definitely recommend Rook if ever you find yourself wandering Freret StreetThis is my favorite café to walk to on a sunny day! They have a cool board game selection, and the whole place is clean and bright. 
I usually get an iced coffee or tea, the service is always friendly, and the drinks and pastries I've had were well made and at the right price point. 
There are so many pieces of large furniture, though, and when a handful of people are studying there solo, almost all of the tables are taken up. But on the other hand, this does make for a great place to play board games with friends.Espresso and condensed milk? Yes please! Love the layout and comfy armchairs in the front. Good vibe.I really liked this little coffee house. It is one of the few laid back independent coffee houses around. I get tired of going to Starbucks, and Community Coffee House. The last time I was on Freret street I noticed that this place had just opened so I went and checked it out.
The lady behind the counter was very friendly. She had a really polite and mellow demeanor. I guess it was the ambiance who knows.
When I came here they were not selling any food all they had was iced coffee. But I will admit the iced coffee was very good! I noticed on some of the other reviews mentioned they were selling food. I may have to investigate upon a few more return trips.
I still feel like this is a work in progress but I do like this new addition to my old neighborhood.Pretty great coffee next to Publiq House! They make their own syrups. My mocha was a little chalky, but good after repeated stirring. Amazing atmosphere for studying and hanging outPros: 
-power outlets next to tables!!
- unique concept (catering to tabletop gaming)
- polite (if not outgoing) staff
- not as obscenely crowded as other places on Freret (though hopefully for the owners' sake this will change)
Cons:
- Iced coffee was not that great (but price was reasonable!)
- not very diverse menu (though I've heard this will change soon w/the addition of pastries)
I can't rate this place too badly, but here's why it's just "meh".  The schtick of the venue seems to cater to hipster/nostalgia "gamers" and possibly actual gamers (ex. D&D, warhammer, settlers of catan, etc.), though none were there.  I don't outwardly conform to this aesthetic and felt less than welcome there (as per the barista's and others patrons' attitudes).   
BUT if you look like a hipster/alternative person, I could see you receiving better service than I.This place is awesome!  The coffee was amazing.  My husband - who doesn't even really like coffee, loved it.  I do like coffee, and I also enjoyed it.  They have handcrafted syrups, which is interesting.  If you're gluten free there are no gluten free baked delights, which isn't fun.  Though, I did see some Zapp's behind the counter if you have a long gaming session and get desperate.  I did a bad thing and didn't ask if the syrup was - so ASK!!  
Anyway, the clearly awesome thing about this place is the atmosphere.  I feel like I found my people.  The name might not give it away if you're not a chess fiend, but the place is game themed.  And, it has some awesome board games - like Settlers, Carcassone, etc. - in stock.  And, they have some space set aside for gaming.  They also invite gamers to stop by anytime.  You're welcome here, which is a nice feeling.  They have semi-organized board game nights on Friday and Saturday, which I've yet to check out.  But, you can bet I will be there for one very soon.
I will definitely be back, and you should definitely check it out if you like coffee and/or tabletops!Coffee is very good.
They open late on weekends; thus reduction in rating by 01 star.Found this on yelp and decided to go because they were offering a deal. But I'd gladly pay full price! The gentleman making my drink was very patient and actually helped me decide what to order without making me feel like a coffee novice. My iced soy latte was strong, creamy and delicious!We now live in a world where being a nerd is sort of an aspirational thing, and people will just throw the term around all willy-nilly like it means nothing.  "Oh, I'm such a nerd because I love to watch Ancient Aliens on the History Channel when I'm high sometimes on weeknights!"  Come on.  Rook Cafe is great because it's totally uncool. They mean it, you guys, it's the real deal.  It's warm and friendly and the tables are big for games and people play them there and it like matters to them and it's nice!  Once, I went there and I SWEAR TO YOU no one had a laptop out. Can you even imagine?  
AND THE COFFEE IS GOOD! So it's perfect.  I love you, Rook Cafe.Nice staff and delicious beverages. Open late, which is helpful. Love that they carry girls gone vegan bars! :)This was a very charming place.The young lady who was the only one working  took care of 3 customers in an timely manner. They have a simple syrup bottle so you dont have to figure out the sugar /sweetner ratio for your coffee or tea. There gunpowder green tea was awesome. Those blueberry muffins man if i could eat more than one a day.
 This is what Starbucks wants to be if they weren't greedy corporate devil's. They have seating every where so come,you can even smoke your hookahs outside. Parking is available if your lazy you can pay.I just park around the corner and its free. WiFi  was kinda weak but that might have been my phone. Give them a try. Its worth it!Official DYR review:
This is an official Downgrade Yelp Review.
I thought I would mix it up and come here (my usual spot is mojo).
Poured me a cup (I don't know if it was the end or what) but it had this gross business, grounds, junk all up in the coffee and at the bottom of the cup.
Made for a very unpleasant experience.
I won't decide to mix it up anymore, I'll just go to mojo.I didn't know how much I liked this coffee shop till I went to a place called the first cup today. The owner at the first cup told me "no wifi, one hour limit, drink and leave". I always go up the rook when I'm in town but decided to try this other place since it was right down the road. I won't make that mistake again. I always feel welcome at the rook. They have some of the best coffee in New Orleans, free WiFi, awesome pastries, and they even have a shelf for people to trade books. I learned my lesson today and am comforted to know there are places like the rook to go to when I'm in town. Great variety, great drink and snacks, amazing customer service and ownership.Bangin' espresso and baristas that don't treat you like you've inconvenienced them by walking in the door. They also have great prices, gave out free beer at their grand opening and have a table with a chess board on it.  This place is brand new but I'm sure it will become a neighborhood favorite.Need help learning the art of focus, come to Rook. Need a coffee shop that actually plays, come to Rook. Need just some good coffee in general, then again come to Rook.
Well you get the gist folks... Rook is a straight forward, cool spot with good wifi to get your work handled. Can't lie, not a fan of the bakery type stuff like bagels, and muffins, but the liquids are solid and there are places around to handle that need if needed.
come thru and enjoy!Still the best coffee around town.  
Good news:  now Scott and Roxanne are offering some catering services.  Get coffee for your meetings and events; perhaps feed your friends/employees some of Rook's sandwiches and goodies as well.  
Also, today Scott opened half an hour early to make coffee and hot chocolate for the Rupplets and me when we showed up at 8:30 instead of 9:00 (Sat hours).  He is the model of excellent customer service.great coffee shop in nola. excellent lattes and cute little cozy place to sit and read a book. lots of different coffee and tea options and great friendly serviceMade a pit stop for coffee and pastry. The large blueberry muffin was good, more cake-like than muffin. There is quite a sprinkle of sugar crystals, but it's not too sweet. Love the local and more world famous art that fills the walls. Seems like a great work space.I wouldn't say it was the best cup of coffee I've ever had, but it was delicious. The guy even hooked me up with extra unicorn tears. I didn't ask how he got them because I didn't want to encourage his dark thirst for cryptozoological abuse. Games and comfortable seating make this a pleasant place.Freret St homes the Rook Cafe, a cafe featuring a wide range of beverages and board games. Yes, board games!
Featuring a wide range of coffees, lattes, espressos, etc, you'll find the drink to satisfy your urges. I opted for an Iced Chai Latte as it's a very warm day. There isn't much chai flavoring, which is a tad disappointing but it is very smooth and milky and definitely helps beats the heat. 
I also ordered a Maple and Patisserie Muffin. The muffins are very large so it'll either fill you up completely or tie you over for a few hours until it is lunch time. The muffin is topped with flavor whereas the muffin itself is light and fluffy. It is delicious! 
Now onto the cafe itself. It has a good selection of seating available, a table in a sun room at the front of the cafe, then tables lining the wall opposite the counter leading all the way to the back room. The back room is where all the board games are held. Tables are available for singles, couples, or even big groups. 
The thing that makes Rook Cafe really shine are the available board games. They have Monopoly, Scattegories, Risk, Chess, and Dungeon Lords just to name a few. 
I highly recommend coming as a group, ordering a drink and a muffin and play a few games together. The perfect way to spend a lazy afternoon! 
Pros: great location, free board games to play, delicious baked treats.
Negs: chai flavoring was a tad weak.Was at Rook for the first time yesterday for an event. Great coffee and even better  service, cute place and nice seating for getting some work done. I'll be back.4/5 hooked on the bishop.
so a few changes - more art on walls, less basement-y feel. the only dungeon part left is the game of d&d happening in the back, which awesome. i've come to love 2 things here:
1. the folks rolling through are committed to gaming. there are dice rolling, pieces moving, tiles being placed all around me. this place has succeeded in being exactly what it claims to be .
2. this bishop. it's basically a dirty thai tea (i've also had it with chai when they were out of thai), and i'm slightly addicted. it's a great twist on the usual coffee order, and i don't think many spots in the city offer any kind of hybrid drinks like this.Great cozy little coffee spot! My drink was absolutely delicious. Unicorns all the way.I am here all the time since I work at the school nearby. The staff, coffee and treats are all wonderful. It does get crowded during exam time, but really, who can blame people for wanting to study here? It's chill. Also, the owner Scott is wonderful and allows my students to hang their artwork in here for a month.This place is great! I ordered the Knight, which was chocolaty and delicious. It was the BEST coffee drink I've had in Nola. My friend got the holy grail, which was festive and hit the spot. The tables are a little small, but the vibe was good and I will definitely go back soon.I gave it 4 stars because of the environment and chill vibe. It's a great place to study, catch up with friends, or read a good book. I would have given it five stars if there was a wider selection of foods to munch on. The choices are kind of limited. I'll definitely be back more often though.I enjoy their ice coffees especially The Knight . You can taste the expresso shot that it comes with. The times I have visited it isn't crowded which is around 1pm something. The min blueberry cupcake is good. Out of all the other coffee shops around this one is the best.Every time I come here, y'all make me toast my own bagel!! If I'm paying $3+ for a damn bagel the least y'all can do is toast it for me when I ask for it toasted!!!! It's not that hard and I'm not on y'all pay roll, so why am I doing the work???The place is kinda dark and quiet during the day. Perfect place to study. Has tons of cool board games and books to pick up and read. The vibe is a mix between GoT and Harry Potter. Geeks of all kinds can find something fun to pick up and look at. Coffee is great, I had the Rook and it was awesome. Great hot chocolate with fresh whipped cream. The chocolate chip cookies are not to be missed. Definitely fun place to hang out for the afternoon3/5 worth checking out
the space definitely has an ambience - art along the wall all the way up to the ceiling, and super tasty drinks. yelp check-ins take a buck off any espresso drink, fyi! there's a cool upstairs section so it feels super home-y, which can be pretty great, but then if you're trying to do work i dunno if it's the right environment (it strikes me overall as take a nap at granny's house...). the baked goods are supplied daily by a local lady, i think, and i really like this chocolate chip banana bread - soft interior and a legit crust! overall cool space, but y'all know where i typically haunt on ferret!They're just awesome! Hey Yeager! I think he's my favorite barista ever.... Like ever in my whole entire life of visiting coffee shops. The Pawn is dairy free. Amaaaaaazing! My go to drink.Dirty, loud, terrible service. The baristas are all nice except for this bald guy that's always cursing at and talking back to customers. After ordering one of their overpriced "special" drinks, I got my (black, female) friend to get me some ice water because I didn't feel like talking to him because he's always so cranky. He tried to give her warm water in a dirty cup because she "wasn't a real customer." Then he followed us back to our table and started yelling at us and when we didn't immediately beg for forgiveness he kicked us out, saying my black friends weren't welcome back there again. Really disgusting, and we were already taking a chance on that place because he has cursed at us before and served us rotten milk!I stumbled upon the Rook Cafe dropping off one of my Uber fares decided to give them a try and I'm very glad I did! I went around 8am and I was blessed with J. J. my barista genius!!! Lol I haven't been doing coffee that long, avid tea drinker here but, he made my experience wonderful!  Not rushed like many I've encountered who think you should just know, and get agitated when you ask for a recommendation. J.J. was amazing very friendly, patient, and knowledgeable. He made the best vanilla latte I've had to date!! I would say I'll be back but, I already have twice and it's only been a week!Very cut and small coffee shop. Went here for an early morning coffee date and it was perfect. Got the chorizo, egg and cheese breakfast taco, and 2 speciality coffees. It was early so we got the seat right in the window. They had board games to play and books to read. Here as a tourist but if I was a resident this would definitely be a place I would frequent.Do yourself a favor and check out this nook of a coffee shoppe. The "pe" is for phenomenally excellent. I dunno. I'm drunk. Oh yeah, 'nook' and 'rook' rhyme.Neat little shop, but wayyyyy overpriced!  My "Rook" latte cost almost $7!!!  It taste delicious, but it was served lukewarm.  I probably wouldn't visit here twice.The Rook is a super fun spot to play board games, or meet some interesting folks while drinking one of their unique lattes or teas. There's plenty of outlets and ample seating, complete with a cozy couch in the back and armchairs in the window, perfect for people watching. 
Plus, street parking is free.Super nice staff and great premium coffee. The only place in NOLA I can find that lets me bring my dog inside other than The Tasting Room on magazine st.I really liked the decor and atmosphere. It's very chill and comfortable. Drinks are fine. However, the service is always a hit and miss. One guy is particularly rude, the other I encountered is quite friendly. Cups served in store are not very clean. Last time I went there, the coffee shop smelled funny ( not sure if it's bathroom or trash smell), which made me feel very uncomfortable. Overall, it's got a lot of potentials, but certainly not gonna go back in a whileThis place is perfect. It's still real, in the way that people can still be real. There are, in my experience, hardly anyone with glazed eyes staring into their black mirror. There are books, games, and people having actual conversations with other effing people! It's like the old days! You know the old days, right? Before the populace bowed to their Skynet masters? (And I know I made a Terminator reference, but I assure you, I am a mild-mannered upstanding tax paying omni-person loving resident of our fair city. I have a family, two dogs, and a fucking mortgage. I don't know why any of this matters for a cafe review but I said it, so whatever).I adore this little cafe! This is a gamer cafe, lots of board games, cards and ample areas for groups to come in and do their own thing.
Drinks are very reasonable and the muffins are the size of a toddler's head.
The bathroom is really clean and the walls are all chalkboard which lends itself to some interesting reading while you are doing your business.
There is ample parking and the owner, Scott is really nice.This is quaint little spot. Like there coffee selections, pretty variety of board games and their music selection is definitely to my liking. There's lots of spots to sit and surf the web, hang out and play board games. Service is good.One of my favorite coffee shops to do homework. The worker is always friendly, even late at night.Forever the ultimate shop to go to ease your heart and mind. Sit in the comfy chairs by the window and read a nice book. Play a board game with a friend. Gaze at super cool art while pondering your existence. Ya know, all of it. But arguably the best part: they use another chocolate for their mocha drinks besides Hershey's syrup- wow, truly, saints are amongst usLet me just start this review by saying that I hate people. Not all people, but I am an empath, and people can be hard for me to digest more often than not. I strive to take whatever route has less people in everything that I do in life. This coffee shop is perfect for me! It has good energy from the moment you walk in the door. There are tables to accommodate single ppl as well as groups. Ample outlet'age. (I make up words a lot too lol) The last time I was here there was a large dog hanging out with a group at the back, so they are pet friendly. (The dog was very well behaved.) Today I tried 'The Knight'. I'm very pleased with it. I like my coffee to be sweet and delicious, but still taste like coffee, which is getting harder and harder to find these days with all the trendy coffee drinks that taste like wedding cake and other bullcrap that isn't coffee. The Knight is one of those sweet coffee drinks, but it still tastes like actual coffee. That's a coffee win in my book. 
I went to Mojo's (a block away) before coming here on a suggestion from a friend. HATED IT!! It had a very "vote for Donald Trump" kinda feel to it. Mixed with an "ALL lives matter" kinda vibe. This place (the rook) is more "vote for Bernie Sanders / We hate Jindal". Some of you will get my comparison, I hope lol. Anyway, I was very pleased to find this place after my awful experience at Mojo's. I will be back again & again. 
Oh yea, the baristas here have all been eye candy so far. I've only met two of them. One girl and one guy. I may have flirted with them both a little lolNice short espresso. Beautiful space. Probably the highest ceilings in any coffee shop ever. Great little bonus room in the back for study groups or D&D. Also, perfectly coordinating mismatched furniture. Vintage skirted cushioned chairs for the win. Support your local coffee shops!I feel comfortable and chilled sitting in this cafe.
The coffee is ok, the cup is pretty cute!
They have chocolate chip cookies, muffins, etc. I haven't tried them yet, but I will definitely try them later.Good quiet place to study! Tables are big, there are lamps on the tables, and outlets/extension cords everywhere. They play classical music, so it's calm and soothing, not distracting. There's a lot of interesting coffee and tea options -- I've had Mr. Spock and loved it. It's Jasmine tea with lavender and whole milk. The lavender was really subtle, and the drink itself was very creamy and smooth, not too sweet at all (but if you like sweeter drinks you can sweeten it!). Street parking only I believe, not too hard to find in this area. I'm not a huge coffee person, but will try the Bishop next times because it seems to be pretty popular... Thai tea with a shot of espresso. Service is friendly, and prices are average!This is my favorite place to come and get things done, whether it be studying, paperwork, or meeting with friends. Most of the employees are great, but there are select individuals that need to realize that their musical tastes aren't fit for a coffee shop. This is not a brewery or a venue for your garage band. These are the same employees that aren't welcoming or pleasant.I am thrilled to see the union of coffee and gaming at the Rook Cafe.  The owners are friendly, the pastries are delicious, the coffee is tasty, and the Internet is reliable.  It's a great place all around.First time here and I was very disappointed. The girl working appeared to be dead tired and barely able to stand. She actually dragged her feet as she walked. At the time, my girlfriend and I were the only two in the place. We each ordered a drink, which came out fairly quickly and was very good. I also ordered roast beef panini and, after a considerable amount of time for a single sandwich (approx. 30 min), it came out literally burnt. The cheese was just as burnt and no longer tasted like cheese at all. I had a hard time even pressing my nail into the bread because it was so burnt. This sandwich should never have been served and I would've gladly waited longer and thanked her if she had told me that she couldn't serve me the first sandwich because it was too overcooked and was going to make a second. I may give Rook Café another chance, but so far it's unlikely.