Been open since the 20's, Nice old timey atmosphere. The food is good, not great but good.Went here because the bellhop had recommended Serio's and it was closed, but it said this place was good too. I'd just gotten done with hours of traveling and I just wanted to grab a bite to eat. 
It's a diner of sorts, one room with self-seating. The menu is only one page and has the basic New Orleans fare. I ordered the red beans and rice, and my friend had the Jambalaya. The food was good and the service was okay but not fantastic. It was a good stop for my first meal in New Orleans. 
I'd go back if I was looking for a quick meal.The Pearl is located near the French Quarter just off Canal St.  It's been around for 80 years and serves traditional Louisiana Creole cuisine.  The menu is simple one-pager with catfish, oyster, and gumbo appetizers, a variety of sandwiches and po' boys, and about 10 different entrees.
I tried the jambalaya (seasoned rice with chicken and sausage).  The rice grains were thick and fluffy.  Chicken and sausage were tender and the plate was surrounded with a tangy red sauce.  Overall, it made for an appetizing plate.  Also tried the raw oysters - yummy.
The interior of the restaurant reminds you of a 1950s-style diner with neon lights and curvy architecture.  We got fantastic service despite rolling in just as they were about to close.  We had a big group of 10 and the waitress was proactive in separating our checks.I came in for lunch today, lured in by the dated "OYSTER BAR" neon sign.  Arriving around noon, I was surprised that the place was almost empty.  It did have a pleasant 60s feel to it.  The menu was somewhat limited but I settled on a steak sandwich.  The service was pleasant and the manager (owner?) was friendly.  
The steak sandwich comes with sweet potato fries, which were pretty good.  The steak in the sandwich was thin and not of the greatest quality or flavor, but there was no gristle and was easy enough to eat.  
I'm not sure I would race back for lunch again.  Will continue to check other restaurants in the area and see what I can find.Avoid. The only bad meal I've had in New Orleans.
First clue was the coffee coming out with packets of coffee mate.
The muffaletta was pricey and about the quality you would expect if you were ordering one at 3am, in a rest stop, in Ohio. Horrible all around.A 45 minute wait for warm oysters, waitstaff with an attitude, & an overall bad experience. Skip it.Outstanding red beans and rice. My wife had a sampler that included jumbalya and soem gumbo and she loved it as well. Nice big portions and friendly attentive service.My red beans and rice were barely warm in most places and cold in others. Eric's jambalaya was actually good but the gumbo tasted old.The food is sub par, I didn't order anything fancy,  I just wanted some good Ole red beans and rice. I sat at the bar to have faster service. The lady behind the bar was older in age, not welcoming and slow. Her impression was that I was bothering her.  Hmm.. the waiter was sweet and attentive.  The food was bland and I had to pile on salt and hot sauce to get any kind of flavor.I was there in 2007 for lunch. The gumbo and fried oysters were amazing. The bread pudding was the best I have ever had! I would drive from St. Louis just for that!!We had a po boy shrimp sandwich here and it wasnt one of my favorites in the city. Im surprised this was near the top of recommendations. The service was ok and they had cheap drinks but all in all its really just a regular diner as far as I could see.While my food (fried catfish with sweet potato fries) was good and I loved the funky retro look, the place smelled funny. It may sound shallow, but it's hard to get past the restaurant you're in smelling like an old folks' home. If you aren't bothered by that, it is worth a stop for the food, though you can probably get similar quality elsewhere.Stopped in for a cup of gumbo at the counter. The gumbo was just-right spicy, with whole crab legs, sausage, shrimp and rice. Yum! It's a little expensive for lunch, but I was happy. I was the only one in the place at 4pm, and no one talked to me much, but the food was good and they were open when all the other lunch places were closed! The owner was quiet, but kind, and after reading other reviews, I should have saved room for dessert!The waiter was very nice, but the food was bland. Not great at all. The only reason we stopped in was because Serio's, the restaurant next door, ran out of all the food items we wanted to order (how does that happen in a restaurant?!). Our belly's got fed, but our taste buds were left unsatisfied.Seeing the other reviews of this place makes me seriously question the credibility of yelp. This place SUCKS! The food is horrible and the place smells like an old folks home. If in New Orleans DO NOT stop at this place. It's an all around awkward place to eat. I'm fairly certain I have felt more comfortable at a funeral home than I did at this establishment.The food was meh... There are much better places in the area. Just a few blocks down is the French Quarter with much better oysters and Cajun food.It's a diner...
with drinks...
I spent about 5 minutes here and ran into the Quarter.I'll admit I was attracted to this place by the wonderful neon sign proclaiming the earlier oyster bar incarnation of the place. Unfortunately this is akin to selecting wine by the design of the label.  What is within, namely a diner-style spot with a few assorted Creole and Cajun standards plopped within a list of roast beef and club sandwiches, burgers, and the like, fails to inspire nearly as much as the enticing facade. A shrimp po-boy sandwich was perfectly fine, with a crunchy soft roll, mayo, lettuce, and a moderate amount of fried shrimp. I will admit I've had far worse and far better examples of this simple fare, but I give them points for the warm, toasty bread even if the rest of the sandwich was unremarkable, as it all-too-often can be. The service was less than fine, as I received sweet tea instead of the unsweetened I asked for (I know, I'm a Southerner so I appreciate the difficulty one has in failing to dump at least 5 lbs. of cane sugar into each gallon of tea) and rushed service which didn't seem warranted given the place was half-empty and apparently not understaffed. Failing to check on me until the meal was finished for some time didn't help matters, nor did the tepid old coffee and pecan pie (ironically, nuclear hot and chewy-tough from being zapped) which was immensely more pie and sugar than pecan. Of the decades of pecan (say it "pee-can!") pie eating, I have to say the maker of this particular pie was the most parsimonious pecan placer possible. Say that five times. Seriously, how can one slice of pie have the equivalent of one (or let's say 1.5) pecan in it?  Well, voila!  
See the sign, enjoy the sign, but if you eat here, heed the signs and try something  else -- and definitely avoid the pecan-less pie.Lacks seasoning. Place is empty for lunch. Service was great, food is mediocre at best.I'm currently eating a take-out shrimp po' boy, and I have to say: it's tasty.
I just got in from a long day of travel, and was looking for something quick, something tasty, something NOT McDonalds.  The Pearl satisfied all of those requirements.  Granted, I'm sure there are better places in the French Quarter, but as I walked around, they all had ridiculously long lines.  Or they were pizza/hot dogs.  The Pearl offered me seafood (with optional alcoholic beverage) with no wait.  And it's pretty good.  Again, I want to emphasize that there are plenty of other places to head to in the area if you've got time and/or cash.  But if you're looking for something quick, The Pearl is the spot.
Bottom line: Quick and easy in the big easy.I went here years ago with a friend and it's really not changed much. A standard of the central business district and while it draws in a few tourists, it's more a local folks' place. The turtle soup is really good and comes with a dainty pitcher of brandy to pour in for more flavor. You'll also find sandwiches, po' boys, and other casual Creole and southern standards--plus the oysters, of course.
The Pearl's been around forever and has a huge neon sign hanging out front over the side walk that looks like it might just fall any moment (not really, but it is a feat of engineering that so grand a sign hangs by so little . . . and for so long!). Another neat aspect of The Pearl is that they've framed pages of several novels that mention the restaurant . . . including Nancy Lemann's seminal "The Lives of the Saints", one of the finest novels ever written about New Orleans. 
I would suggest The Pearl for oysters or for simple, down-home, New Orleans cooking. Some say it's become more touristy though since I've last been there so I don't know . . . my experience though was fine. :)Old and authentic looking exterior, new and somewhat stylish interior.  I think it must have recently been renovated, though you can't tell from outside.  They have good oysters, though not the best I have ever had.  A little on the pricey side for lunch.  Good service.  I was little disappointed because it really looked authentic, but it feels more touristy and business like.  Apparently it got a mention in that book "The Sharks of Lake Nicaragua" or something.  Closed Mondays.  Worth checking out.This place was horrible. First off our waiter acted like we were putting him out by being there. Then I ordered a coke which came in a can and my husband had the iced tea which tasted like recycled water from the mop bucket. For dinner I ordered the shrimp po boy which was very average and the bread was kind of hard. It came with no fries, those cost extra. My husband had the gumbo and jambalaya plate which was interesting. Needless to say after we were "finished" we went and ate something else after due to the fact that most of that meal was overpriced and not so edible.Dropped in here because Serio's was closed and because I was on a tour de muffaletta, I had one of theirs. It was actually pretty good - the olive salad was heavy on the olives and didn't have any of the stuff I don't like so I was all over it.
The service though? That cranky old lady that owns the place is a piece of work. My friend went when her daughter was working and had much better service. Avoid sitting at the bar when the old lady is working and you'll be good.Just OK. I had the red beans, rice and sausage. The sausage was good. The beans and rice were on the bland side.
Service as OK. It was seat yourself. The waitress came over right away. I was waiting on a friend to arrive, when he did, she was back promptly. Though I had to ask twice for a refill on tea. In a good southern restaurant, you're tea glass is kept full without asking.
I think there's better restaurants for New Orleans style foods.We stumbled upon this place a couple of years ago. Loved the old school neon sign.  For the life of me, I can't remember what I ate here, but it was pretty good.  The highlight was their bread pudding.  Seriously, it was the best I had ever tasted.  Several of the other reviewers complained of the "cranky owner," but when we raved about her bread pudding, she gave me the recipe!  We will be back the next time we are in the French Quarter.
2010-Yep.  Returned here on our recent visit.  Of course we had the bread pudding again-still the best.  My son had a shrimp po' boy that he really liked. Jambalaya and red beans were delicious as were the fried oysters and collards.  Love the diner-look of the place.  Check out the oyster and pearl lighting and the cool floor.My friend and I were vacationing in New Orleans. We wanted to dine at a different restaurant but there was a line out the door and we were very hungry.  We saw The Pearl had a billboard special for Red Beans and Rice for a reasonable price, so we decided to check it out.  As soon as we walked in the place, I knew it was trouble.  There was ONE other person in there.  There were several wait staff working, and the service was awful. We waited a very long time for the menu, drinks, food, and the bill.  The food, to put it nicely, was disgusting.  It looks like they opened a can of dog food and put it on your plate with cheap white rice.  I had a few bites, and I couldn't even eat it I was so grossed out.  Both my friend and I had stomach aches for the remainder of the day from eating here.Holy moly... strange that this place is even called a restaurant. We walked in and there was a smell that made me think of a senior citizens home.  No wonder the place was empty during lunch hour. The gumbo was less than appetizing. And they must've used old uncle Ben's instant rice for the jumbalaya. Don't look up... the ceiling is cracking all over and a piece may drop down into your eye. Wear safety glasses and cover your food with an umbrella. The sweet tea was decent though; seemed to be made from actual tea. So I'll be visiting Hersaints, tonight as a rebound. 
..should've consulted Yelp before stepping into this place. LESSON LEARNED!Our party of 4 really enjoyed  our early evening meal at the Pearl. It was mostly due to our very enjoyable waitress, Ro. She made us feel welcome and gave us some good laughs. The gumbo was very good. The onion rings and crab cakes were freshly made. The atmosphere is not fancy but the food is good. We will go back.By far a horrible experience. After complaining about shrimp that we're not deveined in both the po'boy and the fried shrimp platter. We were told the practice was common in all but high end restaurants. The owner or manager did remove two of the five meals from the tab. Two of the other meals (crab cakes & fried fish) went uneaten except for the French fries which seemed frozen not fresh. The salad was a small plate of mostly wilted iceberg lettuce with two cucumber slices and a hint of carrot. The server then seemed put off that we complained at all. It was a $58.91 experience that we won't soon forget and hope that others won't repeat. I guess it's our mistake because we didn't check yelp before the experience and two waiters were fighting over which would get our table in a mostly empty restaurant just past 12:30.Food was horrible. I ordered the crab cakes which were frozen with imitation crab meat. I mean really in New Orleans???. I also didn't get my salad. My friend ordered a hamburger that wasn't cooked all the way and was frozen. In my opinion there are way better restaurants to eat at here. Better to save your money and eat at a chain restaurant than this crap hole.Don't eat here! Jamba laya was cold and so was the roast beef sandwich. Not what you think of when you think "New Orleans restaurant"This place has an old odor to it. The staff was a little weird to me. Maybe it was because the place was empty and I'm not used to getting that much attention. The waiters seemed like they were in a trance. They called the older Caucasian woman behind the counter 'Ma'.  I could've been drinking the kool-aid (voo-doo juice). It was really weird. The serving sizes were pretty small and the food tasted like it was frozen. It was okay for brunch. I won't make this spot part of my itinerary.I hate to say this (because I was really hoping this place would shock me and be one of those tiny hole-in-the-wall amazing finds), but it was HORRIBLE. The owner Pearl is nice, but her staff is unprofessional. Some of the staff was standing around visibly not working and talking so loudly they were practically yelling back and forth to each other. There was no one in the restaurant (which is weird, by the way, because of the ambiance, railings, and overall layout) and the ceiling is cracked and peeling. 
The place smelled like an old cafeteria (gross) and the food looked very unappetizing. I had already committed myself and felt as if I should stay (it was too late at this point) so I was scared to know what my food would come out looking like. I first ordered a turkey sandwich but the owner came out to tell me that "the chef said there is no turkey left." Chef? I think not. I said I would go with roast beef instead-- no big deal. 
So, I ordered a roast beef sandwich (toasted) and sweet potato fries. The bread on my sandwich may as well have been wet. It was saggy, soggy, and soft (looked toasted but didn't taste toasted). The meat was of poor quality and smelled bad. I took one bite and had to spit it out because it was grossing me out. I ended up throwing the sandwich away completely. 
Now... the fries were actually REALLY good. I was surprised, but they were delicious. They were slightly sweet, perfectly fried, not greasy, and insanely delicious. I'll never go back because I was frightened by the experience, but I will say that I am giving them credit where credit is due with these fries. If they could get a new location, overhaul the restaurant completely, completely rehire new staff, add more to the menu, use fresh ingredients, and change the name of the place it would be PERFECT if they served the sweet potatoes. Unfortunately I think I'm stuck with this bad overall memory and the lingering memory of the delicious sweet potato fries.Long lines at Acme and Felix.  The Pearl near empty. Not a surprise.  Three waitstaff just looked at me, finally brought a menu, and never returned with my drink or to take my order.  I left.  They will not be open long, of this I am sure.Not bad, average for sure. Use the hot sauce and pepper. Service was decent. The place did smell though.The food really isn't exceptional. I gave four stars because the staff was polite, we were seated right away, and we got a decent meal at a realistic price which proved to be difficult anywhere else today. My favorite thing about the place is it's location just outside the quarter which makes for a nice break from the obnoxious chaos across Canal st. I don't recommend going with high expectations, but if you're looking for a quiet and comfortable place to eat a decent meal Pearl's isn't bad. The decor is definitely dated.I have to agree about the ambiance of the other reviewer, there is none. With that being said, I really enjoyed my meal. We were a party of six and everyone got something different. We all left satisfied. The jambalaya was good, as was the red beans and rice. A yummy, hunk
of sausage accompanied the beans. The gumbo was very tasty and the service was good. I wouldn't recommend the Hurricanes as they were small and not up to Pat O'brien's standards but the food was worth a stop. After all, as tourists,  I would rather have the place have good food, than good ambiance.I was staying at the Hilton a few blocks away and asked for a good lunch recommendation close by. The woman at the front desk gave a glowing review, but after eating here I have to think she's related to the owner. Or hates food. 
After narrowing down my choices to the red beans & rice or jambalaya, I asked my waiter which he'd choose. Going with his recommendation of jambalaya, I was looking forward to the meal. 
It arrived in a pool of bland tomato sauce. The whole dish lacked flavor. All I can say to recommend it is that it was very hot (temperature, not flavor). 
Skip The Pearl!My wife and I were wandering around New Orleans and walked by The Pearl, the cool retro exterior attracted us and we walked in. The woman who greeted us must have been the owner, because she was just so nice and gracious. My wife is from the UK and had never had catfish, so we ordered the fried catfish done fish n'chips style.
WOW! I'm a catfish fan but I've never had it better than here! It was up in 10 minutes and we felt so at-home here. True, it was pretty empty at the lunch hour but then a large group showed up from one of the adjoining office buildings, so I think they do alright. Two days later we tried going back with friends from Baton Rouge, but they were closed for the day.
We both can't wait to come back to the city and get lunch here again. A true gem of Southern hospitality!We came across this place after a failed attempt to find "Luke." Stay away, the server was polite but slow and short. My husband ordered their jambalaya/gumbo duo. He ate it because we were starving, but I found it incredibly bland. I made a huge mistake of ordering the steak sandwich. It was like eating a beef jerky sandwich minus any taste. I wish we ate at subway instead it would have saved us $25 and it would have tasted better.Horrible service, food was cold when it came out.  Of all things they got the cheese burger wrong.  The local dishes where very poor compared to other places.  When we said something to the server no attempt to correct the meal or comp anything was made.  Extremely poor service and very poor food.  I would not recommend anyone eating here.Ok...so we're in a large group and we're tourists. So right off the bat, we are looking for something festive in the French Q. We stepped into the first place that we saw that served oysters. Zzzz....The Pearl has no ambiance what so ever. There were no diners there except for us, not a good sign. It was like walking into a nursing home with everyone already sleeping or dead.
With that being said, the oysters rock! Big and plump - dozen $15. We only had oysters, but the menu was vast and it had something for everyone. Entrées range from $10-20. They have a full service bar, but the scene leaves so much to be desired. Not a good tourist spot.While this may not be the best place in New Orleans to grab a bite (the shrimp po'boy I had was....okay), I will say that I would drive BACK there, 11 hours, for their bread pudding!! Oh MY GOD!! It comes in a bowl (fortunately we asked for just one w/ two spoons) that has a "healthy" portion and just LADLES of creamy, buttery sauce goodness all around it. The texture of the bread pudding, itself, had a crispy edge followed by a firm, moist inside. If you're on a diet, GO OFF IT for 10 minutes and enjoy a bowl of this sheer decadence. You will not be sorry. You can jog back to the hotel to work it off - or do one of those two hour cemetery tours in the hot summer sun. The bread pudding, alone, bumps the rating of this diner from 3 stars to 4.The biggest freshest oysters I have ever eaten. A memorable place in a memorable food town. To comment on anything else, misses the point. Don't mess around, order oysters.It was a good day to be me- red beans,rice,sausage & Dixie beer !! The portion was big, but needed salt & hot sauce. I wish this restaurant hadn't been remodeled - the old Pearl was fun,really good groceries & was filled with Nawlins charm. I'm holding out hope that the "new " Pearl stays in business.What a sad experience for our first meal in New Orleans. I was hoping for some great creole food and a friendly atmosphere. First off the waitress was horrible. She did not smile or speak when she came up to the table. The food was marginal at best. I don't recommend you waste your time at The Pearl with so many other great restaurants in New Orleans.Those who dislike The Pearl have obviously missed one of its main attractions.
If you are feeling a little rough in the morning there is no city like NOLA to dish up some guilt-free hair of the dog to cure you up - and no drink in NOLA like the Bloody Mary at The Pearl. I have traveled all over the US, and had my share of Bloody Mary's, but I can say with authority that The Pearl has the most awesome life-giving and restorative morning elixir I have ever had the pleasure to imbibe. There is NO close second. 
Thanks for curing me up when I needed it most!  Rock on Pearl !My husband was born & raised in New Orleans and has been coming to The Pearl for 50 years. The ambiance is gone  (the long oyster bar must have been awesome) but the red beans & rice are the best.  If you are a tourist, skip it and stuff your lousy reviews. But if you are a true red beans& rice aficianado, have a bowl here. You wont regret it.What a disappointment.
Had read about this place and upon seeing the big old neon sign had to go. Stopped in for lunch, place was empty, and instantly realized this is not the classical Nola oyster bar I read about. Had recently been remodeled - no more historical charm, no oyster bar, tiny bar bar - boring, boring - NOLA or Disney?
Since there is no oyster bar - had to ask - do you have oysters - yes - OK. 
Ordered a dozen - they came room  temp, did eat them with trepidation. What else did we have - nothing  memorable. Skip it.Worst eating experience so far when visiting New Orleans. Stopped in looking to share a appetizer or entree and was looking for something on the menu to "pop". Pretty basic one page menu with New Orleans "favorites". Nothing really stood out and we were not that hungry so we chose a basic blt. Surprised to learn that even with a $8 price tag, it did not come with fries. Sandwich came out and it was on 2 basic slices of bread. $8 for a ordinary sand which and no fries is outrageous. 
Like other posts, there was a older woman behind the bar who did not look happy to be there.  Only positive positive was the waiter was very friendly and have above average service. Feel bad he was there and not at a better place where he could make more $$.