Went to Three Muses our first night in New Orleans. The plates are tapas style, small and meant for sharing. Between the four of us we got the blue cheese stuffed dates, the crawfish egg rolls, steak and cake, lamb sliders, feta fries and fish tacos. Everything was really good,i could have done without the tacos, but the lamb sliders and the steak and cake were AMAZING. The goat cheese paired with the lamb was to die for. And the crab cake was the best I have ever had.Made reservation a over a week ago with request to be near band. On arrival they had no record of it. And we are stuck in the back next to the bathroom. 5 stars for cocktail,food, band and Atmosphere. 1 stars for utter lack of organization.  The woman who took it said she was new. Always call to confirm I guess. Completely disappointed esp since we've had such amazing experiences here in the past.  There open tables near front and were told they were for people with reservationsAnother gem on Frenchmen.  We made it in just in time to grab the corner tall table and enjoyed the piano player playing some nice tunes.
Order at the bar and they'll bring you the food.  What we had:
pork pot stickers - pretty good - $4 HH price
smoked hanger steak w/ chimichurri sauce on toastones - tasted much better than it looked - $4 HH price
lobster eggrolls w/ sweet chile lime sauce - $8 - didn't look promising but it was tasty
Hopitoulas - $4.5
UFO - $4.5
One of the owners/chefs is Korean, thus the Asian food.
HH everyday from 4-6:30pm, $4 tapas, $5 wines, $3 beers.
We will definitely return.What's all the fuss about?  Food is mediocre at best , service was marginal. You are allocated a table with a notice that you have 1. 1/2 hours st your table. Table crammed into a corner with a very obstructed view of the music. 
This place is highly  overrated.We had a reservation and were seated immediately upon arrival. The menu consists of small plates, so really nice for sampling a number of different items on the menu. We tried the sliders, fish tacos, fries and mac&cheese, all of which were pretty good. There was a lovely duo playing during our dinner and it was nice that we were able to enjoy the music and still have a conversation. 
A few tips if you have never been here before:
- Make sure you have a reservation or be subject to dine/stand at the bar.
- Even with a reservation, you are instructed to complete your dining within 90 minutes of being seated. Understandable. 
- Try everything!Perfect place to take visitors. The plates are small and pricey but flavorful. Drinks are pretty much $10 across the board. The live music/atmosphere make the outing worth the cost. Make reservations if possible!
Fun Fact: My husband and I met Bill Murray and Jon Favreau here.A lil cozy bar/restaurant on Frenchman Street.  Small plates, good music and service.Came here on a whim a few years ago.  Was hoping it was as good as I remembered.
I
Was
Not
Disappointed.
Everyone I brought with me was really impressed.  
Standouts include the pork belly and the fish tacos. Cocktail program is on point as well.  Go.  See for yourself.Op suggestie van yelp- hier geweest op onze eerste avond in NOLA tijdens onze roadtrip (dag3). It's the best place. Wachttijden kunnen oplopen, maar waar Nederland vaak faliekant in faalt, gaat hier geweldig: er wordt door t personeel vlijmscherp in de gaten gehouden wie er aan de beurt is, zelfs voor de krukken aan de bar. Bijna gingen er mensen die later waren gearriveerd dan wij er met onze lang verwachte krukken vandoor, maar de barman regelde dit op sublieme wijze. Het moraal van dit verhaal- je raakt hier niet geïrriteerd omdat andere mensen voor schnitzelen. Ondertussen word je getrakteerd op de lekkerste live muziek en hebben ze er heerlijke cocktails en prima wijnen. Eten was ondergeschikt deze avond, maar wat we hadden was bijzonder goed. Dikke aanrader- wellicht reserveren als je niet van eindeloos wachten houdt.Three Muses you are a gem and my favorite dinner spot in New Orleans. The wait was worth it, there's a reason why there's a wait, trust me. 
The service was excellent. The atmosphere is cozy and elegant. The live music was a great addition and really makes this place feel like home. The cheese plate and salads are great. Also don't skip out on dessert, I'd recommend the pana cotta! :) don't miss out on this wonderful restaurant in the heart of jazz alley.We stumbled upon Three Muses during our first few hours exploring Frenchmen Street. We put our names in for a table and had a long wait. But who cares! There's plenty to entertain you in the area while you wait. 
A late dinner at Three Muses was the perfect way to start our weekend in New Orleans: great food, local beers, wonderful live music, and friendly service. My group of four shared a bunch of tapas including: seared scallops, bacon wrapped dates, lamb sliders, swiss chard fritters (AMAZING), mac n' cheese, and feta fries. Almost everything we tried was great and we stayed for hours, listening to the music and ordering more tapas as the night went on. Definitely a gem on Frenchmen!A tour guide perfectly described the difference between Bourbon Street and Frenchman Street. Bourbon Street is for drunks, drag queens, and prostitutes. Frenchman Street is where the music is. I highly recommend Three Muses, which is a gastropub on the street. The food is incredible. The mac and cheese is amazing. The cheese it uses is great and the dish comes out sizzling hot. Once I started eating it, I could not stop till I finished it. I have the dish ranked as good as any mac and cheese I have tried. It is in a tie with Beechers (locations in New York and Seattle). The pork belly and "Banh mi" Gulf Fish Tacos are excellent. The lamb sliders and sweet potato gnocchi with Louisiana crab are very good too.
Of course, Three Muses also has live jazz performances. The music is fantastic. I arrived at the gastropub ten minutes before it opened so I could get a seat at the bar immediately. It was a Sunday night and it still got busy for dinner in a hurry.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.This was a fun place to visit for a light dinner and some great entertainment with the kiddies! We caught a band called Washboard Rodeo, and they played some fun bluegrassy-type western swing. We'd made a 7:30 reservation via Open Table and were seated immediately. It's a small place, so any table you get is a good one. This is one of the few places on Frenchman Street that seems okay for children: mine are 9 and 11 and very capable of behaving well in a gastropub setting. The menu has a great baked mac & cheese and the waitresses are warm and welcoming. I have to say, after sampling the fish tacos, I sorta wish that I had ordered the mac & cheese, too! The tacos were okay but small and pretty bland. The mac & cheese was plentiful and well-seasoned. But this place is all about the music and the drinks, and on these they won me over. Had a simple Stella Artois apple cider (despite the great drink selection) and hubby enjoyed his porter. If you make a reservation, they give you 90 minutes to dine, which to me was more than enough. The band starts at 7pm on a weeknight, taking a 15-minute break around 8pm, and our 7:30 reservation gave us plenty of time to enjoy the music. If you visit New Orleans with older kiddies, I'd say give this place a go.The ambiance and live music here is fantastic. The band was pleasant and not overbearingly loud.
However the whole "you have to be out in 1.5 hours" is a major turn off. I could understand if people were sitting around not ordering but if you're ordering food and drink that makes no sense.
The food was decent but nothing to write home about. The service however was terrible. Since everything is served tapas style the food comes out as it's ready. Unfortunately my tacos took so long that everyone was finished eating and I still didn't have my food. 
Then I saw the table next to me (which arrived 30 min after us) served not one but two taco plates. When I asked the server what's going on, she gave me a really bitchy attitude and acted as though she was talking to a child. She goes "yeah like I said the kitchen is backed up." To which I said yes but not enough She did take them off the bill but her attitude was so off putting and condescending I didn't even care at that point. 
The tacos still took another 15 min after that. 
Also they have 2 different websites with different menus which is confusing. I went there based on one menu and got something different. Annoying.Girls at front were awesome. Empty tables being held for later reservation. They said you have an hour take it!  Waitress was sweet. Food was OKAY. Tried lots of dishes with four of us. No home run. Music was fun though.Three Muses is a tapas bar unlike any other I've frequented. Gone is the pretentiousness that are normally associated with tapas restaurants I've visited. Instead there was a really nice, easy going, order from any of us cause it gets loud in here type vibe.
I wish i could remember what we ordered, but there were four of us and we ordered a bit of everything. The sweet potato gnocchi was so good we had to order another round. I also had a blueberry mojito that was divine.  The food came out fast and all of it was just incredible. 
We totally would have spent some serious cash if not for another engagement we had to get to. 
Oh, get there early, cause this place will get crowded quickly. it's that good.Had the best time at 3 muses! Made a reservation (highly recommended as this place is small and BUSY). When we got there, our table was almost ready so the hostess asked us to wait at the bar. We got a drink while we were waiting and the bartender happily transferred our tab to our table. They had a specialty house drink which my boyfriend and I both tried, it wasn't my taste but he loved it. There was a band playing that night, and our table was close by. The band was wonderful, played excellent jazz!
The food is served tapas style so it comes out as it's ready. We started with the fries, topped with feta cheese which were perfectly crispy and delicious. We got the bulgogi rice bowl which was flavorful but could have had a little more meat and vegetables to go with the rice. We were still hungry so we got an order of the mac & cheese and the bruschetta which were both phenomenal, I recommend getting each. After my house drink I had one of the beers, the fire ant, which was delicious. At the end of our meal the hostess came by to ask us if we minded moving to the sidebar table as they were behind on the reservations. It was a little offputting to be asked to move after spending $80 on a meal, but I understood and we happily moved. I read reviews that the servicehere was lacking and the bartenders were rude, but this was not our experience. The server was attentive, and the bartender was extremely friendly and helpful in ordering and was happy to transfer our tab for us. We will happily be back on our next visit to New Orleans!!I don't think I've eaten this much in a really long time.  I think we ate almost everything on the menu.  Literally.  There were only three of us.  Fortunately, the tables are close together so we made friends with our neighbors, and ended up sharing our bounty with them.  Ha.  
Most things were really good- we were starving though and waited over an hour to get seated.  The meat and cheese plate stands out.  I'm a sucker for cheese.  Other notable menu items are:  fried pickles (actually, they were amazing), french fries (sooo good), the lamb sliders weren't that good in my opinion, but the masses seem to like them (read in other reviews).  Something with mustard sauce, maybe egg rolls, or shrimp tempura were good- obviously, the condiment was the one that stood out to me.  That boolgogi bowl was really good too.  I think we had the mac and cheese too.  
So aside from this being a testimonial to me being a total cow- the main thing you should draw from this review is that, aside from the great music here, the food and drinks are good.  I think I stuck to wine because the cocktails were a little strange to me.  I'd go back.Great atmosphere and good music. This place is a hidden gem in NOLA and is away from the hustle and bustle of NOLA streets. We had the cheese platter and lamb sliders which were so good that we had to order another plate of lamb sliders.Specialty Sazerac. Specialty moonshine! Yucca fries. Brie, garlic cloves, onions, and bread. Butternut squash ravioli with mascarpone. Streak and (crab) cake. Scallops. Seriously, the scallops! Apple and goat cheese pie. Need I say more? Ok, I will: all were mind-blowing! Best meal of my life. And live music to boot! I had an amazing night here.Wow, great meal on Frenchmen Street... scallops, feta fries, pork belly, lamb burger, very nice.  A little more pricey of a dinner than your traditional New Orleans fare, but definitely worth the price.  
We had eight which is a few too many for this place, but we broke up into groups of five and three.  Great place to order a number of things and eat family style.
Enjoy!By now you've read what type of place this is.  It was just as fun and hip as others say.  Some of the food was excellent, some just good.  Nothing was disappointing.I fell in love with Three Muses after looking at Yelp reviews and the restaurant's website. I feel that the website led me to believe it was a more formal tablecloth kind of place and I was a bit surprised when I arrived.  I could care less about tablecloths, just a minor observation as a direct result of the website.
When we arrived 20 minutes early for our 6pm Tuesday evening reservation we were greeted by the hostess and immediately informed that no matter what, there is a very strict policy that we would only have the table for 1.5 hours and that if we wanted to enjoy the music after that, we would have to go to the bar. I completely understand why this is their policy, but early on a weeknight when the restaurant is more than half empty it is a bit rude to start with the policy. Plus, what if our meal had taken longer than 1.5 hours? Are you booted to the bar for dessert?
Anyway, onto the food...below is a list of the items we ordered any any commentary:
-Italian baked Mac & Cheese-I LOVE every kind of cheese possibly imaginable and I was so excited for this dish. When it arrived the pasta was a little too firm and the flavor was extremely bland.  My friends and I barely ate a quarter of the dish. I would never order that again.
-Seared Scallops-I didn't eat them but my friends thought they were scrumptious.
-Bacon wrapped blue cheese stuffed dates-these were incredible. For three of us we got the large order and though they were amazing, I kind of wish we got the small order only because they were so rich. A good kind of rich. I would order these again.
-Beer-Braised Kurobuta Pork Belly-I thought these were really bland, too. I wouldn't order them again.
-Steak & Cake-I only at the steak. I was told the crab cake was amazing and one of the best my friend ever had. The steak was awesome and so tender and flavorful.
-Ms. Moon's Bulgogi Rice Bowl-This item didn't seem to fit in as well with the other items on the menu but don't let it stop you. It was very very yummy and I would absolutely order it again if I went back. It was a hearty portion and the bowl was basically all but licked at the end to eat it all.
-Cardamon Panna Cotta (Ponchatoula Strawberry, Pistachio Biscotti)-I am not a huge panna cotta fan but my friend is and he loved it. I thought it was pretty good when I tried it but have no frame of reference with which to provide any more feedback. 
-Fluffernutter Pie (Bruleed Marshmallow, Salted Peanuts)-I was intrigued by this option and ordered it. I was underwhelmed and barely at any.
-Warm Chocolate Cream Cheese Brownie (Malted Vanilla Ice Cream, Cherry)-per our waitress' recommendation we substituted the vanilla ice cream for brandied butter pecan ice cream and boy was she right. This was AMAZING. I loved the ice cream the most out of all elements of the three desserts. The brownie was tasty though I am not a huge chocolate fan.
The live music was nice and the atmosphere was okay. I have a feeling later on a weekend it would be a lot more lively and fun (and packed).Phenomenal!
I was in NOLA for a conference and a local suggested this restaurant to me, so I checked it out with a co-worker on a Tuesday evening. The food and live music made for an incredible atmosphere. It would be a great date spot! I got the fish tacos and the crab cake/hangar steak, both of which were amazing. I would definitely make the effort to go back if I find myself in New Orleans again.Yes! So good. Whiskey cocktails are infinitely complex and well made. Also, I have a thing for Greek mythology so I dug the muse and persephone's downfall as two very creative cocktails.
We had an uncomfortable table right by the door and there is no table service but it did not matter; because the music was at just the right volume and tempo, the drinks were mind blowing, and all the food we ordered made us feel deeply happy.
Butternut squash ravioli. That is all.Food and music were both fabulous. Our large group ordered a wide variety of dishes and we were very happy with all of them.We rolled in here around 5:30 on a Friday night so were still able to get a table. It got crazy busy not much later, so if seating is important to you get here early. The bacon dates were delish, like crack maple syrup pancakes. Fried oysters and grits were our fave, paired with fried pickles for variety. Enjoyed the live music, friendly atmosphere. Would def recommend to New Orleans visitors!This place is magical. Anytime I'm in Nola I make reservations here. The food is always amazing. The pork belly always hits the spot. On a recent visit I tried the Bulgogi, and it didn't disappoint. Try any of their cocktails too. Lastly, the live music sets the mood. I love this place. Everything about it. Go, you will be so happy you did.I came here on vacation with my husband via Yelp reviews. This place lived up to the reviews.  Everything was delicious! We ordered the scallops, rice bowl with steak, Mac n cheese, lamb sliders, and cookies and ice cream for dessert.  The stand out for me though we're the mac n cheese and lamb sliders.  I'm a huge fan a mac n cheese and this has to be one of the best I've eaten.  Service was great. We didn't have a wait got there around 6pm on a Thursday. I would definitely recommend this as a place to eat in New Orleans.  Btw I'm stopping by again for mac n cheese to go before the end of my trip!I have traveled all over the country, and numerous places around the world...and this is one of the best places I've ever eaten. Creative and delicious dishes--not one mistake!  The seasonal bruschetta was the best bruschetta I've ever had.  So inventive!  Great drinks and great jazz music too.  Don't miss it!Great cocktails....music wonderful....small plates which was perfect.  We had the meat and cheese plate and the pork belly...both delicious.  The cocktail I had was the day's riff...bartenders improvisation.... deliciousKinda of a tourist trap. The setting is nice and the music was ok (although not really jazz). The food was good however really small and expensive. Paid for example $10 for a tiny salad (which had 3 leaves of lettuce and 2 radishes on the plate) or $14 for 2 scallops. On top of that after an hour and half there,  and in the middle of one of the band's songs, the door man came to tell us we had to leave because they needed the table for other customers. Nobody told us that when we made the reservation. 
We won't go back. No worth the money to me.It's a tight space and usually very crowded - you can often find 1-2 hour waits for tables on the weekend but the vibe is great, music is always pretty good, food is very good, and the cocktails are pretty amazing.  Don't go here expecting a traditional restaurant, basically it's a bar with live music that serves food (I guess it would technically be a Gastropub) but it's got a lot more local ambience than most other places in NOLA that also have food and music.  No matter who's playing it will be pretty good and you can enjoy a nice glass of wine or cocktail with your food and entertainment.  I don't think they charge a cover here most of the time, so remember to tip your entertainers - and servers of course!  :)What else is there to say about 3 Muses?  Creative, reasonably priced food by one of my local favorites, Chef Dan Esses; fun, laid back atmosphere, clean (not something often said about bars on Frenchmen); great music but not intrusive; really good cocktails and an eclectic , well priced wine list.  Definitely worth checking out!I would live here if I could.
Our first visit we got the lamb sliders, corn and crab fritters, feta fries, and empanadas for dessert. The bill with tip was around $38 I believe.
Our second visit we got the lamb sliders, corn and crab fritters, gnocchi, and cream cheese brownie for dessert. 
Yup, the lamb sliders and corn and crab fritters were so good that we went to Three Muses twice in our one week honeymoon and ordered the same items.
Great local music each time we went there. The first time was a jazz trio and the second time was singer songwriter Sarah Quintana.
Like I said, I would live here if I could.I dig Three Muses, because it's close to the touristy French Quarter, but is so totally, refreshingly Marigny.  It, like the Uptown Delachaise, which I also visited on my most recent trip to the Crescent City, is a gastropub/winebar with small plates and a decent selection of wine and draft beers.
Be advised that the plates are indeed quite small.  If you're starving, I'd say you could easily put away three of them yourself.  My friend and I had two each, plus dessert, and weren't super full when we left.  Seating is also limited and the seats by the door were absolutely freezing!  It was a warm evening in late November, but the doors were open and cold air was blowing on us.  Eventually we moved to the bar when two seats opened up there.
You order at the bar, which seems to somehow work better here than it did at Delachaise.  The food runner was sweet as pie!  There is an impressive vegetarian portion of the menu, of which we sampled the feta fries, falafel bites, housemade rigatoni, and miticana gratin, all of which were totally yum.  For dessert: chocolate heaven and banana-marscapon struedel.  I'm drooling over the memory of eating it.
The band playing was just freaking excellent.  I had a 9:00 Fringe Fest show to be at, so we missed most of their show, but what we saw / heard was super.
I'd definitely visit again, next trip down south.I love this bar and their food!  The music is always great too.  But I recommend going on a week night because it's overrun with tourists on Friday and Saturday.Cool spot. The band was awesome, the ambiance is fantastic, the service is good, the food is all right (a nice change from New Orleans's usual fare, but for example the bulgogi definitely were not as good as you would find in LA). A nice change of pace from rowdiness of Bourbon St.Ah... Three Muses.
What are the three muses you may ask? Well... if we weren't so lazy, I guess we could peruse the website to see what they were, but that actually seems like a lot of work. So, I'm just going to say that for me, the three muses represent good food, good music and good cocktails. 
Simple enough, right?
But really, how many places do you go to where you LOVE the food, but the cocktails are so-so? Or the have delicious cocktails, but the food is lacking in flavor or originality?
Well, this place gets it right!
Three owners, from three different backgrounds, work together to bring us one place where we can get it all.
I want to say that I've had different drinks here, but that would probably be a lie. The only drink I have here is the Blueberry Bellini... It is spectacular. If you like champagne and blueberries, then this is the drink for you. If not, I feel sorry for you. No one should go through life without a wonderous love of champagne.
Every now and again the chef will be inspired to add something new to the food menu, but the staples remain the same. My favorites are the  Lamb Sliders, the Lobster Eggrolls, the Feta Fries and the delicious Pork Belly. I've never had a bad dish here, but that Pork Belly is simply divine!
The music is one reason that I frequent this place so often. The shows are free, but they ask a 1 drink minimum per set. . I never have a problem with a 1 drink minumum. (Blueberry Bellini, of course). 
The music various from traditional jazz to blues to local singer/songwriter reviews. They do a really good job of booking talent and being that the venue is so intimate, you actually have a chance to talk to the musicians before, after and even inbetweent sets. (Don't forget to tip. And if you can, buy them a drink.)
The only problem I have with Three Muses is tt's a pretty small place. and  it can get pretty packed... especially for the 7pm music sets; leaving you without a table or a bar seat. So, I suggest getting there between 6 & 6:30 for a pretty much guaranteed seat.
The crowd varies. But it's always cool people, who enjoy good food, good music and good cocktails, so you will be in pleasant company.
Have a great time!can't wait to go back.  Tapas was the perfect way to go here.. because I wanted to try everything.  Loved the live music.We got to the place and there were no more available seats for the night. The hostess offered to text us and let us know if one of the reservations didn't show up. Luckily enough for us, they didn't show up! After waiting for about an hour, we got the table. The hostess was very friendly and helpful. 
The place serves tapas, so the three of us shared: 
Lamb sliders
Bleu cheese stuffed bacon wrapped dates
Pork belly on scallion pancakes
Steak and cake
Seared scallops
The food came out very quickly, and it was all delicious! The dates came first - good starter plate. They were a good combination of sweet and salty. The seared scallops were the perfect texture, and the sauce was tangy and rich. The pork belly was sweet and smokey - delicious! It was served on top of crispy scallion pancakes. The texture combination was good, but I found the pancake to be a little too much grease. Overall, still amazing! The lamb sliders were good, but nothing special. The steak and cake was great. The steak was rare and served atop a single crab cake, which was perfectly soft on the inside and crispy on the outside.
The overall atmosphere was lovely and relaxed. The live jazz was good and the place wasn't too loud.
Highly recommend!This restaurant is such an experience. Live pianist, selective but fantastic and untraditional menu. Bottled drinks only. Excluding water. The down side is they are booked up and somehow we squeezed in. Visit time per dinner is 1.5 hours tops. They are always slam packed, for good reason! The art is super cute and it's in the perfect location! So travelers: make a reservation ahead. They turned so many people down. You don't get in without a reservation. I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the price for the amount of food. It's about $30-40 per person. I didn't feel it was quite worth that, but I'm from Texas. Everything is bigger in Texas! Would highly recommend !In New Orleans, it would be shameful not to drown yourself in liters and liters of hurricanes and Abitas, but if you want a seriously inventive and well made craft cocktail head over to Three Muses. 
The Spaghetti Western was a marriage of the boy and I's perfect cocktail. It had Bulleit bourbon (for him) and the flavors of a campari soaked orange and rosemary syrup (for me). It was absolutely divine and the funny name only added to it's charm.
I was also a fan of the sweeter Muse with gin, housemade strawberry syrup and elderflower. Really, a more perfect cocktail could not be made.
The vibe of this establishment was great too. Everyone was super friendly and the jazz band that was playing really knew how to keep the crowd engaged. I'd seen a few other shows while in the area that week and the band that they had here was the most interactive and fun one I had seen so far.
The biggest plus was there was tons of tables and chairs for sitting! As a member of the would-be grandmas club, this was crucial to my enjoyment for the night. 
Hats off to Three Muses! 
PS: They stop serving food early which was a total disappointment because their menu is seriously tasty sounding!I had a wonderful evening there.
Nice, fresh and well prepared tapas, friendly staff, tasty drinks and amazing atmosphere.
Gulf fish Cevice: excellent. Fish well prepared. The blend  of the sweet mango with the herbs and fish really bring this cevice to life. Too bad that dish (and that's my only complain) was way over-salted.
Pork belly: cooked to perfection. delicate (not oily) and well seasoned.
Lamb sliders: perfect patty seasoning and great tomatoes puree.
but the best of all tapas was....
The shrimps tempura. bit sour, bit sweet, crunchy, perfectly cooked.it's a modern version of the tempura where the shrimps are not deep fried but the crush is actually spread over the shrimps. EXCELLENT.
Fries are fries.
The best of this place is the jazz band that was playing that night. Amazing skilled and talented musicians while you enjoy delicate food. Everything was perfect!
Note: you must book a table with operable otherwise you'll have 1 to 2 hours wait.Love!! We got there right at 5:00 as they were opening on New Years Eve and without  reservations, we grabbed seats at the bar. Heather was awesome! She made killer drinks and was a really good time! The food was excellent, the atmosphere was cozy and perfect and all of the staff were fantastic. We actually ended up coming back after the NYE fireworks to finish our night there! Definitely coming back next time we are in New Orleans!I had the lamb sliders, my wife had the duck pizza.  Both were amazing.  The duck pizza was light but filling.  
The lamb burgers had an exotic taste to me since I have not had lamb in years.  Music was good, but a bit loud for such a small venue. I will go back to this place again..So much to muse about the Three Muses! Located in the heart of the French Quarter, it's one of the few spots that boasts live music and full meals (not just bar food) and specialty cocktails.
They normally take reservations but we visited on Labor Day around 8 or 9 p.m. and didn't have a wait. I ordered their version of a margarita and it was delicious. It included jalapeno but it was understated and the heat didn't really factor that much. I ordered the bulgogi rice bowl and was so impressed when it came out. It's a hearty size and is so layered in flavor that every bite was a delight.
The waitstaff was a bit spotty but not anything too terrible to deal with and the live music that night was enjoyable. The band interacted with the crowd and even sang 'happy birthday' to the tables who were celebrating birthdays that night/weekend.
If you want a good meal while enjoying live music, definitely make a stop at Three Muses!This place is great, I really didn't want to love it bc I'm such a fan of green goddess. However, this sister restaurant is just a lovelyPrices are high but theres creative cocktails and trendy food. Lamb sliders were amazing and the feta fries were tasty although I do wish there were some sauce or another cheese on them.
I'll def be back.We had pork belly, bacon dates, fish taco and rice bowl. The pork belly is really good. I like it the most. The fish taco is a little bland to my taste. The music was pretty good when we went there. We sit at one of the high chairs on the side and we got great view without being too close to the band. It was perfect. We also had a brownie as dessert. But it is not very memorable.As with all other places on Frenchmen, the music was awesome. I enjoyed this place because it pretty hip feel too it. Nice art on the walls, cool furniture, dim lighting. We order the Banana Streudel with Mexican Chocolate Ice Cream and I really enjoyed the dish. The streudal was flaky, bananas were very sweet but the bitterness of the chocolate balanced it out. What really completed the taste was the cinnamon. It added the right touch of spice to complete the dish.
The ambiance and music was great. Dessert was delicious. The only downfall was their cheese... not so awesome.
Cheers!Here for a medical convention. HATE Bourbon Street. If I wanted another fraternity party, I'd go back to college. The three muses has GREAT:
1. Food- really great in a dive bar atmosphere. Yes, I've eaten at the best, the food here is superb!
2. Music- excellent local talent, loud enough, but you can talk.
3. Short wait- You can get in with only a little wait, but the bar has great drafts, so who cares?
4. Walkable from the convention center/downtown, safe neighborhood. 
Go go go! Try the seafood risotto, fried green tomatoes and crab... Just go! Trust me!!!It thought it would be hard to get a res on a Saturday night, I called ahead & Candice the hostess was amazing! She worked us in & every bit of food I put into my mouth was delish! -chopped salad, scallops, mac & cheeseWould you believe me if I said the best thing I've tasted on my visit to NOLA is from Three Muses?
OK hear me out.
I ask my tour guide where the best place is to chill, drink, and listen to some music around here. He suggests a handful of places on Frenchmen street, one of them being Three Muses. The yelp reviews intrigued me when I read the place is co owned by a person who is half Korean. Then I see some pictures that seem like fusion food. Interesting...
Despite my tour guide's suggestion of arriving their early in the evening to get a seat, my BF and I slack and get there around 10. Place is packed and I'm scared we can't try the food anymore. Thankfully, we can order food at the bar and MORE thankfully, someone gets up to let us sit down.
MY god, the Kurobuta Pork Belly was sooo delicious! I highly recommend this item as it was the best thing out of everything we ordered. The Pork Belly is cooked ever so soft, and the flaky pastry thing it was resting on was so savory. And the sauce and scallions...MMmmmM. Lamb sliders were also great and so were the fries, and the drink selection was also amazing.
So what's not to like about a place where you can get awesome food, drink some tasty beer, and listen to really really good music? Try this place now!Had dinner last night with 3 friends. The food was amazing! Everything we ordered (max n cheese, fish tacos, steak n cake, rice bowl and some other items) was delicious! The music was amazing, the service was great (our waiter was Alex- he was awesome). Awesome experience all the way around!I liked Three Muses a lot more than I thought I would. It's definitely a small plates place - don't go there thinking you're going to order an entree. 
Definitely make a reservation - they are strict about tables. You get an hour and a half, or at least we did for two people. But we didn't feel rushed, although the hostess will tell you when your time is up.
Went with a girl friend and we ordered the Italian baked Mac & Cheese, Falafel Crusted Fresh Mozzarella, Tempura Shrimp, Steak & Cake, and the Cream Cheese Brownie.
The Mac & Cheese was pretty good, not my favorite dish. Loved the Falafel Crusted Mozzarella - unique dish and tasty! Tempura shrimp were my favorite, so fresh and delicious. The sauce is really great. The Steak & Cake was good - the beef was the star and the crab cake was so, so. I thought it was a little mushy. 
Kind of wish they had a better dessert menu that matched their creative plates. I don't think a cookie or a brownie go with the other dishes they serve and excel at. 
Really cool atmosphere and good location. Very small but the music was just right!
FYI: My friend ordered a Sprite - was given a small glass bottle and it was $3. Really the only disappointment.
Talked to another couple there who was thinking of returning the next time to order the dishes  we ordered!This was quite a surprise. We will never ever step a foot into this establishment. Hostess was so rude. She made us feel like peasants. She was a blond not very attractive woman on June 22, 2016 at 8:45pm. My husband leaned his ear towards the door to hear the music that was playing. She was blocking it completely and he gently put his fingertips on her shoulder, very unobtrusive, she turned and said "sir, don't touch me!" With a look to go with it, that said this man is touching me inappropriately. She made us feel awful. We will never go in this establishment. We have been here three times and never encountered any treatment quite like this.  I hope the owners take this review seriously, because we frequent this area often as does our extensive family, not only will we never visit this establishment but we will also urge our friends and family to walk past the doors of the " Three Muses".Pretty cool joint.
A little tight, but the music was on, and 15-year old looking kid blastin sax that night was ON.
Recommended.This was by far one of my favorite places on my recent trip to New Orleans.  Our sweet bartender at dba overheard that I was a vegetarian and suggested my friend and I try it out.  The atmosphere is quaint, cute, and comfortable. It helped that we stopped by on a local artists showcase night.  I'll tell you, I never expected the best country voice I've heard live to come out of a scruffy looking hipster!  Service was very slow as it seemed they were running with two bartenders and no servers, but luckily the atmosphere and being on vacation cured any impatience I had.  
As far as food goes, our ceviche was delicious.  We also ordered the butternut ravioli with brown butter... which was lacking.  I didn't expect the ravioli to be sitting in an entire inch bath of brown butter and would have much preferred a light brush of it.  Overall though, I really enjoyed the selection and the tapas style dishes because who doesn't like sharing?
Frenchman was definitely my favorite area of Nola and Three Muses is a running contender for number one on that block.The food, the drinks, the music. Make a reservation now and you won't regret it. Bonus points for a knowledgeable wait staff who make excellent drink suggestions. I love the vibe of this place.We saw a fantastic jazz quartet while in New Orleans here, and the blueberry martini...yum!  You MUST go to Frenchmen's Street to listen to music, most of the bars there have live music every night.my friend and I had reservations and were seated in the last seat on a busy Wednesday night. There was a great 5 piece band playing and it didn't overwhelm the acoustics. The main problem was service...we sat there for 15 minutes as server after server passed us by with no eye contact, and when the server finally came to us our closely seated neighbor bogarted him and out in a drink order and some more food before we could even order a cocktail. You would think that he would have turned and taken our order but it want another ten minutes until he returned and I had given up and gone for cocktails already...which I was happy I did because the bartender out on quite a show of talent in preparing the drinks! The tapas were good, especially the noodles. Eclectic menu, excellent drinks-just don't forget to pack your patience:)Oh Hell to the yes. Ma Moons Bulgogi Fice Bowl, with duck egg ! Korean food in New Orleans !!!!!!!!
Tempura Shrimp. And Butternut Squash Ravioli. All flippin' amazing. Good music.
Lickety split service, ate at the bar, surpassed the 1 1/2 hr wait for a table .
I freaking love this placeOpen table allowed me to make a reservation for 9:30pm. I get there and  the band says, we have 3 more songs and then we're off. My 4 person party and I don't get seated until 9:45pm, at which point  the waiter says the kitchen closes at 10pm AND we're out of about 5 things on the menu. 
Why let anyone make a reservation that late, IF  we are going to have to wait to be seated and not have time to listen to the band AND not have time to enjoy the food OR order anything else!! 
NOT a good New Orlean experience!Thank you Yelpers for helping us find such a gem of a spot! Three Muses feels like a little private nightclub right on very busy Frenchman Street! There is a small stage and we heard two wonderfully talented quartets during the 3+ hours we spent there.
The menu consists of a good variety of delicious tapas & the portions were good too! My date & I shared the cauliflower bruschetta, tempura shrimp, a pasta with duck confit & a couple other things.. All very, very tasty!! Wine list is Outstanding & believe me I am picky!!! Servers & hostess were very friendly & welcoming! Can't wait to go back!Love this place!  Only place to sit is the Bar where you are over the chatter of dining patrons and you get to watch the performers and artisans at the Bar.  They use fresh juices daily and create amazing concoctions.  Am trying the lambs sliders based on other reviews.Found this place Yelp and tried it out. Awesome atmosphere. Small plate dishes which was perfect. Local entertainment which was the best, 4 person group, lead was a woman who played the alto sax, clarinet, piano and ice bucket and also sang. Great place, get there early or make a reservation.I'm not sure why the negative reviews for this restaurant. It's very good. Nice selections on the menu. Everything we tried was good. They don't give their food away, but you get what you pay for and in my opinion it was well worth the price. During our one week stay in New Orleans, this ranked well above mid-range. Plus it's located right in the heart of the live jazz district of Frenchman. Eat a nice meal and listen to some awesome music just down the street. How cool is that?Adorable restaurant! Cozy atmosphere (quite small but that's another reason I loved it) and the band was amazingly talented. I got the Bulgogi rice bowl with fried egg on top and friends got the lamb sliders and fish tacos....So delicious! Favorite cocktails are the Earl Grey and the Minor Swing margaritaAfter being at Three Muses twice, I can confidently say they're inconsistent.  First time was one of the best meals I've had in a while, but the second was the most disappointing meal I've had in New Orleans.  
To start, getting a table for 5 on a Saturday at 8:30PM was pretty miserable.  We were told to "check back every 10 minutes" for a starting 45 minute wait.  After 45 minutes, we were told to "check back every 5 minutes."  Really?  Fine, food was awesome, we'll play your game (the live music venue beside them is awesome).  
We finally were seated, and ordered food.  It wasn't all bad, but it was definitely inconsistent and average at best.  Smoked salmon ravioli was completely saturated with dill, to the point of being one-note.  The gnocchetti sounded great on paper, but they forgot to put the panchetta, rendering the plate completely flavorless due to the lack of salt.  The duck in the duck pasta was completely overcooked to the point of nearly duck jerky.  The devils on horseback were soggy and overdone.  
A few standouts though were the sliders and the deviled eggs, and the cocktails were delicious.  Maybe their chef was in the weeds or they had the B-squad in on a saturday night.  Either way, unfortunately I won't be going back after this one.  a 5* and a 2* experience don't lend me to trying for the "3rd time's a charm" experience.  sigh.Had steak and (crab) cake.  Ambiance and music was excellent.  Service was a little slow.  Pricing was reasonable.Met Jennifer E and her hubby here for dinner.  The place is small.  There were five us is and we sat at a table for four.  The restaurant has a bar, stage for the band, and different size tables and chairs.  The food was tapas style servings.  
I ordered the beef, kimchi, rice bowl and small order of tempura shrimp.  Others at the table had : lamb sliders, pork belly, scallops, and fish tacos.  We also had an assorted cheese & meat plate to start.  For desert we had a brownie with ice cream and a marshmallow pie.  Everything I tasted was really, really good.  The band we saw was great.This was our last--and favorite--stop in New Orleans. Part of that was the band (Loose Marbles), but the bar itself was great too. 
The food was terrific. Try the lamb sliders; they were out-of-this-world good. The eggplant bruschetta was great. To my taste, the mac and cheese was just "good," but in fairness to that dish, I had it only after the two other fantastic dishes, so my expectations may have been unreasonable.
The beer and cocktail selections were excellent, and the server was very helpful and attentive.We arrived just in time before the place became packed.  It was Friday night and we wanted drinks, music, and maybe a bite to eat.  We sat at the bar and ordered the specialty cocktails.  Bf got the dirty martini and I got the rum/ginger beer concoction.  Both were tasty.  sweet vibe. happy ppl, cool band and the food looked and smelled amazing although we didn't eat. it was a sweet night out for a couple of yankees.My experience? Good...okay. It needed some flavoring. Too expensive for the size. 
The attitude? Horrible. We got there precisely at 5 pm. There was a "young man" who took the seat at the door to let us in at 5:05. That said, we were the first ones in there. They asked if we had reservations. Since we didn't they told us to sit at the bar. Mind you the whole time we wed there maybe 5 tables got seated. 
The red headed bartender had an attitude that should never have been in the service industry. She and the dude at the door blinded me to anything possible. She was snarky, show off, condescending and just plain old rude. She pranced around behind the bar like she knew everything. Yes, thus 30 something ruined my experience. 
If food is so so then the whole experience can be changed by the attitude of the staff. I guess I don't get the whole "hipster" thing. 
I'm not sure why it got all the fives. My experience echoed the other twos and threes.These were the best cocktails we had in all of our stay in NOLA, hands down - and the pork belly dish is absolutely to die for.My dining companion and I ended up at Three Muses by complete accident. We've made it our mission to eat at some of the more "acclaimed" restaurants throughout the city, and after trying to get into Adolfo's and failing miserably, we walked down the street to Three Muses.
It was unusually busy for a Saturday night. It was nearly nine and every place was packed. We walked up to the door and explained to Candice, the nice woman working the door, that we didn't have reservations and that we had just been turned away from our "Plan A". She was completely understanding, and told us that they were fully booked, but she would see what she could do. Well, Candice totally came through and she lead us to a small but perfect table right in the front.
Looking over the menu, I was pretty excited. Three Muses is a "small plates" place, so that means sharing. I'm usually not a huge "hey let's share" kind of person, when it comes to food that isn't sushi, but I could get into this.
We decided on the lamb sliders, the fries topped with feta, the shells and cheese that comes topped with bacon and the steak and cake, which is a sliced steak on top of crab cake.
All of the food was amazing. I think that my favorite had to be the shells and cheese. I found the Three Muses version to be a nice twist on a childhood classic and the bacon was a nice touch. My second favorite was the lamb sliders that had a lot of flavor and of which I could have definitely eaten another order.
There was live music playing while we ate, and while I thought that the band was a little loud for the small space, I found that it was a nice touch.
I had a great time here and I will definitely be dining at Three Muses again.One of our best nights started out here! Make sure to grab a reservation! It's a great place for small plates, good drinks and great music in an intimate setting.Awesome all the way around!
You expect a great atmosphere when you're on Frenchmen street, but Three Muses has a really cozy feel to it that just makes you want to come in and stay forever.  We had a great band when we were there and were able to grab a table right by the bar so all we had to do to place an order is turn around and say what we wanted - that made the experience even better (otherwise you would have to walk up to the bar to place your order).
The food is simply outstanding.  We had:
Steak and Cake - Nicely cooked slices of steak coupled with a PERFECTLY prepared crab cake (just enough crisp on the outside).
Pork Belly - Excellent.  Served on little pancakes with some apple slices.  Just a great dish.
Feta Fries - A must have.  Good fries, lots of feta, seriously you can't go wrong with this one.
We loved everything we ate here, and ran out of time before we could order desserts, I'm sure those would've been awesome as well.  The drinks here are nicely prepared as well and fairly creative as far as the combinations.
Just a great, great place.  Absolutely LOVED it.If I lived in Nola, this is where I'd want to hang out with friends. Cool easy going vibe, table seating and some great music. A fun 40s style trio the other night. One bartender was really lacking, all around bitchy, but maybe just a bad day. Would still go back since it's such a nice easy going vibe when Frenchmen is getting a little crazy outside.