Decent bar tucked in a pocket right off Bourbon.  Go here to avoid the tourists, and for cozy decor you can (usually) have a conversation in.I love this place because I can bring my dog in here and the prices are reasonable - 1 cocktail, grilled chicken sandwich with fries and fried pickles for less than $20!  
What I didn't love was the bartender.  When I asked for a menu she seemed bothered and said I would have to return it because it was the only one they had.  What the heck - are you NOT trying to sell food?  I'm not going to take the menu...I promise.  Besides that I just always felt like I was bothering her when asking for another drink or some condiments.  After hanging out for a while though I realized this was just her personality because she was like this with everyone, even people she seemed to really like.
I did hear that there were 2 for one beer and shot specials - which made me wish I was drinking either of those!
Check it out.  It's a good place for at least a drink, some fried pickles or a spot to enjoy NOLA with your dog!Every man needs his neighborhood bar, and this for me is it.  Delightful bartenders, dark and somewhat dingy atmosphere which is perfect for the setting, great bar snacks, and it's right off the main path.  I'd come back here any time.  Some other folks mentioned some challenges they experienced like non-perfect ribs, or that it's a "dive bar".  Come on man, don't expect the Ritz Carlton when they have two for one PBR specials at 8am.Maybe it's a Dive Bar, but I am a Diver.  Was in search of some late night pub-grub, last Thursday, and the Irish Bar at the end of the street (Fahy's) pointed me to the 3 Legged Dog.  I got there about 20 minutes before Midnight.  The Bartender on duty was Chris, a big, commanding fellow with a long thin beard, who looked like he may have just got off a chopper.  I asked about food and he politely let me know that we were approaching the 12 hour shift change - This place runs 24 /7 and he had been on since noon - so it would be 20 minutes before I could get food.  He recommended the Ribs which they slow smoke on premises.  So I ordered and asked for twenty minutes worth of beer.  He gave me two bottle for one and stuck one on ice.  Then he went in back and produced the ribs in about 10 minutes after all.  Holy cow (or sow) those were delicious ribs, nice smokey flavor with a light crunch of semi-sweet glaze. Hardy helping of hand cut fries, that I didn't want to finish, but I did!  While I was there the guests and staff were quirky and friendly and I felt like this was a place I would want to come back to, anytime in NOLA.No more 3 for 1 drinks and instead it's pay double price for 1 beer apparently.  I was charged $8 for one Abita Amber so since that's more than a six pack at the grocery so... I won't be returning here.  This location is far off the tourist path of Bourbon and should be catering more to locals but as a local I'm not paying such ridiculous prices.4 stars 
This was a hidden gem. We got so lucky that a waitress at another restaurant recommended us to come here for crawfish and it did not disappoint. 
- Ordered: lots of shots and crawfish 
- Food: For $16 the bar tender gives you a take out box and you go to the huge bucket of crawfish and fill up the box as much as you can. I think our box of crawfish was about 3 pounds so it's such a deal! There were potatoes and corn in there too. The crawfish was a little spicy, super flavorful and meaty. I don't normally eat crawfish but this was the best I've had. They had a 2 for 1 beer and shot deal. 
- Service:  the bartenders were cool
- Ambiance: super casual. a dive bar type of feel
- Price: For the box of crawfish that fed 4 people and 4 shots I paid $35. What a deal! 
- Additional comments: I recommend coming here to try some crawfish, cheap drinks, and chillGot introduced to this place by a friend. It may become my new watering hole. I'm a vegetarian, but those who know say it is the best place for crawfish.Ask when their crawfish boil is happening and then get there early.   
Excellent price for ~3lbs of bugs which are EXPERTLY cooked.  Just the right amount of spice and fixings.  Have eaten 15lbs of bugs this trip and these are the best by far.  Waiting for the second batch so we can have more!
A couple blocks off Bourbon St.Walked in and they were purposely ignoring us. It was 11:10. If you don't want to keep the door opened then just closed it.  No need to open and be rude to us. Walked to Royal House and willing to spend my $$$ there. Got seated right away. Got my wine within five minutes. No better place like this at 11:20 PM.Stumbled upon this place on our last day here. Met some great locals and the raw bartender made us a fabulous Bloody Mary. In fact, I do not like bloodys at all and I couldn't leave without ordering one. Thanks!God do I love this place! The staff and owner are all just so welcoming.  My husband and I visited the Three Legged Dog on two occasions, during a recent trip to NOLA, along with our dog.  The food is fantastic (home made) and the drinks are cheap.  The smoked wings Todd made for the Saints game were the best I have ever had.  I just wish we had not missed the craw-fish boils they have during the Summer. Great atmosphere and people. Stop in with your dog (or husband)!!A diamond in the rough, and totally the place to go when you're done with the tourist traps. Watched the Giants play Dallas here. All around great atmosphere, good people and surprisingly tasty (and affordable) BBQ and burgers! 
Also, I love the tater tots. We'll be back, for sure.Definitely trust the crawfish reviews on this place. It's sketch from the outside and I don't know that I'd be going here just to hang out but if you want a good crawfish experience while visiting New Orleans.. this is the place. Seems like they have it every night at 6pm (I'd suggest calling the day of to confirm). Get there 20 minutes early to get a spot and wait for the giant tub of crawfish to be served! You get a to go container from the bartender and fill it up as much as you can. They were so good! My friends and I each ate our own container full, but we saw others sharing. Definitely worth it! And it's cheap! Will be going back on my next visit.Crawfish was hot, spicy, and delicious! I've never had pineapple with my crawfish boil before, but it was amazing. You scoop your own crawfish to fill a to go box so no need in getting any of the extras you'd rather not eat. You can fill the box for $15! Bottled beers are 2 for the price of 1 and mixed drinks are doubles for the price of singles. Oh, they are boiling crawfish 7 days a week right now!!A great non-touristy bar only a couple blocks from Bourbon street. While I was there the cliente seemed to be service workers from Bourbon street (bartenders, wait staff, etc.) who had either just got off their shift or were about to start it. I was able to get a unique prespective on the city by talking with them. A great place to drink if you wnat to avoid the insanity of Bourbon Street.This is a bar, yes.. but my girl friend and I didn't come here to drink. We came here to do laundry! (As silly as it sounds).
This was the closest place in the French Quarter from where we were staying (Maison Dupuy) that had washers/dryers AND was open late. When I say late, I mean really late! So this place being open 24/7 was a big plus for us 'cause our stay in NOLA was so busy that we didn't have time to make it to all the other nearby laundromats (which close at 10PM). We strolled in a little after 12AM, popped in a few quarters in the machines in the back room, and had ourselves a little drink and chitchat in the bar area while waiting for our clothes to wash/dry. Pretty awesome, no?
Total dive bar. Doesn't seem tourist-y even though it's just a few blocks away from Bourbon. If you look up towards the ceiling, you'll find plenty of marked-up dollar bills, bras, and panties. Will keep this place in mind if I'm ever in the area again and need to do some last- minute laundry!We found this place while I was apartment hunting in the FQ during Halloween.  We decided to make this our jumping point for the rest of the weekend.  Absolutely loved it here.  No pretentious jerkiness in sight!  Halloween night was especially fun with everyone taking pictures of one another and buying eachother drinks.  I believe most, if not all, were locals.  I can't comment on the food, but the drinks were magnificently strong and we didn't even bother buying drinks on Bourbon...why when this place is about a block away and so so so much better.  When I move, you doggy, will be my new spot.Disgusting. Went in pretty late one night with the intention of getting food.  Small roaches crawling all over the bar. I counted 7 running around in just the small area I was sitting. Bartender looking sloppy as shit with his hairy back and dingy wife-beater had to notice but seemed to not give a fuck. Would never eat anything here. I guess ths drinks are fairly cheap but whatever. Went to Deja Vu a block away and had a much better experience.Locals' spot in the quarter with pretty solid food 
Favorites are: Porkchop sandwichTheir Crawfish is amazing! So tasty and delicious. Right amount of spice and flavor. 
The owner is extremely nice and he even let me go back for a little more since it was my birthday.Great little bar.  Has crawfish on several nights a week a 6pm.   It was seasoned perfect .  The bartenders were friendly and along with great conversation with the locals and other vacationers.Warning: if you're looking for ambience, you should skip this place. If you're willing to look past decor and really want that crawfish experience, this is a hidden gem. It's a hole in the wall, with flies everywhere and the place gets busy at 6pm for the crawfish so get here by 5:45 if you want a seat.I love this place 2-for-1 every thing way sweet & I do my wash at the same time. I live in the quarter and I love to go set and talk to the peolpe who work there and they are gay friendly.. They are just good quarter peolpe. Go eat ,drink, and do your wash at the same time. Love it..The service here was terrible. We placed a food order at the bar and as we waited at our table my fiancé was hit multiple times with lime wedges. The bartender was trying to get his attention. That is completely unacceptable behavior.  I would give this bar 0 stars if I could.Friendly staff. Excellent services. Good alcohol. Wonderful fresh crawfish boil that is cheap and tasty. Everything you ever need in a bar.Man these bartenders really know how to deal with weirdos(mainly me) was in town in vacation Easter weekend, looking for a crawfish boil. Found one. Also found the habanero that was a big as a bell pepper( that's what I mistaked it for). All in all I died a little but I had a great timeThis is one of my favorite hangouts when I'm in New Orleans. I've been coming here for the past eight or ten years. This is a place without any douchebaggery (a term coined by the infamous Nikki) whatsoever and that's the way I like it. The Dog has one of the best beer lineups and consistently strong drinks in the french quarter and one of the best and longest serving staffs. This is also the only place to get LaBatte blue and Tiger beer  for the two for one special. This is a 24 hour bar so anytime is a good time to drop by. Its location in the french quarter is impeccable since it's only two blocks away from the world-famous Bourbon street. The cuisine is your typical bar food so don't expect anything spectacular on the menu. However, the price and quality of the food is what makes you come back, I highly recommend the chicken club salad. This is one of the few places where locals and visitors mingle with ease. Its got an exceptional satellite jukebox where you can find anything from Analbreath to Travis "The Twat" Tritt. This place also has the biggest LCD TV in the quarter so this is a prime spot to watch college or NFL football or any other major sporting event. It's so amicable that I've seen people fall asleep drunk on the bar and left to finish out their nap in peace. This is a place where strippers, bar-backs, bartenders, waitresses, hoodlums and vagrants converge to ease pain after their shifts are up. In short, LOVE THIS PLACE.will not be back due to the sign posted above the bar saying "SEXUAL HARRASMENT WILL NOT BE REPORTED HOWEVER IT WILL BE 'GRADED"
in an establishment responsible for serving alcohol I find this highly offensive whilst simultaneously enabling those likely to sexually harass and possibly assault patrons. As a woman sexual harassment takes place on a daily basis and when I go to have a drink I'd like to feel that I'm handing my money over to a place that respects the safety of its patrons. a bar shouldn't advocate drinking and driving because it's against the law and very dangerous and thus a bar should not advocate sexual harassment because it's also against the law and very dangerous.
 besides the poor taste in music (scene kid music from 2008 ... a day to remember, yellow card, staind, breaking benjamin etc etc whatever) the food was mehLove this bar! I spent half of my trip here :) also a lot of industry people as well as Chicago people!!! Love it!My favorite place to go when in New Orleans! If you want to spend some time in New Orleans away from the craziness of bourbon but with a great taste of Nola, this is the place to go!! The drinks are always 2 for 1 and the food is to die for! Every Wednesday and Saturday night there are crawfish boils... Never a dull moment at the dog! 
Todd is always coming up with genius ideas for the menu so check out what he is cooking up!!!It's a total dive bar but they're really friendly! Good drink specials! Ask for Lydia!Great location, very laid back and friendly staff. I appreciated their beer selection and the old school New Orleans attitude. We got crawfish at the very tail end of the season and it made our night finding a place that served it. We got there late so it was a little cold, but still flavorful, especially with all the added ingredients!Love this place,  bartender Lee is awesome and very caring. It's a local joint, but we felt very welcome.  You have not visited New Orleans if you don't at least have a drink here.  The two for one is a great deal. And if you are lucky, it's one of the nights where they have boiled crawfish. It's not just the food, it's an experience. The crowd is friendly, it felt very safe and friendly. highly recommend itBEST CRAWFISH IN NOLA! 
Hands down I love the balance of flavors in their crawfish, the spicy with the sweet from pineapple is just perfect. It might sound weird to "traditionalists" but it just works so well!! 
Yes it's a dive bar, basically treat the staff with respect and they will show you a lot of love, give them attitude and they will give it right back. Don't like it, then stay the hell out! And go to those shi shi less flavorful restaurants that cater to wiping you a$$ more than making you food and giving you great conversation and efficient service.The crawfish was amazing. The beers were good and the atmosphere was on point for the occasion. Lots of places are boilin but this place boils right!Stumbled into this bar on one of my trips to New Orleans and I don't know why or how- but they have the best bloody mary in New Orleans. I've tried a lot of them over the years and hands down- this is my favorite. Staff is low key and friendly and the snacks and great. Stopping by here has turned into a New Orleans must for my friends and I.The place where everyone is welcome. Service is definitely not fast, but when the locals tell you it's the place to go for crawfish, it's worth checking out. The fried pickles were great! The fried Mac and cheese was good, but I'd recommend the pickles. The crawfish tho.  Great heat, nice veggies, the little sausage links were off, but the pineapple took it to a whole other level. 4 beers and all you can load in your box for 28 plus tip. Great drink prices. So good went back the next day for crawfish, but they had already ran out. Would have been good to know before we paid. Be daring and you will be rewardedSimply the wizards of crawfish! I have had lots of crawfish and this is by far my favorite! I come here mainly for that and the great service. Other than that it's a dive bar.......Simply put they have amazing crawfish, good beer and great service! I'll be back! One totally messed up thing I noticed is that the never have soap in the bathrooms! Must be because of all the dirty fingers covered in that delicious crawfishy goodness! Chow down you won't be sorry!Love this place!  Had a blast being served by Blake and Jason (aka - Lunchbox). They have a big tub in the back filled with crawfish, corn, artichokes, garlic, sausage and potatoes and it's phenomenal.  This place is a little gem off the beat and path of bourbon and they're open 24 hours a day.  Do not miss out on this experience.2 for 1 beers, shots as doubles and a crawfish broil.  What more can you ask for.  
Great bartender as she worked her ass off making sure everyone had drinks and food. All around great spot to go.Stopped in for the crawfish. Amazing! Awesome recipe, spicy, great taste. Best crawfish I've had in New Orleans!Great little dive bar, Blake was a rockin bartender!  Have already been here two nights in a row...drinks and crawfish....what more could you ask for!!This is a review for their CRAWFISH BOIL...
This place is a disgustingly wonderful dive bar.  All drink orders (except drafts) are "doubles", typical New Orleans dive bar.
The crawfish boil is something special though.  They do it (I think) three times a week, and it's fantastic.  For $16, you get a large foam take-out container to completely fill with as much as you can. And it's excellent.One of the best places for crawfish! Offers good variety of cocktails. Busy place and surprisingly organized.  Would definitely be back if we were to come back to the area.As a local who comes here often enough to know the experience never really goes as follows, I want to make sure due credit goes where due credit deserves...
The bartender tonight was such a garbage person in desperate need of attention, that he kept instigating a rather obnoxious screaming match with someone on the other end; who continued to call back & facilitate the excuse for him to be overly dramatic at like a level 9 to anyone he could get into ear shot. about every detail. that nobody cared about. at the top of his lungs. This would be entertaining if there weren't people, including myself, trying to put orders in that he was too immaturely preoccupied to actually do. This is a place where industry folk like myself of the FQ come into drink their troubled work night away, or to either drown out a hangover pushing it at bay, or keep the party going. The entire bar looked like we were all stuck in an awkward fight between a couple breaking up on a double date. When I asked him for my drink, he made fun of my shit & then threw ice all over the bar by trying to smash as much from a large overfilled glass into my much smaller glass. as hard as possible. When I finally got my food, he bigass burped right in my face. Cute right? His attempts at showboating, being oh-so-fun & cool came off as insecure, drunk, & incapable of multitasking with liquor. He argued every bit of my friend trying to soberly explain her exact, & not complicated, order. He jealously kept picking on my other friend for being a fun regular with the other employees & customers he knows well. Later when my friend's food never came & she asked for her money back so she could just go home, he argued with her over her even putting the order in to begin with, & then over the amount of the refund. When she asked to see the menu for the prices to help out with the math of it all, he immediately tried to deflect from the fact that he obviously overcharged us in the first place & was too drunk to figure out what he did to fix it, by yelling at my other friend for "interjecting" into a conversation he was already a part of & kicks him out.  He attempts compromising by saying he'll take off the food she never got & only charges her $5 for her drink which she is still trying to pay full price for (minus the absent order). Every time she asks a legitimate question, he turned back to keep the fight going with my other friend to get out of his bar. From outside, I overhear as he tells everyone still sitting at the bar that "now he has to pay for all the food she just sat there & ate but didn't want to pay for." We over paid for every gawd damn thing. We withheld commentary on soooooo many unprofessional actions. 
Look bro I see you, & just because you're bald, have ridiculous taste in chin hair, are pathetically inept at your job, a tacky drunk, & suck at life doesn't change the fact that I'm not some tourist that will definitely be back to *specifically* ruin your shifts on purpose with as many petty tactics you pulled on me & my friends tonight when you don't remember any of this next time. I'll just be much better at it. You don't even know...This place is amazing!  Bartender is so nice and efficient.  Crawfish boils are fresh, meaty and a reasonable price.  Best crawfish in the Quarter!Never coming here again. Very unprofessional establishment. Bartender was so rude after us explaining to the bartender that we wanted 2 rounds of shots, 5 and 5, separate transactions... easy enough right? Clearly not. His logic was why not have double shots in one big shot glass. That's not wtf we want clearly it's easier for half shots for us or whatever the case may be.  So the bartender smacked the other 5 shotcups out the way. What was the need for that? Then we asked the manager how can he allow that type of behavior and he defended him stating because he's his brother so his excuse was he rather him smack cups out the way than blow up on us customers? Seriously? I really try not to play the race card but that's what was given off because even upon entry a sly remark was stated. Then we asked the manager hey can you play some hip hop or RnB, he stated no we can't play that kind of music. Really? Okay. Pros: after that situation escalated he played some old school hip hop guess that was his version of damage control‍ I'll pass. I know where we're welcomed and not welcomed.Stopped in for a drink on a recent Saturday night while barhopping down Burgundy, and found it was 2 for 1 (all the time apparently). Decent bottled beer selection, so 2 for 1 was a bonus. Tried to play darts vs a couple other revelers, but bar darts were so bad we had to stop mid-game. Doesn't seem like the type of place that would have good food, but my local friend concurs w/ other reviewers that the food here is solid.
Overall, decent place to stop in for a drink or 2 (for 1!)...Loved this place ! The two bartenders were the best! Of course we missed the crawfish night but they let me play with one. Of course they threw him out afterwards but I love the environment; quite yet Touristy! But still in the French qtr!Good option for tourists, bad option for anyone who has had a real boil. It is also expensive. That being said, if you want the experience and don't know a local having a crawfish boil, go here. The boil is heavy on clove flavor, so avoid it if you hate that spice. Overall the staff was okay and the bathrooms were disgusting! I would never go back.Home of the wizards of crawfish....my words not theirs! I have had lots of crawfish and this is by far the best ever! I come here mainly for that and the great service. Other than that it's a dive bar.......Simply put they have amazing crawfish, good beer and great service! I'll be back!Thank you to Daniel from Jersey for suggesting to CALL AHEAD! He was right: Crawfish on Saturday was 12 am to 4 am. Oh, and they didn't air the Pacquaio fight. When I made it in later in the evening/early AM, Cheers was on. Go fig.
This place has super high reviews from you guys on Yelp for some reason; and like a few other things I've experienced in NOLA, I'm suspecting that the inflation is alcohol-related. I noticed that he was having a hard time getting service as he kept chasing different bartenders back and forth (the place was only about 40% capactiy). It was cool, yes, that the crawfish had pineapple. Not cool was no corn, and no flavor minus the crawfish being super gamey, and frankly, the crawfish was pretty dirty. Cheap though. It was also orange, so it was overcooked. Overrated and disappointing, even for bar food.Amazing Blake and regular Houston make this place awesome. Just off bourbon street, which makes it local and cozy. It's away from the touristy part of bourbon street which makes it the most fun.The burgers at Three Legged Dog are fantastic!! The mushroom Swiss burger I just ate was the best burger I have eaten in the French Quarter! Don't believe me, then go see the ladies & try a burger for yourself. Inexpensive drinks & a 12ft tv screen are added bonuses to accompany your burger at Three Legged Dog.Awesome place , friendly bartenders , cheap beer ! And the most importantly was their crawfish !!! I didn't get a chance to place an order because it was sold out but they did give me whatever was left with no charge and it was soooo good !!! If I ever go back I am stoping by again !!!The staff is wasted, the female bartender is barking like a dog. Cockroaches everywhere. Filthy bathroom. Drinks are decently priced, but the bartender ran out of alcohol while pouring my drink and didn't even notice, he's obviously had too much to drink. The tables look like they haven't been wiped down in weeks. This is a sad sad place. Dog friendly though, that's why they get 1 star.Came here on a Saturday night which was perfect because they had a crawfish boil! $12.00 and you can fill the box up! *delicious* The crawfish is cooked perfectly and has a spicy kick too it, without it being drenched in sauce. 
The employees were super nice and fun. A nice change from Bourbon Street and all that madness.Never been to New Orleans and I'm from Manhattan.  I just had the best Bloody Mary I have ever had. Ask for Oliver, he cooks great food and makes the best bloody Mary's!  Great place friendly service down right the coolest bar in the French quarter!  Take a look and have a few drinks!This place was recommended to us by a waitress from another restaurant. We went for the crawfish. It was delicious. It was extremely fresh and had great flavor. Call before hand and find out what time they do the boil. Highly recommend this place.Went searching for crawfish at 2am and this hit the spot! Ordered 4lbs of crawfish and waited about 20 min until a new batch was ready. They set out a giant styrofoam container of crawfish boil with mushrooms, corn on the cob, little weinies, and potatoes! Best part is you serve yourself so you can scoop as much as you want into your to-go box! We were scared it wouldn't be as flavorful cooked in such a big batch but it was still delicious! Only gave four stars because the bartenders were not niceWe had just 30 minutes before our "Madam's of New Orleans" to grab something to eat so we ducked into this nearby bar. We ordered burgers and ribs and they were ready in about 10 minutes.  The cook brought the food out and set it on the bar. The Bartender was talking with a man and made no move to bring the food to us or tell us to get it. Since we were in a hurry and it was apparent he had no intention of bringing it to us so we got up and got it ourselves.  Even though we had to eat rather quickly, we did take time to notice that the food was very good!
This is a typical neighborhood bar with the normal type of decor.  There is a large screen for football/baseball games and I am sure this is a hopping place for the games. 
I would recommend Three Legged Dog for a drink or some rather tasty bar food, but don't expect any type of service from the Bartender!The bartender was dismissive, failing to acknowledge us until we waited a reasonable amount of time before attempting to get her attention. We asked, if we had to wait to be seated and her response was to ask for our identification. First, time that has ever happened, but if that's their policy, it was a simple enough request. We supplied two military IDs, which she barely looked at, never actually inspecting them for our D.O.B. She then scoffed, before saying, "sit wherever" and went back to eating and serving simultaneously!  She was eating what appeared to be fries, while she served patrons sitting at the bar. Within three minutes of arriving, not only did I have to clean a table before sitting, but my husband rushed from the men's restroom; he refused to utilize it,  because it was so unsanitary. We chose to leave immediately without having been offered a menu, placing an order or being offered customary courtesy due to patrons.The locals had recommended this place, raving of the food and drinks; however I'm more inclined to tell tourists to AVOID this so called "hidden gem". This was definitely the the worst part of of visit to New Orleans. I do recommend Daisy Dukes, Pier 424 and Fat Katz, they were terrific in every capacity.Great local bar with crawfish that's just $16 for a box, which holds about 4 pounds.Have gone there a couple of times now. Atmosphere divy in a good way. Food good, crawfish boil ExcellentOk so around midnite during crawfish season you can roll in there and get a huge container of mud bugs for like 16 bucks..has it all the sausage, garlic, mushrooms, pineapple, potatoes OMG. Locals and those in the know go.  Wash it down with a cold one.Very dive, overpriced drinks and concession stand food. Very noisy.We came here from Chicago. Blake our bartender was so nice and gave us recommendations of what to do in town. So helpful and friendly. Drinks were great and reasonably priced. Lots of food for the prices too. Crawfish is delicious. The three legged dog doesnt care about yelpers because theyre yelpersNow that we are on a 3 legged dog kick, I offer my .02 cents.
I came in around 5 PM on a weekday with a colleague of mine. We wanted  food and needed  drinks. I got a "Sysco-esque" style salad complete with pre chopped Iceberg and shredded mild domestic cheddar. That is reason why one should not order salad at a bar, but if you are going to offer it on the menu, one should take care that it is quality laded, not quantity driven.
 My colleague was well know there, as he was a regular patron there.  Mt reception was a bit "chilly", but I know, I look like a tourist more than anyone there would, although I have been a local for decades.  The drinks were 2 for 1 and I vaguely remember not having enough time to finish my drinks before I had to leave.  I hope whomever got my second enjoyed it.  
I had no experience in the rest rooms so I can not attest to their conditions.  The crowd was a 5 PM crowd.   
The service, I think was relieved that I was gone, but they had no reason for grievance.  So, all in all, the 3 leg dog gets a 3 STAR, but will not see my 2 legs for awhile.Came here on a recommendation from another bartender. Place is small, bathrooms even smaller. No drink specials, and if you want check separated, you have to tell them before they ring it in. The bartender was kinda cool and so was the cook.
I really came for the mud bugs, but just my luck it's only Mon,Wed, and Fri, and I was there Thurs. So I ordered bbq nachos with extra jalapenos and half slab of ribs. Was told the ribs were cross between texas and kansas city style. The nachos were ok, too many chips and not enough filling. Though I ordered extra jalapenos, it didn't seem like a lot. The ribs tasted good, but were not tender. Could not get a knife to cut them apart, so I had to struggle ripping it apart and holding the half slab as one piece to bite the meat off. Not impressed with the place, and may struggle to decide to come back.Crawfish priced by the take out tray and 2 for 1 beers? Sign me up! My wife & I just had a great breakfast here after trying to find a place that was open on a Sunday morning serving crawfish and it was perfect. Great little dive spot and using pineapple instead of lemon in their boil mix was a brilliant touch. :)I saw this place online and wanted to try it since we have been looking for a good crawfish boil. I was apprehensive walking to the place since we were from out of town and the area was farther away from the hub and seemed shady,but it turned out fine. We came right around 545pm the crawfish is served at 6, there were people at the bar and the seating areas and they all came for the crawfish! Tourists and locals. The beer was well priced ans buy 1 get one at that time. They give you a to go box that you fill up to the brim for $16. It's a fair price for so much food-they had crawfish,sausage,corn,mushrooms and other bits,but everything was deliciousness!!! You scoop your own. The place is definitely not fancy,schmancy, it is a bar. The bartender was super nice. I recommend this place,yesThree Legged Dog is where Running of the Bulls used to start.  There is nothing like getting three for one drinks at 7:00am in the morning before running with the bulls.  Maybe its always three for one happy hour here I'm not sure.  I have vague memories of food being here but I've never eaten any as I've been too busy with three for one drinking.  All I know is that this is a pretty small space and it can be a tight squeeze during crowded events but usually it seems relatively calm compared to the madness of nearby Bourbon Street.  Overall this is a pretty cool dive bar and three for one is always a kick-ass deal so I like the place.Bar spot with tasty crawfish. You pay for the carton ($16.99) and fill up on the crawfish yourself. The carton must close, no refills. The crawfish has been soaked in seasonings but no seasoning on top if that's what you are looking for. Mushrooms, garlic, onions, sausage and potatoes are mixed in and are juicy seasoning sponges. Drinks are cheap, beers are 2 for 1 and cocktails are doubles. Crawfish are big and fat. Great service, bartenders with an edge and humor. Definitely a repeat!Got a pulled pork sandwich and it was pretty good. Good guys that run this place. Could definitely spend some afternoons / evenings at the bar.Good bar, interesting people, lots of tvs, open 24 hours. Dogs welcome. 2 for 1 ($ 7) beers always, decent selection.
It's a great place if your staying in the French Quarter and desire a laid back atmosphere.  It's still a dive bar, but one I'd like to keep going back to.
We didn't get food, but after numerous drinks, those jalapeño tator tots with cheese looked amazing!I was confused when my cousins mentioned that they were anxiously waiting for midnight to eat $16.00 crawfish.  I have always been skeptical to eat crawfish at the very beginning of crawfish season but I must have to admit they were on point. They were well seasoned that included corn, potatoes, mushrooms, & my favorite cloves of garlic. For those who do not like smoke, extreme noise levels, unexplained odors (i.e. sewer, urine, musk, etc.) I highly suggest that you take your crawfish to-go. The staff is nice & friendly.  I will definitely be going back next week.Best Local Bar I went to while I vacationed in NOLA. Everyone was awesome and the food was amazing. Best Crawfish Boil I have ever had. Only thing is, you can't only have one drink, 2 for one all day!!!!!! Best experience ever.Have tried this place a few times because it came so highly recommended. Only once have I had a good experience there. The bartenders are almost always drunk, high, and rude. First time I was there was November. Guy behind the bar was super friendly, though was struggling because the girl he was working with was way to drunk to be at work. Watched her stuggle to do basic things while making it harder on the other guy who was obviously trying to get his and her sidework done. Was dragged there again by some friends in December. Had some drunk white middle aged guy who acted like he owned the place yelling the "N" word across the bar, kept making one of my lady friends uncomfortable, and would not shut up about how he was "Mr. Asshole" or some other dumb nickname. Last time I went here was the worst. Again dragged there by friends. Bartenders acted bothered that I ordered food. I could smell pot smoke coming from the kitchen and one of the bartenders dropped their baggy of what i am guessing to be coke before ducking in the back to obviously do it. He came out of the kitchen with it still under his nose. Both bartenders where also heavily intoxicated. Would not be surprised if they sold drugs out of this place. Mice are everywhere. I  am told their crawfish is good, but the place is to gross for me to ever want to eat anything from there.Stopped in here on the way back from the cemetary because I thought I was going to die of heat exhaustion. It is a pretty typical sports bar-loud and dirty. Drinks were two-for-one but not cheap enough to make it a deal.Me and my friend went in Sunday night and I must say the 2 bartenders are Amazing....super chill and laid back and I love there energy! Will be returning soon !!!