Absolutely amazing brunch spot!! The decor is beautiful and the ambience is absolutely perfect. The location offers a great reprieve from the chaotic atmosphere of bourbon street. 
Our server, Rachel, was fantastic. She was present at the exact right moments and made our whole experience an absolute delight. She made excellent suggestions for our order and was particularly attentive to our bottomless drinks. We never went more than 3 minutes with an empty cup! 
The food was phenomenal. Every dish was accompanied with a perfect sauce or jam pairing that really just put the food over the top. Each one of our dishes had a perfect combination of sweet and salty that was just scrumptious. 
Eating here was the perfect start to a day in NOLA!Menu overshot their skill and took "southern" food somewhere a little too exotic. Not impressed with the food but bottomless mimosas helpedHARD no!!!!!!
you think it's going to be superb  because it's in this gorgeous hotel lobby and you walk thru a garden ... and let's be honest you think you are coming for the bottomless mimosa and bloody Mary bar.... but then you recognize they never re serve you the vodka for the bloody bar... which they never re fill the goodies on it ... 
the mimosas and coffee do NOT get replenished, even when you have 2 servers originally assisting at your table. it's like they can't even help you just keep giving you the one minute finger  to then circle around your table and not bring a thing you previously requested. 
they cleared our table saying they'd prepare us for our food coming out, 45 minutes went by, no joke. and nothing came out.... I personally spoke to the manager who did not provide any encouraging insight as to when our food would be arriving. I pleaded please bring out anything as it was prepared ... at this point wed take anything we could get. 
I've truly never experienced service like this in my LIFE!! we've been sitting here for more than 3 hours now, had to BEG for food to come out.
then when it finally arrived 60 percent of things were incorrect... didn't realize you could f*ck up a cesar salad.... Tivoli and Lee altered my mindset on that one.
I've never one to give a poor review but I could not refrain from writing this one while sitting at the table still!!
this place should stick to mimosas and biscuits bc that is all they can handle.
Ps. you cannot serve unlimited drinks and have no toliet paper in either bathroom. I politely asked for them to service their bathrooms. .. waiting and about to pee my pants. .. I had to re ask again and a third person to be provided TP!
the manager tried to reason with us and i understand we are a large party, but the food was too sub par and service was a pain to my existence. 
simply disgraceful.I love this place. Every time I have eaten here the food is phenomenal, the service is great, and the atmosphere is very relaxed. By far my favorite restaurant.Love the drinks.
Love the all-knowing bar staff. 
Love the food. 
Others have shared their delight, to which I say, "YES!!!"We've come for brunch before and enjoyed the food and the Bloody Mary bar, so we purchased a Groupon for dinner. Unfortunately the dinner was extremely disappointing. The staff was pleasant but the food was so overwhelmingly SALTY!!!
We ordered the kim chi beignets, the lamb meatballs, the gumbo, and the catfish.
Beignets: the first bite was delicious but after that it began to soak up the broth and within 10 seconds it was inedibly SALTY!
Meatballs: totally bland on their own, a little better with the salty veggies. Ironic.
Gumbo: fine
Catfish: the best of the dishes we ordered but I couldn't eat much of it because it was so SALTY!
Including the cost of the Groupon, the meal was around $40 and you couldn't pay me $40 to repeat that meal. I feel swollen.This was the strangest dining experience I've ever had. Horrible service, got charged extra, asked for sugar and got delivered a Tupperware of sugar, totally raw burger, and overall such adequate food. 
2/10 never coming back, would definitely not recommend.I was definitely less than impressed with Tivoli and Lee. We decided to eat Easter Sunday brunch there, and ended up waiting over an hour for our food. The service was fairly comedic, with our drink and food orders having repeated errors, to the point where we had to ask for parts of our meal that never made it to the table. To top it off, we were given incorrect change by our server, and were forced to track her down prior to leaving. On the plus side, the food was tasty once it finally arrived, even if the menu was fairly simple. The restaurant was tastefully decorated and the servers were at least pleasant. Overall, I would recommend skipping Tivoli and Lee unless you're prepared to wait an inordinate amount of time for average food.Completely disappointed. 
I ate here maybe a year ago and absolutely loved it. The food was phenomenal. 
I ate there last night and it was the complete opposite experience.
 I looked at the menu online before purchasing a Groupon for the restaurant about a week or two ago. It was the same menu as the first time I ate there. However, they must've changed the menu as soon as the promotion ended on Groupon because it was completely different. The menu selection was not appealing, but we decided to give it a try since we already purchased a Groupon.  We tried the "bbq shrimp" for an appetizer. It was not real New Orleans bbq shrimp that us locals know. The shrimp were chewy and definitely not fresh. I also think they were just on top of bbq sauce. I got the gulf fish plate and my girlfriend got the shrimp alfredo. My fish wasn't too bad, but the sauce was not so great. The shrimp alfredo was beyond bland. I have never tasted food before from a restaurant that was this awful. I don't think they used a drop of seasoning in the alfredo. Total disappointment. It is so sad too because it could really be a great spot if the menu was back to serving great quality upscale food. We will not be back.Were it not for the unlimited $10 mimosas, this would be a 1-star rating. After walking in to the the restaurant (which was 75-80% full), we waited a full 10 minutes before we were even acknowledged (and that was by a passing waitress). There were at least 4 waitstaff & bussers as well as a bartender working, but no hostess and certainly no one filling-in for the position. When we were finally able to order, the food did arrive in a timely manner. Unfortunately, it was mediocre at best. The buttermilk biscuits were flavorless and the cane sugar butter spread they came with was entirely melted. My "avocado toast" was essentially a bland guacamole with oversized cucumber & radish pieces mixed in on a piece of store-bought toast. I only ate half. My friend had just about the saddest hash browns I've ever seen. It's unlikely that we'll ever return.Just had the most disappointing meal here.  The deviled eggs and crab fritters were fine, but the  shortribs were pure fat and an awful presentation.  It seemed like I was served the last of the provisions in the kitchen--bad cut of meat, few small florets of cauliflower.  The sauce was not bad but there was not any meat to eat with it.  Left nearly as hungry as when I arrived! :(We visited for dinner while on vacation in NOLA. In my opinion, our server made it extremely obvious that she didn't plan on giving us proper service being we were a group of 6 young people. 20% gratuity was added onto the bill. 
I ordered the spaetzle entree minus the quail eggs. It was pretty good, but tiny. Wouldn't recommend - it's not worth the price and isn't filling.This was basically just a waste of our time.  My co-workers and I just returned after NOT eating lunch at this place.  Why?  Because after an hour of waiting, they never brought out our food.  Upon arrival no one was working in the restaurant, we awkwardly stood around for about five minutes before a woman came in from the courtyard to ask us if we had been helped.  No, we hadn't.  She told us to choose a table and we would be helped.  I don't know if what happened after that could be considered "helped".  No beer, wine or cocktails offered at lunch.  Our waiter was underage so we couldn't order drinks, even though they offer one cocktail free with check-in on yelp with the purchase of a lunch or dinner entree.  We were given water and we ordered.  Food NEVER CAME OUT.  After an hour the waiter told us the kitchen was having "technical problems" and that they would comp our whole meal, but it would be out in 3 minutes.  It still never came out.  15 minutes later we walked out, hungry and late back for work.  Thanks.Bottomless mimosas for $10!! When I heard that I had to stop by for brunch. The food was just okay, I've had better breakfast at this place the last time I visited NOLA so I guess the French Toast just wasn't for me. The service was definitely lacking. I didn't have a fork when my food arrived and it took forever to get the waitress attention. She had to be tracked down every time I needed a refill on the mimosa...I was sad to see all the other tables with enjoying their drinks while my table sat with empty glasses:(...I would stop by again in hopes of not getting the same waitress.We booked this last minute for an Easter Brunch. That should have been our first clue that this place wasn't great - open reservations on Easter. We arrived early and our table was ready, probably because there were several tables empty. We sat down and were told our waitress would be with us soon. She came from what I assume was the kitchen 5-7 minutes later. We ordered bottomless mimosas for $10 which was the only redeeming part of the lunch and their tots of the day. Our waitress came back, brought our drinks, and took our orders. I ordered the seafood soup with a fried oyster and shared the pulled pork poboy with blue cheese horseradish coleslaw. We did not see our waitress again for 20 minutes. We had to ask someone else for refills several times throughout the meal. 40 minutes after we ordered, we got our tots - 7 tots for $10. They were good, but seriously over priced. 30 minutes after that our waitress brought out our soup informing us that she was mistaken and the soup did not include a fried oyster. We took it anyway, which was a mistake - my friend aptly called it seafood water. It tasted like seafood, but there was no actual fish or seafood in the soup and was not creamy. Finally we got our entrees another 30 minutes later. The poboy was okay. The bread was too thick for the tiny amount of meat they put on there. There was no horseradish or blue cheese flavor. Overall, this is one of the worst places I've eaten in my three years in New Orleans and I would never go again.We made reservations on 12/19/15.  We showed up at the time of our reservation and weren't acknowledged by anyone for 10 minutes.  After 10 minutes, the bartender asked us to seat ourselves, which wasn't a problem because there were only two other tables taken in the entire restaurant.  Another 10 minutes went by before the waitress made it to us.  She handed us a menu and said she'd be back with the drink menu.  After another 10 minutes, she made it back with our drink menu and said she'd be back to take our order shortly.  After 20 more minutes we just got up and left.  If you're counting, that's 50 minutes of absolutely no service in an empty restaurant.   I could understand if this type of service happened on a night when the restaurant was packed, but when there are only two other tables in the entire place, it's hard to accept.This hotel restaurant had a few issues. You first walk into the dimly lit dining area that is clean, upscale and aesthetically pleasing. Upon seating is where the service lacks as the wait staff  was camped by the bar having a few drinks on the job. It took 15 minutes to wave down our slightly blitzed waitress to order.  As I stepped up to the bar, another patron had warned me of the subpar service and recommended I ate elsewhere, but  I had a hotel credit and a groupon so I figured I would stay and try to make the best of the situation. 
Aside from the lack of service, the food was pretty tasty. I had the blackened grill chicken with mac and cheese, a side of cheese grits and green beans. My friend had the seared grouper with a seafood etoufee.  They also have a pretty comprehensive brunch menu which includes a 10 dollar unlimited mimosa/bloody mary bar!
If you have the time and patience to withstand inept service I would definitely recommend!Be aware that they serve breakfast and brunch at different times...meaning no bottomless mimosas until 10:30 when brunch starts. Being a local from New Orleans, we figured they would be serving alcohol any time....BUT, they made up for it by giving us mimosas to go. 
We had the pancakes. They were really good. I'd go back but will definitely reserve for 10:30, not 10.The food was delicious and service was amazing, but if that is still not enough the $10 unlimited Mimosas during Saturday and Sunday brunch will make it well worth it.After the Hotel Modern housekeeper woke us up at 9:30am on a Sunday, we were hungry and didn't want to go far to eat so we went downstairs. The place was pretty busy, so I understand it taking a little while to get seated, but once we were it took 20 minutes to see a server at the table.  Employees were huddled up in the corner talking for most of the time we were there, pretty much not working at all.  After placing an order we waited another 20 minutes for the food to come out.  The food was good enough but not at all worth the price tag.  I expected more from this place, it looks like it would be really upscale.  The final straw that made me have to write this review is that the service is terrible, even by New Orleans standards, and they add 20% gratuity to the guest check even though it was just the 2 of us.  This place needs new management, a new staff, and a new chef.  Cute place with potential, but being ran into the ground.While there on vacation a week ago with my husband and some friends for my first trip to New Orleans this was our first stop. Sunday brunch at Tivoli and Lee. From start to end this place had me in awe. First things first: you have to try their Bloody Mary bar, juices are all homemade, with an assortment of garnishes from homemade sausage, to bacon and cheeses. I had their endless mimosas, which were definitely more champagne then OJ. Just my cup of tea. For our actual meals: the hubby had their fried chicken biscuit, it was tender, juicy and perfectly flavored with a hint of spice. I had the Elvis French toast, I had no idea what to expect, it was phenomenal, creamy crunchy and everything in between. Finger licking good. Perfect atmosphere, casual, comfy and modern. Waitstaff was great, never had an empty mimosa. If we didn't live in Texas this would be our Sunday funday brunch spot!I was disappointed by my meal here - I went in with my usual New Orleans restaurant standards and Tivoli and Lee just didn't measure up.  We did go in with a rather large group, so that may have slowed down the service (even though we had a reservation).  But it was mainly the food that I didn't care for.  The meals all sounded great on the menu, but when mine and my husband's came, they were both absolutely flavorless. I was stunned - no flavor at all.  I might try this place again in a couple of months (and come with a smaller group), but I'm not jumping to go back right away.Not authentic, not ready for Nawlins hospitality. So-so food and very poor service, our server hid from the table all night & didn't even keep us tipsy enough to forget that our food took an hour. Forgettable, replacable, and overpriced.We are staying at the Hotel Modern and after a long day flying in were happy to have a restaurant in the hotel for dinner.   We were seated right away and served pretty quickly.  Our food was good, we tried shrimp and grits for the first time and were pleasantly surprised.  We got our check promptly but then the waitress did not seem to be concerned about picking it up and cashing us out.  That should have given us warning of what we would be in for at breakfast.   We went down for breakfast the next morning and was told by another customer that there was no wait staff and to seat ourselves.  We sat down, and waited. Another guest came in looking for wait staff, sat him self and waited as well.   There was a group of young people obviously on a trip together that had their breakfast and that was the only group that got any attention from the restaurant.  The gentleman that followed us in went and found someone to help us. A lady brought us menus but informed us she was not a waitress.  Finally another gentman came to our table and asked if we wanted coffee.  After telling him yes we watched him get 2 cups of coffee and take them out of the restaurant,  and still more people are coming in for breakfast and getting no attention.   Finally 10 minutes later we did get our coffee, we asked how long it would take if we ordered food. He told us about 50 minutes.  We drank our coffee that we did not get charged for and opted to walk across the street to a Circle K to grab something to eat.This place was fantastic! When my travel companion suggested we go down to the hotel restaurant for some breakfast I scoffed at him because hotel restaurants are always over priced and mediocre food at best. We met Dione who took amazing care of us and provided great suggestions of what to eat and stayed on top of our drinks even though the restaurant had a good number of people. The food was phenomenal. It was a creative twist on southern breakfast food and every bite left me wanting for mor with every bite. The service and food was fantastic and I definitely see myself back here before the end of the trip.Summary:
For $30-$40, there are better values for your weekend brunching dollars in New Orleans; and I'd recommend that you eat at those places until Tivoli & Lee raises its game. Its location (close to both the Warehouse District and St. Charles Avenue attractions) is a plus, and the servers are friendly; but the service itself is poor, and you can make better food in your pajamas at home.
Details:
The dining room at Tivoli & Lee, with its grey-turquoise wallpaper with orange carousel horses and pinstripes, and sunny, panoramic view of Lee Circle, sets the mood that this will be a fun lunch in a classic setting. 
But the food doesn't deliver on the promise. The toast with the $12 General Lee's breakfast was lukewarm and underwhelming (more like Wonder Bread than a premium brand), and the grits were such a tiny and unfulfilling portion. The General Lee's potatoes were also too small a portion, and looked unappetizing. (I passed on them, but a tablemate says they tasted bland, which is a sin in New Orleans.)
Plus the service was problematic, with orders for tablemates that never arrived, or arrived made wrong. (If you have Celiac disease, this is not the place for you, as the waitress seemed poorly informed as to which options were gluten-free; and ended up serving a dish with gluten to a friend's mom, who had to send it back and then wait for her dish while we all had food.)
And the dining room wasn't that full, so an overwhelmed staff wasn't (or shouldn't have been) the issue. Our group left unimpressed and still hungry, and we ended up snacking again somewhere else shortly after we left. When you've paid $40 for brunch, and leave that unfulfilled, that's a problem.We came here for breakfast because we got a comp from the hotel! Best collard greens I've had in a while!!! In addition we had the alligator sausage, scrambled eggs and toast. For $11 a plate, wasn't bad at all! I wanted to take a container of greens with me to go the next day, but they weren't open.
The hotel also gave us comp for 3 meals. We got the Short Rib Po'boy, it was ok. The salad that came with it was great! I'd def come for breakfast again!We had the classic breakfast during brunch and the grits were the best we ever tasted in life. Unlimited Mimosas tooWent here with a large party for brunch.  Let me start with the good news: the food was awesome.  The biscuits were the size of my head and came with amazing spreads.  The build your own Bloody Mary bar was well stocked and the house mix was great.  I think between the 10 of us we had everything on the brunch menu and had no complaints.
Here was the problem: despite having a reservation, it took them an hour to seat us.  I understand restaurants get busy and it's hard to kick people out to clear tables, but really? An hour? You knew in advance that you needed a table for 10 (we made the reservation weeks in advance).  The supervisor was very apologetic and our server was incredibly friendly and attentive once we got seated.  They ended up putting all of our drinks on the house, which we really appreciated and helped sort of save the day.  But thank goodness we didn't have anywhere else to be that day - an hour wait with a reservation is just ridiculous.
Overall: awesome food, friendly service, but clearly some severe table management issues.The service needs some serious help. When we walked in, we stood waiting for someone to seat us for quite a while. Our server was nice whenever she came by our table, but it wasn't often. The food was decent, but my entire plate came out cold; it must have been sitting in the window for a while. Our brunch took way too long due to the insanely slow service. Too bad, this could have been a decent restaurant.This was our main R&R hangout from parades during Mardi Gras. Surprisingly its not that crowded during the Mardi Gras parades and one could easily enjoy the passing of floats from the comfort of a heat and pineapple punch alongside the bar or window table. This place unlike Irish House doesn't charge a cover charge during mardi gras just to come in to buy a drink. Beer selection was limited as its more of a bourbon bar. I was lucky to get the last two double IPAs on one night. Otherwise, they have standard Abita beers ($6). The pumpkin fritters were good not  great but good. Be warned though even with only 4-5 people at the bar the service can be slow so be patient. One morning I ordered a bloody mary and the bar will give you a glass with the liquor and you go to the table to add the tomato juice. I also added a bacon slice! Overall, great place to drink and relax while watching parades. I must come back here for the weekend brunch.Goodness! As much as Yelp can be helpful, a lot of the time reviews can be exhausting to decipher.... 
And I like discovering restaurants the old fashioned way - sniffing them out on my own, using my discernment and relationship skills....
Tivoli & Lee is just such a case! A perfect little cafe style restaurant tucked away from all the hubbub of the hoi polloi, you might find yourself in a place you can actually hear your friends talk to you and not be bumped by frenzied wait staff.
The food here is actually different! Venison Meatball, smoke duck raviolis, rabbit tamales: YES!
Oh it's all so tasty and the portions are generous. The price is right and sharing is encouraged!
The cocktail menu is super and concise.
Professional service, a cute space. I adore this place. My only regret: I eat so much I never get dessert! 
Yes out of the way for an out of this world experience: yum.Preface: if I could give zero stars, I would. Just tried going here for a nice NYE dinner. We had an 8 p.m. reservation, which we clearly didn't need because there were plenty of open tables. After at least 10 minutes of sitting...waiting...any sort of acknowledgment that we were there, our server came by to get our food orders and never bothered to give us a drink menu or ask for drink orders. Come to think of it, she never even said hi. When we asked for a drink menu, she walked away. A few minutes later, a guy in another party got an ice/water shower from a server. About 15 minutes later, after not hearing another peep from our server, we got up and left. We are now sitting at Warehouse Grille where we were seated promptly and got drinks immediately. 
Oh, and when we left Tivoli and Lee, everyone around us cheered us for leaving. I believe the exact words were: "Don't waste your money!" and "Good choice!"Ah, possibly my new favorite brunch place in town. They have a great deal on bottomless mimosas and our waitress was so nice and attentive for our large group. I want to go back for dinner and I would go back to their brunch every Sunday if I could, specifically for their sloppy general benedict. I need to take a moment and rave about their collard greens. I don't know what sort of magic they put into them but those were the best damn collard greens in the city I've had so far. I would recommend reservations as the place is on the smaller side but this place is awesome: 
Great food (seriously those collard greens),  appropriate portion sizes and prices, and free valet!The view of the Circle is fun. A few years ago I had a great experience here. But not this time. It was Wednesday before Mardi Gras and parades were running. We went for drinks at 5 and decided to stay for dinner at 6. It was not crowded. First the bar could not meet 2 of our cocktail requests. Selection of liquor not very diverse. We adapted but that was disappointing. The dinner was mediocre. We tried 3 appetizers. The fried green tomatoes were not sliced but cut in chunks and marinated in heavy vinegar then fried. Not tasty. Eggplant sticks were good. My two friends ordered shrimp poboy and the bread was not the right bread. You can do better. It's New Orleans. I got the pasta in cream sauce. It was good but nothing special. Our servers were nice but their understanding of English was not vast. Actually a fellow diner at another table told us to make sure they understood what we wanted because their order was not correct. They were quick about serving but I think language or being new might have been an issue that night? I hate to complain about servers for language. We really thought it was management issues.This was probably the strangest dining experience I have ever had. The only reason I didn't just get up and leave was because I had mistakenly bought the Groupon for this place. Their website boasts free valet parking for guests. Also, their website is adorable and features an exciting menu full of local cuisine. We came with high expectations based on what we saw on the website and we were extremely disappointed. First, the valet parking was ridiculously confusing. After waiting for the attendant for a while, I left my fiancé in the car and walked in to ask the hostess how the valet worked. She didn't speak a word of English. After taking to three other people we finally got the car settled. We walked in and the hostess seated us. She was also the waitress apparently. We asked about drinks and she said the bar didn't open until 6:30. It was 6. This was a Friday night! We were surprised but we waited and then at 6:30 the bartender came over and asked for drink orders. We placed our order only to have the bartender tell us they were out of ingredients to make most of the drinks. She claimed it was because they were changing their menu. Once we settled on drinks they actually could make we attempted to place an order with the waitress. The waitress/hostess did not speak English and looked at us with a blank face every time we talked to her. It was so frustrating. The food was good but not worth the high prices. The cornbread for $6 was literally one piece the size of a small muffin. The waitress messed up my fiancés burger order. The menu incorrectly listed the ingredients in the soup I ordered so I ended up picking out sausage from it. It was not fun. I guess they are changing their menu so it was super confusing. We were very disappointed. The place was so cute so it's a real shame. And what a great location! The only reason I am even giving this place 2 stars is because the bartender genuinely felt bad about the waitress's lack of service. She explained that the staff was from a temporary agency and the restaurant was trying to hire permanent staff. The bartender was sweet but she did not make up for the fact that the waitress genuinely did not speak English and messed up our orders. She did not understand anything we said and seemed to never have waited tables in her life. I really hope this place gets it together, there's a lot of potential here. Then on our way out the valet tells us the parking is not free. I said um on your website it boasts free valet parking. He says rudely "that's the first I've heard of that but I'll let you have it." So rude. No hospitality here. The staff is utterly clueless. Even with a Groupon I feel like I didn't get my money's worth. All the places to eat in New Orleans and I chose this. What a shame. Hopefully this place gets it together. I would avoid for the next couple months until they get their act together.I've been here before and was pleased. I guess they changed the menu - the server said they "added more fried foods" (who does that???) - and it is much worse now. Service was also TERRIBLE, especially considering we were one of two tables in the entire restaurant. So disappointing! Wish they could get their crap together because it's a great location and beautiful decor. I won't be going again.The cocktails are still as good as ever and the food on an initial visit to Tivoli and Lee was very good.  I can't remember everything we tried but the brussels sprout salad was absolutely amazing and lamb meatballs on top of a flatbread with mint, feta, etc. was a really nice dish.  I know we also had one more appetizer that was good and a main course of shrimp pasta with cheese curds, bacon, spinach (?), etc. was fine but nothing special - I was hoping the pasta was homemade which didn't appear to be the case and the flavors for me just didn't meld very well together but overall dinner was very enjoyable and I would put the restaurant at 4 to 4.5 stars based on 2 visits so far.
The cocktails are outstanding, the wine list is small but sufficient, and the food appears very good - similar in quality or maybe a notch above Tamarind.  Plus they've got a good happy hour including food specials.  The location on Lee Circle in the Hotel Modern will always be a difficult one for restaurants, but I hope Tivoli & Lee makes it because it's a nice place and I will definitely be back.Staying at the Hotel Modern, so ate here out of the ease of the location, but was pleasantly surprised by the brunch time on Saturday going all the way to 3pm!! 
Place was empty, literally.. I was the only person there.. Not a bad thing, just an observation.. But my brunch was awesome.. 
Service was fast and informative when I asked menu questions, I ordered the Pied Du Cochon Benedict.. It was delicious. I was a little weary of ordering anything that had "pig feet" in the menu description, but when I was told by the server that it's basically pulled pork, I went for it.. Great mixture of breakfast and Cajun stylings.
They have a great looking Bloody Mary bar too, but I'm not a Bloody Mary drinker, so I passed.. Good restuarant, I will eat here again!Be prepared to wait 5 minutes for anyone to say anything to you when you walk in. You will wait another 10 minutes for anyone to serve you water. 
I ordered the classic French toast-- it is literally 4 small pieces of bruschetta bread. Supposed to come with "bananas" as mentioned on menu. But is actually some sort of invisible banana creme.
Spoke with the manager and she asked if I "wanted it or not". 
Overall, terrible service and manager with an attitude. Not worth your time.I am not a culinary genius,  but fries, and hash brown is not the same thing. And one more thing, if you want ask for fries you will get what is called house fries which is also called hash brown. If you want fries like what rest of the country eats , you have to be very specific and ask for French fries.
 The omelet was good.Had a pleasurable stay at the hotel modern and all was well till it was time to check out and get brunch downstairs (at Tivoli & Lee). I sat at my table for at least 25 minutes before I even had my beverage order taken. Upon placing my order for brunch I asked my server if I can use a free drink voucher I had that the hotel gave me, she said let me ask my manager and I never saw her again. Someone else brought us our food and refilled our drinks. The food was good, at least what I had which was the andouille omelette, my lady had chicken biscuits and I tried a piece and I must say that was the most plain-tasting, unseasoned piece of chicken I've ever had, and the portions just weren't very generous either of the side items. Probably will not return.Regretfully disappointed. Walk in and this place is beautiful, exactly the atmosphere you want in New Orleans but it just stops there. 
We were seated immediately, which is strange for a home saints game Sunday brunch, took almost a full 15 minutes before anyone approached our table and another 10 minutes to get our 2 mimosas. Order toast, took 50 minutes- seriously. 
Such a shame, with a great $10 bottomless mimosa brunch you'll be lucky to get in 3 with the constant wait. So much potential just needs to be overhauled.As a local, I think this place is seriously underrated. Great cocktails. Great updated food that is still southern-based. And I'd buy their wallpaper from them if I could.Really excellent food and cool decor. Would have given 5 stars except it was a bit awkward to be eating when there were only a few other customers. I saw other reviews of bad service and we had the opposite experience - the wait staff was new and almost too attentive. Still they were friendly and efficient so I would recommend just for the deviled eggs. Yolk was mixed with fish - so rich!GREAT spot for brunch! The Bloody Mary bar is seriously impressive with great garnishes-bacon, sausage, cheese-and in addition to your standard tomato mixer they also have Green Tomato & Poblano as well as Beet & Tomato mixers. Avocado fries were great. I wasn't feeling well so I went with the lighter option of the La Seafood Cobb and it was pretty good, but I had serious order envy when I saw the Elvis French Toast, Sloppy General Benedict, and Fried Chicken Biscuit coming out of the kitchen. Would love to come here on a day I was feeling better and partake in some bottomless bloody marys!This restaurant is a hidden gem in New Orleans. Located on Lee Circle in the Hotel Modern. It is off the beaten path for most visitors to the city. Comfortable atmosphere and great soundtrack complement the finely presented and exqisitely delicious offerings. I've eaten here three times on business trips to NO and will again when I return. It is obvious the kitchen cares a great deal about what they create. This restaurant deserves a devoted following and will hopefully be able to pull some away from the more well-located dining options. Take a cab, or the St. Charles street car to Lee Circle and have some great, inspired food at Tivoli and Lee.I tried it again, and was again very disappointed. The service at this place is just piss poor. Will not be going back. Shame on me for giving Tivoli & Lee another chance.My husband and I were in New Orleans to celebrate our anniversary and stumbled upon this restaurant when we were out walking one afternoon. It looked so inviting that we stopped in just to look at the menu. Because I am a vegan, we asked the woman at the front if the chef would be able to make something for me for dinner that night -- the menu is largely meat-and-fish based. We were told that ABSOLUTELY that would be no problem, and she proceeded to take down all of my preferences in detail and log them into the computer with our reservation for that night.
When we returned, the restaurant was hopping with an especially loud, large group. The new manager took care to seat us farther from that group, which we appreciated. It seemed that all of the careful notes taken about us earlier in the day were lost, and I prepared myself for another mediocre vegan meal of hot-wet-vegetables-and-rice. 
BOY was I surprised! This was by far the BEST MEAL I ATE IN NEW ORLEANS. (Yes. All caps are required.) The very knowledgeable waitress walked me through my options and made fantastic suggestions -- actually just tweaks of items on their existing menu. 
I had fried okra with spicy red bean hummus as an appetizer -- it was a monstrous portion, more than I could even share with my husband, and very delicious. It was crispy and well-seasoned, and I think it would have been enough for four to share.
For my main course, I had the eggplant dish on the menu with the cheese omitted. I normally am not a big fan of eggplant, but the waitress gushed over this dish, so I tried it. I am so glad I did! The eggplant essentially melted in my mouth under a great crispy breading. Tasty olives and a sweet drizzled sauce, with fresh greens underneath, made me sorry I'd eaten so much okra -- which I'd also loved. I had to willfully stop myself from finishing this dish because I was so full. Vegans out there, you know that almost NEVER happens at a non-vegan restaurant. It was amazing.
My husband had the potato/seafood chowder, which he said was excellent, and some kind of lamb dish which he also liked and claimed was very generously portioned. However, I'll leave the reviews of those dishes to the many omnivores here on Yelp. 
The bottom line is that this is a lovely restaurant that really did a beautiful job with elegant, delicious vegan food. Enjoy!I can't quite figure this place out. I have been here twice, always enjoyed my experience, but NO ONE else was here. I don't know if I am picking the wrong nights or times, but I appear to the be the only person that frequents this place. Maybe it is the location or maybe it is still a hidden gem. I would suggest you check it out and find out for yourself. You can thank me later when it becomes the buzz place in town.This place was terrible in every aspect! I will never be back to this shit hole! The food was "basic" at best and far from exciting, came out cold, the coffee came out cold. 
The service was abysmal, we sat down at 12:30, no reservation check in after we were told we had to make a reservation. The staff was extremely uninterested in doing much of anything. We waited 30+ minutes for drinks other than water. We're were a party of 4 with 12 people total in the reasturant, you would think they would want to help their biggest party but apparently not.
The only reason the get one star is because you cannot give them a zero.Amazing brunch!! Bloody Mary bar is the best I've ever had.. Watermelon Bloody Mary - YUM!  My food was delicious and everyone in the group agreed theirs was!! Will definitely be coming back!!We had a terrible flight in so our trip didnt have quite the start we had imagined, but I managed to do research before my trip and heard this place is the spot on sundays for brunch. There were 3 of us, there was a saints game that morning so we decided to go there a little after 10. When we walked in, we had planned to do bottomless mimosa's but they ran out but our server (Whose name I forgot) suggested we could do the bloody mary's instead so we did. It was a build your own bloody mary bar, they had meats, cheese's and vegetables to garnish your drinks. We were starving so we ordered quite a few things, Avocado Fries with bloody mary infused shrimp, it was something different, the avocado had the texture of chicken tenders, shrimp was alright, I think it wouldve been fine without it but they dipping sauce they had accompany it was amazing. For entrees we ordered, Red beans and rice which had andouille sausage in it and the right amount of heat, chicken and biscuits with gravy and I had the catfish entree. I wanted to try something different so I went with the catfish and it had a mud gravy sauce that went with it and it was simply something different and delicious. When you get good food, good drinks and great service this place is def a must stop. I forgot my servers name but when we mentioned we had a terrible trip he took it on his own hands to make our meal the best experience we couldve had.Service at 11:30am was terribly lacking. Food only okay. Don't bother with so many other choices.Tried it despite the Yelp reviews because I was staying at the Hotel Modern.  Should have paid attention.
First the good stuff - a nice space with direct view of street cars making the round of the Lee Circle.
The rest - very poorly trained staff, inattentive and uncertain of just what to do next.  The food not terrible but pretty mediocre.  There are too many great places to eat within a short walk to waste a meal here.Fantastic brunch! The grits were amazing and the deviled eggs were genius! Our server was so friendly. We thoroughly enjoyed it.I maintain my 4-star rating purely bc of the bloodymary bar. 
Dined this weekend and discovered they had changed their brunch menu "a few months ago" and the food is now more American than it is Southern and of course they hiked up the price for everything . No more lamb burger or shrimp and grits - huge disappointment. I decided to be adventurous and tried the eggs benedict with crispy pig feet (Pied Du Cochon Benedict) - there was no identifiable pig feet nor anything remotely crispy on my dish and it really could've used a cripsy texture to break up the mush from the eggs and English muffin.  Honestly, I wasn't impressed with the new menu at all.  The one surprise was the avocado fries which was an entire avocado, battered and deep-fried - absolutely delish!
The service was also spotty but a huge party of 12 came in and they consumed the attention of the entire staff.1 star experience for brunch, 5 star experience for dinner.
Let me start off saying that I've only heard great things from friends which is why my friends and I really wanted to try this place. We came for brunch, which was one of the worst experiences I've had. First off, we ordered the crab cakes Benedict and the chicken and waffle bites. Maybe the waitress was having a really bad first day. We waited 40+ mins as we waited for our food. I noticed the other tables getting their food before us (they were seated 10-15 mins after we were seated). After the long wait, I had to flag down the waitress and ask her about our food. She mentioned they ran out of crab and was going to substitute with something else. I had told her, I wished she had told me that earlier because we would have changed our order. We noticed the chicken and waffles were taken to several other tables and then she finally gave the plate to us. My friend touched the waffles and had noted they were cold. We ended up speaking to the manager who was sincere and apologetic. Eventually we got a new set of chicken and waffles and an entree of eggs, bacon, and toast. By this time, we had waited over an hour to get our food and scarfed it down since we were starving. We did also try a non-alcoholic drink that was described as a cleanser. I enjoyed the drink and finished it. However, I did notice that my friends did not finish the drink. We almost ate at another restaurant because we weren't going to wait any longer. We did stay for brunch and had noticed there was a lot of potential for this experience to be enjoyable. They have live music and the ambiance is quite nice. My friends and I did feel bad for the waitress, she ended up spilling milk on a customers sweater and bag.  Overall, my friends weren't too impressed with brunch and weren't blown away by the chicken and waffles.
We did give this place another chance for dinner. The dinner setting is dimly lit with candles. We ate a fabulous three plate meal paired with wine. I enjoyed eating duck egg and the cheese. We also ate an amazing home made ice cream for dessert. The ice cream is fabulous! It's rich and I remember loving the pumpkin ice cream. My favorite portion of the dinner was the chicken with kale. The kale was crispy and tasty paired with chicken. The dinner really blew me away and I would highly recommend it to everyone. The dinner employees were very friendly and appeared to be seasoned workers. Overall, my friends and I did have a fabulous dinner and would highly recommend dinner to everyone.Came here with a large group, Tevin was amazing. Food was delicious as well as the Bloody Mary bar.  One plate came out a little late but they were very apologetic and took care of us !This place is really good. I have been twice now and loved it both times. The bar is excellent and bartenders are VERY good and helpful. I actually like it more than bellocq. The sliders and brussel sprouts were amazing as was the dessert and coffee. It is a welcome to change for the neighborhood and restaurant that use to be there. 
Keep it up!!A MUST VISIT, the menu looks complicated and use some things sound a little different but the dishes are INCREDIBLE. Definitely a great place for a last night out. Great portions have to try it out!!I usually like this place be I reviewed it once before but we had been so pleased the last few times we went but like service is going down hill , I liked the place so much we brought my Inlaws , well we ordered the biscuits and there were so cold none of the spreads would melt on them , and then we couldn't get our waitress to come it was horrible, my food and husbands was great we always gets the Elvis French toast but my Inlaws though there's was just ok I still love the food I just wish there staff would get with itI feel like Tivoli and Lee is the kind of place that I would avoid. I'm not a huge fan of restaurant/bars attached to hotels. They are typically expensive, not too friendly, and not that great. Tivoli and Lee punches that notion right out of the water! (Cafe Adelaide is another exception.) I first experienced the bar in May with Anna B. from Portland and her end of YSB event. Our bartender Hayley was amazingly friendly and spent hours chatting with our group and letting us experience new drinks and delicious snacks. I returned the other night for dinner and sat at the bar to wait for my friend to arrive. Hayley was bartending again and she remembered me and our group! She rehashed the story to the head bartender and we were all fast friends again.
Dinner was just as good of an experience. My friend and I had the Restaurant Week special. The food, the wine, the service..everything was A+! The pork belly entree was delicious, the wine list was very respectable and reasonable in price, and although the head bartender was our waiter, she was fun and attentive. I hope to spend more time here; I always leave with a huge grin on my face!My husband and I were surprised when we entered the restaurant because no one was in there. We ended up discovering why.....
First of all, the valet was nowhere to be found. So the hotel next door has to find him and he very slowly came up to our car, which he just left on the street.
Once inside we sat at a lovely booth in the midst the beautifully decorated restaurant. Our waitress from the beginning was extremely nice and kind, but made many mistakes, such as not bringing us a wine or cocktail list. I imagine this was her first day, but she knew absolutely NOTHING about any of the food, drinks or fine dining. For example, she had no idea what bitters are or what is in a martini. When my martini arrived it wasn't very good at all, and it was in a TINY martini glass. (Not her fault but indicative of our overall bad experience.) 
Also, I went to the restroom and there was no toilet paper. I told the waitress and upon my second trip to the restroom before leaving they had put one roll of toilet paper in there for two stalls. 
We asked about some menu items. Our server's response to our inquiry about the Squid Ink Fettuccine  was that she kept turtles at home and felt bad eating them. And she said that she was "freaked out" about eating pasta that is dyed black with squid ink. We ordered the lamb meatballs as an appetizer and they were hard and tasteless. It seemed as if they were leftover from the previous day and reheated. Her response when asked about the meatballs was, "i just love 'em. They're really good." Then we ordered a bottle of wine (which was HORRIBLE) and she didn't know how to use a corkscrew, so I had to open it for her. My husband had the pasta special and it was fantastic. My entree was just okay. Considering how much money we dropped here, it was a total waste of money. This restaurant is going to be closed very soon unless they get it together.  
Also, there are plenty of good waiters in this city. I felt really sorry for our server as she needs to be seating people, and trained from there. On a busy night I can only imagine what a disaster she would have on her hands.
Don't waste your money. There are too many great restaurants in this city.Outstanding Happy Hour!
$1 Pork sliders and $1 High Life. 
The sliders are too good to be true, and at $1 each, this place has to be hemorrhaging money. I always enjoyed American Sector's sliders for happy hour, but these sliders are in a different league.Excellent service, very good food, and very good decor and use of a difficult space. We shared the fried brussel sprouts, fried oysters, and a spectacular gnocchi to start, followed by the roast chicken and duck confit. It was all excellent. Our waitress Hailey was professional but friendly, we got our food at just the right pace, even though there was a large party seated at the same time - whatever pacing issues others have found with the kitchen have been dealt with, from what I could see.
A lovely evening. I highly recommend the spot.Stopped for breakfast since we were staying in the hotel.   Air conditioning was so cold we kept moving to find a table that was somewhat comfortable.   They don't sell decaf coffee........very odd.   I had two eggs over easy with bacon, toast and fruit.    The eggs were fried to brown and salted beyond belief.  My bacon wasn't even distinguishable as bacon it was so overcooked.  My wheat toast was slightly warmed bread.   The only thing worth eating were the strawberries and blackberries.   My husband had pancakes which were fine and his bacon was cooked perfectly.    $35 for a lousy breakfast doesn't work for me.  
Won't be back.My fiancé and I were staying at the Hotel Modern and decided to order room service from Tivoli & Lee. We were very disappointed. Everything we ordered was ridiculously over seasoned and rich. Even the cheeseboard was a disappointment, there wasn't a variety of flavors, just four types of STRONG cheese on dry crackers. If you want to spend that kind of money on a dinner, do yourself a favor and go elsewhere. Not worth the money!If I could give no stars I would. Literally the worst meal I have ever had in my lifetime. I am in the service industry and have been for eight years, and it take a LOT to make me say anything negative. But from the moment we sat down, 35 minutes after, we were finally asked what we wanted and I said I wanted a Red Blend. The waitress asked me if that was a red or white wine. My boyfriend ordered a Terrapin IPA and our waitress asked if it was a red or white wine. If you don't know that an IPA is a beer, you can't be in this industry, especially in this city. Please, please don't waste your time on this "restaurant." You are in New Orleans! Find anywhere else, and you will be more satisfied.We loved this place! Get the Elvis french toast! OMG!!! Who can resist a donut, french toasted with peanut butter, caramelized bananas and bacon!? YUM!
We also got the unlimited bloody mary bar... which is totally worth the $15. Ask for Claire as your waitress. She was awesome!Not impressed. Stopped in for a Sunday brunch with one other couple. Place was maybe half full. Initial observations - took almost 5 minutes to be seen for seating, took another 10-15 minutes for the waitress to finally come over to get our drink orders. The individual mimosas were in tiny toasting glasses, but the "Bloody Mary bar" was kind of a joke...  Sitting out on an ordinary table (not on ice or behind a sneeze shield) were several items  like limes, pearl onions, olives, okra, unmarked bottles of hot sauce and Worcester sauce, some mystery blend of tomato juice/mix, bacon strips, cheese, and some cut up mystery sausage (andouille?). Anyone could walk up and serve themselves or nibble.   Our waitress was struggling with her English and limited understanding of the menu. 
As for the food, it wasn't bad, but the all the portions were very small.  Aside from the bartender, there appeared to only be 2 waitresses doing everything. 
Was an interesting adventure, but won't be going back.I am actually NOT surprised that Tivoli and Lee is closed. As others have written, it is less than stellar.
We were here for a quick lunch before our first parade for Mardi Gras. The entrance was hard to find due to the crowds of people sitting in front of the restaurant.  However, once inside, we were asked if we had reservations (we didn't), but could go to the bar if we would like.  The hostess was unfriendly as was the barmaid. 
We were able to eat at the bar, and if we wanted we could order from the bloody mary bar (which looked cool but not what I wanted).  I stuck with water as I was in the midst of a bad cold.  It took a lot of work to get that water. The staff were not happy that we didn't have a reservation so their attitude showed that.  (Does it matter? We are paying customers)  The menu has a bunch of friend stuff, so I chose the fried oyster poboy with fries. It came on a very hard baguette with arugula.  Ryan P (a veteran of Mardi Gras) said it was one of the worst sandwiches she ever ate. And she was right! I also had to request hot sauce about three times before I got any.
They also took forever with the bill, knowing that most people are here for the parades and the clean bathrooms. 
Like I said, not surprised this is closed. Everything about it was screaming its eventual downfall.I'm not big on fine dining. I much prefer informal atmospheres and a lot of food on my plate. There were not any vegetarian friendly meal options, so I ordered from the appetizers. I should have ordered more than one, as I am a very hungry individual! 
Our waitress was what made the experience. She was amazing. She was professional and knowledgeable about the menu, while still being very fun and engaging. Even though I wasn't really blown away by the options, I'd still return for the service.So bad, worst service I've had in NOLA.  We came here for a birthday celebration, had it set up by the birthday girl. She had to put a $75 down payment to reserve a table for 15 when the entire restaurant was empty. 
First, we sit for about 35 minutes without any checkin by the server. I had to go up to the bar to ask for someone to take our drink order. Then the waitress has no clue what a Moscow Mule is, if an IPA is a wine or a beer, if a red-blend is a beer or a wine, etc. The drinks take about 20 minutes to be delivered. We ordered entrees and waited for about an hour and a half and then they come out plate by plate. 
So disappointed in the service and the quality of food.One of the greatest meals that I have had!  Had the deviled eggs, soup of the day (tomato basil served with a mini grilled cheese) and ravioli. Service was incredible too.  Thanks Claire!Walked in Friday night and the place had one table taken. That was the first bad sign. Decided to only order appetizers and split. Turned out to be smart since the lamb meatballs were chewy and overlooked. Beer was coldTivoli & Lee served the best drinks we had in NOLA, hands down. It's a little off the beaten path, but aren't most wonderful discoveries? Ashley made me the only rye-based drink I have ever liked, and I liked it a lot. Plus, the selection of Italian aperitifs is unparalleled.This is a "must-do" on all points - food quality & preparation, variety of menu items, experience, and service!!!!
The ingredients are from local sources and fresh and the chef is amazingly creative! 
The Saturday & Sunday "unlimited Bloody Mar Bar" is AMAZING!!! 
We actually ate supper here and then returned for breakfast so we could experience the Bloody Mary bar.
At dinner, the special "grandma's recipe" Bloody Mary was also very good.
Don't make the mistake of missing out on Trivoli & Lee - it doesn't get much better than this.
For dinner, we had the catch of the day - my only disappointment was in the mixed vegetables served with the fish - they appeared to have been frozen. We also had Crispy Covey Eggplant, Crispy Pig Ear Salad , and Sorghum Old Fashioned.
For breakfast, we chose the omelet of the day served with greens and toast.One of my least favorite feelings is that of being stranded at a restaurant table -- sitting there helpless, forkless, napkinless, drinkless, etc. while the server is nowhere to be found and the food is getting cold. Oh wait -- there she is sipping coffee while all her tables are craning their necks looking for her. 
Stuff happens, I get it. There are difficult services and dealing with the public can be difficult. But it happened both times I went, and because the tip is 20% built in, why would the servers have any impetus to try harder?
And the food. There it was. Indifferent and somewhat expensive for what we got. I get that it's a hotel restaurant, but so is The NoMad in New York, China Poblano and Jaleo in Las Vegas and Domenica, which is also in New Orleans. It shouldn't be an excuse for mediocrity.
The whole place felt like a room where food just happened to be served -- not a restaurant. There was no music, barely any service to speak of unless you were seated at the bar, groups walking in and walking out after 5 minutes because no one greeted them -- just a tone of complete indifference.
And I would have scrambled out of there sooner, but I couldn't find my server to get the check.I am genuinely shocked at how many great reviews this place gets for its food and experience.  Living in New Orleans, there are many superior options.
The service was slow and seemed to be disinterested and uneducated about what was on their own menu.  There was no attempt to discuss the menu with us - which was different than the one they post on their website AND different from the one they left in our hotel room.  There was no attempt to clarify that or explain it. There were items available (espresso coffee drinks, for one) that were never listed on their menu or mentioned at the table. The "daily tots" they are known for were not available on the menu, nor did they have a cocktail/drink list available.
The bloody mary bar looks impressive.....but is trying too hard in all the wrong places.  There are 20 jars of different salts from around the world which is really interesting and a fun twist. It makes you feel like the restaurant is making efforts to be different and little off-the-beaten-path.  But then you watch the wait staff refill the bloody mary mix - from a bottle I can buy at the local Rouses.  If you want to be a place that prides itself on home cooking and innovative drinks.....don't do that.  Or at least, take the bottle to the back so we don't know that you bought it from the store!!
The food was decent and came fairly quickly after we ordered.  Mine was only luke warm despite the fact that the restaurant was by no means overwhelmed with customers.  The food was not particularly impressive and I have had far better at numerous other restaurants in the city.
Overall, I understand the type of atmosphere the restaurant is going for but it is missing the mark in a big way.  I would not recommend this place.