We stopped in to Tommy's because the atmosphere looked inviting. I enjoyed the cozy, quiet, low-lit dining room. It was nice to get away from the crowds in the street. The service was absolutely wonderful. Everyone we interacted with was friendly and helpful. Also, Chad Smith of the Red Hot Chili Peppers was dining at the table next to us, so that was pretty cool...
Unfortunately, despite all that we liked about Tommy's, the food was beyond bad.  We had the special- avocado crab salad to start. Mustard, crab and avocado just really don't pair very well and the crab didn't taste fresh at all. Then we had the oysters Rockefeller which, honestly, I found inedible. Though I will say, the large size of the dish is really unbelievable for the price you pay ($10). The oysters were gigantic (I'm sure some people will love this, but I found them to be pretty gross) with some green purée on top of them which had both an unpleasant taste and texture. For our entree, we shared the shrimp linguine. It wasn't bad, but was just kind of bland and boring and definitely not a $22 dish. 
In a city with so many amazing food choices, I don't see any reason to go back to this place.Tommy's is a very warm and inviting place with great architectural features. The tri brick archways by the bar are only rivaled by the wood paneled half moon archway that leads to this great front room . The food is very good although the menu could use a few more options. The complimentary fir lack of a better term pizza appetizers are delicious as were the oyster appetizer. The Spaghetti and pork/beef meatballs were excellentThis is my first negative review, and I feel very strongly about the terrible service I had here last week. I had had the longest day and was meeting a couple I hadn't seen in two years. I'm the one who suggested Tommy's and feel responsible since they came on my behalf. I hesitated about asking  but figured it wouldn't hurt to ask about the "check-in" option for a free glass of wine. Our waiter rudely scoffed and said NO, turned away and scurried to the bar, whispering to his friends as they all turned to glare at us. I later realized it was Tommy's Winery so that was my bad. As we were eating, he never once refilled my water or asked if I'd like another glass of wine. As we were ordering dessert, he literally WALKED away while I was mid-sentence. We asked if he'd take a photo with two phones, and he sarcastically stated, "Great thing about the 21st century is that you can email it to each other instead." And then he stood there with his arms crossed after we paid waiting for us to leave. I wish I hadn't left a 25% tip, but I always do when receiving service. I'm a huge foodie and rarely come across a restaurant to which I won't return, but Tommy's is surely one now. I've never felt so disrespected at a restaurant.I really wanted to love Tommy's, but it was just ok in my opinion.
Upon first arrival, I thought I was in for a delicious meal.  The restaurant has an old time Italian feel, very cool.  The service was top notch. 
We started off with bread for the table, which was delicious.  Then I ordered the Oysters Tommy which was also very good.  My friend got the Crabmeat Canape and it's not all what we thought it would be...it was just a lump of crab meat.  
When it came to the entrees, I was underwhelmed.  I got the Crabmeat Au Gratin, it was runny and fishy and not great.  We were with a very large party and half loved their meals, and half didn't.
Overall, Tommy's is fine but not someplace I will go back to on my next trip to NOLA.The establishment itself was appealing.  My salad was tasty, however, my main course (Chicken Parm) lacked flavor and the service was not up to par.
I don't regret coming to the restaurant but I definitely will not return.Italian is a bit of a misleading label for this place, but the food is great nonetheless.  Ate at the bar with a few coworkers the night we arrived in New Orleans.  We were a little mislead on not only the menu, but the "fanciness" as we arrived in clothes that would turn out to be a bit stuffy to a place that didn't have a single pasta on the menu, but we left happy and that's what's important.
I had their version of a caprese salad, which was just ok, as was the asparagus. The wine selection was fantastic though, and the bottle of zin that we ordered was great.  For the main course, my two colleagues each ordered the lamb and i ordered the duck.  The duck was FANTASTIC!  The dirty rice was great too.  Finally, the frizzled sweet potatos set a new bar for delicious yams!
Putting the whole package together and in context with other meals available in the area you can definitely do better than Tommy's, but it's a great meal in it's own right.We made a reservation and were seated immediately upon arrival. The ambience was relaxing and warm. Our party of six started with cocktails that were very tasty. Apps, entrees, and dessert was amazing. Probably would have been more enjoyable if we ate less but we could not help ourselves. Must say the escargot was over the top, O buco was melt in your mouth fall off the bone, and the lamb was to die for. Oh god, have to mention the bread that was served when we were seated. True Italian bruschetta. Loved this place and will definitely be back on our next trip to New Orleans.This was one of the last places that my husband and I went to.  We were in town for the first weekend of Jazz Fest.  The food was outstanding and the wait staff was very courteous.  I had the lamb chops which was very delicious.
I would recommend people stop by and visit the art galleries that are around and then go here for dinner.This place rocks.  What a great vibe.  The food is outstanding in every way you want it to be.Really a nice meal. Beautiful ambiance. Excellent service.  Delicious food. Very glad we visited.We were in New Orleans for one night, I chose Tommy's for our Dinner from reading reviews on yelp. Boy what a good move the service, the food and the place was really great. To start they brought a loaf of the most tasty bread, then the best appetizers. Now the main course is were they lost the fifth star, I had the Lamb Chops they were to fatty and the sauce over ran the flavor of the Lamb. But my wife had the fish in the bag it was wonderful. We did not have desert. We will return when we go back to New Orleans.We were a somewhat difficult group. Frank took care of us in an amazing way! His suggestions were perfect! His service was the best!! Great experience!!Everything was outstanding. Waiter was super knowledgeable of their menu and made excellent recommendations.  You couldn't ask for a better dining experience.Stopped in for drinks before dinner, I loved this place! The service was top knoch. We had wine with the cheese and fruit plate it came with three different cheeses, apple slices, grapes & a large sliced strawberry. Great place to go before are after dinner. After 10 pm they have live jazz musicI would not recommend this place based off of the service alone. We had a grumpy waiter, who penciled in his own tip (20%) at the end of the meal. I'm pretty sure that's illegal, but we let it go.
Apparently the seafood dishes were really good. My chicken dish was mediocre.  I enjoyed the turtle soup, but it wasn't the best I've had.  
I'm not sure how this place has such good reviews, maybe they experiencing friendlier service. There are better italian places around.Went on a Thursday evening and the place was hopping with locals and tourist alike. 
The ambiance and wait staff was a major five stars. Was good for a romantic dinner although a little noisy. The food while good was not great. Chicken picatta with lump crab along with a pasta and fried soft shell crab were good but both needed more seasoning.Absolutely outstanding service, food, and atmosphere.
We were being hosted by a vendor who asked them to assemble some custom appetizer platters. Crab and oysters were great.
I wanted the Fish Filet Maison, but the waiter said it was drum (blech). He told me he'd get me pompano instead. It was massive, wood-fire grilled, and delicious.
I will certainly return.Incredible service. Best egg plant ever! Never disappointing, great food great ambience great prices huge portions great selection, so fresh. So worth finding it in New Orleans. Much better than the other touted New Orleans eateries.Food was excellent.  Service was just ok.  Our server was an ex-chef. Wouldn't go there again because of him.  Made us feel uncomfortable.  Rather a dick.We ended at Tommy's completely by chance.  We checked in to the Embassy Suites late and didn't want to travel to go to dinner.  The concierge told us about Tommy's right around the corner.  It was wonderful.
The ambiance was cozy and nice.  The staff was very attentive and knowledgeable.  The food was magnificient.  Unfortunately we did not try the wine.  I wish I had.
The bill was costly but we had a party of 6.  With the tip it came to about $35 per person but it was a good value for the evening we had.  I plan to go back to Tommy's the next time I am in NOLA.Just not impressed-- 2 stars for service or else it's be a 1-- sat down with a group of 8-- we ordered lots things on the menu - veal sorrienta, Australian lamb, duck (the house special) , the piccata, soft shell crab, avocado salad , chocolate pecan pie-- even the coffee  -- we all passed things around and every time I took a bite of anything I honestly didn't get that "wow" this is the reason to come back. Atmosphere is small and intimate -- Classic Italian -- but would definitely not recommend it to anyone traveling to New Orleans.Celebrated my daughters 21st bday with several friends. Got a private room. Ordered calamari for an appetizer. The calamari was ok, nothing special. I ordered the fish Capri, it was redfish on top of broccoli with crabmeat and sauce, ok but not great. Wife ordered veal piccata, it was ok but but that good. Pasta noddles were large and pasty, sauce not great.Not a good night for my wife and I. Service was poor and our cocktail drinks were not made very well. I had to return one of hem. Other than this the bar was nice and the feel of the wine bar was old New Orleans style. I wish the service was better so we could have stayed longer for some more wine.An amazing meal was enjoyed by my entire party. Nothing short of top notch!I come here every year for our anniversary! THE BEST kept secret of NOLA! We always have the same server (Sam) and he has been there for years! He is remarkable in service! We adore him!!! We always get our corner table by the window. I can't imagine spending my anniversary anywhere else! Our anniversary is September 15 and we juat celebrated our 9 years with them! We will be back every year + some! Love our Sam and Tommy's!Nice ambiance. Good food. Prefer other places in town. The wine bar is spectacular.An off-the-chart great find in the warehouse district. You'll not find Tommy's Cuisine in all the tourist publications but it's certainly worth a try. Paneed Oysters & Shrimp are excellent. It's an app that plays like an entree. 
The decor and lighting are charming and romantic. The service is just right. Give this place a shot! It will not disappoint. I might just give them 5 stars after another visit.Good selection, great atmosphere!  Nice place to grab a drink with someone and catch up.   Service was kind of slow but there were also several large parties there that evening as well.   Would go back for sure!This place looks like a dive from the outside, but once you enter, you'll be pleasantly surprised. It's actually a really nice Italian restaurant that's frequented by many locals (we were in town for a convention, but only saw one or two other tables that looked to be populated by out-of-towners). The service was exceptional, and the food was delicious and creatively prepared. It feels odd to eat Italian food when visiting New Orleans, but when you need a break from Cajun/Creole food, this restaurant definitely hits the spot!Excellent Italian W/ Cajun flair-this place attracts a crowd.  Prices fair for quality food - entrees @ mid $20s.  We enjoyed oysters Rockefeller,fish of the day Capri, lamb chops-both entrees very good.  We split an-o-so rich choc mousse/truffle which was yummy - tho a full portion would have probably blocked all major arteries. Service was extraordinarily good (thank you Stev-en).It had been a very long time since I had gone to Tommy's which I now realize was a big mistake.  The food was outstanding like I remember and the service impeccable.  My wife and I had Turtle soup, the avacado salad, 2 oystersTommy, 2 oysters Rockefeller,  and 2 oysters Bienville.  Then we had a soft shell crab dinner and the veal with crabmeat and lemon caper sauce.... 
After that great dinner we went next door to the awesome wine bar for a few drinks and great conversation.
I will be back soon!!!Delicious spot for a date, but also lively enough for a small party (5 to 10 people). The waitstaff bends over backwards for repeat customers. The service can be slow at times, and you have to know what to order. I love the eggplant, steak, fish, and salads.A must try! From the stuffed avocado to the bread pudding to the service Rene gave us! We love to try new restaurants that give us new ideas and new tastes! We found it! Me and the hubby were beyond satisfied! We were surprised! We would recommend this to anyone who visits New Orleans!We had a nice dinner at Tommy's on Valentine Day.  The oysters Tommy were refreshingly light with a smokey taste, the avocado with crabmeat was good but definitely needed more crabmeat, and veal piccata was perfect to split for an entree.  The bananas foster bread pudding was delicious.  I love the ambience of Tommy's but the service was a little suspect.  We were seated at a table in the middle of the room ( kind of an afterthought table) and we asked for another table since there were lots of available ones.  They said they were reserved. After I pointed out that we reserved a table as well, they managed to find us a better table.  Also, instead of explaining  the specials to just our table, our waitress combined us with another table and told us both what the specials were - good thing we have good hearing.I would have given this place 5 stars if not for the jerk of an owner. I had to direct a meeting there for my client and as I was setting up, the owner of Tommy's was extremely rude, asking where was I from. Luckily, I didn't eat there because of the meeting. However the employees were very pleasant such as Will who manages the place, Thomas who took care of us and specially Manuel who I thought was so  nice in helping us out. Those guys were 5 stars, but the owner, eh. Won't go there to eat the next time I visit NOLA. The owner's attitude was kind of like the two idiots from Amy's Baking Company in Arizona. RUDE!
As long as you don't have to deal with Tommy, the place is good, the staff are even better.My fourth time and as expected very good 
Five different meals all very good, escargot was excellent rich but thats ok, duck was ok not exceptional but good  
Never had a bad experience will be backAt first glance this restaurant seems to be in Italian restaurant. Be careful. The menu has a lot of items which have some relationship to Italian cuisine. The white table cloths also lend themselves to a certain ethnic identity. But this restaurant and the food on the menu is not the same ole same ole. 
A quick note before I continue, Tommy's was in the warehouse district before anyone else. The setting is gorgeous and maintains the characteristics of buildings in that area. But the design and decoration help it to be relaxing and a step above.
The food is truly the star. I've never had a bad dish here and there are some specific parts of the menu that are truly unique. I've always looked at this as a Louisiana restaurant first. I ordered the turtle soup and beet salad along with a linguini. The food and the service was fantastic. This is the third time I've eaten here and it's perfect each time.Really cute restaurant - came here for a rehearsal dinner so we had the whole space to ourselves. It's a nice space, good lighting, and was great for the big event. Food mediocre - honestly can't remember anything of note except the fried oysters, which were quite good!Nice atmosphere and the food was delicious. The service was great and the menu selection was better than expected. The selection of ports after the meal was enticing and the tastings were superb.Came in with reservations for two. Great staff and Sam our waiter was amazing. 
Ordered appetizers and dessert. 
Turtle soup
Escargot
Sweetbreads 
Creme brulee.I was strangely in the mood for Italian and on a recommendation, we tried Tommys.  We weren't disappointed in the least.  The service was well above average and the atmosphere was intimate and romantic.  The food was superb and they served generous portions.  Would absolutely go there again.The appetizer came out quick and were amazing..... Then almost 2 hours later we "received" our main course. This restaurant is an incredible waste of time. The food is served luke warm and in a manner that says we should be grateful to receive it. The lore of New Orleans restaurant fare is really undone by Tommys.Went here for New Year's Eve. Unbelievable. Very attentive staff. Highlight had to be the crabmeat au gratin. Reasonably priced for the quality.It was my friend's birthday so we went to Tommys for her birthday dinner and she had a miserable time because of the terrible service. I'm having a hard time rating this place because the manager was super understanding and helpful and food was average but the waitress was TERRIBLE...I even debated if I should write anything on yelp because I did speak to the manager about the horrible service. 
I had pollo di Parma and it wasn't what I expected. It wasn't anything special and it was pretty plain. I did love their shrimp appetizer. It had a lot of flavors and was on point. 
So about the waitress she was so rude to us. She would check up on the table next to us every now and then but would not come to our table at all. I had to ask a different server to bring us water/take our picture. I have never complained to a restaurant manager before about a waiter but this time I had to. The manager said he will talk to her and was super cooperative. However I'm never coming back.The lump Crab appetizer was DELISH.  My turtle soups was also DELISH.  The main course however was UNDERWHELMING.  It was the Veal Piccata. The green beans were a little over done and the Veal a bit too chewing and a little tasteless.  I got it because the server said it was the house favorite.  I would suggest not getting that and stick with the HOUSE SPECIAL.  
Service started off strong but we were there right before the rush.  After appetizers were served the server vanished. I ordered my 2nd drink right before the main course but didnt get it till after I eaten the main course.  
Tried the PECAN PIE DESSERT. Dont get it.  Wasnt warm and wasnt good.  :-(.  
AMBIENCE was great and it has the looks of a FANCY restaurant.Went with a big party.  Ordered a bunch of appetizers, but none stood out all that much.  They have three versions of oysters but none were all that noteworthy.  I did order a cup of soup which I believe was a chowder type soup with crawfish or crab (can't remember now) with corn...this was pretty good...after dinner, I wished I just had a big bowl of the soup.
For my entree I had the Louisiana drum cooked as fish of the day...they had three different preparations for the fish.  Underwhelming and bland come to mind.  Not impressed.  So much so, that I only ate 2/3 of it and just didn't have the motivation to eat more.
I didn't have dessert, but ordered coffee which was very weak.  I think I've had better coffee at a gas station.
In regards to service, food was served promptly, but there was mass confusion as to who ordered what dish as they were bringing out the food.  The servers had NO clue which dish went with which diner...pretty sad.  I'd definitely look to other places to eat.Tommy's was highly recommended by our concierge and several friends for a great Italian meal to carb up before our Half Ironman.  We arrived for our 6:30 reservation to be greeted by a less than friendly hostess.  The restaurant is uniquely laid out and they lead our party of 10 to an awesome private room.  We were so excited to be able to have great conversation and dine in a room all to ourselves.
Two people in our party were running late due to a flight delay but we chose to be seated and wait for them.  We ordered our food at 7:20. 
We were given a appetizer compliments of the chef, which was so delicious that we ordered another round for the table..that we never received but were charged for on our final bill.
Our food did not arrive until 9:15 (our plan was to be in bed asleep by 9 for our 4:45 wake up call for the race). .  We asked our waiter around 8:30 if our food was getting close as those in the next room had come and gone.  He said it should be just a few more minutes and was very put out by our questioning of him.  He was pompous, arrogant and rude the entire meal. 
Finally, at 9:05, I went to find the manager of the restaurant.  I informed him that we understand that things go wrong in a restaurant as my husband has been in the restaurant business for 20+ years and is the General manager of a restaurant himself.  We felt it was important to let him know that we had a terrible experience from the door throughout the entire meal.
The manager assured us that our meal was close.  All the dishes came out in the next 10 minutes with the exception of mine (the person who complained....passive aggressive much??!!) who ordered the same meal as 2 others at our table.  
The racers gobbled and left quickly while the others awaited the bill.  When the bill arrived, NOTHING was comped and we were charged for an appetizer that we never received.  We did not expect the entire meal to be taken care of but nothing was covered.  When my patient husband who understands that things go crazy with tables sometimes, the waiter replied, "Do you want me to comp something off?  Why don't you tell me what to take off?"  My husband replied, why don't you do what you think is fair.  He took $30 off our our $450 bill.  
I will NEVER recommend this restaurant to anyone.  In fact, I will highly recommend to others to not bother.  
If management (or even the owner who came to talk with us), had any management skills or the ability to apologize for a terrible experience or make their mistakes right...we would not be so negative on Tommy's.  Several at our table said their meal was "one of the best they have ever had" while others said it was mediocre.  
Next time I am in New Orleans....Tommy's will be skipped with out a doubt!Great atmosphere and ambiance. Nice music and sports on several TVs. Great fast and friendly service.What a score! Service with Frank, phenomenal. We had no reservations and they squeezed us right in. We are from out of town and allowed Frank to pick our entire dinner. Well done Frank! Appetizers; Shrimp in Corn Bisque, Avocado with crab meat (very cleansing) and the kicker, Oysters Tommy! Dinner included; Veal Piccata and Crab Meat Sardou, Dessert;  Pecan Pie w/ Dark Chocolate, rocked! Bread Pudding... have not had better (5+). You will not be disappointed. Most definitely repeatable....kudos to Tommys!!!Amazing food, service, and ambience. Rene was our server. His performance was Shakespearean. A little off the beaten path but worth the detour, we were pleasantly surprised by the old-world decor. Ensconced in art, music, and candlelight, we enjoyed a combination of Classic New Orleans and nouveau fare. The duck was cooked to the perfect texture and flavor. We had a party of seven so I could go on forever about the quality of the food; everyone raved. We topped it off with bowls of bread pudding and coffees. It was as if time stood still at Tommy's. It is on our list for the next trip to New Orleans.If you like heated up frozen food, this is the place for you. Waste of time and money!Ladies remember that famous scene from beauty and the beast when Bell came down for a late night meal and the whole staff gave her a show and awesome food? Yah, that was me here... I kid you not. Everyone (cooks, waiters, bartender, maitre'd, etc..) came out to say hi to me and give me food to sample. The whole staff made me feel like the most special person the world. I became a bit embarrassed. But I was told that this was their way of making new guest who comes alone feel welcomed and to visit them as a family afterwards. I loved it here. I can't wait to go back. 
Now for the food: 
1) Bruschetta
2) Crab and avocado salad 
3) Lamb chops 
4) Wine! 
Overall: If you don't like lamb after this meal, then you will probably never like lamp. The lamb chops were worth the royal treatment (o;walking in the restaurant was dressed up for the holidays which added to the already cozy red sauce italian atmosphere. french 75s were long on brandy and short on sparkling. t started with an order of oysters tommy oysters and bienville.the hot braided white sesame topped bread that came with it was an yumbo vehicle to mop up the sauce . i had the special salad of avocado filled with lump crab on a small shredded lettuce mound. t had the drum (local fish) and i had the veal osso bucco . the marrow melted on that fabulous bread and the meat was fall of the bone tender and satisfyingly tasty and served  with garlic mash and french green beans tinged with herbs.classic bread pudding to finish made this a worth while meal.service was gentle and correct.Tommys WIne Bar is absolutely amazing! The wine is delicious and there is  a huge selection! The atmosphere is so cozy and sexy. Its the perfect place to go out and meet people or take a date! The staff is super knowledgeable and friendly! I cant wait to get a drink there soon! I am always checking their facebook for weekly specials!Amazing lamb!!! When you eat here (not if) you'll love the food. I came here with a small group, and we all enjoyed our food. Steve is very knowledgeable, and the service is on point. I don't think we went 4 minutes without someone refilling our glasses or checking on us to see if we were doing fine. I love this place!!!Killer place! Rene was awesome! Turtle soup, crab stuffed avocado with the creole vinaigrette and Creole tomatoes was on point! The best part? Dessert! You have to try the bread pudding with the bananas foster, wow!I really enjoyed this place.  It's elegant and comfortable.  There is an extensive wine list and the owner and bartender are very knowledgeable and friendly.   I really wish I had known about this place when I had family in town for visit.  
We enjoyed different types of wine and a food sampler. The was absolutely delicious and the wine was paired nicely. 
This is a great first date place.  It offers a piano player in the lounge, which is cozy and intimate.  It's not loud.  You can speak without shouting and there is no smoking allowed.  That was a big plus for me.  
They do not have a happy hour and it was not very busy around 6:00PM on a Friday.  It did start to pick up after 7.   
I did not know what to expect when I walked in.  Admittedly, I felt underdressed in dark denim, a knit v-neck top and heels.  When  I return I will be dressing up a bit more. I wasn't completely uncomfortable, but I should have been in a dress or a dressier top.Cute little wine bar
Live piano music at night
Prices are fair and service is decentThis was my first time dining at Tommy's and I loved it! 
The service: Sam was our server and he was awesome! He was attentive without hovering over the table and without making us feel rushed. He's obviously a seasoned server who we found to be quite polite, charming, and sincere with his recommendations not to mention he's very knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list.
The food: We found everything to be cooked to perfection and it came out in a timely manner. The appetizers were on the table within 15 minutes of ordering. After the appetizers were cleared off the table the salad came, and then after that the main meal arrived. Every course was timed perfectly. This was a leisurely dinner and not once did we feel rushed or like the servers were hovering trying to clear the table so the next course can hurry and come out. 
I'm a concierge at a main hotel in the French Quarter and I certainly give this establishment an A++. Not only will I dine here again but I'll also recommend Tommy's restaurant to guests in this amazing city who is looking for a great dining experience.Last night we had a lovely early Valentine's Day dinner with wonderful friends. First time eating at Tommy's and it was fantastic from start to finish. We ate in "The Library" , a beautiful private room. It was as if we were eating at someone's home. The table was round and seated 10 with a three candelabra in the center. Truly lovely room. There are several different private rooms throughout. Our waiter was Robert and he was awesome. Thank you Robert for being so attentive but at the same time allowing us privacy. Everyone loved their meals. I had Sweet Breads over eggplant for an appetizer and it was amazing. My entree was a very delicious Duck Tchoupitoulas and for desert Tiramisu.  I can't wait to go back.  Thank's Tommy's Cuisine for a perfect night!!Laid back atmosphere with reasonable prices.
I had the fish special- a pompano broiled with crab topping on top of a potato onion medley with a side of asparagus with garlic butter.
Excellent one of the best fish dishes I have had. 
I am not sure when I return to NO that this will be a priority place to go as I only go once every decade but if I lived here I would be a regular.Service and food here are alright:  I shared mussels with a garlicky sauce with a friend, and had turtle soup.  These dishes were not spectacular, but I've tried worse, and I wasn't expecting anything better either.  My colleagues' dishes were of varied quality - almost all look standard and, according to them, 'tasted just fine', so it's not only my appetizers that left a so-so impression (fettuccine with shrimp, veal and a couple of desserts).   
So why the three stars?  This place works well if there are no other choices open and you are in the area.  This restaurant/bar/who-knows-what-else has a kitchen that closes at 11 pm, so it can come handy in certain circumstances. (However, so does La Boca, where I'll head next time that I'm in a situation of finding a decent place for dinner with 8 people all of the sudden.... I'm open to suggestions, so please message me if you know of a more reliable restaurant with tastier food that closes late)Love this place! I live in the neighborhood so I'm here on the reg. Chris, the bar manager, is the quintessential drinking host blending expert wine advice with witty banter. In fact, all the staff is great! The atmosphere is old school cigar lounge-esque with low lighting and big leather chairs. Great date spot or just good ole fashioned lonely hate drinking spot.My husband and I had my 75th B-day dinner at Tommy's.  The ambiance was so nice and the wait staff perfect.  Our waiter Sam, I can't say enough nice things about him. He made the experience amazing for us. The food was wonderful.  Presentation was perfect.  Anyone who goes to New Orleans should put Tommy's on their list. Be sure and ask for Sam.I love this place. I went while I was in town for a conference, and it was as different from Bourbon Street as a bar can get. The costs were lower than the French Quarter, and our waitress was very professional and friendly. 
We arrived around 10 to a small crowd and a piano player and got a couch and a few chairs. A latin band started playing soon after, the crowd grew (but never overwhelming), and the floor was cleared for dancers. It was the perfect place to relax and watch some great salsa dancers and musicians while drinking a good bottle of wine.
We were all dressed in clothes from the conference - a mix of jeans and khakis - but didn't feel out of place or underdressed. Most of the dancers were in nicer clothes, but it was a comfortable place where no one seemed to be judging your style. 
I found out about this place on a local musician's recommendation (he had a gig there the night before), and I am SO glad I did! I would love to go back every time I am in New Orleans.Went there last night. Party of 6. Food was good and the experience was OK. Nothing to really complain or rave about. A good middle of the road dinner spot.Good food but entree too 60 minutes and after 90 minutes still waiting for dessert. Sooooo slow.I have been stalking Yelp reviews for years but going here has finally prompted me to actually write a review. I love the atmosphere -- definitely different from a lot of places in New Orleans and it was really a nice, romantic spot for my fiance and I to get a drink with a pianist in the background. 
I do have one complaint here. We each got one glass of wine, $7 each, check was $14.83. We gave a $20 and typically,  I  would think that pretty clearly indicates that we want change back. Never happened. As we were finishing up, we tried to signal the server over (who honestly was not that great, took her a while to get our order and took her a while to bring the wine) to indicate we were ready to go, but she didn't seem to understand we wanted change. We finally just told her we were ready for our change and it took about 10 minutes to get it -- she had to come over and ask us what we had gotten, as she forgotten what our order was since she apparently already cashed us out and took the $5.17 tip. I used to be a server in college so I know how to tip well, but if I tipped $2.50 on every $7 glass of wine or a 33% tip on every order, I would be broke. I just would have expected better service and not someone try to get a couple extra bucks. She tried to blame the bartender as the one not giving her change (maybe true, probably not). But to top it off, we only got $5 back....as she had to get the manager over to the register to fix the refund (we could see him) you might think he would throw in the extra 17 cents or at least come over to explain why we had to wait for our own money to be refunded. That just makes me think they might try to take advantage of the younger crowd (I doubt they did it to the nice elderly gentlemen at the table near us) but maybe it was an honest mistake. 
Minus the service, I loved this place and will be back! Great place to relax and people watch!Great service and delicious appetizers.  Group friendly.  We shared the appetizers and deserts!  Yum Yum!Tommy's cuisine is awesome. From when we entered the building to leaving the service was excellent. As soon as we sat down one of the bar tenders (Sergio) got us drinks. He suggested to me one of their cocktails which was basically an old fashion with amaretto which was delicious. I ordered the Oysters Tommy for an appetizer, Cesar salad, and Veal piccata. My girlfriend got the duck entree. The oysters took a while to come out but the server apologized and brought out our salads (there was a large party backing up the kitchens oysters as the server informed us and apologized for the delay). Our oysters finally came out and the server comped the oysters without us requesting anything (I thought this was great service and understood the delay was on the kitchen and appreciated the servers actions). The veal and duck came out, both of which were excellent. I followed my meal with the taramasu which was light and sweet. Overall the food and service was excellent and you could tell the server staff was willing to go the extra mile and take care of the customer. This was my second time at the restaurant though my last visit was over 7 years ago. The food has always been excellent. I would highly recommend this establishment for anyone looking for good Italian food with great service in an excellent environment,Tonight's experience at Tommy's was absolutely the worst dining experience I've ever had in New Orleans! It is a shame that I cannot give it ZERO stars.
I can't believe this place was as packed as it was tonight, considering the fact that it took over an hour to receive our entrees (which were only semi-warm & underwhelming).
We certainly cannot be the only ones who have received terrible service & mediocre food here.
Suffice to say...I will never return to this restaurant & will never recommend it to anyone!!"I want some wiiiiiine," I whine internally on the regular. Yet I just recently had my first visit to Tommy's Wine Bar. Many a time I've driven past, vowing to go in ASAP and most likely the only reason I have not done so is that when I'm in the Warehouse district, I usually head straight to Bellocq without passing Go. Or, without passing Tommy's Wine Bar, as it were.
My favorite wine bars in town have until this point been Bacchanal and Delachaise, but Tommy's is unlike either of these. With a vibe that's more gentleman's club than rustic tropical backyard (love love love Bacchanal) or trendy, transformed diner packed with Uptowners, Tommy's is slightly sophisticated, while not at all stuffy. They offer a wide range of bottles and wines by the glass (bonus for an Italian red!) and you're more likely to rub elbows with a distinguished septuagenarian than a hipster or grad student. Sometimes, that's just what this wino needs. OK, so "needs" implies something slightly scandalous. I mean, sometimes I prefer a more quiet atmosphere so I can drink in peace while gossiping and conspiring to take over the world. 
I jest again! Tommy's is a damned nice wine bar, no bells and whistles, low lighting and slightly dated (in a good way) furniture. The staff is incredibly nice and attentive and I will be back for more, soon.The hostess was great! She was very polite, and she took our reservation last minute. our waiter was courteous and professional but he was a little slow. All the food was excellent, but the chocolate martini and crème brûlée are on the top of my restaurant list of choice desserts. 
I only give four out of five stars because we had a wonderful time and the food was great and the ambience was comforting and inviting; however, we were hoping for some more guidance on the wine menu. 
FYI The crabmeat appetizer had the most crab me at I've ever had in any dish. Perfection!Such a little gem tucked away in the warehouse district.   The wine bar is adorable and has a great selection of wines. We walked next door to the restaurant and had a great meal.  Our waiter Manuel was funny and accommodating.  We would rerun in a heartbeat.I'm giving Tommys 3 stars because the atmosphere and the waitstaff was top notch although a bit slow. Not sure if it was wait staffs fault or kitchen/bar holding us up. They attempt fine dining, but fall a bit short for those who have really known fine dining. We had a large party, 8, and tried the sampler appetizer which is everything except for sweetbreads, which was ok by me. I had a fairly decent filet which was slightly over cooked. It had far too much bernnaiss sauce on it. The " potatoes " looked like plastic & didn't taste much better. The broccoli was undercooked and doused with another sauce.. All in all, it was a nice experience. They also have a pretty extensive wine list.I went to dinner tonight with my fiance and father. This was our last night in New Orleans. The waiter gave us 3 pieces of brushetta which was very good. The bread was good also (same bread they made the brushetta). My father and I had the Chicken Rosmarino which was comprised of several chicken pieces ( small breast,  leg, thigh and wings)made up with olive oil, bitter olives and loads of garlic. I thought it was good. My dad doesn't eat dark meat so he was disappointed.  Both dishes came with pasta and sauce. The pasta was overcooked and sauce was terrible. Pasta has to be al dente!!! My fiance had Chicken Palermo and said it was mediocre.He also had a Caesar salad which many pieces were brown. His pasta was also overcooked and sauce not good. One visit was enough. I'm sure there are many other restaurants in the area that are better!!What a pleasant surprise!  We were looking for a place close to the hotel and found Tommys! Great atmosphere and wait staff and even better food. Try the chicken piccata. Best anywhere. We will definitely go back.Came here for a huge birthday dinner, my cousin's 21st, with a group of 12 people. First thoughts: we were pissed they didnt give us a round table per our request and their assurances. Also, the room we were in was hie and price, but also nice and dark -- hard to read the menus.
Besides these tiny tid bits everything was really great. They handled us quite well, considering. The waiter was extremely friendly and absolutely hilarious. Sarcastic humor is the best. 
I had some artichoke/spinach/hollandaise sauce meal that was extremely rich. It didnt blow my mind or anything and I probably should've ordered something else but by the time we got our main entrees I was admittedly pretty full. I had a crab and avocado salad which was delish.
Oh wow, I almost forgot -- TRY THE BREAD PUDDING! It is absolutely amazingly blissful and delicious. Probably the best i've ever had, and they give you a huge portion.Taking the suggestion from a friend, I took my daughter to Tommy's to celebrate her 21st birthday. Upon entering we were greeted by the hostess, Amy with a big smile and was shown to our table. The floor manager (Segio?) exquisitely dressed also came over to say hello. The ambiance was just as one would expect going to a 5-star restaurant. The food (Gulf  Fish and Chicken Parmesan), spotless dinnerware, and service were spot on. Everything was orderly and organized, like a Swiss watch. Of course, the person we had the most contact with (and perhaps the most important) was our server, Clairisse. Once she introduced herself and giving a brief history of the restaurant she highlighted the day's special with a detailed description of each dish. She took our picture, told a really funny joke and surprised my daughter with an unexpected birthday song from the staff! We really felt we were the only folks there because of the sincere attention she gave us every time she came by. What a delightful time your staff and management showed us.Great atmosphere, great food and great service! The bread pudding is out of this world. They have crab all over the menu. Don't like crab? They have duck, chicken, lamb - you name it. The menu has variety without being overwhelming. Rene, our server, was fantastic. They all were wonderful. 
Love this place. Great for intimate date night, work meeting or group dinner. Well priced, too!