The bartenders here are exceptional. My husband and I go to diverge from our dive bar routine. Cool vibe, good playlist. The cocktails are expertly made and beer offerings are unique. Food wise, some of it's great, some of it's ok. The Scotch eggs and fried chicken/ fish are my favorite dishes. The mussels are alright. They have specials most days. The outdoor space and occasional movie nights are a definite plus!Went for a quick dinner with my SO and we were delighted! He had the burger and a beer, I had the steak and a really excellent gin and rosé cocktail. All of the bartenders are friendly and hip, and the menu offerings are as tasty as they are appealing to the eye. We sat outside and had a little trouble getting service, but after a reminder that we were out there, everyone was really attentive. Treo is definitely a bright spot on Tulane avenue - mid city folks: come out and support this great place!Great bar, nice atmosphere, provocative art. Top story features an art gallery. A definite improvement to the Tulane areahmmm where to start...
The space is beautiful and light and clean. The bar is inviting and the space includes sound dampening panels so actual conversation is possible. The music (bartender's choice I think) is eclectic and fun. 
The upstairs art gallery is spacious and the balconies are a great traditional addition. The side yard is like an upscale picnic area...in really good way. All interior spaces are no smoking!
The food is yummy. I've sampled a variety of things and found everything a good value and delicious. 
The drinks. Oh my. The drinks. Um Bulleit Old fashioneds for $7 that are perfectly mixed. Yes please. I will unfortunately drink them all.
Friday nights after work seem to be the busiest time...although I hear lunches are popular too. 
The neighborhood is in transition so be careful, but you already knew that I'm sure.Just meh. I love the patio seating with the twinkling Christmas lights, but the food, especially the chicken liver pate, was unforgivably disgusting. There was an absolutely revolting layer  of clear sat on top of the tank, & I think it was intentional. I simply do not understand why anyone would think that was tasty. It merely it tasted like fat. The bread it came with was good, but I really would not recommend getting that  pate to anyone. In fact, the pare ruined my experience in such a way that I do not plan to be back again. The drinks are vastly too overpriced without good food to go along with itI went with my boyfriend for drinks one night. The ambience is great, but the barmaid obnoxiously threw herself at my boyfriend the entire time we were there even crawling on her knees as we sat in the front seats saying," How may I serve you sir?" Not sure if she thought she was in her own 50 Shades of Grey scene or not but if I were the owner, I would be embarrassed at the way my establishment was being represented. Although the place was nice, I would never return because of the disgusting experience we had.Went to Treo's just to check it out. Once inside I wondered if I was still in NOLA. It's chic, cosmo, and a bit out of place. I guess that if that's what you like it's nice enough, but I just found it odd, and like I might wake up and find myself somewhere in Houston.I love this bar! I work at a hotel just down the street and love to go to Treo afterwards. It's an excellent spot for first dates.Don't get scared off by the location of this place. Sure, it seems a little dicey at first but a chic and enchanting oasis of craft cocktails and mouth watering tapas awaits you! I love that they have a gallery upstairs and surrounding the bar area. The new orleans inspired ceiling will have you continuously looking up trying to familiarize yourself with the layout. The cocktails are hand crafted and unique ranging from $7-13 each. Although I did not have a chance to order food, the people around us vouched that the empanadas and patatas braves were beyond exceptional. They must have been right because we heard the bartender tell the newer guests around us that they were running out of a few staple menu items around 9pm. 
I had several cocktails, one being a French 75, and I love the attention to detail they invest in each cocktail while being SUPER FAST! The bar was packed on a Friday night but not a single person who approached the bar was kept waiting or impatiently waving down a bartender. They sure know how to keep a crowd happy! 
Plus, not only are the bartenders super efficient, they are super nice and conversational too. This place is chic and trendy without any of the pretentiousness! I will defintely update my review for this place once I've gotten a chance to try the food for myself.Good drinks. Cool art. I wish they had more coffee tables upstairs. There's lots of seating upstairs, but nowhere to put your drinks.This place never fails.  Had the pork chop special for lunch. It was moist and the mashed potatoes were creamy heaven. 
My wife had the beet salad which is a steal at the price.I had a lovely trip to Treo on Saturday. Tyler was awesome and made the best Sazeracs. The lamb meatballs and roasted cauliflower were delicious.The vibe is very welcoming and the art on display is really incredible.   The menu represents some unique Nola creativity.  Can't stop there.  The cocktail listing and beer list will definitely bring me back.  And best of all the staff is genuine and knowledgable about their offerings.  Felt like I was hanging with friends on just my first visit.Just when I was beginning to suspect the small plates scene in New Orleans had run out of new ideas, someone springs this place on me...
Trèo had a strange effect on me when I tried it with my girlfriend the other night. It's hard to put my finger on it, but the place somehow manages to come across as simultaneously elegant and chummy; sleek and cozy; sharp and soft. The art collection hanging in the bar area is stunning (special recognition is due to the city map made of reclaimed wood hanging on the ceiling), and the functional art gallery upstairs makes for an entertaining post-dinner digestive conversation. Of course, the art on the walls is a unique focus of the institution, which means the lighting is a bit brighter than you'd normally expect for a cocktail bar. Overall, I'd call the vibe jovial--celebratory, even. You'll be surrounded with conversation starters upstairs and down, including pieces ranging from the charmingly goofy to things that are a bit edgier than what would normally make it into a dining room, of all places. More power to them.
The neighborhood around Trèo is what you might call, "up-and-coming," which is kinda the point. For now, be careful walking to and from your car, but I bet you in 10 years there will be a dozen places like Trèo lining that stretch of Tulane Avenue.
Everything we were served was phenomenally good. The small plates do not resemble any I've had at the spots in New Orleans with more established reputations in the genre (Mimi's, Baru, Three Muses, etc.), and each and every one of them was delicious almost beyond description. I consider myself a fairly sophisticated diner, all things considered, but I'm not exaggerating when I say that I was sucking sauce off of empty muscle shells and slurping it out of the bowl like an animal, behavior which was probably a bit inappropriate given the fashionable, artsy clientele and sharp décor. We also had fried oysters drizzled with fantastic, smokey sauces, cheese-stuffed peppers and a lovely salad with pucks of fried goat cheese and a lovely charred onion, all of which was brilliantly decadent.
Drinks did not disappoint either. Sumptuous, delicate, inventive, well-mixed cocktails were served by talkative, charming, funny bar staff who were undeterred in their friendliness by the fact that they were incredibly busy. 
A bit crowded, a bit noisy, a bit rambunctious, especially if you're there on an evening when there's a special event or art opening, but that's part of the fun. If you're the type who prefers to imbibe in dim, brooding silence, then this may not be your cup of proverbial tea, but otherwise, I would strongly recommend checking Trèo's website (treonola.com) for their calendar of events, picking one that sounds interesting, and planning a decadent night out.Oh thank goodness!! Yet another glorious addition to mid-city!!! I immediately fell in love with this bar upon stepping my foot in the door. It's beautifully decorated with New Orleans-inspired artwork. They even have a large map of the city where you can stick a tack on the very street you live!  Treo is very contemporary which suits the fact that there's an upstairs art gallery just perfectly.  I'm a lover of anything aesthetically beautiful, so basking in Treo's ambiance felt just right. There's also an upstairs balcony area for anyone who wants to enjoy the weather or even have a smoke. 
The bartenders are also very friendly and great at what they do.  They offer house specialty drinks and also a large array of classics. They also make a pretty impressive Pimm's Cup, which I've pretty much tried at every bar I've been to.  
I have a feeling this bar is going to be something great. I'm already becoming a regular here. Kudos to Mid-City!Treo is a great hang out spot for some good food and awesome cocktails. The space is very hip and yet relaxed. The high top tables are nicely spaced so you don't feel cramped in a popular spot. They have a huge outdoor patio which is beautiful and inviting. The upstairs space is a rotating art gallery and anyone can go up there to hang out, drink, eat, and sit and view local artwork. 
The upstairs gallery can even be rented out or reserved. The Mid-city rotary club uses this space every month to host their meetings and the Red Shoe Society has also used this space for meetings as well. They have all the av hookups for a projector/projection screen and it is a fun place to relax and hold meetings in a more comfortable space. 
The bartenders are knowledgeable and helpful. The owners are super friendly and can usually be seen at this location. It's a great neighborhood bar but also worth the trip across town to check out. It's on Tulane Avenue (which at times can be super sketchy or under construction) but the fenced in patio is still quiet from the street noise and there is plenty of parking around the neighborhood which is pretty well lit.I love Treo!  It's just a great vibe and atmosphere with wonderful cocktails.  It's perfect for meeting up with a small group of friends to hang out & catch up.  The bartenders and owner are all top notch plus they have a great outdoor area too"I just got back from this bar on Tulane Ave...."
Way back in the early aughties, if you told someone that you went to a bar on Tulane Ave, they probably thought you were a closet crackhead or some peddler of some type of controlled substance.  Back then, Tulane was, for lack of a better word: sketch.  The kind of street that you didn't want to be strolling down after dark.  Today, well, it's not exactly Uptown, but the change is palpable.  With a massive hospital complex on the way, investment and optimism has returned to this long neglected part of the city.  Hundreds of brand new apartments have been built, a swanky new Vietnamese restaurant has sprung up at a prominent corner and then there's Treo.
This place represents everything that the old Tulane Ave was not, and that's a good thing.  As soon as you walk through the door, you're in a different world.  It's an amazing space the considering the condition of the surrounding blocks.  The owners of Fin McCools decided to double down on the neighborhood and it seems to be paying dividends.  This is Mid City's not-as-pretentious version of Cure.  The menu oozes with ambitious cocktails, top shelf liquor and tasty plates but nobody is going to ask you to exit should you decide to let your knees breathe.  The bar feels spacious thanks to the high ceilings and soft paint colors.  Light and airy come to mind.  Everything seems pretty muted and minimalistic until you look up.  
Sprawled across most of the ceiling is a complete ward map of New Orleans.  I'm sure that just about everyone has heard of the infamous/famous 9th ward and most locals probably know about the 7th and 8th as well, but did you know that there's actually 17 total?  Upon closer inspection, you'll notice that the center light fixture is the geographically correct Superdome.  The entire 3rd ward, where the dome sits, has each neighborhood street lit up.  If you look even closer you'll notice the exact location of Treo and Fin McCools highlighted.  Very cool, indeed.  They have unknowingly set you up for future bar ceiling dissapointment
Upstairs there is a decent sized gallery space complete with a wraparound balcony overlooking, well, the still improving Tulane corridor.  There's even a large outdoor 'patio' area minus any concrete or pavers.  At the moment it's a grassy knoll with strings of lights and a few picnic tables, but potential abounds.  
Now some might decry this entire effort and start throwing around the G-word.  One only needs to look around the city to realize that there is not exactly a shortage of struggling, lower income neighborhoods that are not recieving the same attention.  None of the residents along Tulane are crying foul.  
#1.  You don't get to complain about gentrification when you're one of the gentrifiers.
#2.  See #1.  
What's the alternative?  Do we want to go back to the Tulane Ave of the 90s?  I don't think so.  I live here, I've always lived here and will contiue to do so.  I want to see more residents, more businesses and more Treos.Fancy food and drink bar in Mid-City.  Food and drink were great but that is not enough reason for me to go back...
I live within walking distance.  You have to walk through very rough parts of town to get there.  It is the epitome of gentrification.  Treo does not serve the people of the neighborhood it is in.  To me that is always very sad.  
The bar itself has a very modern feel.  Very nice with very cool art work; however, it gives off the impression that it is trying way too hard to be hip.  Hipster ironic art mixed with recycled material art, mixed with mardi gras indian art etc.  It is trying to hard.
I went there for a fundraiser so the place was packed and I didnt get a feel of the normal business clientele.  That being said, it is definitely not going to be the normal laid back middle class mid city population and especially not the lower economic class black neighbors.  
All that being said...they do offer original tasty cocktails and have about 5-6 beers on tap that you wont find anywhere else in the city.  The beers are tap were fantastic.  No complaints and a lot of props to the alcohol at Treo.  
They have a pretty good sized menu.  It is all tapas so don't let the price catagories fool you.  The different prices do not equate to size (which is both good and bad).  The Scotch Eggs were amazing and cheap.  I absolutely loved them.  The crawfish empanadas were good and pretty big but in my opinion over priced.  The lamb chops were very very very good but pretty expensive but also probably worth the price.  The food was really really good.  They were very busy and the staff was very nice and the food was provided very quickly.  
So overall, in my opinion, Treo is a poor fit for MidCity.  It is a rich, white, young professional's pretentious bar in a very impoverished black neighborhood.  I like that MidCity has this type of option now but I don't think it is in a good location.  The bar is also trying too hard in my opinion.  Just comes off pretty douchey.  The food and drinks are really good but I felt uncomfortable.      
I am sure that as MidCity developes more and more and poor minorities are priced out, Treo will eventually fit right in.  They just standout now.  Kinda sad.We walked in, asked if anyone wanted the papas bravas, because they only had one order left. Yes! We proceeded to look through their craft cocktail menu. By the time we decided what else we wanted...cocktails and mussels, the papas bravas were already for us. A win! And what's even better, all the food and drinks were delicious!
Staff were very nice/social. They came and checked in with us without being too pushy or too standoffish. You could also tell there were regulars, and it was fun to watch the interactions. Bartenders were also super awesome when we found a discrepancy in our checks. Points for being nice and working with us to get it all straightened out.I love this place! 
I have been here 3 times now - once for a public interest fundraiser, once for an art event, and once just for happy hour cocktails. I love that they support the community, and their art space upstairs is great! The exhibit was wonderful, and they really did a great job at making everyone as comfortable as possible in a small space. The owners stuck around afterwards and had a drink at the bar, talking with the artists and whatever patrons wanted to chat - so nice and welcoming! 
Their cocktails are amazing! There is a 2-page list of classic cocktails, and the bartenders really know what's up. The first time I was here, a fabulous dude behind the bar walked me through ordering a gin martini (I'm kind of a newbie to cocktails), and it was super tasty. They are very affordable for what they are, especially compared to similar bars like Cure, and the drinks really pack a punch. Also, the atmosphere is great - very NOLA, but with a big international map and patrons from all over the world, and play good music at an appropriate volume so you can actually talk to your friends without having to yell. Also, every time I've been there, I've gotten into an accidental conversation with either another customer or a bartender, and really enjoyed myself. 
Friendly, fun, delicious, classy but not all snobby or overpriced. Also, cozy and lovely outdoor patio!I went here this past weekend for one of my friend's birthdays.  Pretty sizeable group.  You'd definitely miss this place unless you knew it was there.  The vibe and artwork is really nice!!  For drinks, I didn't stay long.  I had the Homewrecker which was pretty good.  I'm a light weight and was feeling buzzed from one drink alone. lol (Again, I'm a lightweight!) lol  The place closed at midnight but the waitress let people get a last call 5 minutes before midnight which I thought was pretty nice of her.  I didn't get a chance to go upstairs but that gives me a reason to go back right? Right!  I'll be back.This new bar is adorable! The area of town is a bit sketch for my liking (it is right off of Tulane Ave) but I got close parking and felt safe walking to the entrance. 
The art in the building is great and there is even a gallery upstairs (I didn't go to it, unfortunately). I got The Mistress which is a spin off of a French 75 and it was delish. My friend and I wanted to split these stuffed peppers, but they were all out. Instead we got the potatoes which came out piping hot and delicious.
My only complaint was that the bartenders were more interested in serving their friends than assisting me. When we wanted to order, the bartender told us we had the wrong menu and we to get us a new one. Both menus had the peppers and potatoes but it took at least 10 minutes for me to wave down the bartender to order food. :/
There is a cool place where you can place a pin on a map and let people know where you are crime. Metairie representing!!!I adore Treo! I've been there at least seven times now and keep wanting to go back. 
It's like the owners took the ease and comfort of Finn's (their other establishment) but put exciting art, gorgeous cocktails, and stunning food into the mix. I love cocktail bars but don't always love the attitude that can come with them (especially here in NOLA), but Treo has all the swank with none of the poo faces (I wanted to say stank so badly but thought it was a little too rhyme-y). 
Their cocktails are great! They're up there with Cure and Bar Tonique, but my beloved French 75 is only $7.00 at Treo! That's amazing! I started going there before they offered food, and now that there's food, I'm there even more often! I salivate for scotch eggs and basically peed in my pants, I was so excited, when I saw them on the menu (totally delicious and filling). 
The gallery upstairs is cool and I love the idea of late night art since most galleries close too early down on Julia St besides during White Linen/Art for Art's Sake, etc. 
A great concept, executed beautifully!Great place for both food and drinks! Great cocktails at good prices, and a delicious rotating menue for food.  Amazing people, and a cool vibe. Be sure to check out the ceiling and the art above it!Great atmosphere great people great drinks will defiantly be back.  I was there for happy hour so it was a bit dead though I don't know why!  Maybe could use some cool music but otherwise it's a great bar to just chill in for the afternoonThe food has arrived and it is marvelous!  It's New Orleans' version of tapas. My party of 3 had almost everything on the menu, and seconds on a few things.  When one of my companions told the server she has a problem with peppers, the chef came out and took detailed notes, then delivered wonderful food.  Absolutely no complaints about the Treo menu, even the prices are right!The bartenders were very friendly and made a delicious Old Fashioned. If we had more time, I definitely would have tried out more drinks on the extensive drink menu! Yum!! Also got a small snack consisting of the crawfish empanadas and the potatas bravas. Both were tasty and hit the spot if there was a spot to hit. Be sure to check out the ceiling above the bar. AWESOME.This place was only ok. To be fair, I think it just isn't my kind of place. It's pretty fancy and the drinks were very pricey and nothing to write home about. I ordered a French 75 and it was ok but not worth the $11 I paid for it. I don't think I'd return here again.I loved my first time spent in this swanky new cocktail lounge on Tulane. 
The vibe is unique - Metropolis, rather, post modern New Orleans comes to mind. And this is the rare occasion where I can say a brighter interior is a *good* thing. But wait! Don't think it's "bright" as in glaring lighting. Instead, there's a warm glow that's terrifically inviting. There's just enough light to admire the local art that graces the walls, not to mention that mind-blowing ceiling. Bright enough to admire your company, dark enough to keep everyone looking flawless. All kinds of good tunage playing, but at a volume that makes conversation possible. Also, I hear the resident "spirit" has its fun with keeping the music at a variety of levels... 
The bartenders are very friendly and the cocktail list is impressive. We sat at the bar and watched them work their magic - no pretenses here, no snobbery, either. My drink of choice the other night: absente-minded, quite delicious. There's a great selection of beers and wines, too. Although I understand that a menu will be coming, I saw that they did have a cheese plate available.
I'll keep this review short and sweet. I wish great things for Treo. It's off to a smashing start!I have been here a few times and have never had a bad experience. The bar staff is kind and knowledgable about their craft. Never pushy and more than willing to make a spot on recommendation. 
The food is superior. Chef James pays attention to every detail. The cheese board has quality cheese pairings and is perfect to share. The gumbo is rich and deviled eggs are a treat. This visit I had his Fried chicken with Mac and cheese and mustard greens. Well worth the trip! The breading was crisp and with the right amount of seasoning and under that golden veil the white meat was juicy and tender, a difficult feat with white meat. The creme brûlée was the perfect combination of smooth custard and crunchy brûlée. 
The atmosphere here is not something you would expect for the area. Classy and decorated with works from local artists, make sure to wander upstairs to see the art gallery. The works change frequently, so visit often!
New patio going in outdoors. Treo is a destination spot. Grab a cab and visit today (but not Sunday or Monday - they are closed)Came here on a whim - food, service and cocktails are great (killer lamb meatballs, solid gin fizz and old fashioned and their specialty cocktails are delicious). Can't wait to be regulars for Saturday movie night. Their patio is also a great spot for groups - it'll be amazing in the fall!Excellent food but location is not ideal. Be prepared for a bar setting but all of the drinks, wine and food we ordered rated 5/5 stars. Only reason to give this a 4 is location. We could not go in the courtyard due to private party, but the environment seems great out there too.No doubt a beautiful space...From the exterior door, to the wall art, to the ceiling, the
place is cool.  I arrived later on a Friday night..not that many folks there, actually two parties trying to leave, waiting on wait staff to cash them out.   That was a continuing theme...I have read other reviews about Treo, and a few mentioned inattentive wait staff...ordered a few beers from the dude behind the bar...and that was it....he never checked on my party the rest of the time...I had to flag another guy down to make a food order...
I have frequented many bars in my six plus decades...inattentive servers with attitude do NOT help the growth of an establishment.  Perhaps I caught the staff on a bad night, but given a choice, I will spend my discretionary income elsewhere.Was headed to another spot and passed this place last night. I had always wondered what the vibe of this place was, as I pass it daily to get to work. 
Ended up turning a quick U turn to have a cocktail at Treo. I must say the entire scene on the inside of this place caught me off guard. From the fancy door as you enter, to the art gallery on the 2nd floor. It seemed like this was kind of an oasis in the middle of Tulane Ave. We didn't order food, but the menu looked interesting. We ended up going outside to relax and smoke some cigars as we talked and enjoyed our cocktails. This area was really nice. Adorned with wooden decking and also restored church pews, I immediately felt at home. One of the bartenders came out and talked to us and I remembered her from serving us at their sister bar on Banks St. 
I've read numerous reviews that reference the fact that this establishment does not cater to the neighborhood's members, and I totally agree. But I'm certain that the owners had no desire to do that. They are probably hedging their bets that this neighborhood will continue to evolve as many neighborhoods are doing city wide. Its a very sad reality, but this city is changing QUICKLY before all of our eyes. 
But back to the space. I would go back again. Mainly because I like places that are chill and allow me to smoke a good stogie and drink a brew. I'll update this review once I try something from the kitchen.Great bar! A delicious hidden gem, it's in the middle of nowhere on Tulane but the food is great - I had the mussels and crab dip. The cocktails also were delicious, huge selection and the happy hour deals were super affordable, $7 for any classic cocktail.A MA ZI NG!
I took my hubby there for HH for his 30 year old bday! Cocktails are outstanding, the bartender even gave him a complimentary drink that he could not stop praising. The place is beyond cool, art everywhere, they have an outdoor patio, super cute to take a date or a bunch of friends. We had the patatas bravas as an app, delicious. 
You guys, you have to go. It is a cool bar for sure! I know I'll def be back!Treo is the perfect place for a socialite!  Granted, we were there on a rainy Monday  but the drinks were trendy. 
I ordered a cosmo, which was great.  The lovely bartender hooked my boyfriend up with a drink made with TITOS!.....our preferred liquor. 
 Conveniently located near i 10. 
The kitchen is not open, but the manager has confirmed it's coming. 
Fresh off the runway, walk upstairs to the art lounge. It was cool.  I am so HAPPY Yelp came up with this way for people to share places. 
I will be back soon.Great food, amazing atmosphere, and friendly staff. Tréo really stands out due to the upstairs art gallery, the awesome ceiling, and now the outside area. I'm not a big drinker but the food was divine:
- The Boudin Balls: incredible. Served with horseradish sauce. Good size. Only six bucks. Definitely the best bang for your buck on the menu, but this was one of the specials. Hopefully they make it a permanent addition. 
- Crawfish Empanadas: Super tasty. Crawfish étouffée in a fantastic empanada shell and a wonderful sauce. 
- Duck Gumbo: Fantastic. Also a special. I was surprised this was so good. The roux was dark and smokey and the duck and andouille paired well together. 
- Patatas Bravas: Honestly a bit overrated. They were good, but for eight bucks I would have preferred another bowl of gumbo or more boudin balls. 
Great experience. Will be back for sure!Excellent establishment. Drinks were great, beer was cold, the patio was excellent. The food was also very good!  If you're inside, take a nice peak at the specially designed ceiling and make notice of what the ceiling light is...that will guide the rest of your eye sight, really awesome ceiling. Happy hour was excellent. All in all, will return.I'm glad that the most recent Girl's Pint Out was held here because I wanted to check this new place out. The storefront is cute and the place is clean and contemporary. There are large art pieces along the walls like a gallery and there is an actual gallery upstairs (which I totally forgot to visit!). 
I believe there were six beer taps. I was happy to have an IPA and a pale ale as options. Seems like a nice place and I hear they plan to open a kitchen once it's approved.I've been back at least three times since my last review and have not been disappointed in any aspect on any occassion.
Updates on drinks....tried the Mistress.  It was pretty good.  Definite buzz after two drinks.  
Update on food....the crawfish empanadas are amazing.  I've been pairing them with the patatas which to me makes a great combination.  I feel like I wouldn't want to eat two of the crawfish empanadas alone so definitely recommend some type of side.
Dessert....the apple pie was AMAZING.  The edges were nice and crispy.  The inside was warm and had the perfect combination of cinnamon and apples. 
I really like this place.  I'm glad they stay open until midnight.  Plan on doing lots of late night after class meetings here.Fantastic atmosphere. Fun, inviting, well worth the trip!  Cannot day enough amazing things about this spot, full of art, a gallery upstairs and the cutest fenced in court yard. The staff is amazing and the owners are energetic and engaged with their customers and the community.Hadn't been in quite a while (I don't get out that much) and the kitchen has been taken over by a new group since and they are outstanding. Met a group 8 for a bite & some pre holiday cocktails and we all agreed we'd be back. We arrived just a couple minutes before 7 so we got to take part in happy hour (do that & enjoy some 'small bites', you won't regret). The atmosphere is perfect for adults having a chat. There were a few other small groups in there so we moved upstairs. Service was great & food was on point. I'll be back soon because the spaghetti & clams looked amazing & the three people in our group that had them raved. I had the goat cheese tortellini and it was delish!Great low-key spot with amazing food (try the clams!) and a good selection of beers. Nice outdoor area on a warm night as well, and you can play Boccia!This place is is the bee's knee's... the cat's pajamas... the sugar in my plum! It seemed a bit trendy and out of sorts for the Mid-City bars that I am used to and love, but don't let the swanky, lounge vibe fool you. This place is authentic and unique. It was not pretentious as I had expected, and it was a very mixed crowd there. The appreciation for art is everywhere in this place and is New Orleans inspired. Look above you, and you'll find a map of the city constructed with reclaimed wood, and there is an art gallery on the second floor. The food is a gastropub-tapas sort of fusion. We had the mussels and patatas bravas -- I would highly recommend both of them. The drinks were thirst quenching as well. The beer on tap is high-end. 
The gallery upstairs changes monthly. Venture past that and you will find a wrap-around, second-story balcony. Everything a bar-restaurant could need right? Wait. They have an outdoor area as well, which they are working on renovating. The friendly staff told us there may be a stage where they eventually hold live music. What more could you ask for? Such a gem in the neighborhood. We will definitely be back.We've been to Treo several times since it opened, and always enjoyed it. On some occasions it was very busy, other times just a small crowd at the bar. The consistent thing was the welcoming atmosphere, friendly and nice, and very comfortable. 
The bartenders are amazing. We've gotten to know a couple of them from the not-so-busy evenings, and watched them work like demons on the busy nights. And they aren't just throwing together gin and tonics, either. There's a huge selection of beer, which isn't my drink, but they know their stuff on beer as well as cocktails. No surprise considering the Finn's connection.
A couple of times we had the complimentary bar food, and it was delicious. Another night we had a cheese plate - excellent. Now we're looking forward to going for lunch and dinner.
I also appreciate seeing the owners there on a regular basis, and the fact that they've put so much of themselves into this endeavor. It's good to see a nice cleaned up building on Tulane Avenue.The bar has three areas: upstairs art gallery, outside garden, and the main bar. Felt like each one had a distinct vibe depending on your mood. The decor was fun.
Tried the old fashioned. Excellent. Orange slice, real maraschino cherry, giant ice cube. $8
Food menu was limited (and on the pricier side - all $10+) but tasty. Tried the arancini and squid ink pasta.Great little place to stop off before heading home. Quaint little spot that has all the charm and appeal that one can ask for. 
Love the outdoor patio; what a great little surprise. 
Indoors smells deliciously great and makes you wanna eat a big or two. 
Full bar for your drinking pleasure. 
Additionally, there's ans upstairs area that seemingly has an area for classes/small party venues. I mean, so cool... who knew?!?!?!?!?!
I'll be stopping in again for more noshing & to soak up more of the great great ambiance.This place is amazing! The food is incredible and the atmosphere is hip and fun without being pretentious. You never meet a stranger, and the staff is second to none. Partner that with great art showings and special events, and you have a home run. 
It's a great place to unwind with a friend after work, begin a great evening, or better yet, spend an entire evening amongst friends. Love it!I thought Treo had a great happy hour. The first time I went I was so pleased.  Ordered a whiskey sour during the happy hour for only $6.  It is one of my favorite drinks, especially when made with the egg white.  It was excellent and served correctly.  Also had some small plates that were good.
Went for the second time tonight and was incredibly disappointing with the way the bartenders treated me.  I ordered a whiskey sour again.  I was given a nearly clear drink in a tall glass filled to the top with ice and liquid.  I asked the bartender if it was a whiskey sour (knowing it wasn't).  He said, "oh woops, I forgot to put the whiskey in," and splashed some whiskey onto the top of the overflowing drink.  I was stunned that he didn't immediately remake it, but was also embarrassed for him.  However, this of course did not rectify the mistake of making an entire glass full of just the simple sugar, eggwhite, and the lemon elements of the drink. This place is a cocktail bar.  He admitted to handing me a glass of simple sugar and lemon juice, and didn't apologize or try to rectify his mistake. I asked him to remake it, explaining that it was incredibly sweet.  He just poured some more whiskey in the same glass.  I should have argued but I didn't, so and I walked off thinking maybe I could stomach it. However, I really don't like overly sweet things, and besides, I'd paid for a cocktail, so I went back to the bar deciding I'd just ask for wine.
When I did the other bartender working that night saw me.  I explained what happened and he acted like I was making it up, and said that it was supposed to be a sweet drink, (maybe a little but not a complete glass of simple syrup), but if I didn't like whiskey sours he could give me something else.  This was offensive. I know very well how to make a whiskey sour and I know that I like them.  It was clear just looking at the drink that it wasn't a whiskey sour (it was in a tall glass, stuffed with ice, and clear).  They both spoke to me like I didn't know what I was talking about.  They could have just been inept, but the more likely thing is that I got that treatment because I'm a young(ish) woman and they assumed I didn't know anything about the drink I was ordering/didn't need to be treated with respect.
The wine was fine and so was the rest of the night, but it always irks me when male bartenders patronize me like they both did.  I expected more from Treo.Tyler and the rest of the Treo staff are great! I had a (very belated) birthday celebration here over the weekend and we had a great time. It was super hot outside, so we didn't get to visit the courtyard, but the inside bar was perfect. They have a great cocktail list and a ton that are available during happy hour. I really enjoyed the debris fries and the half and half plate with shrimp and catfish. I will definitely be adding Treo to my regular rotation of bars.Drinks: mostly craft, but they've made my drink wrong twice before. Overall drinks are decent but slightly over priced. 
Atmosphere: I want to love the atmosphere. The neighborhood is "up & coming" 
Service: leaves something to be desired every time ... EVERY TIME! 
I've never wanted to write a review because each of my experiences has been worse when I hope they get better. 
Chief complaint - longest wait time to get a drink and even longer to closeout that I have ever seen with a bar with multiple bartenders. If you go to the computer to start a tab for someone else, close me out while you're there. It won't kill you. Making me wait more than 10-15 mins to close out equals less and less tip - and at this point I can't get friends to go back with me due to the wait time between drinks and closing out. It ruins their time and my time. Period.Amazing place for unique cocktails. Very happy to have a place like this in Midcity!!!I was really excited to try this place, but honestly it was a let down. It was a fancy cocktail bar so the drinks were kind of pricey. I was not suprised by this because fancy cocktail bars are often expensive, but was hoping this would be the exception--no luck. The food was decent tasting, but also pricey  given the portion size. My friend and I ordered the pate and it came with not nearly enough bread for all the pate so we asked for more bread. We expected this to be free since there was so little on the plate, but we were charged an extra dollar so again not a big deal, but kind of a bummer.
Now moving on from the price. The atmosphere of the place was kind of odd. It was a cute building but absolutely dead on a Friday evening. The music was a lot of Britney Spears and Destiny's Child which I love but not sure its what everyone is looking to hear when they come to a cocktail bar. There was an outdoor courtyard that looked cute but it was too cold for me to try out. A floor above the bar was a small art gallery that seemed to be mostly filled with work from children, but kind of cool to look at. 
Overall I would say go here if you are looking to splurge on a night of fancy cocktails and don't want to be around a loud crowd. I would try the place one more time maybe at a different hour and in nicer weather to see if I like it more, but it would not go out of my way to go back.The older male bartender with a beard is extremely rude and didn't not want to be there. If I wasn't there for a friend's party I would have walked out. I will never be back and hope you won't go either and have to be treated that way.Want a chill in a quiet ambience with good cocktails. This is a great place to come and unwind!Jambalaya cheese fries!!!!!! That's all I really have to say. Not to mention how cool this place is. I literally wanted to order everything on the menu and try all the drinks lol. Really cool vibes and the staff was cool. I didn't really know what drink I wanted and the bartender literally stood there and helped me figure it out (step by step) I know I was doing the most but it was worth it. Everything was great. I will be coming back :)I love Treo!
I had been meaning to try this place for quite some time, and when it came time to decide where to have people meet me for my birthday, I chose Treo. I wanted a place with craft cocktails but also with beer and wine options, I wanted good food options, and I wanted a smaller, more intimate setting. Treo had all of the above and I was acquainted with Chef James Cullen via Twitter, so I figured I'd go meet him and try his food.
I was the first to get there and people started trickling in. The bartender complimented me on my dress and asked if it was a special occasion, so I told her it was my birthday, and she made me a delicious drink (that wasn't on the menu--I told her I like French 75's) on the house.
Once people started coming in, we needed more space, and they helped us put tables together so we could all sit together. The same awesome bartender from earlier took very good care of us (I really should have got her name).
We ordered some food. I had the duck rillettes, which was very good. My friends got the catfish and jerk chicken wings and both seemed to enjoy the food.
The space is beautiful. It was the intimate setting that I wanted. It really was the perfect place to start my birthday celebration!
Thank you guys for taking such good care of us on Saturday!Cute chic place for a drink! I love their smash, I had it with vodka and it was dangerously Yummi!!!The owners of Finn McCool's bring you this amazing place that focuses on Art, Cocktails and Plates. I like the art, LOVE the cocktails and plates! 
Tréo is small and intimate which makes it great for dates. It also has a well stocked bar with one of the cities most provocative cocktails list.
Their menu is a combination of tapa style plates and regular "big plates". My favorites are the perfect spicy Batatas Bravas, Crawfish Empanadas, and the delicious lamb meatballs.
The Fried Chicken with the Mac & Three cheeses is phenomenal so get it if you see it on the menu.From the people who brought you Finn McCools comes the swankiest bar to hit Tulane Ave since... Wait is there another high-end bar on Tulane Ave? 
Treo takes all of the hospitality that we have come to love at Finn McCools and adds some delicious craft cocktails and amazing art! The bartenders are friendly, accommodating and patient for those of us who have a hard time choosing between two yummy sounding cocktails. 
I had the Farmisist which was a delicious tequila cocktail! Big thanks to the bartender (whose name I can't remember) for recommending it!this was a great place for drinks, food and art.  Unfortunately it is now  CLOSED.  Previous owners Pauline & Stephen are taking a well deserved break to travel and enjoy life!  New owners are planning a Hookah bar at this location.All I wanted was a good cocktail that night. After trying a bar in the French Quarter and seeing it was sidewalk standing room only, I grabbed an immediate Uber to Treo. There was a private party in the upstairs but downstairs had plenty of seats. I would have enjoyed looking at the gallery upstairs, but I digress...
Upon first look at the menu, I saw mostly classic cocktails so I asked the bartender for anything he wanted to come up with using gin. I was open. He started suggesting classic gin drinks. I again tried to ask for something different (I'm an avid gin drinker and know the classics), but then a patron started suggesting more classic gin drinks. Ok, I give up. I was very disappointed in the exchange because I enjoy seeing what bartenders can put together.
Nevertheless, the drinks we got off the menu were good. I eventually saw the seasonal list and got something off there. My husband had one of the house made sodas and loved it. I like that they have these listed on the menu for all those recovering alcoholics, DDs, pregnants, already too drunks, etc. Mocktails are all the rage.
Only other oddity was a very intoxicated/high/off man that walked in alone and was roaming/swaying in a very confused way. Employees were asking if he needed help but he was on another planet. So that can be a little awkward.
Seating is pretty good, art is killa, bar is long and the "where you from" map is a nice touch. Obviously check out the ceiling, it's bad ass.All I can is, SHOT OF THE SECOND! This hidden jewel has become one of my favorite bars. You can go right up to the bartender order the shot of the second, which changes every second, and is totally up the bartender to create something magical. Here's the best part it's like $3! The food is the bomb.com. You must try the shrimp and grits! I've recently become addicted to the crawfish. It's a fun spot for families if you want to eat crawfish, but more so for adults during the evening hours. Upstairs is Nola art displayed in a room for guest to enjoy. Very nice artwork I might add. If you're coming to Nola or you live here and haven't been to Treo... I recommend you plan a visit!Came here for happy hour the other day with a group of friends. Everything was okay but nothing really stood out. Moscow mules were discounted so ordered two and they were alright. They also had some happy hour food. The cauliflower and Brussels sprout salad was good but nothing spectacular . My friends ordered the toast which was a very small portion size. I did really enjoy the large open outdoor seating area there. Overall okay experience but nothing too memorable.I love this place. It has the coolest atmosphere and amazing mixed drinks. I absolutely love their scotch eggs and I believe it's the only place that I know of where you can find them. The gallery up stairs is cool to gaze at while sipping on your cocktail. The outdoor area is really nice as well.Soooooo good and lovely to boot. Stopped in on a Friday after work and the place was packed and LOUD. But there was an open table we grabbed it!! It was happy hour (specialty cocktails $1 off) so we had The Mistress (Gin, Blueberry Syrup. Lemon, Sparkling Rose), The Farmacist (Tequila Blanco, Grapefruit Liqueur, Ginger Liqueur, Fresh Basil) the Sunda Selat  (Cumin and Jalapeno Infused Bourbon, Lime, Liqor 43) and a rye Old Fashioned. Every drink got passed around the table, not because we knew each other all that well, but because everything was so amazingly delicious that it had to be shared. The Sunda Selat tasted like jalapeño but without the burn, and then the next sip was cumin. Amazing. My companions ordered the crawfish empanadas (I was still full from lunch at my beloved Cowbell) and they oooed and ahhhd over them and tried to feed them to me several times. They also got the fried oysters and insisted that I try one and I did. I intensely dislike fried oysters (it's raw or nothing for me) and these could make me into a fried oyster eater. Delicious, clean, delicately battered and the sauce on them was sooooo good. Paired BEAUTIFULLY with my Sunda Selat. 
All in all, it was phenomenal. The ceiling is GORGEOUS, the art downstairs is fairly trendy (every time I see that tired "good art doesn't have to match your sofa" piece I'm disappointed that some people think this is news worth repeating), and the food and drink AMAZING. The place was almost too loud for us to hear each other but what packed bar/restaurant wouldn't have that issue? It was fine. There's a gallery upstairs that I would have liked to have been able to access as well, but a new show was being installed so it was closed. Service was excellent. I can't wait to go back!!I've been meaning to stop here forever and I finally made it. It's a very nice space we went on a Friday evening and it wasn't very busy. We sat outside in the yard and there was a band playing that was pretty decent. Happy hour ends at 7 and all the classic cocktails are $7. I tried the aviation cocktail because I am a fan of gin cocktails but this one wasn't necessarily one of my favorites. We tried ordering food but they were pretty much out of everything. I'm going to give them another shot because I've heard so many great things about this place but my first time there wasn't great.Treo has awesome drinks, art on the 2nd floor, and outdoor seating. Treo actually doesn't get much traffic, probably one of the most underrated cocktail bars in the city. I'd suggest getting their sidecar or old fashioned. I wish they dropped egg whites in their whiskey sour. For those who used to frequent Bellocq, same quality as far as drinks goes and equally chill. Treo is very hip and modern, outside isn't though, but it's all good cause Shamrock is right down the corner when you're done being bougie. My girlfriend and I usually come here for a quiet night out. Good times, good times.The food is amazing! Great burgers, great empanadas! The duck, andouille sausage gumbo, lord, awesome!  Love the quality of food you can get in a neighborhood bar that isn't typical bar foods. The drinks are pricey but the pour is generous, service is good and the craft cocktails are all worth coming back for.I had the Ramos Gin Fizz to end all Ramos Gin Fizzes here last night. Also, the shrimp tacos were yummy. The shrimp seemed really fresh and they weren't overcooked at all, they had a perfect texture. There was some fried okra in the tacos, with the shrimp and shredded cabbage, which was cool. I love fried okra. The tacos could've used a little squirt of some kind of sauce, but I'm not complaining. They were really good, anyway. 
I am definitely coming  back. Next time, I will totally take the bus there. That way, I won't have to worry about parking (the parking situation is on the street and limited) and, best of all, I can have more than one drink!My friends and I loved our unexpected evening at Treo. This is a partnership of food and drinks. The micro brew store next door recommended this spot to us. We came just thinking we may have a drink, but stayed for dinner and live music.  They have a small intimate modern hip indoor seating area that is dimly lit, an upstairs art gallery space with weekly art events, and a spacious gardenesque outdoor patio with a stage for live music.   The food at the time was served by Tana, but in revisiting their website seems to be under a new name of Clesi with a completely different menu. Which is too band because the food that was served here was amazing!  Maybe they rotate their food partners?!?  They had an amazing local live bad. Some of the best live music we heard on our trip, and they were having a book signing!  The drinks were hand crafted with fresh ingredients.  They were delicious.  The food was small plates and shareable, very tasty.  Everything was amazing.  We kept trying other items. We enjoyed great music, while slow eating and sipping great drinks, under the stars.  The service was friendly and helpful even outside.  Great little community spot, with a romantic hip vibe, that supports local artists.Met a group of friends here for drinks and snacks. The service was good and we sat in the backyard which feels like someones home, in a good way. Cocktails were creative and well done as was the food. Odd neighborhood to have this modern but warm space, but I will definitely go back.A beautiful addition to an otherwise 'iffy' neighborhood, brought to us by the great folks who run Finn McCool's. I love that they are bringing the change that we'd all would like to see to an underutilized part of mid-city.
Great cocktails, lovely design, a floor dedicated to art space, plus an amazing outdoor area makes this a fine place to get a drink, meet with friends and get some culture all at the same time.
GREAT job!!Just perfect. Treo is the unique blend of an upscale, artsy, casual, modern cocktail lounge. It's exactly where you want to be after work or on a Friday night. And now that the kitchens open, wow. 
You get the friendly, welcoming faces you'd expect from owners and staff of a midcity bar, but the feeling of a luxe downtown cocktail lounge.  Surprisingly, you also get the reasonable prices of a neighborhood hang out. On my latest visit, I shared a bottle of delicious wine, steamed clams and patatas bravas. All amazing, and there's a lot more I want to try. At the risk of losing this new secret hot spot to the masses, I'm recommending you put it on your "to visit" lists.What a gorgeous place to eat/drink at! The neighborhood isn't something to write home about, but the place inside definitely is! 
They have a great art gallery space upstairs that also hosts draw/paint/drink/eat sessions through out the month. 
They also have a lovely backyard with large picnic tables that you can hang out in. 
The drinks and food are moderately priced, and I want to order everything on the menu because ti all sounds so delicious. I did order the scott eggs, tried one of their salads and a crawfish empenada. It was all so delicious. I definitely want to go back and get their cheese board because of their great selection of cheeses.Awesome vibe. The drinks are crafted beautifully by real bartenders. The best part is the food from Tana which is superior in every way. I have visited many times and have not been disappointed. All around an awesome place to spend an evening. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.Awesome place for cocktails & conversation! Treo has delicious mixed drinks that are super reasonably priced, really cool original artwork, and really just has an awesome atmosphere. I will definitely be back to try some tapas once the kitchen is open. It's wonderful to see places like this come to Tulane Ave!!Fun, trendy atmosphere with amicable bartenders and decent drink prices.  Make sure you wait until it's slow to get a Ramos Gin Fizz because they take their time and get them nice and frothy.  Also, you can get Clesi's while you sip--who doesn't love boiled crawfish and a fancy cocktail at the same time?