This spot was great! Menu was creative, and the drinks were knockout. Our host, Sunshine, had to deal with some rude guests and did so with incredible kindness, so kudos to her and the rest of the staff for making up in compassion what others may lack. 
We'll be back!I love this place! I am so happy we went. All the food was delicious, our waiter was great. This place is super fun and great for games. I'm sure this would be fun during the day too! Truffle fries and the beet salad were my favorite.The best thing we had were the beignet bites with chocolate sauce. I ordered the bang bang shrimp roti sandwich. It and my fries came out cold, and the sandwich only comes with three shrimp in it. Never had a gumbo with Indian curry in it before, but it was pretty good. 
https://blainerestaurantreport.wordpress.com/2021/03/21/treps-new-orleans-report-365/Awesome new spot. Tons of outdoor seating. Great place to watch saints games outside. Really solid kitchen menu and drink specials.1) The server kept offering us refills on our diet cokes, without telling us we would be charged for each refill. Soft drinks are $4. The menu did not say "no refills," and refills are pretty much standard here, so they need to tell you upfront before you wind up with an unexpected $12 charge. 
2) The menu said $19 for shrimp & grits but we were charged $20. The co-owner did refund this. 
3) I asked the server to put the appetizer on my bill but she split it among the three of us.
4) The food was very good, and the server was nice.Dined after a day at City Park. We were hesitant about being outside because it was cold, but the heated patio actually felt quite nice. I imagine the patio will feel good under any weather conditions. Our waiter, Kendall, was really attentive and super sweet! She took good care of us and really knew the menu well. The service was great from the second the hostess greeted us. Will return!!Trep's is my new favorite restaurant in Mid-City! My family and I love coming here because the food is so well priced and easily shared. It is also a great place to come with friends for drinks and on game days! My favorite dishes are the boudin eggrolls and truffle fries (which you can get as a side with your entree too.) The atmosphere is lovely. The space has a modern and industrial style while still maintaining a cozy and comforting feel. The outdoor seating is a wonderful touch and it is very comfortable no matter the weather as there are fans with misters to help bare the NOLA heat as well as heaters for when it gets colder. The servers are very friendly and make sure that each customer is having an enjoyable experience!Covid done right. Tables spaced far apart to safely dine without masks, without making it an awkward gapped out area. Super cool ambiance outside. Loved the truffle fries. Would def recommend to a friend.It was an unusual cold evening and we were seated by the hostess table. So it was very drafty and wet (rainy). Next time I'll bring a jacket. The server was GREAT (thaddeus). We had the Truffle Fries (yummy but not hot) and the gumbo (I loved and thought was priced right). My husband had the Ahi Tuma Nachos. The chip is like a Wong Tong and very good. We wished there was some kind of duo with them like Salsa. The desert (banana pudding) had too much whip to it but was still good. We loved that it was kid and dog friendly!!! We will be back for sure for the atmosphere (staff, kid & dog friendly) and the Friday HHService is amazing! The atmosphere is immaculate. Most importantly the food is really good. Good portion sizes and a lot of different items to choose from. 10/10!!Amazing food and amazing service. Our waiter was constantly checking on our table and the food came SO fast. Great outdoor seating and atmosphere. Highly recommend!This is a very nice space but food was extremely small portioned for price.... $13 for 1 taco and a handful of fries?! Appetizers is extremely small portioned as well.  Food was good, service was great but portions for the price very disappointingI gave it 3 stars mainly for the ambience. The outdoor/ indoor seating is great and this restaurant is beautifully decorated. Although the staff was friendly the service was extremely lacking. The amount of time I had to flag down my server for things like ordering appetizers or bringing the check was ridiculous. We went on a Sunday afternoon. When we waved the server down to come and take our appetizer order I made sure we also ordered entrees to ensure there would not Be another delay. The apps and entree came out at the same time which was annoying and the appetizers were cold. For the appetizers I had spinach dip and oysters. They were good but I feel like they would've been so much better had they been hot. For my entree I had a shrimp wrap which was nothing to write home about. I may give this place another try and go on a weekday and order a burger.Flavor of food was very good. Service was great. No complaints with the food or service. But I ordered a $14 salad and it was the smallest salad I have ever seen. Not even side salad size. So disappointed. Now have to order elsewhere for dinner.This place is great! Great food, great drinks and great service. The owners were on site and hands on and I love to see that! Mostly all the tables are outside which made me feel very safe and get to enjoy the trees. We will definitely be going back!Stopped by this place before boarding a plane back home to California.  Food was really good.  I had the cheese burger.   Also had the Garage Drank also very good.  Definitely will be back.Love it! I was so excited to see a new place to try in midcity and it really seemed like the newest hot spot where everyone was going! I came here one Sunday for a Saints game! I was pleasantly surprised to see that an outside bar/restaurant in the city actually takes reservations! Let me start by saying this place is HUGE! It was kind of awkward because my friend and I were really coming to drink and watch the game but the waiter was coming to the table literally every 5 minutes asking if we wanted food. We had just come from brunch so we weren't hungry but I ordered the Parmesan fries just so the waiter could relax. They were pretty decent but the garlic aioli was a bit strong. The drinks were good, I tried a frozen Paloma which was tasty and I loved the spices on the rim. Definitely recommend this as a cute new place to watch the game especially because it's so big and you don't have to get there hours early unlike some other outdoor bars in the cityOmg the place is so cute. Outside dining areas were limited due to weather in forecast. The staff was extremely nice. Jeremy wasn't even my waiter but went out his way to give me a compliment to my outfit and made my day. I sat at the bar because i dined solo at brunch and the bartenders were socially friendly. Nate was my server and was super sweet. Definitely would come again and seek Jeremy and Nate. I had the turkey club sandwich with truffle fries along with the Parish Sunset and Flor de Cana Seco. Both food and drink was greatTREPS IS THE WORST.  I came here with friends and family and what a mistake I made.  The food is less than mediocre.  The drinks are way overpriced.  The only good thing about the place is that you can bring your dog if it weighs less than 5 lbs.Highly recommend! The waiter was extremely polite and attentive. My drink (the Trep's Lushie) was phenomenal. The space itself is perfectly curated. If you're trying to watch a game, you'll have no trouble seeing the many TVs. The courtyard seats offer shade, covering for rain, and plenty of fans to keep you comfortable. Our food great too!Great spot! We went on the most perfect of New Orleans' fall weather days, but I imagine it would be just as lovely any other day, due to the copious amount of fans that were installed on every corner of the patio roofing. 
This place attracts wide range of patrons which is nice to see. The patio vibes are REAL. We definitely saw Sidney Torres roaming around the restaurant while we ate so that was cool. 
Food was great! I got the Chop salad. Little too much dressing for my liking - it made the leaves wilty. Would ask for it on the side next time. Flavor was amazing, however. Included a photo to build their Yelp "photo menu." Would recommend for any occasion! These guys truly know what they're doing when it comes to building a great spot to enjoy not only a meal but time together with friends and loved ones.We tried this sorely needed Midcity/Lakeview neighborhood restaurant last night after noticing it on my morning commute. We made a reservation on OpenTable as recommended by their website and I'm glad we did because the tables filled up quickly around dinner time but this could've also been because it was rainy, and they were trying to seat guests only in the covered part of the restaurant. 
To be honest, I kinda zone out when servers give me a run down of the menu but I really liked how our server (can't recall her name but she was great!) explained the "lubrications" (drinks) by their flavor profile, indicating which one would have a bitter taste vs their twist on a margarita. 
I had the Parish Sunset which was described as the easiest to drink and there's no denying that! My +1 had the increasingly popular Jucipher in a can followed by a Dixie Beer. For food, we started with the truffle fries and finished with the hot chicken sandwich. All in all, it was a good dining experience at a spot that I think will become a neighborhood favorite.
I asked the server if they show all the games to which she said yes, so I followed up with "so you have the NFL package" to which she said she wasn't sure -- if this place ends up showing all of the NFL games, they'll be seeing a lot more of us because while I am a die-hard Saints fan, I married a guy from Philly so we're always looking for places willing to show other games!Very beautiful atmosphere/ambiance, Amberlee was extremely professional and sweet, made great recommendations. Will definitely be back.Great restaurant and environment that still enforces social distancing.  Different games on each set of TVs to ensure everyone is satisfied. Great food as wellThis a great outdoor seating restaurant where dogs are welcome. Since I am not a dog person I wasn't a fan of them all throughout the eating area. I would feel better if they were in one area where owners aren't allowing their dogs to get close to me or walking by holding them one foot away from my table with their tails wagging and hair possibly landing in my food or drink. I did have to look. 
Now to my meal! There are, in my opinion, a hodge podge of things on the menu. Before visiting the restaurant there weren't many reviews, fairly new restaurant, nor did I see anything, except drinks, that stood out to me while looking at the menu online. Well to my surprise, they added the "Roadies" to their menu that day. They call them tacos, but they remind me of gyros. I tried the spiced lamb and it exceed my expectations. The "shell" is a pita bread shell that was so good and soft with a buttery flavor. I wanted an order of them to satisfy my bread craving. The lamb was nice and tender with a lot of flavor. The taco was stacked full of lamb. Before eating it as a taco, I had to eat a number of pieces to make it manageable. Great for lamb lovers. The fries that came with meal were very good. I am judging them based on me eating them cold. I visited Trep's when we had that cold front so my food turned cold quickly. Since I continued eating the fries when they got cold lets me know they are quality fries. Lastly, they have mixed drinks I'd like to return and try. Check them out when you have a chance. Perfect for people not comfortable with eating inside of restaurants during the pandemic.Had a dinner date and was my first time here. The appetizers were good. My favorite is the wings. We ordered the burger and the lamb wrap which wasn't that great.Trep's was great the first time we ate there. Lots of TVs to watch games, better than average food, and a more adult-friendly vibe versus your typical beer garden with games, etc. Fast forward to our second time there, only a few weeks later. We ordered the mussels and were excited to eat them. However, they literally tasted off...and not to be crass but like feces. I've had bad seafood before but this was all together a new (and horrific) experience. We stopped eating them immediately and ended up ordering more food which was pretty good. We thought it just had to be a bad batch of mussels and we had enjoyed our experience there thus far so we didn't complain to the server and enjoyed the rest of our time there. Feeling hopeful about Trep's, we booked a table for the game today and ran into traffic so we ended up being about 30 min late. When we arrived, they told us that we were a no show and they had given our table away. They informed us that there was nothing else available for the day and wouldn't even try to find a spot for only two people. I understand giving a reservation away but usually restaurants call your phone to inquire before giving it away. No one called us despite taking my phone number down when I made the reservation. So, why did you need my number if you were not willing to use it in a situation like this? Overall, we were extremely disappointed with Trep's. It had so much potential and we were even willing to overlook an extremely bad batch of mussels, but their lack of care or concern when it comes to customer service is appalling. You think they would have at least tried to find us a seat or at least acted like they were sorry about giving away our table without even contacting us. However, the hostess seemed like she could have cared less.For now this place gets two stars because I am not wowed by the chicken sandwich. Now that I'm looking at the menu I see that they only put Swiss, fried chicken and a bun. 
So I asked for no honey mustard and instead I got no bacon, tomato, or lettuce. This is actually even more disappointing now that I write This.
I remember looking at my sandwich thinking "uhhh where is the rest of it"Food has a small but nice selection and was amazing. Staff was great and the owners were accommodating and super nice. The atmosphere, ambiance and energy of the place was wonderful. They have indoor and outdoor seating and are taking strict COVID precautions. Highly recommend!Cute outdoor seating vibe. All food & drinks we ordered were better than expected, especially for a brand new restaurant. Loved the beet salad and the truffle fries. Great service. Will be going back again very soon.Made reservations for brunch, and I'm glad we did because they were full on 
 a Sunday mid-morning. We sat outside at one of the small two-tops. The outside ambience was nice; lots of tables to seat tons of people and TVs where I'm sure this would be a great sport spot. Service was good though of course slow as they were stretched a bit thin for that many people. I think full sitting down to leaving we were there for 2 hours for brunch. Which is not a complaint, just something to know before you go - still felt very well taken care of with drink refills etc. I would definitely come back for brunch, though maybe when it's not so hot. There was plenty of shades and fans, but it still gets super hot in the late morning / afternoon. The cocktails helped with the heat, and better still, all the cocktails we tried are super delicious. The food was flavorful and delicious as well. Kind of your standard Southern staples done well with a few original items. I can't wait to come back to try more things!Wicked nice outdoor seating area.
Went there for the Saints V Packers game with the wifey. We sat in the patio by the kitchen/bar There were tons of fans and TV's out side to make it very comfortable for viewing. Menu was simple and cocktail program looks it too. I like it when places are straight to the point. We ordered apps and a salad to share. Spinach dip, Truffle fries, Boudin Rolls and a beet Salad. Only had a Cider bc it was a school night... Brining my family back on Monday maybe our dog too.This place is awesome! The space is very large, especially the outdoor seating. Heaters aplenty in case it's a little cold outside. TVs everywhere. Great place to watch a game! The bang bang shrimp roti taco was very good. Definitely more filling than you'd think. Our server was attentive (Max). They hace ice cream with cookies!!! I would recommend they serve the cookies warm tho. Though they're fresh, they cold. Warm cookies are better. And maybe don't stick them in the ice cream to get even colder. I ordered the Bacchus drink. It's a stiff one. It's good though. Overall, I'll be back. There's more on the menu I want to try. Plus the space is so niceCreative options, beet saladas. They used to be a gas station. Moto is fuel for humans, delicious food and enjoyable outdoor sitting.I am so excited about this new addition to Nola and to the much needed sports bar scene! Not only is the space modern and fun, but it's basically all out doors, making it safe to enjoy during this crazy covid time! The food and drinks were amazzzzzing. Service was perfect and for the sports lover. Giant tv's everywhere!!! New favorite spot!!!!Stopped by Trep's randomly when we were in Mid-City the other night. We got in super quickly on a Friday night without reservations. The outdoor dining was great now that the weather is getting nicer. We were served quickly and everything was sooo good. The ahi tuna nachos were unique and super light, not as heavy as regular nachos. The corn maque choux and sauce on the shrimp and grits were super tasty and flavorful. We didn't have enough room for dessert, but hopefully can come back soon and try more things on the menu! Would be a fun environment for game day! #ThankYouThursday2021Egg rolls We're amazing everything else  my friends ordered looked great as well and service was top notch even with a large group.Had a great night having drinks & apps all evening. Great atmosphere under the tent and didn't feel crowded or rushed all evening. Definitely a great "dine-in" place.Went on a Friday night for a friend's birthday, table of 14! Choppa was our server and he handled it like a true pro. Gave great recommendations and was very prompt and patient. The drinks were great especially the Garage Paloma and Lushie. Some food items we ordered: gumbo, boudin egg rolls, chicken wings, truffle fries, tuna nachos, tuna bowl, shrimp and grits, shrimp pasta. All were great. The only thing that was mediocre was the chicken sandwich. Highly recommend for a large group. Actually already rebooked for my birthday in a couple months.Service was excellent! Our server was amazing and very attentive. The food was fantastic! We enjoyed all our meals and love the dish choices, great cocktails. Would definitely recommend!This place somehow manages to be a trendy spot for meeting up with friends or a date night as well as a pet (yes dog owners!) and family friendly (yes parents!) joint that everyone can enjoy. TVs everywhere, multiple games playing, great salads, burgers and bites, and a really awesome ambience. Love that the menu includes vegetarian friendly options like a veggie burger and healthy options like dinner size salads. We absolutely loved the outdoor seating, but the indoor bar area will be a cool place to hang when it gets colder and big picnic tables on one end could be a great venue for a birthday gathering. The Mid-City/Lakeview scene just went up a notch!Had an amazing time there to cap off my birthday weekend. Food was absolutely delicious. Service was amazing. I definitely will be a regular there.Great great place. Beautiful outdoor dining space. Great bar. Heaters outside for cold weather.  Food was very very good.  Nice liquor selection.Ordered the tuna nachos 10/10 amazingly delicious! Our waitress Stephanie was amazing and provided us with great service! 
Thank you for a great experience, we will be back soon!Trep's was definitely an amazing experience! Such a cute place and it almost makes you feel like you're in another city. The service was amazing and the brunch was even better. I was told that this was only their 3rd brunch ever and I'm so excited to see how they expand. I will definitely be back for those boudin egg rolls!We went for New Years Day lunch. Our first and last time going. I understand shirt staffing at this time but I think that the restaurant shouldn't seat so many tables. It took about 10 minutes for our waitress to first come to our table. The truffle fries came out cold and stale! Took us 10 minutes to find waitress to send back and get fresh. After asking for napkins and another beer and waiting 15 more minutes we got up and found our waitress carrying out a HOT beer. We paid her and left. Let me say our waitress was a gem but totally too many tables to handle. I watched around and it was the same for all tables. Totally ruined our day!Made a reservation for a Mardi Gras celebration at 3:15. When we got there at 3:10, we were told they "were waiting on us". Once we sat down and waited over 20 minutes for our server, we were told the kitchen closed at 3 (even though they accepted our reservation for 3:15 much earlier in the day). This was news to us and made no sense. We felt rushed and uncomfortable. The "kitchen was closed" before we even sat down. Wouldn't go back.Okay so what started out as a not so great experience turned into a good one. After being seated and not being serviced for a long while we decided to leave and then on the way out we spoke with a Manager named Tim and he helped us turn the night around so shoutout to him. 
The food was good started with the Boudin egg rolls and the Dip Stick. Had the veggie burger and I must say the caramelized onions on top made it *chef's kiss* 
Would also recommend the pear fashioned and pro-tip get it with tequila instead of bourbon.Giving it 3 stars because the ambiance is really nice... the food however... overpriced and tasted too much like I could have gotten it at Burger King. Comfort food is fine, but small portions, high prices and ...meh.... quality don't add up.  I guess you're paying to see Sidney Torres walking around???Mediocre, more than decent offerings with nice & friendly, good service & good quality ingredients (and even good social distancing measures which we appreciated), but the Problem is the Minuscule Portions for the price & the feeling like we had just been fleeced while leaving still fairly hungry.... if Chiquito means small in Spanish then the Boudin Egg Rolls were barely one Chiquito cut into four tiny slivers - May I suggest Trep's check out the similar (& their possible prototype, even) but much more substantial Boudin Egg Roll offering at Piece Of Meat just down the Street for a proper Egg Roll, not Chiquito, Serving Size - and then our Burger & Chicken Sandwiches were on the small side but pretty good only to be offset by undisclosed $4 up-charges to each for, again, very minuscule portions of very good truffle fries bringing the Burger to $19 & the Chicken Sandwich to $17.... Man, this is Mid-City, not Manhattan.... but with a little tweaking of the Menu, Prices and/or Portions Trep's has the potential to be pretty darn good, I think.....Ended up here because Clesi's next door (which I remember being decent) was closed. 
Hands down, Trep's had the worst gumbo I've ever had. $16 for a bowl of watery roux. No flavor whatsoever. Hardly any sort of meat or vegetables inside of it--just a little rice. Save your money and go somewhere else. Lackluster service too...despite many staff milling about, our waitress never came by to refill our water...I guess if you don't subscribe to the $4 tea refills you are second class.We had such an amazing experience! I'm so upset that I can't remember our waitress's name but she was incredible! She brought us everything we needed, she was friendly, and extremely nice to our young kids. We had amazing drinks and tasty food! The food was delicious. We ordered Ahi Tuna Nachos, chicken wings, mussels, and a salad. The kids got the ice cream cookie sandwich, which they loved! Overall 10/10! This place is a must.Unique classy converted gas station , kept the atmosphere without being cheesy. Wait staff was quick and friendly. The food was well portioned and delicious, you won't leave here hungry. Plenty of beer on tap and good cocktails ( not to strong so you are able to try a few). Definitely worth the drive. We will come back on our next visit to New Orleans.Trep's is fairly new, and since it used to operate as my favorite auto repair shop, I had to go check things out.
We planned to have  dinner with a couple of friends and made a reservation so that we'd be assured a table. 
When we arrived things were very busy and after waiting a few minutes we were seated.  A waiter came by to welcome us. He said he'd be back shortly with menus and to take our drink orders. After a pretty long hiatus he returned with said menus and took our drink orders.  We hung out and chatted while we waited. It was very loud and a little chilly, but we were enjoying our time with our friends, even though we had a hard time hearing them. 
Our drinks finally arrived and the waiter began to take our orders. Someone in our party asked a question about a menu item and our waiter left to get an answer for her.  He literally never came back.  Never.  
After about 15 minutes we asked another server if she knew where he was and she told us that he had left. Womp womp.
She promised to find someone to take over for our original waiter and once she found another staff member to help us we were back in business.
We all had burgers and truffle fries, and we all enjoyed them.  Our drinks were pretty tasty too.
The long wait and confusion caused by the waiter leaving the premises mid-order are the cause of my three star rating. Like I said, our burgers were good and so were our drinks.Came for lunch on New Year's Day when many other restaurants were closed and we were NOT disappointed! I will definitely be adding to my place of lunch suggestions to meet friends in mid city. Cocktails were good, and the homemade lemonade cocktails deserve 2 thumbs up. (I personally really liked the cucumber one) burger & truffle fries was great. Cute atmosphere of mostly outdoor seating.SUPER CUTE place but wish they had some low carb or healthier food options. Had the chicken biscuit for lunch, it was good but nothing special. Bramble bee cocktail was very good!!The server was very flighty. Food was...less than any expectation. This place is definitely a social media trap. Looks good in pictures, but that's about it.New spot that obviously plans to have a different vibe and format post COVID but overall the food was better than average for a limited pub food menu. Service was quick and friendly and they were particularly attentive on the drinks, which was appreciated for College Gameday.What' a gem!  Been going there every week since they opened.  Great menu and they have some some surprise food and cocktail additions frequently.  Beautiful outdoor space with wonderful staff.Great food, great service, great space. We had 6 food items and all of them were very much on point - great flavors and fresh ingredients. The cocktails were delicious as well. Love the outdoor space, spread out tables, and lots of TVs. Bonus - Sydney Torres was also very involved both running the place and even helping to clean off tables. Overall we felt very safe the whole time and really enjoyed the food and drinks, I look forward to coming back again soon!Update: went to Trep's again after being bribed by a friend and this experience was much better. The atmosphere is very nice and the service was ok also. Their "lushie" is fantastic, highly recommend. Not too strong and not too weak either. As for the food, I ordered the same thing again, however this time I cut it in the middle before consuming. It was fully cooked (hallelujah)! But the sandwich was not served the same as it was when I previously visited. It didn't have the same toppings which was odd but I rolled with it. It was actually really good, all things considered. I'm glad they've made improvements. I'm willing to give it another shot.Trep's is an ideal spot for outdoor seating, delicious food, great drinks, easy parking and plenty of TVs for catching the game. We were there during the NFL Sunday so ordered off the brunch menu. We snacked on a dozen oysters and the boudin egg rolls, along with the crawfish biscuit and half the cocktails on the menu. All so good!We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner reservation here. Service was great for our table of six. We were able to eat, drink, and hang out without being rushed out. Atmosphere was fantastic for a breezy spring night. Food and drinks were delicious with fresh ingredientsThis spot was impressive they had good selection of food overall enjoyed my meal. The place looks very nice inside and outside as wellGreat outdoor, covered patio seating! Spots for those seeking shade or sun. Went on a Friday after work and the place was pretty full, although there was no happy hour specials (that I could tell).
Service was fantastic, and our server went through the drink menu super thoroughly, including her favorites & letting us know which ones were *very strong* and which were a little less potent. Super helpful. I got the lemongrass lemonade cocktail ($11)- delicious! My friend got the frozen "lushie" and liked it as well.
The food was simply "meh." I got 1/2 dozen raw oysters ($8) and the tuna nachos ($15, huge, but the tuna:crema ratio was not great. as in lots of sauce, little substance.) Friend got the shrimp roti sandwich & fries and shared my shrugg-y attitude.
In short, I'd go again for a nice cocktail in the nice atmosphere, but would plan on eating somewhere after with some more bang for my buck.Place is cool, drinks are good, service was ok when they were busy, but the food was not great. For New Orleans, it comes off as overpriced commercial bar food trying to be fancy. Think Top Golf food, without the Top Golf. None of the food has us wanting to go back but seems like a nice place for a cocktail.The three stars are strictly for the atmosphere. The food is absolutely horrible. We both ordered the chicken Cobb salad which was presented to us by our waiter as having delicious fried chicken on top.. it came with deli sized, cold, cubed fried chicken. It was disgusting. We both said we would've been better off getting a Wendy's salad because at least a Wendy's salad isn't $13 and it tastes better. Then we ordered the Hot Chick sandwich which sounds so good on the menu. Again, majorly disappointed. It was a thin, small chicken patty that gave me flashbacks to the middle school cafeteria. The bread was falling apart as if it was stale. Again, we wished we had gotten fast food because then at least the price and food quality would've matched up. Anyone who says they enjoy the food is lying.Friends recommend we dine here. I had no idea about what to expect. This is a first class casual place. When we first walked in, we could see that so much thought and care went into the design. The staff was professional, yet perfectly friendly. Ordered our fave cocktails, Old Fashion and Manhattan up, perfect. We shared the Pei Mussels and Frites. Frites splashed with Lemongrass Curry ... who would have thought that combo? Come to this restaurant, awesome! PS I didn't get paid for this review. Good job!My friend and I made a 1pm reservation here during a Saints game day. We checked in, and the host sat us quickly- right in front of a tv with great viewing angles. We then sat at our table for about 25 minutes before anyone came and said anything to us. When the host sat another group at the table next to us, he asked if anyone had taken care of us. We said no, and he quickly brought us our drink order. After another 25 minutes, the group next to us grew from 2 to 5, and a server took their drink orders, and brought them their drinks. The server then took that groups order, and I had to deliberately ask the server to take our order. The food came out pretty quick, and was pretty decent. 
My friend's second drink was delivered and there was a fruit fly and piece of same herb in it. We asked for a replacement. The server returned with the exact same drink... it wasn't a replacement, or a new drink. It was the exact same drink- with the same fruit fly and piece of herb in it. I know everyone is busy during Saints games and I'm sure there's short staffing here but the server was in our vicinity and I made eye contact with her at least once during the hour we waited to place our order. The other group that she took the order from before us, sat after us. 
The host was the lone bright spot- he checked in on us a few times. I also learned that this was Sidney Torres-owned while I was here, and Sidney is a garbage human being so there's that.Love this place. The atmosphere is awesome and the drinks are always great! Any time I want a relaxed, chill vibe I hit this place up. You can't go wrong with the truffle fries either.Their food is mediocre. I had the Couchon  d'lait sandwich which was dry and tart with hardly any cole slaw as promised!  They should eat one at Crabby Jack's and try again. My husband ordered a seafood gumbo. It came with one, count 'em, one shrimp in it. When we brought this to the attention of the waitress, she went into the kitchen and then told us the chef was going to remedy the situation. by the time that happened, my husband had finished his bowl not wanting it to get cold. and then she brought only 3! This is New Orleans!  Shrimp are cheap. No need to be so stingy.  Lastly, the hamburger the 3rd member of our party got was over cooked and without taste. We Probably won't go back. Too bad cuz their outdoor seating area is lovely.Super happy with this little spot. Great outdoor patio that lets in some sun but still has canopies to provide shade. Also ample fans for when it's warmer. Definitely want to come back and try some options from their cocktail menu. 
We had a chop salad and chicken club. Both were good staple options. BF had raw oysters as they're on the menu on weekends. $8 for 1/2 dozen wasn't too bad. 
Only downside was our poor waiter had too many tables and it was a bit hard to get service or water refills.Went there for lunch today and we opted for the outdoor seating. They had the heaters running which made it pretty comfortable for the cold weather we're having. There is adequate spacing for social distancing and the waiters were all wearing masks. There are a lot of tvs set up around the outdoor area if you're there for game day. I was a little worried looking at the menu because it seems a little all over the place with no cohesive theme, but the food was really good! 
My SO got a hot toddy which was nice and warm. I ordered the roadside spiced lamb roti taco and upgraded my fries to truffle fries. The truffle fries were delicious and I was scraping the last of the garlic aioli from the container. The roti was really good and had a good amount of lamb and other toppings (lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, red onion, dill crema, and sambal olek). I finished the whole thing and would definitely order it again. My SO got the NOLA Hot Chick and the bite I had of it was nice and spicy.This is the perfect restaurant for Covid it's wide open and airy friendly staff and the food was good. I'm looking forward to go in there to having some of their cocktails in the future. I had a chicken sandwich and fries and was very pleased. The Boudin eggroll was also good.Can only review the atmosphere, cocktails & truffle fries from here - but what we did have was great! 
Grabbed a table at Trep's while waiting for a table next door at Clesi's. The atmosphere right when you walk in is welcoming, and I love that everything is open air. They have a variety of cocktails and beers, though I initially ordered Abita Amber on draft and was given a Dixie - they rectified. The truffle fries were delicious and the aioli that came with it was amazing! 
Covid related - tables aren't really spaced 6 feet apart, a table for sat right behind us and were within arms distance. Servers wore masks. 
Will plan to be back to try more on the menu, and not on such a busy day (we came on a Saturday early afternoon)!Everything was great! The charbroilled oysters were yummy! The raw oysters tasted very fresh, my husband loved the wings and his lamb taco. Now the mussels were fabulous! The chef that made that curry lemongrass for the mussels bodied all the flavors and it was soo delicious!! I would have liked to have my few pieces of bread to be toasted to slop up that amazing broth at the end but ot made due. And to end this review, I'd like to mention how great Amberlee's customer service was along with her vibe and attitude that were so energetic and we appreciated her attentiveness. I'd absolutely come back here if I get another chance to come to NOLA!The outdoor space is great, and perfect for social distancing and Covid safety. But the food is seriously mediocre and overpriced for what it is. The wine selection is poor. The service was good, but I wouldn't come here for food or wine. If you just want to have a cocktail and sit outside, then it's fine. If you're into sports, there are several screens to watch sports on.Excellent. Food was superb.  Service was great. Atmosphere and ambiance friendly.   Waitress very nice and patient.We have been here a few times before for various events (they are wonderful for renting out the indoor space for parties), but we finally made it fir their famous brunch yesterday and we're not disappointed!
The vibe is fun and casual. I will say I'm glad we sat indoors because even with the shade and misters, it was pretty toasty outside.
Drinks are always awesome. We got some mimosas ($5 at brunch and good size), Bloody Mary (delicious, perfectly savory), and the frozen painkiller (very tasty-not overly sweet). 
For food we got the spinach dip (creamy cheesy goodness), cracklins (very yummy, not too crunchy, pretty hearty and almost meaty) and the biscuit bowl (wow, packed with breakfast complexity-egg, heaps of both pulled pork and sausage, buttery biscuit, crunchy hash brown-you must try!)
We will definitely be back, it's a go-to spot fit for just about any occasion.Thank you Tim!   It was pouring rain today and you held my hand as you walked me through the back area to get to my car so I wouldn't get soaked!!!