I swear I feeeeen for there shrimp pasta on fridays. Food is hot and fresh EVERYTIME, they never steer me wrong. I'm a neighborhood regular. No complaints!On my last day in New Orleans, I was craving one more Shrimp Po-Boy from Triangle Deli.  Located on Broad Street, at busy gas station, one thing is certain is Triangle, you will have delicious food and there will be a line.  Whether you are new to NO or a local, people know about Triangle.  I've been told by many people that the best food is often at Gasoline Stations or Corner Markets, they are not lying.  It's like having Grandma's delicious soul food at your local gasoline station. Triangle Deli, I miss you and your shrimp po-boys that made me want to dance with joy!!  The bread was soft and fresh and the golden fried shrimp perfectly spiced and battered.  Always, get your po-boy fully dressed here and don't forget to ask for your packet of hot sauce.  Behind the shop, there is a spot to get delicious snowball as well!
Thank you for giving me so many food memories, Triangle Deli.I had been hearing nothing but great things about this place. After walking out of another restaurant, I needed to find some good food. I rode around the city and ended up near triangle deli. I decided to go ahead and give it a try. I am so glad I did! The establishment was very clean and food is delicious! I got the stuffed pepper plate and it was so full! Stuffed Pepper, Mac n cheese, peas, and potato salad all for $8.99!!!! The food and the price was up my alley! They definitely have a new customer. They're part of the reason why it's hard to lose weight living in this city lol!Usually a quick, good, and cheap place for breakfast. Some of the servers in the kitchen have poor attitude and mess up prices almost regularly (from my experience). Other servers are more professional. haven't been for anything other than breakfast in a while, but I'd say this place is a hit or miss. For a guaranteed hit, just order a simple breakfast plate or don't ask for anything out of the ordinary.Food is amazing, always fresh and tasty. Real soul food with the right amount of seasoning!Hubby and I spent a week in NOLA for our 15 year wedding anniversary. We ran into a couple on Bourbon St who suggested this place. I always feel weird when announcing that the best gumbo I had in New Orleans was at a gas station! lol Nevertheless, it is true. Don't let the fact that they are located inside of a gas station make you miss out on this amazing food!! The price is right, service was friendly and portions were HUGE. We plan to go back every time we visit and recommend to all of our friends.I eat here at least once a week, this is a spot where you get more than your money worth of food. And great soul food !!!!!
The menu changes daily and the stuff bell peppers are awesome !!!!!Top 5 Spots In New Orleans !!! Before And After The Storm!! So Much Food On One Plate, Two People Can Eat Off It!! 7 WardRecommended by our uber driver. Lots of food options, but very terrible customer service. This is a place for the locals and tourists wouldn't know about it. So we expected great food. It's in a gas station and they have a huge selection, but the customer service makes the experience a terrible one. The food had potential, but was lacking in some areas. They do not have seating area so we had to eat in the car.This is a great cheat day lunch or dinner! Triangle Deli relocated after Katrina and they finally returned! I remember back in the day I would get a fat stuffed pepper with green peas and potatoe salad. I went today and got the baked chicken, mac and cheese and green peas! Saying it was delicious is an understatement! They also had bbq ribs, red beans and pasta. The plates are always with nice sized portions and reasonably priced. My plate was about 9 bucks which is a bit more than your local cafeteria like picadilly but triangle provides much more satisfaction.I grew up hearing about this place before Katrina and since it has been re-opened most of its business has returned. This is the ultimate in cheap eats in NOLA. 7th ward locals have been eating at Triangle for decades and you can tell by how the food is prepared there are locals in the kitchen fixing the food. The hot plate specials all under $10 are fantastic and filling. This is New Orleans comfort food at its best. Dont look for frills here this is home cooking like most real New Orleanians eat. The daily specials reads like a playbook of how people eat here. They give you great local food and plenty of it for a great price. Tourists stay away. The only thing that keeps it from 5 stars is poor service but then again its still a gas station.If you can get past the horrible service, the food is okay. Not outstanding, just okay. Prices are very reasonable and the quantity of food for the money is actually a pretty good deal. I used to be a regular but I won't go back after being fed up with the downright rude and uncaring service. If you have other options, take them over this.If you live in the area, its a great place to get a po-boy with generous portions of fish and shrimp.  Everytime my mom visits me from out of state, we end up here to satisfy her po' boy cravings.  I've even sent people from out of town here when they ask me for a local spot to grab a po'boy from. Its definitely a place I eat regularly when its time to get a po-boy.The food is amazing. This place gives great quality as well as quantity for such a cheap price. I'd like to see this place break away from the gas station location and into a real dining area.I went to Triangle Deli for lunch and purchased 2 bell pepper plates with macaroni and cheese and potato salad. The macaroni and potato salad had a sour taste. I called to let them know to please discard the rest of the macaroni since it was bad. I was offered another scoop of macaroni. This is my last time going to Triangle it was a waste of $20.The plates are sooooooo good and tasty lord!!! Not to expensiveat all . This is only a take out. Enjoy your meal they are back finally!!!Poor service and average soul food at Triangle cafe. Set up is innovative tucked in the back of a gas station. If you are looking for quality though, this is not your place.I've never been so excited about living down the street from a gas station! When you're a girl getting over this weekends decisions and just want something quick to fill you up but you don't want to wait long or put a bra on, this is the place! I jumped out of my car on a Sunday, ran in, immediately ordered, and was given my food and out the door in 5 minutes. I got the hot food plate, so everything was already prepared. Turkey in gravy with rice and mac and cheese. Yum...yumm....yummmmmmm. It's just wholesome southern food that you got at a gas station that makes all your dreams come true. If you don't get the mac and cheese, you're missing out.This place is always busy but I never ever have to wait in line longer than 1 minute and I LOVE it. The gas prices are always lower than other gas stations in the area and I never have to wait for a fuel pump. I haven't tried their food yet but based on the reviews I will do so the next time I'm in the area.I've never been happier waiting for a pile of mac & cheese. The wait is long cause it smells so mouth wateringI've never been so excited about living down the street from a gas station! When you're a girl getting over this weekends decisions and just want something quick to fill you up but you don't want to wait long or put a bra on, this is the place! I jumped out of my car on a Sunday, ran in, immediately ordered, and was given my food and out the door in 5 minutes. I got the hot food plate, so everything was already prepared. Turkey in gravy with rice and mac and cheese. Yum...yumm....yummmmmmm. It's just wholesome southern food that you got at a gas station that makes all your dreams come true. If you don't get the mac and cheese, you're missing out.I am soooo in love with this damn hot plate joint!! Honestly you definitely get your money worth and I mean every penny!! Every time I order food from this place I am extremely happy, satisfied, and fulfilled. Like, For example, one plate might cost you about $7 to about 9.00 dollars depending on what you order. I enjoy the food. My fave is the ribs and corn and mac n cheese. I also love the mash potatoes with Salisbury steak plate as well. I also love their cheesy shrimp pasta!! ****************************PARKING IS PAINFUL HERE***************************************************!!! i am trying to warn you all! Beware!!! Parking is so terrible that you are either blocking someone in or cutting someone off. Parking is terrible and I think they also have gas here as well. So much going on at this gas station/food center/corner store/ whatever else. This is so bizarre this place is though. I stopped here about 1 somehting in the morning looking for anti freeze car coolant and I was able to get it and an Arizona ice tea. I love this place ! Has all my needs!!!I didn't think I could find such good food at a gas station! It was close to where we were staying and the food looked great so we decided to try it out. I had a shrimp po boy and the Mac and cheese. The Mac and cheese was great, almost like my grandma had made it! My Po boy was loaded with shrimp, I could only eat half of it at once. When I come back to the NO I will definitely have to go back because there were many other dishes I wanted to try. Also the staff were very friendly!I didn't get a chance to take pictures of my hot sausage sandwich and fries because I ate it in record time! But this place is a gem. Don't let the fact that it's a gas station fool you. There's an entire kitchen with great home cook food inside. I'm still kicking myself for not trying the gumbo but my hot sausage sandwich was amazing . Made hot and fresh to order every time. My visits home to New Orleans always include a stop here. Next time I'm getting the gumbo!First time trying this and I grew up here .....pretty good for the price. It was like $4.99 for a 8 piece combo with fries. That's pretty good...lol...especially if you broke and hungry. I wanted to take a pic.. but I ate it so fast...lol.. The menu is very affordable, and you get a lot of options for sides if you don't want fries. I will return!!My California soul sings every time I grace Nola and get to dig into some food from Triangle Deli. Is the the best fanciest food in the world? Absolutely not, is it delicious home cooked goodness that's accesible when you don't want to spend and arm and a leg on food? YES. The shrimp po boy is delicious, sure you can get a fancier one elsewhere but for $6 this does the trick, especially seeing as I can grab gas and a beer at the same location. If you want fancy-don't come here. If you want a hearty menu of rotating deliciousness, than this is the place for you! My California comrades would keep over at the amount of food you can get here for $44
Thank me later.Why did I let my co worker talk me into coming here? Look. You can come here and get a ton of food for the low. However, it's just not healthy. Not one bit. I had the 8 piece chicken wings, corn, mac and cheese and their version of a "salad". Which included some iceberg lettuce, a sliced tomato and two pickles. Yes. Pickles. Go figure. So I was shocked at all the food like omg that's amazing for 5.99. 
Man oh man. Those chicken wings taste like they were cooked in old grease and the corn came straight out some off brand can. 
Anyways, I felt horrible after I ate half. I wanted to smack myself lol. And I felt like I needed to detox or do a cleanse.Huge portions, little price; shrimp and grits breakfast plate is delicious. This place don't look like much on the outside but don't be fooled the food is great. In town for Essence Fest and I'm mad that we didn't stop by sooner. Had breakfast and dinner two days in a row. The shrimp po boy was amazing. Next time we in NOLA will definitely be back!The food and prices and INCREDIBLE! We found out about this place because our AirBnB is down the street from a Walgreen's, and the cashier told us we wouldn't be disappointed. She was right! This place is a gas station, phone store, convenience store, soul food restaurant, and liquor store. I was hesitant at first, but when we came in, they were cleaning as business was booming, which eased my nerves. We went on a Friday and got the barbecue ribs plate with Mac & cheese, peas, and potato salad. The ribs were juicy, tender, and the sauce was great. The Mac & cheese was perfectly seasoned and cheesy. I couldn't even eat the entire meal because they pile each item into your tray. You get waaaay more than what you pay for. We also bought a catfish plate with shrimp pasta, peas, and corn. We bought a roast beef po' boy to try, and we could only eat a small piece of it because we were full, but all the ingredients on the po' boy blended well, and they put a ton of meat on it! We spent less than $30, even after taxes, and we still have food that can last us the next 3 days.Can't say enough good things about the food and prices at Triangle! Even with what appears to be new Ownership the food is still amazing and everyone I introduce to Triangle during visits home, they always want to come back again before the end of their trip. I now have a new favorite after trying the catfish ordered by my friend, it was crispy and well seasoned. Pairing anything with the baked Macaroni and cheese is always a "Win Win"!Never disappointed! Every time I'm home I get the exact same meal. Stuffed bell pepper is a MUST to try. Very meaty. And they have it all times of year other than thanksgiving lol. Now I won't be having the potato salad again. Seems the texture has changed. It's more of a mashed potato with too much relish. No bueno. But all in all everything else never disappointsThe line cooks were so disrespectful, I understand y'all were about to close within an hour but that does not give you all the right to have an attitude with the customers that ask questions. I was with a group of people that had never been there before so they had several questions even though I gave them a few suggestions prior to our arrival. The line cooks rolled their eyes and rolled their necks as they answered my friends questions nonchalantly.Back in the day (pre-Hurricane Katrina, cause you know we always compare stuff before and after the storm), Triangle Deli was everything.  It was definitely in my top 5 of where to get quick, delicious food.  You get so much food on one plate and it's always enough to get your money's worth.  
Most recently, we visited and ordered a baked chicken plate for the children. Both my niece and nephew ate off of the same plate.  My mother and I got the fried catfish and fried catfish and shrimp plate.  My sister got a rib plate.  Now, let me break down how everyone's food tasted.  
The fish and shrimp is always good!  I mean, the way they fry fish down South is the best.  For sides, we got green peas, mac n cheese and potato salad.  The green peas didn't have any flavor.  It was like they just heated some canned peas with just a little bit of butter.  Even the children didn't like them.  The potato salad was just okay.  The best was the mac n cheese.  I ate all of mine.  But who doesn't like creamy, cheesy pasta?!  Yummy!!  My sister couldn't finish her ribs, not because she was full but because they were overcooked.  What a shame!  If I hadn't stopped eating beef over 2 years ago, I would've gotten the stuffed peppers. They were always the best on the menu.  
If you have never been and are in the area, give Triangle Deli a try.It's a gas station and I'm giving it five stars!! 
The Mac and cheese amazing
The stuff bell peppers are the best I've had in New Orleans that were home made! 
My other favorite there is the corn. Yes yellow corn giblets. I don't know what the do to it but I can't get enough of it. 
The ribs and yummy too! I haven't had a poboy yet but I see people ordering them. 
On Sunday's occasionally a second line parade pass this location. Get your fifths of booze enjoy the parade and when it's done get a plate to take home! You'll be the happiest lush on earth.I have only gotten food from here on uber eats but I was pleasantly surprised with this place. The food taste great and home-cooked. The portions of sides are very generous. Only disappointment was that the chicken plate dinner only came with a small piece of chicken. 
Prices are very reasonable. I will suggest that they update their sides list on their uber eats page, just as a friendly reminder. :)No mas. I saw their food on twitter years ago and it looked so good, tracked it down while I was in NOLA. Their parking is HORRIBLE. It's in a gas station, and that's not a problem gas station food can be fire, but this wasn't fire. My shrimp had Viena in them still, very visible. For those who still eat there, it's best that you know what you want, it's very loud and fast paced. And they have a variety of southern cuisine, but my experience wasn't great in any way unfortunately.Disgusting! Nice and clean business but the food isn't its finest. Mac and cheese wasn't cheesy at all. Just pasta. The cheese on top was inedible because it was hard. The corn was very tasty. The fish was cooked well but tasted like shrimp or something. Maybe the greaseThe best in the city hands-down Go see for yourself  White beans and fried fish and Shrimp potato salad let's get itThis is hands down the best soul food and good home cooking in the city. The 7th Ward is blest to have this place. And the food is priced right. Try the stewed turkey or chicken. The 6 inch oyster is more than worth it., and the shrimp poboy is made from a master plan.Love the food quality, price, and variety. We make a stop here every time we're in New Orleans.Whenever I come home to Nola, I stop here on a Sunday to get turkey necks, mac, and corn !! The food here is sooo good!Rib plate with double potato salad and Mac and Cheese for $10 bucks. Food was good and I made two meals from this. So I'm happy.Great food daily very fast in service and very clean enjoy coming here daily for lunchShrimp and fish plate poppnnnnn.... love the turkey necks and gravy too I'm never disappointedMy California soul sings every time I grace Nola and get to dig into some food from Triangle Deli. Is the the best fanciest food in the world? Absolutely not, is it delicious home cooked goodness that's accesible when you don't want to spend and arm and a leg on food? YES. The shrimp po boy is delicious, sure you can get a fancier one elsewhere but for $6 this does the trick, especially seeing as I can grab gas and a beer at the same location. If you want fancy-don't come here. If you want a hearty menu of rotating deliciousness, than this is the place for you! My California comrades would keep over at the amount of food you can get here 
Thank me later.This is a cool little hole in the wall. I had no idea it was there until this morning . You cannot beat Bacon, Eggs and Grits for $2.99. Liver plate for my Mom $3.99. As far as price goes its a steal. Food was good but the parking is BOO BOO to say the least . you pull into a parking space and someone parks behind you, not leaving enough room to back out. If i had been in my Suburban this morning I might have swapped paint and kept going . Just kidding (or am I). The challenge is that when one person does it you have to know the next person coming through has got to do it too. Il be back if im in the area but I think I'll park on the street.Always reliably good food and flavorful service too. The fried seafood , the stuffed peppers , the baked mac ... it's all delicious!Holy heck this food is amazing. The best place to grab good to bring home. Specials every day and plenty of other food they have week-long. The plates are MASSIVE and are so cheap. The ladies working are very nice and are actually shocked when you tell them "that's enough". Located in a gas station is great because you can pick up drinks on your way out.Love LOVE Love this place the only thing I'd the MAC n cheese isn't as cheesy as before still good thoughThe locals suggested this place for some good authentic food! I ordered chicken, Mac & cheese, rice with gravy,& corn. The chicken was made fresh to order & the portions were a nice size especially for the price. The mac and cheese was cheesy but just didn't have enough seasoning. I would go back but I wouldn't get the Mac & cheese again!I used to always come here for lunch, maybe about 2 years ago before i moved to texas. I just got 3 plates from there today because i was visiting. Now today is the first time I've been back since then. I got a pepper plate, shrimp plate and a chicken plate. The pepper and the chicken weren't too bad, but they could have been better. The shrimp size decreased and the sides such as mac and cheese was too salty, the peas has no taste like it came straight out the can with no added seasoning, and the corn is the same way. Omg I have been dying to come here & i am highly disappointed. I do not want to deteriorate anyone from coming here but i just want the owners and the cooks to step their game up because i know how the original food used to taste. I would get 2 plates for myself every time and i would get extra pieces of chicken or peppers. Please fix the food to the old style cooking. I look forward to coming back and eating the old original soul food taste. I would spend atleast $50 on myself for hot food. So i know their potential, but today was not it. Again i just want to get the attention of the owner to critique the food a bit more to a more flavorful and desired taste.This is the place that locals go for that real soul food experience. It's cafeteria style, and there's always a long line. You get so much food for a great value! My favorite day to go is Sunday because they have yams, and that's my go-to along with the Mac and cheese and fried chicken. A nice little spot to satisfy that Thanksgiving food craving all year around.Always delicious.  Huge portions and great prices! The best home cooking in New Orleans hands down!!!!!One of the best places in the city for the cheapest price. The fried or grilled shrimp plate is LOADED with shrimp! Mac and cheese is worth the wait and the biggest stuffed peppers in the city!Woo wee! I love some Triangle...its lovated in the 7th ward neighborhood of Nola. Its in a convience store...that is bubbling full of colorful residents and great cooks. THIS is what folks mean "hole in the wall" kinda spot that is in "the cut"...away from the toursity hustle and bustle of the quarter. 
While I sat patiently by the cold sodas, I chatted with a local woman who was a joy. We were the first in line for the lunch menu. Now don't get me wrong...that breakfast lineup looks GREAT, but I had my mind and mouth set for some of that gumbo they are known for.
Around 11:45am, I wasn't disappointed--they previously pulled the breakfast line up and replaced it with a whole mess of goodness!! gumbo, stuffed peppers, fried chicken, baked chicken, mac n cheese, greens etc....LAWD!
I was 2nd in line...the line had gathered to almost the front door! "Gumbo please!" I requested...and I greedily watched them dip that laddle into that roux-ed up silky brown seafood, chicken neck (yes...but um um um!), sausage, crab delight! #EatBeyondTheQuarterI can't believe I only found out about this place recently! When I asked one of the workers how long this place existed, she answered, "Forever!" I am usually around this area, so I managed to grab lunch from here 3 times already. Their menu is quite large, but the daily specials have always caught my eyes. I have had their Lasagna, Shrimp Pasta, Stuffed Pepper, Crawfish Etouffee, Potato Salad, and Baked Macaroni so far. 
Triangle Deli looks like a small corner kitchen outside of a small gas station, but it's actually a part of it. There are some parking spots in the parking lot, but plenty of street parking nearby. It's your usual gas station when you walk in, but you can see the food counters in the back. When you walk in, you'll see a bunch of people lined up for their delicious soul food! During my visits I planned to get a daily hot food plate, but I quickly changed my mind when I saw their daily special options.
There are a bunch of workers ready to serve you, so the wait times are never too long. If there's a wait, then it's usually because they're bringing out more food! Whenever they would get food for the take out box, I would think they would stop at one scoop like other places; but they literally keep scooping the food until it is TOPPED OFF. The prices are already affordable, but this really makes your meal a bang for its buck! My lunch has now become my lunch AND my dinner. They are really trying to feed you here! 
The daily specials I've gotten were all pretty good, with my favorite being the Crawfish Etouffee on Fridays! I'm so used to restaurants charging more than 5 bucks for a small bowl of mediocre crawfish etouffee. I ordered the large portion and they filled that box up! It had good flavor with a slight cajun kick. The ratio of crawfish etouffee to rice was good, they're not trying to rip you off with too much rice. I am supposed to always change it up, but I always choose potato salad and baked macaroni (+$1) as my sides. The baked macaroni is always a great side, but the potato salad can sometimes be a bit salty. The potato salad tasted a little different at each visit. I really enjoyed the stuffed pepper, it was cooked nicely and real stuffed up!
All in all, a great lunch spot to grab a quick meal. It is actual hole-in-the-wall kitchen with good soul food! The gas station is fully stocked, so you can grab a bunch of drinks and snacks while you are on your lunch break. Be sure to come with an empty stomach!Triangle Deli was a recommendation from the front desk staff at our hotel. 
Triangle Deli specializes in lunch plates. They have a large kitchen that cooks Cajun and soul food. They also sell liquor, beer and fuel. 
We were very overwhelmed when we first got there and allowed several regulars to order before us. 
We got a load of items to take back to our hotel and share. Some of the favs of the order were the mac and cheese, corn, and stuffed bell pepper. 
The portion were amazing and the prices were great. 
Triangle Deli
1904 N Broad St
New Orleans, LA 70119
(Review 643 overall, 187  in 2021)Triangle Deli is my absolute favorite place to stop by for a delicious, filling meal! 
I love to order their BBQ Ribs plate with Macaroni & Cheese and double Potato Salad. The ribs were flavorful, the mac was cheesy and the potato salad was tasty! 
I also came here on a different day for the Turkey Wings special. The meat was seasoned and cooked to perfection! 
Triangle Deli's food never disappoints.My dad eats here every Saturday. He loved the shrimp  poboys and the gumbo.  I ain't gonna lie it was my first time having gumbo with oxtails and gizzards. The base of this gumbo is good and the shrimp poboys are the best I've had so far on the city. 
Now o tried the roast beef and didn't like it at all. Won't be getting that again. On Mondays the beans and rice are slamming. Home cooked and satisfying.BEST PLATE LUNCHES IN THE CITY HANDS DOWN!! You walk in you feel the love and smell the joy.  
Remembering my meal sends shivers down my spine! Triangle deli will NOT do you wrong. EVERYTHING here is gooodT! 
Situated off of st.bernard and n. Board this peace of  joy sits on its own lot, so there is parking. But it is ALWAYS packed and for GOOD reason!! 
Their greens, their meats, everything that has been stuffed, stewed, smothered is just so satisfying to the taste buds!!
What i got? Their stuffed bell pepper and Mac n cheese... AND CHEEZUS it was so good!! The stuffed bell pepper very juicy, flavorful and tender! Stuffed with shrimps ,ground meat ,and bread crumbs on top my gosh so good 
Now that Mac n cheese, I want to thank whomever for putting  their foot in it bcos there are no words to describe how happy it made me feel!
10/10 always coming here for a plate lunchSometimes service can be undesirable, need shrimp in there meatloaf wrap it in bacon much better favor.