Y'all this place is the fucking shit. Are you a carnivore? You'll love it! Are you a vegan? You'll love it! This place makes their vegan food taste better than anywhere else. I've never been disappointed with this place, I highly recommend every sandwich, every sauce. Their vegan dessert.... is insane. 100000/10Went here for the first time tonight. They have a nice balance of vegan and non vegan foods. The vegan buffalo chicken dish was awesome. Also had the vegan ice cream cinnamon roll thing. Tbh the cinnamon role was dry but the ice cream was 10/10. I would definitely visit again! Highly recommend for vegan food.I got the vegan philly. It was real good. Bread was perfect, peppers and onions were nice. It could have used some jalepeno but thats just my personal taste. The seitan was good*I'm updating my review because service/quality is inconsistent. 
Amazing cheesesteak with provolone! So much meat on my sandwich, perfectly cut steak! I had the pickle fries and I recommend them too!First time here.  I ordered the regular Philly Cheesesteak and cheese fries.  The sandwich was great on very fresh bread.
The fries were fresh cut, not frozen.  The place is pretty spartan, but that's ok.  I'm there for the food.  I recommend it.These cheesesteaks are amazing!!!  Regular is incredibly tasty, but I like to add jalapenos and mushrooms anyways.  The buffalo chicken is even pretty good.  And they have Peace Tea!This place slaps. Vegan buffalo chicken cheesesteak was the way to go and I was very happy with it. Went in with a group of friends And I will be back. Looks like they also cater to the bar next door through a window.This was really good, my boyfriend and I just went there for lunch today on the spur of the moment lunch date after hitting up the gym and it was amazing. That Philly cheesesteaks are huge and the fries sizes are huge as well. We ended up ordering and eating in the bar next-door and playing pool because it's connected right to the bar so you can either go in on the restaurant side or on the bar side and it was really really good. We definitely found a new local hang out spot.Pretty excited to find this place with vegan options including FRIED PICKLES!!! Yum!    We got takeout and it didn't take too long to get the food, and it kept well until we got home.  I had the vegan sandwich and it was pretty good! My dad had the non vegan one and said he really like his.  The ambiance could use a little love but happy with the food for sure.I was sooo excited to check out this place! I've seen it all over my Facebook via New Orleans Vegans and even on Now This!
So here's my review
1) when I first walked in I was a bit shocked - it was nothing like I expected. Trilly Cheesesteaks isn't a a restaurant where you sit and have a waiter come to you, rather you order up front. I stood up waiting at least 7 minutes before I got my order in :(. After I placed my order I sat down and it was kinda warm/humid (they had window AC units so I understood that)
2) the restaurant looked kinda plain and empty, def recommend having more decorations/painting or different color tables and chairs. It felt so prison themed ! The menu and radio hangin on the Wall was def cute!
3) I waited maybe 10 minutes for the food. I got the vegan pickle cut fries and vegan buffalo chik'n. I thought I would enjoy it but LET ME JUST SAY it was all HEAVY!!! I felt like the vegan buffalo chik'n was soo loaded that I couldn't see what I was touching or eating. It was sooo full of flavor that it tasted salty that I ate less than half of it.  I'm assuming it's because I normally eating whole fruits/veggies and maybe I wasn't used to it? The pickle fries were just too much. Too SAAALTY!! I packed both of them home and I ended up enjoying the buffalo sandwich cold! I feel bad I tossed the pickles but they were just tooo salty and soggy :(
I can't wait too come back and try the other four vegan Phillies. Maybe next time I'll just ask for the sauces on the side idk lolThis is my new favorite place to get vegan food! If you've been out drinking, or just in the mood for something substantial, their big proportions + super flavorful cheesesteaks are the way to go. I've literally eaten here three days in a row, their vegan options are impressive and so authentic tasting that I was questioning wether it was vegan at first. Their seitan is remarkable! I've had their Original Philly, their Far East, and their Buffalo Chicken, each of them are something else. Their location is great, inside looks like a great hole-in-the-wall order-at-the-window kind of place. Another tell tail sign that it's good in my experience. Can't say enough good things, go try it out.We didn't even make it to the food.We watched the owner walk out of the kitchen touch the door to the kitchen open the door to outside open his car door all with the glove on his hand he was cooking with.He walked right back in the kitchen and started cooking.Omg! How nastyyyy.Hey skippy what is the glove for?Gwt off the cash ans spring for another 10 cent glovemeh.. i wanted to love this place. tried the vegan bbq and vegan buffalo options, as well as the pickle fries. i loved that they offered a vegan option for their entire menu, i always just think it's crazy when the vegan option costs more than meat. it wasn't bad, just pricey for what you get.I love Trillys. I've had about 8 sandwiches from them over the last few months. They are always consistently so delicious. This is an amazing value. These guys provide excellent customer service. It's best to come early because they seem to remain busy. However even when busy the wait time is not bad at all. 
Great for all ages.Love finding new vegan options to try. The ice cream was really coconutty. Not really my thing. The sandwiches are awesome.Being from philly we had to try this place, my husband is a big meat eater and I'm a vegan. It's awesome to have a place like this where everything they make with meat they can also make vegan. My husband said the cheese steaks were great very much like the ones from Philly and I really enjoyed my vegan one. When we pulled up I got a little worried as it definitely isn't the nicest looking place But the food was definitely worth it! Give it a try you won't be disappointed.This is amazing vegan grub.  You want a hot spicy yummy -this is it.  So so goood. As a vegan it can be hard to get the flavor of an area but Trilly has done it.    And not just one vegan option but many different types of phillys"chickn" "steak" buffalo sauce or original. Plus bar next store
Get the pickle fries with vegan ranchI love how they have the vegan options clearly labeled, so you don't have to ask any of "those questions" when ordering! I got the vegan Philly cheesesteak and vegan cheese fries and I'm still dreaming about the fries! Best vegan cheese sauce ever. The Philly was wonderful too and I ended up taking half of it to go. Will definitely be back on my next trip to New Orleans. I wanna try their specialty vegan dessert next time as well.Best kept secret! Ate here yesterday for lunch and was AMAZED!! I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak, added: Mushrooms & Bacon. Everything was prepared to order and came to the table PIPING HOT  I was VERY PLEASED and only disappointed that I didn't find out about them sooner. The atmosphere is very casual/laid back like everything in Nola is. 8 tables, self serve condiments and comp water. If you are a Cheesesteak lover this place is a must!!Came here after a recommendation from a friend. It's so good and I like the fact they have the regular menu and the vegan menu. My husband and I had the vegan Far East and chicken philly. He actually enjoyed mine than the vegan chicken philly. The place had a boom box which made us feel old but classic. Recommend for locals and visitorsAwe cheesesteaks, lot of meat and not a lot of bread great spot if you have the hankering for a cheesesteak. They even have vegan ones if that's how you roll
The meat was juicy and prob one of better cheesesteaks I've had. Definitely gonna go back and try some of the other ones they have thereVegan here... always looking for good vegan places in New Orleans. This one is one of those good places! Tried the Philly cheesesteak/vegan style and it was wonderful!PLEASE EAT HERE!! Omg!!! Words are not enough to describe how wonderful this food is!!! They have the best philly and vegan philly my best friend and I have ever had in life! Don't get me started on their "trill sauce" they serve with the fries!! I will put that sauce on EVERYTHING! Will definitely eat here every time I come to New Orleans!The CheeseSteak was really good but the Lemon Raspberry cheesecake was an absolute rip off...$5.95 2"x2"x1/2" thk, shoulda been $1.95Mom and I came here for dinner last night....Hmm first thoughts were should we try it...Looks a little dumpy...sorry, but true..Not the cleanliness either.  Okay service...No cup of ice or straws were available...I thought that was odd.  Probably next time order it to go.  Very warm in there as well.  The philly cheesesteak was fresh and very hot.  Meat was dynamite tender perfectly cooked with onions and peppers.  We also got an order of fried, but those went to waste since the philly was 9 inches.  Too large for us.  Toum which is their signature dip came with the fries.  i am a big dipper.  Big lover of ranch, but was not a fan of this sauce.Trilly is by far the best cheesesteak in the south. I highly recommend the Far East. Mind blowing flavor in there. I've been here for about 5 years from Philly and this blows everyone else out of the water. Trilly da best. Get yinz some!I've been wanting to try Trilly Cheesesteaks since I moved here!  On New Year's Eve, they were open and I knew this was when I should go!  I've been pescatarian/vegetarian for 8 years, so I am always excited to try new vegan/vegetarian options!  After much consideration, I went with the buffalo chicken vegan version!  The sandwich is huge!  Easily shareable, especially if you're getting fries!  I ended up taking half of it home (& it was just as good reheated)!  The buffalo "chicken" was a little too much for me (just a little too much meat substitute but you definitely are getting your moneys worth), but I can't wait to try the vegan regular Philly cheesesteak!So good! Very simple space next door to BankS Street Bar. I had the Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak and it was killer. Actually tasted like beef for some reason. My fiancé had the traditional cheesesteak and it was perfect. Fresh cut fries were great as well!I like what they're trying to do but the meat substitute isn't great. The vegan cheese on the fries is really strange and not like any of the vegan cheeses I've tried, I wouldn't recommend it. The bread on the vegan buffalo chicken sandwich was really fresh and the sauce was good. But the seitan was so bad and none of us finished our food. I was looking forward to this place and it's still worth a try, just a little disappointingThe vegan cheesecakes were entirely too salty. I couldn't even stomach eating it. I added ketchup in an attempt to mask the flavor, but even this didn't fix the issue. Have you ever had a dish so bad you were afraid to return it because if they offer a new one you just might be stuck with two, too salty, cheesecakes and not only one? I don't plan on ever going back to this restaurant. My partner and I ordered two of these and both were too salty. I really wasn't about to leave this review until I saw someone recommend it in a New Orleans vegan group. I season my food well. I'm not scared of salt, herbs and spices. Someone went too far on the salt though, and left a salty taste in my mouth.Ok listen....this joint is amazing!!!!! You walk in and you know this is the joint for you. They have a vegan version of every single item (or at least nearly) on their menu!!!! And from what I understand it's all house made. Ok as a vegetarian looking for her foodie joint in new orleans this place hit hit HITS the spot. I have NEVER craved a food like I crave a Trilly cheesesteak. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. And can we talk about the portions? Holy moly, go with a friend and a very...very empty belly. The other great thing is that the staff is just awesome just some laid back guys and gals who just know their stuff. They ask all the appropriate questions when it comes to dietary needs and it just makes your meal all the more delicious. I'm so hungry now from writing this post...s.o.bVegan BBQ Chicken sandwich was very delicious. I know we are going back to this hole-in-the-wall vegan restaurant. Tasted the Vegan Philly Cheesesteak and I thought I was eating a roast beef poboy.  I tried the house made blue cheese saucy with the fries. #DamnSoGood #SoTasty #WeGoingBackWell the food is solid but maaannn they are always such a-holes when I order over the phone. Always makes me think I'll never order again bc they're so rude buuuut it is convenient and good. Hoping this will be taken as constructive criticism bc this place is so close to being great.Really pleasantly surprised by Trilly. Called in an order at 11:50pm (10 mins before closing...sorry) and not only was it ready within about 8 minutes, it was also DELICIOUS. Split the original cheesesteak and buffalo chicken. Original cheesesteak was almost on par with ones I've had in Philly, and though the buffalo chicken tasted more like chicken + that garlicky sauce they put on gyros than buffalo sauce, it was delightful. I will most certainly be back.Had there vegan quesadilla.... which I just figured would have more than just vegan cheese and a substitute for chicken. My thing about eating vegan food is I try my best to eat enough vegetables as possible and also I like to incorporate beans into a lot of my meals as well. There were a tons of things they could have done to make that quesadilla better. Onions, corn, black beans, tomatoes etc. if your going to sell vegan food I would suggest stepping up your game and actually trying to make the food enjoyable as possible other wise you will have no returned customers.. there was nothing enjoyable about that quesadilla. The fries were alright though ‍Wow, I went here the other day and tried the cauli wings with Trilly sauce, the cheese fries, and the vegan chicken philly. All I can say is wow. The wings were great and tasted like fried chicken and the sauce was good, the cheese fries were interesting as the cheese was liquid, but the flavor was on point, thick, creamy and amazing! Loved it, but my absolute favorite was the vegan chicken philly with thinly sliced seitan chicken which was great, with grilled peppers and onions and some vegan cheese sauce, same sauce used on the fries, which gave the sandwich it's delicious heavy flavor! Prices are reasonable, it's usually not too busy during the day, and food is amazing! I love how the menu has a vegan and non vegan version of everything on it! Will be back! 10/10Everything from the crispy fries and the phillys are amazing. There is nothing pretentious about Trilly Cheesesteaks. It's a nice small place to get a delicious philly. I ordered the buffalo chicken and it was amazing. The bread was soft and the chicken, peppers, and the mushrooms were hot when the food arrived at the table.Good, timely service. Take out orders need to be called in. Delivery, I believe, is or will be through postmates and waitr. 
The garlic sauce that comes with the fries will kill a sparkly vampire. And that's a great thing. Their fries are crinkle cut and are cooked crispy and go amazing with the dipping sauce(better than a local chicken finger chain, sorry).
The sandwiches are served on Amoroso bread. Not sure if it's shipped from philly like another place down here does. But the sandwiches are great. I've had the steak and the chicken philly. Next time I might try the vegan philly. I love that they have vegan options.
The cheese, meat and veggies are mixed perfectly and not just piled on. Definitely recommend if you're looking for some comfort food. It's a good alternative to the standard po boy.Super good!  We are new vegans and thought we would have a hard time traveling but, restaurants like Trilly's make it fun and easy to find good food!  Thank you for a great meal!I really want to like Trilly's, mainly because they were *really good my first few times eating there. Good prices and really good portions in the beginning. I began to tell people and I have brought several of my friends and associates out to try them. Over time the prices went up, and I understand that measure. However, as the prices went up I noticed the portions were going in the other direction. I mean not just down to par, but often times my food was right below sub par.  To the point that I would have taken it back if I didn't live as far.
Please note: I am one to give spots that I like the benefit of the doubt and tend to take a very long time to get to the point that I'm ready to call it quits. However, the disappointment after deciding to discuss my issue (before ordering) in an attempt to inform the staff and ensure that I'd get a decent meal left me reserved to leave without ordering and write this review. 
During the attempt to inform the clerk he seemed put off immediately (granted it could just be my perception) and began to defend the way that the sandwiches are made the same way by everyone. I explained that there were a few times where the meat was chopped way too much along with my mushrooms and jalapeños...maybe even the cheese. He then doubled back and said that some cooks do that. It was like he was telling me "it is what it is, and you get what you get...deal with it" right after saying there was a standard way of doing things. He proceeded to turn and get the ticket book to take my order. No resolve and no real desire to deal with me professionally. I lost the taste for the business in that moment and  left to hunt for an alternative. MidCity Pizza saved the day.If you are looking for an authentic Philly cheesesteak, Trilly is your jam! They are a pop up and end up at various bars around town. 
I caught them tonight at Courtyard Brewery- it's an order at the table pop up and they do take credit cards. I ordered a basic cheesesteak with cheese wiz and it was huge! $7 and I was really full after eating half (yes, I ate the other half anyway). 
They do have some more unique cheesesteaks (Far East) and Vegan cheese"steaks" too. It's a great deal and a good excuse to grab a beer!Omg I was So impressed  ,The vegan PhillySteak was amazing along with the Cauliflower. Great customer service and comfortable atmosphere.The new best hot food spot on Banks!! Get the delicious hand cut fries and they even have many vegan options! The menu is also eye appealing with its hand painted lettering ;kudos to the talented artist! My personal favorite is the Far East with its sweet ginger steak, cream cheese and fried pickle red onions. & lastly, all of the staff @Trilly are very friendly and helpful people! This place is truly a blessing to be able to walk half a block and get some bomb food and maybe a beer next door at good ol Banks Street Bar!I am drooling just writing this review. Having every option available as vegan as well as meaty is incredible to me. I've tried the BBQ and Buffalo and can't say a single bad thing or recommend them any higher. I am dying to try the Far East, and I reckon I'll be doing that...oh if not tonight, sometime this week. My omnivore friends have enjoyed their BBQ, Buffalo, and Original cheesesteaks as well (but who cares, cos...vegan). 
The pickle fries are legit (but eat them all as they don't keep). They have vegan ranch and mayo if you request it and they have vegan dessert which is delectable. Bring your meat-eating friends here so no one has to compromise on their meal. Their service is fast and friendly, and the sandwiches are large so either they're two meals or one very big meal. Either way works for me. And they're cheap for big portions, unpretentious, and accommodating. Want a drink? Head to the bar next door, grab yourself a drink, and wait for your order to be called. What else does one need?update: went a second time and food was wayyy better, the vegan options weren't as skimpy and the vegan poutine was a treat not found on other menus round the cityI live in the neighborhood and I've got a friend with an overactive thyroid condition. He comes over and gets trilly with me frequently. His girlfriend has made a "no trilly after 7pm rule" because of the speed at which it rolls through his digestive tract. Doesn't stop him from downing a cheesesteak and large fry w 3 trilly sauces at 9 pm. This place good for the soul and good for digestive health.Came across them at Courtyard Brewery over the weekend and was so glad to see vegan options. I ordered two of the vegan cheesesteaks. The wait was quite long (about 25 minutes) but they were busy. I would say it was worth it! We absolutely loved the cheesesteaks. My husband loves a good one and has missed them since we've been eating vegan. Definitely impressed and will miss them in Houston.Very much a hole in the wall.  But not a hole I would visit again.  We had a cheesesteak & cheese fries.  This restaurant gets a 3 star from the cheesesteak, it was decent just not amazing.  The cheese fries very interesting flavor. Should of guessed a place that does cheesesteaks and vegan options would not be amazing.I enjoyed my philly cheese steak and regular fries,everything was really fresh good,I'll certainly order again soonThis place is truly a gem! It's so hard to find a place that has great vegan, vegetarian, and meat lovers options! I stumbled upon this place by chance just looking for someplace to eat in Mid-city(New Orleans) "after dark". They are open until midnight! As soon as I walked in I knew EXACTLY what I wanted. Everything on the menu can be made into a vegan option; it was incredible! I ordered the Vegan Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak, and I am so glad I did! It was made with seitan, a delicious buffalo sauce, a vegan cheddar sauce, a vegan bleu cheese sauce, and of course, the traditional Cheesesteak toppings! It was delicious! This delicacy was only $11! I ate half and had to take a break! (I finished it all though!) The bread was so soft & the seitan was perfectly flavored! If you live in Mid-city it's worth a stop in, and if you don't it still is!Cheesesteak was delicious and the price was right. Well stuffed but didn't fall apart. Counter dudes were chill too. Will definitely be back, nevermind the fact that I live much closer to liberty.It was amazing! I love that they have vegan options! It's great when you've been having a few drinks and work up an appetite!Good! Don't let the outward appearance of the establishment fool you. The inside of the restaurant is well kept. There is a wait once you order but it is most certainly worth it, the food is hot and fresh. I tried the fried pickles and fries. The trill sauce and vegan ranch are both house-made and taste good. I'll be back next time I want a Philly cheesesteak.I came here at 9:30pm and ordered 2 Philly cheesesteaks and 2 small fries. An order I thought was simple! Before I ordered I had to wait while he brought food out to everyone who was sitting in the restaurant. Okay cool no biggie. So everybody already had food so I didn't think it would take very long. At 10:10pm I was STILL waiting! I went back and forth about whether or not to go ask how much longer it would be. I decided to and the guy says "oh, I'm checking into it for you." So i go sit again annoyed. 5 minutes later he comes out and says they forgot to drop your fries so it'll be 2 more minutes. I say okay but inside I'm thinking that if I never went up there they would've just forgotten about me? Fast forward, I taste the sandwich I waited 45 minutes for and it tastes just like Charleys or Philly Dat. Which are both really good but those sandwiches take 5 minutes max! Disappointing.I know this place is fairly new, but my review does not discriminate on new or established businesses especially when it comes to their taste and service. 
Setting: As mentioned above, this place is fairly new as the building was once Mid City Pizza so they are in the process of remodeling the interior. There are about 5-6 tables inside that each seat 2-3 people each with 1 picnic table outside. There is a small table holding condiments and napkins. Other than that there is nothing else staged or placed around the interior. 
Service: You would just walk into the building and order from the small cutout in the wall. From time of order to actually receiving my order was about 25 minutes. Now granted - this wouldn't be as bothersome if it were a normal sit down restaurant, but these are essentially sandwiches. To make matters worse; during the waiting period to receive the food a total of 4 other individuals would go order and receive their entire order within (~5) minutes! Aside from ordering the normal Philly... I had already received my side (now appetizer) of pickle fries within 5 minutes of order. Had to go up to the window and ask on the status of my order and they assured me that 'it's on the way'. 
Food: The pickle fries are good because they don't have an overpowering dill flavor it and its batter remained intact and was well dressed onto the pickles. It would have been a great compliment to the Phillys if it weren't cold. The Philly was a bit disappointing as the portions of beef seem a bit stingy in contrast to initial observations as underneath the meat was more peppers and onions than the meat itself. The meat was fairly average and the onions/peppers was disappointing as it was bland, cold and soggy. The two didn't go well together as it was similar to have refrigerated onion and pepper microwaved placed underneath a freshly cooked beef. The main highlight of the Philly cheesesteak was the bread!Loved all the vegan options!
Came here because of their vegan sandwiches.  We ordered the Far East and the Buffalo sandwiches as well as the pickle fries.  The pickle fries were amazing and if you love pickles you have to come check this place out!  The vegan buffalo chicken sandwich was good and the bread was delicious.  I liked my far east vegan sandwich but the salt in it kicked my ass.  I couldn't even finish half of it.  I will come back and try other sandwiches and maybe over time the far east will get less salty.  Highly recommend the pickle fries!  Yum!Originally being from Philadelphia, I was suspect about having a true Philly Cheesesteak. Lots of attempts, but most fell terribly short, usually the bread was just off. Trilly's actually has the bread shipped from Philly, Amaroso's which makes a true cheesesteak. Not only the bread they actually have wiz!! Well done Trilly, well done!At the beginning of the pandemic, Trillys closed but then they opened up for takeout.  You can either call to place your order or order online; when I called they were quick to answer, and they said it would be ready at a certain time (sans thing when i ordered online).  In both, they ask you to call them when you show up outside and they will bring the food out to you.  I showed up a bit early, called to let them know i was outside, and the time they promised the food was delivered to my car
as usual - the food was good and the portions big. i got the vegan bbq chicken philly, vegan cheese fries, a regular philly and vegan fish and chips.  All the food items were tasty, large portion size and good flavors
overall a great meal and a great place to get vegan and regular philly cheesesteaksWhile the food is good, they lacked ownership and sympathy for a mistake that occurred with my order that I was charged extra for. Even after I sent them photographic evidence of said error. I'm extremely disappointed with the customer service I received today. I sincerely hope you get the error adjusted on the Waitr app, since that's where the blame was placed. I'm glad I could point out the discrepancy in order for you to fix it...which, I hope you do in order to prevent this sort of miscommunication in the future. A simple apology goes a long way. With that being said, sadly, I will no longer be purchasing food from this establishment.My daughter is vegetarian so I figured I would try the Veggie versions too. The Vegan Steak philly was pretty good, close enough that it msde me want the real deal. 
My daughter ordered the vegan chicken bbq and WOW! That was absolutely terrific. I will definitely be back to try that one. 
Service was quicker than what the online ordering projection was originally given and curbside pickup made it super easy!
Thanks guys!amazing. im from philly and this was better than one from there. get the jackfruit vegan cheesesteak and add jalapeño, banana peps, and mushroooooms. still real hot temp by the time i got it delivered, and the staff was super friendly both on the phone and upon dropoff. wish i took a pic so i could brag more.Being an immortal pissed off Goddess, temporarily stuck on planet Earth, sucks. But these pickle fries make up for some of the hell of betrayal. Long live Trilly! Vegan options rock.This place was amazing! The cashier was cool and the food was great! One of the best Philly steaks I've ever had, and they have vegan options that are great as well. Worth stopping here if you are in New Orleans.If you are looking for a delicious cheesesteak this is your place. If you aren't looking for it, you would walk right past it, but that would be a mistake. Healthy portion sizes, fresh cut fries, and great staff make this place one to visit. I will be back again soon!This place is perfect for vegans! one of the best Philly cheesesteak I've ever had, even better than the ones in Philadelphia!!! they were so tasty, so warm, so fresh I would recommend it to anybody!!!Holy cow! Not much to look at but who cares! The Vegan options are delish!! Love this placeVegan cheese steaks? Yes please! I've had the pleasure of eating at Trilly a few times and it has yet to disappoint me. It's usually difficult for a restaurant , that also serves meat, to impress me with their mock meat options but Trilly does just that. Their seitan is some of the best I've had and I've had it from all over the country! My three favorite menu items so far are the pickle fries, the vegan buffalo chicken and the vegan Philly (add mushrooms) the sandwiches are large, marinated in flavor and are a special treat in the land where the Po'Boy and Banh Mi reign supreme. The customer service is also great!  Good job , Trilly.The vegan food was disappointing but I give them credit for trying. I am willing to go back and try to meet versions and review my comments here if it's better!Plenty of vegan options and they are AMAZINGGGGGGG!!!! We had the vegan Philly and vegan far east with regular non vegan cheese. Make sure to add some extra topping for even more flavor. Cauliflower wings are also great but the buffalo sauce they come with is even better! A must go!!Chris is a seitan making god. Vegan cheesesteaks!! VEGAN cheesesteaks! Once more for the people in the back. Every item on the menu has both vegan and non vegan options. And its good. Not half-assed to shut the lonely vegan up in a corner. 
This place is great because it equally caters to all persons in your party. Equality matters. 
Pro tip add fried red onions on the vegan (or non-vegan) buffalo chicken for an exciting extra crunch in your mouth.I've been going here after i found out about it for maybe a year now, I'm from Nj and this spot is the closest thing to home! Everyone is always friendly and the food is great! Even though COVID is around they still manage to have great customer service and food!My first time trying trilly  was on a Wednesday , guess what I came back again on Sunday , because it was that good ... The Philly cheesesteak with provolone n some pickle chips with the garlic dip was the bombThis place is really good! Irally wanted to give it 4.5 stars but Yelp doesn't allow half stars.  We had the vegan cauliflower wings and vegan cheese fries to start. The vegan philly was tasty. I really liked the vegan far east too. My favorite were the vegan cheese fries! You can go next door for dranks at Banks Bar to bring in. Casual place with good vegan food is a winner!I really enjoyed the vegan cheesesteak! Thinking of a vegan cheesesteak sounds crazy but they artfully blend flavors to create a masterpiece. The space is eclectic and inviting. You can stay and enjoy food or take it to go. Got to go back and try the vegan cheesecake!The sandwiches here are pretty good! Walking in it looks like it isn't even open. It needs to be spiffed up a bit. There is a window for ordering and a large menu on the wall. I got the vegan cheesesteak and my coworker got the vegan Far East cheesesteak. We split both so I was able to try both. Overall, we agreed that the sandwiches were filling but not too heavy. Personally, I preferred the vegan Far East cheesesteak more. I liked the crispy onions on it and thought it was easier to eat. The regular vegan cheesesteak wasn't bad but I wasn't crazy about the cheese on it (I believe it might be cashew based).My coworker liked that one more, though. Either of the sandwiches are large enough that I felt full after finishing without needing a side. I would go back and try some of the other flavors they have. It would be good as a late night meal after drinking too.I have to say best vegan cheesesteaks I ever had! I had them add mushrooms and banana peppers. Same with the Buffalo chicken cheesesteak. Wish there was one back home in the Bay AreaVegan cheesesteaks are delicious!! I love that you can call in to order for pick up but hate that your change is placed on the counter instead of your hand!! Don't lose a customer over BS behavior/customer service!!This place has so many options for vegans, vegetarians and meat eaters. I have gotten the fish n chips, bbq chicken vegan philly and jackfruit philly. The service is amazing even during COVID-19 and I would definitely come back anytime I'm in New Orleans.I didn't order...I had to find something else. 
They no longer had cut their fries. Which to me is false advertising because the menus here say hand cut fries. The cashier said they don't hand cut anymore because they would have to charge a lot for fries...that was comical considering the store bought frozen fries that they are now selling are $4.50 and extra toppings are .50 each.
Decided I would order a regular Philly but they didn't have any Provolone cheese...how? I decided I would come back another day and try it again. Maybe in the daytime before the lunch rush.I am from Philadelphia. I love cheesesteaks. They come in different various different styles so I can appreciate the differences. While Trilly Cheesesteaks was the closest thing I found to home.....meh. The sandwich was good but meh. My biggest issue the condiments. I ordered fried onions, ketchup and mayo - a common west philly way to "dress" your steak. There was little to no mayo and the ketchup was put directly on the roll! This is not ok. It goes on top. It makes a difference. It makes the bread weird and soggy. Ketchup goes on top for that reason. There is also the issue with mixing the cheese in to the meat...meh. That's cool but less flavorful somehow. 
Will I go back to Trilly? It is likely. My non-Philly friends like it. It wasn't bad. I'll ask for extra mayo and put the ketchup on myself. 
Again not bad. I wish I could give a 3.5 stars. 
Great fries and the water was extremely refreshing. I know that reads crazy but that was some good water!