The menu was so creative!  Everyone in our group enjoyed their food and drinks.  Highlights for me were the Crawfish Fontina Beignets and the Ricotta Gnudi.  My cocktail, the SRP Punk, was delicious.  Our waitress was so friendly and well-informed about every detail of the menu.  The owner stopped by to personally welcome us and asked for our input.  I thought prices were very reasonable.  I highly recommend Trinity!This restaurant has great potential, but unfortunately is not living up to it just yet. The good things from my perspective were these: everyone was friendly, the menu is creative and of a reasonable length, the setting is very nice and a great location, the sommelier was knowledgeable and made a suggestion we liked, parts of the dishes we had were very well executed. I wanted to like this restaurant. The reason I've given this two stars is that the food just wasn't very good. In particular it was not appropriately salted, lacked interest with regard to taste, and the fish had a bad texture. I'm not a great cook, but we regularly eat better food than this in our home, and frankly I had better food than this at a random bar we visited the afternoon before coming.We wandered in here on a Thursday night looking for a snack.  The place was practically empty, which should have been the first clue, but we settled at the bar.   The bartender seemed a little put off by our appearance (close to closing time or something?).  We ordered two drinks and an appetizer of the fried squash blossoms.   
The squash blossoms were stuffed with goat cheese and served with Spanish anchovies and sunflower seeds...and were absolutely dreadful. I don't know how you ruin goat cheese, but they did it.  The textures were all off and the anchovy was too strong for the rest.  We picked at them and finally gave up. 
The bartender saw that we didn't love the appetizer, but didn't acknowledge it directly.  Instead, he said that the wine I drank was on him.  We thanked him and he came to present the check, taking with him the wine I wasn't finished drinking.  So weird.  I usually don't judge a place by one dish, but that dish was so bad I can't even get past it.   
The final nail in the coffin was the bathroom.  You have to go upstairs to get there and then it wasn't really very clean.  I turned on the faucet to wash my hands and the entire front of me got sprayed with water.  Just not a winner for me.We had an incredible dining experience at Trinity. The entire restaurant is beautifully decorated with marble everywhere. A very modern feel once you step inside off of the street. We sat at the bar to have a cocktail before we had dinner. Great service and the great cocktails! I had the SRP Punk and it was soooo good. It's perfectly balanced and so refreshing. Instead of having dinner at a table we decided to sit at the best seat in the house. The chefs table in front of the kitchen. We got to talk to the chefs and see everything being made. Such a great dining experience. We got first hand advise on what to eat from the person making the dish! We had the Ricotta Gnudi as starter and it was fantastic! Such good flavors I highly recommend. For dinner I had the scallops dish and I have to say these were the best scallops I've ever had. Perfectly cooked!!!!!  One of the stars of the fish is the mashed corn on the bottom.YUM!  I highly recommend this restaurant. In a city where food and great restaurants are everywhere this place is at the top of my list.First time in New Orleans. Found this fabulous restaurant. Beautifully decorated, great service & wonderful food. Order the scallops & potato au gratin!Seriously, best brunch in town!! Nicole was amazing and made sure the mimosas flowed!! Thank you for the amazing food, music, and of course, the drinks.Very interesting idea's using New Orleans tradition as a foundation.  Octapus carpaccio, blackened lamb chops, veggie cannelloni did not disappoint.  Open kitchen with bar for dining, tables or booths.  Beautiful modern setting.We had an amazing dinner here on Wednesday. My boyfriend had the snapper, which he said was the best snapper he's ever had and I had the steak, which was amazing. Highly recommend this place!This is hands down the best meal I've had in recent memory. The experience begins when you walk in the door and are greeted with a chic, modern interior - the likes of which shine among the traditional and somewhat tacky interiors of the competition around it. Our waitress' warm, positivity was entirely infectious. She knew the menu in and out and could answer all of our questions at length. Even hours later I can't get the food off my mind. I highly recommend the smoked oysters and the crawfish and fontina beignet, both of which are what dreams are made of. If you're in New Orleans and want a meal that will rock your world then this is the restaurant for you. You simply must put it on your list!Dinner was a disappointment which makes me sad to say. We had reservations at Trinity for dinner. The space was beautiful and it was not too crowded on a Friday night. 
First of all, I am a vegetarian. I am very used to not having something on the menu but the best part of New Orleans is that chefs are usually happy to make me something. Asked our waiter if the chef could do anything for me and he said "no". Didn't even ask the chef or kitchen. (In the end they did make a pasta dish)
Secondly, when we did get food (all at different times) my friends' dishes came out cold. They said the flavors were ok but the temperature was not correct. 
Our service was sub par. I had to ask for a refill of water. We spent most of the meal with empty glasses. The cocktails we ordered took over 20 minutes to come out--- I would have ordered more but we never saw our server. 
We all left disappointed unfortunatelyGreat new restaurant for Decatur street. The space is renovated and modern. Clean and efficient although the long booth marble tables create a need for staff to reach.  If you are forgiving this is a non issue.  The food was delicious - in an effort to be picky (everyone's an expert right?) I say there are too many favors happening at once in some dishes. We started with the duck fat hush puppies - Fantastic - the hog head cheese - delicious - and the Frites - bc you have to know how to make FFs as a price of entry. I had the snapper/avocado dish after the chef told me to and he was 100% correct.  The pecans gave a sweet crust to an amazing fish prepared to perfection.  The lime and avocado stood on their own and blended fabulously.  The second entree were the scallops. This is the dish with too much. The scallops taste of bacon (I suspect backed wrapped or pan cooked in the fat) and that took away from the sweetness you expect from them.  They were served on a mix of what I think were parsnips or yacama. The overly sweet from that mash - the bacon - the scallop.  You get my drift.  The third plate at the table was the beef - beautiful steak - silky mushrooms.  The bechamel suffered the separation that happens when left sitting near heat but the taste did not suffer. We finished with a dark and stormy cake --- NOT ENOUGH CHOCOLATE OR FRESH FRUIT IN THE DESERT MENU.  Ok that's just because one or the other of those things is a good way to finish a great meal. All in all great place that will find its legs. Enjoy.Compared with the typical low key, seafood heavy offerings in New Orleans, Trinity is a breath of fresh air. Upscale with fun food options, the service only makes it better!We accidentally went in there (..we were looking for Cane and Table and thought it had been replaced by this establishment!) But it was a fun and happy accident. 
Bottomless mimosas (with fresh squeezed OJ) for brunch with airy blueberry pancakes! Incredible deal. And there were some energetic drag shows to add to the fun! 
Would go again!The bad cats of the quarter have a new house.. And Kev already has gotten a nice shout out, that did not take long, I didn't think it would..Amazing food, we ordered pork belly and the snapper. The service is great. Everyone's so friendly and helpful, makes you feel like you don't want to leave.We went here last night and wished we had not. The service was deplorable, our server could not be less friendly. Except for the hostess who showed us to our table everyone who worked here had an attitude. I ordered a cocktail, the server left it on the table next to us for another person. The next person realized the mistake and just picked it up and brought to me. He didn't apologize and the lady who accidentally  got it apologized and assured me that she didn't take a sip. Also, it  was lousy. I order the stuffed shells, which was completely inedible. The edges of the pasta were burnt crisp, the basil garnished had charred and turned bitter. I  picked at the filling to keep from starving. We were never offered any bread, which we could see on the other tables. 
We loved everything single thing about New Orleans except for Trinity.Trinity is the bomb.  Walked in and was seated without reservations.  I don't expect that to last to long once this place catches on.
The service was outstanding and we met one of the owners/investors.  Very friendly staff.  
Our oysters were perfect and I had the Chicken 3 ways which was superb.  I was tired of seafood and the chicken was very juicy and tender.  What a great recreation of "chicken."
All our plates had great presentations and the food was better than that. 
It's expensive but we left satisfied and felt we had gotten our money's worth.  If you don't go to the quarter to eat as I heard locals don't, then make a special trip!!
Damn near perfection!! Will return on my next trip to NOLA.The food is good, but the location is so awkward. I'm tired of this New York/LA hipsters of 2009 trying to incorporate a restaurant cause daddy has some fucking money. There are better more of a "trend" restaurants. And If you're a tourist, I wouldn't even think to eat there. Go to Tujague's, go to Arnaud's, go to Broussard's, etc. Go to places that have been around a lot longer than some restaurant that will probably shut down within the next two years. 
You come to New Orleans for culture and the experience; there is no experience there.Excellent - Nicole our server was fantastic.  The fish and chicken was superb.  You must eat here.Absolutely beautiful space and maybe the best meal I had on a recent trip to NOLA. Exceptional staff and wide ranging menu. Be sure to top your visit off with the semifreddo and an espresso!Amazing restaurant! Food was very delicious, even the complimentary bread! We loved it. 
Service was really good as well, the owner walked by to make sure that we were enjoying the meal and experience. Thumb up for everything here!We were lucky enough to get a table on a Friday night. The oyster selection was fantastic. Would highly, highly recommend the baked oysters! So yummy ! Everyone at table ordered different entree and all were so good that we freely shared bites all around.  Get off of Royal and Bourbon streets and find this gem!Made reservations for our anniversary dinner and couldn't have been more satisfied with the food and service here. Food was absolutely delicious and the drinks were to match. They were so accommodating and even the chef came out to see how we enjoyed the meal. Highly recommend this place, also the music was great. Two thumbs up!!!Great place to stop in for a drink. Friendly bartender and staff. Great pride in drinks. Beautiful bar top and atmosphere.Ok, can't believe NOTHING IS OPEN, yet the one place that is IS AMAZING. Clean well designed comfortable atmosphere., yet very down to earth. Food is beyond tasty it explodes in your mouth... must go. Would never imagine the peace by its locationHad a reservation for 7:30 and showed up 20 minutes early. They wanted to put us on a table outside but upon seeing a flying roach out there, we asked if we could sit inside. The restaurant was nearly empty but they said they're all booked for reservations and could only seat us at the bar (for our date). We told them we also had a reservation and couldn't understand why we just couldn't be seated at another table, since literally most of the restaurant was empty. So unfortunately we just had to leave. They wasted our time but the menu didn't look that great anyway. Wouldn't recommend or come back since there's a chance we wouldn't be seated anyway, even with a reservation.Upscale restaurant- very tasty and very interesting dishes - very recommended if you want something more fancyAt  $50 a head, this place was a disappointment. The interior was elegant and service was nice, but that's as good as it got . The first red flag was the Wagyu steak and Brussel sprouts, which were sitting under the stove in trays already cooked, waiting to be reheated. It became clear that this place was a glorified high school kitchen when we saw the lobster for the night come from the freezer. A third of our pork belly was pure (hard) fat from top to bottom, but the waitress said that was expected  Also, when the chefs were plating the food, I couldn't help but notice how the chef's rag was touching the sauce on all the plates as he went from one plate to the next . The last straw was when we saw the chef pass the oysters to the man checking the orders, who cleaned the inside of every oyster with his bare fingers, not to mention that time when he wiped the sweat off his brow with those fingers. The woman beside us said they were the best oysters she ever had, however, so perhaps his fingers don't taste so bad  Food is mediocre, sanitation is questionable at best. Eat at your own discretion.This place was delicious. Was recommended by a local during Mardi gras. Although place was about to close bartender served us. Would totally go back.Simply amazing on every front. Good service ambiance music. Indeed the whole package. And so reasonably priced for such a fine dining establishment. Will be back many times!Very good food. The scallops are a standout as are the broiled oysters. Fontina and crawfish beignets are very rich; split the dish with a friend or two. The coconut bubble dessert with red velvet cake may seem gimmicky, but the cake is undeniably good. Among the cocktails, the old fashioned and the Aranjuez Switch are especially good. Hot, crusty rolls are a plus, too.
Cheerful, pleasant service. I like sitting in the booths toward the rear of the restaurant, although the long dining bar right in front of the kitchen looks great.We just got engaged the night before and this was our first dinner newly engaged so we were wanting it to be great...because, hey we're kinda life perfectionists like that. We weren't sure when we walked toward the entrance of this place if we made the right decision; it seemed a little seedy around the neighborhood, but, then we walked in and we knew we were in our kinda place; beautiful marble tables with just the right mix of modern with classic French Quarter style. We sat with a view of the kitchen...so, we were excited. Then our server came over and she had such a great energy, we immediately knew we were in for a treat. Let me take another second to remark on this aspect, service can really make or break a place for us...it's your first impression before you ever taste anything....so, when it's good you automatically feel ready to indulge, when it sucks we kinda loose our appetites. Whenever we get this kinda all around good vibe about a place; we like to put our order into the servers hands...asking them to just bring us they're top picks in the best order...also, did this with cocktails and boy did she nail it!
This was in our top 2 dinners in NO; we enjoyed every bite of everything and can't wait to come back on our next trip!This place came recommended from a friend, so our group was excited to try the food - worst restaurant of our entire trip. We were sat upstairs and the room kept changing temperatures from very stuffy to freezing cold. Our first server came by to give us waters, I asked for bread for the table after noticing other tables had rolls. She looked at me kind of confused and then said yes in the oddest, most condescending manner. She then walked away and didn't come back to our table. Another server came by to refill waters and we asked about drinks, he said he could take our order and became our server. I asked again for bread and he brought it no problem. Our first round of drinks were undrinkable. Our server did offer to switch out our drinks for something different which was nice. 
The food was a strange mix. The tempura shrimp tasted like dish water. The pork belly was pure, hard fat. The snapper was fantastic, but the chicken was just okay and seemed to be served on a bed of mayonnaise. As the meal was ending, we were somewhat disappointed but nothing crazy. Our first server obviously had some sort of attitude but the second server was fine. 
BUT HERE'S THE REASON I'M GIVING THIS PLACE ONE STAR. As we were heading downstairs to get drinks to go, the server chased us down for a copy of our receipt and then asked us if his service was terrible. We were very confused and said no, why? And he then proceeded to tell us that his %18 tip was the worst tip he's ever received and then stormed off. We were obviously taken aback and confused. The service wasn't fantastic, the food was half disgusting, we felt that %18 is good for what we got. We promptly left, but not before the server came back to give us a half ass apology saying that he made the comment because another server had told him to? Very confusing, so off putting, not coming back and definitely not recommending this place to others.Absolutely delicious food! The bartender was incredibly friendly and produced some amazing drinks! The house brined watermelon garnishes were fantastic. If you're in the area, stop by Trinity! The meatball appetizer and burrata/tomato salads are not to be overlooked! Delicious!I came during happy hour and I was very very disappointed with all the food. It was terrible. The smoked oysters had a funky taste to it. The octopus carpaccio was bland so we literally soaked it in Tabasco sauce. Fried oyster was ok but the picked onions was funkyyyy tasting. I was NOT impressed. Bartender was really nice though but I would not come backVery impressive! We were looking for a place that would be different from typical New Orleans cafes and we found it! Smooth atmosphere, friendly staff and owner, short menu - all as we like. As a starter sweet pork was our best bet! Very unusual but super tasty. Main dishes - strip loin and seafood pasta... It was really good! Macadamia tart was a fantastic way to wrap it up. Cocktails are just as amazing as it could be. Good job! Definitely recommend!We opted to dine at Trinity because the line at Coop's was excessive! This is much more upscale, but equally as good. The fare is very different, however. We had steak tartare and baked oysters for starters, then the snapper and steak for our main course. Delish! Great service, wonderful atmosphere. We'll be back!Nice space, with a large bar in the front and  a large open kitchen in the back with about 15 seats at a counter overlooking the kitchen. It seems like about half the seats in the entire place are at these long "communal" areas along with some nice 4-top booths in the back room and a number of 2-tops.  Honestly, I'm not sure how such a seemingly small kitchen with only 3 cooks are able to take care of everything but they seem to do a good job and our dinner was well timed. For the most part, the food and service were very good, though smoked oysters on a deviled egg ended up being a bad way to start the meal as the oysters were heavily smoked and overpowered the dish while providing no texture or flavor reminiscent of oysters. Even the deviled eggs on their own were marginal, and the crawfish & fontina beignets were fine but a bit on the greasy side - though they had quite a bit of crawfish and were a large portion.
After that however, the ricotta gnudi was perfect and the duck breast was incredibly tender while the roasted beets were plentiful and the flavors perfectly complemented a good bottle of Pinot Noir. We didn't go for dessert but they looked quite good too. The cocktail lis tlooked inventive, and the wine list was fairly large including a large number of glass pours and bottled at virtually every price point. Including a lot of high priced wines of which there were four on the glass pour list at $20-35 per glass for wines that aren't normally available by the glass. The Chablis was Amazing.
Overall, it's a nice restaurant and it was an overall good experience. Not perfect, but the people are nice, some of the food was great, and I'm definitely a fan on my first visit.Amazing service, wonderful modern ambiance and sophisticated food in the Quarter! Avoid the tourist traps, go to a real restaurant...The food is excellent. Oysters, Scallops, lamb, pretty much everything we had. Jacinta is oozing with brightness and personality. All the service is great and the owner is very hands on.This restaurant is very chic and modern, love their marble table. I came here with  girls, so it's good for a large party. The service was alright. 
Boiled oysters (5/5)
zucchini salads (2/5)
Crawfish beignets (4/5)
pork belly (3/5)
Squid ink (1/5) 
Short ribs (5/5)
Overall, it's a beautiful restaurant with good food if you get the right items.Focused offerings with great service from the bar to the table. Local simple and delicious food. Many gluten free and paleo friendly options.Beautiful restaurant. Friendly and highly professional service. Incredible food- highly recommend the crawfish beignets and the oysters over deviled eggs.Review is based on Brunch:
We had reservations and were initially seated upstairs.   There were a couple of large groups and some 2 or 4 tops.  There were two of us and we were seated at a large round table that would have normally seated 5-6.    After seeing the website and the beautiful photos of the restaurant I was very underwhelmed by the upstairs.   I think it would make a great private function area.   However, it was far too noisy for two people to talk.  We were re-seated by the very pleasant hostess, to a downstairs location in a booth across from the kitchen.   
The service:   Upstairs the service was fantastic and I wish we could have had the same wait staff at our new location.   Downstairs we were lucky to get water.   No one ever came to check on us other than to fill water glasses once and to deliver food and to drop the check.    
The Food:  We ordered the brussel sprouts to start.  Our mains were the Sautéed Shrimp & Linguine and the Wagyu Burger & Fries.   The brussel sprouts were tasty and I enjoy this dish.   The burger was fine but nothing special.  The fries however were nice and crispy.  The shrimp linguine was absolutely tasteless.   The menu describes it as:  "lemon / roasted tomatoes / sautéed onions / parmigiano".   There were two roasted tomatoes in the dish and that is all.  It is covered in little flowers that taste like anise which is not in the description and such a flavor that I had to pick them out.  The pasta was not salted and honestly I didn't eat but a couple of bites and the server didn't even ask if I enjoyed the meal.   
Overall:  I would not recommend Trinity for brunch.What a great hidden gem. If you are in the French Quarter and want phenomenal food without the tourist ripoff, go here. Don't go to any of the big name places, they are overpriced and underwhelming. Go here!  You will be floored by how good the food is. It just might be the best in the quarter and that isn't an exaggeration. Even better, there is rarely a line so you're sure to be seated quickly!  Trust me. Go here.We had an amazing dinner at Trinity. We ate oysters broiled, smoked, and in gazpacho. we also had crawfish beignets, delicious sweet pork belly, and much more. 
Every dish was stellar. We sat at the counter and the chefs were engaging and very knowledgeable. Our waitress, Courtney was so sweet and happy to chat with us. 
Everyone from the waiters to the bus boys were so kind and asked us how our evening was going. I couldn't imagine a better and more hospitable experience at this new New Orleans restaurant.After finishing a walking tour through the french quarter, found this amazing place on Yelp. Loved it, will recommend!! The crawfish beignetes are amazing.The food was so good! Started out with 3 different kinds of oysters.  The baked oysters were my favorite!  Cut up oysters baked in a yummy sauce with bread.  Entrees were the steak, the pork & the pasta.  Everyone really enjoyed their meals.  Make reservations.  It became packed around 745.  Nice wine list also!No idea how this restaurant has so many stars!  I was totally taken in by the reviews and made a reservation here for our first night in NOLA.  Honestly, the worst meal of our stay.  The oysters were so small I am not even sure they were whole.  The "Corn Broth and Gulf Scallops" turned out to be more a very disappointing watery corn soup with baby scallops floating in it.  The crawfish beignets had nothing in them.  When my daughter requested a straw for her water glass, the server hand carried a straw to our table and then put it down on the table.  No napkin, nothing.  Generally, shouldn't that come wrapped in a napkin so it is clean?  Just yucky ... Bathroom was also not up to any standard that I was willing to use. Seriously, skip it.  So many other choices.We ate here with 3 out of town guests and had a FABULOUS time! We did their drag show brunch which is on Saturdays. They also have $15 bottomless mimosas. They also offer a 3 course meal for 29, which is a soup/salad, entree and dessert. My friend ordered the brie cheese to share with the table and I ordered the wagyu beef burger and fries. The meat on the burger tasted similar to the taste of a port of call burger. The cheese and honey was impossible to stop eating. Great food, great service, the best ambience! I think everyone needs to attend their drag show. It seems to be a new orle and best kept secret! So fun! Thank you!I was lucky enough to dine at Trinity for a friend's birthday a couple of weeks back and the entire staff made our table feel like VIPs! Multiple staff members greeted us and wished my friend a happy birthday. The bartender came up with a custom cocktail for her based on her clearly defined likes & dislikes. She liked it so much she had 2!
And the food OMG. The food. We started with the baked oysters trinity. And they were amazing, each flavoring complementing but so different than the one before. We then split a couple of appetizers among the 3 of us...I know one was the ricotta gnudi. So different from what I was expecting but super tasty. Then the 3 of us split the vegetarian polenta dish and the linguine seafood dish. OMG they were both simply amazing. Really really delicious.  Did I mention that the bread was simply amazing too? It's made by the inhouse pastry chef. I tried to hoard all of it but I friends made me share. 
After our meal, our birthday girl had bread pudding with a candle in it... At this point I thought I might explode. So of course, we ended up concluding with small glasses of port. 
The staff was on point and super helpful and patient with our birthday silliness. The renovation is gorgeous!!! I have not eaten in this space since the 90s and I cannot believe it's the same place. So light and gorgeous and yes, still an open kitchen. 
Definitely a great spot for a special occasion or just because you deserve some delicious food. Now I want to stop by on a regular night for a cocktail and app...The food here was pretty good, but I wish the portion sizes were slightly larger for the price. The seafood, according to my husband who ordered snapper was not fresh at all (we are Florida residents). My pasta shells were good but not as flavorful as I would have hoped. I probably wouldn't choose this restaurant as a top choice when visiting New Orleans.I know I should be eating seafood in New Orleans but I was craving a steak and this place definitely over delivered on my cravings. The steak was so tender and the truffle flavor was just right. The atmosphere is adorable. If I go back in a smaller group I would love to sit on the balcony upstairs!Great food!!! Loved the fennel salad and the crawfish beignets!!! I did not die for the baked oysters because I love the raw ones, but my husband did love them! Great service and ambiance! Would definitely recommend !This was my favorite dinner in New Orleans. The menu was overwhelming with good choices when I spotted something on the menu that said, ask your server about chef's choice. Yes! You can get a 3, 4 or 5 course dinner plus dessert for a set price and the chef decides what you eat. What better than the chef deciding? He knows what the best items are!
Each course was delicious. Delectable. Creative. Beautiful. Flavorful. I was ready to bust at the end but I couldn't stop! 
The service was amazing. The owner came by to check on us. Everything was just perfect. Even the music was fun and perfect. 
Highly highly recommended.What a wonderful end to a few days in NOLA. Chef Michael put together an awesome 4 course tasting menu (just ask your server about options) and we had stellar service from Jacinda.  My daughter, who is vegetarian and typically does not eat meat or fish, loved the red snapper dish and oyster starter. I loved it all!  They even worked in a wine pairing that flowed with the whole tasting menu.  Beautiful space and wonderful experience. Thanks again to the whole staff for a great evening!Really liked this place. At peak dinner time, they squeezed in our party of five, even without a reservation. Very friendly service, and the food was delicious. I didn't care for the brie app we shared, as it tasted a bit goaty. However all of the entrees were fantastic, especially the red snapper - the best I've ever had! To top it all off, they serve a delicious gruner, which was perfect on a warm evening.Hit or miss. Trying a little too hard to be fancy and inventive that they lost some flavor. The snapper and bread was good, the polenta and fennel salad was ok. The crayfish beignets were too greasy for me. And the coconut dessert was disappointing. Dessert should leave you with a memory. They didn't charge for the dessert because I didn't like it. It had potential with a red velvet cake inside but it lacked the cocoa flavor it should have. Let's just say it tasted like a badly made cake pop swimming in coconut water bubbles that tasted like the dish soap they resembled.Somewhat pricey but the food was prepared with thought. I had oysters three different ways favorite being the baked. I also had the bone marrow and crab which was probably my favorite dish of the night. Would definitely come back.We were actually just walking by when the absolutely wonderful manager Robby, invited us in. At first it was because of his warm and welcoming friendly personality that we decided to stop in. The ambience and decor give the establishment a sleek modern vibe. However it fits in wonderfully with the New Orleans culture. We had a few craft cocktails that were absolutely divine. And it it is definitely a place we will visit again in the future.The food is delicious. It's southern with a flair. The preparers are meticulous and the consistency is perfect. Definitely the best food I had in New Orleans this trip!Horrible and rude management. Food was yummy, but the service left a sour note in my mouth. Had a reservation for 9:15pm for a large party, didn't get seated until an hour later. Had a mixup with the price of a wine we ordered. The MANAGER rudely said he didn't have to do anything nice for us. RepulsedGreat food, terrible service. 
We had 9 PM reservations for our friend's Bachelorette party. When we arrived we found out that our table was still being occupied by another party. After waiting AN HOUR AND FIFTEEN MINUTES (past our reservation time) we were finally seated. While we were waiting, the manager came out and assured us that he would do something nice for the trouble of waiting. The waiter and the food were great. The beignets and the frog legs were some of our favorite dishes. However, once we received our bill we realized that they had served/charged us a bottle of wine that was triple the price of what we had originally ordered. When we asked the manager about it he became very defensive and then rudely told us that "he didn't actually need to do anything nice for us if he didn't want to." 
It was unfortunate that the manager's terrible attitude ruined our friend's special night because otherwise we liked the restaurant. However, we will be sure to not recommend Trinity to anyone because the food is not worth the hassle.Perhaps I had a bad experience / new server / the chef was having a bad day, but damn, very disappointed. 
The food was mediocre for the price and the service was no good. When you're thinking about where the server is and asking the same questions 3 times, you know the focus is not where it should be. 
There are way better places in the city to get food. Don't go here.Beautiful, modern and spotless. The smoked oysters with local caviar might just be one of the best things I've ever eaten. John, our server was polite and prompt. Good date night spot!Excellent dinner.  We had the crispy pork belly, soft shell crab, crawfish beignet and the wagyu steak and ALL were amazing.  This place should be considered a must-visit during your stay in The Quarter.
Also, Adam is a top notch bartender that will make you a drink to match your mood.  Total pro!Hit it out of the Park!  Incredible service, crazy good food and amazing ambience on the balcony upstairs. Great music coming from across the street made for a magical night !Great new spot in the quarter. 
We sat at the bar and had some oysters and cocktails. Great upscale place for cocktails without the pretentiousness!ATROCIOUS.  STAY AWAY.  We waited over two hours for our main course which never arrived as we had to leave for a jazz show that we told our waitstaff about when we ordered.  The manager's inept attempt to mollify us was not to charge us for the main courses that never arrived.  Where do you pay for something you never receive?  When we expressed further displeasure, he was combative and rude, telling us it was what it is as he walked away.  This restaurant is what it is.  Do yourself a favor and eat somewhere else.Called in because it looked nice. Stayed for the amazing food and the wine list. The snapper was excellent and the staff were super helpful. Recommend sitting upstairs out on the deck and watching the passing parade. Glad we stopped thereThe server Jacinda was the best server ive ever had. She was kind and knowledgeable about everything. One of our guest had a food allergy and she went above and beyond to service us. I loved everything about the night. Food was amazing..music was great.. wine was even better.Outstanding service (thanks John G) impeccable culinary experience from the Duck Confit to the desserts. Bravo chef!
Also, FANTASTIC music and atmosphere. We will send everyone we know that is headed to NOLA.First time back in New Orleans in about five years and I stumbled across this gem.   They don't have much for classy joints down in The Quarter, but they do now.   The food is a modern twist on Creole classics executed extremely well by  Executive Chef Michael Isolani.   I had raw oysters, crispy pork belly and the blackened lamb chops.  Food was spot on.   They also have a very extensive, world class wine list that their wine director Kevin Durand put together.   One of the best well rounded wine lists I have ever seen in New Orleans for sure. The decor and overall look to the restaurant is really spectacular.   They also have an upstairs with balcony to check out the people on the street while you dine.    Stop in check these guys out,  you won't be disappointed.Very good- exactly what I was looking for. They did not have the soft shell tempura crab, so tried the tempura frog legs. Nothing wrong with the prep, just found them bland. The "pasta of the sea" and scallops were awesome! Also highly recommend the summer squash with Monchego and chorizo- delicious! Deserts were okay, satisfied the pallet but not memorable.Great food, friendly staff.  Loved the pork belly appetizer and the baked oysters.  Reasonable prices for the quality.  We watched the St Patrick's parade while we ate on their balcony  
The smoked whiskey in the bar was great. 
They will see me again.Octopus carpaccio was not good- gritty hummus didn't go well with octopus. Made the dish taste like frozen fish. The snapper and ribeye entrees were delicious as was the pork belly app. Pineapple upside down cake tasted like it had chemicals in it and the hazelnut dessert was terrible too. Both decaf and regular coffees were undrinkable, and I never turn my nose up at coffee. Cocktails were nice. Waiter was very nice, but it took forever to get out of this place once it started going downhill at dessert. Nice entrees, nice staff but I'll never go back  and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.The team at Trinity created a very cool and marble topped space that dishes out remarkable food. 
Highly recommend doing a tasting menu with paired wines. 
We did a 6 course tasting seated at the back bar and loved it. You get to sit and enjoy the chefs prepare your meal. 
Has an upstairs that would be perfect for business entertaining.We planned to go with 8 girlfriends. Unfortunately, we had an unexpected emergency come up and I had to cancel the reservation. I have never been treated so poorly. The manager hung up on me once and when I called back, he was incredibly rude. He wouldn't listen, was very short, and basically said too bad when i tried to explain what happened. I'll never go to this place again when I'm in town. Horrible customer service.I'll give them 4/5 because it's a beautiful restaurant, very nice people, and delicious food. Not 5 because their cocktails need some serious work. Just order your basic cocktail or order wine... Also, they're so new (I am guessing is the reason why) that service was veeeeeery slow and we didn't eat our entrees until an hour and a half after sitting....The appetizers (crawfish beignet) were awesome but killing time with appetizers and not so great cocktails can only be fun for so long. But most importantly, the staff was so friendly and attentive. Too bad the kitchen (don't know what was going on) had serious trouble keeping up. I'd definitely come back to give it another try! Beautiful part of town and awesome balcony seating. Just don't plan this in the middle of a "structured" evening and try the crawfish beignets!We r grazing on Decatur..stopped and had pommes 
 frites and smoked oyster on deviled eggs.. just yummy.  The restaurant is all marble.. very beautiful. Andrew at the bar is a sweetheart!
It is definitely upscale and a nice change of pace from the usual dirty bourbon street ..