Pleasantly surprised by the presentation of the nice selections.  If I were not here for a biz trip, I would be planning my next visit back!  Good food!Very nice place for dinner! Their sushi rolls and baked salmon are very tasty! The service was great too!Fairly new sushi spot. Really fresh sushi. We shared a sushi dinner they have which gives you quite the variety, tuna, salmon, yellowtail, and another selection. It was really great and so damn fresh. We also had the salmon tartare special, wasn't my cup of tea Bc it had too much mayo in it. Great service. We ended up getting a bottle of wine and that was smart of us Bc they have a deal on bottles of wine. They also have a "club" you can join. It's a card and it affords you a percentage off your bill on visits. I'll definitely be back. I'm a fan!!!Everyone loved their food. Modern industrial decor. Good service. Conveniently located in walking distance of Wino for after dinner drinks. The lava roll was excellent. Nice place for a date or business dinner.In Baton Rouge I would say this is one of my favorite sushi places, in New Orleans not even close. The service we had was quite awful, the server was complaining a lot about her shit and how they had to pay for parking themselves ($25) to work. The food is just alright. The lighting is so dark you can barely see what you're eating. It's just not that great for what you are paying for.This place has a great happy hour and amazing food! My favorites are the smoked salt escolar, truffle salmon, & luscious lemonfish.Very disappointed. Sushi took 45 minutes for a simple order for two people on a weekday lunch that wasn't very busy. Also, was served a drink in a glass with lipstick on it.Best sushi I've had in NoLa! Sushi chefs are extremely talented and masters at their craft. Management and staff were extremely attentive and friendly. Try the infused sakes and salmon belly if you know what's good for you!Best sushi in town!!!! Do yourself a favor and sit at the sushi bar with Jared or Tuan.. super creative and talented chefs. Drinks are delicious and food is exceptional. Great experience all around!!i'm not sure how i never knew about this spot before but it's best sushi place i've honestly ever been. the place itself is stunning, the beverage selection is massive, the food and its presentation is 100% ! glad i only live 3 blocks away!!This place is so sexy!. Chill vibes with a low beat of music playing in the background but not loud enough to over power your conversations. It's an awesome date, hang out after work or a nice meal spot.
The food is equally sexy and delicious. We sat at the bar and enjoyed it. The sushi rolls I had were some of the best things I put in my mouth. Fresh and amazing .One of the best sushi restaurants I've been too, excellent food, excellent service. Number 1 on my list for sushi when visiting new orleans again.First of all, the venue is beautiful & versatile - great for business meeting upstairs to after work happy hour to weekend bar hopping. The staff is super friendly & speedy service. And of course, food is delicious & fresh. Needless to say, I'll be back for happy hour in the future!This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. I travel for work and try and find a new restaurant every night. However, every week I still seem to crave Tsunami. Dustin(manager) always makes me feel right at home. The staff is always so personable. The sushi chefs are very knowledgeable as well. Ask for Jared- he's the man. Cant decide which roll to order??? Just tell them what you like and they will make it! I have not had one bad thing on the menu. They also have great happy hour specials. Great for groups, special occasions or in my case, sitting at the bar alone. Dont worry street parking is free after 7PM. If you want to get away from traditional cajun cusine, Tsunami is your spot....and they have locations in Baton Rouge and Lafayette as well.The food is delightful. Service can sometimes be slow but it depends on how busy they are. Tuesday's the happy hour extends to 10. Soooo good.Bryson is the best ! Ask for him if he's working! He knew all the great recommendations and suggested some delicious drinks and was bubbly and attentive! Will def be back!Awesome awesome sushi joint in the heart of NOLA. Clean and modern decor without being pretentious. At first glance, this may look like just another trendy soul-less sushi spot and the menu may look vanilla upon initial read. However, once you dig deeper into the chef's special menu you know this is a place where food is made with heart and soul. 
Chef Jerard's sushi are fun and complex with different layers of flavor and textures. I was in town for a conference and went there 2 nights in a row! Coming from Los Angeles where sushi bars are on every other block, this place is a true gem!
What I had: 
Octopus sushi - slow braised for 4 hours for a melt-in-your-mouth tenderness on the inside then charred to fragrant crispiness on the outside. No soy sauce needed as chef prepared a sweet and tangy orange peel sauce. 
Salmon belly - quick sear on the outside topped with crispy pork belly, nicely laid on top of dollops of beets sauce.
Even something as simple as an  unagi sushi is made to perfection! 
Highly recommended! Will go back over and over again!Easy 5 Star. Really nice ambiance, very relaxing with the low lights and plentiful candles. The service was very good and the prices really reasonable. We shared 5 rolls and had 2 miso soups and our bill was under 50 dollars. We had the dynamite, jazz, veggie, don taun, and Philly rolls. All were delicious and very fresh. They had a huge menu with many options. Everything sounded good. A must try!Delicious restaurant, and the staff is so friendly! Loved my experience here and hope to be back soon!If they had a such thing as a sushi ultra lounge this may be it.
Specialties include white truffle oil laced sushi 
And fresh cocktails.One of the best sushi restaurants I've ever had! I've eaten at the other locations in Lafayette and Baton Rouge many times and so glad they opened one here. Presentation, service, creativity hands down the best! There is nothing on the menu I wouldn't recommend. You wouldn't think to order it and I rarely do but the ribeye steak is one of the best I've ever had!Pretty good place for a quick bite!! We had the Thai beef salad, munchie roll, dragon roll, fried rice, and the baked salmon- everything was fresh and delicious! A must try if you're in the area.Nothing worse than leaving a restaurant hungry!  I went for lunch and decided to get the bento box. $14 for a palm size portion of food. And by food I mean an ounce of rice and 3 of the smallest shrimp tempura I've ever been served, 3 pieces of lonely looking fruit, tiny pieces of spicy roll and a cucumber salad that was nothing to write home about.  They should be ashamed of themselves. Going to tell everyone my experience because I'm mad and hungry! Go to Sake Cafe, they don't screw their customers.Stopped in over the weekend and got a seat at the sushi bar.  We ordered 3 rolls and enjoyed watching Drury create them.  All 3 were better than any sushi we've had elsewhere, but the Black & Gold roll was AMAZING.  Just an incredible combination of flavors created with the freshest ingredients.  It was a pleasure speaking with Drury.  He was extremely personable which just added to our experience.  We will definitely visit Tsunami again soon.If they had a such thing as a sushi ultra lounge this may be it.
Specialties include white truffle oil laced sushi and oyster sushi.
With fresh cocktails.Great service, great food, great ambiance, and great location!!!!   A must go eat place for sushi lover and Japanese food lovers!!!!Flavor of the food is impeccable. I had the Eggplant Miso, and the Oysters, plus the Jazz roll and the crunchy roll. The food was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ALL of it! Service was perfect. Everyone seemed happy to be working there. Will definitely good back. I do recommend reservations, they seem to be busy everyday.I really enjoyed Tsunami, the food was to die for. I visited for my sisters birthday in a party of 5. Our server was down to earth but yet still professional. He gave get recommendations and new the menu front and back. The location was very romantic and dim lightning but still cozy and not too loud. Now to the food it was....... OUTSTANDING. I cant remember all the the rolls we has but the spicy tuna was bar none. Thank you guys for making my sisters birthday memorable with all of your top notch creations!Fresh fish, so the nigiri and sashimi is great, but the rolls are bland and not worth the money. Friendly staff and beautiful restaurant!Tsunami is some of the best sushi I've had in New Orleans! Creative and unique rolls, high quality, and great service!!! 10/10 would recommendI consider myself somewhat of a sushi expert and this place didn't meet my expectations. The restaurant itself is trendy, quaint and upscale; definitely a nice date spot, but the miso soup wasn't authentic and the green tea wasn't green. Sushi rolls were just ok. I would try one more time before writing it off but I'd skip the miso and tea and maybe try sashimi next time. Service was great tho.Delicious and fresh sushi. Fun innovative menu and great atmosphere if you're not facing the open kitchen/sushi bar.Loved the truffle salmon sashimi!! Also got to try the snow crab app which was large for two people. The tea service is nice as was our server. Got the Michael roll- crab didn't fill into the roll just the out two pieces had it. Lava roll was good. Will be coming back.If you are looking for a nice upscale Japanese spot in the CBD, this is the place. Been here a few times for dinner with our friends and it's always been good. Very nice setting for a date night but great for a dinner party as well. The space is decorated nicely and the staff is on point!The truffle salmon is my favorite item on the menu. Make sure to drink some sake with it. Awesome happy hour specials! The happy hour specials are different every weekday. Make sure you take advantage of happy hour.This place is right next to the intercontinental hotel, and just steps away from the French quarter. I came in during happy hour, and they definitely have great happy hour deals! However, the waiter did not mention any of the happy hour deals, and there is nothing listed on the menu. I would recommend doing a quick Google search ahead of time if you want to take part of this.
I got two rolls, which definitely filled me up! We decide to sit right at the bar so we can watch the sushi chefs do their thing, which is definitely the way to go. It's fascinating how the kitchen is open, so you see the chefs frying the crabs, you see the chef preparing all the food. They are definitely very well staffed, and the service was great.
It's hard to find a good sushi place in New Orleans, so this is definitely a place I'll come back to!A busy Saturday night elicits a typical crowd in search of dinner. We became part of that crowd as we had flown in that afternoon and were pretty hungry. We waited about 10 minutes for a table. During our wait ... a drink. We were seated just after our drinks were made. Seated in the back corner seemed loud with no relief. The sound had nowhere else to go. The music was a weird playlist of crappy remixes of only the worst 80s tunes. You would never notice in a hotel lobby because you're only there for a few minutes, but when you're seated for dinner and going to be there for potentially more than an hour it got unnerving. Kaci was our server. She did a pretty good job despite being super busy. She seemed easily distracted as it appeared that part of her responsibility included running food to tables for which she wasn't the server. The food was great albeit slow to arrive. It was a busy Saturday night, so maybe that's the reason. All around it was a good experience. Please for the love of all things holy change the music.I have read most reviews on Yelp. I was a little scared to try this place out based on the reviews. My husband and I are not Sushi eaters. We like only a few rolls that we know is cooked food. The server was so nice and helpful. Everyone was nice and attractive even the other patrons. The food came out quickly for us as well as the other tables around us. The fried rice was so good and tasted fresh. We tried 3 different rolls and were all wonderful. I definitely would recommendWorst ever. I travel a lot and often tray new sushi restaurants around the world. First time I've ever had a bone in thsushi. Just one of many issues with the quality of food. Ordered spicy tuna temaki, was essentially diced tuna with chili paste; couldn't eat it. How it has a rating over two stars is a puzzle.Took forever to get our food had to hunt the waitress down to order, refill, get our check and get our card back. 25 minutes to order 40 minutes for food. Food was great service was terrible.Miso soup and seaweed salad is just as good as I remembered it being. 
Tuan roll was excellent, good flavor, not too heavy, would order again
Green monster was ordered and got good marks from the gf, I'm allergic so I'll have to take her word for it. 
Father Calais was excellent. Deep fried roll with Philly cheese is the highlight with some chili sauce as kick. Good choice for the heavy roll, would order again.
Big tuna. Big to the point of being hard to eat. Great flavor but a little unwieldy. Would pick a different fresh roll next time.Food was excellent. Waitress did forget our miso soup until we reminded her but overall a great experience. The lunch boxes were a great value.I'm sitting in the restaurant. It's been an hour and still have not received not even 1 item/appetizer. I've had 2 glasses of water already. I would not return ever.Everytime me and my friends want quality sushi and great service we always come here!! The drinks are awesome and the sushi is always fresh, my pick is the salmon with truffle. Our waiter JB was nice and Courteous and willing to accommodate to my food allergies with no questions !The place is really nice and clean but I think that's the only positive thing I can say about it. Food was mediocre, service was slow, considering it wasn't busy in there. We started off with the ika fries that other yelpers raved about. This was the worst dish out of everything we had. It wasn't hot, thin to where it was mostly batter, and flavorless. It tasted like it's been sitting there for hours before it was served, in which I'm sure they make it according to order. Sushi and rolls weren't special either. Here's what really disappointed me the most, the truffle salmon. This is what I really wanted to come here for because not many Japanese restaurants in the city offer it. Looked simple. A couple of slices of fresh salmon sashimi with drizzled truffle oil on top. It actually didn't look like anything but you can sort of taste it a little. I had high expectations for this place but I'm so disappointed.Truffle Salmon! 
I mean I am a natural truffle lover in general so if you put that on anything I will most likely love! Any who, we had reservations for a group of 12 on a Sunday night, not as crowded. The area we sat at was a bit more private feeling, yet still open to the dining area. Also, the majority of the sitting is very dim and it was nice to have a bit of lighting while we ate. 
Truffle Salmon - $12 - salmon, white truffle oil, smoked salt, scallions
Nice cold, fresh with the perfect amount of truffle
Sunflower - $MP - seared tuna, spicy ponzu, tobiko, masago, scallions, and quail egg
This was plated beautifully with nice thin cuts of seared tuna! The favors were really light and refreshing.
Ika Fries - $9 - fried strips of calamari tenderloin, spicy mayo
These were really tender and crispy. 
We tried a few a few rolls, but I did not order so I can't tell you which ones I liked. Our server, I believe his name was Bryant or Bryan? He was awesome, very attentive and friendly!Sushi was decent but overpriced in our opinion. Our service was horrible. Very slow and inattentive. Will not go back.Went there after a long day of walking around NOLA. The restaurant itself if very nice. The sushi was delicious! We tried about 6 different rolls and all were great and the chef's choice nigiri plate. Excellent service!Discovered this gem because our hotel was literally steps away. The restaurant is spacious and provides plenty of seating. My friends and I stopped by 4/6 days of our New Orleans trip for their Happy Hour specials. 
HH Deals Include: 
$5 house martinis, cosmos, apple-tinis, and lemon drops; 
$4 house wine and draft beer; 
$1 selected nigiri sushi, and 
25% off all rolls that are $9 or less. 
The quality, price, and presentation is just unbeatable. Sushi was fresh, drinks were strong, and service was impeccable. Highly recommend dropping by for HH.Great atmosphere with amazing fresh food. Service was nice but had to wait (understandable because it was busy). Was able to get a table fast on a busy nice. Upstairs offers a great view for date night.BEST SUSHI I've ever had and believe me I've been to many sushi places all around the United States. This is literally the BEST SUSHI !!!  We had the black a gold (amazing), caterpillar (so good), and the ragun Cajun . YOU HAVE TO TRY THESE YOU WILL BE BLOWN AWAYReally good food, but the prices are a little steep. Location-wise that comes with the territory, so I understand that. 
The staff was very friendly and able to make good recommendations. It wasn't overly crowded at any point.
We definitely waited a long time for our drinks and food. It seemed like we would place an order and then sit there for a long while before it showed up. I can understand that with the food, but the drinks took a very long time as well.I really like this sushi restaurant. I've been twice and I really like their expansive menu. Both times I ordered the truffle salmon and that is actually why I went back the second time.
Unfortunately, the second night both me and my mom got sick after dinner so I don't think im in a rush to go back. The fish seemed fresh and we weren't sick long, but something wasn't right.This is my favorite Sushi in NOLA. The servers are attentive but not on top of you. If you sit at the sushi bar Edgar will create works of art in fish for you!I have passed this place a number of times, and wanted to go in. I finally got the opportunity to go when I recieved a gift card for this place. And I was very pleased. It's an casual sushi restaurant located on Poydras St in the same area as Smoothie King and Starbucks. 
Once you walk in the ambience is very casual to upscale, with some cool music to set the tone of your visit. Service was very fast and friendly. They put something on the table that looked like mints, but once the server poured hot water, it expanded into some moist towels. 
I went there during Happy Hour, where there sushi selection was 25% off for and sushi $9 and under. The two rolls I had were very delicious and filling. I also had some of their fried rice entree and that too was really good. The next time I come, I'm gonna try their liquor and wine selections. They were catching my eye the entire time lol.Gyoza were great, lots of flavor. The sake flight was a good idea, we both enjoyed them.
Sushi sounded interesting, looked pretty good. Mouth feel was kind of mushy, not the structured crispness good sushi rolls have. Flavors were muddled too. It wasn't bad just underwhelming.A little hard to find, but I found the sushi to be good. I recommend the Hung Lo roll. Staff was friendly an attentive. And they have weekday sushi specials!This was a great sushi restaurant food was well prepared the fish was very clean and good quality. For the money it was well worth it. My wife and I ordered three rolls and two large hot sakis and it was around $50. If you're looking to get some good quality Sushi and you're new in town great place to go. If you have a kid they do have high chairs and if they're not busy or willing to move you wherever you need to go. They do also recommend reservations we were able to make reservations for two without any problems.We have enjoyed Tsunami on three occasions and they have lots of positives.  The space is very nice, clean and an airy/open modern feel.  The hostesses are always very nice and attentive.  Our first visit we had a male server that was very nice and very accommodating, but our last two visits we had servers that visibly showed their disappointment that we were either a nuisance for being sat in their section or we weren't ordering enough for a high enough bill, and then that we were eating too slowly.  To the point that they even started clearing our table while we were still waiting for another roll to come.  The food though is fresh and tasty, so we are forgiving the rudeness.  The soy sesame vinaigrette for their salad is delicious, as is also their creamy wasabi dressing.  The grilled chicken over mixed greens is great, the chicken is deliciously seasoned and grilled perfectly.  Just wish there was more pieces to enjoy in the salad.  We've also had the munchy roll (philadelphia roll with the dorito crust), John Breaux roll, and rainbow roll.  Their entrees sound amazing, and would love to try them at some point but I can't bring myself to spend $40-$50 for an entree at a sushi place.  They should offer a lunch or tapas portion of some of their unique entrees in a more reasonable price range so that we can see what can distinguish Tsunami from all of the other sushi options in the city.  I also wish that they offered Genmaicha green tea, instead of just basic green tea.First visit, chose 3 rolls to get a general idea of what to expect. 
To give a little background, I typically do not like eel sauce and do not like the imitation grab stick in my sushi. 
Got the dynamite, jazz, and crunchy roll. 
All 3 were excellent with very fresh ingredients. 
The dynamite actually had a pretty good kick to it (nothing overwhelming, but enough to stay with you a little bit)
Overall, it is nice to have a close sushi option in the CBD again since horinoya closed its doors. The prices are a little high for some of the signature rolls, but many of the rolls are actually quite reasonable (like the dynamite for $7). 
Definitely worth trying out and it is in prime location before a night outThis is a nice sushi restaurant in New Orleans. It's moderately priced and the sushi is good but the waitress that I had was not very attentive and it took a long time for me to get my check. I could understand this if the place was crowded but the evening that I went it was practically empty. I might come back here when I return to NOLA but I cannot say for surePretty bad really unless you get sushi. Pretentious in presentation but got fried rice with chicken and it was over seasoned and didn't eat more than 10% of it, the rest of my friends got the same exact thing and they didn't eat any of it either. We would have sent it all back if it wasn't for just not wanting to deal with having to tell them how shitty it was (too time consuming)This was a fantastic break from the Bourbon Street/French Quarter chaos.  Great atmosphere, very attentive staff, excellent sushi.  So glad we stopped here for dinner tonight!Hubs and I sat at the bar and came in during the week - no wait. We ordered three rolls, including the green monster, and a sashimi dinner (or sampler, I can't remember). The bar staff was really attentive. As it was our first time there, I didn't think the rolls we had were something to remember, BUT the sashimi *love*. I'm not sure if I'd had any raw fish in NOLA that melt in your mouth fresh. Tsunami was pricey for a round of beers and dinner for two. I will take advantage of their happy hour next time though.Delicious, delicious, delicious!
Ambiance: The restaurant has a dining area and a bar area. I had gone twice and was able to experience both areas. The dining area was surrounded by sushi chefs preparing dishes, giving an authentic Japanese feel to the environment. The seating arrangement at the tables and bar were both spacious and very modern. It had a clean atmosphere and the windows facing Poydras was a nice touch to feel open. 
Food: All of the dishes I have had here has been tasty and delicious. Of notable mention are the Smoked Salt Escolar and Truffle Salmon sashimi dishes. They were both seasoned perfectly and just a great refreshing taste to the palate without being too heavy on the truffle oil. They were also accompanied by a little vegetable, cucumbers and chopped onions to lighten up the dish. I adored these two dishes. Each bite left me wanting for more. I would definitely come back just for these 2 dishes!
Service: Both the waiter and bartender were polite, professional, timely, and efficient. They provided menus and offered suggestions. 
Overall: A wonderful, little fancy place to satisfy a sashimi craving. A highly recommended location for sashimi, especially those who have an expensive taste and need for truffle oil.Overpriced sushi but it's good. The TransBestBite roll is my favorite specialty roll. The drinks are good and it is nice to take a cocktail out on the rooftop when the weather is nice.Just tried Tsunami sushi bar and restaurant at the corner of Poydras and St Charles. Fantastic! Sleek interior with happening after work bar scene. The dining area is a large space so you are not sitting on top of the next table listening to their conversation. We weren't in the mood for sushi, so we tried their selection of dinner entrees. All were hits! For dessert, our waiter urged us to try the bread pudding. I live here so I've been eating bread pudding in different forms all my life....this was truly the best I've ever had. We gave up alcohol for Lent so we didn't get to sample their huge sake offerings. I will definitely go back!Came in on a Tuesday night spontaneously to find an amazing happy hour deal with incredible service and food. Will definitely come back and would highly recommend!! Best sushi in New Orleans.Sushi is just amazing at Tsunami at all locations. We have been to one in Baton Rouge many times. This is our first visit to the Nola location and it was great. 
The layout and atmosphere of this restaurant is just so inviting. 
The service was spectacular as always. The cocktails and the sushi were tasty and so flavorable.
Amazing spot for great food.Excellent spot in the business district to get some fresh fish & lighter dishes! Safe walking distance from most of the major convention hotels & a nice respite if you wanna get away from the crowds. I had a lovely lunch at the bar mid-week & while the main dining room looked busy, they were still taking walk-ins pretty easily.Wow. Such a great place. Excellent service; the food is amazing. Eggplant toast is what we had for our dessert. 
Great salmon and sea bass. Miso soup very flavorful. Bryant was a great server. Friendly, professional, very personable. Nice ambiance.It's pretty good. The sashimi dinner is excellent, fresh fish, good choice. Some of the wacky rolls are really just mediocre. Filled with way too many ingredients and served lukewarm, unclear if it's supposed to be room temp and being served too hot, or supposed to be hot but it sat around cooling off for too long. Ordered two bottles of unfiltered sake and both were served unshaken by the waitress, leading to clear sake in the glasses and a ton of residue at the bottom of the bottle -- amateur sake mistake.It's nice to find a good sushi restaurant in the middle of NOLA. I was very impressed with their food and services, not to mention the female bartender was very cute and friendly.Round2: 
Munchy roll: basically a philly roll with Doritos crumbs sprinkled on the outside. I enjoyed it as a philly roll but he Doritos didn't really add anything aside from novelty. Would just order the philly roll next time and save $2. Maybe have them add some cucumber for crunch.
Cajun roll wasn't my favorite, but GF liked the crunchy gator. I wouldn't order that again either.
The lava roll is close to the black and gold (minus crunchies and a little smaller portion). Not a bad choice, would order again.
Fried rice is very pepper heavy. Ordered as a filler without meat. It did have lots of fresh veggies, but the pepper overpowered anything else that might have been in it. Might be better with a protein, but I would just get something else at that point. 
Didn't find any new gems on this round, but the menu is large and I like sushi so I look forward to continuing my quest next time.A little overrated. 
Was there last night. It was not bad at all but I was a little disappointed. The place is super beautiful inside. I found the menu daunting. Catchy named rolls and entrees and it was hard to discern exactly what I was ordering. I had a seared tuna appetizer that was good but not out of this world. Same with the other roll I ordered. They just did not knock my socks off. It was expensive and I felt like I was paying for the decor more than the sushi. 
As for the service, we had a polite and attentive server. She was new so gets a "get out of jail free card" for not bringing my miso soup. In fairness, I did not remind her because the rolls were so large the soup would have been over the top. That is a good thing; portions are generous. 
I'm not really banging the place, the experience was good, sushi okay, and the service fine. I just think that because of all the pomp and circumstance the meal should more memorable.so modern, fun, hot, new!! Yummy cocktails and such a huge menu with so many options!! Definitely coming backAmazing place with wonderful atmosphere. Professional wait personnel and the food is excellent. I had a sushi roll and the salmon entre...both were excellent...Tsunami is amazing!! You have to try the sushi rolls with the Doritos crumpled on top...so fun! Great atmosphere and friendly staff...definitely will be backExcellent happy hour specials. New establishment with great staff and very clean, relaxed atmosphere. Highly recommend.I've been here three times already and enjoyed every experience. Each visit had a few hits and misses, but overall this is one of my top sushi spots. Location can be sort of ducked off as it's connected to a big building and parking can be a pain so keep that in mind. 
I'll mainly focus on my visit tonight. I made a reservation for my birthday for 4, but we ended up having 5. I called and they gladly changed it and confirmed my reservation. They were very busy upon arrival. The whole restaurant was packed and if you didn't have a reservation, I'm not sure there was any open table besides maybe the bar. Our server bought out water for everyone already since one of the guest arrived first. We all got there within the next 5 minutes and ordered drinks and our food. 
Now to what we ordered, we got the snow crab salad, ika fries, spicy edamame, baked salmon. For rolls we chose spicy tuna roll, crunchy roll, rock and roll, black and gold and lastly tiger tail roll. I enjoyed the spicy edamame and baked salmon was the BEST. I wish the ika fries were fried crispier and didn't taste so much like a potato chip. Snow crab salad is average. All the rolls were good, but our fave was the black and gold! It's very rich so sharing was a good idea. I don't think I'd be able to take on a whole roll. Our server was a bit MIA. We were checked on once and that's it. Never got any water refills, no new side plates even though we were offered some after eating apps. No big deal.. I heard our server had a large party. I get when it's busy and things can get a bit overwhelming. After we waited for a while, we got the attention of a manager who helped clear our table and bought out a birthday dessert for me. Very thoughtful and tasty! It comes with vanilla mochi, some fresh fruit for garnish, chocolate writing "happy birthday" and pocky sticks. I've tried other things on the menu before and they've all been good. 
Overall, I've been well taken care of on both my birthday visits. The food is good, atmosphere is a bit upscale but still remains casual. I like how there's many unique menu items you can try. It may seem a bit pricier, but hey if I'm paying for good food why not? I'll be back and maybe tsunami may be my birthday tradition!