We stayed pretty close to this restaurant and just happened to be standing out front when, J, a very sweet employee came out to greet us. We decided to try it a couple days later and we DO NOT regret it!!  Delicious waffles, and great crab cakes, although they could have been cooked less, very good. Excellent service, very sweet staff members. All so helpful. We will return!Cute place with an incredibly kind staff. Food was delicious. Would highly recommend their fresh lemonade, potatoes and burst of berries waffle. Others in my group had the sampler and the waffle French toast.I live in the apartments next to this place, and have eaten here a couple of times (dined in and take out) and haven't been disappointed.  Everyone is very friendly, the food is good, and (at least for us) the location couldn't be better.  It's a cute little lunch spot, and I can see that they have been improving every time I come in.Waffles were so yummy; wish portions sizes were a bit bigger, but nonetheless loved my meal and service was great!Service was average, but the waffles are worth the wait. My wife had the French Toast and loved it. If they could speed things up a bit, it'd be a go to place.The name says it all.  thumbs up for an amazing twist they put into breakfast. I went in there craving The Creole Grits not realizing it was made with shrimp and I'm allergic to shellfish so there went that idea because I love grits. The owner came out to greet us & expressed her deepest apology which I told her was not her fault that I'm allergic. So I ordered the waffle bowl & my wife ordered chicken and waffles. Let me just say that the waffles were amazing, they were perfect, so tender they melted in your mouth & the chicken was bomb. She brought me a bowl of grits that let me just say were absolutely the kicker. Those were the best darn grits I have ever had. My wife and I were Truly satisfied. I did not get the owner name but I want to thank her not only for her awesome hospitality but for her amazing food. We will definitely go back to eat there next time we are in town again. Great job Twisted Waffle  Love Ca CoupleIt took the staff 40 minutes to get a salad and a sandwich for a to go order. This place was not busy, the staff just has zero time awareness or customer courtesy. I would have been better off driving to Walmart, buying all the ingredients, and making the meal myself.The service wasn't up to par but it was only like two servers on a Saturday. On the other hand my food was amazingThis place is amazing. The food quality and service were impeccable. We shared the Creole Grits and the Maple Bacon Waffle. Going home with happy, full bellies!!!The food was o.k. The prices were on high side for venue and type of food. The portion sizes were ridiculously small. Our entire family left hungry including one child who is a light eater and never finishes his meal. There are two excellent breakfast and lunch places close by on Magazine Street, Satsuma and Surreys that offer better food, good portion sizes, and a much better value. Overall we felt cheated at the completion of our meal. We won't be returning.This place was amazing! Their waffles are divine and the chicken is delicious! The flavor combinations will wow you. The maple glazed bacon twisted waffle was awesome. We also got a waffle bowl, the French toast waffles and the berry waffles which were all just fabulous!We went opening weekend, there were some expected kinks to work out, so we waited and decided to give them another try today. BIG MISTAKE. We were the only ones there aside from staff. Promptly greeted, seated, and orders were taken, it seemed we were off to a good start. Then the food started to come, but only a couple of people got some of their food (we were a table of 5, 1 got their order, 1 was missing their side) We encouraged them to start eating so their food would not get cold, but it took a good 5 minutes longer for them to bring the next person's food, which arrived without the lemon curd that was a key component of the lemon drop waffle. They rectified this once it was pointed out, but also had not brought out the accompanying side. By the time the last 2 people were served, half the table had finished eating, and the first person who was served and finished was now brought their side. The biscuit and gravy order that was one of the last to come out was completely burnt on the bottom, and the person who ordered it did not eat it. We had to ask for beverage refills, in mid-meal, and rather than check to see if everyone needed refills, only 2 people were given refills. Again, we were the only ones in there eating. So there are definite problems in the kitchen having to do with timing, making sure dishes are sent out with proper ingredients, and making sure they don't send out burnt food covered by gravy. The service while friendly was not attentive considering the only people eating there had empty beverages, and a dish not eaten. The prices are not cheap, we gave them 2 tries, but this is not baseball, so we are not giving them another chance. Two strikes is enough for us to say You Are Out!!Twisted Waffles: So we made a resi because we had a table of 7. 4 adults and 3 kids, the place is not that large and they are social distancing. Our waitress was nice and very accommodating. We ordered the chicken and waffles, a sampler platter, shrimp and grits(not my fav), and some Cookie Monster waffles. 
Pros: besides the shrimp and grits( and it could just be my taste buds, because i didn't like the roux) the food was quite delicious. Seasoned to perfection, or just enough sweet. Wait staff was nice.
Cons: the wait time for food. It was more than an hour before we got our food, from the time we ordered. Resi was at 1030, we didn't leave until almost 1 or later. The table next to us just left. We gave them a very extended time before we asked about it, once we asked about she said it was the next order up. Not sure if we should have asked sooner or it was just that slow. I also saw a lot of to go orders being serviced. (Not sure if this slows down the in costumer orders.) 
Overall I would try again. Because the food was really good. The potatoes and the chicken and waffles, but i would come with plenty of patient again.I went back with family... but as impressive as it was the first time. My eggs lacked flavor and my grits... not shown were very over salted. Mostly everything else was good, but those salty grits were disappointing,I love the fact this is a family owned restaurant and if it wasn't for our sweet waitress, I'd give it 3 stars.  I went with my two sisters and we ordered food that took almost an hour to come out. It seemed as if they were cooking one dish at a time. There was no silverware on the table, no napkins and the young waitress never checked up on us after receiving our food. My sister ordered the chicken and waffles which actually was very good. I ordered the shrimp and grits, the grits were clumpy and kind of hard but the sauce in the bowl covered it up. The shrimp was overcooked, and the waffle biscuits are actually very good but a bit dry.Delicious breakfast spot! It's not too pricey and a good location away from the tourists. It's usually not too busy so you can zip right in and get your food hot and fresh.If you are looking for a breakfast spot that has you waiting an hour and 20 minutes to be seated a s another hour for your order then this is the place for you. The host was very nonchalant and had no care in the world for the customers.
Despite there being 5 empty tables we still had to wait an hour and a half. I stayed due to it being a small black business but this is one of the reasons many small black businesses fail. The food however was really good. I hope they work on their customer service.We had the waffle breakfast sandwich and the chicken and waffles. The waffles were soft and fluffy and the chicken was juicy and flavorful! They have the tables spread out for social distancing and they limit the amount of people inside the restaurant. The staff were friendly and helpful and there's plenty of street parking.Only giving 1 because I can't leave 0! Wish I had a chance to taste..came all the way from Dallas just to show up and leave with nothing. The hostess was very rude! After waiting over an hr our party was still not seated even though there were open tables. Multiple large parties left and we even opted to split our party between two tables yet we still waited for an hr. I'll be spreading the word that this place does not care about losing business.What a great discovery!  There were four of us and we all loved everything we ordered.  Strongly recommend the waffle bowl.There's indoor and outdoor seating. Food took a little while to be served. They did apologize. I had the chicken and waffles with a side of grits.This was our first time visiting and it was AMAZING!! I had the maple cream bacon waffle. So so good. The beat waffle I've ever had. My friend had the it's peachy waffle and he enjoyed it as well. The service was excellent also. We had to compliment the cooks to let them know how pleased we were. We will definitely be going back.Food is ok, interior is 3/5. Was decent but wouldn't come here again. Felt like I'm not in the good neighborhood.NOLA experience- The food is AMAZING! I enjoyed it with my girls for brunch & we didn't regret it. I love the BYOB; we brought our champagne and enjoyed mimosas. 
The only caveat is the wait ... I don't understand what's the point of making a reservation if you won't get seated until nearly 30 minutes later. There were available tables the entire time I waited and I didn't get seated. I made a 12:30pm reservation at 9:00am, arrived at 12:18pm, and I was still waiting at 1:00pm. They need to hire more staff to make up for the slack in service. The hostess was clearing tables and was gone from the stand for a while as potential customers came and left.I had it's peachy. Which is Warmed peaches with cream. And caramel with granola. Textures were great. Very hearty breakfast, wish I was in town longer to sample more of the menu. Menu was fair price and it's a nice restaurant inside and out. 
Server was very nice and helpful and we Erving inquiries about the menu. Definitely won't be disappointed for some breakfast food going there. 
Walking distance from st charles street car. Gotta get those steps inAmazingly Delicious . The was fresh, tasty and completely New Orleans favored. I had the Creole Grits and waffles. The cheese waffles literally melted in mouth. Parking was easy.The food was great, the music was great, the waitress was super nice! I got a wafflewich and my husband got the shrimp and grits and they both were great! My daughter (2) got the chicken and waffle from the kids menu and while she didn't eat it, I took it with us and y'all. that chicken is SO GOOD. it was dead while we were there (a little after lunchtime
on Friday) but I overheard the owner or manager say that on Saturday and Sunday they have 1-2 hour waits so if you plan on going then, plan ahead! Definitely worth it.So, the wait staff was below average to average. It took us 30 min to even get acknowledged once we got to the table. HOWEVER, the FOOD was AMAZING! The Reese's waffle is so fantastic! The Creole grits are phenomenal! Everyone enjoyed their food! I would definitely come here again! Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the service. Food is great!Dope restaurant, very good service.  We both wound up enjoying our meals and plan on visiting again.Make sure you have all day if you come here. It's definitely not a fast process at Twisted Waffles. The Waffle Bowl was decent, I got it with bacon and the bacon was slightly undercooked for my liking but still edible. I'm sure there is much better in the area.I love Twisted Waffles! I have been here twice. I love their waffles and coffee. Also, the staff is very nice. I loved our waiter Eric. He was literally the best!Waited 10 minutes to get drunk and be asked what i wanted to order. Waited over an hour for my food to come out wrong. Refill took 10 min+. Place is ridiculousWe are from Seattle and were on our last day in New Orleans. We spent 4 days here tasting amazing food, but this place out did them all. We found them on accident through Google, but I sure am glad we did. They are a little off the grid from downtown, but worth the drive (6 minutes).
They are family owned. Everyone was just as amazing as their food. 
The food was hot and tasted like heaven in my mouth. This is a must go place to add to a your future trips to New Orleans. If you are from here, and you have not experienced their food you are missing out.This was the best chicken n waffles I've ever had! The portions were nice, the chicken breast was cooked to perfection, and the fruit toppings were very fresh.I arrived in the morning choose to sit outside, just make sure to ask them to clean the table a couple of sugar ants prolly due to sweetness of plates. The wait is a lil bit but it's understandable due to COVID they are understaff. Waited a lil under an hour for our food. Due to those two cost them first star to my review. But when food came it was delicious so can't be to bum about the wait time. But I recommend to get the burst of berries for best flavor super yummy. The bowl was good but having  a taste of the burst of berries made me regret my choice lol if I could give it 4.5 I would thank you for your friendly service.The food here was nothing less than amazing. Everything me and my boyfriend ordered was on point. The waffle bowl was amazing. We got it fully loaded with crab meat and it was thebomb.com. I could have used a little picante sauce because it as a little dry, but the flavor was so great that i didn't really need to add anything. The berry waffle and French toast waffles were good you didn't need to add syrup. The shrimp and grits.........baaaaaby i could have eaten one spoonful and been satisfied. They were the best flavor and texture I've ever tasted when it comes to shrimp and grits. The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because the service was very slow. We dined in, there were only 3 tables being occupied but it took almost an hour for us to get our food. The food was so great i will return, but it looks like you get your food faster if you order to go.YUMMY! I got the French toast, scrambled eggs topped with shrimp and lumped crab (this is not a menu item, but they'll let you add it on). I enjoyed every bite of the food! Here's the kicker, fresh squeezed homemade strawberry lemonade! You don't find fresh squeezed lemonade often! So when I tasted it the kid came out of me! Every sip was refreshing. You'll enjoy Twisted Waffles for sure!Family owned Small Business!!!! Maple Bacon Waffles with fried chicken was amazing and tasty. Shrimp and grits were real good. We walked from the Hilton Garden Inn. We felt safe eating here. Tables are spaced and it's very clean. Support this Mamas business, she can cook.This was an amazing dining experience! The food was absolutely delicious! I wish I could show the plates at the end. The potatoes were seasoned to perfection, not too salty. The eggs were great. I didn't have to add any additional salt or pepper. And the waffle... OMG... the waffle! The waffle has a wonderful vanilla flavor and it was topped with peaches, granola, and whipped cream. Our server was only on her second day, but she was sweet and very good. I will definitely be returning!First time in NOLA and found out about this Black-owned breakfast and lunch spot in the 3rd Ward. It's a specialty waffle house with homestyle cooking. I had the "It's Peachy" waffle. The batter is fluffy and the peaches are warm and sweet with a hint of nutmeg. And that touch of roasted granola on top adds the perfect crunch!Nothing spectacular. Food decent but service horrible! Too many other choices in the area.We were in New Orleans for a volleyball tournament and wanted to grab breakfast here.  We decided with the wait we were just going to order take out.  Took us a over an hour to get out to go order.  They said it would be 30 minutes.  We came back at 30 minutes it get our order and a family just sat down and ordered and got their food before we got our to go order.  Service was for sure lacking.  We will for sure check this off our list of ever coming back again.  Would not recommend.  I don't think their food would make up for the service.  Would not recommend.WORTH THE WAIT FOR A TABLE! If there is a wait time for a table, don't let that put you off, it is completely worth it. We waited 45 minutes last Saturday but once we sat down we were not disappointed. Our server Myesha, was so kind and engaging.  She recommended the Wafflewich which is essentially an egg, cheese and bacon sandwich with waffles instead of bread. We added grits and they were so flavorful and creamy, not bland and mushy at all. Twisted Waffles is very COVID conscious which I appreciate because you immediately feel comfortable and can truly enjoy your time inside the restaurant. It is a family owned restaurant with first rate service and food. Going forward this will be my go to breakfast spot whenever I'm in NOLA!Food was ok. Service was horrible. Waited 2 hours just to be seated at a nasty table, and had to wait another 2 hours to eat. Waitresses had the nerve to get attitudes with us. Probably will never come here again .Went here on Sunday and honestly the food I had was good but we got there at 1030 and breakfast(we found out) ended at 11. The waitress took our drink orders as soon as we sat down but was dangerously close to breakfast being over before she took our order, the food came out an hour later and the chicken and waffles was a very small order but somehow more expensive than the waffle I ordered. It wasn't much but cost $14.....the place is newly opened and have kinks to work out so that's why they got the 3 stars from me. If you have a few hours to blow I say go for it because the food was good especially the waffle bowl.The staff does not know the entire menu... They can only recommend a few of the things that they have personally tried. The Italian drizzle on the caprese waffle turned out to be a river of Italian dressing which made it awful. No one is ever in here and there is always smoke from the cooking so the ventilation is not correct. The staff is nice but they don't know what's in half of the waffles. They also don't advertise themselves as having a full coffee house menu which they do. Everything is tableservice and some people just want to get a cup of coffee and go.I am soooooooo glad I ordered! This was one of the most delicious breakfast spots I've experienced. After hearing and experiencing the possible wait issues. We decided to order takeout. We used the company's website which was very easy and simple. 
I ordered the Maple Bacon Waffle with a side of potatoes. I was blown away at how flavorful the potatoes were. The waffle was very good along with the sauce and candied bacon on top! Whew I ate it up! We also ordered the French Toast waffle with fresh fruit and a side of bacon. It was all very good. I can't wait to go back and try the waffle bowl and Chicken and Waffle. 
When I went in to pick up the food the staff greeted me and they were very pleasant and polite. 
I highly recommend everyone try them!This was my first dining experience @ Twisted Waffles and most likely my last!  We booked a reservation for 5 @ 11:30 a.m.  We still were pm a wait list since they were busy.  We were not seated until 12:45 p.m.!  After being seated and our selections ordered it took 40+ minutes for our orders to arrive!  I purposely didn't eat not expecting to eat @ 1:30 p.m.  Pictured is my Chicken & Waffles.  I was a little disappointed with the portion (note the pic is a small oval plate). The waffle was fine but the chicken lacked seasonging! I reviewed the menu on Google in advance and was excited then discovered these were from pre-COVID-19 so the selections are slim and nothing like the pics!  The Vanilla Latte was perfect.  The restaurant is small and with service being so slow plan to be here a while!  The servers have no sense of urgency serving one completed entree at a time!  The ventilation system is totally low and stuffy.  We left smelling like food and greaseWaited over an hour for a to-go order that I ultimately canceled due to the wait. There must have been 20+ people either seated or also waiting for takeout -- not a single plate of food on any table the entire time I was there waiting (from 11-1230 on a Sunday). Everyone else was waiting for just as long, if not longer, than myself (and visibly frustrated). 
The staff were friendly, it just felt like the restaurant was in over its head and extremely disorganized as a whole. There wasn't much sense of urgency among the staff (including the manager) even though multiple complaints and refunds were being made. 
It was a disappointing experience because the place and its menu look great.As soon as we walked in we got greeted right away, Super friendly and professional atmosphere. Didn't get a chance to take a photo of the banana nut waffle, it was that good! Got the simple breakfast and it was delicious! Love their creativeness in biscuits, too cute! Definitely coming back!The food is awesome! The service is great. The whole atmosphere is welcoming. The staff greet you with warning smiles and hospitality. The must try is the fruity pebblets waffle. They allowed me to personalize it as a chicken and waffle plate and I must say it was the best tasting thing I have ever had. My husband had the waffled French toast and can't stop raving about it! It's a new establishment and a MUST TRY! Also the vanilla latte was from the gods. The hands of the kitchen staff are truly blessed!My friend and I had a chance to patronize this black owned business and the food was absolutely delicious. I have never tasted a waffle this soft in my life! And the shrimp and grits were good also just wished they were a little bigger in size. Overall very friendly staff and hardly any wait upon entry. We will definitely be back!This establishment has the best Chicken and Waffles and I am so happy that I found this place. I live right next to the place and decided to take my parents over to this place. They loved it too. They live across the country and keep raving about that chicken I swear to god. THEY LOVE IT.The food was amazing!!! Everything.... the waffles ... the chicken.... the strawberry lemonade... everything was delicious!!!!food= amazing
waitress= amazing
environment = amazing
20/10 will definitely come back even if it means crossing the bridge.Y'all know what today is???  
It's BOF! Black Owned Friday!!! 
Ok so let's get right into it. 
Ever had your mouth set for a certain type of waffle, but not sure where you can get it?  Well guess what, @twistedwaffles has it! 
They have savory and sweet options. Like a nice egg, cheese and bacon waffle bowl or shrimp  and grits with waffle biscuits, and of course my fav, and the classic fried chicken and waffles. 
 But here's the best part, you can even get a custom waffle TWISTED your way!! I ordered a peachy  waffle, maple cream bacon  waffle, and even tried the French toast waffles. And they offer soooo much more! 
 They have great options for kids too! Khi asked for a Fruity Pebbles waffle and my little sister order crazy banana  ! 
 Breakfast isn't complete without the sides and those are great too, such as bacon, potato hash, eggs and all you breakfast faves! 
 Bit of advice, make sure you get there a little early otherwise there will be a bit of a wait! 
My overall ratingMy husband and I stopped in on a bit of a risk not knowing what to expect. We are so glad we did. We were seated quickly and our waitress, Maisha, waited on us wonderfully. 
Get the hazelnut iced coffee!! Also don't be afraid to twist a chicken and waffle! The food was definitely cooked with love and it feels good to support local business. 
We will be returning!!Amazing family owned biz. Food amazing  Service even better!I have never been to a more poorly managed restaurant in my life.  I have worked in restaurants for 6 years, and I can't imagine working for such a horrible, un organized manager.  We were told there would be a 20 min wait which wasn't a problem.  We ended up waiting for close to an hour, and figured it was due to understaffing, which i think was the case, so still understandable.  When we were finally sat we noticed there were 11 open tables, and a fully open bar with still a full waiting room of people.  There were 3-4 servers, the manager, the hostess and someone behind the bar handling the drinks and the only people who looked like they were actually working were our server, and the hostess.  The manager was standing around doing absolutely nothing, but taking a few plates to tables as slow as humanly possible.  We finally ordered our food and waited for another 30 min, they forgot to make my friends waffle and the manager didn't say or do anything about it.  Our waitress told me she was trying to get stuff taken off our check because we were very unhappy, to me that means she was trying to get her manager to approve of removing item from our check, and she never did.  Once the table was done eating my friend finally got her waffle and had about two bites of it because the whole experience had been so frustrating at this point.  Our server was very nice, and very apologetic, it was obvious there was nothing she was allowed to do to help us.  So we get our check and nothing is taken off, and the manger still never came to the table.  The only reason I'm giving the two stars is because the food was very good, and our server did a great job.  If you here you will have a good meal, but honestly it isn't worth the time and other bad experiencesHad breakfast here on Sunday!! All I can say is the food was HEAVENLY!! We had a wait....but honey it was so worth it!! I will certainly eat here again on my next trip to NOLA!!Great place for breakfast. The food was excellent and service was prompt and friendly. The eggs, bacon and grits were delicious!So disappointed in the service. Waited 20 minutes to place drink orders and a hour for food. The food was good but the service was awful.It was so good that I wanted to give them 100000835 stars.
Our favorite place for breakfast in New Orleans and exceptional service!Came with a group of 8 last Saturday. Waited over 2 hours for a table. The staff was less than happy to serve us. Quite a few of us had the French toast waffle. It was just okay. They were small and the bottom of mine was burnt. The creole grits was really good. The breakfast potatoes were a hit as well.The food was DELICIOUS all caps it's worth it only thing I hate about it is it's only open on the weekends I give that business all credit their very friendly and respectful people polite toGreat place and good vibes! One of those hole in walls restraint with amazing food. Me and my husband went for brunch on a Saturday. A little bit of a wait but great food and wonderful service!!Pros: The food-was tasty and it came out hot. Cons: front house staff is too young and not trained to do customer service. They were not rude but they were not attentive. The entire place smelled like grease which forced us to eat out sides. Again the food was good but out waitress never checked on us, we had to catch anyone walking pass to ask fir napkins, water, syrup. I would go back but maybe a to-go order.I've been wanting to try this spot but they're only opened on weekends so I was finally able to go! There was a really long wait and we ended up eating outside after about an hour. There were no fans so it was HOT! But the server was so sweet and we found out she was actually one of the owners! This is a black owned mother and daughter business! So exciting! She was so attentive and really made a great impression! The food was delicious! I ordered the chicken and waffles twisted up with the banana caramel option! I also had the grits which were creamy and delicious. I will definitely be going back or even trying takeout! Support black business! My friend had the chicken and waffles with chipotle chili and it was sooo good! I was even dipping my food into her sauce!If you want a fantastic waffle and homey atmosphere, then you should definitely check this place out! We placed our order and received our food in a timely fashion. Our server was also the owner. And let me tell you, I'm not sure which was sweeter. Our waffles or herself. Y'all!! I will definitely be coming bck because my guy also ordered the chicken and waffles. OMG!! The seasoning was spot on!  We couldn't eat all of our portion so we took the last of the chicken and piece of waffle to go. I had it during the Mardi Gras parade. Lol. Even great cold!  Hands down this should be on your food tour of New Orleans. And I'm a local!I will never again go to Twisted waffles! You try to support businesses and you get service like this!! First it's hot in the restaurant, they use portable air, we waited a whole hour for 2 waffles one twisted one with chicken and a sampler. Two tables right next to us ordered chicken and waffles and received their food! One of the tables ordered 30 minutes after us!! Then when I complained to the lady at the front door who seemed to be running the restaurant she argued with me saying,  they do smaller orders first!! So I guess we're supposed to just wait 2 hours for a freaking waffle?? We got up to leave and she let us too, so much for customer satisfaction! Never again!The food was awesome, the waffle bowl and caramel apple were to die for....Diamond was a great hostess. I will be backAmazing food at a nice price ordered the Oreo Cookie Monster waffles and they were flawless. Definitely will be returning my next visit !Fantastic food, incredible service (Shout out to Diamond) and clean. Definitely will be back when I'm in the cityFood was amazing prices was great Me and my girlfriends enjoyed brunch and our experience was amazing the twisted waffle is a go to anytime in in NolaMy first visit at Twisted Waffle was amazing.  I ordered the sampler, was skeptical about ordering the grits at first but to no avail I ordered and was impressed.  The waffle biscuit which at first I thought was a waffle and just thought they messed my order up, was awesome.  The service and ambiance was on point. Oh I almost forgot,  I love the way the food came out as it was cooked instead of waiting for the entire table food to be ready, which mean our food was hot upon arrival.This was an adorable little restaurant that my friends and I found this morning! We all ordered the same thing, with a different protein, but were all EXTREMELY satisfied with the meal! Tasty, well prepared, and quick- plus it was a waffle bowl, which was quite literally a waffle in a bowl shape with scrambled eggs and Fixings like cheese and peppers inside (the most perfect combo of sweet breakfast food with savory eggs!, what I am always searching for when I go out for breakfast) Service was impeccable, the waitress was so attentive to our needs and checked in to make sure we had what we needed without being overbearing, great great job! I highly recommend this as a place to go for breakfast, tasty and affordableGreat food and experience. Love the place. Great for breakfast anytime. I highly recommend. We had waffle sandwiches, waffle bowls, and the turtle waffle. Grits were creamy.Woooo, let the New Orleans food adventures begin!! First stop: breakfast! We did this one as takeout since we didn't want to wait. You can order online and pick up in 20 minutes, super convenient.
I had the Waffle Bowl which was delicious! The eggs were cooked well, the cheese was ooey gooey, and the flavors were on point. I'm not a huge sweet dish person and found the waffle distracting. It also didn't seem like anything special, was very soft from the moisture from the eggs and didn't have any type of unique flavor or even good texture. I just enjoyed the eggs.
Also tried bites of the Burst of Berries Waffle and Waffled French Toast. All tasty, but both a little too sweet for me and it didn't seem like anything out of the ordinary. Maybe I've been spoiled by more authentic Belgian waffles, but didn't feel like the waffles here were Belgian. But I would definitely eat here again, especially for the Waffle Bowl, just wouldn't add it to the must have list for waffle enthusiasts.The service was perfect and the food is to die for. My waffle bowl was so good. The location was good. The owner can out to greet us and to make sure everything was good.Why...how?  Waffle is literally the name of the place and it is one of the worst waffles I have ever eaten.   Damn, I was so excited.  This is a frachise too?  I'm so confused.    I really want this place to be good... The staff is nice but I wouldn't be surprised if the place doesn't last