I love love this place! Fresh squeezed orange juice, the BEST rye bread ever and shall I mention the creamy grits are amazing! The breakfast is always fresh! This is definitely my favorite breakfast place in Nola! I look forward to eating here...they play the best music and the decor is so cheery!Love this place! Juice was amazing- got the Iron Chick and Refuel. Chia pudding and grits were also delish! Great place if you are seeking gluten free...and also if you're not!We ate here twice when we were visiting New Orleans because we liked it so much. 
It's a friendly little café good food and good prices. Portions are quite large. I was not able to finish my meal. But it was delicious! 
I would definitely check this place out if you're in the area!By far the best French toast I've ever had.  The service was great too.  Not very crowded either for a Sunday morning.I'll admit, this wasn't my first choice.  When I travel work or pleasure, I frequently rely on restaurants that tend to have a large following with good reviews.  This place didn't have that, only because it's a new location.  However, their sister property does have a number of 4- and 5-Star reviews.  This place is solid!  The staff is very friendly and attentive, and the actual dining area is very homey/cozy.  That's not a nice way of saying tiny or crammed, it just has that hometown feel.  There wasn't anything on the breakfast menu that really gave me the "Only in New Orleans" or southern feel, but since we got there around 11 am, the lunch menu was also in effect.  The Cajun Sandwich was screaming my name.  With andouille sausage, a thick slice of smoked Gouda cheese, creole mustard, and sliced pickles on a ciabatta role, this sandwich more than satisfied my craving.  Two friends that accompanied me got a shrimp Po-Boy and chicken sandwich, which they also rated very well.  I also experienced my first mimosa with grapefruit juice, which was pretty amazing.  Bottom line, get your ass in there and try pretty much anything, with the grapefruit juice mimosa.4.5 solid stars.  Really great breakfast spot in the CBD.  Had the basic breakfast with eggs, bacon and potatoes.  The potatoes were the clear winner today.  Good bacon, eggs with the breakfast potatoes extra flavorful and good.  Service was very friendly and helpful but a little spotty - coffee/water refills but overall a really great space and place to start the day.Food was delicious and quick ! Creamy grits were amazing !! Service was great. Definitely check Two Chicks Cafe out!All of the waitstaff and owners were very welcoming!! Their menu is super affordable ,healthy, and delicious!! You have to visit when you are in town!Had a smoothie (which was very good), created my own omelet, fruit, and coffee. It was all very good as was the service. Would definitely come back again next time I'm in town!Two Chicks is a cozy spot with great food. They don't take reservations but we didn't have to wait long to be seated. I had French toast, two scrambled eggs and a side of bacon. The food was delicious. The French toast was topped with some form of Frosted Flakes with adds a crunchy twist. I also got a fresh juice drink with apple, ginger and grapefruit. It was also good. The spot could have been a little cleaner but it was not so bad that I won't come back. The waitress was attentive and returned several times to check on us and removed dishes as we completed our meal. Thumbs up overall.This place was so good! The shrimp were and grits were so good and big portion! The grits were so creamy and the shrimp had great flavor ... a little sweeter than I like. I had he green blast and that was also yum great blend of flavors! I will be back! My boyfriend had an omelette and grits! He loved it!Delicious!  $30 for two breakfasts with coffees and a side of savory andouille sausage - which I would recommend!  
I also had to stray from my low carb diet to indulge in their creamy grits - sooo good. Overall, everything else was simple and not over the top - decor, service, menu, etc. I'd recommend this spot.Great place for wholesome fresh food. Nice to have fresh juiced veggies and fruit with a large bacon and smoked gouda omelet. Quick service and quick food. In all the heavy drinking and food it's nice to have something healthier and fresh. Good service with sweet terms of endearment. Nice aesthetics. The turkey and goat cheese crêpe was great and gluten free.Super adorable spot with friendly staff and good food. Getting fresh orange juice is a real treat and they have a lineup of other juices and smoothies. The decor inside is bright and cheerful. We did breakfast but lunch options were available. Traditional American fare was on the menu with embellishments such as fresh chia pudding.Very cozy place.delicious food and very nice staff will be back soon! Recommend for everyone who is visiting new orleansThe food was really filling and good! We got a chicken panini and a hatcherie sandwich and both of them were really tasty. The restaurant vibe was also great and the food tasted healthy. We felt comfortable in our space and didn't smell food from other tables, which is a put off for me.
We also called for a pancake which was very soft and tasted amazing. It was perfectly heated and correctly textured without being too filling.
They did mix up a smoothie order, and their strawberry banana orange smoothie lacked banana flavour.Yum, yum, yum! This cafe is outstanding! We stumbled across it on our first day in town and absolutely loved it! We had a great lunch (I had the quinoa /shrimp salad) and I had to return the next morning for smoothies after my morning run! I wanted to eat here one more time but time didn't permit! I'll be back  great friendly service too and so many healthy food choices, which isn't easy to find in NOLA!This is an amazing little place. The under the sea omelette was packed with a great amount of crab and shrimp. The Hatchery was full of tasty flavorsI came in looking for gluten-free options and unfortunately not a lot to be found - omelettes, crepes, a chia pudding, and salads.  The seafood crepe was delicious, coffee was fresh and hot, and yummy Bloody Mary.Wonderful, fresh food and juice for breakfast. Delightful decor. Friendly staff. Will absolutely be back.My husband and I enjoyed a delicious  and hearty breakfast while visiting  New Orleans  this week.  
We were in the mood for omelettes and chose the option of designing our own.  I chose andoulle sausage, mushrooms and gruyere  cheese for mine and it was delicious!  My husband chose spinach and andoulle sausage.   The plates came out with  beautiful and delicious omelettes.  We chose the rye toast, fresh fruit and grits as our sides.  The omelettes were large enough  that we really  could have shared.  The rye toast was  unusual for us but delicious.   The fruit, strawberries  and bananas,  were perfectly  fresh.  As a home cook, I understand how tricky it can be to get the seasoning and thickness of grits just right and Two Chicks got this exactly  right.  Overall,  every item was seasoned  correctly so that we didn't  need any of the bountiful condiments available  to us at the table.
And lastly, the service was friendly and on point.Great spot for Breakfast around the corner from the NOPSI Hotel. French toast was excellent. Service was really good.In town for a visit, this place was right behind our hotel, so convenient to walk in
I probably cant say enough good things ab this place. Waitresses are on point, attentive, respectful. Food is SO TASTY and portions are perfect. Also, unlike most brunch places, there are many healthy options (veggie, gluten free, egg whites, fruit smoothies). The look is very comfortable, not too loud. I really wish there was a place like this back home.They are out of cream at a breakfast place.  Then I asked if they had whipping cream; said yes... and still charged me for two coffees at $2.50 a piece.  I thought that was pretty bad.  The services wasn't amazon either.This is an adorable little cafe with a great menu!  I had the crab cake Benedict and my friend had the BBQ shrimp and grits.  Their grits are wonderful and creamy and the crab cake was delish!  They place the crab cakes and perfectly poached eggs on a croissant and topped it with a slightly spicy hollandaise.  It was perfect for me!  My friend said her shrimp and grits were amazing.  The service was friendly and the music they were playing was great.  Definite go!!!Great breakfast!! Seafood Omelette was delicious. Fluffy eggs, fresh plump shrimp, crab and Brie! French Toast made with vanilla rum and cornflakes so delicious!!
Great coffee! Great service!Great prices & simple, comfortable dining in an era of faux-sleek bloated brunch spots posing as high brow hipster havens. Healthy choices, pleasant staff, and a calm atmosphere gave me a chance to enjoy my food & my break from the city outside.Went here this morning and had the Kickin' Chicken Omelet. It was probably the best omelet I ever had!! They also have fresh juices. I had the Iron Chick. It consisted of beet, ginger, orange, carrots and apple. The girl made fresh in front of me.Breakfast is not the most important meal to me but Two Chicks was the best.  Wish they were open for dinner.No idea where the 5 stars come from, all 4 of us were so disappointed in our meals and out of the 4 days in Nola this was our least favorite breakfast. 1. You can only order breakfast before 11 which was not what some of us wanted. 2. Coffee was good but came in really small cups and basically had to beg for refills. 3. I say that because our waitress was eating with 2 other coworkers the entire time we were there. 4. Ice ice cold potatoes. All 4 of us ordered them and they were cold and slimy. 5. Bacon was basically not cooked and all fat. 6. Food itself was bland and just not something I would ever return for especially for the prices!!. We got the seafood omelet, build your own and pancakes. Just wasn't good. It looked good but just wasn't. 
Like I said the coffee itself was good and she gave us to go waters which was only reason I didn't give 1 star. This place came highly recommended and we just all wish we skipped it and saved ourselves 100 bucks.Cutest place for breakfast! We are there about 4 times during out stay in NOLA. Very friendly staff, delicious food. The cheesy grits was amazing.  Very little wait in comparison to The Ruby Slipper. A must try.Stopped in for breakfast/lunch on a Saturday. Place was busy but we only waited about 2-3 minutes. Wait staff was friendly and we never had empty glasses of water or coffee even though the restaurant was full. Food came out quick and hot, I had the chicken club sandwhich and my gf had the turkey crepe. Both dishes had great slices of meat that were cooked really well, not your standard thin deli sliced meat. I thought the sandwhich was awesome and she really liked her crepe as well. One thing that was small yet surprising was the fruit cup which incidentally prompted my gf to make me write this review. They didn't put any of those filler fruits (cantaloupe, melons, etc) in it, which I don't think I've ever had at a restaurant. Honestly I'm not sure why I have eaten at places like Reuben's or welty's when I worked in the CBD as this place was right around the corner the whole time. Prices were equivalent, maybe even more affordable, but most importantly I think my sandwhich was 10x better than anything I've gotten at those other places. Overall, it was a really great meal and pretty affordable at that. We will be returning to this spot for sure.I had the crab cake benedict on my first visit. The poached eggs were good, the roasted potatoes did not taste as fresh, portion sizes were below what I expected at their price. I thought the service was good, nothing wowed me from overall--three stars.The food is not anything you've never had before but it was very good!! I had the cafe breakfast which includes your typical eggs, choice of meat, potatoes, fruits or grits. The grits were yummy here. I had to add some salt and pepper to my eggs but that's not uncommon. The basil cucumber lemonade was so refreshing with just the right amount of sweetness. My cousin ordered the chicken panini and the other ordered the cajun sandwich. I had a bite of both and they were amazing. I was tempted to order my own chicken panini sandwich. Go check this place out. Again, the menu is your typical breakfast food but they just make really good food. I'd say try the Chicken Panini sandwich!Such a cute little cafe in the business district! Perfect for breakfast, brunch or lunch! So much personality in the decor and the menu items! Love the French toast battered with cornflakes soaked in vanilla rum and the buckwheat crepes. Pancakes so fluffy and fresh ingredients and juices!The place has a bit of a wait time and the service is good. The Barnyard Eggwich is a delight! It's melt in your mouth deliciousness. Their pancakes were also good but let me not forget about those delicious grits! A friend who was with me ordered eggs over easy and put them on top of her grits!Cute cafe with healthy breakfast alternatives.  Had a strawberry smoothie (pictured)- it was pretty bland.  Got the crab cake benedict and added some veggies.  There was too much spicy hollandaise for my liking- should have had it on the side.  But putting an eggs benedict on a croissant was amazing- much better than a soggy eng muffin.  Cute clean restaurant, plenty of seating on a Sunday morning.Came in for brunch and wow!! Great service, great food and the ambience is amazing! They have fresh squeezed juices and a unique menu. I had a Bloody Mary and it was so tasty.  Definitely recommend this wonderful place!Found this gem while staying for the 2020 College Football National Championship Weekend.  Probably the best French toast I've ever had in my life.  The staff and service was fabulous.  We will definitely keep this place in our radar for future visits.CoZy little spot. Great staff and great food! So far i've come back every morning to have breakfast. French toast were awesome. Crab eggs benedict also awesome as well as the turkey crepes. Will be back here tomorrow for breakfast. This place i promise won't disappoint!Went here twice while in New Orleans (Gravier Location) great food and service. Yummy juices too. I'd recommend highly!!This place is by far a gem you need to go to. I'm sure during busy hours you might have to wait but it is so worth it. The food was amazing as well as the wonderful service. The ambience makes you feel at home.If I could give no stars I would. We visited this morning (6/9/19). The wait was super short. We were sat and two other tables were sat at the same time. The other tables all were greeted, had drinks and had ordered their food. We waited more than 7 minutes until l went to the hostess to ask for service. After a few more minutes, a waitress brought water and took our order. We also ordered sodas. Another long wait ensued with no drinks. All the other reviews were awesome which is why we came across the city to try it. Be warned.My food was so good, that I'm still sitting at the table to leave this review while my wife finishes her meal. I got the eggwich with goat cheese, tomatoes, and spinach with bacon in the side, plus the Refuel juice. I literally cannot sing their praises high enough. Excellent, very friendly staff, and cute cute cute decor. Very clean and bright, and my food. Hot damn. We wanted to eat at Ruby Slipper all weekend, but the wait times are daunting. So freaking glad we came here instead.Awesome place to eat. Very relaxing environment. We will be back next time we are in New Orleans.Stopped in here for a quick breakfast and was greeted by a very attentive hostess and waitress. Service was prompt and accommodating. The only reason for less than 5 stars was that the food was ok/good but not great. It was as if I made it at home but there was nothing unique or special about the food. Again, tasty but nothing where you walk away and think that you had a great meal.Great service but the food was soso. I ordered the crab cake Benedict and the crab cakes were overdone. It was served on a croissant which I don't think has the same heft as an English muffin, so it kind of disappeared under the heavy hollandaise.How refreshing to find a great breakfast place with incredible choices that didn't cost an arm/leg! I ordered the under the sea omelette- there was actual crab meat, nice-sized shrimp and Brie! Everything was delish- not to mention the creamy, yummy grits that came with my dish. We also ordered veggie eggs Benedict- equally awesome with fresh veggies. Portions for both were crazy. Will definitely come back next time we're staying in Nola again!This has got to be the BEST place to get breakfast/brunch in NOLA! It's clean, crafty, and every employee welcomes you with a smile. The environment is so happy that you can't help but smile! Each item on the menu seems to have been thought about with great detail and put together with love. There's a fun twist on many classic breakfast items. Everything tastes and looks farm-fresh. I will definitely be back on my next visit to NOLA!Nice atmosphere with quick and friendly service. We tried all three benedicts and really enjoyed the creole hollandaise and that they were served on griddled croissants. Highly recommend trying the cornflake-encrusted Papa's French Toast, too!Amazing food selections and perfect presentation! Really helpful ladies when I asked about additional things to do in the areaThis place is so good! Came in on a Sunday morning, only had about a 10minite wait. The inside is super cute and the staff is friendly and fun. I ordered the crab cakes Benedict, the Cajun hollandaise sauce is phenomenal. This place is definitely going on my go to list for NOLA.Wow - what a nice surprise. Came in with little expectations for breakfast but was blown out of the water by the great service, good quality products and well cooked food. We had the classic eggs Benedict and Hatchery Eggwitch both exceeded our expectations. We had some breakfast quarks (we like to have some veggies with our breakfast) that the staff gladly accommodated. Service was quick and helpful. The atmosphere was nice and homey. Prices were reasonable. 10%Military discount extended to us.I came to this cozy little cafe for weekday lunch with a group of about 11 coworkers. We had called ahead to make reservations for our large group. They arranged 3 tables together and we were fine.  They also had seating along the window that looked really nice and colorful with all kinds of throw pillows. It looked like it would be a good place to people watch out the window or to settle in with a book.
They serve breakfast all day, so half of us got breakfast and the other half got lunch. It was convenient.
I got the Chicken Panini with a side of Mixed Greens. It was pretty good. Everyone enjoyed their food. My coworker's plate next to me with the French Toast and fruit looked awesome. I definitely want to try that next time or the Croissant and Egg sandwiches.
The staff were friendly and efficient. I'm sure we'll be back.We ate breakfast at two chicks cafe and enjoyed it so much we came back for lunch the same day.  It's away from the crowds of the French quarter places, the food was really good, it was quick and the service was friendly and fun.  Also reasonably priced.Quite possibly the best breakfast I've ever had in New Orleans! Iona knocked it out of the park with this one!! Kickin chicken omelet will be the dish I come back for!  We were a party of six and every dish came out piping hot and super delicious!!! This is a don't miss in NOLA!!!!The sunny side up eggs, wheat toast, bacon, potatoes, strawberries, shot of espresso, and coffee were good. Service was great. Highly recommend visiting this place. Nice find in downtown NOLA. Also, the apple juice was freshly squeezed and the cranberry juice was fresh.My group stayed a few blocks away and this was our go to for a late breakfast. Friendly service and great food. The have a great selection of juices and if you are a fan of building your own omlet, thay have that option.Great food great service. We are from Cincinnati and decided to take a walk until we found a place to eat. We passed many places this morning. Until we peeled around the corner and saw this nice little cafe.Had an amazing relaxing breakfast! The whole staff was so nice. Our hostess Ashley was amazing and went out of her way to let us try new things! Our server Tish was also amazing! Great job yall!We love NoLa specially their gastronomy, since most of the Cajun food here is fried (but delish). We wanted a breakfast a little more on the light side I was craving some  good grits, and I started searching and found this gem in the middle of Downtown, clean place, friendly waitresses and farm style  and fun decor! Just loved it by the minute I walked  in, my husband got the egg Benedicts  they were really good and the hollandaise sauce it was creamy and flavorful over a croissant, my daughter got an iced coffee she loved it and it came on a cute mason jar with their logo decal on it and eggs, bacon, roasted potatoes and a choice of toast, you can pick from white, multigrain or rye, I had the cafe breakfast with scrambled eggs, toast, delicious ham steak and the star of the show were the grits, they were creamy, perfectly cooked and just right! They didn't need any type of condiments, if you love grits you should try two chicks cafe when you come to this beautiful city! And price wise very affordable. Definitively will come back anytime soon!Had breakfast here this morning. Great place and so cute. Food was ridiculously good and our wonderful server tish could not have been better to us. We were stuck with local hotel breakfast that sucked. So glad they went out of the way to open during this storm.  Well be back for tishs service again soon!BBQ Shrimp and grits were on the sweet side. Not really how I like my grits. But plenty of shrimp. The tea was delicious. My husband had the seafood omelet which was very good. Not sure if I will be back?  Maybe to try their smoothie and juice drinks.I love this sweet little cafe. Breakfast and lunch only. Food is fresh, clean and delicious. Perfectly prepared. The staff is attentive and caring with both customers  and  one another. They warmly welcome guests and work together to see that every guest has what he/she wants when she/he wants it. I kind of don't want to write this review for fear it's popularity will get me waitlisted!!I recently visited New Orleans & Two Chicks Café over Memorial Day Weekend. I ordered a fried shrimp Po boy with collard greens as my side. The Po boy was really good & the greens were as well. My friends also said that their food was good too.I was in New Orleans for the first time and found this spot by my hotel we went to check it out, the wait line wasn't long and were quickly showed to our table where the waitress was very nice and patient with us. Choose the French Toast seeing it was very popular and I was not disappointed, it was so crunchy and had a very good taste to it, definitely recommend this cafe.Easy to fond great place. The food is very good service is perfect. Thank you Ionna to serve us.Two Chicks Cafe is one of my favourite breakfast spots in the city and now they opened one closer to me!!! I'll be there more often now to get my day started with their amazing french toast and shrimp and grits!! I had their juices too and they are soooo good!!The service was excellent! Your asked if you wanted crispy or soft bacon. Are you kidding me, what restaurant asks you for this detail? I just wither the standard breakfast. Eggs over easy, bacon and home fries, with onions, green peppers, rye toast. The toast was perfect (one thick, swirled sliced, crisped, butter and jelly on the side if you wished. Bread was good., all I needed. Coffee was good too. Decor niceI have the crab cake Benedict and ginger sun juice. A good healthy meal to start my day.I went to this cafe on my last morning in New Orleans. Wow I really missed a treat on my other days in the city. My breakfast was amazing. The atmosphere was good. It's a country theme with heavy rock music being played. The food was amazing. We had the French toast and the shrimp and grits. I highly recommend this cafe.My wife and I stopped at this place which was recommended by our hotel near by, we were pleased with the food and the service, we had a good breakfast, the vegetarian omelette that we both ordered came got and the taste was on spot. Wee highly recommend this placeThis little restaurant was perfect for breakfast.  We came here twice during our stay and enjoyed it both times.  The food was good and the staff was very pleasant.We are here twice while staying across the street at Aloft.  Great food!  French toast was yummy and the Nutella Crepe was great.  Good coffee and very friend place!This cafe was right around the corner from our hotel, and very convenient, so we decided to stop in. I had a single pancake, and we both had a fruit/yogurt bowl. Both were delicious. The yogurt bowl was full of fresh strawberries, and it was the right amount of yogurt. The design on the walls is very psychedelic and cool! The service was good as well. The only reason it's not 5 stars was the limited menu.Awesome food. The chicken club is my favorite.Two Chicks NEVER disappoints! From the service to the food it is a 20/20 must go to it and a 10/10 will ALWAYS recommend. Located off of canal street in New Orleans, not to far from Tulane Ave. Great location, great menu and most importantly great staff! They make you feel at home and always revise you with great experience. Every time I visit NOLA I have to go see my girls at Two Chicks, because they make sure you're taken care of. Food portions are HUGE, to say the least! Crab cake Benedict was super delicious! The French toast are perfectly fluffy, crunchy and immaculate!. However, the seafood omelet w/cheese grits omgggggg you HAVE TO try them!!! It's so addictive and beyond your wildest expectations. Their mimosas are beautifully bold, and order it with the fresh orange juice for a few cents (0.50 cents) more and you will not be sorry. If you're on the Irish whiskey train, then order their fresh Moscow Mule and you'll be in heaven! They have a great array of drinks and brunch/lunch items. I can't say enough about this place, just go already and be ready for a mouth watering and life changing burst of flavors! When you go ask forHere from out of town. Ordered the make your own omlette with crab and brie. It was AMAZING!! Our waitress Aleshia was very attentive. By far the best breakfast I have had in New Orleans. A hidden gem for sure! I will definitely be back when I return.Shrimp po boy with a Thai sauce was yummy. Great dining room, friendly and laid back staff.Stopped through on our way to Florida. Absolutely loved this place! The food was amazing, the service was very quick, and waitresses were super friendly and helpful. Next time we're in town will definitely be back!