Went here today with two others after every other restaurant had an hour or long wait. I wish we had waited an hour.
We walked in to a dive. Fine. Ugly is on the name. What can be expected? Some toddler was banging on a piano by the entrance. After having to go to the bar to order, I asked the bartender what she recommended. She said "anything." To narrow it down, I asked which of the sandwiches. Again..."anything." Oooookay. I'll have a burger cooked medium-well with only lettuce and cheddar. I asked for fries instead of chips. "We don't have a fryer." The other two got "Today's Special": a chili dog. Theirs came out in a couple minutes. 
After twenty minutes, I went up to the area where you go to pick your food. I then saw three microwaves. No sign of a grill. Just three microwaves and a smoker. I watched them microwave not only the hot dogs, but also my macaroni and cheese, some person's chick breast, sausage, the chili, some cheese sauce, a bottles bbq sauce, and my hamburger. They then proceeded to put some sort of cole slaw, pepper jack cheese, and other things on my burger. I told them I only asked for lettuce and cheese but to now just trade it for a chili dog. The man said that the hot dogs take some time to grill so it will be a while. Oh, like the twenty minutes it took you to microwave the burger? 
The chili dog came out about 5-10 minutes later. Chili tasted like it was from a can. Hot dog had no grill marks but was a Nathan's hot dog, so it's hard to screw up. 
Bathroom was disgustingly dirty. Toilet was overflowed and soap dispenser was empty. 
Stay away.The BBQ here is alright. the cole slaw is excellent.  The reviewer who called this the best in the state has to be connected to the bar. 
otherwise I have never been a fan of the atmosphere of this place. A dive but not in a good way.
having said that you can do worse as far as just filling your stomach in Warehouse Dist  for a decent priceWe always go to the Ugly Dog when we are in NOLA. For Mardi Gras we usually are staying right in the area so it's pretty convenient. The bbq is decent, not outstanding but good when you are hungry. I always get the pulled pork, husband gets the brisket. It hits the spot. The restaurant is huge and we've never had a problem getting a table, even with a large group. Fun place to hang out, close to parade route. Take outs available too.This is a great place to go for some quick, affordable food. Don't expect anything too tasty. The smoker sets off a smell that gets you all ready for some delicious 'q, then you get let down with a fairly well seasoned lump of cold pulled pork (ask for it on bread, or you will just get it in a pile on your plate) and some sausages who clearly don't mean it when they call themselves spicy. 
Thought it would be a good place to watch sunday football, but the TVs are just too small for such a big placeWas staying at the Residence Inn and walked a couple of blocks and stumbled upon this place. There was a live band playing and picnic tables. There was also an inside with jukebox type music playing. Smelled good so we decided to stop. Everything we had was amazing , very flavorful and good size potions. We had the 1/2 rack ribs (juicy and fell off the bone), the brisket panini and the ugly dog tacos. Everything was delicious, priced right, casual and lively. Would definitely return. Just one note, you need to find a menu and a table on your own and order at the bar. No waitress serviceWhen I think of a comfy bar or pub; that has good food, good music and fantastic people this place comes to mind. The alligator shepherd pie was great, the ribs are good too, my buddy had the pulled pork and said it was well worth the walk from our hotel.Have tried this place twice - both times they are out of ribs!! Service is impersonal and really slow. If you must, go ahead, but there's better all around the neighborhood.Damn.  Fine.  Barbecue.
Having moved to Texas this year, I've managed to find good Barbecue, but Ugly Dog's pulled pork still pulls at my heartstrings.
I've eaten at Ugly Dog for years and years, and it's a great place for lunch BBQ for CBD workers willing to get some exercise at lunch and make their way into the Warehouse district (or the lazy ones who want to drive).
The pulled pork and the brisket are the winners here.  Tasty, large portions which I can never finish and the price is right.  Their sausage and chicken are good.  The burger...I like the burger but burger fanatics may be disappointed with the dryness of it.  I would call it solid, not gourmet.
Sides?  The cup of chili/beans with sour cream and cheese is nice, but the real standouts are the caesar salad and the broccoli with cheese.  Yes, the caesar is just a salad but it's a good one.  The broccoli is great, steamed, very tasty.  Just add a little bit of cheese sauce for that extra no-carb goodness.  
By the way, I think they nuke the little plastic cup it comes in so you can't have it too often.  Sometimes they give it to you melted--the cup, that is.  But, hey, nitrates cause cancer, too.  Sausage anyone?
Meanwhile, 30 years in the future:
"Miss Karen, I'm sorry to tell you that your entire digestive system has cancer.  You haven't been eating anything that was microwaved in plastic, have you?"
"Um...."This place is a better bar then it is a BBQ joint. The chicken thigh appetizer has a nice smokey flavor (although it is kind of a disappointing portion) but the boudin and pulled pork sandwiches failed to impress. Will I be back for a drink? Absolutely. But I may eat beforehand. The wide open indoor space with the picnic tables is great for groups!Oh, Ugly Dog Saloon, I wanted to love you, cuddle you, and call you my own!
You're not all bad . . . you are cute as a bug, have nice outdoor seating, and a really personable and precious serving staff. 
But Dawg, that was an UGLY burger. Big flavorless hunk of meat with visible pieces of fat. I'm afraid I just can't overlook that. I'm going to have to send you to the pound.Good stop for a quick bite. Love the picnic tables. Good beer selections. Wings were good and smoky.Went tonight  after  Saints  game. Ordered a Ugly Spud with pulled pork on it for $9.25. Potato was the smallest I've  ever been served and they forget to put the pork on it. I had to bring it to the bartender and he had to fix it. We tried to order onion rings  but they were out. We then ordered a potato with just cheese and butter to go.
When I went to pay bartender he didn't  give me the itemize bill. I had to ask him to see it. Turns out he over charged me 10.25 for the potato with butter and cheese. 1.00 more than one with meat. 
He called the manager over to fix it and eventally the manager removed the 10.25 from the bill.
Food was ok but nothing special that I would go back.If you read my reviews, I know what you're thinking....Sarah, your vegetarian! WHY are you going to a BBQ place!?
To be honest, this was our Plan D for lunch the day we went. Every other place was closed or SUPER crowded, so we ended up here. (The boyfriend and his family wanted BBQ)
There was a little line since there was a conference in town that day. No big deal. I asked if the mac;n'cheese and the cole slaw had meat in them (they don't) so that's what I ordered. They were both $3 each so good deal right? 
Well our meals took about an hour to come out. It was so long that we had to put more money in the meter.
When the food did come out everyone said that their meals were "okay." My side dishes were extremely small (I guess that's what you get for $3..). The mac'n'cheese didn't taste like anything so i doused it with BBQ sauce. The coleslaw basically tasted like thickly chopped cabbage with hoisin sauce. 
Next time I think we'll just wait at the other restaurants on our list instead.Eh, tried the basic dog w slaw.  Small portion of slaw for 2.75.  Dog was an after thought by the make shift "chefs".  Try else where.  It's a big room w no style in New Orleans?Ugly Dog Saloon is my favorite place this season to watch football! The bartenders are so friendly and always keep my drink full. Despite being the only Ole Miss fan most weeks, they alway turn one tv on for me, so i can sit at the bar with them to celebrate my teams up and downs. So about the food... First of all, their fried pickles are the best I've ever had! Second, Good barbeque joints are something that this city lacks, but the flavor of their BBQ is great! The sauce is smokey, sweet and has a little kick! When are you guys gonna bottle that stuff?!?I've always liked the food here, but the recent improvements have made it a great spot for more than just food.  Great live music and lots of room to get together for games.  I was recently in a jam with a caterer and Ugly Dog bailed me out last minute.  The management have truly earned all five of these stars.Devlivers to the CBD, good food, and good sports bar / grillGREAT RIBS!!!  There, isn't that all that matters?  Tasty, moist, and not too saucy.  First class ribs!  Nice collard side, too.
We were tourists, so my family was a little confused why we were going into a dumpy bar at lunchtime.  But I guess BBQ shoved into the back of bars is a typical NO thing.  The interior is fun and minimal -- picnic tables and 80s arcade and pinball games.
My wife had the brisket panini and liked it.  My son enjoyed his heavy ale.  But seriously, we're just here to discuss RIBS -- and they're great!
It's a nice 5 minute walk from the WW2 Museum.  A good way to break up the day.I live in Texas and enjoy some good pit food. Good gracious that brisket and grits is the bees knees. I think I slapped my mom twice into a coma. The burnt end sandwich is too die for. Take that and an ice cold beer to make sure all that goodness gets into your belly. Next time I am in town I am coming back to this joint. Great service, great food.Ate here, had the beef brisket. The food and quantity was not worth the $9.00 I paid for. Don't waste your time and money, go somewhere else. The corn bread was dried.Best po-boy of the trip.  Hands down, the BEST roast beef po-boy we found in NOLA. 
The place, however, is a dive, it's dirty, manky and in serious need of a face-lift.  We almost left, but we were too hungry to go anywhere else!
You go and put your order in, you pick up your food and you clean up after yourself, yet, yet the prices are expensive in spite of the 'do your own work so you don't have to tip' policy.
The mac and cheese was also nice too, it isn't on the (tattered, ripped and old) menus, but the specials board.  Have it with the roast beef po-boy!Let me start by saying that I am not a huge BBQ expert, so take this review for what it's worth.
While this place does have the moniker of "saloon", it is pretty big and spacious and has plenty of tables and chairs for dining. I stopped in here with a friend for lunch not really knowing what to expect. Looking over the menu, it seemed like typical faire. I had a pulled pork sandwich with potato salad. It was good, but it was lacking a good amount of sauce and I found it somewhat dry.
I didn't try any of the beer or spirits whilst I was here, so I can't comment on that, but they seemed to have a good number of local beers on tap.Brisket and chicken looked and tasted like it was oven-cooked vs. bar b qued. The 1/2 pound sausage plate was a joke - you can probably buy better tasting sausage at a grocery store. The location, restaurant and employees were great, I was just very dissatisfied with the food.Not the same restaurant as they were when Steve owned the place.  They need to revamp their practices.  I ate there today and had the 2 meat plate. The potions were small and reheated.  The biscuit was soggy and microwaved.  I contacted them via Facebook and they responded promptly.  I'm hopeful they will improve.This is a good place for barbecue! The ugly dog combo platter is what I ordered! Next time I'll order All Ribs!I had the Creole Burger. It was very tasty. They had a decent selection of local beers on tap. I was a little disappointed that they served a bag of Lay's potato chips as their default side though. Bartenders were made me as an outsider feel welcome even among the locals.I only came here to get a local Abita beer on tap.  The place is very big inside so if you have a big group this place will easily accommodate your group. The ex-Californian bar fly is very nice and the place has a good vibe, and the beer is a bargain.Not real BBQ and very over priced, bill was almost $50 for 2 people and all we had was a sandwich and drink each.It's a nice place to chill and have a drink. The staff is really friendly. I would recommend the pulled pork.I ordered a Burger and the meat was extremely dry. The BBQ is also broiled instead of smoked. They have a smoker out front to show how their meat is cooked and that is not the case. Decent atmosphere though.The food here is ok.  I heard great things about the coleslaw but it wasn't really my thing.  The beef brisket was alright, but not the best I've had.  I liked their bbq sauce though.I have to disagree with the negative reviews below. Laid back & relaxing, non touristy real deal place.Had the burnt ends, ribs, slaw and thoroughly enjoyed! Terrific bartender & service. No it's not for the picky &persnickety foodie, but all in glad I went and would recommend to others.Walked across the street after left starving at another restaurant and met Shawn the bartender details at The Ugly Dog Saloon and Bar. Beat Jambalaya in New Orleans and only $3, portion is huge.
Asked Shawn for a New Orleans concoction and he made me a yummy rum drink, so I ordered more.
The tables are decorated hand painted picnic tables. I can only imagine this is the place to be post game during football season.
Love this place so much came back twice before leaving town.The bartender and cooks are very nice and the food was excellent. Very relaxed environment with good beer specials. I would recommend the smoked wings and the jambalaya.I see this place as more of a bar vs a barbecue joint, so I am not sure we decided to grab lunch here. And when we received our burgers, I instantly knew why we were the only people in the whole place, the food was below average. I mean who wants to eat a dry burger...not me, but that is what I received. The mac&cheese side was average, but it tasted a little like Kraft. Not a place I would want to visit for lunch again.Visited the WW2 Museum and their restaurant had a 40 minute wait.  We looked for something close that was reasonably priced and found Ugly dog.  Had the chicken wings, bbq sandwich, bbq pork with mac and cheese, and cheeseburger.
Great tasting with tender meat.
Only knock was that it took about 20 minutes to get the food.
One of the few pleasant surprises in New Orleans.
Recommend it.Going back 14-15 years ago this was actually one of your better BBQ options here in NO. I use to eat here often back in the early 2000's as this place had a decent pulled pork meal with a nice baked potato and very good chili beans for about $10. Not Memphis or Texas quality but decent. Since then there has been a fortunate improvement in BBQ options here in NO. Since Katrina I have eaten here about 3 times before and it was still good. However I haven't been back in the last couple of years and then returned last week.
Upon entering I noticed that they have done away with the tables and chairs and gone with picnic tables decorated Big Easy style. I ordered my usual meal described below and noticed that I had to order it a la carte which resulted in a cost of $18! Big increase! 
When my food arrived it was served in separate paper bowls instead of a plate with the chili beans in a coffee mug. I immediately noticed my baked potato was way undercooked. I took it back to the cook and he said he would get me a new one. 10 minutes later it came out and as steaming hot however by then my other foods were getting cold. My pulled pork was runny with too many juices at the bottom of the paper bowl making it soupy. I put some of their BBQ sauce on it which made it taste better. Finally my chili beans were no where near as good as the old ones were. 
I must say that I was disappointed with the whole meal. It was far too expensive for the quality I received especially in a divey bar. I don't like the new Ugly Dog Saloon. Bring back the old!!! I seriously doubt I will return which saddens me because of all of my fond memories here.Good food & value. Service not there! You order at the bar & pick-up your own food. You can just leave but most people cleared their own table. Left a tip for nothing. Still, the food was good and not overpiced. Nothing special about the place!Completely rude bartender taking orders for food. Three of us waiting to order, takes two of the orders and ignores the third person. "Oh I didn't see you". Even though he had even spoken to my friend twice. We ended up splitting our meals with her. Positive: the burgers were really good!So Disappointing!!!! I use to come here every time I was in Orleans. I have not been in the past two years and ALOT has changed. They are overcharging for a poor product! I use to always say how they had the best brisket around the WORLD and I travel a lot. Now it tastes as if it was a roast kept under a heater lamp for hours dried out and no flavor. On top of it all I ordered 1/2lb (8oz) of brisket and 2.5 oz of it was non editable fat (1/4th of my meal). Needless to say we all left disappointed and unsatisfied and to never return. It's sad because I use to be able to eat here everyday when I was in town, because I couldn't get enough of it.
Later that evening:
We went to THE JOINT BBQ which is my husbands favorite it was Awesome as I remember it to be.Fantastic jambalaya! I prefer these easy going local spots instead of pretentious fancy places.Despite the bad reviews, I ate at the Ugly Dog for lunch. I had onion rings and a cheeseburger. The burger was one of the best I've had and the onion rings were delicious!!!Ordered an omelette. More than hour later I talked to the cooks. They never reveived the order. Once it came, the food was ok, but service is virtually non-existant.Boiled BBQ 
This used to be the best BBQ in Nola. 
How far can they fall?
Meat was so wet it was obviously boiled
Brisket I got was a wad of fat. Literally no meat
No smoke flavor at all. 
Sad effort for a place we used to look forward to. The re model clearly brought I new management that is not up to the jobStumbled across sports bar & BBQ. Had their 1/2 lb. pulled pork platter with a salad and homemade chili in a coffee cup side with the fixens, sour cream, cheese and onions.
Large local lunch crowd. The proof of excellence. Walk up order bar and self pick up, quick, helpful, and friendly service. 
The pulled pork was excellent, extremely tender and tasty. Much better than the "carnitas" I have eaten all my life in CA. BBQ sauce is of the vinegar style found in the south, very good.
For those of you that have had BBQ ie., from Texas, mid-west such as MO and west as CA. The BBQ sauce base is not vinegar and water. The base is tomato sauce with spices and hot peppers, etc. See the BBQ shows on TV. Or do some traveling around the U.S. I've had BBQ in the places mentioned also N & S Carolina, Ark., Kent., Alabama and all states in the west. Not all BBQ comes from Texas and not all is smoked.
I personally like smoked BBQ with rubbed spices and a thick peppery sauce.
Perfect place to see sporting events with many TVs and a casual relaxed but loud environment.If this is only 3 stars then we are in for some goooood food in this city. Ugly tacos rocked! The bbq sauce was a great mix of tangy, sweet and spicy. Loved it and will be back! There were 5 of us....clean plates alllll around!This place is a dive. One heck of a dive! I was working for several weeks at the nearby convention center and this was one of the few options to walk to and from and get served in an hour. I'm glad it worked out that way. We liked it so much we went there for dinner a lot too. The Cuban sandwich rocks. Red Beans & Rice w/sausage is great. The sides are spot on. But here is the best thing about The Ugly Dog... the Cajun style coleslaw! I couldn't quite put my finger on the secret ingredient... and they wouldn't tell me... but I figured it out. Try it and see if you can guess!Good place to kick back, relax and eat some bbq. They have picnic benches inside, you order your food at the bar and then pick up by the kitchen when your buzzer goes off. You get little dog bowls to eat from (this was a cute concept). Inside is a bit dark, we had to use our phone lights to read the menu.
We ordered the smoked chicken wings as appetizers and they were really good. The. We ordered 2 Ugly Dog Combo Platters : 1/2 chicken, pulled pork, ribs, burnt edges (of the brisket), coleslaw, biscuits, loaded baked potato and mac & cheese. This was all order for 4 people and there was enough for a dog bag to take home. (See what I did there)
The chicken was a bit dry and flavorleas but everything else was really good. The burnt edges and ribs were a crowd pleaser.unfortunately i had a large breakfast the day i came here so i wasn't terribly hungry but the pulled pork sandwich and there homemade bbq sauce was great! i had some of my friends chilli and there was a taste in there that struck me wrong. but over all great place!Great BBQ spot! They were out of burnt ends but the Ugly Pig sandwich was awesome. I'll definitely be back.Wonderful time!! The owners are very friendly and make sure all customers are having a great experience. I'll be back next time I'm in New Orleans.A friendly local neighborhood BAR that sells food.  NOTHING FANCY.  They do spicy BBQ but pretty good for a KC BBQ judge and lover.  Home made Cole Slaw had a kick, was different and good.  Brisket was best of all meats, Ribs better than average but their sauce is a real disappointment.  Local folks were going hog wild on boiled Crawfish by the pound.  Near Convention center and hotels and prices fairly compared to many in same area.  Us tourists were welcomed by the locals in all types of dress on a Saturday late afternoon.In town for business, came by to watch Monday night football....Could be a pretty cool local bar, but the place could use some improvements - TVs are way too small for the size of the place and inside probably hasn't been updated since it opened, but the Bartender was friendly and the cole slaw was pretty damn good.Not sure why this gets sacked. ?!?! First off, we went here years ago and enjoyed it. Came here again and were scared off by reviews. We had more than enough food for $36 for 3 people. Pulled chicken, brisket and pork nachos were amazing.... They were out of the smoked potatoes which was sad. The bartender recommended the slaw ... We were dubious..... We hate mayo and slaw. Quite simply.... It was Thai based, delish and I could have eaten a container of it. Only disappointment was that my french bread- served on request- was not toasted.Excellent establishment from the food to the drinks. Not many options between 3pm and 5pm but this place was open and I was hungry.  The combo plate and the Mac and cheese with the brisket were my choice and they both were right on point!We were touring the WWII Museum and the guys wanted manly food. Quick check of Yelp and saw this place was close. You walk up to the bar to order and then they call you up to the back to pick up your order. 
Mixed reviews on this one. Some in the group thought it was pretty good but others not impressed. Most if us ordered pulled pork sandwich which came with bag of chips. They claim to have great coleslaw for an additional charge. Tried it out and it was different for a change. I'm not sure if it was dressed with bbq sauce or a type of French dressing.Brisket amazing!  Drinks ice cold!  Our servers welcomed us and made us feel like a part of the crew!  The Mac and cheese was homemade, pretty sure the bbq is from heaven!  Five stars and then some!!The worst bar in NOLA!! Having UGLY in the name of this place is very appropriate and telling.  My husband went to this place tonight 6/10/17 - a Saturday and during Pride week.  There were only 4 people at the bar and no one in restaurant.  That should have been our first hint that this place is horrible.  We wanted to go service.  My husband and I stood at the end of the bar where there was a sign that said -To go and pick up orders.  We stood there for 5 minutes while the bartender was at other end talking to a couple of patrons.  My husband asked for service and the bartender proceeds to yell across bar - Hey dude, one customer at a time.   We leave immediately.  Every other bar in area is filled!  If you treat patrons like this bartender did, no wonder there were only 4 people in this bar at 9pm in NOLA on a Saturday night.  Never ever again!!I was impressed with the barbecue here! And I'm creole! They don't play here! Service was great! Very casual and cool place! Try it!The picture i see and the food I got are way different!!!! Please check out exhibit (A) below. Looks like they fed me leftovers. I gave them an extra star because they gave me water. It was really hot outside.BBW was tender and delicious. Only one flavor of sauce. Would like to have a choice with a little more heatGreat dive place near Convention Center. Be careful walking here though at night.  Street is a little dark.  Picnic tables and loud music sets the scene.  Food is delicious.  Rotisserie chicken is finger licking good. Try a Hurricane at the bar.   Full service bar.  Great place to try in New OrleansIn town for a work convention. This was within walking distance of the hotel and many others.  Looking for food a little later than normal this was the right place at the right time!
Greeted with a smile from the bartender she informed us how the placing an order picking it up works. She did a fantastic job of getting our drinks whipped up lightning fast!
BBQ pork sliders and Mac and cheese with some fries...easy enough and it all came out fast and hot!  
Another person at the table had a BBQ Pork potato that she loved! 
If in the area again I will definitely stop in for food and drinks. 
Thank you for being awesome on this day!
Respectfully,
Bryan 
OKCAte at the bar with a buddy around 9:00pm. Bartender service was fine, but the food is subpar at best. I had the Ribs at 13.50. They came out small and tasteless, I had to drench it with bbq sauce. I came in with the expectation of eating some really good ribs, however came out disappointed. I gave it two stars, because the service was good and the bartender was attentive.$49 for two meals and an appetizer.  All meats were tasteless; 1/4 chicken, pulled chicken, brisket and smoked wings.I came here for the first time today. My bartenders were awesome! Corinne and John had great recommendations for drinks and made sure my drink was never empty! Even when it was extremely busy at the bar, they made me feel welcomed and at home here.I have been to New Orleans four times and make sure to have a meal every time!  Great Food!!We "stumbled" upon this place after flying in from the west coast. It was close to our hotel and we really enjoyed our meal. Adequate portions but was pretty expensive. Two, 2 meat platters, one Stella and one coke was $44 before tip. This is a typical bar/BBQ joint. Don't expect waiter service. You have to pick up your food from the kitchen window b
Shared picnic tables and paper towels for napkins. TV's throughout and a pool table. 
Thank goodness they provide stainless flatware and not plastic.  Food is served on an aluminum "plate". Paper and plastic are a personal pet peeve when traveling. 
Ribs were very tender and smoky. Finger lickin good. Yum.
1/4 fried chicken was very good. Tender and juicy with a crisp skin. The star of our meal was the sausage. OMG!!!!!!  It was AWESOME!!!!!!  Coleslaw and mac and cheese was food, not great. Cheddar biscuit a little too dry for my liking but hubby liked it a lot. 
Overall a good meal. Only thing we didn't like was the price. We'd go back and we'd recommend it.The food was great. But as I paid at the counter I didn't tip and my credit card told me that there was a 20% tip. So the restaurant added without my advice. I asked the manager and he said that they only charged me for the food. I have to talk with my credit card but is something strange.Place was mostly empty at lunch and still took 45 minutes for lunch. ITS A BBQ JOINT! Just cut it up and put it on a plate. How long does that take?  Spoke to the cooks and they were dicks about it. Ended up walking out.Would give a 2.5 if possible. This place looks much better after the change in ownership and remodeling, but unfortunately the food is shite. The signature bbq pulled pork tastes strangely like chicken (as far as texture is concerned) and the Mac and cheese and potato salad are not very good. I cannot speak on any of the other food. The atmosphere is pretty nice, especially sitting next to the window on a pretty day. My coke has too much syrup in it, and not enough carbonation. I was originally going to get a beer, but I figured it was a little early in the day, so I grabbed a coke. I realize this may be petty, but when a place cannot even keep their fountain drinks up to par, I have a hard time believing they care much about anything else. (For those of you who don't know, every restaurant controls their own carbonation to syrup ratio). I will probably come back here again within the year, but only because I live next door and I tend to get tired of the other food around me.Get the brisket over pulled pork, you won't be disappointed.
They had a special on mac and cheese for the day: it was so delicious. And I consider myself to be a connisseur of mac and cheese...penne noodles, right amount of pepper and so cheesy.Very fatty pull pork sandwich, pretty good vinegar based bbq sauce, I also got the side salad and the dilled potato salad.  My bf ordered the chicken sandwich and a side order of broccoli.  Was okay for bar food.I stopped in at this saloon a few years back just on a whim, and loved it!  Went back today while visiting NOLA, and it was still amazing after 3 years.  Best coleslaw on the planet and goes so well in the pulled pork sandwich.  The atmosphere is nothing fancy, but the BBQ is awesome.I was in town visiting and wanted to watch my football team #NYGIANTS play and wanted something to eat. it was a great combination. nice drink and food specials. the staff was friendly and helpful. had a overall good experience. I will most def visit again. keep up the good job.Fun dive sports bar in the warehouse district. Let's face it, the BBQ is bad. So, go here for cheap drinks and friendly service if you are staying in the arts district. Lots of local color and jam packed for a Saints game = a good time.Don't even know where to begin this tale of awfulness. Bottom line, I received neither quality nor quantity for my hard earned money, and worst of all I left hungry!! I ordered a 1/4 lb. sausage plate for $6.50. It comes with a small bag of Lay's potato chips (not even Zapp's). To upgrade to a real side dish was an extra $1.50 so I opted for coleslaw. 
So, for a total of $8.00, I got a 4-inch sausage link, split in half and warmed - no visible grill marks - and some raunchy cabbage mixed with mayonnaise and barbecue sauce. The coleslaw was in dire need of some acid and sweetness. I guess they thought that the barbecue sauce would cover that, but it didn't. The cabbage was rough cut into unwieldy chunks. The unsettlingly brown colored slaw and the flaccid sausage didn't even take up 1/2 of my plate! 
I brought it up to the counter and asked them to grill the sausage a little more. They offered me a bun with it (I didn't know you had to specifically ask for a bun when you ordered). I ate the link and filled up on about 6 packs of saltines. 
That was a complete waste of $12 ($8 plate plus a $1.50 drink, tax and tip). I spent that exact amount at El Gato Negro on Sunday, was full, satisfied, and took home a container of leftovers. I could have even had two Subway combo meals for $12. I could have had a delicious burger and onion rings from Company Burger. The list of better deals is endless.
Never again! Diners beware. The only plus is that the ladies who take your order behind the counter are nice.I had medium expectations and they were apparently too high.  The prices on the menu weren't right apparently because I was charged $2 more than what the menu says.  The menu said it came with 2 sides but when I started to order those, I was told that it cones with kettle chips and cornbread.  So apparently they pick the two sides??  I went with it though.  The kettle chips was just a bag of regular old Lays and the cornbread was a little stale and a lot dry.  
The meat was average at best.  The pulled pork was more like chopped pork and was kind of fatty and not in a good flavorful way.  The Cajun sausage was on but really greasy.  The fact that my food was ready within about 3 minutes obviously tells me that it wasn't much more than fast food for more money.  With a glass of iced tea, I was up to over $15 which seemed pretty pricey given the type and quality of good.
I think this is really just a bar that has some food there.  I'm really confused at some of the other reviews unless they have changed owners or management or something because this really wasn't even really average in any way, let alone good.I stopped in here while in town for a conference, looking for some place to grab a beer on Sunday afternoon. Wasn't very busy (probably ~10 people), the staff were friendly (and cool with my companion's baby being with us), and it was a nice casual, dive-y atmosphere to hang out and chat. The only food we ordered was fries, which were scrumptiously seasoned.Okay so prior to eating here I looked at the reviews so I was skeptical. There are not many good BBQ places in the city and this place being the oldest I had to check it out. I was pleasantly surprised with brunch! Omg the fries were perfect. Not over season, crunchy yet soft. I got the BBQ brisket omelette with Swiss and it was great! Melts cheese and juicy meat! I also got the BBQ brisket biscuit and loved it. Lot of food for 2 but we pulled it off! Grits were a good side but I've had better, I'd stick with the fries. The ambiance was cool, large inside and fun picnic tables- perfect for a group! I need to come back for another meal!