The staff were friendly, the food was good! The environment was clean and mellow. Go check them out if your into ramen!On a 5 hour drive from Houston, I knew I was craving ramen and wanted to give this new local spot a try. My brother in law was gracious enough to order to go for me and have it waiting at home as I arrived in NOLA.
My husband and I are so glad we waited to eat instead of picking up fast food because this ramen hit the spot even after reheating! We got the original tori ramen and the miso ramen. Both dishes were impeccable. The broth was full bodied and flavorful without being overly salty. My favorite between the two has to be the miso ramen because of the oyster mushrooms. The mushrooms had an explosive flavor while complementing the other components of the dish so well. 
I cannot wait to be back in town and try the other dishes on the menu. Dirty Mazemen, I'm looking at you.Ramen Time!!!! So, what a great reason to try out the new ramen shop on Magazine Street. I been following them for a long time. When you first walk in, it has a very industrial feel which I love!!! The service was so pleasant and welcoming throughout my meal. I ordered Original tori, level 3 spice, add confit mushrooms. To test out a ramen shop you gotta try the O.G. before trying the new comer flavors. In order, to tell what you getting yourself into. And it did not disappoint!!! The broth taste so delicious because you can tell they cooked it for a long time to get that bomb creamy broth. The crazy part its not even pork. Also, you can choose spice level and all kinds of topping. Of course, I had to add the confit mushrooms and a little kick to my step. It just topped it off!!! So much umami taste!!! I am surely coming back and I recommend y'all go check out this place too!!!If you haven't been to Union Ramen yet maaaaan you're missing out. 
Needed my ramen fix while visiting from NYC and I'm so happy Union was there to help me out. 
Here's our bowl breakdown:
Original Tori - Delicious. Must try. 
The broth was full of flavor, rich, and didn't make me feel heavy like other places. Noodles were the prefect texture. 
Ooooo, and the pork belly? *chef's kiss* Some of the best I've ever had. Melts in your mouth.
Dirty Mazemen - My fiancé got this and he seriously can't stop talking about it. I don't blame him; I had a bite and it's so damn good.
This was super special and something we won't be able to find back home.
Best advice I can give you: don't sleep on the small plates. 
Watermelon Belly Salad - So refreshing. I don't always love mixing fruit with savory things but this works extremely well and was really pretty.
NOLA BBQ Stuffed Shrimp - I love that this is on the menu because I don't get to see squid prepped like this served at many places.
Not being from NOLA, some of the ingredients were unique to me. But together everything tasted so good, familiar, and comforting. Highly recommend!
Can't wait to come back to try everything else!Soo soo good! The miso ramen is my favorite, but honestly, all of the ramen is delicious. The noodles are cooked to perfection very time.... and we've been multiple times! Husband and kid approved! The cocktails are also great, as are the play on appetizers! We have to have it at least once a week!!My spouse loves ramen so of course we had to try Union out. Union Ramen has a cool, modern atmosphere with great food! The sweet & spicy wings were delish & surprisingly light! The brothless dirty mazeman was so flavorful & satisfying. The Yuzu drink- bomb.com. This place is a gem with great service and warm hospitality. It is our new go-to for ramen!The ramen was delicious and I would eat here again. New Orleans only has a short list of ramen places, so I'm happy that Union was added in and they offer a solid vegetarian ramen, Miso Ramen. The first time I had the miso ramen, I was pretty good. This time I added spice paste, as recommended by the cashier, and it elevated the ramen so much. It's necessary! My friend seemed to really enjoy his dish, as well, I think he got pork. 
They claim to be fast casual style which is confusing. I don't find the prices or vibe to be appropriate for fast casual. I think this place would be better if they just served the table. You have to order at the cashier and take a number to the table. 
Moody atmosphere, full bar available, menu is ramen focused with a select appetizers also available.I am no ramen expert, but my friends are and encouraged me to try out Union Ramen. It's a relatively small space so I'd recommend making a reservation on a weekend. Strangely, there is no table service and you order either at the back counter or at the bar if you are wanting a drink with your meal. 
I had a French 75, the lumpia, and the traditional ramen without modification. My drink was delicious. The lumpia was just OK. I found the fried coating a bit too heavy for my liking. I am Filipino and have had better lumpia in my day. It definitely needed the sauce it came with to amp up the flavors. As for the ramen, I thought the broth was tasty; it had good umami flavor without being too salty. The noodles had a great texture. I finished my entire bowl and was satisfied but did not feel mind-blown. Overall my group and I decided that the ramen was good to OK and a bit overpriced considering how little meat you get at baseline. 
The service was fast and friendly, but I don't see myself running back anytime soon.Wow is all I can say. This ramen spot does New Orleans justice. With influences from the heart, creole, Japan and more, the broth is everything you thought you needed. Crafted thoughtfully and prepared with precision. There's not one bite you'll regret. It's filling and hearty with a job well done on the roasted pork and seasoned egg. Definitely worth the mention: the team that runs this place...they are good people. The South needed a great ramen spot and this is it. I've eaten ramen from around the globe and in New York, at least weekly. This place got it right. 
I will be back very soon.Not really that good tbh. Pricey for the amount you get. Menu is misleading too, if I am going to pay an extra $3 for "double" the meat, I would want Double besides a single piece of pork for $3 .  Broth for the Miso ramen taste burnt not sure if it's supposed to taste like that but ya.I have gone to union ramen multiple times now and this place never disappoints!!!!! I always get the Slap-Ya-Mama kimchi and I am obsessed. For appetizers my favorite are the wings! They are SO good. Not only is the food amazing the atmosphere and service is unbelievable!!!! My last date night was spent at union and I was so happy to be able to hear such good music and enjoy the vibe!!!! The drinks are also amazing!!!! Every time I go they also add something new to the menu that is amazing. I can't wait to go back!!!! Def would give this place 10 stars if I could!!!!:)Honestly, the miso ramen was just okay and there aren't many options. Service took awhile too, but it was a Friday. They played very loud clubby music which kind of killed the ambience. Not everyone's cup of tea for sure.Shari V and I think this is the best place in town to grab ramen.  Currently (October 2020), the competition is not too stiff, but still, this is the front runner.
So the ramen.  I had the original tori ramen with no add ons.  Excellent flavor.  Noodles were decent and may have slightly overcooked while I was finishing up appetizers.  But otherwise, noods were good.  The pork in the ramen was awesome.  Great rind of flat for flavor.  Felt like really decent quality pork and was well seasoned.  I will def go back for more ramen.
The apps, I was less enthusiastic about.  We had the spam musubi, which for me, was a 2/5.  Shari V loves spam so was more enthusiastic but still only ate 1 of the 4.  It's really like a sushi roll but instead of crab or fish, you have spam.  
Lumpia was the best app we had.  Stuffed with crawfish and shrimp for an interesting spin an a classic Filipino dish.  Masarap.  Great dipping sauce too.
Wings were run of the mill. Nothing great or terrible.  
We will definitely repeat for the ramen.  I hope to try some of their other appetizers.I've been to Japan twice and have had my fill of amazing ramen there. Union Ramen is up there, if not better than the ramen I've had in Japan. I highly recommend the Original Tori. It's a chicken based broth, so it's not too rich, but it's packed with flavor. The cut of pork that comes with it is so tender and juicy. If you're not in the mood for broth, get their dry ramen. I'm a big fan of the Dirty Mazeman. There's so much flavor, my mouth is watering talking about it. The apps and salads are where it's at, though. I got the Oyster Mushroom confit salad and the crawfish and shrimp lumpia. What a great fusion of Japanese and Cajun cuisine; so unique to NOLA. I haven't enjoyed a meal like that in so long. Can't wait to try the rest of their small plates!We ate dinner here last night. We made a reservation, glad we did because it was very busy! The host greeted us promptly and made us feel very at home. 
We got a small bottle of sake which was delicious. We only got a single appetizer, the crawfish lumpia, and it was the absolute best! Super crunchy and the dipping sauce was great. 
I got the miso ramen which was an excellent veggie option, broth and noodles were both very tasty. 
My partner got the traditional ramen which of course did not disappoint. 
The only thing that made this spot into a four star establishment for me was the extremely loud music. It was hard to have a conversation across the table. 
Will definitely be back!Very good ramen soup. Liked that they gave instructions for hearing and getting it perfect.Great ramen spot. One of the closest places to Japan style ramen that we have had. Recommend to anyoneJust had the Original Tori Ramen and it was awesome. The broth was tasty and the noodles were perfect. I would also suggest the crawfish and shrimp Lumpie. They were so good, they did not make it back to my house to share with my family. Do yourself a favor and get over to Union. Good luck y'all.Delicious and great customer service! The miso ramen with kale noodles was so good. Their spicy margarita is to die for!Coolest ramen spot in town. 
Food is perfected, staff is very chill and the ambiance is very SoCal meets Nola.The water here is gassssssss. Best water I've ever had. So clear and so good. Crunchy asf.i really enjoyed the miso ramen and everything about it. the ONLY reason i'm giving it four stars is because i'm paying almost $20 for ramen (if you count the pick up fee) , why'd they only give me half of my tomato? the least they could do is give me my entire tomato.Super cute place. The music was great, appetizers, and drinks were also great. I also love that they have a happy hour. Was this the best ramen of my life? Not quite, but it was still pretty tasty if you need a quick ramen fix!I enjoyed my first meal at Union ramen. My husband and I shared: Spam Musubi, Wings, and Tori Ramen add corn and spice level 1. The musubi was good, although I took off the seaweed and just ate the inside bc I found the seaweed flavor overpowering (my husband ate it as is). The wings were excellent- hot, super crispy but still meaty, and the sauce was so so good. The ramen was also delicious- the broth had a full flavor and the noodles had a wonderful flavor and texture. The negatives: the pork in our ramen was entirely fat, there was no actual meat and we could not eat it. The prices are a bit high. And when we walked in, there were several employees clustered in one area, and they all looked up but didn't smile or greet us, they just stared at us. I would go back, there are a lot of interesting menu items I would like to try.I was really excited to try this place, and it did not disappoint. I had the shishito peppers and the Dirty Mazeman ramen. Both were spectacular, and the staff could not have been nicer. My server was Hopper. He was awesome and certainly went the extra mile. All around, this was a great experience, and I'll definitely be back. Also, all covid restrictions are being diligently followed.I have been waiting for a place like this to open in this neighborhood for years. I had the wings and the slap-ya-kimchi mazeman add roasted pork and fried garlic. Both dishes were out of this world. Everyone working there is super friendly and the owner is a really nice guy. Get yourself over here and get some Ramen!We ordered Union Ramen to pick up yesterday (I think it was their very first day open on Magazine). We heard friends rave about it and had to try for ourselves. The Miso Ramen was insanely good. The oyster mushrooms and miso made for such a thick, creamy, umami-flavored broth. I kept double checking to see if there was meat in it. It was totally vegetarian and unbelievably delicious. The dirty mazemen was delicious as well and was the perfect consistency for a brothless Ramen. We can't wait to eat inside of their beautiful new space one day, but until then we will definitely be getting more takeout from Union Ramen!Food was really good.  Ramen was excellent.  Definite must stop for foodies.  The shrimp lumpia is definitely worth a try along with the oyster confit salad.  Going to try some of the other appetizers next time along with the other ramen varieties.  Can't wait to eventually have dine in.  Very good food.I'm not a big fan of ramen but I wanted to give it a try. Of course it was chilly so it was great weather.
My husband and I finally decided to go on a date night and he told me to make a reservation. I'm so glad I did! I'm so glad we were able to get in, on a Friday night.
We got there and it was busy, so you order at a certain spot or at the bar. 
We ended up getting both brothy soups, they were both delicious! Not rich at all, which I was so happy about. The original tori ramen really hit the spot for me. The broth was so flavorful and not heavy. I added in the ground meat which was a plus. I could have drunk the soup.
Apps we got
Mushroom fries- a MUST get! Crispy but soft and addicting!!
Sticky wings- the flavor on is is sweet with spices. I couldn't stop eating it.
Stuffed squid- the stuffing was the texture of boudin. 
I can't wait to go back and try the dry noodles but I'm still craving the soup. It won't disappoint!!Finally made it back to Union Ramen and the new items we tried were fantastic! I ordered an Agua Viva which was the perfect hot weather cocktail- light and refreshing. We started off with an order of the soup dumplings which came 3 to an order and are made with pork and finished with a balsamic reduction. It was unlike any other kind of soup dumpling I've ever had...it was delicious but it really didn't have any broth in it like I'm accustomed to. For my main course I wanted a broth less ramen since it was so hot outside. I went with the Slap Ya Kimchi Mazemen with level 2 chili sauce added. The flavors were amazing! I had a bite of the Dirty Mazemen and I think that'll be what I order next time!Union Ramen is hands down the best ramen spot in NOLA. Chef Nhat and his team have done a great job curating an amazing menu. The Dirty Mazemen is my favorite - add oyster mushroom and fried garlic!6 months later... still delicious! Woohoo!
Consistent delicious foods: slap Ya Kimchi & Tori!
@phidingthefamEverything on point! One of the owners was so hospitable. Had his family there celebrating the opening. Offered me a bar seat while waiting to pick up and the bartender crafted me a cocktail from their new, not yet released, cocktail menu. Y'all are top notch.  Welcome to the neighborhood!Awesome Ramen. Great outstanding customer service. My experience was The Best! Very attentive to all the Guest! Making sure is we needed more drinks and etc!!!!This was kind of disappointing. I was excited to try Union Ramen since they use a poultry-based broth (as opposed to the pork-based broth that most other places use). I got the original tori ramen with spicy level 3, and while it was spicy enough, the broth tasted kind of light and shallow (also, extra $ for adding spice is sorta ridiculous). I tried my friend's broth without any spice, and it was super bland. The toppings were also a little underwhelming, and the piece of meat was kinda small. Considering the dish was $16 (before tax and tip), I was expecting a little more. The lumpia was ok, but I found it a little too greasy. Also, they offer extra broth but not extra noodles?? Overall, it wasn't terrible, but I don't think it was worth the price.New Orleans have been blessed with a new amazing ramen shop! Just got Union for takeout and we're in love with it!
First, best part for us personally is that there are so many options to get things without pork (no pork broths here yet) and sub out pork. And In general it seems like there are a lot of options for other dietary restrictions - vegetarian, vegan, pescatarian, etc. we really deeply appreciate having the option to customize our bowls since that's usually not an option with ramen.
I had tori ramen with chicken and my partner got the mazemen ramen. Both were incredible. The broth in the tori was delicious and complex - everything in it was very fresh as well. I liked the Mazemen even better though - very flavorful and loved getting a chance to try dry ramen. The noodles for both dishes were delicious - tasted like they were made in house. 
We also got the shrimp/crawfish lumpia which was delicious!!! Definitely will be a go to for us. 
Everything was also very nicely and sustainably packaged. 
Really can't wait to try out more from their menu. Really love this place and highly recommend!Finally a good vegan ramen! I liked this place so much I had it twice within one week. I had the miso ramen minus the egg. Also tried the lychee tini, Hana white peach sake, 2 different plum sakes. Please be mindful that the alcoholic beverages may not be vegan and you should ask the appropriate questions to ensure that they are. I completely forgot about that.
Miso ramen I added corn, bamboo shoots, and double confit oyster mushrooms. I loved the broth and everything about the bowl. It was warm with lots of depth and the noodles were light. I didn't care too much for the roasted tomatoes or the bamboo shoots. I loved the confit mushrooms. It adds a nice crunch to the bowl. The corn is roasted or sautéed? It adds a sweet freshness. I added the chili when I was halfway done.
Lychee tini - served cold. Of the 4 drinks this one was my least favorite. It's definitely fruity and refreshing. However, compared to the other ones I can taste the alcohol in this the most.
Hana white peach sake - served chilled. It's delicious and refreshing.
Gekkeikan Japanese plum wine - served room temp. It's sweeter than all the other ones. It's supposed to have a tartness to it but I didn't taste it at all. It reminds me of the Vietnamese banana wine.
Choya Umeshu Japanese plum wine - served chilled. My lunch date said this one is sweeter than the other ones. I don't think so but I do like it better since it's served cold.
Even if you aren't vegan you'll still love this miso ramen.Cute spot for lunch. Staff is very considerate and wore masks, took our temperate, and spaced us out appropriately. 
Ramen was pretty good. I got the original tori and added some of the homemade chili sauce for a bit of heat. Broth was super flavorful and I loved the seasoned egg. There aren't very many menu options, but what they do have is well done. 
Music was a touch loud, but overall enjoyed the experience and the food.I was skeptical at first to try the plant based miso ramen with the kale noodles BUT it had so much flavor and umami I was blown away. I would definitely go and try the other dishes when I'm back in town!Love love love this place! They just opened their own store front after having lots of success as a pop up, and it's easy to see why. 
They are doing dine-in but only parties of four or less.
But honestly, Union Ramen makes take out fun!
A few weeks ago, my partner an I were looking for something to do for an at-home date night. I suggested Union Ramen. We ordered online through their super user friendly website and picked it up. I got the Original Tori (hey that's my name!) and added mushrooms and corn. AH-MAZE-ING!!!!! All of the items are packaged separately (in earth friendly packaging!) so you don't have to worry about sogginess by the time you get home. They even include instructions for how to assemble your meal and reheat the broth if needed! 
These people know how to take care of their customers. They are a very welcome and needed addition to the Magazine St. restaurant scene.
We will 1000000% be backI wasn't sure what to expect but we were all happy with the food and service. Wanted to get out with friends and decided to try Union Ramen. Food was pretty good 
.This place is amazing. The Tori Ramen is delicious but once I tried the mazemen I haven't looked back. Excellent space, great location. On my last visit I placed my to go order when I arrived just to check out the cocktails before I left. Haven't gotten through them all yet, but as they say, "Though it has an end, the journey matters more, in the end". Ironically, no end in sight with these brilliant minds.Excellent safety attitude, GREAT ramen, very friendly to me and my wife. They just opened and deserve all the business they are going to get.The dirty mazemen was delicious! I was so impressed by the creativity and taste of the menu items as well as the friendliness of the staff! It made a huge impression, and Union is my new go-to spot when I'm in town.This place has an assortment of fusion type of cuisine. They had lumpia, shishito peppers and even  musubi! The musubi was definitely worth it, as the rice was soft, and the lemon zest-like aioli made it different from other musubi ive tried. 
*
*
So I had the original tori ramen that had a poultry-based broth, in-house roasted pork, bamboo shoots, scallions, seasoned egg and fried garlic and ramen noodles! I added spicy x2 and it was perfect!  The broth definitely tasted fresh and not as salty as most ramen places I've tried in Nawlins.' I loved the poached egg, and the pork was pretty tenderr as well. 
You can find me on Instagram on @piggieats_ for more reviews!This one of the best meals I have had in a long time. We have traveled to many places in Asia and Union Ramen surpassed my expectations . We had the spam with  musubi sauce and the ramen with kimchi and blackened chicken . I have never SPAM  but wow this was  amazing! The ramen was tender and filled with such depth of flavor. It  was velvety and fantastic. If you live in New Orleans or choose to visit please go to Union Ramen. I wish we had such a wonderful neighborhood restaurant.  When we come back , we will most definitely visit Union Ramen again!Love the vibe in this restaurant! The food and drinks take the experience over the top. I had the margarita with sweet pepper sauce, the Crawfish and Shrimp Lumpia, and the Tori Ramen: wow. So delicious. I wanted to get another order of the lumpia. The Tori Ramen has great flavor and is just what you'd expect from a traditional ramen. Delicious. 
The REAL winner, though, was my boyfriend's Miso Ramen. It was so flavorful and earthy, the mushrooms were spectacular, and I was jealous of his meal the entire time he was eating it. I HIGHLY recommend getting it so that you don't also spend your meal jealously eyeing someone else's miso ramen. 
(I don't have any pictures because I was too excited to eat)We found it!!!! We have finally found a great ramen place in the Nola area. This place is simple ramen restaurant. But don't let the word "simple" fool you the flavors are anything but simple.  My bride go the original tori, it was deep and flavorful, with perfect noodles.  I had the tori with blackened chicken, wow what a treat.  The blacken chicken added so much flavor to the dish. It was rich and flavorful but also light.  For me it was one of the best ramen experiences I have had in a while.  Definitely will be back.Came in Saturday 1:10pm, wait listed for 45 minutes.  We went across street and got ice cream shake from Parish Parlor which was good.  We went back at the promised time at 1:55pm.  Waited outside in the freezing cold for another 15 minutes.  We sat down at 2:10 and now is 2:49 and no ramen.  Of course we asked the waiter and only got some goofy apologies like the the noodle cooker is down.  
We ate visiting from San Diego and was excited for a bowl of ramen after eating so much Cajun food.  Its unfortunate that this place has great atmosphere but fail on many other things.I ordered a miso ramen to go a couple of weeks ago when I was in town visiting family. I have had my fair share of eating ramen from various places, but I have to say this was one of my best ramen experiences to date. The flavor was rich but not too salty. The confit oyster mushrooms were a nice touch to the dish. The egg was perfectly poached. The to go bag came with a step by step instruction on how to reheat the food, which was nice. I would love to go back and try their other dishes the next time I'm in town.Everything at Union is delicious and edgy! The broth in the ramen is soooo rich and heavy with flavor. Definitely a new go-to spot for ramen cravings! The lumpia is a cute take on actually Filipino lumpia and equally as delicious! The spam musubi is displayed elegantly!! What a creative way to approach such a simple dish. Not pictured is a the broth less ramen that I have also tried on a different visit and it's absolutely delicious! You can't go wrong with any dish here! Definitely explore the menu and try it all!I was so disappointed when Kin closed due to covid, but this place opened in the last couple of months and has fulfilled my ramen needs again! I LOVE the ramen here. I am pretty sure the noodles are hand made as well. 
I ordered take out out from them via nola delivery. I ordered the Original Tori Ramen with tasso and beef. Do you know how good that was!? It was the best!! I cant get over how good the flavors of the tasso was and love the unique option since there are so few restaurants that serve tasso. I am still dreaming about it and eventually we will dine in at Union Ramen so I can experience all of it. That watermelon salad looks pretty darn good too. Next time, next time...
I highly recommend this place if you want some of the best ramen you've ever had.This is by far one of my favorite places for not only  ramen, but a flare of flavors! The staff is so beautifully calm and so laid back! Being from up north you dont see good ramen! This place is simply to die for! My mouth just explodes with magic with every bite! This place may be new, but they know what people want and crave! If i lived here i this would be my go to place! I have a very picky 4 yr old, and it was her request that we ate here again! This place needs to on diners drive ins and dives! Guy would love this place!! Its just a cute lil spot tucked away from the hustle and bustle of busy nola!I've only come here twice and gotten the same ramen so I can't speak too much to the rest of the menu but what I had was great! I did the original tori and made it level 1 spicy. I like heat, but not when it gets in the way of my food because my nose is running. if you like heat, start at 1 and work your way your way up; no need to impress your friends with a 2 or 3 because you'll probably end up crying through your meal. I had the beggars purse dumplings the first time (awesome) and the shishito peppers the second (not so great- the peppers were charred but still really tough to get through because they weren't tender). 
Most importantly, the service is great and the limited people I've interacted with were so nice. They're upholding Covid guidelines and there are never too many people in there.Food was really good as other reviewers have mentioned.  I think the appeal comes down to the mixed flavors and new take on Asian fusion.  Parking can be a hassle so get there early.  Also, making reservations would be a good idea because they do fill up fast and have turned away walk-ins.  Already been here two times and the only issue I had was with the drink I ordered, which tasted like water instead of soda.  The owner/manager did take the initiative to resolve the issue, but my drink still didn't taste 100% like soda.  Otherwise, service was decent and the food came out not too long after I placed the order.I can't say enough about this place. Their broth is probably the best I've had thus far. Their service was phenomenal and their drinks were bomb. I highly recommend this place for delicious ramen and drinks.This lovely place is located on Magazine St. when we got in our waiter named Jim.. (like Jim Bean he said so it stuck to me) made sure our table was sanitized before me and my friend sat! We ordered the crawfish and shrimp lumpia as an appetizer and it sure sis not disappoint. They came out piping hot from the fryer and was nicely crunchy and juicy! I'll so forgot to take a picture of them! Rookie move! I know! I asked for the most popular dish which was the Original Tori Ramen with spicy level 2 on the side! The bowl came out piping hot! The broth was very complex in flavor! I usually go for a pork based broth but this was a chicken based! Very umami but not overly salty! The noodles were nice and chewy which complimented the thick cut roasted pork! The spice was amazing as well! Perfectly spicy where it hits the back of your throat a little bit but not too over powering! The atmosphere was very nice and calm and you can see the kitchen in the back hustling with woks and fire going to pump out the food! The bar was also very popular with guest eating and drinking! I would definitely come back here for great ramen and service!We decided to eat inside at Union Ramen and they were following the covid guidelines pretty well. We were well spaced apart everyone was wearing a mask when not eating or when walking around. My fiancé and I ordered the lumpia appetizer and one of the ramen dishes that was their signature dish. It was just okay. It wasn't bad, but just okay to me. Not a lot of flavor and lacked some key elements that I'm used to having in an authentic ramen. Staff was friendly and the environment was nice.We eat in NOLA a lot but this is one of the best. Menu is small but everything is awesome. Kids each ordered a different ramen than me and we enjoyed all of them. 
I didn't try a small plate but will next time.Wanted to try it out since it's new the neighborhood however, when I called, I was informed that they couldn't sit a party of one due to the "large party" they had coming in. Not sure how large parties are able to dine in during a pandemic. 
Also, this was right after I just called and they had seating at my desired time and there was no mention of a large party dining in. On my second call, the time I wanted to dine in mysteriously vanished/got pushed back to almost closing time. 
ALSO, you could hear a man instructing the hostess (who was very nice) as far as what to say in regards to deterring me from coming in. Definitely won't bother with trying this place out.I was on the hunt for a Ramen spot to call home since moving to NoLa from LA. I went to a few places that just simply didn't hit the spot. From including ingredients that weren't listed to not the best service I needed to continue on my hunt. 
Alas, Union Ramen. I stumbled on to their Instagram page. The photos reminded me so much of the cool spots back home so I had to check it out. My homegirls birthday came up and I offered to take her to dinner and she'd never tried Ramen. It was the perfect excuse to get my feels and introduce her to one of my favorite soulGood food items. 
Union Ramen is The BEST Ramen in NoLa hands down! The flavor is consistent, the ingredients are fresh and the service never disappoints. I've been in the city for 4 months and I've been here enough to try almost everything on the menu! When was the last time you loved a place so much you were willing to try something new every visit?? I'll wait. 
They get super busy in the evening so a reservation is recommended but let me tell you, I've begged to sit outside in the freezing cold before and ordered a cocktail or sake to make up for the lack of warmth outside. 
The flavors are layered so perfectly I'm drooling as I write this. They offer takeout which I also take advantage of but really wish I was in their delivery radius  
Anyway, give them a try I promise you will not be disappointed and the cocktails are soooooo good! Hurry up and go!I'm always looking for the newest place in town with good eats and a fresh atmosphere, when I found Union Ramen, I was ecstatic! There was an array of delicious appetizers and choices of  ramen to offer, even for the VEGAN palate! I finally decided on getting the Sweet and Spicy Wings and the Slap-Ya-Kimchi Mazeman which was as flavorful as it sounded! Offering a broth less option but still packing that much flavor and richness one can only slurp it right up. I was able to choose my heat level which is a plus, and pairing it with those wings is a must! Me and my mom had the best afternoon stop there and can't wait for the next time! You've gotta come and try it out to know, not to mention Chef Nate and Co Owner Jeff make you feel right at home! Super Clean and great atmosphere! 5 stars in this foodies book!!For the most part, the flavors are there but our ramen was cold / room temperature and the pricing is aggressive. We got x2 Tori Ramen - one with Blackened Chicken and one with Ground Beef and Tasso.  We got takeout, arrived on time for pickup, and were home in minutes.  I tasted the broth and proteins before adding the broth.  The Ground Beef and Tasso was very tasty though cold like it just came out of the fridge, and the Blackened Chicken was totally bland and had no seasoning.  Both portions were very tiny, especially when you pay an extra $3 or 22% more for it.  The broth, while tasty, was room temperature and I had to heat it up myself before adding it, which kind of defeats the purpose of takeout.  I will say the texture of the noodles was spot on.  While the portion is good, the price for it is a bit much.  In all, it came out to $20 for each bowl of ramen, which is too much.Absolutely love this spot!! We came as a group and everyone from staff to the owners were super welcoming and talked to us for a good bit of time! I love their Dirty Mazemen and the Shishito Peppers! Despite Covid they have really made an impact and I will continue coming here not only for the great food but great company!I'm a ramen fiend and this ramen does not disappoint! I got the Tori ramen with level 1 spice. The broth was delicious, the noodles had the right amount of chew, the bamboo shoots added a good crunch, the egg was jammy, and the pork melted in my mouth - really nothing but high praise! We got takeout and I loved that they gave instructions for how to reheat it to perfection! Ramen love with Union Ramen!i've left a review of this place before but that was only take out and recently i dined in so here's my updated review. 
The food was decent enough. i think the noodles are over cooked because they were mushy. i got double mushrooms for my miso ramen and honestly the double looks like a regular serving. they don't give you very much and the add on is +$3. the ordering at the counter was weird and since i was paying i tipped then too. i wish i hadn't though, considering there was someone different bringing me my food every time. not the mention how rude the girl at the counter was. if you don't want to be there and have an attitude with guests asking a simple question such as "do i pay now or after i eat" then don't come to work. simple as that. the place wants to be worried about covid and taking temperatures but honestly there's no point if you're gonna sit everyone right next to each other. they sat three different parties at the same table. i get that we don't technically have an assigned waiter, if you will, but not one person came to ask how if we needed anything. 
over all, i would NOT recommend dining in at this place. maybe only take out since they do have the most decent vegan ramen in NOLA and that's literally the only reason why i would still eat there again.Nice ramen spot that was perfect on a rainy day. I had the miso ramen (which is vegetarian but not vegan) and enjoyed it, although it probably would have been better with normal ramen noodles instead of the green kale noodles. It came with a charred tomato slice, savory and chewy mushrooms (good even for a non-mushroom person!) and a poached egg. I opted for level 3 spicy sauce which was good but not all that spicy. They also have a new vegetarian mazemen (brothless) ramen option that I am curious to try next time.Mixed opinion of this place. Went 2 times just to make my final decision for this review. On one hand, the food is good, with very unique broth less ramen dishes and a miso ramen with kale noodles, both of which I loved. On the other hand, the original ramen was flavorless when gotten as is (and adding spice/flavor is extra $!) and the meat was very fatty. The service is very slow and disorganized. I felt stressed with the way the waiters were running around and unsure of when we would be seated. The dumplings were dry and not as good as expected. I would recommend trying this place for ramen lovers, as you will likely find something you will enjoy, but the wait time and the dinner rush is very chaotic and unpleasant to experience. The staff is kind and I might return with all caveats and nuances of this restaurant in mind.Just wanted to update with a new favorite thing on the menu alert. Most recent time I went I got the Dirty Mazemen medium heat and omg it was so good. I know now I'm going to struggle to ever order a different main meal off the menu.We were blown away by this restaurant! The interior is well designed and will be a great space to hang out when indoor dining returns. The food was fantastic -- my only possible complaint is that I wish the portion size was larger! The flavors were amazing, ingredients were fresh, and the takeout instructions were very detailed and allowed us to have our ramen at its optimal temperature even though we were at home. Can't wait to come back!I'm not too into Asian fusion places so I'm definitely not the best person to get an opinion about it. However, this place was better than most places I've been to. 
We tried pretty much all their appetizers and they were all interesting and good. 
Their ramen was also interesting. The broth was just a bit too thick for me and the flavor was a bit too strong. Their noodles were cooked really well, and they face a decent amount for the price. 
They also have an extensive liquor selection with a lot of Japanese options, so if you've never tried, definitely do!!Amazing delicious food! I've honestly never had ramen before this, but my SO has. He wanted to stop in here when we were walking along Magazine St, and I'm so glad we did. The wings didn't even stand a chance - they were perfectly crispy and had a delectable glaze on them. We got the original ramen as well as the King Koopa. Our waitress explained how to eat it which, as a newbie, I appreciated. The bowls were all but licked clean. Everything was a perfect temp, not too hot to eat and not at all cooled off. We're visiting the area this week, but WHEN we come back home to NOLA, we WILL come back to this place.Really really good ramen!! The service was great and cocktails were good too. Officially obsessedI came in with high expectations, as the meal went on i was highly dissatisfied. Starting with their broth, came out room temp. (Broth should come out hot and steaming, as all broths should be) , broth tasted burnt, and miso ramen had no miso flavor. I do have to say, the noodles have good texture,but their seasoned egg doesn't have enough seasoning,again bland. Bamboo shoots taste like too much soy sauce,i felt like there was no effort in it at all. The final thing that made my experience not worth it was paying 22% extra for meat,that will only get you 2 extra pieces. Imagine paying $20+ for an over priced unsatisfying bowl of ramen. (Big sad face)Really enjoyed my experience here! The food was very delicious and super flavorful. Everyone in my group enjoyed their food. They have some fun cocktails too. Already anticipating my next visit!I can't get enough of this place!  My husband and I go as often as possible when we are too tired to cook. Generous bowls. Great appetizers. Drink menu expanding.I love Union Ramen .  The service is awesome,  the food is delicious.  The music is actually hip reminds me  of restaurants in nyc that play hip hopThis is the second time I have tried to give this place business.  This time couldn't get seated because I didn't have a reservation.  How is one to know you need a reservation.  Never againHands down the best ramen in New Orleans! I'm normally not a fan of ramen, but the original Tori ramen was so delicious and flavorful. I ended up eating the whole bowl. The bartender suggested getting the level 2 chili sauce on the side for the ramen, and I loved being able to add as much or as little as I wanted. I would highly recommend the crawfish and shrimp lumpia for an appetizer. Definitely a better experience than at Kin.Had an early date night here around around 5:30pm not too long ago which have been few and far in between because of COVID! We didn't have a reservation but I think it might be a good idea to make one if you're going at a more typical dinner time. There were lots of to-go orders ready for pick up in case you're into that. Union is doing an excellent job with COVID precautions so kudos to them on that. 
My +1 ordered our entire spread and drinks at the counter. Sadly, we didn't receive the To-Ki-Oh! Sazerac and the Ghost in the Shell Margarita until we were done with our appetizers. I like to sip on my drink either pre-apps or enjoy them alongside so this was a little disappointing.
For apps, we got the Beggar's Purse Dumplings and the Sweet and Spicy Wings. Yall already know my love for pimento cheese so I was sold on the dumplings as soon I read that but this dish was a bit too adventurous for my palette - the blueberries were an odd garnish to me and it was just kinda a hodge podge of flavors that didn't blend well for me. The wings were good. 
For dinner, my hubby got the Original Tori and I got the Kid's Ramen with a seasoned egg. Both were good and would be perfect for a chilly night. I thought our bill was a bit high for the experience delivered but I'm happy that we checked it out nonetheless.
Overall, UR is a uniquely designed restaurant with a blend of Asian fare that deserves a visit!