The place is pretty cute. Food is pretty good . I had the lamb and the duck salad. The duck was pretty good but the lamb was a little bland. Over all it's a nice place for a date.I went here with some friends for the first time for the club area and the service was terrible and the drinks are overpriced.  I highly doubt if I'll be going back.Such a fun place! We came for my birthday and Michelle was sweet enough to put us (2 people) at this huge table clearly for 6 or 7 people usually that had a couch just so we could be comfy. The atmosphere is perfect for s couple date. Very very intimate and sensual. We split a bottle of wine that the bough out promptly. And then stated off with the lobster egg roll. OH MY LORD!!!!!!! Those were absolutely divine. My new favorite thing. And so different than anything! Then we split two rolls. The dragon and the ninja. A TONNNNN OF FOOD!!!!! You wouldn't expect just ordering an appetizer and two sushi roll that it would be filling for two people, but we couldn't even finish the sushi. We were stuffed. But it was delicious and we tried our best to finish it! Next Michelle helped us find and couple of fun different things to do after dinner instead of just parading down burbon street and doing the normal bar hop. We found some fun different things that weren't as touristy. She toured us around the whole restaurant and showed is the private room. Fun fact Juvenile (a rapper) show one of his videos called mountains there in the private room. Most gorgeous chandelier and all white everything. She was so sweet and fun to talk to us about everything and tell you about things that you're not going to hear from other people about New Orleans. If you want something exciting and out of the box from the typical fried seafood. This is the place. It's a fun club type atmosphere and a great change from everything else. This place will definitely always be a stop when we come back to New Orleans. And if your lucky enough to have Michelle there, she will make your night wonderful. Me and my boyfriend couldn't have had a better end to our trip thanks to this delicious meal and wonderful, well informed, fun woman! Can not wait to make a stop here when we come back for New Years!Great spot away from the Bourbon St...beautiful ambience, great music, fabulous bartender.Went here after checking into hotel on Sat. night and finding a long wait at all the other places. No wait here.  I agree with other reviews.  Seems to be a disco club (disco ball hanging up), bar, restaurant all in one.  Maybe it depends on the time of day and cliental.  Rating on food - excellent.  The potato/rice thing under our entrée was amazing and sushi rolls were good.  Martinis...I'm a martini snob and not for sure why this word is in the restaurant name.  Mine was pure simple syrup and so sweet I couldn't drink.  Hubby's was way too bitter.  Not impressed with the drinks.I did not have a great experience here. My friend and I were seated at a table & I noticed that the table was wet. I asked the receptionist if the dishes had just been taken out of the dishwasher. She giggled and said "Umm, yea, that's it." Right away I could tell she wasn't being serious. When we started to look at the menu I saw that a drop of water had hit the paper. This caused me to look up & notice that the ceiling was leaking. I told the receptionist & she moved us right away.
I was grateful but after sitting at our new table without any greeting at all I started to get agitated again. Many waitresses walked by and didn't bother to acknowledge us. A nice gentlemen, Troy, saw my frustration & took over as our waiter. The drinks & food were ok. The look of the restaurant is very nice as well. When I return to New Orleans I will not be visiting this restaurant again.
When I left I saw that a couple was sitting at the "wet table" where my friend and I were when we first got there.The shasho was excellent. The appetizers were spot on, though a little heavy on the ponzu. The SERVICE though, made the whole evening!  Courtney was attentive, attractive, and gracious!  I do not think I have had better service in the Veiux Carie (sp). in a restaurant less than 100 years old.Ambience, service, and food were incredible for being right off burbon street. The white knight roll is out of this world.  Would recommend this to any one that appreciates flavorful sushi.Worst restaurant ever.  Dumbest wait staff.  Feels like you are in a old strip club with the lights turned on.   Our table had a 4 foot subwoofer on the side.   Buch of idiots who picked out the furniture.  My friends joked that I looked like Henry 8th in this huge oversized uncomfortable chair.   Don't go here.Wow! I guess I should have been able to tell that this place was going to be bad when I got carded out front and walked into a dance club.  Maybe some people want to go to a dance club to eat but I do not!  As you walk through the club and into what basically amounts to a room 1/10th the size of the club you'll find about 15 tables and a sushi bar stuffed into an area where the air-conditioning  guys forgot to put vents.  You might ask, what separates you from the club and the answer is....nothing.  So as you're ordering food (at like 8:30p) you're vibrating off your seat with the bass blasting.  WTF!  Pushy wait-staff upsells you on coconut sake thats 6x the price of an equivalent at the grocery store (and it was not good at all).  I mean I know I'm to blame for saying yes but I hate feeling like I got ripped off.
The food?  It actually wasn't bad.  Definitely the highlight of the place but doesn't outweigh the negatives.
Its New Orleans people - you really have to be trying to find bad places to eat.Delicious sushi. Great atmosphere.  Gorgeous contemporary design...
The White Knight Roll
Salmon Lover Roll
The martinis tonight were a bit watered down.  However, last night (Friday Happy Hour) they were delicious!  And they were two for one!  Go figure!In my opinion, one of the top hip sushi spots in New Orleans right now.  I would never come to the Big Easy for sushi, but a friend dined with me here and recommended it.  The sashimi and california rolls are excellent, and they have a wonderful martini selection.  If you're a sushi/ sashimi lover, I would highly recommend.The place was near empty and it still took about 20-30 minutes to get a drink and about an hour and 15 minutes to get our food. As if the fact that they use imitation crabmeat alone wasn't bad enough, it was spoiled. The roll I had ordered came out wrong, and after waiting over an hour for our food, I was pretty frustrated realizing I' d probably be waiting another hour for my original roll. When the bill came, instead of getting separate checks, we decided we'd just split the bill 9 ways.. so everyone would get charged $33. Then someone ended up charging me $87.. triple what we agreed on. I do not think I will ever be back, maybe they were having a bad night, but it left an extremely bad taste in my mouth.When we walked in it was pretty empty. We ordered drinks, sushi and entrees. It took them almost one hour to serve our food. The sushi came out last (they told The reason it took so long was that they only had one person making the sushi). I order a filet of beef - medium rare but it was served very rare almost raw!Eh. Not the best food, service was friendly, but entered and delivered orders incorrectly. Decent house music . Nice décor . The place was completely empty ( Monday in August). Restrooms were clean . Nice for a martini, but I do not recommend the place for food.This review is not about the food, since I haven't tried the food.
I was out with some girlfriends Friday night and they wanted to check this place out. Some of us made it there before the others. I was part of the late group. When we were on our way, we were told that the place was dead, but we went since the rest of our group was already there.
When we got to the place, it was clear that everyone was leaving. It was also getting pretty late. Despite this and the fact that the girls that already went inside knew some of the employees and went in without paying the cover, the bouncer insisted that it was $10 per person. One of the girls came out and tried to give him just $10 for the two of us and he was not having it. Fine. We'll pay to go in some club dying down cuz it was a special occasion, right?
Except within 30 minutes of us walking in, they shut off the music and turned on the lights even though there were still people dancing.
I know the staff gotta go home at a certain time. But y'all knew you were closing in half an hour and you had to insist on the $10 cover from two pretty girls? That's not how clubs work. But then, the club culture in Nola that I've seen thus far is very different from those in major cities, so I guess places like this take advantage of that.
But yeah, never again.Fun atmosphere and incredible food! The calamari appetizer was awesome, loved the sauce that came with it. The crab meat salad had jumbo lump crab meat - AMAZING. The seabass roll was tasty. Cheesecake for dessert. The lychee martini was very good and the lychee Bellini was FaBuLoUsss. I look forward to going back and trying other items on the menu. I left completely satisfied without being miserable full. We had all of that for $70, but could have easily racked up a much higher bill.Nod out  to our great  waiter, Josh! Not only was he very knowledgeable of the menu, friendly, and quite on the ball, but it was he who recommended the Yellowtail & White Tuna Carpaccio! Beautifully cut super thin and incredibly fresh! In addition, had the Ahi Tower to start, and again very fresh! We ordered a couple of rolls also, however by the time they came out, we were full from the apps! The portions were quite large! Loved the ambiance and the vibe! Will be back many times!Big service fail. I ordered a few Buddha rolls and a Wakame salad to go. When I got there no one was in front greeting. Then walked to the bar and these pretentious people completely ignored me, bartender on his phone. I had to take bartender away from that important Facebook session just to pay. Didn't have sauce already in bag and took forever to get it. Small rolls were fine but expensive for what you get. Exactly 2 people were dining whilst I was there. Maybe I'll go back when it's poppin cause it's a huge space setup like a club.I would not recommend this place to anyone. We canceled our order after waiting an hour and a half for our apps and over 20 minutes for one round of drinks. Will not be going back!If you're over the Bourbon street grind, and have minimally 3 hours to spare for a dining experience, make your way to  V Sushi & Martini. 
Upon entering, there was no wait time, and we were quickly seated by an extremely friendly, charismatic, and enthusiastic host. The ambiance and decor resembled a Miami nightclub fused with a Japanese geisha house. Very different feel from the typical New Orleans restaurant atmosphere. 
Service: 
The cocktail menu contains a lengthy Martini list, to which I confidently say..." Choose with caution". You should predetermine whether you plan on walking out or being carried out on an ambulance stretcher. These drinks will take you from "hey," to "heeeeeyyyy" in the blink of an eye. You are for-warned. 
The servers were all nice, knowledgeable about the food and drinks. However, nervous and easily intimidated by our questions. It was also quickly apparent, that this establishment does not operate with any sense of urgency. Estimated time for cocktail order to table was approximately 25-30 minutes. 
On to the food. 
Once again, no sense of urgency. After making your meal choice, expect to wait at least 45 minutes for any part of your order to be served. At this point, your cocktails have had time to marinate and work their way through your bloodstream, until everything suddenly becomes comical. 
You spot Snoop Dogg serving the table at your right, DJ Pauly D on the turn tables in the front and center of the restaurant, and a B-list celebrity interview being conducted right behind your table. You start thinking to yourself, "Is this real life?", or is this just the alcohol sitting at the very bottom of your empty, empty stomach speaking. Then you quickly remember that you're still waiting for the food you ordered, or any part of it, to finally make it's way to your table. 
Ninja Sushi Roll- the first to arrive 60 minutes into our dining experience. The flavor was fantastic on this servers choice dish. The pieces on this roll were very generous in portion size, the avocado was fresh, and the sauce was phenomenal in flavor, color, and aesthetically pleasing. Highly recommend this dish!  
California Roll- the opposite of everything you're accustomed to about this very common roll. This one lacked any type of flavor or texture. It was bland, and quite honestly, boring. You had to douse it in soy sauce, just to be able to get it down. This was the low light of our meal. 
Rainbow Roll- the texture and flavor were definitely there. It was, additionally, aesthetically pleasing. The equal balance of ingredients in the roll were close to perfect. This roll would be ideal for those with a palate that appreciates flavor without an overwhelming spice. 
Baked Salmon Roll- the anticipation of this highly recommended dish was every bit of satisfying and may even overshadow the delightful textures of both the ninja and rainbow rolls!  In the words of my dining partner, "this was the icing on the effing cake!" However, before enjoying this 1 hour and 30 minute prep time dish, be sure to give it time to cool as our mouths are still recovering from 3rd degree (at least it feels like such) burns that may have wiped out all existing taste buds. 
Edamame- just hand this right back to the server, you don't want to waste valuable stomach space with this flavorless and lackluster veggie. 
Final remarks: the food is way above average but has its weak dishes. 3 out of 4 rolls would absolutely reappear if I were to return to this place. I gave three stars because the food was excellent overall but the service lacked in urgency. People say that the south moves slower and at first thought, it's very plausible that a 3 hour start to finish dining experience is acceptable; however, after visiting 10 dine in restaurants in the same area, the south is pretty much on the same watch time as the north.I finally stopped in for some sushi after work and I'm so happy that I did. The service was actually really awesome despite what I read in previous reviews. I'm a huge fan of great service and truly believe it can make or break a dining experience. The food was nicely presented and tasted pretty good. The prices are a little high BUT that's expected in the FQ. Overall, the fun atmosphere, awesome service, and pretty good food made it a positive experience.
I would love to go back with a group for a birthday or bachelorette party type of thing... I forgot to mention that their drink menu is tempting!I work 1/2 block from this restaurant in an upscale seafood place...a group of us went after work tonight, the place was EMPTY & this is the second time I've eaten here since they've opened...Both time were barely a sad excuse for Sushi...according to my coworkers..the happy drinks were VERY watered down..After twice...they WON'T see me there anytime soon..I my years of restaurant service (32 years)..I foresee they'll be CLOSED by the end of 2014!!  I do wish them all the luck in the world...I've been here a few times and like the funky yet stylish atmosphere. Service is a little amateurish although the maitre D certainly knows what she's doing. Food is just okay. Unbelievably, the the barman doesn't know how to mix a proper martini. Disappointing for $8.We had a group of 15 and they provided us Horrible service, common food and we were the only table they had in the place. Then added 23% gratuity to the check for NOT delivering our food as a table, missing sides and going to the bar to get our own drinks.Food may be delicious but the service is horrendous! 30 min for drinks. No sense of urgency and the worst part is seeing the manager at the bar drinking not caring for any of the patrons.
We asked for the check... It arrived prior to our last roll and then the server has the audacity to ask for the money without even bringing the roll.... Incredible!Best sushi in NoLa. Friendly fun staff who make you feel warm and welcome. Sexy stylish decor. Must try: Tuna Carpacio, Braised Ribs, Lobster Stir Fry (there are no words!!), Baked Salmon roll and many more.Just don't go in. Horrible experience all the way around. Bad service, the sushi had bones and scales in it, and our server and bar staff were sooooo slow and brought us the wrong food for about half of our order. Completely unacceptable. We discussed the issues with the manager and he was concerned but just not nearly enough. I would give zero stars if I could.
Update: I was glutened here. Zero regard for gluten free even though that was discussed with the server. One whole day of vacation gone because of this restaurant. Gluten free isn't just a fad or cute for some us. I have celiac disease and I go above and beyond NOT to be the butthole customer.I was surprised at the few true sushi places in the French Quarter but this place has it going on.  Our bartender was Michelle who was really fun and told my wife and I all about herself and how much she loves her job which is great for any restaurant to know.
Now, on to the food.  It was terrific.  I ordered the Rainbow Roll which was a good-sized amount of sushi.  My wife ordered the Yellowtail Carpaccio and then went with the Baked Salmon Roll wich Michelle recommended.  Both were hits and the Salmon Roll was large enough that most people probably would need to eat each piece in two bites.  My wife loved it.
My wife enjoyed the V Bar Martini and the Pinot Grigio I ordered was good.  Michelle really made it a nice experience.  She even hit the small touches that good bartenders fail to ask like "Do you want a cold glass with your Chimay?"  I notice things like that.  
Two drinks apiece with the food ended up around $100-$120 including the tip which is about right.This place is so great! As far as I can tell it's the only decent Asian food place in the quarter..everything on the menu is great..Japanese with an American twist. Crab fried rice is amazing. Teriyaki chicken, crawfish roll, soft shell crab roll, salmon..all amazing!
And great atmosphere..a lil too much techno for my taste but Vegas style decor & lights..gets crackin on weekends with DJ other performances. ALLwAYs check this place out when I'm in the Big EZ!!!!!Alright, I'm optimistic. It's that place you aren't sure about coming into!! The staff that seats you is highly entertaining. I'll say they try, in the service aspect is lacking. My only issue was the appetizers came out before we got our bottle of wine. It was very slow inside, and the food came out VERY quickly which was great. I think it's def priced high BUT WELL worth every dime. We ordered the lobster tempura, and it was good. We shared the shrimp and scallops and it was amazing. I had to ask for my salad (which I wanted out first) it didn't come til the end. It was good but timing again was off. If they picked up on their service end this place would be 5 stars. The obeisance is ok. We decided to come here Bc there was a line out the door for every other place. All in all it was good! Everything everyone ordered was delicious. 
Salmon=amazing
They included gratuity which is fine. Spent 145$ on a bottle of wine, salad, app, and shared a meal. It wasn't too bad at all :)What is going on with this place?  I honestly didn't know that a single facility could have so many things going on.  This is part sushi restaurant (with excellent sushi), part lounge, part club part bar.  It's even great to go watch Monday night football at.  The staff is also pretty epic.  The cowboy roll with beef on the top is great.
This place is very different from the other (awesome) restaurants in the area.  Definitely not an authentic French Quarter dining experience, but pretty awesome.Can I give zero stars? ?? Wow how horrible. We did not even get to tasting a single thing. 9 pm reservations, ok I get it it's new years eve but I've gone out to nye dinners in nyc, dc, Baltimore, etc and I've never experienced this. We are there promptly at 9, no hostess at the stand to be found and a crowd of people waiting. Hostess finally came and told us we'd have to wait 8-10 minutes for them to clean our table and to sit in dance floor area. We wait 45 MINUTES! What is the point of reservations. She came over 2x to tell us they were cleaning our table while she seated 3 other couples who arrived after us. She only seated us when I walked up to her, no explanation, takes us to a table then. We wait another 15 MINUTES! And no one comes to our table and we just cut our losses and leave. They even saw us leaving and said NOTHING! On a side note a group of incensed guys sitting near us in the waiting area waited 1.5 hours for their sushi, their order got messed up, they spoke to the manager to no avail, and were about to leave without paying and I honestly don't blame them.We came here twice while in Nola. Place seemed very empty which had us worried. It was actually to our advantage. Food and service were amazing. Bills came to $25 (happy hour) and $35 (later). This was for two people 3-4 orders of rolls, plus drinks. Probably the cheapest quality sushi I've had. They offer crawfish sushi which is fun.The Good:
Excellent rolls
The Bad:
Absolutely empty at 7pm on Saturday night
AC on way too high
Edamame was soggy
Slow serviceWhen you are tired of the gumbo and jambalaya and want some sophisticated sushi in a sophisticated setting - go to V! We have dined there twice and have been wowed by the food and the design of the restaurant. It would be worth a visit just to see the women's restroom. Everything is NY chic! The service was over the top and all of our diners (ages 18- 50) were happy with their choice of drinks appetizers, sushi and dessert. After 11 it turned into a DJ spinning entertainment fest. When you plan your visit to New Orleans, be sure to stop by V!Absolutely fabulous place. Mackenzie and I went last night for sushi and drinks... We were so impressed! 
Before even entering, we were greeted with such hospitality by the owners, Vanna, Jeff and Marco. The ambiance and decor of the place is beautiful- very well laid out with a lounge in the front and a restaurant sushi bar in the second room. It's obvious they have a lot invested in making the place perfect- from the posh dining chairs to the sound baffles on the ceiling. The sound quality is great with fun lounge music! 
The sushi is by far the best of New Orleans. We started with the yellow tail sashimi, which had a little kick to it and was awesome. We ordered the Fuji roll (with tempura lobster) and Cowboy roll (stone crab with filet on top)... Both I highly recommend!! I had the sticky rice mango cocktail, which was phenomenal. 
Definitely check this place out :)Horribly bad experience! Ill prepared food and total disregard for food restrictions / allergies resulting in sickness!!!
My wife has Celiac's so we are very careful about the places we go to eat and what/how we order. We asked if they had Gluten free soy sauce but they did not which wasn't a huge deal because we carry the Soy Sauce packets just for this situation. 
We ordered our standards, Salmon sashimi, tuna, yellowtail and salmon nigiri and a Spicy tuna roll. 
To say the service was slow is and understatement! Besides a single person at the bar and another couple that came in AFTER we did, the place was wide open so it wasn't like they were swamped. 
We finally received our food and immediately it is apparent that our waiter's lack of writing anything down when we were ordering was a failure to communicate because we received Tuna sashimi instead of Salmon. But, hey, we could order more and it wasn't such a big deal. But that was just the beginning of the disaster. 
One piece of nigiri had bones in it! Yes bones!!! Another had a fish scale under the meat. And to top it all off, my wife got the first piece of the spicy tuna roll and immediately knew something was wrong but wasn't quit sure what. I take a bite and realize it is a spicy, fried crawfish roll!!!
Needless to say, we immediately left right after informing the manager but of course the damage for my wife is done as I watch helpless as she is sick today from the Gluten within the crawfish roll.Great food..horribleee service..get it together V Sushi!!!..coulda been amazing y'all playinFood was amazing !! We were pleasantly surprised with this place that we found on a whim , we were nervous at 1st the restaurant is beautifully decorated , great music and feel but it was totally empty at 6:00 for dinner but our food was outstanding sushi , lobster egg rolls and even the ribeye were all cooked and made to perfection!!! Hidden gem in NOLAThere's always room for more in New Orleans! Sushi, Pizza, Cocktails, Beignets, Sno Balls. Crawfish. Sushi (again)...V's has an upscale look with an asian appeal. 
Don't let the exterior fool you. When you enter, you will be WILDLY surprised. It's really a huge restaurant inside with two or three bars! There will be a club opened soon for my techno friends. I consider myself a 'hot spot enthusiast'. .....Translated- I love new spots and shade the old lol. Just kidding. 
V's will cultivate a new crowd to this area. Lots are. Lots of seating in this asian restaurant. In here, I feel like I am in Asia but it has that New Orleans feel. 
Love the decor, drink selection and food menu. Happy Hour! Get ready folks!! The soft opening was this week and they should be officially open next week. Look out for this cool place and let's start talkin about it!Terrible service! Terrible food!  Terrible vibe!   Arrived as a group with a reservation.  Everyone ordered martini's (it is a martini bar).  Waitress brought them,  we each had a few sips, waitress came back and without a word took them all back.  Came back shortly explaining that they were distributed wrong and now she had the correct ones.  This took 1/2 hour.  Another 1/2 hour goes by, waiter comes around we ask how long food might take he says no worries 15-20 minutes.  An hour later no food, then stuff comes out of order, no sushi (the sushi guy is right there), waiter brings a dish says he won't be adding it to the bill, this goes on we ask for the bill everything he was comping was on the bill.  Endless house music playing, have to walk through an empty nightclub to get to the restaurant . Went to the Copper Monkey for dinner we were so hungry.  As a local I know there are ton's of other restaurants in the FQ.  Off the list!Its not bad for what it is, cool, hip, fun, if your into that scene. Food was good, kinda expensive but its understandable because of location. Would I go back? maybe after I get this horrid techno beat out of my head..Martini was not very good. Too much club music at dinner time place was free to get in (according to past reviews that's an improvement) highlight was the cute door man. Didn't have any food but it all looked good. Not worth the trip insideThis afternoon we walked around scoping out where to eat for dinner tonight. We came across this place and Solomon was standing at the door. He told us what a fabulous place this was to eat.  He took us inside. Showed us all around. Introduced us to the chef .... And then told us our meal would be half price. Well..... I'm definitely one to love a good deal. 
When dinner time came around we walked to the restaurant. The place wasn't crowded at all. I guess since its a block off Bourbon Street it's just not visible to most people. 
We got a wonderful place to sit. It was like a leather couch in a private setting by the bar. They had 4 TV's in the area we were. They also have a separate Sushi area. (Btw.... The fish looked amazing at the sushi bar). 
We had a few drinks, calamari, and steaks with crab on top. The food was mouth watering!  And of course the drinks were good. Actually they have 36 different Martinis to choose from.......It's a shame I'm not a martini drinker. 
However.... There was one major problem. Our waitress was AWFUL!!!! .... I mean REALLY AWFUL!!! 
I wanted so badly to give this place more stars..... But the service from our waitress was absolutely terrible!!! I even kept being nice to her thinking that sugar and spice might get us better service. .... NOPE. It never improved. If we had better service I would have given it 5 stars. But our waitress just couldn't show up. It's a good thing the restaurant wasn't crowded. She couldn't have handled it. 
So.... I don't know what to say. Great environment. Really cool restaurant. Amazing food. BUT.... The service was AWFUL!!!  
I'd try it again. Maybe I'll get a different waitress.Loved the menu, the cool modern ambiance...quite different for the French quarter..sushi was one of the best we have had..we are quite picky! 
Wine selection was non existent but I lucked out on 2 for 1 Wednesdays!very bad service and extremely pricey and it took them 45min to bring a plain veg roll out and 15min latter the took out a seconded roll that i never oderrf they made a mistake and i ask to speak to someone in charge he was rude and nasty and me snd my husband where the only two in the restaurant so it shoukd have never took two hrs for one roll.Ended up here because it was across from our hotel and we were tired after a long day walking around the French Quarter. What a pleasant surprise!!  Great decor and the seafood pad Thai special was amazing. Huge scallops, a whole little lobster tail and tons of shrimp. Bartender was having a little trouble getting the martini down right, so I dinged them slightly. However, I would definitely go back and highly recommend them.HORRIBLE!! I went last night with a large group and our dining experience was terrible as soon as we walked in the door. We waited about 5 minutes before being greeted. Once seated, we were given dirty table linen. Yes, dirty! The linen was stained and some linens were even frayed at the edges. Our party put in drink orders first. The drinks took about 45 mins to get to our table... One by one. The bartender was very friendly, but she was overworked and therefore very slow with filling our orders. We then placed our food orders. Our food came out just as the drinks did, one by one. One person in the group was given her food 45 mins before others began to get served. The food was decent, but nothing to "write home about." The food was not served on trays; instead, the waitress carried the plates with her THUMB on the plate, sometimes touching the food itself! GROSS! Some of us in the party even had instances where we ordered 1 thing and was served something different without an explanation that the item was no longer available on the menu. My biggest gripe was the terrible service and lack of cleanliness. The waitstaff appeared to be clueless and disinterested. After we ate, we were very ready to leave. Very ready. It then took the waitress an additional 30 mins to prepare our bills even though all orders were taken separately, by seat number, and the expectation for separate checks was already discussed. Of course, some checks came out wrong! We finally paid and got out of there. To say the least, we were more than patient and we will never be going here again!Fantastic and intriguing atmosphere - lots of neon red lights. Sushi was absolutely amazing, and their happy hour from 5-7 is unbeatable.  BOGO Sushi & Martinis (specific sushis listed, have to get the same martinis for the 2 for 1). So good :)Our second visit to V was a reassurance that it will be our favorite place to eat sushi at in our city. The effort they put forth in preparing and presenting is very noticeable. Make sure you visit this classy, affordable restaurant and bar,  great food, awesome staff! Try the cowboy roll! 
GnJWe got some sushi as well as a shrimp and scallop plate. The potatoes that came underneath the shrimp and scallops were absolutely amazing! Sushi was also fresh. Would definitely come here again.(:My first and last unfortunately. For a Friday night it was dead and service was terribly slow. Cocktails took 40 min and food order took 45 minutes to an hour. Our server seemed to bothered by us sitting in his area but did change his attitude after awhile. Could be a great hotspot .I was down there for Memorial Day weekend and I cannot say enough good things about this place! The food, drinks and presentation were all amazing! The food was delivered in such detail and it was pretty delicious. The staff were all so pleasant as well. I will def plan on going back when I visit NoLa again. 
Ps the place is right off bourbon so after eating you can hit up the bar inside the restaurant and after go bar hopping!Awesome! Great food, great service. So glad that there is a sushi place in the quarter!This place deserves an A+ for food, drinks, overall value, atmosphere and service!  This is a great place for a date night for anyone who loves good sushi!
We were visiting from out of town and initially a bit skeptical if this place was going to be a bit of a "tourist trap" or not but once inside we were impressed on every level.  The atmosphere was contemporary and classy, the cocktails were fantastic and the sushi was reasonably priced and delicious!
Our server was Liz and she was one of the most attentive and professional servers I have had in a long time.  She made a great sushi roll recommendation that was not on the menu.  It had Tuna and Yellowtail with shrimp Tempura and Jalapeños in it and was  just the right level of spicy and very tasty!  We also tried the sea bass roll which was delicious and the Louisiana roll with crawfish tempura in it which was also unique and very good!  I have had a lot of sushi in the past and can only recommend this place in every way!If I could give this place a substar I would. We walk in and the place was open for the sugar bowl.   Not packed at all. Owner/manager says we can only order appetizers or entree, no sushi. No problem. We will just order a couple apps to hold us over for the game. We order lobster tacos and beef tataki. We literally waited over 40+ minutes and yes the waiter did apologize. When it was clear it wasn't coming I walked to manager/owner and told her that we were leaving bc we had been waiting for so long. Her response was a curt "OK". That's it. Needless to say we will not be back ever.What an awesome place. Exactly what was missing in New orleans. A posh supper club, great music, amazing quality sushi. Picture a restaurant with Vegas or Los Angeles standards, then add steroids to the image! 
Hope more people find out about this gem. Best sushi I have ever had with the most extensive sake menu list. So happy to live walking distance to this place. I take everyone who visits from out of town, they LOVE it.Great food and friendly staff. The atmosphere is upscale lounge with EDM music with DJs and private VIP areas.We happened onto V right as they were opening for the day.  We were greeted by the manager who couldn't have serviced us any better.  He showed us around the entire place and took the time to introduce us to the owner.  This place is amazing!!  Great drinks, superb sushi.  They had a happy hour when we were there that was a great deal.  The décor inside is Vegas like-- very impressive.  I would strongly recommend and definitely will be a return customer next time in New Orleans.One of the best sushi rolls I have ever had! Ordered the red dragon? I think that's what I was called. Also had two Martinis- the cucumber refresher and the Cosmo. Both delicious. Bartender was super sweet.