I came here for the first time on 5/30/2020 & I was so disappointed! This place has a lot of appeal but it lacks quality service. We had a party of four and we were told by the waitress that there was open seating upstairs. My friends and I sat upstairs in a vacant section & as we got comfortable then the waitress came back & took our orders. We each ordered a drink and different flavored hookah. A young Arab guy walked over to us and he asked if someone sat us there. We told him what the waitress told us & he told us we needed to move and go downstairs to be seated. We told him about our order and he was like well I thought you were with a particular somebody that's why I let y'all come up here. We were like cancel the order, because then we got the notion we just weren't welcome here. They don't ever have to worry about me or my friends going back there again. The place is nice for nothing, because their staff lacks professionalism and true hospitality. Don't waste your time going here! I'm a NOLA Native & it is a poor representation of what we truly offer as a hot spot!This spot was just okay. Nothing spectacular. The customer service could've been a lot better, everything was slow to come out.I had an amazing time at Vandal! I work with celebrity clientele and their vibe is perfect for after work or dinner/drinks. Love the VIP! Great atmosphere and music. I tried Hookah for the first time and really enjoyed it. Definitely smoother than I expected! I'll be back for sure!Though I'm 23,  this place seems to have a "younger" vibe. The line was long but the wait time wasn't bad! Also each staff member was friendly! If you're a Hookah enthusiast like me, I wouldn't recommend this place due to the ambience and music selection. Def not your typical hookah. If I wanted to "turn up" I would've went to a club. Great drinks, friendly staff, and amazing drinks but that music is trashhhh.Amazing place, great bar, prompt service good hookahs. The food is fantastic, one of the best hummus in Nola. Definitely what the city needed. The service is great, Sierra has been my server every time and she's amazing.This was my second time coming to Vandal. I enjoyed the atmosphere again. But the service was  extremely poor. When we first sat down all the staff glanced at us for at least 5 minutes before a server decided to come. Thoughout our visit the server barely glanced at us and the few times we were able to get her attention she was cold. I would never expect a server to be all smiles and jolly but I do expect a certain level of attentiveness. I observed her catering to other patrons better than us. On a positive note, the coal servers were very personable and attentive. I will possibly come back because it is a great spot but I hope I don't get the same server. I suggest they talk to the staff about customer service.First time here, and would definitely try again. 
Pros: the hookah was on point and was hitting smooth and strong without being overly harsh. I don't smoke regularly, so this is a major plus for me. The staff was friendly and inviting, and the ambiance was sultry. Even the patrons were attractive, making me feel a little out of place. Definitely dress up a bit and pretend to be cool. Another positive is the unisex bathrooms with UV hand dryers. 
Cons: we ordered the spinach goat cheese pizza which needed to be put under the broiler for a few minutes: it was cold and tasted store bought. Another negative was the configuration of chairs and heaters in the outdoor area: it was hard to maneuver around without bumping into other people, and with COVID, the tent and closeness can't be the best idea...definitely needed more airflow and separation. 
Will come back for another try and for the above average hookah.Very nice vibe, the waitress was nice and the service was fast. The food was so good. I do not smoke hookah but my friends enjoyed their hookah.If you're in New Orleans I strongly recommend to whoever wants great service everybody was friendly and always making sure you are takin care of with a smile on their faces. The vibes were all good and positive. Let's not forget besides the Amazing Hookahs the food was beyond phenomenal Krystal was our server and she was taking care of our section and handled all our needs she was always on top of everything.If you like hookah and want a low key relaxing night out then this is my suggested place to go to. Came here on a Wednesday night & the drinks were good, the music being played was good. They have games available for customers to play such as connect 4, jenga, UNO cards. It's a dope place for a low key night. The food looked really good, I personally didn't order anything but my party of 6 did order some appetizers and they said it was very good. The hookah has a variety of flavors and every so often the staff changed the coal.Went here for my birthday, just to do something different, and the vibe was relaxed, and laid back. The wings was good. They have a good selection of hookah, food and drinks. I will return!Awesome place love the vibe and the scenery.  The food was awesome and drinks was on point.  It was super busy so took a Lil while to order but besides that wonderful place.  Hookah was very nice and loved the skittles flavor a must try. Definitely will be back again !! Kinda costly but well worth it.Great vibes, good music. The sampler was perfect for sharing. Drinks were good and strongService was great ! Food was amazing! The shish Kabob was very good. The Hookah was good but we got the grapefruit head and I think the regular Hookah would have been better.This is Me & me friends favorite chill shot . Really good food &  , I love the Scooby Doo Hookah .Whether I'm cramming for a final or celebrating an A, Noor and the staff at Vandal always take care of me and my friends!! Great atmosphere no matter what the occasion. The food is always hot and fresh. I love the chicken quesadillas! The On The Run drink always gets me right!Awesome atmosphere with great food! I recommend the tacos and lemon mint drink. The hookahs are fresh and have disposable hoses which is a plus.the vibe and scenery is beautiful. Butt.. please check out the menu before going or before ordering!! We didn't get a menu and asked the waiter what was the most ordered drinks. After she told us I proceeded to ask her how much the drinks were, she was like oh idk but ima go find out.  She came back like 10 minutes later with our drinks and by that time I forgot I even asked. When we got the bill, a small lil Mardi Gras size cup was $14/15( then I barley drink any of my drink because it was nasty and she was all over the place so I just kept it). I revised the bill I Then asked her are these prices right because lord $60 is a lot of money for two drinks and a hookah..... she was like yeah I bartend sometimes too and they're all about that price.. soooo mind you she lied because when I asked her in the beginning when ordering she said she didn't know the drink prices. I would have NEVER paid 14 dollars for a little drink like that. Great vibes but not having a menu for your customers, lying about knowing the prices and then charging us a 8.00 gratuity for service like that?? Not pleased. The service, drinks and being lied to was not $60!!!  If I didn't experience this, the vibes and scenery would have given this place a 5.If you like hookah and nice place to smoke a hookah your in the right place. Reasonable prices and the food "I heard" was delicious. Me and the wifey just ordered every mix drink on the menu and smoked a hookah. The mixed cocktails was not good at all so go with what you know and you should be good. The hookah flavors was really good and they bring out new out the wrapper pipe and filter for the hookah due to COVID. If on the weekend I advise getting there before 9pm because around 930/1000 it will be a wait.I love this place! Super chill! Very modern with beautiful decor. Parking wasn't a problem for me but I could see how it could be for others when it's packed. But y'all know how street parking in New Orleans can be. The owner is as nice as can be! Just for his hospitality alone, I'll be back! He answered all of our questions and gave us a few laughs. Me and my girls bought a bottle and got a section upstairs. The service was great. Speedy and friendly! The music was good as well. The ambiance was great. The food is really good (try the wings) and so were the drinks. The hookah special was $10 for basic flavors and you can mix flavors if you want. Definitely a good place to hangout and catch up with friends.A really nice chill spot ...gave 4stars I don't like street parking other than that great spot.,,We ordered hummus & shrimp tacos. The Food & portion size was good, just needed flavor (request salt & hot sauce lol). Our food came out fast & the place was socially distanced. Real chill vibe.Great customer service! Was pleased with the Circles flavored hookah. Comfortable,good music and great variety of spirits! Will be back!I came to this new spot on Sunday and I was taken care of by Amber. She was great! Good personality and even better customer service. I ordered the buffalo wings and fries. So good. I had a hookah as well. My only thing I had a issue with was the other guy behind the bar he appeared to be very rude. I overheard customers talking to Amber about her taking care of his guest. And he wouldn't even acknowledge them when they had a issueI came here one weekday while it was storming rain so I expected it to be empty but to my surprise there were no tables available. It's a very small spot, there's only about 6 tables and some people looked like they had been sitting for hours. My friend and I ended up sitting at the bar which was also full. The chairs at the bar are pretty close to each other and you have to sit the hookahs on the floor which could easily become a hazard. The hookah was good and there were plenty of flavors to choose from. I ordered the hummus and it was sooo flavorless! I ended up asking for Tabasco just to give it a taste. The entire upstairs is apparently dedicated only to those getting bottle service so not sure how it looks up there. There's a pretty big covered outdoor area too! We wanted to move out there but it was too much of a hassle to have to move our hookah outside by ourselves. I read some reviews that said there was a time limit on tables but I saw people sitting at the same tables when I arrived and still there after I left and I was there about 2 and a half hours!Good vibes, good music and good food. Everyone is super nice and respectful. People aren't all in your space and on top of each other. Hookah flavors OMGCame to NOLA this past weekend with my best friend. We decided to go to a hookah lounge on our first night and Vandals did not disappoint love their courtyard,music,waitresses were bomb too and of course the drinks and food. To top it off we had BIG E the amazing security guard wait with us to make sure we got in our Lyft okay. He even recommended one of the best restaurants during our visit - Morrows . Long story short just go here if your looking for a good vibe !I can't say enough good things about this place!! We've needed a good hookah spot in nola for so long and finally we have one! The look and vibe of Vandal is so unique- it's a perfect balance of chill and elevated. Hookahs are always perfect, the drinks are great, the food is delicious, and their staff is always super accommodating, welcoming, and drop dead gorgeous!
Going there during Covid, I'm always happy with how clean the place is! 5 stars but 6 if I could.I called ahead of time to see what time their hookah lounge time ened. They said 1:15 was their last call....so we ordered an uber and headed over. We showed up a half hour before their last call, and before we got out of the car, they said they were closed for the night.Went here with my cousin and her husband who were visiting from out of town. Enjoyed the recommended pomegranate-guava flavor and coals were replenished on time by attentive staff. Mint tea was good but saucers and sugar cubes would have made the experience perfect. Hopefully next time I will be able to try the food for a fuller comparison to Stella Maris down the street from me.Great vibe and food. However, they do not provide water. You can only get bottled water ($3), not even tap. Which is essential, especially when smoking hookah or drinking alcohol. Water is the basics. Other than that, it's a good place.Great ambience! Really really good drinks and food. Hookah a bit expensive but it's sooo worth it, can't wait to visit again!This place is absolutely amazing. After a bad incident down the street with another hookah bar, we came here, which was the best decision of my night. We came in and got seated immediately with a party of 6 I was surprised. Our waitress Ashley was great! Nice personality and attentive. We ordered 3 hookah and all the flavors didn't disappoint. We all ordered food. The sampler was fye!! We were all happy with our meals. 5 stars I definitely recommend. Will be back whenever I come to visit New OrleansI give this place 3 stars because it was majorly overpriced. The food is expensive and so are the drinks. The hookah is moderately priced. They charge a mandatory 18% gratuity and a $10 service charge; also if you order water the only option is Fuji water at $6 a bottle... all of which I thought was ridiculous. The drinks are watered down and the hookah was weak. 
However the atmosphere was nice, I did enjoy the vibe of the place. Music was nice, it was not over crowded and there were fans outside to help cool down from the extreme Nola summer heat.This hookah lounge is awesome. The workers are super nice, always checking on you to see if you need anything. The vallet service is super quick easy and safe. The food is amazing, you will not find better food when you are trying to have a good time and eat. Definitely recommend going here amazing experience and scenery!!Heard lots of buzz about this place so I decided to give it a try. Cool place to socialize with friends while you PSSITA! Food and drink service was fast, QR code for menu. We ordered the chicken wings, nothing to brag about. The drinks were kinda pricey. Ultimately, I'd say go for the hookah, and social environment. Ask for the Scooby Doo flavor!Noor the Manager/Owner has been very hospitable since day one..My friends and I study here at least twice a week and it's always a welcoming atmosphere. They know their customers and there's never an issue with my orders. The service is always prompt with minimal mistakes. The food is prepared in a timely manner. Highly recommend the chicken shwarma. Bar has a wide variety of liquor wines to choose from.This place has what your looking for...good food, hookah, drinks, DJ, & atmosphere. We waited in line for about 30 minutes until a table was ready. But it was worth the wait...we ended up being seated at a table with lounge furniture. It was really nice.I was visiting New Orleans in May 2021 and ended up here 2 nights in a row, service, food, drinks & hookah are on point. The prices are also reasonable & the decor is fly, spacious patio area, good for small or large groups. Will visit anytime I'm in town.Visited Vandal for the first time with friends for a quick bite to eat. We were immediately greeted by Ralph (he's cool as a fan) and Kia (she's super sweet).
Of course we ordered a Hookah, why else would we come. But let me tell you!!! That lamb chop dinner, Greek salad, and tacos?!!! We came, we ate, we loved! 
Let me not forget the martinis we had to wash it all down. 
I definitely recommend this place and we will be going back again, like maybe tomorrow! 
Thank you Vandal for a great experience! Your Virginia friends will be back sooner than you think!I can't help but give this place 5 stars!  They allowed us to book LAST MINUTE section for a watch party on a Wednesday and then double back and allowed us to book a party two days later on a Friday.  
They were soooooooo accommodating, extremely sweet, & I had a blast. To be honest, I can't speak to the food, but everyone was inhaling it.They gave me spoiled chicken and it was cold. There is really nothing else to say. When I told the waitress she didn't feel like it was a situation she could mend. She didn't offer me to remake the food or a refund. 
I feel like if there food was better they would get so much more business but the food is subpar. Something that seems anyone can cook.
Also there doesn't need to be a time limit on seating. There are more tactful ways to turn tables that doesn't involve upsetting your paying customers.Excellent safe fun environment. Each time I visit New Orleans I make it a point to stop in for a few drinks, hookah and food.Aaliyah our bartender was very friendly and knowledgeable. She recommended drinks on the fly all while being efficient and professional. I love that their menu is a scan code; I think it's due to COVID but I think it's sustainable and should keep it long after COVID. Also, the decor is chic: gold bar stools, cowhide rugs, velvet chairs and super cool dope art. There are also outlets and brushed gold purse hooks under the bar. The hookahs are smooth with new and clean looking hookahs. I ordered the fruity pebbles with mint... delish. The food is also just as good with great presentation. I ordered the gyro plate with hummus and fries. Vandal is a gem on the "new" Tulane Ave and is definitely my new hookah spot.I went to vandal this past Saturday and the overall experience was cool. The line moved fast and they accommodated all of our needs, except allowing me to use the upstairs  restroom. I asked the bouncer/doorman, an African American  male with a beard and dreads, can I used the restroom upstairs because I had been there before several times & used that bathroom when the downstairs one line was long with no problem. He passed a comment saying "You are cute but not that cute. No!" For the record I am a 35 year old, well traveled African American female who has been in many vips, including vandals. I have no reason to want to go upstairs but only to used the restroom. He could've walked me to it if needed. We all know how that can be indulging in alcohol. That comment was beyond rude and disrespectful. He could've simply said no, or there was a private party, or it was closed to the public. Anything other than an insulting comment to a customer who is choosing to patronize that business. So for that reason, it left a bad taste in my mouth and decided to leave this review. If you have to take piss, go before you get there. Signed a cute but not that cute female.Last night, a slow Monday evening, I tried one of their non-alcoholic drinks to ease into the work week, the Gimme Noor. It's very refreshing made with hibiscus tea, lemon juice, & golden glitter syrup which made a great compliment to hookah. I told the server I love mint, and even though the drink doesn't come with mint leaves, the bartender added them for me and it was perfect! I really appreciate the attention to detail and small acts of kindness. This drink is my new go-to in the warmer months.Not only did we wait 30min for drinks, We were also treated unfairly. Management was very unprofessional. They pick and choose who their two hour time limit applies to. So be prepared no matter how much money you spend to be harassed and KICKED OUT if you're not a  "regular" . We will not be back.Visited during Thanksgiving weekend/Bayou Classic.
It was our last night in NOLA. Found this spot and was pleased. Very nice with a large patio. There is a time limit on the tables but it wasn't a big deal because it was two of us. Ordered the hookah, would recommend trying the pound cake.The atmosphere is very chic and upscale. You can tell a lot of thought and care went into the space. The hookah options are plentiful and the food is delicious and the drinks are strong.  Can be a little on the pricey side compared to other Hookah Lounges in the area.Favorite hookah lounge
Its definitely a vibe. Music playing , tvs on with sports games. Theres a bar inside or booth against the wall w tables and chairs & two couches with a table. The food is good , its free to get in hookahs start at 25$. I love the supacent!I ordered two tiramisus for me and my sister using DoorDash. When they came they were frozen solid which I was disappointed because I thought we were receiving fresh made dessert. Naturally I waited for it to defrost, and when I checked on it after it had thawed it was covered in mold and smells absolutely dreadful!I thought something special was inside from the hype outside.  Inside is just a long wait for overpriced drinks. I was constantly ignored over other patrons.  The guy next to me was a regular & pretty nice.  He eventually waived someone down to help me.  Guess he took pity on me.  I tried to order a second drink but instead of taking my order they just showed up with the bill.  I took it as a sign that I wasn't wanted, gave up, & went elsewhere in MidCity.  The whole vibe was I didn't matter enough to be acknowledged.  Tho, they didn't mind charging me Ritz-Carlton prices for a small little drink.Had a poor experience last night. A friend and I arrived pretty early when is slow. We were having such a good time that our tab was $160 before we tipped the waitress. Apparently we had been there for hours. We were never told there was a seating limit of two hours. We were still spending money after the two hour limit and no one ever said anything. Literally hours later out waitress was told by whoever this guy was that she had to close our tab. We had just refilled our hookah and another friend came. He bought a drink from the bar. We're still smoking the hookah that we just paid for a refill and I'm guessing he's a manager. He comes to the table and tells us we have to get up because we've been there too long. Remind you we purchased about 6-8 top shelf drinks, 3 appetizers, a hookah, and hookah refill. We've spent money the entire time we sat at the table, but it was the way he spoke to us to tell us we had to get up. It was understood that they were getting busy. The approach was the problem. After we began to speak to the waitresses and the owner about it, we were then told we could continue to sit if we opened a new tab. MAKE IT MAKE SENSE! I randomly walked into this place on the second day it opened and supported from the beginning. After last night, I won't be back. Along with the people who were at the table. It's unfortunate, but the customer service was unacceptable last night.Went for the first time last night and let me tell THAT WAS THE LAST DAMN TIME!!!!!!!! We waited almost 2hours to be seated (party of 7) every big party that came in was seated before us, a waitress NEVER came to see if wanted to order drinks or shit if we just needed a lil tap water (mind you was humid as hell last night). When we asked about drinks one waitress told her "this isn't my section,but I will call the waitress who has this section... yea you guessed it NO ONE STILL NEVER CAME!!!!! We caught up with the Mgr (i guess) and he said well it's a waiting game for y'all WHATTTTTT. NEVER GOING HERE AGAIN AND I ADVISE ANYONE AND EVERYONE TO NEVER GO, THEIR SERVICE IS SOOOOOOO SHITTY, DONT BE FOOLED BY THE HYPE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I always come here! Its a little pricey but its a nice vibe. Love the hookahs and the outdoor patio ambiance is great.Love the vibe and atmosphere!! Best hookah spot in New Orleans!!