Wow! Don't miss out on wonderful food, immaculate service with great prices! Just missing out on a table bread...which I understand is not traditional Italian but boy oh boy  their sauces deserve not to be wasted.My friend and I had the best experience here tonight. Everyone was so helpful and friendly. The servers Sebastian and Eduardo were hilarious and sweet, sit with one of them if you have the chance. Management was very helpful and caring throughout our entire experience. Everything we ordered was perfect! Definitely one of our new favorite places to eat! Can't wait to go backThis is my favorite restaurant. That is a talk order to fill since our city is all about door. We are very fortunate to get the same waiters Rob and Eduardo who are outstanding in a professional and personality sense. Enjoy each meal, each time.Mama Mia! Now this is Italian!
I remember eating here as a little girl.  A visit to Venezia was a big deal and called for a dress.  I thought this place was huge.  This place has changed a lot since I was a little girl, but the food hasn't.  Still delicious!
Don't let the atmosphere of this place fool you.  It looks like a regular neighborhood restaurant with white paper atop the table, but the food is phenomenal.  The service is very good, the waiters are very attentive and intuitive, they think of everything about a nanosecond before you do.  They also know the menu very well.  These are the waiters who can recite every ingredient or cooking process without having to look at the menu.  They offer pairings and know how to tempt to order an additional item, or try a particular sauce.  Experts at influencing and you will love them for it.
For a Friday night dinner, I tried one of the specials, Veal Pontchartrain.  This may be the best Italian meal I have ever had in my life!  The super tender veal was lightly breaded and panned to perfection.  The veal is accompanied by a brothy lemon sauce (think Picatta) with quartered artichoke hearts and lump blue crab.  It is also available with the drum; I wish I would have had enough stomach capacity to order one of each.  If you spot this on the menu, get it, do not think twice, order it and close the menu.  If you prefer traditional Italian, you will also find wonderful Veal Parmesan and Shrimp Fettuccine portions are rather large, so plan to be full and use up every last inch of your stomach.  The fried calamari is also a good appetizer and I can't resist ordering it on every visit.
The restaurant is rather quiet and draws a mix of people, but it's a great place for a date or family meal.  The place may not look like much, but this is a jewel in Mid-City and you are in for a special treat when you dine here.Good old fashioned, stereotypical, Creole-Italian food. This place is the embodiment of New Orleans Italian Cuisine. They do magical things with veal.I think I expected a different restaurant when I looked at it from the outside.
I ordered the Veggie pizza and it was very average.  Nothing particularly special. It filled me up so I wasn't able to try any of the appetizers or other things other Yelpers have talked about.
The waitstaff was fine, but the pizza wasn't particularly good, and I am not sure I'd go back.Venezia is homestyle Italian.  Daily specials, and a lovely group of folks who work there make this a good place to lunch.  nobody's trying to impress you here.  Right near Angelo Brocatto's, so go get a gelatto after you dine.  Cooking here is like momma used to make.  The meatloaf rules.We have been coming here for the past 30 or so years. Now my folks live out of state, but we make the trip across the causeway nearly every time they come in town for some Venezia's and Brocatos afterwards.Other reviewers have captured the essence of this place perfectly in 3 words-old school Italian. Think large portions of bleached, white pasta, red sauce and meats galore and a no-frills (yet perfectly clean and orderly) dining area.
We went as a carbo-loading event pre-marathon. I had pasta with meat sauce and garlic bread (If you're going to do carbs, you may as well do carbs, right?) both were good but nothing extraordinary. Pasta sauce is a bit on the sweet side and is definitely very meaty. Worth note that the pasta was uber salty, so make sure to hydrate adequately after your meal!
I think the biggest turn-offs for me were:
Difficulty finding parking
Lack of waiting area (standing room only with a few seats near the bar)
No lobby (It was uber cold and no matter that we were sitting near the back, you could still feel a blast of cold air every time so,someone walked in)
Turn-ons:
In a cool neighborhood
Local vibe
Straightforward, old-school menuMy wife took me out on a date here, its a nice place worth going back to try other meals. The parking sucks you might get lucky and find a spot in front or the side street but we had to park way in the back. Walking in it felt low key and somewhere your in and out quick. I ordered Veal my wife Ordered Meatballs and Spaghetti, my Veal was awesome, very tender lots of Flavor and my first thought was "Damn this would make an Killa Poboy". I tried my wife's dish and the meatballs were really good, but the red gravy was not good to me. Maybe it was my taste buds but i have bad better out a jar from the grocery, but that is my opinion. The wait staff was nice and quick, i guess the only thing i didn't like was being so close to the front door, every time someone opened it you felt the chilled wind. Overall we had a nice dinner date and would gladly go back, if we can find a parking spot lolThis a a good restaurant in a good location. While I am not a fan of the pizza (i think they get all their ingredients from Sysco), the veal supreme is fantastic. The service is always professional and timely. Large portions, an old school atmosphere, and a great location make this a excellent choice in Mid-City.Mmmmm one of my all time favorite places.The food is always excellent.Pizza is really good and the Eggplant Vatacian is out of this world.The food here probably ranges from a 2 to 3 star depending on what you get.  The worst thing I ever ate here was a seafood lasagna that was so bad I couldn't eat more than a few bites of it.  The regular lasagna, manicotti, spaghetti, eggplant dishes, and parmesan dishes are usually good.  They have decent pizza and pasta with some inconsistent execution of their main entrees.  The best thing about this place is that you typically get good value and large portions so you will definitely never go away hungry after a meal here, however, you should save some room for dessert at nearby Brocato's after.It was my first trip. We got the spinach and artichoke bread which was awesome. 
I got the Veal Supreme (fried veal in a seafood cream sauce). The veal was awesome, but the sauce was a little tangy for my tastes. It was full of shrimp and crawfish though. 
Everybody else loved their food. I'll be back.Delicious delicious pizza.  If they delivered, it'd be perfect.  The ambiance is not particularly good, at least at 5 in the evening.  The people were super friendly when I picked up my pizza, though, and I'm sure we'll be ordering there again.It's been a while since I ate at Venezia so I decided to give it to retry. The osso bucco was fabulous! I told the waitress I was in a hurry and she got me in and out of there in 30 minutes! It was busy. It was a borderline miracle! Maybe the best thing about eating here is you get to go have dessert at Angela brocatosI next-door after.I can't wait to go back and try some of the other things I saw. The pizza looked fantastic! The lady next to me ordered barbecue shrimp with gnocchi and it looked awesome. Definitely repeatLong wait. Good fatty Italian food.  Will have a better review once I try the pizza :)Celebrated our wedding anniversary with dinner at Venezia last night. My husband had never been before so I was excited and hoped he'd love it as much as I do. Food was stellar as it has been the past times I've gone. I had the Eggplant Vatican and my hubs had the blackened drum. Both were very good! This would have been a 5 star review but the service was not worthy of it. It was 20 minutes before our drink order was taken and I had to ask the hostess twice to send our waiter over. Then our waiter disappeared for long periods of time. I'm not usually one to complain- I just won't go back again. But the food is so good we decided to speak to one of the owners who was apologetic. We will go back again but will ask to be seated in a specific waiter's section. Maybe we'll try the pizza next time- we noticed a lot of them coming out of the kitchen.We popped in 15 minutes before they were due to close hoping to get a takeout pizza, the waiter was more than happy to accommodate us and welcomed us to wait at the bar whilst we chose from the menu.
We went for the house special and again they were happy to substitute ingredients as my partner isn't crazy about artichokes hearts.
The pizza was awesome, really good quality ingredients and lots of them!We tried the muffuletta for the first time and it is delicious!! I can't wait to get it again. We also ordered the pizza! Soooo good!!! The service is always great! This is one of our favorite Italian restaurants!!!House salad contains olives .No it doesn't it contains 1 olive lol.C'mon guys 1 olive?Maybe the kitchen staff can't count any higher than 1...I usually don't like gloomy restaurants, but this is nice. They make the best veggie pizzasI just had a, "I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet" moment. It's one of those places that my family has been going to for years so it has a special place in my heart. It is a family run business and is often packed on any given night. It is on the small side with one dining room and a small bar area so it tends to fill up quick. I love their italian salad and the pizzas. I have also had several of their entrees and have never been disappointed. The entree portions are huge and easily could be split between two people. The service is always super warm and friendly so you feel like you are a part of their big italian family. Don't forget to cap off the night with dessert at Brocato's for a true Italian experience.reservations for simple Italian? Crazy but true. It's worth it - great traditional Italian food. Good service. Simple comfy atmosphere. Convenient location too.Ordered the Cannelloni which is one of if not the best thing on the menu. The house salad is a waste of money and time as its filled with soggy cheap iceberg lettuce. Venezia is ok but not great Italian food.I have gone to Venezia many times before but never had a meal as good as I did yesterday from them. First, the house salad was excellent with an olive oil dressing that was absolutely perfect. Then the absolute best cheese bread you can get followed by Cannelloni that was to die for. This place has really stepped up its game especially on the red sauce which is now perfect. 
You can't talk to bad about this place on here because remember its (formerly) mob owned. Just saying......Parking is pretty much non-existent, so be prepared to walk (especially if you go on a Friday or Saturday evening).
We had a party of 11, including 2 kids, and had to wait. No biggie, except there really isn't a waiting area either. They suggested the bar area, but it was so crowded that people were tripping over each other. I was actually pretty worried that someone would spill a hot plate of spaghetti on me and/or my kid sitting on the bench. 
Anyway, we were eventually seated. The waiter did not seem pleased to have a huge table, even though an 18% gratuity would be automatically added onto our bill. Actually, maybe that's exactly why he wasn't pleasant - he didn't have to be. Drinks were refilled periodically, but otherwise, we didn't see much of him.
The food was alright. Definitely way above Olive Garden and  Italian chains, but nothing spectacular. I've definitely had better lasagna elsewhere. 
Really, the only reason I would come back is to have a decent Italian meal and then follow it up down the street with Brocato's gelato.Opened its doors in 1957! The food, alas, also tastes like it came from the same stank cold war bunker. I think my lasagne was what my college roommate once cooked using the Ragu sauce can recipe. Speaking of that lasagne; first my server coughed on it and didn't ask if that was OK to serve, and as the he claimed, the lasagne plate was "volcano hot" which was true and lead to the whole dish being burnt. Sitting at the bar I noticed my neighbour having this plastic-looking caesar salad, smothered in so much sauce and low-grade croutons that I also noticed her gag a few times eating it!
Pardon the pun, but that covers all the food I can stomach. How about the ugly duckling decor?! No art on the walls except for local sports posters? Silly. Stained carpeting, cheap dinning furniture, and that god-awful yellow paint all remind me of a Denny's. 
The 'icing on the cake' was that the TV was turned to Fox News. Now I'm not partial to reds or blues in politics, but why on earth would I want to listen to a bunch of angry suits spin some bull@#$t on the failures of others (never their own fault of course) while I eat my meal?! Never mind the fact that VIEWERS OF FOX NEWS KNOW LESS ABOUT CURRENT AFAIRS THAN THOSE WHO WATCH NOTHING AT ALL according to majority polls. I asked if they could change the channel but apparently some folks were still watching, transfixed by our apparent 'communist regime.'It pains me to say this,  but Venezia's has really gone down hill lately. My past 2 meals there have been nearly inedible. The eggplant was undercooked and the Alfredo sauce tasted like it came out of a jar.I still cannot get over how wonderful our first experience at Venezia was. From the Food to the service and everything in between everything was spectacular from the moment we walked through the door. It's been considered a New Orleans favorite since the late 1950s. We met people who have been regulars for 50 plus years and now I know why! We started with the antipasti, BBQ Shrimp, eggplant sticks. My finance had the cannelloni, I had the shrimp pasta, my aunt had the are spaghetti and meatballs and my cousin enjoyed a delicious 14oz steak. All for a very reasonable price. Venezia is highly recommended for all to try! You will not be disappointed.Walked in with no reservation and was seated immediately (we were only a 2 top).  Service was great, food was even better!  Thanks for taking care of us!We've been coming here for years.  There's nothing better than their salad...eggplant sticks...marinara sauce...garlic bread..spinach bread...pizza...angel hair pasta with mushrooms.  I could go on and on but I'm hungry now---Time to heat up the leftovers.Venezia is my favorite restaurant of all time! My grandparents starting brining me here since I was a kid. Venezia has character from the building that it resides in to the patrons that eat here. If only the walls could talk. All of the entrees are affordably priced with the 8 oz. filet steak listed at $24.95 being the most expensive. I truly enjoy ordering the grilled Veal Rib Chop, it arrives at the table sizzling on a hot plate. It is served with a choice of veggies, fries, or a plate of pasta. I have just about tried all the entrees and have enjoyed them all. For an appetizer I highly recommend the stuffed artichoke, along with warm garlic or cheese bread and go ahead and order a house salad which two people can easily share. 
It's a sure bet when I visit home (New Orleans), my wife and I will be dining here. It's a family tradition!Venezia's is the real deal. It has been a popular pizza stop as long as my family can remember (I'm the 3rd child, and 58). This is the real, Creole Italian (meaning, yeah, lots of seafood) but without losing any of its Italian authenticity. The red sauce is the real deal, the cannalloni is bliss on a dish, and the pizza is out of this world. If you are new to the idea of Creole Italian try the Eggplant Vatican and be ready for a rich seafood feast to match any you will find in New Orleans. You can pay a lot more in New Orleans for Creole Italian food this good for a bit more atmosphere than Venezia's very basic dinning room, but why would you want to? It's always crowded so go early or make a reservation, but keep in mind that only gets you on the reservation list instead of the walk-in list. It's that popular and for good reason, and always worth the wait.There is a bounty of good restaurants here in New Orleans. Venezia is by far one of my favorites. The food is basic and beautiful!  I mean that in the very best way. Italian food at its core is very simplistic. 
The wait staff here is the best!!!  Cost of food is on point. This is a great place to done any day of the week.Very good, traditional Italian restaurant in Mid City. Crowded with regulars on weekends so get there early, as even the bar taps out and you see masses on the sidewalk waiting sometimes! Best stuffed artichoke in town, or we have not found one better, yet. Very good pizzas too, and they have some of the best steaks and steak values in town - that is a bit of a surprise for most people. We love Impastatos too, and Sal and Judys and Del Porto on north shore. All above 4 stars, occasionally hit 5 stars but beware the waits. Worth it if you have the time. But now we can slide over to Brown Butter or Frey if Venezia wait is too long!Visited Venezia again last night.  Parking is still a problem..  Pizza, canneloni, Cesar salad, & calamari were all very, very good.  Eggplant Parmesan was served cold.
Crowded, noisy, good bar, a "locals" place.  Best Pizza in town.
RickBetter than it looks! You're welcome! Went back for 2nd visit. I'll be back again soon for the pizza.  
3rd trip for that spaghetti and meatballs. Fully awesomeVery good American style Italian, ate at the bar on a Sunday eve because of the 20 minute wait. Looks like a good place for families.Favorite Italian place in the city. It's been around a long time and it's because it's consistently great! Super friendly staff and the food is always good. 
We pick up the Chicken Marsela and a wedge salad and it's enough for 2. 
The Pizza is also one of the best in the city.We were trying to go to another nearby restaurant that had been recommended to us by our Uber driver, but though we researched their menus and location, we failed to check on their hours--we got there, and they were closed. Yelp to the rescue! Venezia was a five minute walk from where we were and Italian sounded great, so we headed over. We were seated immediately (though there was a big rush right after us). Our group of four got garlic bread to share, stuffed shells (substituting alfredo for the standard marinara), two orders of eggplant parmigiana, and the chicken parmigiana. We all ate every bite. It was pretty solid Italian food! Be aware that the eggplant parmigiana is not prepared like the chicken--instead, it is the cheese and eggplant casserole-style "eggplant parmigiana." It was tasty, but not the breaded/fried version that some other places make. Portions were generous, and the staff was very attentive. The only thing I wouldn't recommend is the garlic bread. It's a pretty small portion to have to pay for, and it was just dry french bread with some garlic powder on it. Save your money.Mini me and I love, love, love, this place. We discovered it on accident on a random fun day. The food was absolutely delicious and it's right by Angelo Bracotos which makes it perfect for date night or family celebrations.  The chicken Parmesan was hot, cheesy, delicious, and a very generous portion. I really can't remember what else we had because that one dish was the star of the meal. I had some wine  that I really enjoyed too.  This is our new favorite Italian joint for sure. I only wish they had better parking.We got carryout from here and it was DELICIOUS! Almost as good as my Nana's marinara sauce. The portion was huge. Garlic bread was garlicky and very flavorful. We ordered small salads and they were huge. I am so glad we tried here again. I will be coming here from now on when I want Italian:)This is my favorite restaurant. That is a tall order to fill since our city is all about food. We are very fortunate to get the same waiters Rob and Eduardo, who are outstanding in a professional and personality sense. I've enjoyed each meal, each time.This place has great Italian food.  Service was superb. The prices can be a tad high though.  I recommend it to someone in the area wanting to try some Italian.Throwback family-style Italian restaurant that's been a local favorite for a long time. Came here with some kids and family and service was very friendly and understanding (of the modest mess our little one made).
Lasagna was super yummy and was scraping it off the bottom!  So was the fish filet almandine, which was our super-picky little one definitely approved of. Plus getting dessert next door at New Orleans' quintessential Angelo Brocato was perfect.I have been eating here since I was a kid.  I love it.  If I'm in the mood for spaghetti and meatballs, I go here.  The meatballs are big and the sauce is tasty.  The pizza is yummy. And my favorite, the Eggplant Vatican is a big plate of seafood-eggplant-bechamel happy goodness.
So why not 5 stars? The ONLY drawback in my book, is that they don't use fresh mushrooms - which is a little off putting if you like shrooms on your pizza.  Otherwise, it is all good!Remember that seen in "The Godfather" in which Michael Corleone offs Sollozzo and McCluskey in the Italian restaurant? Of course you do. Well, if the classic film took place in NOLA as opposed to NYC then Venezia's could well have been that restaurant. 
This is a traditional red-sauce southern Italian kitchen. It's about as old school as you get. Traditional spaghetti and meatballs - check. Veal and eggplant Parmesan - you bet. Lasagna - getouttahere. 
No, this place isn't going to win a James Beard award. But what it does it does quite well. Maybe it isn't the best Italian in town but it is good and reliable. Nothing fance- very informal- but it's still nice. Oh, and the prices are quite reasonable!If you went for salad alone, you'd walk out majorly satisfied. The Wedge and Caprese are the best I've ever had from anywhere. The mozzarella in the Caprese is enough to make me go once a week. For my meal, I had the appetizer Seafood Stuffed Mushrooms which were delicious and the perfect portion after nearly filling up from salad. My boyfriend had Veal Pontchartrain, the special, and had no complaints either. I hadn't been in 10 yrs, since I was a teen, and it was even better than I remembered.The food was awesome...the service sucked!!! Our waiter, Bichara, or something like that, was awful.  Once he brought the salad, he forgot about us. I don't know if he was outside smoking or what.  After that, when we asked for the check, we timed how long it would take him to pick it up, that's how  bad he was, it started to become a joke....  Once he dropped of the check, it took him over 10 minutes to pick up the check with the credit card. Miserable!!!!  I'll go back because the food was good, but if I get service like that again, I'll never go back.After seeing this place on a daily basis since moving into Mid-City, my husband and I decided to go in and satisfy an Italian craving that struck around 5:30 on a Saturday. The inside welcomes you with a home-y feeling. Tables close and intimate, small bar, private room in h back reserved for old mafia members (that part is a joke...kinda). We waited for about 10 minutes for a table, and were seated at the closest table to the door, which wasn't an issue because I don't mind watching the fellow Italian cravers walk in. After a while, our server came around with menus that had little "Specials" inserts in them. We ordered the appetizer, Triple Italian cheese dip with pesto, to be told about 15 minutes after ordering, they were out. Without even really thinking about it, ordered the Calamari. It was every calamari that you've ever had, which is not a shocker because one rarely comes across an order of Calamari like none they've ever had. After finishing the appetizer, we waited another 20 minutes for our Entrees. I ordered the Chicken Supreme, and my husband his usual Chicken Alfredo. With a large breaded chicken breast smothered in a pesto sauce topped with crawfish and shrimp, I took my first bite and it was cold. My husband's chicken was dry and over-cooked. After sending the breast back so they could zap it hot, the meal was enjoyable, and the conversation amazing, but nothing special. 
I really wanted to love this place with it being so close to my home, but maybe I'll go again and order take-out pizza instead.This place is another institution from my childhood days. They've been open in New Orleans since the 50's, so my mother used to frequent this place as a kid, and passed the tradition on to me. It was really cool taking my son in there the other day, as it really felt like I was keeping a nice practice alive.
Before my visit yesterday, I haven't been in there in many years, my last visit was pre-Katrina, so I had my usual concerns that time and change may have had a bad impact on quality and service.
I am quite happy to say that my concerns were unfounded. The quality of the food is still top notch. Between my wife, son and myself, we have a calamari appetizer with artichoke bread and we had a house special pizza with 3 meatballs on the side as the entree. 
Everything was delicious, with their red gravy certainly being the best part. (They could give Rocky and Carlo's a run for their money with this sauce.) The pizza was fresh with all the unique toppings that make Venezia's stand out as one of the best, if not THE best, pizza place in the city.
My only complaint is the noise is very high in there. I think it's because they have tried to put too many tables without enough space, creating a very noisy environment. I had to shout across the table to be able to talk to my family, who were just a couple feet away.
Other than that, this place is still as amazing as it's always been. If you want quality Italian food with an old fashioned taste that can't be duplicated, please spin by Venezia,  you'll be glad you did.SOO DISAPPOINTED!!! This place used to be THE Italian spot in Mid City, while the pizzas are still good, the rest of this place leaves a lot to be desired.  No more "secret curtain" people walk in wearing hats, and no more armed guard at the door.  Ahh the old days.  I prefer Liuzza's for Mid City Italian post K and it pains me to give this reviewOne of my new favorite restaurants! We recently moved to Mid-City and are in the process of trying out new places. Venezia was one of the last ones we made it to and for that I'm ashamed.
The food was AMAZING! We got a type of veal parmesean in a sauce (I can't remember what it was called, sorry) and it was literally one of those things you take a bite of and go "Oh my god...that is so good."
The seafood stuffed mushrooms as an appetizer were also amazing. Not the best I've had, but excellent. 
The portions were nice and I was able to take leftovers to work the next day.
Service was great and the restaurant had a good atmosphere overall. I'll definitely be back here.If you want true Italian , Venezia'is where you want to go ! Outstanding staff, great food, reasonable pricing. The Veal Supreme and the Veal Parmesan are excellent !Simple yet satisfying. The server Juan was prompt and courteous. I guess we've been to too many Italian chains that serve complimentary breadsticks and salad so we were bummed that we didn't receive either with our meal since my husband had a fish entree and I had a house special pizza. The meals were well prepared. If you're looking for pizza similar to Pizza Hut or Papa John's, this is not the place. The pizza crust is thin and baked to a nice crisp leaving the toppings of sausage, artichokes, onions and cheese sitting on a thin layer of tomato sauce-done in moderation. Nothing too fancy, but still yummy! My husband had the breaded fish topped with shrimp and crawfish in a rich sauce. The fish was prepared just right; juicy and tender. 
Atmosphere is very homey and busy with lots of history. A short walk from the street car at Canal and Carrollton. Well worth it!When we want pizza, we try to make it here. Small restaurant, but their pizza is amazing!  The waitstaff is always friendly when we come in or pick up. Highly recommend this place as opposed to some others in the area for pizza.I am kicking myself for not having eaten the pizza here sooner. It's perfect. Perfect in every respect.I ordered take out recently from here. I ordered spaghetti & meatballs. It had a funny plastic smell to the noodles & didn't taste good. I also ordered crab stubbed mushrooms. They were gross. They had little hard clumps of something in every bite of the crab stuffing. The green bean side I ordered was absolutely ridiculous. How do you mess up green beans?! It was literally Tony's seasoning sloshed on top with nothing else. I was starving & couldn't eat any of this crap food. Very disappointedIn order to be seated within an hour of walking into this restaurant you MUST have a reservation. When we visited, we were told that there was a 45 minute wait to which we decided was normal and we would wait. An hour and 15 minutes in, we were told that our table would be ready in 10 minutes. 30 minutes following that we were finally seated-- a total of two hours waiting. 
The maitre'd was great at doing his job-- keeping us there, but he admitting told us that the owner overbooks reservations and then gives locals the first spot at a table even though others have been waiting. On the night that we visited a 40-top and 30-top tables were both being served while people with reservations even had to wait over an hour for their table. It was ridiculous.
The food was good, but leaving the place knowing that we had been lied to multiple times, overlooked, passed over and not cared for was nothing good. 
If you want to go, make a reservation in advance.Not impressed by anything.  The lasagna was not good; the chicken parm was ok.  I wouldn't go back for either.  The pizza is ok, but there is much better within a few blocks.  The service was not attentive at all (refills weren't offerred until the bill was brought).  The atmosphere is noisy.  If there is a crying baby or a loud talker, the whole restaurant will hear it.Charming atmosphere and outstanding steak and spaghetti.  The service was first class. Very romantic old school feeling.The reviews here baffle me.  In fact, my experience at Venezia led me to quit using Yelp for several months.
The quality of the pasta was dismally low for an Italian restaurant with these prices.  This is food I would expect at a joint more like Cafe Nino on South Carrollton than a nice and pricey place like Venezia (I would take Nino over Venezia any day).
I would like to believe I had an isolated poor experience, but the menu itself was somewhat boring and everyone else's meals looked low-quality.Italian salad was good, as usual. The soup du jour was artichoke--tasted land smelled ike they opened a can of Swanson's chicken broth and dumped a can of artichoke hearts in it. Hardly any flavor so I added some Italian cheese. I know I should have ordered red gravy, but was not hungry enough to eat a huge portion of food. Let's just say, they can do much better. Disappointing.Best Italian restaurant in the city!!!! Meat sauce and spaghetti is the most awesome!!! Consistently fantastic food!!!How do you determine Yelp stars for a local institution such as Venezia? I feel like the ghosts of wise guys are looking over my shoulder as I pen this review. 
Let's start with what I liked/loved about the place:
1. Quintessential old school Italian restaurant. Growing up in a second/third generation Sicilian family, I cut my teeth on pasta in such places and I'll always have a fondness for such joints.
2. Lots of places claim "this is where the locals eat," and while that may be true, the inevitable bachelorette party will probably wander in with hand grenades and start lousing up the place. I don't think you'll have to ever worry about that at Venezia. On a Friday night, the place was comfortably busy, but we got a table right away. Families kept coming in and it just felt, I don't know, *nice*. Truthfully, I'm kind of tired of the tragically hip scene that's flocking to newer restaurants that I happen to like, but have vowed to never return on a weekend night.
3. That marinara is the real deal. I was afraid of sugary sauce or worse yet, sauce with parm in it (I know, I know, everyone has their little something extra to add in. My badass Sicilian grandmother rarely made gravy w/o pork in it, until I became a vegetarian and she made me my own sauce).
4. The service is extremely kind. Our waiter wasn't especially chatty with us (I'm fine with that) but another waiter who obviously knew the couple next to us was just so awesome, recommending things, and you could tell he really liked working there. It's just a good feeling all around.
5. Affordable prices. Italian food can get very expensive and prices here seem like they haven't changed all that much in the past decade. I could be wrong?
6. No pretense. It's a red sauce joint, and sometimes that's all you need. Comfort food for the paisans!  
Now, for things that I didn't love so much.
1. The ambiance. As in, there's not really any. Sure, I'll take my parents here, but I'd steer clear on date nights. I've said this ten thousand times before, but it bears repeating: "We all look so much... kinder in candlelight." Please, Venezia, please!
2. I'm willing (rarely) to sacrifice ambiance if the food is mind-blowing. And while my vegetarian pizza was OK, there was way too much cheese on it. People say this is thin crust... maybe if you're not used to getting your pizza Neapolitan style. Also, there's no upgrade to Buffalo or any other non low moisture restaurant-grade mozzarella cheese. In all honesty, this pizza has made me a born again vegan, but I won't get into that here. Toppings are plentiful and it's certainly not the worst pizza I've ever had. I don't ask Venezia to change their pizza, be assured. It's just not my cup of, uh, espresso.
So, the good certainly outweighs the not-so-good and I'll keep Venezia in mind when in need for a casual Italian fix, most likely for pizza with extra sauce and no cheese.This has been a favorite restaurant of mine for many years. The food is always great and the service is second to none! I would highly recommend the steak! Bring your appetite because the portions are huge.Great Italian food, but definitely try the steak! It rivals Ruths' Chris sizzling plate. Stuffed artichoke and calamari for appetizers, veal Ponchartrain and cannelloni for entrees. Make a reservation or you'll wait quite awhile for a table.I have never eaten inside but I have been calling this the best pizza in NOLA.  Even had a contest with friends and it won best cheese and best overall.  (beat pizzadelisious and other inferior overrated pizza)
a true test of a pizza is plain cheese which was amazing.  their white pizza is the bomb too.  
their regular food is fantastic too but their pizza gives me happy dreamsStopped there for early dinner on Friday. Spaghetti with Italian sausage was excellent. Fried Eggplant for appetizer was perfect. Friendly staff.Love the restaurant always order the spaghetti and Italian sausage. Tonight it wasn't the same.I don't know who they're getting their Italian sausage from now, but it's definitely not the same.I know it's only 3 stars and I only had the pizza. I will adjust next time accordingly when I try the actual entrees that sound amazing and look good if they are. I came here to try the pizza which I was told was amazing. Sadly it is not, its just mediocre pizza to me. Thank goodness added extra cheese though cause I would hate to see just normal.  The Malbec I had was no good either. It seemed old.  Busy place and a little warm but obviously the other things must be good for it to be so busy. I just failed with the first ordering. Added shrimp to the house special and it was unseasoned which is a waste. The dough is ok as well. I do like the thinness but it gets soggy quick.I have to say this was a real treat! When I used to live in New Orleans, I would always pass this place on my way home. Years later, I finally had a chance to try it and it did NOT disappoint! The stuffed artichokes were amazing! They tasted as delicious as the ones my mom makes. For the entree I ordered the veal and Alfredo. DELISH! When your mouth is watering from craving an Alfredo, theirs is the one your mouth is dreaming about! I love this place! Can't wait to come back and try more!Thanks for the great meal.  The drum fish was awesome. We came from California.  We will return !If the decor was as good as the food, it would get a rare five star rating from me. This is where I take my Mom, Sis, & Niece (Three separate people, I'm not from Chalmette!) on Mother's Day, so that should tell you about how good it is.Came in here twice for dinner as this place was frequented by my husband and his family as a child. The food was excellent on our first visit but not so great on our second visit. The food came out late and was cold but they did bring out hot food once we informed them of this and they did offer us a free round of drinks later. I am still giving them 5 stars because I know from experience its hard having a family run business and I've had those really busy days with less staff when I sent out cold food in my family restaurant. The quality of the food is excellent and good value for money. They are really busy here being mostly frequented by locals and that speaks volumes. I would suggest setting up a reservation before you go or you'll be waiting. I'll be back when I visit New Orleans again.The lasanga, it tasted just like my mother used to make it.... right after it came from the freezer and out a stouffers box... so far I've had the stuffed shells and lasagna from here. Not that impressed, being Italian and all... not to mention it was barely room temperature.Worse greasy, doughy pepperoni pizza ever! Not the same crust it used to be. What a disappointment & waster of calories.Consistently delicious Italian food in the heart mid-city! Pastas and pizzas with some of the best sauce or "gravy" you've ever had the pleasure of tasting. If you've got company in town and they're craving an affordable, laid back, authentic Italian meal take them here!Had the drum with caper sauce and crabmeat.  Fish was undercooked.  Sauce was great and would have been delish atop angel hair as an accompaniment but the pasta was instead served as a side with red sauce.  I asked for a side of plain angel hair with cream sauce and was brought linguini with Alfredo.  Just couldn't get it right.  My husband's order of veal parm, however, was very good according to him: he cleaned the plate.}