Baked Brie and gumbo pizza were delicious. Roasted Brussels sprouts were a bit mushy, though -- not up to par. Attentive servers.I love the vibe of this restaurant  The drinks were well crafted. The food... the food. Well I turned my nose up at pizza in Nola and I had to put my nose down when I tried the Creole pizza I was humbled and it was AMAZING.More fresh juices than the typical speakeasy-esque place.  Good mix of alcohols that people may not have tried before.  The drinks definitely lean on the juices than creativity but that's sort of refreshing so I can appreciate it.  Overall a great place to grab a drink with someone for a nice time.
Minus one star for the service.  Friendly but slowww.THIS WAS LITERALLY ONE OF THE MOST HORRIBLE MOST BIZARRE EXPERIENCES OF MY LIFE. 
I went to this establishment for a get together when we come in it was balmy and our large group was sat in a small section. Eventually the owner/hostess opted to move us to a large party room to give everyone adequate seating ok fine. The servers were nice but the service experience was slow at best. 
My first red flag should have been when I went to the bar to order a Ketel and club soda asked for muddle cucumber in my drink and was told no because there were too many other cucumber cocktails in existence. I laughed b/c clearly I thought he was joking until he handed my drink sans cucumber ( after I had to wait 25 min for it) should have been my clue to leave but I was at an event so let it slide.  Every time anyone I was with would go to the bar to order a drink or have the waitress bring one it literally took almost 20 mins which is crazy in a bar that wasn't that busy. Now none of this is what made the experience so bad. I'd been here a few times before never by choice but this was always typical for service there. What really brought things to the next level is when we tried to leave later that night. When we were ordering things the waitress asked for a card and said that everyone could square up individually later I found my card in my purse first so mine went up no biggie...until it was time to close up. Our serves told us she would split the check up a number of different ways. Then came back later to say my card was declined NSF. I logged on to online banking and saw that basically what they did is every time someone ordered some thing they ran my card. So I at this point have 3 transactions on my card for them totaling about $70. I tell the server that's incorrect. We were supposed to divide it up she apologized stated she would get her manager to rectify....her Manager THE OWNER comes back and immediate goes on attack mode. We don't have enough money to cover the tab blah blah blah and we owe him $75. I said no sir yall already swiped my card for the balance multiple times which is why is was declined by my bank. All we were trying to do is figure out a resolution so we could roll it was late people were ready to go. As we are trying to talk to him he says "get the fuck out of my business fuck it don't worry about it" I'm shocked at this treatment all we were trying to do was correct the payment issue. I get up to leave. As I'm walking out livid he gets in the face of one of my friends a woman and is very physically aggressive. Other people had to step in to diffuse the situation. I am shocked how we were treated and confused because the only questions we had were can you just cancel the pending charge and run another card do we need to run a card for the whole balance or the difference for what you already charged and what the balance was. I had to spend all morning on the phone with my bank because my card was frozen because they attempted to run my card for the full balance like 4 times after it had cleared for the partial. I am often out. I often have bar tabs I've never had this much confusion in attempting to pay a check. Or had an OWNER OF A BUSINESS BECOME PHYSICALLY THREATENING. My friend should have called the police and filed a report. This was outlandish I have never been treated. Like this before and I WILL NEVER GIVE THESE PEOPLE ANY OF MY MONEY AGAIN. Clearly business ownership isn't for everyone. Clearly you missed a few lessons on conflict resolution...there are too many amazing bars in this city to deal with this type of treatment. Places with better drinks service and food never again save your money. I will be reaching out to The owner I expect a resolution I will update the post to let everyone know.Truffle popcorn, baked Brie were great! Surprisingly the pizzas were fantastic - super crispy, thin crust. The specialty drinks were delicious and they also brought us all a sample of the "drink of the day" which was an added bonus. Yum!
Only recommended- pass on the Brussels sprouts.Loved this place! The server we had was so fun! She had a fantastic bubbly personality and made the time we spend there really fun. The drinks were a bit slow, however they did give us free pre-drinks - twice! They were fun fruity drinks. They were also playing top gun so my husband was extremely happy to stay and drink. Also, be sure to get the truffle popcorn, it's like crack!!!!This place has it all! The cocktails are extensive and unique. The food is amazing (LOVE the truffle popcorn). The seating is comfortable and great for conversation. The staff was attentive and knowledgable.
On the way out, we paused because it was raining, we had the pleasant opportunity to meet the owner. 
I cannot say enough good things about this place. It was the highlight of my weekend in New Orleans. Thanks Mr. Victory and staff....We will be back again!The bar is great. we went on a friday night and it was not too crowed very laid back environment. The music was nice as well as the people. we had a great time mingling and hanging out. we also seen a few celebrities so that was definitely a plus!! 
The cocktail of the day was the "Peach Rum Punch". They give everyone samples of the special which was great. The drinks were very well made and so was the food. I will be visiting Victory more often and I have a new place to bring my out of town guests!Drinks and service were really good!  The food (we had the lettuce wraps) were very tasty and a great appetizer to share. A bit pricey for what they were but very good. The 10% yelp check in helped with that ;) we will definitely be back here.Hadn't heard of this place till my boyfriend surprised me last weekend and mentioned we should stop there for drinks.  I honestly expected it to be the usual NOLA bar but was pleasantly surprised by the decor and overall vibe.  It's such a cool spot with a wonderfully chill vibe.  The lighting was set low and the music was perfect!  Loved the old school soul music and the drinks were unexpected and very delicious!  This is definitely a place that I plan to hang out more often.  Loved the chill atmosphere!  My only struggle is whether or not I want to let anyone in on this gem! Kinda just want to keep it to myself.  oh well, maybe it's too late for that....This place was everything that I wanted it to be.
It was chill, welcoming with an attentive staff and excellent drinks. We stayed for over 2 hours and it felt like only minutes had passed. The staff was great and spent plenty of time making sure that we had exactly what we wanted. We ended up asking our server, Jordan, for a shot ...one that was "dangerously good" (ie - tasted like there wasn't any alcohol in it but then later would put us on our ass) and Victory more than stepped up to the plate. That was one of the best shots I've ever tasted. The bartender, Megan made us a shot named the " NOLA Bomb". I have no idea what was in it, but I swear I could have drank gallons of it.
We didn't eat there, so I can't speak for the food but had we known how much we enjoyed the ambiance and the drinks, we would have gladly eaten here.  It is somewhere we will always remember and will gladly visit again.
Also, the Brazilian Jazz Guitar Duet was perfect.Victory is a perfect example of the power of Yelp.  There is no way we would have ventured off the beaten path to hit a bar who's only initial claim to fame seemed to be truffled popcorn - and what a missed opportunity it would have been!  
My traveling companion searched on bars within walking distance and filtered on 5 star ratings.  Victory was literally around the corner and with all those 5 stars ratings, why wouldn't we give it a try?  Neither of us are big cocktail aficionados, but since the menu had two pages of intriguing offerings, we decided to give a few a try.  Classics as well as house specialties more than did the trick!  And fwiw, to popcorn was well worth the $6 tab and the pizza made NOLA proud.
One last bit - Daniel Victory (yep, that's his name on the door) is a prince among men...not only is he a multiple award winning mixologist, he is a world class humanitarian...when he spotted us huddled under the next door awning in a driving drizzle, he offered us a real, golf sized umbrella for our walk home...kudos!  We can't recommend this top flight cocktail emporium, or its proprietor, highly enough!One of my fav spots in Nola. Offered a free drink sample of the drink of the day ( run carrots Tyne sour ). Super Korean lettuce wraps, the lettuce is so fresh that it seems that they grow it in the back.  Service is consistent good. The crowd is always mixed good ratio of female to male.
The carry out boxes are in a desperate need of an update   
Over all this spot is a great place to pre party before a great night in Nola.  
J. Essence B. NolaWe went to Victory tonight with a large group. My friend's card was swiped several times for the entire bill of about $75. We wanted to make sure that not only would she not be over charged (when the waitress was asked to split the check before and she clearly didn't do what was asked), but to also make sure that the bill was paid. There was even a balance due after that, to which I tried to contribute to. The manager was called, to which he kept explaining that her card was not charged when it actually was. And so much so, that the bank sent her emails checking if it was fraud. After a minute, the manager then got up, stating 'this is how I feel about your messed up check', he took it, and then made gestures as if it was squared away. He has an attitude, and still did not answer my friend's question about over charging her. 
As we were saying good bye to people and complaining about what was happening, he proceeded to yell in my face; hands slapping, while he was yelling at me 'you can get the fuck out then, get out of my living room'. He proceeded to confront anyone else there who tried to talk to him. 
We only wanted to understand and pay him. He was clearly having a horrible day, and has now lost several customers.  
Btw. The waitress and bartenders were nice and professional. This idiot, I'm not sure where he came from.I've found my new lounge. Fairly priced drinks, good atmosphere, with good looking women. How can you go wrong?!Mixologists extrordinaire. We went here based on Yelp reviews, and loved the place. The care they put into their drinks is beyond exceptional. My wife asked the bartender to riff on her usual vodka pineapple, and he came up with something so layered, it was new and deep and refreshing. pizza is great too. 
Go, keep the great out of the way places going. You won't be sorry.Struggling with this review!  I had to give 3 stars instead of 4 because of the service.  We sat at the bar, finally got one KILLER awesome coctail, then was never checked on again (we would have ordered another... and another...).  
I would like to give Victory another shot.  Hopefully the reviews about service will help turn the next experience around.Found this place first night right after we got to the airbnb. The cocktails were really good. The food was hit and miss. I thought the scallops were good but overpriced. The Brussels sprouts weren't great. The pizza was the best thing, which I do recommend. 
I would recommend getting pizza and cocktailsWe loved this quaint little place tonight! We had a huge lunch so when dinner time came around we were craving something a little lighter. I saw this place on yelp and decided to give it a try! We ordered drinks -which were delicious!! But I can't remember the names of them. &&& we ordered the Korean lettuce wraps and baked Brie. I liked the lettuce wraps but they seemed to be missing a sauce of some sort. They were okay, but would have been great with a sauce! The baked Brie was to die for!!! A huge portion for the price -and seriously worth every penny! It was my favorite and so stinking good! We practically licked the plate! Definitely give this place a try :)Was completely dead when I was there however was Sunday night. Cocktails were really good!!!!Eating with half veg, half meat-eater, three-quarters drinkers and one non-drinker is tough...but this place made it work. Free sample of the house drink was very nice. After that we had the baked Brie (which was incredible), and two pizzas: the Sophia and bianca. The Sophia was incredible. The crust here is next-level good. So buttery and just the right mix of crispy and fluffy. I seriously would eat the crust as before dinneI always enjoy this place. They have great craft cocktails. The free sample of the drink of the day is a nice tough. 
It is a really good place to chill with friends or with a significant other. It can get a little crowded at times though. 
The food, although a very limited menu, is really good as well.Great service. The ambiance is relaxed in a sexy kind of way. The menu is short and appealing to most any palate. We're starting with the Brussel sprouts and chicken satay.... Cajun pizza to follow..
Now well fed, the food was very delicious., especially the pizza. Troy says not to miss the Harry Nillson cocktail. 
The music selection is eclectic and brings back some memories from all genres and periods. Yay!We held a networking meeting here for about 100 people. The owners and staff went out of their way to make the event a success. We had such a good time that we stayed afterwards and just hung out. They have a TV which can play a PowerPoint presentation (great for recognizing sponsors, etc), great food, excellent service, amazing cocktails, and can even customize the music! The room at the back gives you a quiet space for private conversations. We would go back here in a heartbeat!Best cocktails in town. A whole menu of signature cocktails to choose from.  What other bar gives you a sample drink just for coming in?As a big fan of inventive cocktails, I was delighted with my experience at Victory.  If you are looking for a place to pound down cheap drinks in big plastic glasses, this is not for you.  However, if you are looking for craft cocktails/mixology then you must not miss this. 
The folks at Victory are passionate about and, in some cases quite inventive with, their ingredients (eg beet reduction).  My sampling of the menu convinced me that they were successful in creating flavorful, thought-provoking combinations.  Service is going to be slower in any establishment that is making complex cocktails (muddling botanicals and carefully measuring multiple components takes time) compared to the place that opens a beer and (maybe) pours it into a glass.  My experience was at variance with the folks who had problems with service, but I was there early in the evening for a couple of cocktails prior to going to dinner.  
If you are a fan of balanced, artisanal cocktails, then Victory is right up your alley.  Any fan of the other great cocktail establishments of New Orleans (such as Cure, Bellocq, Bar Tonique, etc) should make every effort to check out Victory.Excellent service. Fantastic drinks. Good ambiance. The food was good too! Non smoking environment was the cherry on top.This is I'm the top 3 craft cocktail bars I've been to, and I've been to quite a few. Drinks are amazing. The food menu is a little short, but it's a bar, not a restaurant. What they do have is delicious. 
As everyone else has already said Daniel Victory, the owner, is extremely friendly. I came here twice, and the second time he immediately recognized me. 
Hayden was behind the bar both times and he makes some magical drinks, especially the off-menu ones. 
It's a short walk from the French quarter, so no driving is necessary for most visitors. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone.This place is awsome they have a green chartruese machine. They have an awsome cocktail menu I love the beet drink. The bartenders are very good and have a ton of spirits to make great drinksThe free daily cocktail is a nice little touch.  It is just a few sips of something but it was a very cool touch.  My girlfriend and I each had a bloody mary and we split the truffle popcorn.  The bloody marys were decent.  Not great, not bad.  The truffle popcorn just tasted like plain popcorn to me for the most part but the girlfriend liked it.  Regardless, this place wasn't particularly notable for any reasons good or bad.  They do have a bartender who is a Jimmy Fallon lookalike though.Slowest place for a pizza!!!   Don't go unless you want to wait for at least 1 hour for just a small pizza. Horrible service too.  Stay away.Victory is what many New Orleans bars wish they were. The cocktails are great. The ambiance is one of a kind. And the service is perfect. It's the only place in town where I've been handed a free drink before I can decide what I'm ordering, and I'm fast at deciding. It's also a great location because so many other joints in the area get slammed by tourists, meaning you can usually pop into Victory when there's a game at the 'dome or the SKC and get a seat. It's a romantic spot, too, if you're looking to get your groove on.Victory wasn't too bad, but after waiting a while to check this place out, I was left unimpressed.
Victory is really small and is really a bit of a dive in nice clothing.  I can picture coming here on a nice night out, but on the night I was here, it just felt like your average run of the mill bar.
When we received our drinks, the order was messed up not once but twice.  I understand that it was our waitresses first time ever waiting tables (that's what she told us), but on a busy Friday night, the wait staff should really know what they are doing and management should maybe not put the new girl on the floor.
Would I go back?  Yeah, if I was in the area, but I wouldn't really go out of my way.The server was very knowledgeable and very attentive! The food was delicious! We had the Brie, chicken satay, Korean wraps and the Brussel sprouts. The Korean lettuce wraps were amazing!! Plus the drinks were on point!One of my favorite craft cocktail places in the city.  Must check it out!  Awesome vine, celebrity sightings and fun people.  Victory is a win!Found this convenient place on yelp when searching for "best drink" in New Orleans. We stopped here for a drink before dinner.  My husband and I sat at the bar and were served a sample of the cocktail of the day, which was delicious.  All of the drinks are made with fresh ingredients.  The bartender was very knowledgeable and friendly and it was fun to just watch him make the drinks.  I would defiantly recommend this place for a good drink, it's actually worth the $10-12 for a cocktail, unlike most of the places on Bourbon St.Friendly staff, good space, tough to spot, so look for their "Victory" welcome mat.
Excellent rye whiskey recommendation from the bartender. Cajun pizza was good if you enjoy chicken on pizza.
Will visit again!I love this place! I'm here way more than I should be, but I love the atmosphere. The bartenders are top-knotch mixologists, not just drink-makers. Tell them what you're in the mood for, and they'll create something original on the spot! 
The food (especially the creole pizza and the chicken satay) is great and slightly exotic enough to satisfy even the most discriminating taste buds. Seriously, there are a lot of us who come here 4-5 days a week.I wanted to head over here for quite a while, but I think your experience depends on who is preparing your beverage. We ordered the Pimm's Cup (which my friend had never tried before - shush!) and the Lavender Fields. 
I've never seen anyone put a Pimm's Cup though a strainer. 
I like mixology and aromatics to enhance my drink as much as the next gal, but between the actual lavender in the drink and the big spritz of lavender over the top, it was akin to drinking aftershave. It was a odd way to end a night.
Everyone behind the bar was friendly, and I'd like to try some menu items in the future.Great place: relaxed atmosphere, interesting and engaging staff, tasty appetizers, and a great mix of traditional New Orleans cocktails (try the Pimms Cup) and inventive house created cocktails (try the Port Cobbler).Knowledgeable bartenders and good food. Stopped here after a concert for the baked Brie but unfortunately at midnight they were out. Can't fault them for that it is midnight and they are still serving food. Had to settle for the crab meat au gratin and bacon wrapped scallops. Both were really good just not very filling. Sauce on the scallops and greens was great. We sat at the bar which to me looks like the best way to get the best service. Busy place and I didn't see waitresses really. The bartender(Evan sp?) we had was awesome. Seriously the dude knew his stuff. Made excellent drinks. And memorized orders which is impressive when you see how busy and how many drinks the dude makes. It's so nice to see bartenders that actually know how to do their job! Will be back to try that Brie and drink some tasty drinks. Pricey but it's because it's fresh and expertly made. Not often I say that for a bar but it's worth it here.Did not live up to the Yelp hype. Came in to watch the Saints vs Panthers and left with a meh experience. Waitress brought complimentary Long Island cocktails once we sat down, but was not that great. Ordered the roasted brussel sprouts, satay chicken, bacon scallops, and the creole pizza. Brussel sprouts and satay chicken were just ok. Brussel sprouts were super dry and earthy, while the chicken was paired with a very salty, generic peanut sauce. Not impressed. Bacon scallops and creole pizza were actually really tasty. Sweet crisp of the glazed bacon and the creole of the pizza were decent at best. Service was average; environment was empty, private almost. Experience was average. If you are looking for a great bar experience on baronne street while on vacation, look elsewhere.Went here last night and had the best pizza I've ever had! Great service and felt like I was treated like a queen. If you are thinking about coming here I would highly recommend it. (the Chicago 71 is a definite must have while coming here)We rolled in quite famished from a long drive and were a little disappointed in the personal pan pizza for $16. It was tasty, don't get me wrong, but pricey for what you got. Good thing out server, Jasmine, made up for it with excellent service. And they give you a sample of the cocktail of the day which wets the whistle just enough to make you order 2-3 more. Good music. Good vibes. Just need to step their pizza game up. We would go back for drinks for sure...Nice late night dive bar with delicious food options.  Friendly staff.  Could expand on the craft beer selections.Victory makes some of the better cocktails that I have tasted before. The drink quality is up there with the best, like the ones at the Violet Hour in Chicago 
It also has a great selection of whisky and scotch including quite a few of my favorite Japanese Whiskeys: Hibiki, Yamakazi, and Yochi. 
My wife and I had a blast in New Orlean this past weekend, and Victory was a big part of it. We landed at 11:30 PM on Friday, and we were eagerly looking for some Sazerac to start out night.  The first hotel bar we wanted to go, based on yelp review was closed at 12:00 PM, despite the fact that it lists its operation hour to 2 am.  
Victory was nearby and with great yelp reviews. So we stopped by to check it out.  We had some initial reservations, but after our first drinks, we were glad that we trusted Yelp. 
I can still remember every single drink we had there that night:
I started off with a Voice Versa, which was a delicious but strong drink.  Something I would drink again to quench my thirst for some whiskey.  My wife had the tequila humming bird, a smooth drink with a kick.  
Then we went on to have the Vieux Carre, Romos Gin Fizz, Pimm Cup, Bare Necessity, So Pho'king Good, Dante, and of course, Sazerac.  Oh and a shot of Chartreuse each. 
Perhaps, it's my first drink. My favorite is the voice versa, but if I am in mood for a harder drink, I will go for the Sazerac. 
We did not finish all of these until 4 am.  Daniel Victory, the owner, stopped by a few times to make sure we were having a good time and even took a shot of Chartreuse with us.  
And we must thank Daniel for recommending us to go to Cleo's after for some good drunk food. And the Ritz next night for some good jazz/bar. 
All in all, if you visit New Orleans and you enjoy cocktails, stop by Victory and you wont  be disappointed.  If you don't like your drink, send it back, they will make it right. It is that simple.The food was fantastic, the service suburb, and atmosphere very fun! The small plates make it easy to share food with friends, but still walking away satisfied! It was lucky that we stumbled on this New Orleans gem! I will be back again!!i went here last night. its a really cute spot the design scheme was alot of black and red. lots of tables in the front and nice relaxing couches in the back. i love that they had a fish tank i normally only see fish tanks at Asian restaurants.
the bar itself is amazing the countertop is made up of what looks like a million broken glasses. they have a great collection of spirits and liquers everything from Grey Goose to Japanese whiskey "Hibiki" they use alot of fresh ingredients so much that they store the fresh fruit in a japanese refrigerator the kind you normally find at japanese restaurants. the beet cocktail was amazing and i normally dont like beets.
food: i ordered some edamame i love that i can get my edamame fix without being at a japanese restaurant. other items on the menu was pizza which looked like a thin crust nyc version.
i look forward to being back soon the next day im off. i am soo there and so should you.Amazing cocktails and the best bartenders around. The daily cocktail is great, and you'll always find good company here. Try it!We showed up at like 1:30 am on a Thursday and the place had cleared out, and they still let us come in and have a couple of drinks.
They're really big on chartreuse here. I had two shots of chartreuse and the "gas mask" experience within half an hour. I also made friends with Anna, Del, Tomico, and Ian behind the bar.
When they were asking us to leave so they could close, Anna said she'd give us 20 minutes. I told her that was very generous. I don't think we took that long to leave though. At least I hope we didn't!
I'll be headin back this way real soon and I'm pretty sure I'll end up ingesting some chartreuse.Great atmosphere and awesome cocktails. Food was ok but only had the scallops (cooked to perfection but didn't like the overpowering sweet sauce). The real kicker is awful service. No Bueno!Classy, relaxing, delicious food, beautiful drinks, great environment and people. One of my favorites on a Friday night. Thank you to this establishment for always making my night worth while.Great "grown and sexy" spot! Great location for after work cocktails, lots of business casual patrons during the week and chic and hip patrons on the weekend. Utilized their private room for my co-workers' bachelorette party and it was perfect! Daniel the owner ensured that everything was flawless, by assisting with the airdrop to stream music and just stopping in to ensure we had everything we needed. Definitely top of the line service!!! This is my favorite bar in the downtown area; ambiance and service is above no others!Not a place to go to for dinner or a meal even. Pizzas are one size and small. Extremely limited menu and overpriced at that. Female bartender was friendly and made good drinks so props on that but the 2 guys working the night we stopped in we're extremely unprofessional. I don't know why they felt the need to have their ghetto conversation so loudly that we could hear them as we were waking from our building a block away. We almost turned to go in the other direction bc they were out front talking so loudly we didn't realize they were employees until we went in and they followed in after carrying on their extremely loud and stupid conversation for everyone in the building to hear. We had 2 pizzas that weren't bad but also nothing to be remembered, esp at close to 20 for a 12 inch, Brussel sprouts were also mushy. 2 12 in pizzas, Brussel sprouts, and 2 cocktails came to $70. Wouldn't of been so bad if the ambiance was better, but we could barely hear each other. They should focus on being a bar/hangout or step up their food game.While I love craft cocktails, I can't deal with the pretentious nature that surrounds so many places serving these interesting drinks. I'm happy to say that no such thing exists here. The bartenders are friendly, jovial, and informative. I was able to ask questions about different liquors without getting that "What do you mean you don't know what this ancient Asian bittered liquor is that we just dug from the roots of a turnacspeous tree?" attitude.
The drinks are great and I have yet to try the food menu, but I've been hearing good things.Upscale place in the CBD with and understated exterior but comfortable decor, friendly service, outstanding drinks, and even pretty good food.  Often it's a very trendy crowd and can be busy at times, but it's more of a neighborhood bar feel for me  and someplace I've been on multiple occasions and will return often.  Very nice.I arbitrarily, accidentally stumbled upon victory and I am more than glad I did. Although I was there for cocktails I was treated to top notch service and can say the craft cocktails are on par with, if not superior to establishments similar to victory in other cities I've visited without the drama you'd expect in say, New York or Los Angeles. I will not only recommend it to friends, but look forward to returning and sampling both cocktails and food from their unique fare. Victory has earned a permanent spot in my list of New Orleans favorites!This place is incredible. From the drinks to the food to the bartenders this place is the spot to be if u want a great custom cocktail with great service. Danielle is a terrific bartender and has such a great positive attitude which makes for a pleasurable bar experience. Go check this place out!!We weren't quite ready to end the night so we stopped in here for a drink before heading back to our hotel. I got the Brandy Milk Punch which is brandy, milk, powdered sugar, vanilla, and nutmeg. It's strong and delicious! Our bartender was super friendly and at one point several of them started dancing behind the bar! Everyone just seemed so happy here, haha. The other patrons were friendly, too, and the atmosphere is really chill. We didn't have any food but would like to try that next time, as well as more of their cocktails. Highly recommended!It's been a while since I have been to a bar that the bartender knew what they were doing, this place tops all other bars I have been to. The drinks they sling show the thought and creativity they put into creating them. As a former bartender I highly recommend making a stop in, great ambiance and their pizza is good too.This was a really great place to go with a group for drinks and a light meal / snacks.  They don't have full meals, but what they do have is delicious, and meant for sharing!  They greet you with a free "drink of the day."Service is poor and slow. Staff is incredibly rude. I give places 3 chances and this one has struck out.Got the Creole pizza with "Blood and smoke" cocktails. Highly recommend all around for the great vibe, drinks, and food. Do note, however, that this is more of a drink lounge and less of a restaurant.I must begin this review by saying that I am in no way, shape, or form a cocktail snob. I like beer, wine and an occasional cocktail of scotch and ice. That would mean that I am not the audience Victory is trying to attract, so take my review with a grain of salt.
After the most recent elite event, someone suggested that we head here for the after party. I am always down for an after party, so who was I to disagree?
Victory is an attractive place. As I walked in I was greeted warmly and directed to an intimate seating area my friends had picked out. It was quiet, dark, and somewhat private despite being next to the main path to the restrooms. This would be a great place to take a date, or a group you wanted to have an actual conversation with. 
I didn't order a drink, but was given some sort of fruity, fancy cocktail. It was very good. I wish I knew what it was so I could order it again. 
Our server was very friendly and even showed genuine concern when told how one member of our party had to flee Arizona due to a rival's attempt to silence him. 
I need to come back here and see if my experience was good because of who I was with, or if this is actually a cool place. As for now, I like it.
If you're looking for a fancy place to take a date, or just chill with friends, give Victory a try.For a quiet little lounge outside of Bourbon St,, I enjoyed how cozy, calm, and quiet it was. The drinks and food were all delicious with the exception of the chicken kabob with the peanut sauce being the only thing I didn't like.
The house specialty cocktail was good. They provide a sample of it before you purchase it. The sparkling wine was nice as well. The dip that went with the brussel sprouts was amazing. The pizzas are good as well.
I have nothing bad to say about this place. It's basic, and it's a nice place to have a quiet date with a friend before hitting up Bourbon St.If you want a kickass cocktail go here.  The drinks are artistic creations with locally sourced ingredients.  Amanda takes special care of each patron ensuring that every individual thirst at the table is quenched.  The amazing food is a nice bonus.  Come here for cool, low key hang out.Fun bar with great drinks. The bartenders are mixologists but still have the down to earth bartender attitude. I could see someone going in after work having a drink and chatting with any of the bartenders. Great bar with great drinks.Great little place. Good batch made cocktails. Food was simple but tasty. Caught them at happy hour and the check was reasonable.What a great find! They start you off with the cocktail of the day and it only gets better from
There! Stop in, you won't regret it.What an amazing surprise. Came in late (11:30 PM) looking for decent food and a good cocktail. Victory surpassed all expectations. Food was delicious. Lots of interesting cocktails, some served complementary. The owner, Daniel, and it seemed like all of his staff,  checked in on us every time they walk by our table to make sure we were happy.
Great vibe, great food, great drinks... This place is five stars.
Update:  this is pretty awesome. While chatting with Daniel, must have mentioned which hotel we were staying in. Good thing!  I left my wallet at Victory!  After closing, Daniel (or staff) delivered the wallet to my hotel where it was returned to me the next morning. Thank you!  That was very kind!Nice place for late night drink and food. Mellow atmosphere and friendly staff. Try Cajun pizza it's the bomb. Bacon wrapped scallops are good choice too!Victory is the place to be when you feel like going out. At the very least just drop by for a moment to try their drink of the day. First drink is on them. ALSO their pizza is amazing. They alway have a movie on the big screen even though it's muted. This place draws in young professionals from all over the city. Definitely one of my fav bars in the CBD.Rock and Roll, this place is awesome. The staff is beyond best of the best; these guys really have the right stuff. Atmosphere is very enjoyable - not your normal "bumper to bumper" beer and wine joint; this is a place to take a date or enjoy some wind down time after a day at work. I would highly recommend this spot for business drinks.My suggestion would be to avoid ordering food items and stick to the cocktail menu.  
The wait staff were novices, but the bartender (sorry, I can barely type much less speak the word "mixologist") obviously had skills and new how to put them to good use.  I geek out on amaros, so using Fernet Branca in the Triple-Bitter Manhattan was right up my alley.  I ordered off-menu to gauge his Old-Fashioned-making chops, and the result was very good.  Big block ice, weighty glass, luxardo cherry and a generous pour of a bourbon with which I was unfamiliar but enjoyed.  There is clearly room for improvement (our group's completed cocktails often sat on the service end of the bar for several minutes waiting desperately to be delivered), but once the kinks are ironed out this will be a decent option for high-end cocktails in the CBD.  
P.S. Ladies love the Chicago 71.I was really amped to go here. It was not exactly what I expected, but the service was good and the drinks are of the best quality. It's a shame that it's not more busy.  The food is really good. The fruit in the drinks is cut fresh, never left on the counter. 
They seem to be trying really hard. They almost have down and the whole place is  a little quirky. The nudes in the hallway are a bit out of place.  I love the cracked glass counter. 
The drinks were good, and the place was clean. out of the 4 drinks I tried, I liked 3 of them. my husband hated all 4. Every time I come here I love the drinks. The blood and smoke is my favorite. 
I will keep coming here.Was excited about because of high ratings, but I was disappointed. Went after work around 8 on Sunday with a coworker. The place had character. We were hungry and had never been so asked for recommendations and the bartender said everything. So we ordered the Brussels, Brie, ad lettuce wraps. We were sitting at bar and the kitchen is also behind the bar so you can see the cook prepare your order. Soon after we ordered, we saw the cook yelling at the bartender about how there were no dishes and needed to close the kitchen. We started yelping other places in the area to eat. We were confused if we were going to get our order or not. About 5 mins later after getting bartenders attention we ask him what was going on and he said they would make our food. Ordered drinks. Pims cup was good. Food took about 10-15 mins and came in waves. Brussels were just ok. Brie was good. The lettuce wraps came with beef and chicken I think. Beef was tasty but chicken not so much. We needed to ask for silverware. When we asked for share plates the bartender had to go looking for them. The bartender was pleasant but never checked on us. So basically, food tasted ok but I was disappointed. And service was poor. Idk. It wasn't really that busy. And we felt ignored by bartender while he entertained his friends. Don't think I'd go back.If you want a GREAT drink you need to go to Victory. The bartender is incredible and the drinks are works of art. No exaggeration.Great Place and will always be a stop when we are in New Orleans! The staff is knowledgeable and friendly and oh so creative. Best place for a drink a bite and some fun!This place was fantastic, mixologists are on point and they greet you upon sitting at the bar with a complimentary cocktail. The night we were there it was a gin infusion that tasted like rootbeer, if you're in NOLA this place is a must stop.So, so, so good. The scallops made me want to pass out. And their drinks are fabulous!! You walk in and they hand you a sample of their daily cocktail. And then I had to have 2 more of their wonderful basil, cinnamon daiquiris.
The bartender is awesome!! And I'll be enjoying lunch there tomorrow.