When you get sick of all the fried oysters, fried chicken, fried cheese, fried shrimp, lobster, crawfish and po-boys, you'll be ready for this very clean and refreshing Vietnamese/Japanese restaurant.  I was able to have a great simple meal that didn't cost me $65.Good atmosphere. Pho was decent. I've had beeter. No deep depth of flavor. It was by our hotel so no complaint about location.Was craving pho, got here before last call.  Thank goodness. Needed my pho today. 
Ordered the pho chin and viet coffee. Both was very tasting and hot the spot. 
The waiters are very friendly and gave me directions to where I wanted to site see at as well. 
Good food, good service.I don't think anyone would expect an asian place in New Orleans to be fantastic, so I guess this place met expectations. After all, there is not much an asian population and not even a chinatown. So any asian places you find will be your only hope for asian food. This place tries to juggle Vietnamese and sushi, an interesting combination. I wouldn't call it bad, it was okay food. But I will say this, the waiters seemed to be real busy and real committed, our waiter was running so fast I thought he was going to trip, and always doing 10 things at once. So service some of the best I've seen.Best sushi in town. Vietnamese cuisine is also terrific but I always order sushi. Sushi chef and staff are all friendly and personable. Now open til 930:), but closed on Saturday:(. I highly recommend.Nearby to several hotels, this is a good break from all the Cajun/typical NOLA food! I really needed a break from all the heavy food and this was right around the corner. Dinner did not have a lot of people but I came back for a lunch before going to the airport and definitely a lot more busy. Service was friendly with smiles. There are also several flat screens broadcasting different channels so need be, there's a place to catch any wrestling/football/bball games.
Bahn mi is flavorful, $9.25 after tax which is a lot more than the joints in NYC! The noodles are around the same price. Wanted to try sushi but was told it would be at least a 20 min wait so I'm guessing it's pretty good. Patrons in the restaurant had a good variety of orders so it's a good choice in the neighborhood for workers too.Good lunch spot. The Pho is great, but i reallu go for the rice noodles with tofu. Service is usually pretty quick and efficiant. Reasonably priced for tje CBD.I am not a huge fan of pho. I typically order vermicelli with egg rolls- it's my go-to hangover food. Noodles, egg rolls, cucumber, carrots, peanuts, cilantro, bean sprouts, and fish sauce- amazing. i can't comment on any of the other food, but my normal order is always delicious. The service is very quick- maybe too quick at times? I wouldn't recommend it for a nice night out or a date, but it's a great quick lunch or dinner spot.Traveling with a party of 10 we were very happy to find that tables were readily available.  Sushi and Vietnamese in one place intrigued me and the pictures drew me in and made my taste buds curious.  Right off the bat I saw the Banh mi price....$8+??!! I really wanted to orders, but I notice another table had one and I already knew it would disappoint.  I was fairly craving for Com Tam Bi (Vietnamese Broken rice) but they did not offer the traditional steam egg cake with the white pork strands thingy (bi).
The spring rolls and Eggrolls are a bit over price. Noodles in the spring rolls had a very old type taste feel...has that dry and not as moist taste when your chewing down. Egg rolls were okay but again the price really doesn't reflect what it should be. 
Pho was like many touristy type areas....watered down and no pho smell or flavors. 
However  the sushi was really impressively delicious. Great and simple presentation with clever combination of the fresh fish they offered.  
Overall
Vietnamese food 2.5 out of 5
sushi 4 out of 5
service 4 out of 5Nice and modern decor if that's what you are looking for. Definitely not authentic pho, because they don't even have beef tendon and tripe. More importantly the portion is for a kid. Super stingy. Most importantly the broth is like water. Come here if you are looking for a good place for a date, but not for good pho.The sushi is my favorite in New Orleans. I loved the black and gold roll it's absolutely delicious. Also the spring rolls are amazing. Highly recommend this place! Service was wonderful as well. :-)You don't come here for the ultimate pho experience but it does give you that fix.  It's a decent place if you're in the downtown area and don't want to venture to far out.  The spring rolls are really good though.We tried this place because it was within walking distance of our hotel. We were a little skeptical because it was empty. But the service was great and the food was pretty good and reasonable. I would visit again.Stopped in to grab a quick bite for lunch, and ended up enjoying an excellent meal of sushi. Nice decor, friendly service, and a cool atmosphere; I would most definitely recommend Viet Orleans. We had 3 rolls, all were very good, but the Street Car Roll was the best. The hot saki was also very tastyNothing bad, just not above average flavors. And cost Is high for good Vietnamese in New Orleans much less mediocre. Not too many options in evening in this area just yet. Clean restaurant and quick service.Packed spot for the CBD lunchtime crowd. Good portions of food- I had grilled shrimp banh mi (aka a "Vietnamese Po' Boy") which was ridiculously satisfying and had crisp cucumbers, jalapeno, and shredded carrot inside. The mayo was not overdone either. The pho, bun/vermicelli noodle plates, and Vietnamese coffee also look very good. Strangely there is also fro yo on offer.
The place seems vegetarian friendly as well with a couple tofu options, as well as a request on the menu to indicate any dietary preferences when you order. Entrees range from about $9-12.Solid Vietnamese with quick service.  I typically get the grilled tofu with rice and it's a nice light version of that dish.Best pork fried rice I have had in a long time! A nice break from the fried fish and po boys in NOLA.I was hesitant going here with the reviews but it was getting late and it was across the street from my hotel. 
Ended up eating here twice during two recent business trips and both times I had great service and really good food. 
Seaweed salad was good and they give you a ton. Avocado Tuna salad was good but small for the price. Would expect more than half an avocado.
Pork spring roll was really good too and the sushi rolls I've had, one being the Viet New Orleans, was really good.Walked in and was seated immediately. Ordered 3 sushi rolls and an appetiser. Appetiser came out quickly and rolls came out soon after. Resturant was very clean. Over sever Jennifer was attentive. Everything was reasonably prices. The food was delicious and I wood recommend the Dragon roll. One of the best sushi places I've been too.I came in here alone around 11am Christmas Eve. I was the only customer and all the staff was eating when I walked in, and even though I felt bad for interrupting their lunch, they were glad to seat me and take my order. 
I got the Vietnamese coffee, grilled pork spring rolls (fresh rolls- they're not fried) and the brisket and eye round pho. The coffee was good, the rolls were great, and the pho was lacking a little flavor. I found the noodles to be not quite finished cooking even though I left them in the broth for a while. During my meal, I had about 4 different servers come up and ask me how my meal was and if I needed anything and for some reason, it was in such a polite way that I didn't mind and actually appreciated that they took the time out of their meal to ask me how mine was. 
The staff deserves 5 stars but unfortunately the food deserves about 2. Though everything was fine, $4 for coffee, $6 for spring rolls, and $10 for pho is pretty steep and not worth it. There are cheaper places you can go, but not any that are closer to the French Quarter now that Nola Pho Life is gone. It's a good option for lunch if you want to treat yourself, but I think that eating here every day could be a little taxing on the ol' wallet. But, if you don't mind the money, it's worth checking out because the staff are a gem!I really want to love this place because its close to work and about the only Vietnamese place downtown.  
Pros: Fast, friendly service, pretty good spring rolls, and very solid rice/noodle dishes.
Cons: the pho.  Have tried it twice (rare flank, well done round), both times the beef was like cardboard and the broth was almost flavorless.  Its strange - their other main course dishes are good to very good, but the pho is just not good.
I hope they get the pho figured out.Very friendly and helpful server. Explained all the food options!  Really helped since I'm not very familiar with Vietnamese cuisine. Talked us out of Phoenix because was a beastly hot day.  THINK YOU! 
Food was good to above average,  would come back.This place is really great! Our waiter was so funny! That's why we decided to come back a second time.  I ordered pho which was ok.  I had better pho back home but the service and the ambience of the place was the deciding factor why I gave this place a 5 star.  Plus there's not a lot of Asian cuisines around here.  Definitely give this place a try.Come for the Pho... stay away from the sushi. The sushi order took forever to come out and they made a substitution without asking!!! Mediocre at best. Expensive. Did I mention SLOW? My friends were almost done eating their soup before I started eating!! They said the Pho was very good. The service was indifferent.I came here for the four star recommendation by yelp and unfortunately, this place does not deserve four stars at all. I'm giving it 2 instead of 1 only because the staff was very very courteous. We had the pho dac biet and the flavor of the pho just wasn't up to par as compared to the other pho offered uptown, West Bank and Metairie. Hopefully this keeps others from having high hopes for this place.This is a nice place in the CBD. I ordered a noodle bowl for takeout and it came out in 5 minutes. The bowl was good, but isn't as flavorful as some others around the city.  The wait staff was friendly and efficient.After a few days of fried seafood, we wanted something familiar.  The pho soup base was good but everything else in the bowl was just ok.  I've had way better in small inky dink places in NYC.  It was a sad disappointment, I should have known because they served sushi too.  This place caters to Americans.  Why can't you cater to American with food that you yourself eat at home???Good spot downtown if you are looking for a quick meal like pho or sushi. I had the chicken pho and it hit the spot.Given how convenient this place is to me and the overall courteousness of the staff, I can see myself returning for a second chance, but my first impression is that I've definitely experienced better Vietnamese.  
I tried the crispy pork spring roll which takes 90% of the blame for the low rating--I've eaten better spring rolls that were warmed up from a frozen box.  These were dry, lukewarm, flavor-lacking and just plain bad.  I really hope these weren't housemade because if so...please find a new chef.
My Tofu Pho, was pretty tasty and hit the spot on a cold, rainy night--delicate flavors, decent looking herbs to add in and TONS of tofu--maybe even too much, kind of took away from the balance of the dish as a whole.  
Overall the place is ok...ambiance is cool, staff were great and the saki was tasty~Totally wasn't expecting to find decent pho or sushi near our hotel! Pleasantly surprised.  Good service and very fresh seafood.Food quality is fantastic. Portions are lacking. I recommend their sushi and miso for sure. Haven't tried their Vietnamese dishes yet.Wow!  Great bahn mis!  Great pho!  Great chicken dumplings.   Do not miss this place. 
The waitress actually waited for us to finish our apps to our main order in. A rarity in places like this. 
It was out f'ing standing!
5 stars for sure!Pho has no flavor.  It must be cooked with the beef powder instead of beef bone.  Because they have no "nuoc beo".  The waitress is Vietnamese, and know how to speak Vietnamese, but refused to speak Vietnamese to Viet customer.  She is nice though I am not sure why she refused to speak Vietnamese to a Viet customer. Ice tea is 2.49 lunch time.It's good, but like others have already said, it's overpriced, especially on the Vietnamese options. I ordered the spring rolls, which were good, but really skinny. The two spring rolls together would make one regular size that you would get at a standard Vietnamese restaurant. So at $5 for two, it was a little much. Had a few other items, but the standout was the tuna and avocado salad. The ponzu sauce on top was really good, and the avocado was perfectly ripe. The tuna and avocado were served on a bed of spinach, which was different, but not unpleasant. 
Overall, I thought the meal was good, but there are better options out there.The salmon bake was excellent. Sushi was also fresh, and the servers were extremely friendly as well. I would definitely go back again.The only place I eat sushi at in New Orleans. The sushi chefs are great, the quality of the seafood may only be matched by their skill in serving it.
I always get sushi but every time a frond orders Vietnamese they have enjoyed it as well.
I highly recommend viet Orleans to anyone looking for great sushi and Vietnamese in a relaxed atmosphere.Stopped by around 4pm on a weekday and as expected nobody else in the dining area. There was one customer in the bar whom I think are friends with the sushi master. I ordered a rice plate with grilled pork, a side order of broth and fried egg rolls. The grilled pork was a bit salty and didn't have the "grilled or chard" taste I was looking for. It came with some fixing like cucumbers which I was hesitant to eat due to the recent salmonella outbreak. The fried egg rolls was ok. It didn't wow me BUT $3 for a small cup of broth? That's just ridiculous and caught my attention after the fact. I was surprise to see my bill of nearly $20 for that meal. The broth though was good.First time eating here, love it. Amazing food, comfy cozy and friendly atmosphere. Recommend friend rice chicken and the shrimp roll thingsI went there Thursday night at 8:30.  Ordered the shrimp spring rolls which was pre wrapped, since the rice paper was a bit chewy and had a bland taste.  I had the N7 Pho, the first sign that the broth wasn't hot enough was that the bean sprouts didn't soften...the broth was middle of the road for flavor.  Sriracha and oyster can't be your only to condiments.  A real sign of a good pho place is that it should have a lazy suzy of condiments, grilled garlic, pepper oil, sugar, etc.A-M-A-Z-I-N-G I'll be back for sure! Cravings fulfilled! The spicy  pho  was delightful. Friendly staff, well lit and hot hot sake. A new favorite.This place is very good, especially their sushi.  Service was good, and the place was not busy.  It has a nice ambience, and the food was great.  Would recommend.We were visiting NOLA and I was craving some Asian food. This place was only a short walk from our hotel we were staying. The place was huge with plenty of seating but the crowd at 5pm was small. Only about 4 tables were filled when we went around 5pm on a Wednesday. 
The first thing I noticed was the price. It was way to pricey but I guess that is to be expected in the CBD area?? The spring roll was good in taste but small in size same goes with the pho. The banh mi is ridiculous in price. I can get one in Atlanta for $2.50 and $3.00 in Tampa...$8.50-$12.99 at Viet Orleans...yeah...I'll just wait till I get home to get my fixing. I rather spend the money on a true NOLA po boy instead. 
Overall, if you're craving Viet food and you're near by then this is a decent place to come visit. If you're on a budget and need an Asian fix, go to the local fast food Chinese restaurant- you'll get more bang for your buck and can feed 4 people for less than $15.So. Good! Was visiting New Orleans this week and wanted to try something off the beaten path. Walked in shortly after 5 on a Wednesday and were the only ones in there. It was quiet and very nice. We got the chicken spring rolls, volcano roll and spicy girl roll and we were blown away by how good they all were. Wish I could scoop up this treasure and bring it back to Texas with me. So recommend!Wasn't bad but wasn't great. 
I had the seafood pho, it was ehhh. They don't give you too much veggies, small portion. 
Friend had the shrimp fried rice which was delicious! & for once an Asian restaurant used big shrimp and gave more than enough in the dish! These weren't salad shrimp! 
Ordered the street car roll & had to wait what seemed like FOREVER! After the wait I thought it'd be amazing and it wasn't, disappointed. 
The ambience was really nice, looked like an old English Pub, it was spacious!Wherever we go, we know where the best restaurants are, but we are always on the lookout both for good, new restaurants, and restaurants that may have good vegetarian options.  We found a nice one here in a city that is generally a destintation for meat, fish, and seafood.  
This restaurant is a short walk from Canal Street on Baronne.  If you are in the French Quarter, Baronne is the same as Dauphine on that side of Canal Street.  People who have been to New Orleans know that the French Quarter side of Canal is the "Creole" side, and the Garden District side of Canal is the "European" side, so the names of streets change when you cross Canal going one way or the other.  Anyway, this restaurant is just a few blocks from the French Quarter up river from Dauphine/Baronne, it is worth the walk and the exercise to come up here.  Not only will you find good, vegetarian options, you will find a good, clean restaurant, too, with excellent, attentive help.  
I had what they call the "Banh Mi" tofu which essentially is a Vietnamese "Po'Boy."  Vegetarian Po' Boys are hard to find in New Orleans, but, if you want to eat like the locals, and still go vegetarian, this is an excellent choice.  You get the feel, and texture of the Po' Boy roll, but filled with tofu cooked to perfection.  They use the "firm" tofu, cook it to perfection, and place it on a bed of cilantro, cucumber, pickled carrots and jalapeno peppers, (not spicy at all).  There is also Sriracha sauce on the table, if you like, or Hoisin Sauce if you prefer.  It costs $8.99, but comes with no sides at all, and is only moderate sized for a Po'Boy, but it is excellent, it is vegetarian, and it is a rare, good find in New Orleans.  
My wife had the "Bun" tofu.  It's the same tofu fried the same was as in the Banh Mi, except placed on a bed of vermicelli, (essentally rice noodles), and served with the same cucumber, lettuce, and pickled carrots.  It's pretty much the same as the Po'Boy except without the bun, and without the jalapenos.  This dish is usually served with fish sauce, but they happily substitute peanut sauce instead.  Just ask. 
Both dishes were delightfully light, and very different from what is usually found in, and around the French Quarter.  This is a very good option.  Note also that domestic beers are $4.00 here, and unlimited soft drinks are just $2.49.  
For those who are not used to Pho restaurants, and who are vegetarian, note that "NO" Pho is vegetarian.  All of the Pho broth is animal-based - Usually beef broth.  It sounds like a good option, but it's not if you are vegetarian or vegan.  The  important thing to know is that they have good tofu - the firm style - and it is prepared "right," or at least what I think is right - cooked to a good texture.  
I highly recommend this place for vegans and vegetarians looking for a light lunch or dinner in a city not really known for the same.I don't know if it's because I'm so spoiled here in California especially around Orange County and in the San Gabriel Valley where it's Asian food capital in America... that makes us ungreatful anywhere else where the food doesn't meet our tastebud's needs.
Not to be mean, the food here is decent. I had the combination Pho along with an iced coffee. The Pho proportion I thought was a bit skimpy, while the price of the bowl of noodles was also a bit higher compared to OC and the SGV. Very small quantities of noodles along with the meat. My soup was not as hot, so it took awhile for my bean sprouts, chile peppers, and basil leaves to cook. It wasn't too flavorful,  but still good after adding more condiments. My iced coffee was a good size. Also a bit more expensive. A bit too sweet for me, so I diluted it with water. Not too shabby as it was already pre-made. I originally wanted the dripped Vietnamese Coffee, but they didn't have it. I was a bit surprised since this place is a Viet Pho place. But I understand, and I admit that I'm just a spoiled person living in an Asian community. 
The service was great though! The waitress was so nice. She was attentive and made sure we were fine. I really liked it.
Overall, I had a great experience at Viet Orleans. I wanted to go there the first day I arrived, but didn't have the chance until the day we were leaving. 
I will come back if I'm at New Orleans again. Hopefully everything will be better.I ordered the Rio Com Tufu. It was good. Could have used a bit more flavor, but the fish sauce on the side helped. Service was good.From out of town and heard about the Vietnamese food scene in Nola ... And I love me some authentic Vietnamese food. Thanks fellow yelpers! Found this place close to my hotel. This place was super yummy and well priced especially for the location. Had the shrimp spring roll which was pretty good and the chicken pho which was delicious! Added all the fixings and the sauces and it was like a little bit of heaven. Would def come back!This place has a great space, sushi bar, excellent staff and really good food. The Pho will have you addicted and the po-boys and spring rolls are also fresh and flavorful. With great prices, this place is an all around gem in the city for a quick lunch or nice dinner.We had a late lunch here. Decent prices. The spicy crawfish roll was amazing. The spicy tuna was just so so. The tofu pho was really good. Nice beef broth with lots of flavor. Friendly, quick, service.If I only ate Pho, then I would give a 4-star. However, I ate the Salmon and I felt cheated. Therefore, I give a 2-star. It was not like in the picture below. There were two thin slices of salmon on top of a huge pile of IMITATION CRAB mixed with god-know-what. Why do people even eat imitation crab?
http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/rWzWUwtdFGKA9IokqIBoOw/ms.jpgI have a love hate relationship with this place. It's directly across the street from my building, we go often. The food is a solid B. They have timing issues, often resulting in bringing out the egg roll after the main. Sometimes it's way over done. The portion size is much bigger if you dine in. The sushi is the best you can do in area but not amazing by any standard. They forgot the meat for my pho once, not bad considering I get carryout at least once every two weeks, but when I went back for it they wanted to argue about it, instead of just fixing it. I prefer Pho Orchid and Namese, Viet Orleans is a step above ok.Needed something to soothe my stomach after one of those nights.  Soup usually does the trick and I'm sure it was fate that while in my haze I stumbled across this gem.  I had the pho with brisket.  Delicious and just what I needed.  Don't worry, all of the fixins come on the side but try it with lemon, sriracha and hoisin sauce.  If I'm ever in the area again, this place will be my go-to.Viet Orleans is not your typical Vietnamese restaurant. Although the food is all Vietnamese, it has a sports-bar like feel. The service is excellent. The waiter was very nice and the food was out within 10 minutes. The food itself was decent - not the best I've ever had- but definitely good. I got the veggie sushi and spring roll and my friend got the beef fried rice. Both were good! But nothing really special. 
If you're looking for a decent sushi/Vietnamese place Viet Orleans is definitely a good choice.It's in downtown. The clientele are office workers. So it will be overpriced Americanized Vietnamese food. I went there because my coworkers said its adequate. It's very apt. The food is adequate. The combination noodle is $14. 
I probably won't go back there again. I'll just wait till I get off work and drive to the West Bank.Really great pho (and I'm a Vietnamese girl who has had authentic pho from Vietnam before)! And  decent sushi as well :)Decent pho, although the rice noodles took an extra couple of minutes in the broth before they were done.  No tendon, but the rare beef and the brisket were pretty good.  Nice broth.  The pork spring rolls were ok.  Not enough BBQ to the pork, but still decent.
Service was friendly and I liked the space.We ordered pho and rice with grilled beef to go.  The pho broth was decent not spectacular.  The grilled beef was not that good either.I honestly have no idea how this place has good reviews. Either previous reviewers have never had good, authentic pho, or they enjoy paying for the atmosphere. I had the pho and the broth is awful, the meatballs are awful (and undercooked), and it's overpriced to boot. It's definitely worth the trek to Lilly's in the LGD to get descent Vietnamese food.Great place for some quick sushi. Not a fancy place which is great for some casual sushi (did not try other dishes as we were only looking for sushi). And was only place open at 11 serving sushi. Staff was super friendly and accommodating. Sushi chef made special roll for us which was our spin off of a spicy roll (no mayo but add in chipped jalapeño). Only reason I didn't give five stars is because the edamame and miso were meh. But sushi was GREAT.Overall, not terrible and also not fantastic.
We were seated right away with good service. I ordered the cucumber salad and the tofu pho.
Cucumber salad was $6 and was not good enough to justify this price. It wasn't gross but it was nothing more than cucumbers, lettuce, some roe, and a very basic ponzu sauce. It just screamed mediocre and I wasn't happy to pay $6 for it.
The pho was my favorite part, the broth was delicious (although not vegetarian) and came with plenty of well made tofu. By that I mean that the tofu had clearly been seasoned and cooked before added to pho and it gave the tofu a very nice texture. I do have to say that I found the broth to be too salty, I wish they wouldn't add that much salt as there are many delicate flavors that get drowned out by the saltiness. 
It wasn't the best pho I've ever had so I think 3 stars is a fair judgement.This is my first time visiting new orleans  and was craving for some pho. My sister and I popped  in to this restaurant for some soup. The broth was delicious and the service was good. However, it is pretty pricy for pho with very little portion. There was so little noodles probably only the size of a tennis ball.  I wish they give a little more noodles and veggies  for that price.Light and inviting atmosphere, super friendly staff, and great fresh sushi rolls and spring rolls. Yummy yummy.Great bowl of pho down the street from the hotel. Just what the doctor ordered. Cured my cold.
The guys are really friendly too. Gave lots of suggestions for things to do on my day off.Great change of pace during my recent trip to new orleans...Sushi and Pho were a change in flavor that the other rich foods in new orleans....I had the seafood pho which had a very an unexpected spicy broth (after all you in NOLA) over all it was really good....The eggrolls and springrolls were both very good and a great portion size in comparison to other vietnamese places...This was a great change of flavor...Check it out you won't be disappointed...Came here, because I was feeling under the weather and wanted something cultural and comforting without dealing with the crowds during French Quarter Fest. Also I live off Esplanade and just wanted to grab a bus (#91) to and from without having to put much effort into a solo dinner. I was quite pleased that they had Vietnamese AND Sushi, which the pictures on Yelp looked very appetizing. The venue is clean and ambient, relaxing, quiet. I was there about six in the evening, so not sure what lunch is like. At first I was the only customer, but by the time I left, at least another ten more people had come in. A lot larger than I originally thought after several times of walking past. I was excited to see a Vietnamese restaurant in the CBD, and it did not disappoint. I ordered the shrimp bun (vermicelli) add eggroll, my usual from any place. I had a hard time choosing between the Rock and Roll and the Naruto Roll (also my usuals)- went with the Rock and Roll, a bowl of Miso, and a large hot sake. The prices were good, 12.99 plus 1.99 for the bun/eggroll, 8.99 for the Rock and Roll, 10.99 for a large hot sake.. not sure about the miso, but it came to around $51.00 with 20 percent gratuity for everything. For what I wanted and how I felt, it was all worth the price although there could have been a little more vermicelli in the bun. I've definitely had cheaper in other places around town, but the quality and convenience was comparable . My server Aaron was efficient and attentive, while also giving me my privacy. I would definitely go back alone or with friends and definitely recommend. It's all pretty standard fare, but it works and you can't beat the fusion of two Eastern foods, versus the usual Vietnamese and Chinese combo. I hope this place has future success.As a college student from Cali I eat a lot of veggies and pho--this place had an awesome tofu pho (though no added veggies which was sad)! It was reasonable and warmed me right up when I was feeling under the weather! There are veggie options in New Orleans!I really like the atmosphere... the building is clean and the staff were extremely friendly.  I got the pork Bahn Mi which had all the expected dressings (jalapenos, cilantro, mayo / aioli, cucumbers, etc.  It was good, especially considering it is in the CBD, but I think $11 for a Bahn Mi and water (gratuity added to our party of 5) is a little over priced.  Out the door for $8 or 9 was what I expected.  
I was with some people who got the fried rice and some others who had the pho.  The pho was light on protein from where I was sitting.  The fried rice was well received by my co-workers.
Again, service was top notch, great location if you work in the CBD and the atmosphere was pleasant.
I will be back, but probably not more than once every other month or so.This restaurant has changed a bit...the last page of the menu has been removed so their sushi service is no more-now strictly Vietnamese cuisine. I had a very basic grilled shrimp salad with romaine lettuce, carrots, cucumbers, and tomatoes. The shrimp were well seasoned and they gave me about 8 of them. I ordered peanut sauce for dipping and I think theirs is the best--more liquified than the jarred thick stuff you find elsewhere.Conveniently located, fast service, and choice of vietnamese or sushi. I am always in the mood for pho, so desperate for a non-new orleans style seafood dish with creamy orange mayonnaisey goo I took my chances.  You have more than one choice of pho, however no tendon :'( I ordered the "rare" beef pho but of course all the meat was well done by the time it got to me. My partner ordered the shrimp banh mi and was very satisfied with it (I was impressed that there were several versions of the sandwich). Fast service and got the job done. Will definitely be back.While on vacation decided to stop in here because it is a combination Vietnamese and sushi place. Everyone in my family eat something different so this was a nice fine for us. I ate the beef pho , my wife is the Bhan  mi sandwich, and my daughter ate the sashimi plate special. Everything was good, no complaints. Service was excellent, prices were slightly high but everyone was happy with their meal. Sashimi plate was 15 dollars, probably should've been around 10 dollars.I'm definitely a fan of this place.  I always get the sushi and it's never disappointed me.  I've had the pho a few times and it's pretty good as well, and they will provide extra veggies and fixings if you ask.  I go there with a vegetarian friend some times and he's also a fan.service was quick and attentive. we had an issue with 2 out of 6 of our meals so we had the manager come over AFTER we paid and tipped because I didn't want them to think I was out for a free meal. the manager apologized so nonchalantly for the hair in 2 of our meals and proceeded to ask us where we were from and how the weather is. I smiled and answered her irrelevant questions but I was dying on the inside from disgust. definitely not worth the $120 dollars for 6 people @ lunch. I'm actually even more mad now that I only waited til after I paid to say something.Decent Pho spot that gets a little bit of a boost from the fact that you're going to have a hell of a time finding similar alternatives in the area. I was skeptical of this place at first, due to the fact that their sign said they served vietnamese food AND sushi, but I ended up pleasantly surprised. I live in the San Francisco area, so I'm spoiled when it comes to high quality Asian food, but I wasn't in San Francisco, so my standards needed to be adjusted. 
I came here a couple times during my week long stay, and I tried a couple different kinds of Pho and Bahn Mi. The beef and pork in my Pho was tender enough, and had the broth had ok flavor. I wasn't blown away, but I was pleased. The basil, cilantro, and bean sprouts however, were a bit wilted. The Bahn Mi bread was fresh and the grilled pork and chicken were moderately flavorful. The texture of the meat implied that it might have been a bit overcooked or aged, but even so I was still mostly satisfied. 
Overall, my two experiences here weren't bad. If I were in the area again craving Pho, I wouldn't hesitate to come back.This place is EVERYTHING!  Omg the pork banh MI is rolling!  Full of meat, full of flavor!This review is for take out only.  Ordered the $8.99 grilled pork a few times while I was staying at a hotel nearby and they were solid on taking their orders and preparing them in given estimated time.  He flavors were spot on and they were delicious.  I'm posting a take out menu, as I didn't have access to them on the internet.Exhibiting here in New Orleans for the first time. It has been a long week with only a few days more to go. Had the craving for something soupy with noodles. Yelp help me find this place near the hotel I was staying at (Holiday Inn). I ordered the following
1) Ice Coffee (not potent as the one in Los Angeles)
2) Shrimp Spring Roll (Better than the ones in Los Angeles)
3) Pho with Rare Steak, Brisket and Meat ball
Overall the Pho broth was very good,, amazing how clear it was, the meat balls were not my favorite. The brisket and steak were very good and thick. Overall the atmosphere was comfortable and relaxing. Service staff were nice and timely. Will visit again before I leave on Saturday. 
I give it a 5 star because it is a gem compared to all the fried and spicy places around the area, however this place would be a 4 star in Los Angeles at best. Enjoy and savor the opportunity for this bowl of pho.Came here expecting to get some good pho and mediocre sushi. What I got was pretty much the exact opposite. Glad to have pho as an option so close to my house regardless. The long and short of it:
1. Viet Orleans Roll. My favorite thing on the menu. Filled with all the best stuff and some pretty decent sauces. It's big enough for a small meal.
2. Pho. What I came here for, but was sadly disappointed. The broth is lacking in flavor and the noodles are thin. If you're looking for good pho I'd recommend you take the extra time to walk to Lily's on Magazine.
3. Price. Everything here is a bit pricy, not your standard $8.00 affair.
All in all its not a terrible place. I wouldn't come back often if it wasn't so close to me, but when I do go back it won't be for pho. So grab a slightly overpriced but yummy roll and stuff your face!
Overall Grade: CAfter a long roadtrip that separated me from my wonderful chinatown back home, I had an insane craving for sushi. Sadly, there were no places I could find that had both Vietnamese food and sushi... until I met this place. 
The restaurant looks a bit small on the outside, but it'd really big inside. When I came in at around 1 PM, there weren't many people. Just one table occupied. That sort of worried me, but I entered anyways. I ordered a spicy tuna roll and Philidelphia roll. While I waited, I looked around a bit. There's a fleur-de-lis with the words "WHO DAT NATION" surrounding it.... I could not come with any explanation for the existance of such a sculpture/logo.
Anyways, each roll was cut into 6 slices. It was very delicious. I opted for the cheap rolls ($5.49 each), so I can't say anything grand about them. But they were good. Despite not having much business (not as crowded as some places I go to back at home), the sashimi was still fresh and the avocado wasn't brown. That's pretty good!
But speaking about the other food items on the menu, I find this place to be very overpriced. $8.49 for a banh mi? In Houston, they're $2-5 MAX. And I would often complain about sandwiches going over $4.... And the ph... $13?!?!?? They're usually $7-8 where I'm from. Because of the price, or maybe it's just the lack of business or something, I take off a star. Other than that, everything is well.