My husband and I just had dinner at Vincent's tonight, and we both had a great experience there. Our food was excellent, and the wait staff was very attentive. It seemed like our waiter was keeping an eye on us as we ate our soup and salad so he could bring out the entrees in a timely manner after we were finished, which was a nice touch. We finished our meal with couple coffees and a slice of tiramisu, which was the most divine tiramisu I've ever had! Seriously, if you've still got room after dinner, get a slice. You won't be disappointed! Side note: be sure to get a reservation; it's a busy restaurant at dinner time.Absolutely delicious Italian place. I'm a pretty picky person to please but I'm glad I tried this one out. I had the meatball appetizer, veal parmegiana, and chicken parmagiana. Everything was incredible but I know this is weird but my favorite was the blue cheese vinaigrette dressing on the side salad from those entree. I'm definitely 100% coming back.We made a reservation for 6 here after my fiancé's hooding ceremony for his master's in finance. It was the first time our families were meeting each other, so naturally we wanted to go to our favorite Italian restaurant. We have been frequenting Vincent's for years, he has been eating here since he was a child. Our waiter off the bat seemed very standoffish, but not outwardly rude. I ignored it. Our food was impeccable, as always, but one of the drinks for the table didn't arrive until we had reminded our waiter twice. The bill came, we of course tipped 20% as I'm in the service industry while in my medical school application process and would never stiff on a tip. That's when things took a turn for the worse. Apparently we had overstayed our welcome despite only being seated for an hour and 15 minutes for a party of 6. I got up to use the restroom and heard our waiter tell a group of people waiting to be seated that "the family at your table just refuses to leave." After I returned to the table, our waiter took all of our water and wine glasses off the table, despite people still drinking from them! We were waiting on our Uber to arrive to take my parents back to their hotel and to take my fiancé and I home. It was storming outside, so not really an option to wait outside in the rain. I guess that's what they would have preferred! Our Uber only took 18 minutes to arrive from the time we signed the check. Terrible service. Completely rude. We called Vincent, a family friend of my fiancé's, immediately after leaving. Our waiter had absolutely no class and the manager did not seem to care either.Old school Italian joint.  Excellent service. Great wine list.  Thankfully we did not get an appetizer as It's a lot of food!  The blue cheese dressing was different than the typical creamy variety which was delicious.  We had: chicken Marsala and eggplant parm (not squishy as often the case).  The Freshly piped cannoli for dessert was crunchy and perfect.  In the sea of corporate owned chains and over priced high profile "celebrity" chefs/dinners I prefer to dine at restaurants like this!At the risk of screwing myself out of ever being able to get a reservation here, this is possibly the best restaurant in the city. Seriously. I highly recommend the cannelloni, eat ALL of the cream around it, the little breads they keep bringing out which are hot and crusty, the paneed veal beat so thin it's like a piece of paper, the by the glass wine list which has some really really good wines, and the service which is really spot on perfect. The oyster pasta was absolute perfection. It's true Italian at its finest.Went at lunch time.
High priced for lunch. Extremely slow service. Try someplace else for Italian food in New Orleans.
Excellent tasty food but small servings (like Paris, France)
Medallions (egg plant with sea food filling) great.
Blackened red fish, tasty.
Won't go back..Omg!  This place is adorable and charming and service is great.  Chloe our server was no nice and informative and gave excellent service.  Stuffed chicken and shrimp fettuccine were fantastic! I'm visiting from California, but I'd I lived near by I'd be a regular.  Love this place!Took awhile to get a seat, but we did not put in a reservation and had an odd sized party. There were plenty of tables available, but they set one up for our group as quickly as possible. The waiter (Dago) was very knowledgeable and the food was incredible. Friends were in from France and California; everyone was pleased!Wasn't blown away, especially having read these glowing reviews of Vincent's.  Food was average, service was slightly below average.  I'm willing to bet our table was given second rate service because of our age bracket (18-24).  And nothing upsets me more than not being treated equally because of my age.DO NOT GO HERE ON A HOLIDAY.  The food was precooked and dried out.  You will get a good meal during the week.  Sure didn't help that the manager put friends at a table before several parties who were there first.  BUT like I said before, you will get a good meal during the week.As my wife commented during the meal, this is a nice neighborhood restaurant, and indeed Vincent's is that. And, it has all that you would want from such a place - good food, relaxing environment, friendly, good prices, generous prices and such. I had the house special, cannelloni, and enjoyed it. Wife had the spaghetti and meatballs, for dinner and with enough for leftovers. Recommended.One of my best meals EVER in New Orleans was the Seafood Medallions I had at Vincent's Italian Cuisine last night. Although the meal is offered with breaded veal as an off-menu selection, I opted for the breaded eggplant version that is on the menu. 
PROS: Vincent's did not skimp on anything in preparing this meal. First, it comes with a medium-large salad that made for a great start. The entree itself was a large plate with two or three large pieces of eggplant, topped with a lump crabmeat and crawfish cream sauce. Like all other entrees, the main dish is accompanied by freshly-baked bread and a separate plate of Italian vegetables and pasta, in this case, steamed broccoli with what might be a cheesy breaded topping (not sure what, but delicious) and a small portion of penne pasta alfredo. I ate about half of the entree and vegetables and all of the pasta, and took the rest home. Walking to my car, I could smell the wonderful seafood in the sauce. When I took it out of the refrigerator to heat it up earlier today, I got another whiff of that heavenly scent! The half that I brought home was more than enough for my Sunday dinner. 
CONS: I'll never try anything else at Vincent's because this meal was so perfect! 
(And - a minor point -  I'd prefer plain butter, not garlic butter, for the bread.)I don't know how I went my whole life living in New Orleans without eating at Vincent's! The restaurant itself is perfect for a date night, and the food is incredible! I felt like we were in a scene from The Godfather! Michael was our server, and he was excellent! I didn't catch the Host's name, but he was great, too! If you don't make reservations, make sure you get there fairly early so you don't have to wait. We got there around 6:30 and were seated within 5 minutes of them being booked up on reservations for the night. Can't wait to go back!Fantastic little restaurant off of St. Charles.
Wasn't a fan of their calamari, but the house salad was decent and the house chicken soup was very good. We shared the Fettuccini Alfredo and Veal Parmigiana, both were extremely well cooked with incredible taste! To wrap up the night, we shared a hearty cannoli that was well worth it!
Don't go in without a reservation :$, or if you do expect to wait in a small crowded restaurant.
The staff was great! The owner Tony was around and greeted us. Certainly a nice dinning experience. :DBest Italian food in Louisiana. Tony runs a tight shop and it shows in the professionalism and efficiency of his staff.  Great atmosphere and authentic Italian cuisine. Will be going back very soonI took my wife here for her 30th birthday and she love it brought tears to her eyes I love this place.This place is a hidden gem in the garden district of New Orleans. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The seafood medallions are to die for. The best meal I have had in New Orleans so far. You will not regret coming here!!Omg!!! This was the perfect place to end a perfect weekend trip to NOLA. We arrived on Sunday at 6:30pm and the place was packed!! We did not have a reservation and upon. Entering I wasn't quite sure where to go to put our name in. I was greeted by a nice fellow who simply asked "how many?". I replied and he said "ok I'll get you in as soon as possible. I replied, "do you need my name"?  He said, "no I gotchu".  Fast forward 45 minutes and many people being sat before us he comes to me and says that he is ready for us.  I thought he forgot about us.
So he sits us right next to the front door at a small table amid all the business of the restaurant and people coming and going.  A news article on the wall explains that this seat is the "best in the house".  They weren't wrong.. besides everyone calling me "baby" instead of sir, the food blew me away!!!! So flavorful and exciting!! I over ate and wanted to go back the next day.... 
I recommend this place to everyone!!
Oh and the trolly goes right in front of the restaurant so it gives it that nice 40's- vibeLove love love... one of my all time fav places to eat. The atmosphere alone is amazing, throw in great food and it's simply the best!What a great choice this was. Such great service. It's about 2 blocks from the end of the St Charles trolley line. The food is incredible. The corn crab bisque was delicious served in its own brioche-like bread bowl. I had eggplant parm which was fresh and perfected made. Not overpowered by cheese at all. My friends each ordered the lasagne which was a mistake only because it was a huge serving and easily could be shared by two moderate eaters or 3 light eaters!!  It was very good. If you are here for several days make sure you stop by. They have a lot of choices and should accommodate most palates.Intimate, comforting, delectable - just a few words to describe my experiences here. Some of the best Italian food you will ever eat is an understatement. The menu is large, the specials are interesting, and the desserts are sinful. I have been here a few times - all for dinner - and each one as good as the previous. It's always busy, even on weekdays, so plan to spend a couple hours savoring fine cuisine and choice wine on the beautiful St. Charles Ave. 
     I recommend the seafood medallions, the pepper jelly duck, and the lasagna (classic). But anything you pick will be a winner.
Overall: 4.6 / AThe dinner was great and the staff was really friendly. Definitely recommend the pastas and veal!A chilly November night in NOLA and I was craving comfort food. As someone who was raised on my mother's homemade sauce and meatballs, for me comfort food always = ITALIAN. 
I'd heard good things about Vincent's, so the boyfriend and I bundled up and headed over. It turned out to be the best decision I've made all week. Vincents hit every bullet point on my "Italian restaurant" checklist: 
- Dim lighting, walls decorated with wine bottles and the occasional cheesy italian knick-knack, and a flickering candle on each table -- not to mention a big old container of breadsticks!! Warm, inviting, homey. (Check!) 
- Sinatra and Deano playing through the speakers (Check!) 
- A big menu of all the traditional Italian entrees, plus more (Check!) I ordered the chicken parm, which arrived cheesy and delicious. The BF ordered a T-bone, which basically looked like the slab of meat that Fred Flintstone orders and which subsequently tips his car over. Also fabulously delicious and served with brussel sprouts and polenta. YUM. 
- And for dessert.... a DELICIOUS cannoli --- ricotta inside a fresh flaky shell. The BF got an equally great tiramisu. (Check!) 
In summation, from the decor to the menu, to the food quality, Vincents is exactly what a classic italian restaurant should be. It's not taking any risks, and thats completely fine with me!
Also, big high fives to our server, Brian, who gave us FANTASTIC service from start to finish. I'm one of those annoying people who orders coffee right out of the gate and drinks cup after cup, and Brian never missed a refill. Our orders were taken promptly, food arrived perfectly spaced out and hot. He managed to always be right there if we needed something, without hovering over us. THANK YOU BRIAN! 
In conclusion, I fully anticipate going up a dress size or two this winter, because I'm definitely going to become a regular customer at Vincents!Was very disappointed with our meals. My Veal Roberto was very overcooked and my husbands eggplant dish was burnt, also our side of pasta consisted of about 6 zit's covered in a cheese sauce, what was that. I was born and raised Italian and have never had such poor quality Italian food in my life. If you're looking for good Italian food seek somewhere else. Also bad service not attentive at all.Let's just say make sure you order something you will definitely like or know is good otherwise, tough!they have no sympathy for them making a bad dish. Didn't offer to discount or change out or a dessert. What a shame they had potential for a great review.  I even let them throw my dish out which I don't ever do. That dish was the veal Roberto. Sauce was slightly too brown sugary it seemed and the veal was tasteless and mushy. If that is how that dish is supposed to be then I'm sorry I was unaware. 
As for the rest which was actually really good. The stuffed mushrooms were fantastic. The bisque was buttery corn goodness and the eggplant sticks were great. The spaghetti was good but still doesn't beat Fausto's. So far no one does for spaghetti and meatballs and I've been around. The bread and whipped butter also tasty. So good food if you order the right thing but don't expect any kind gestures if they serve you something disgusting or not cooked right. Oh and the Chianti I enjoyed as well.The most amazing Italian food I have ever had ! Fabulous drinks , and fantastic servers . Definitely recommend!Love Vincent's and have been there many times, although I'm from San Antonio, TX.  Not only is the food delicious, well seasoned, plated in generous portions, the service is outstanding. This is how waitpersons should be taught to serve! They will not allow your water nor iced tea to become empty. Breadsticks are on the table along with deliciously garlicky whipped butter.  We had a salad which we requested to share - they divided it in the kitchen onto seperate plates! Stuffed mirliton was succulent and tasty -- crammed with shrimp and crabmeat! Too bad we could not eat dessert, but we were so full! Give Vincent's a try --- my only complaint is the lack of space, about which they can do nothing, and the poor parking which is kind of a standard thing in New Orleans!The heart of Sicily and the shrimp and crab parma was great! Bread was not impressive at all and the house dressing oe the salads had no flavor. It was pricey and really not worth what we paid. Very nice staff though.The atmosphere of this restaurant makes it the perfect romantic date. Its located in the center of New Orleans so you can leave your car in a parking lot, walk around, explore the city, and then settle down with a nice meal. The restaurant itself is cozy, dimly lit and has a professional staff. 
I had the corn and crab bisque in a bread bowl. Heavenly! The soup was creamy and flavorful.The first time I went to VIncent's it was out-of-the-world amazing. I loved the shrimp pasta in white sauce and my date had an off-menu dish recommended by the waiter. (By the way, this is a great date spot).
Since that night, I've gone back twice. It's been really really good, but can't replicate that night.This is a great gem! Off the beaten path in New Orleans, about a $13 cab ride from French Quarter. The crab/corn chowder is seriously amazing-don't skip it! My husband ordered the canneloni; he was impressed and really enjoyed it. I had the veal in portabella sauce-it was outstanding. The portions are good size. The bread isn't very good (sesame), that was our only complaint. We love cajun/creole but were looking for a break during our Nola visit. If we're ever back, we will definitely visit Vincent's!We rolled in for lunch and was greeted with smiles and a nice table. We had been on the trolley just site seeing and had been told to try this place, it didn't disappoint. I had the chicken carbonara and it was phenomenal! They started us with warm bread and a nice wine. My Caesar salad was very good, but my entree was definitely worth stopping by. I ended my meal with an awesome bread pudding and a nice port. The service was above average and very personable. When I come back to Nola, I'll stop by again!If I could give this restaurant less than one star, I would. As someone who works at a restaurant, I can recognize terrible service. Don't waste your time making a reservation, because they won't honor it. They lost our reservation, and we had to wait 30 minutes to sit. We barely saw our server. She only checked on us once. There was a hair in my boyfriend's food. The food was average and overpriced. The restaurant was way too small and definitely a fire hazard. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone.Wonderful food! I had the cannelloni and it was absolutely magnificent!  The combined white and red sauces, and cheeses...best I've ever had and just now getting to dessert!  Lovely atmosphere also.I think best in the city. Others may do some individual things better but overall I think they do a great job. Never had a bad meal at Vincents. I think St Charles is better than Metairie.Love this place. Great service, amazing food. This is a real gem. When my friends visit from out of town I love to bring them to this restaurant. 
Best crab and corn bisque. Also love the crab cakes....I'm getting hungry thinking about it. 
We are becoming regulars there.What this place lacks in overall room it more than makes up for in ambience, service, and food quality. It's old school dining at its best. If that type of thing is not important to you then I suggest you go somewhere else. Everyone working at Vincent's is friendly and our waiter, Steven, did a wonderful job taking care of us. Yes, it can be cramped (it's not really for kids or claustrophobics) and not having a reservation on the weekend can mean having to deal with a wait, but this place is worth it. Every part of our meal was exceptional, from the Italian salad, the entree of veal, and the wonderful house-made tiramisu for dessert. Even the cappuccino was great and came with a delicious almond cookie. Top notch all around. Great date night place.I had the chicken parmesan to go. The taste was awesome but the to go portions are so much smaller than the dining in portions. Hopefully next time I'll get a bigger portion or order extra.A local Italian joint. Friendly staff and outstanding food! My husband and I were both disappointed we stumbled on this restaurant the last night we were visiting because we would have gone to eat there more than once. The corn chowder soup is excellent and there are no words to describe how amazing the cannelloni is!The food was overall up to standard, especially since an average entrée is around $25-$35.  I can see the attempt to provide great service but they get chaotic once it's busy.  Our server forget to give us the menu; so after waiting for a while we just grab the menu from the table next to us; then he got our wine order wrong. Also, I feel cheated because our bill was $76, which I wrote down $80-even and give extra cash tips on the side but somehow my bank statement was charge for $90 dollars. 
Overall, it was a decent experience because my girlfriend made my night, but I'm not very sure if we'll return or recommend this restaurant to our friends.  We did not try to solve the bank statement issue because $10 overcharge is not worth our time.  We'll consider it gratuity as tourists to NOLA.Vincent's has been a favorite since we "accidently" found it 20 years ago, under previous owners. 
Revisited two weeks ago, Wife, I, & Tulane student granddaughter from Folrida.
Vincent's is crowded, packed, full of local savants.  For good reason.  We had drinks, canneloni, salads, wonderful crab, shrimp, etc casserole, more drinks;  all very satisfied; tab around $100 + tip.   Very reasonable considering the excellent quality of Vincent's Gulf Coast-meets-Little Italy creations.
This is one of the very best of our many "Italian Creole" eateries here.   Any restaurant this continuously packed with locals has to be  great.  No parking, some waits, crowded bar & tables; mucho worth it !The food is full flavored and filling, heavy Italian dishes. The service if generally good and prompt; however, 1 out of 10 times you get a newbie or someone on a bad day. I simply mentioned it to the host and it was handled. The menu is wide. The ravioli and the steaks are excellent. It is a small, crowded, low lit place. I have never had a bad experience here and I often bring people from out of town here. The location in Metairie/Kenner is just as good.Let me start by saying, as a 2nd generation Sicilian - American I am very critical of Italian restaurant food since I always compare it to my mom's and the food you get  on Arthur Ave in the Bronx or Little Italy in New York.  Having said that, I would rate Vincent's as mediocre - 3 to 3.5 stars.  I had the lasagna - which lacked the variety and depth of flavor and texture in what I think of as authentic Italian.  My wife rated her spaghetti and meatballs as good (note: she's only half Italian).....but added that those weren't my mom's meatballs!  Both of us thought the chicken soup and the salad as just ok.  On the definite plus side is the service which was great and the ambiance - great little local restaurant.  We rode the streetcar from the French Quarter - long ride but neat.Being Italian I rarely eat out in Italian restaurants. However, we thought we would give Vincent's a try.  Every bite of each new dish they brought to the table seemed better than the last and we found it quite difficult to determine which dish we liked best.  It was a festival of flavors. The service was exquisite.  We were treated like family from the moment we walked in. By the end of our meal, it occurred to us that our entire dinner occasion was about the meal.  We will definitely be back!This place looks like a dive, but it's awesome.  If you don't like waiting, go for a late lunch or early dinner.  I got this crazy, amazing dish of phyllo dough stuffed with shrimp in a crabmeat cream sauce.  It was seriously amazing.  Unparalleled!  The crab and corn bisque in a bread bowl is also really good.  You will leave stuffed, but still wanting more.
I tried the italian sausage, and it was all right, but it didn't blow me away.  Sometimes the service is less than stellar, but the food is really out of this world.A classy Italian joint. This is the kind of place that you can just as easily go on a date as you could with your family. It's dark, romantic, cozy and old school crooner tunes play softly in the background. It's pretty damn idyllic, reminds me of old school New York Italian restaurants my family would visit on special occasions with my grandparents. Think: more upscale than Venezia, more old fashioned than Domenica, and much more filled with dedicated locals than Italian Barrel. 
My family and I walked in on a cold, rainy Sunday night the week before Christmas a little before 6pm. The place was packed! Definitely make a reservation! Tony, the kind maître d, offered us the only table left in the house. It was by the door, but we took it. I'm glad we did because we got a birds eye view of everyone coming and going. Tony is true professional and handled everyone coming in as if a treasured guest. You just don't typically see that kind of service in a place that isn't extremely upscale. 
Prices are extremely fair here and comparable to most other slightly upscale Italian restaurants. I'm vegan so I stuck to the one dish I could eat, the angel hair Bordelaise, which comes with soup (chicken and vegetable, which I gave to my father) and a small salad (unexciting, but it's a dinner salad so whatever. Order the dressing on the side because these folks are generous with the olive oil). The angel hair is perfectly al dente (not an easy feat with such thin pasta) and tossed with olive oil (see above), lots of garlic and spices (fennel!) It's delicately seasoned and kind of perfect. I also ordered a side of sauteed spinach (wish I could have a main of spinach with just a little pasta on the side, but I'm weird). My parents (not easy to please when it comes to Italian food) and boyfriend loved the calamari app, so if that's your thing, get it here because that isn't so typical in New Orleans. My father couldn't stop talking about how good his chicken Marsala was. Meat dishes come with a side pasta of fettuccine alfredo with broccoli. So decadent! 
A note about healthy options (for meat eaters): my mother ordered her chicken Parm in this style and it was awesome because the chicken wasn't breaded & deep fried. Wilted spinach accompanies it rather than the extremely heavy pasta side. Perfect for her! She loved it. 
Although there isn't a ton to eat for vegans here, the vibe and service makes me want to be a regular. So I'm sure I'll be back when I need a fix of the good 'ol days!Cozy, enjoyed our evening very much. The veal dishes my husband had we're excellently prepared. Very Italian and not touristy. Also recommend you take the streetcar . Allows for you to the beautiful homes on st. Charles. A must go restaurant!The food is good, but the service was horrible.  David is the one of the RUDEST servers I have ever encountered.  He completely ruined what would have been a lovely meal.  We will NEVER go back to Vincent's.Good service even when busy. old fashioned building, creates a nice ambiance. Food is amazing, very rich. Marinara sauce a bit sweet side though. Be sure to make reservations.  The tiramisu is good as well.  Overall a very nice dining experience.OMG!!! Best Italian food I've eaten in a long time. Service was friendly and food was amazing. Will definitely visit again when in New Orleans againThe restaurant is tiny and a bit cramped, but the food....oh the food is melt-in-your mouth divine. Top notch service as well.How do I describe Vincent's.. "An Italian version of Jacques-Imo's food with a fancy flare" 
The food is good and all the rave. It will having you leave this bitch in a food coma for days...  You really cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. It's that good. 
Get the corn and crab bisque.. The lobster ravioli (how I wish they had this in an entree size!)... the "house special" (I tend to ask for the red sauce on the bottom and white drizzled on top) I found it isn't as rich and just the right amount. Dessert, get the white chocolate bread pudding. Mmmmm. 
The place gets busy and stays busy.. So please be prepared and allow yourself and company time. Call ahead if you are coming with a bigger party to reserve tables. This is also a great place for a romantic dinner.I've been coming to Vincent's since 2003, it is one of my top 5 restaurants in this city and after at least 40 visits/to go food orders I have never once had a bad experience. I've taken every friend and family member who has come to visit here and it is also now one of my family's favorite restaurants to dine at when they come in town. We've had college graduation celebrations here, birthday celebrations, new job celebrations and in college this was our Sunday, girl's night out spot. The atmosphere is cozy, warm and friendly. The food is impeccable. I consider myself a meatball connoisseur and can honestly state that Vincent's has the best meatballs I've ever tasted. I love their Italian chicken soup, it's seasoned to perfection. You can't beat the prices and you always come home with leftovers because a meal typically comes with a soup and salad. One of the things I love most about this restaurant is that it reminds me a lot of dining in Europe. When you are seated, the table is yours for the night. If you want to have a 2 hour meal, no one is ever going to rush you. So if you are looking for a place to quickly get a table and get in and out, this is not the restaurant for you. Even with a reservation you can usually expect a bit of a wait, but it's worth it. Their bar and bartenders are extremely charming. The wait staff and manager always have the best attitudes and they make you feel like family.  Vincent's, thank you for so many wonderful meals and memories. I can't wait to eat my leftovers tonight.
Sincerely,
Your Biggest FanReally Great Italian food. I was hoping for a better pasta selection and being not a big seafood fan, i felt like there menu was a little weak there. However if you are a big seafood fan you would be very pleased. 
I went for the Parmesan Encrusted Chicken which was very lightly fried and came with creamed spinach and this small side of homemade pasta with a cheese sauce which was very tasty. We also had Tiramisu for dessert and that was damn good. 
Only reason I didn't give it a 5 was cause I have better Italian on Arthur Ave in NY but that's some stiff competition. For Italian in New Orleans, definitely a 5 Star.The only place to go for authentic and consistent Italian in the city! Ambience is perfect "old school" Italian.The customer service here is superb!!!! The best hands down. Greeted right away even with it being swamped with people. We had reservations so we sat down right away. 
Started off with the bruschetta which honestly melts in your mouth at first bite. My husband had the corn and crabmeat bisque and he said it was delicious. I had the salad with the blue cheese vinagairette which is to die for!!! Omg I wanted to take a cup of that with me.
OMG the eggplant parmigiana is the most delicious thing I've ever tasted! Honestly if they could freeze pack this for me so I can take it to california Id be in heaven!!! My husband loved his veal tbone. 
This restaurant is a must and we are definitely coming back.Absolutely delicious!  I had the seafood medallions which is paneed eggplant medallions layered with lump crab meat, jumbo shrimp and crawfish tails in a cream sauce. Being the picky eater that I am, I tend to only enjoy parts of a meal at a new restaurant, not knowing what to have them hold etc.  However, I thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of this dish!  The restaurant is TINY, you are bumping elbows with the table next to you, and doing a crab walk trying to get through, but it honestly lends to the uniqueness of the place.  I loved the experience!The food tastes great! We tried pork, roasted duck breat, chop lamb， everything is great!This restaurant makes the list of one of the most memorable meals I've ever had. When I'm 80 I will probably bore my (maybe grandniece or grandnephew?) with the description of the seafood medallions! 
We arrived late for our reservation but fortunately were still able to be seated, albeit right next to the door and host station (more on that later). As if the bread sticks and garlic butter weren't enough, they also brought warm fresh bread. We ordered the Rose of Sicily for an appetizer, two lightly fried artichokes artfully cut to look like roses. 
While we were waiting for our entrees, we observed the front of the house man (who I now gather is co-owner Tony) deftly and expertly managing the continual pour in of people, both with reservations and without, both with full parties present and without, both tourists and locals, celebrating special occasions and not. I commented how he was able to say no to people with out actually saying no-- keeping people happy and pretty much away from the table where normally they would be "hovering". 
We then noticed a framed article at our table entitled "when the worst seat in the house is the best". It was a review of the restaurant and like us, the diners had arrived late, expecting to be jostled and hassled at their oddly located table, but instead were entertained by the super skilled front of the house! Given how busy it was we could also actually hear one another speak.
Our meals arrived and I was in heaven. The seafood medallions were everything I expected they would be and exactly the flavor I anticipated and craved. Large round paneed eggplant medallions smothered in a crawfish creole sauce with jumbo lump crab and shrimp... to die for. My husband had the lasagna and while his eyes didn't roll into his brain like mine did with each bite he enjoyed it. At one point I ordered an iced tea and it took a little longer than it should have (my husband's beer arrived first) but the server completely acknowledged it and it wasn't a problem at all, I was impressed that he got it.
Having eaten a monster breakfast that day we did not have room for dessert, but we will be back for sure. I want to try the seafood stuffed pork chop and would love to try the tasting menu but you have to have 5 in your party. I told a colleague to do that I would have to solicit people on the street and might get arrested. After seeing the menu he said it might be worth the risk! Any takers? 
Definitely go here and enjoy!Wife and I had one of our first dates here. Twenty years later it still excels. Bread bowl of corn and crab bisque is to die for. Wife always loves the seafood stuffed pork chop. The room is quite bland, yet somehow romantic with it's dim light and close confines.Amazing. Get the shrimp tagliatelle in herby marinara and the bisque in the bread bowl. YUMB!New York style dining in the Big Easy!
 Vincent's is a must if your looking for a great Italian meal in uptown. The service is good, though I almost feel like the waitress checked back to often. The restaurant is small so you may want to make a reservation on weekends. The pretzel style twist bread was excellent; a good starter followed by the house salad I went with the blu cheese vinaigrette and I'm glad I did 5 star dressing. Calamari was average, served with red sauce. For the entree I went with the stuffed chicken breast. The chicken was cooked perfectly though the breading may have been on the slightly well done side. The mushroom Marsala sauce was mouth watering, very good. My girl friend went with the shrimp fettuccine which I also had a taste of. We both agreed it was excellent and needed nothing more. We will be back!Went to Vincent's on a Saturday with no reservation and was able to get a table right away. Wonderful staff and amazing food. It's pricey but definitely worth the money! The chicken soup, bleu cheese vinaigrette salad and the Cannelloni house special were amazing. I definitely recommend this restaurant!!A classy italian restaurant with rich food. great palce to take a date for a romantic dinner. My favorite Italian food in NOLA.We made a reservation to dress up and eat at Vincent's Restaurant.  We were disappointed when we walked in the front door and almost tripped on other diners seated at tables close to the door.  We were seated at a table in the back room.  Two tables featured young children with and without young mothers (no fathers).  the 6-12 year old children were up and down and in short constantly moving.  It was difficult to feel that our night was special.  It felt more like eating at McDonald's.  It was ashame because the food was good, but, the children running around dampened our evening out.We really like the Vincent's on St. Charles (the one in Metairie is not as good, in our opinion).
Great food (try the veal), drinks, and service!
Nice cozy, romantic atmosphere.
I recommend reservations as it is very popular and it is a small restaurant.
I've been there 3-4 times and have always had an excellent dining experience.
Highly recommend you give them a try.Good food, better wine list, great service. 
Street parking around the block is plentiful. 
Very homey atmosphere. 
Brought out free birthday dessert for my fiancé. Cannoli was great.While the food was all good, the wait staff was a mess. 
My fiance' and I got to the restaurant half an hour early to sit at the bar fore a drink before our reservation. The host was nowhere to be found, he made it sound like we were the dunces for not telling him our name before we sat at the bar. Then, the bar tender (the female) would hardly look our way to take our drink order, too busy putting away dishes. At dinner, we were given butter but no bread. When we inquired, we were told by one waiter that the restaurant that they don't serve bread with dinner, and then served bread by another waiter who was right behind the first one. Finally, we ordered a bottle of the King Estate reserve wine, and the waiter tried to pass off a different (less expensive) bottle as the King Estate reserve. Then we had to wait forever while they wait staff figured out the wine selection, and we chose a different wine. 
Overall, good food, but a very frustrating experience. We will not return.OVERPRICED. REHEATED LEFTOVERS. They take reservations, but they just ignore your reservation time. This has happened 3x's - one time too many. Had us wait more than one hour after our reserv time. Won't go back. NOBODY is THAT CHARMING, VINCENT!The most amazing Italian restaurant I've been to. Although it is quite tiny on the inside,  the atmosphere is very home-like and welcoming, service is wonderful and the food is extravagant!So many things I love about vincent's. I have truly never been disappointed. I love their chicken parmigiana, and I appreciate that it comes with a salad and a side of pasta. Their service has always been great and the wait has never been unbearably long, especially when you take a seat at the bar.
On multiple occasions I have had servers go the extra mile to make sure we enjoyed our meal. I once had a very picky friend ask for spicy meatballs that are not on their menu, and when they came out my friend was ecstatic that it was the perfect amount of spice. I once had a server offer me and a friend lemoncello on the house that was a delicious end to the meal.
The food is great. I never leave without being satisfied. The stuffed pork chop is the size of a small child. The crap bisque in a bread bowl is great. The mozzarella in the caprese salad is so flavorful, which is not typically the case with fresh mozzarella. Overall just delicious, friendly, local italian food.As authentic of an Italian meal as I've had since Mario's in Nashville 30 years ago! Quaint little spot. I always like to sit in the "back room" at Italian joints because I feel like there is a "history" in there. The back room at Vincent's was perfect. Not to mention the creole accents sound almost Italian! Lol. This place is 80 plus years old. The grandson of the original owners was our waiter. Nicest guy ever! We were late for our reservation due to traffic and a dipshit cab driver, but they didn't care. Made us feel like family! And the food was incredible!!!!! The veal and spinach cannolini was on point! Great wine selection too, I think!?! We were a few drinks in when we got there. 
Highly recommended by me, @TheChefRedneck! 
I only write reviews if they deserve 5 stars. And I don't write many!Fabulous Italian American cuisine. Sinatra and tony Bennett music over head. Mr. Robert our waitress was wonderful. Oysters Rockefeller delicious. Sicilian anti pasta plate fantastic. Chicken and vegetable soup very yummy. Homemade bread served with fresh garlic butter. Homemade vinaigrette dressing was great on the crisp fresh salad. We ordered several different entrees from the pasta section - delicious. The Tartufo dessert served with espresso laced with Tia Maria was excellent. Tiramisu was fantastic. Whoever makes their desserts in the kitchen takes care in the presentation,. We came on a Tuesday night and were able to get a table for six. This restaurant is worth a visit if you're in town.  Call ahead to book a reservation on Friday and Saturday nights. We thoroughly enjoyed eating here. We're from out of town and hope to come back to this restaurant.REAL Italian, REAL people, and FRESH ingredients!  We've been going to Vincent's since we moved here back in 2000.  They food is 'real' Italian with a New Orleans twist.  Their marinara sauce (or as people like to call it in New Orleans, red gravy) just cannot be beat!!!! My favorite dishes include the salmon with fantastic garlic spinach and lump crab mean, the chicken parmesan, and their crab cakes.  We love snacking on their bread sticks before the meal (just don't eat too many as that garlic butter is addictive!!!).  The service is impeccable, and the owners Vincent and Tony are super people who see to it that your dinning experience is perfect.  MAKE RESERVATIONS as the place gets REALLY crowded at peak dinner times!I had heard about Vincent's for a while, and finally had the opportunity to try it out!
The restaurant we were planning to go to was closed on Tuesdays (so much for being spontaneous :P), so we decided to go to Vincent's. We didn't have a reservation, but were quickly seated at the bar while we waited for a table. It probably took less than 15 minutes for us to get our table. 
I love the atmosphere here; it is VERY small and cozy, and plays a great mix of music from Frank Sinatra to Andrea Bocelli. The atmosphere was nice, but the food was to DIE for.
I ordered the Canneloni, which is their house specialty, and I was not disappointed. I thought after eating the soup and salad, which came with my meal, that I would not be able to finish my meal. WRONG! I ate the whole thing, because it was SO cheesy and delicious. 
My husband ordered the shrimp tagliatelle, which was one of their specials of the night. He loved it as well. It was the perfect blend of garlic, plenty of shrimp and HOMEMADE pasta. 
I also appreciate their prices. We ordered two entrées and drinks for less than $70 (which is RARE in this city). 
We decided Vincent's may be our new date spot, and we can't wait to go back! I'm also already planning bringing my Italian-loving father when he visits!Mmmmm good! Another delicious meal at Vincent's. I love how they greet you and make you feel like family from start to finish. Let me just say the food is so good we crave it year round and order the same dishes almost every time. The veal & spinach cannelloni with both red and white sauce is stellar and they do the best eggplant parm I'm ever had- so tender it almost melts in thy mouth. Every entree includes a house salad and soup which we always go for the corn & crab bisque in a bread bowl- just phenomenal! 
Nice wine selection, great service, dim lights and classic Italian tunes. Thank you Seth and company for another great meal at this quintessential restaurant.While we didn't actually fo here to eat, this was one of several Italian places I searched the menu online for Linguine with red clam sauce. In a town and location known for oyster, shrimp and clams, I was disappointed in not seeing a red clam sauce on the menu.My boyfriend and I went here for our Christmas dinner and absolutely loved Vincent's. Both of our pasta dishes were amazing. The sauce on his Fettuccine Alfredo was so thick and rich and wonderfully creamy. My Angel Hair Bordelaise was simple and perfectly executed. Not to mention, all plates come with a salad and soup. While there is not a vegetarian soup option, which I found to be a bit disappointing, the salad was nice and my boyfriend enjoyed the soup so much he wanted a second cup! Great decor, great staff, definitely a little pricey but entirely worth it! I can see why NOLA has rated it one of the top Italian restaurants in the city!I just looovveee restaurants like this ! Very old school Italian /cramped / lots of ambiance ..-food is very good and service is excellent . We made reservations but had to wait a few mins ( owner was awesome and very friendly). Sat outside to wAit and watched the streetcar go by while listening to Sinatra. I had the seafood medallion - delicious / my daughter had the corn crab bisque which I loved but it is super rich ! Chocolate mousse cake for dessert .. Then we rolled ourselves back to the hotel .. HappyGreat food. Great service. Atmosphere is awesome. Favorite place in the city for Italian.