Over priced medicore bar food. 
They have a new menu. The menu on their website contained some better options. The new slimmed down menu has fewer and much less appealling offerings. It is now just over priceded bar food. Nothing special here. Burgers, wings, salads and mediocre sushi. Blah.Loved the environment here. Chilled on a comfy sofa in the lounge area watching the Saints game. Seat yourself and the bar food options are pretty good. We had the buffalo wings, artichoke dip with pita, and the free with Yelp checkin homemade chips. Everything was hot and tasty. The wings are overpowered with sauce and is a good balance of hot, tangy, and crispy. The pickled veggies were tasty and crunchy. Loved the homemade chips. Not too overpowering. Our waitress Nicki was awesome. Made sure we got what we needed.After trying the pizza here on Halloween night when we arrived I did not think I would give it a second try. Pizza that night was bad. Card board crust and No flavor. Short staffed and our poor waitress was completely overwhelmed. 
On my last night being tired and not wanting to go all over NOLA trying to find the perfect meal we decided to give it another try. So I went with the simple cheddar burger and sweet potato fries. My boss went with the oyster po boy. Let just say this was one of the best meals I had all week. My boss raved about her oyster po boy (huge portion).  My burger was juicy and very nicely seasoned. Sweet potato fries were excellent. The sushi looked fresh and beautifully made. Would have tried but could not eat another bite. Just goes to show that most places can have an off night. Glad I gave this place a second chance.Vitascope Hall is located inside the Hyatt Regency on the 3rd floor. Comfortable seating and a great bar area lured us in on our way to our room. We were very surprised with how great their food was, we didn't try the sushi but their breakfast choices were great and the sweet potato waffle fries were excellent. Let's go back to their bar area. They make killer bloody mary's and even put them into a to-go cup! So on rough mornings, I'd shuffle down to Vitascope Hall and bring a couple of bloody marys back to the room. We didn't even try any of the other bars or restaurants in the hotel.Ok wow. What a let down. 
1. The only reason it gets two stars is because the sushi roll called the superdome  was good. 
2. Service took forever. 2.5 hours from sit down to paying bill and we were in a hurry. 55 min for a drink. 
3. Fried Chicken was over cooked to the point that we could not cut it. 
Knowing what I know now I would only sit at the bar and order a drink and sushi and watch some TV. I would have be very happy when I walked out. So next time that's what I'm going to do.Found out this place had sushi so I decided to stop by in-between sessions for lunch. Got the chicken gyoza's and the tempura shrimp roll. Affordable and very yummy meal for $15!So slow... Waited at the bar to be seated. 30 minutes later we sat down. We waited another 15 minutes to actually stop another waiter to ask for a waiter. She helped us an directed us to another person which we basically had to stop to take our order. The service is unbelievable for what I'm paying. I haven't even gotten the food an I'm so unhappy... So somewhere else!!!The papperdelle butternut squash pasta was amazing. The gulf shrimp had grits fritters That I didn't like muchI was pleasantly surprised by this place.  It would have been my last of the three restaurant choices in the Hyatt where I was staying for a work conference, but John Besh's restaurant didn't interest my coworker at all and the other bar/restaurant was closed, but it worked out for the best because I think this was probably the most satisfying choice.
I was not at all expecting sushi, but I got the Cherry Blossom roll and it was fantastic!  Service was good, not great, but not bad.  Had kind of a swanky atmosphere that put us off at first, but I'm glad we ended up here.  Would have given 5 stars, but there was nothing truly spectacular or special about this place, but it is perfectly satisfying.Chicken sandwich had no taste; spinach artichoke dip was not much better.  Sushi was pretty good though.  Took forever to get our check.   Overall okay for a hotel bar/restaurant but there much better options close by.It's all about the sushi here!! You have to, have to, get the baked salmon. It is one of the best things I've ever tasted.Really nice place to go , service are super nice. Decor inside are really modern and cool.  I have been there twice in 2days , I really like the food there. 
Price are reasonable , compare to the other expensive one I went . And this place is so much easier to find...
Highly recommended.This is about my 4th visit here while staying in the hotel. I always say I'm going out to somewhere else, because of all of the good restaurants nearby. But after working out, I usually just want to shower, and walk downstairs for dinner...so I end up here.
After having eaten the typical bar food all of the other times, I tried the sushi tonight. I was better than I expected, especially the spider roll. Now, we're not talking high end sushi restaurant quality, but substantial better than pre-made grocery store quality. And the Edamame serving was quite large.
Most of the food on the menu is way overpriced, per the usual hotel menus. However, the sushi was really reasonable. Around $8-$10/roll, depending on the complexity.
While I'm sure I'll keep telling myself I'm getting out is the hotel for dinner when I'm here, I'd definitely settle for sushi here as a backup.Do not eat here. Overpriced and the food is disgusting. $4 for a glass of iced tea. Chicken wings were nasty,  no flavor.  I think they were boiled.The service is diabolical which isn't really surprising as it's located in the Hyatt. I've spent 30 days staying at the Hyatt on business (not my location of choice but rather it's been chosen for me). The poor selection of food is average. If you're into burgers and fries it's probably OK but I burnt out on this place the second night I stayed. 
The first night I was there I asked for an IPA, the bar girl looked confused. I don't consider it a sin to not know what an IPA is but I kind of expect someone behind a bar to know what it is. Anyway, after I described the beer I was after, "a pale, hoppy beer", she told me she knew exactly the thing.. I got a half a pint of blonde wheat beer and half a pint of head. After giving up on the beer I ordered a Glenlivet. $16. I could walk down to Rouses and buy a bottle for $30.Sushi is surprisingly good and reasonable price for how large the rolls are.
The non sushi menu is overpriced bar good, so we stuck with the udon noodles & sushi. This was comparable to Some of the better quality sushi places we've been to in the northeast. We were surprised to say the least.Man this space is cool. The location is not really all that idea for bar hopping (and not really ample parking spaces around the hotel other than valet or pay lot - which is why I'm knocking off a point) or checking out other venues but its a perfect spot for some cocktails, light bites and live Jazz music on the weekends. 
We hosted a birthday party here and the manager graciously helped us arrange the private room. We def. had a wonderful time with our group of friends. The drink menu and mixologists on staff were very quick, talented and helpful. The food was also pleasantly surprising. It was fresh, tasty and the sushi was quite good as well. 
They have live jazz music on the weekends and the singer is really talented. I dont know why people dont check out this space more often but I def recommend heading here for some drinks and fun. They also have a cool app that means you can control whats playinig on their jukebox so you can basically take over and DJ the party! :)
I can imagine that during Saints Games this place gets a little rowdy.Awful lazy service.
They had a sign to seat yourself so I sat down at the bar.  I watched the only bartender face down on his pos system for 10 minutes ignoring every customer. So, I switched to the sushi bar. The sushi chef nodded at me and proceeded to clean his station for about 10 minutes. He finally asked me if I needed some help. I got up and walked out. Don't waste your time here.
My group ate here the night before this happened. The service was super slow. The food itself is average. Sadly there isn't many options close by.How do you make bark out of a steak, or cardboard out of bread pudding?   This place will show you how.  The sashimi was the only thing worth eating.We went to Vitascope for lunch during work hours. Given the hour or so we had, the hour and forty minute time was unacceptable.  It took a while for our presence to be acknowledged in a fairly empty restaurant. The burgers were ok. The restaurant is overpriced.  $6 for the cheap beer. The same prices could afford you Borgne just down the stairs. We waited 20 minutes to get the check,  10 minutes for her to pick it up, and 15 to get it back. Really? Just go somewhere else. The food was ok but the poorly managed restaurant isn't worth dealing with. Pass.Ordered the Edamames, The Saint Sushi Roll and the veggie tempura(lil greasy).. My sister ordered the shrimp and and grits. Everything was excellent. Unfortunately the greasy tempura didn't agree with her...I really expected a much better eatery here in my hotel. The atmosphere is awesome, very trendy and very modern in it's dining area.
However, the food is mediocre at best and extremely slow service - unacceptable at those inflated prices on the menu.
If I return, I'm just going to sit at the bar, enjoy the view and a cold beverage - that's all.We flew in from Colorado and ready to settle in to the hotel since we'd been up since 04:30, not in the mood to go very far for an early afternoon dinner. I don't always play into the reviews. I give a place a chance, then render a verdict afterwards. So here we are, based on the previous thoughts; I was ready to concur with poor service and substandard food. 
We walked up to the "seat yourself" sign and found a couch/bench out of the open area. The waitress Sarah found us immediately and offered us drinks. I ordered an IPA, the "Chafunkta Voo Ka Ra" which was a local brew. It hit the spot. For the meal, I went with the "Pepperjack, Bacon Burger" (pic attached) and side of sweet potato waffle fries. It was a great deal larger than I anticipated but I wad hungry. The sourdough bun was fresh and the meat tasty with just enough jalapeño kick. 
So there you have it. Based on my personal experience, I recommend this eatery as a great place to dine, kick back and relax. Sarah was attentive and we left satisfied. Don't always take negative reviews for gospel. We will go back if our time allows. Thanks!The food is awful. I mean really, really low quality crap that tastes like it came out of a frozen tv meal tray. Was staying in the hotel and came here after arriving late night. This is literally the worst food I have ever been served from a commercial establishment. They must just not try because they have captive, one-time customers from the hotel. Take an Uber to a late night diner. Under no circumstance would anyone ever eat here if they actually knew how bad the food is.I'll keep this short. Food was pretty good; I had the burger with chips on it that was very very good. Service was meh, I was trying to drink during an nfl game and had to constantly flag down my waitress. Decent place, foods food but the service is lacking.In town on a business trip and was craving sushi, so I stopped in here. Everything was fantastic and fresh. I had the cajun popcorn appetizer and a mango vodka lemonade as well, both I would recommend. Unsure why this place has only 3 stars, maybe people don't think to rate hotel restaurants, but if you like sushi and are in the warehouse district definitely give it a try.This restaurant is located inside of a beautiful Hyatt property. Once I stepped inside of this restaurant I wasn't impressed...I couldn't find a clean table. I get it the restaurant was busy. I moved outside to the area with live music only to find out food wasn't being served. I moved back inside to a seat at the bar. Sergio was our bartender he is a true gem to the hotel. The bar was busy but took the time to answer questions and not rush us. He recommend the catch of the day and the jalapeno burger. The food took a while well 45 minutes which was extremely long. Once the food arrived the burger was amazing but the fish was not good and that's giving it credit. The rice was cold and was sent back. The fish had no taste. The portion was VERY small. The manager Teresa came over and was extremely helpful she's a true asset to the Hyatt. She listen to our issues and handled it really professionally. We left the property to get the car from valet and encountered another issue that is when I met another manager Ajyey (so?) she walked me to the valet and took care of the issues. Even thought there were some issues with the food I will say the staff at this restaurant was AMAZING!Staying at the hyatt regency. My boss and I stopped by with one other coworker to grab some food. Let me just say the service is extremely slow. I ordered a grilled chicken salad, he ordered seared tuna on seaweed, a spicy roll, and my coworker a steak wrap with homemade chips. So we are all waiting for our food and my stomach is growling. It finally came and the presentation of my salad was bland. The seared tuna salad and roll was beautifully displayed in a pretty bowl and platter. He enjoyed the food as well, but said it was a bit spicy after he had informed the waiter not to make it hot. The steak wrap was ok. He stated the homemade chips were extremely salty. So overall it was nothing specialSo, we're in New Orleans, one of the Meccas of food, and we can't go out because it's pouring rain, so we end up here, inside of our own hotel.  I don't usually go for in-hotel restaurants because they usually cater to the hotel "I just need something to eat and I don't want to go out" crowd, and this was no exception... 
As a bar, it's kind of interesting with a wide selection of craft beers and some unusual seating arrangements with your own private TV's (although I didn't find where you could change the channel) or pub chairs at the bar or around some elevated tables.
As a restaurant, don't expect to be served your food quickly.  Service was great, two waitresses that were ever mindful of things like drinks and water, but the food just seemed to take forever... and the appetizer came with the meal, so there was no expediting getting some food at all. (We stopped in for a snack the night before when we arrived, and that took forever so I was just hoping to get something to eat within 30 minutes, yeah, no go on that.)
Anyway, for dinner I ordered the beet salad with shrimp, and hubby ordered the special that night which was swordfish.  My "dinner" beet salad was like a side salad with three big leaves of kale and three ping-pong ball-sized beets;  along with a scattering of shredded cheese and some kind of hummus-like dressing.  At least the 6 shrimps I got were nicely grilled and flavorful.  Hubby's swordfish, which I tasted, had no seasoning at all, and just barely had some flavor due to the sauce they served with the pasta noodles.
I'm glad I ordered the fried grits balls and shrimp starter as that ended up being like my main meal.  Both were pretty tasty, and the sauce on the shrimp was useful to dip both the grits balls and the bland swordfish into.
The night before, we snacked on a shrimp, asparagus and crab roll that the waitress recommended.  Ok for a roll, but nothing special.  The artichoke spinach dip was flavorful with the bread slices, but I didn't quite know what to do with the two over-fried, over-battered soft shell crablets that they served.  These were small, i-phone sized little babies that pretty much just tasted like fried batter and shells with no visible meat to them at all.  
So let's review.  Probably won't be back unless it's to have a drink and someone else has already ordered chips or something... I wouldn't want to starve again waiting for the food to come out...Here for the AAID conference with thousands of attendees. Unfortunately I don't think any of the restaurants at the convention center planned for anyone to actually show up. Though the place is beautiful, the staff are clueless----and there aren't enough of them.  I ate here four times on this trip, and each time one or two servers were running around trying to take care of a packed restaurant and bar. I had to wait super long for the food, they consistently forgot things I ordered, and took forever for the check. The seafood pasta was delicious. The sushi was sub par. I'm giving this place two stars because I'm hoping the management reads this review and puts some effort into correcting these problems. Definitely visit this restaurant if you're here for a meeting, maybe they'll have it all sorted out by then.Excellent restaurant. Food, ambience, service all top notch. Great burger but also really great sushi and other Asian selections. Good value on the wines.I really like this place! Not only do they serve sandwiches and things like that, but they have a full sushi bar, too.
When you are in this restaurant you really feel like you are in another world. I guess part of that is because it's in a hotel. This place is super "trendy" with fancy big screens and a "modern" kind of layout.
For my meal I decided that I wanted a Philly roll for my appetizer and a pressed burger for my meal. Weird, huh? Well, unfortunately the roll and the burger ended up coming out together, so I basically had a hamburger with sushi on the side. No biggie. The burger was okay, but not overly great. The sushi roll was super fresh and tasty.
If I go back, I'm sticking with the sushi.I stay at the Hyatt Regency New Orleans all the time. I even have mid tier status with Hyatt. The "manager" greeted us after 10 mins of waiting at the front. We even walked around the restaurant to see where the best place to sit my party of 6-12 people. We were fine with sitting at a table that would adequately fit 6 of us but was presented with a table made for 4... with 2 comically  stools that appeared made for children. We put the stools back and grabbed real chairs as the width from the chair to aisle made 0 difference. The "manager" comes back and says we can't do that and have to go back to stools. I explain that the difference is negligible and I was confused how the manager was not accommodating our situation at all. We even see 2 areas that could have fit us perfectly. 1 of which was dirty when we walked in. And still was dirty 20 mins after our debacle. She said that section had no server. When I asked why our server that we would have had couldn't walk 30 feet over... she said that it would be stretching our servers too thin. She also said the other tables were reserved. She said all of this will very low confidence. She moved us to another 4-top. Again... we have 6. She said we can add 2 chairs on the end of the new table. I made a joke and said "yes, we can add 2 tiny stools at the end" I was surprised she did not like the joke. I would have left this place if my friends didn't insist on staying. I will probably start staying at Hyatt Centric on French quarter in the future.Stayed at the Hyatt for a conference and this place is very convenient and cozy. I visited for 3 lunches and one dinner. The food varies from good to great, same as the service. Overall a good experience! 
I enjoyed the gumbo, fresh oysters, chargrilled oysters, fried chicken and BBQ chicken.Tasty pizza if you're looking for a roomy spot with a decent selection of beer on tap.  Plenty of flat screens and sports going make Vitascope good enough.How much does this place suck? Let me count the ways. 
1. Bland food that was either overcooked or undercooked, never quite right.  Burger buns that crumble when you pick them up the first time because they are way overtoasted. "Medium" burgers that come out well done. Limp, greasy fries. 
2. Rude and incompetent waitstaff.  I don't know how they found such rude people in one of the friendliest cities in America, but they did.  Wait times were long. It was hard to get the attention of the waiter. And when change came back, no singles were included, which is pretty much Waiter 101 if you would like to be tipped.
3. Poor communication among the staff. One time I was told there were no tables for another 10 minutes, but I could sit at the bar. I sat at the bar and one of the bartenders told me I should go sit at a table and waved in the direction of some apparently empty tables. Huh? I decided to stay at the bar since I had no idea if they were being serviced by any waiter since the maitre d' considered all available tables to be occupied. The bar staff seemed extremely put out that I ordered a burger with my drink. 
4. Freezing. I mean, absolutely drafty and freezing. The whole hotel is a bit on the drafty side, but this seemed to be one of the more Arctic spots in the Hyatt.I had a one night stay at the Hyatt Regency and decided to just eat in the hotel.  Vitascope was perfect for what I wanted.  Unlike some other reviews I did not find the music loud at all - in fact I barely noticed any music.  I was there at 6pm so maybe that was why.
The local beer selection was decent size, and the jefferson stout I got was really good.  To eat I went with the seafood gumbo and loved it, hot & spicy but not overwhelmingly so.  Enough that every 5 or 6 bites a sip of beer was called for.  
The service was fine, very friendly and nice, but I can see why other people found service lacking.  They seem to have a 'no set waiter assigned to your table' policy, which in all but 1 restaurant I've been to with such a policy doesn't work well.  But, as I was in no rush I did not mind the delay in being able to ask for the check.  And really, it was maybe a 10 minute wait.  The service reminded me more of a European style - you get your order and food and then they leave you alone to linger over your food and enjoy.  Nothing wrong with that, just hard to adjust to if you're used to face-paced more Northeastern style of service.
Should I find myself at the Hyatt again, or even nearby I will probably come back.The food was OK! staff not very nice.
I got the deal for the free chips so that was a plus from Yelp of course.
not impressed by the chairs and the seating space...Someone explain to me how does a sports bar in downtown New Orleans and is attached to the Superdome run out of a locally brewed beer?  How does that happen?  DJ app it touts to request your own music is a joke.  Food was also way overpriced!Decent food on short notice. Service was very slow and servers were not aligned with the bar. Drink quality was also quite poor. Wouldn't go here again.Decent, if overpriced, place for lunch.  The drumfish sandwich was pretty good.  The chicken caesar was standard.  The sushi rolls were ok.  The miso soup was below average.  Friendly staff.  The only weird thing was that my soup came out at the same time as the mains for my companions came out.We were too tired from sightseeing to go back out.  We decided to give Vitascope a try.  We started with the chips you get free for checking in.  The barbecue was the best.  We ordered drinks.  The margarita was "okay" and the Pama Punch was very good.  We split a pepperoni pizza.  Good; not great.  We opted to share a dessert.  We ordered the White Chocolate Hazelnut Bread Pudding.  That was pretty good!  We polished it off despite being full!
All on all....a good place to eat when  you are too tired to go far!They are located on the second floor of the Hyatt Regency. Valet only parking,first 2 hours are free with validated ticket. 
 Download a Vitascope Hall app on your smart phone  and you can control the juke box. (when a big sports game isnt on)  Very cool!
The design of the bar is really nice. Many options for seating such as sofas, tables, private areas, etc. all with access to a television
High priced bar food and over priced drinks--its a prime tourist location so I expected it. For example, $16 shot of Patron tequila and $8 draft beers
Customer service lacked big time. I receive better service at the corner gas station.I visited Vitascope Hall five times while in New Orleans over a week. My experiences varied as certain days the service was slow although the restaurant was empty but the food was always wonderful and the servers attentive and great! The Creamy Cavatappi blew my mind. It was creamy flavorful and a huge dish, I took my left overs and ate them before the plane ride home. The alligator sausage and the crawfish were excellent on the pasta. My second favorite dish was the New York Steak. The potatoes were delicious and the meat was cooked perfectly and so tender, it cut like butter. My next was the Nola Fish and Chips. I subbed wedges for fries and it was crazy good. I also had the Catch of the Day, I didn't get the fishes name (not salmon) it was flavorful and I didn't go into a food coma full of regret although I will always prefer the comfort foods. I also had the Quattro Formaggi pizza. It was good but not what I expected from what is described. My reason for the 4 star is because of the plastic type plates. When cutting my steak the plate kept spinning. Especially being we were in the small booth that allowed us to people watch. For steak, you need real plates that will not move a centimeter I believe. Other than that, my experience was amazing and I miss the pasta and the elegance of the restaurant with the beautiful bar. Thanks for the experiences!The papperdelle butternut squash pasta was amazing. The gulf shrimp had grits fritters That I didn't like muchSo from the time we walked in until the time we finally got our drinks was 32 minutes. That's counting the 3 minutes the manager spent flirting with the hostess until we were finally acknowledged and another 5 minutes until we were finally sat. The drinks were spectacular and probably worth the wait. The food was pretty good too. The miso soup was one of the best I've had and the seafood plate was delicious except the one bad crab leg, which they replaced. I would have preferred the manager acknowledge it considering I had to spit it into my napkin and I probably would have gotten sick had I swallowed it. Personally I'm gonna blame the manager for this I felt like his lack of attention and overall ignorance set the tone for the lackluster staff and nearly ruined what would have been a great experience. I will give this place another chance because of the amazing food (oysters also some of the best) it's just a shame that this could have been an off the chart experience but bad management and a super slow staff almost killed it. It wasn't even busy. Food 4.5 stars service 1.5 for an average of 3...and that's being generous...The food and service was so wonderful ! I was surprised reading all the bad reviews . My husband and I stayed at the hotel for business for the week and we decided to eat here on our last night ! we received such great service ! Zlata was our waitress and she was on it ! She was so quick and had the best customer service . Very friendly and helpful . Everything we ordered was so tasty . My husband got the fish and chips and I ordered the chicken udon soup and we both ordered the "vitascope hall's 2nd signature draft beer". The beer was soooooo good ! If you are a beer drinker I recommend trying it ! Im happy to know there is a great restaurant at this hotel ! Thank you for your great service zlata and great food ...Bacon cheeseburger was awesome! My friend had the turkey club she said is was delicious too. Bartender had the whole bar so he was very busy. No complaints.Went there just before the Saints-Ravens preseason game.  The place was packed. Server came to our table immediately to take our order.  We both ordered the burger.  This was one of the best burgers around.  The brioche bun was fresh.  Fresh  juicy meat perfectly cooked.  Crisp lettuce and  two plump slices of tomato.  The fries were awesome, hand cut fresh potatoes nicely seasoned with salt, pepper and parsley.  They came in a separate tin cup lined with brown paper.  The burger came with a side of pickled veggies & pickle. The presentation was very clean. The prices were reasonable.  Would recommend this restaurant.Absolutely amazing. Great service outstanding food! Inside of a beautiful hotel. You can smell the greatness as you walk by and it draws you in immediately. This was my 3rd time eating here and I highly recommend it to anyone.Me and a couple of my friends checked out this space after Tales of the Toddy tonight.  i love how you can get a hopper of beer or a bowl of punch all in one place! i was in awe of the liquor bottle lined glass walls! The food looked really good everything from the hamburgers, sushi and raw seafood bar. They are open til 1 am so it makes for a great late night spot. This will be a spot i will visit often when i am near the Superdome!It is my first time in NOLA and I am looking for authentic    Food.. Ordered the shrimp po boy and TiTo lemonade. The shrimp was cooked perfectly, the Cajun aoili was tasty but it was average. The bread was ok, too much in my opinion. Po boy checked off the bucket list. The lemonade adult version was great. It was well balanced with the sweet and tartness but it was too small for $12 it was about 6 oz. The service was great, I sat at the bar, very attentive, and seemed to be there at the right time. The decor is gorgeous. They have the main bar and a sushi bar. Great for dining alone or large groups. A group of three was sitting next to me and ordered of the sushi menu; shrimp tempura, pork dumplings and a salad. They cleaned their plates. Maybe I should have ordered from that menu instead.First... we had great service. This wonderful lady who just moved here from New Zealand waited on us with such the friendliest personality ever. She was patient with us and helped us make some good food decisions and even talked with us as she passed about her NOLA experience so far, which I found pretty cool. She was truly sweet and definitely encouraged us to use the vitascope hall app to change the music (which was the MAIN reason me and the nerd heard had to visit). We played dj all night; any and every song you can think of could be played through this mobile app. I was beyond excited and enjoyed creating the music environment that I personally wanted to hear throughout my dinner. 
The seating arrangement was great and fancy! We were able to get one of the private sections that made us feel swanky the whole way through and enjoy our meal in a contemporary environment which was truly a great experience.
The appetizer we tried was Crawfish & Pork Sausage in a Blanket. Normally I'm not a Pig in a Blanket type of girl, but this was truly delish! For my entree I went with their steak which was just right! Everyone in my party enjoyed their meal. Simple meal but with a great environment and I like that mix of environment.
This is a great place to hang out with friends and especially great for friends who are not really to explorative about their foods but still want a little swanky in their lives.
Next to Hyatt, across from the main post office is a great lot that is actually connected to the Hotel and reasonably priced and accepts debit cards.Slow, inattentive service combined with high prices... I couldn't ask for less. Thankfully it was close to the room and someone else was picking up the tab. If it were my money, I'd never go inside.Came here for their happy hour (3-6p, M-F) and the menu was pretty good. Good food (the crawfish sausage in a blanket are ridiculously delicious) and they had $3 draft beers... not bad for a hotel restaurant. My only gripe is the service is a tad slow. You seat yourself (not sure if this is all the time or just for HH) and it took a second for a waiter to take our orders, and even longer for our drinks to come out. Seems like there was too little staff.3.5 for this place. Modern style which I like. Busy and a little loud. Service is not bad.
Food: 
Shrimp ok-boy: very delicious. Shrimp is crunchy from the outside and tender form the inside. Nice flavors. I just wish they added extra sauce. 
Sweet potato waffle fries - is excellent and highly recommended
Aged white cheddar burger : is delicious. I loved the pretzel buns but I couldn't taste the cheese at all and that was a big disappointment 
Brie cheese burger : this the best dish I ordered in this restaurant. The burger is juicy and well seasoned. I like adding the chips on top, it gave the a nice crunch.
French fries: is saggy - not recommended at all
Crab finger - was ok. So greasy!!So we have tried this restaurant 2 days in a row because it's not many options in the hotel and the surrounding area when you are in a rush having to go back into a conference.  The service is the first thing that you notice, it's really a cluster to say the least. Everyone is running around unorganized and that neglects the customer service.  We had to bring to the attention of the manager of an older couple that was sitting for a while with no service and dirty plates sitting near them. 
The manager was great though, he hopped right on it and got them situated. The food leaves something to be yearned, I had the Po Boy and the oysters had no seasoning and my wife had the pasta which she said was bland and the shrimp should have been grilled. The following day I just played it safe with a burger and she had the wings, it was just something to eat. Presentation wise they are on point but food can be greatly improved. I suggest they go and steal some cooks from Deanie's in the French quarter and step up their service and food game.To call this a sushi restaurant is a bit of a stretch. Sushi was ok, but only ok. Not great, and certainly not on par with the price point. Service was poor at best, and of course came with the mandatory 18% tip. Keep walking on, unless you're hotel-bound on a rainy day and just have to have your sushi fix.Staying in the hotel and dragging after a day of travel, instead of venturing outside, I stayed in and sat at the bar at Vitascope. The reviews pointed me to the sushi, but I really wanted some pub grub after not eating more than an energy bar during the day.
I started with a Hendrick's martini, which was good and a standard size. I ordered the Chippery chips, which come in 3 flavors, 2 of which I identified as BBQ and sour cream/chive, but the 3rd of which had a very faint flavor. They were good, but I've had better homemade chips lots of places; and they frankly didn't taste like anything you couldn't get out of a bag.
But, I went on to order the Cajun Popcorn, which is a good-sized bowl of fried shrimp, fried crawfish tail meat and fries, served with a side of cajun aioli. Yum! Very good. I do recommend these.
I paired the "popcorn" with an Abita Amber, which was cold and yummy. Paired well with the somewhat spicy grub.
Overall, if you're there, check it out, at least for a drink and maybe a shared appetizer. Next time I eat there I'm definitely getting sushi, as some other bar patrons' orders looked delicious. Also, while their burgers appear a little on the expensive side, they did look good and I think come your choice of fries or chips.Getting worse by the visit.  I work in a building downtown attached to the Hyatt so this is a convenient place for lunch.  The first couple of visits were hectic when they first opened (I was sympathetic to that), then it turned into a consistantly good place for lunch.  Unfortunately that must have been the peak, because it's been getting worse and worse.  Two visits ago the fries came out so over cooked you could squeeze them and they just crumbled like a chip.  When we asked the waitress if she would have some recooked she argued that this was the way they have always cooked their fries.  She finally agreed to go get some other fries and 20 min later brought back some that were cooked like they normally came out and explained they had to try three times to get them like this and ended up bringing the fries to the kitchen at 8 block (restaurant next door) to get them cooked properly.  REALLY??????  Why would you ever admit your chef had that much trouble not burning fries??????  Bad enough- but my visit last week tops them all.  As I'm chewing my burger I thought I had some skin of an onion.  Another bite in and I knew it wasn't onion skin- it was a large piece of wax paper that was left on the burger.  While the manager comped the meal and I really appreciated that -I had kinda lost my appetite and don't know that I'm interested in going back any time soon.Very expensive, but good food in a pinch.  The coupon book we received at check-in helped with the prices (a deal for beer/wine, sushi rolls, among others).
Very laid back place, seat yourself and stay as long as you want.Why doesn't this place have a higher rating??
This is really good food and service for a hotel restaurant/bar. I liked the setup. Lots of TVs and little loungy private areas.  I had the house burger which was incredible. It was messy and came with fries, picked veggies, potato chips and chutney. Overall, just really good. The only funny thing was that is said it had 10% kobe beef in the  description.  Not sure what to think of that.
Our waitress was friendly and our food came out really fast as well. What did I miss?? For a sports bar, this place had everything I would hope for.My review is purely based on my bartender and her service. I was in town last week and my bartender (*wish i knew her name - long dark hair) was especially attentive, engaged, and hospitable. The food for being a hotel restaurant wasn't half bad either. I really appreciate a bartender who when you're on a business trip alone goes above and beyond to welcome you and engage with you vs making it awkward you're eating alone. Bravo bartender (again wish I knew your name)  - hope your bar manager sees this and let's you pick your shifts/schedule for a week for good feedback!I had checked in to my Hyatt hotel and wanted a snack to hold us over till dinner. We looked at the menu and thought chicken fingers would be a good choice so we went in and ordered them...when they came I couldn't believe how good they looked, you could see they were freshly prepared from scratch and homemade, the fries were fresh cut with sea salt and outstanding as well. I consider myself to be quite a fine food Connoisseur and I can safely say these were by far the best chicken fingers I've ever had in my 39 years! The fries were great, the BBQ sauce delicious, food too hot to eat (temperature wise that is) (which is one of my pet peeves I can't stand wasting calories on cold food-this was not the case here--piping hot), then later after coming back to the room I came back down and ordered the bananas foster cheesecake, also to die for, and the handmade potato chips, very good as well. As funny as it sounds to come to New Orleans for chicken fingers, I'll go to this place every time!!No wonder they need to give out coupons for Buy One, Get One Half Off Sushi Rolls...
Of their specialty menu, only ONE item doesn't have imitation crab in it, and yet, the prices of the specialty rolls range from $11-$16 I believe.
The rolls taste pretty standard.  I didn't get sick.  They weren't outstanding or gross.  It was very pricey for what it is, but you get the convenience of having it in a hotel.
Service was subpar for an Americanized modern sushi restaurant.  My disposable chopstick paper was open when I received it.  We didn't get the proper amount of utensils for the number of guests we had.  The appetizer came after the main course.  And the server took awhile to get our coupons processed.  Don't go if you are pressed for time between meetings or conferences.  It is definitely not worth it without the coupon.Vitascope must mean "slow, unattentive service". If so, this palpable fits that definition perfectly. Wait to be seated, still waiting. Ridiculous.The service was great the first time I was here (both times I sat directly at the bar)...the second time I came it wasn't as great but noteworthy is the fact that there was a game just getting out and the place was slammed the bar tender did a fantastic job keep up with orders. As did the kitchen. I ordered food to go and had a drink while i waited for my food. The pizza was amazing and edamame was great too!If douchebaggery is your game, look no further!  This place is way full of itself with assbag staff to boot.  
Their crap techno music kept fluctuating in volume while my kid and her peers were playing an unamplified string ensemble nearby yesterday evening.  When I kindly asked said assbag to maintain a volume if not lower it his response was "We've already adjusted the volume twice, and the music just has different volumes; there's nothing we can do."  Before he finished I began to walk away and said aloud and more to myself "I understand. Thank you."
F these guys -AWESOME experience! GREAT service. Had the pepper jack burger & the gulf shrimp. Both were great. Also had the sazerac & white wine sangria both were good. Service was speedy & on point!We had lunch here on Thanksgiving day and also ordered from here via room service earlier in the week. First off, so incredibly thankful they were even open on the holiday! Our family much appreciated the staff being away from their own families, so thank you!  For the food: The burger has amazing flavor, like I don't understand why it's so good! Had the burger twice this week! It was definitely more on the rare side and I don't remember them asking how I wanted it cooked (but I like mine that way, so it's all good). The Fish & Chips was a little disappointing. The chips amounted to two huge potato "spears" that would equal half a potato, which just resulted in weird texture. The veggie tempura was good. But the batter on both the tempura and the fish seems to be a little underdone on the inside. My avocado salad was pretty darn good, went very well with the grilled shrimp I added. Another night we had Shrimp Alfredo and some Veggie sushi which were all also pretty good! Overall, I'm not sure I would have chosen this place if it weren't in my hotel, but I'm glad we did! Definitely one of the better hotel dining experiences I've had! The only real negative is that they didn't have kids meals (even for room service) so the gigantic burger (and the chicken fingers a different night) was a little much, both in price and volume, for my 4 year old.My husband and I came to the Hyatt for dinner before going to a concert at the Superdome and we had such are great time. The sushi was wonderful, very fresh and unique recipes. Our waitress Gabby was adorable.  She was very professional and friendly and  made sure we knew all the different types of local beers and house made cocktails. We also had an scrumptious dessert of bread pudding and ice cream. It was a wonderful night and we'll definitely come back to see Gabby.Omg, if you ever come to New Orleans at The Hyatt don't order soup so salty.  Otherwise, everything else great.Came here on a Sunday night after a Saints game And we put our name in for a private little cubby area with a TV.  when our name was called we started walking over to the lounge area. immediately a waitress came over and asked me what I was doing and I told her our name was called but I wasn't sure what table we were to be seated at because my husband was closing out our tab at the bar, Then A manager came over and told us we had to put our name in and I explained to him that our name was called I was just unsure what table we were to be seated at, and again he went to get a third manager and made us feel like we were not welcome there. Then the manager and the waitress  assigned to a table looked over and they started talking about us, and never came over to apologize for the mixup. Totally unprofessional and unorganized wait staff. If you don't look like you have a lot of money to spend you will not be treated with the respect that you deserve. Do not waste your money on this place.  Our waitress was Chloe.Very overpriced. Mostly sandwiches and bar food - the burger is just OK, and the fries were soggy. Went back and tried the chicken sliders, which had good flavor, but were greasy despite the chicken being grilled. Good service saves them from getting only 2 stars.  On the plus side, the bar appears to have a nice selection of draft beers and there's small seating areas with tvs - probably a great place to catch a game (also probably an expensive place to catch a game).Stopped in here as we didn't feel like going out that night. The music was really good, and the food was ok. The servers were pretty decent as well.Pretty good for a hotel restaurant. I enjoyed the soba noodle soup yum!  Lots of tv screens for the sports lovers.  My waitress (sorry I missed her name) was great and attentive.  They have a live band playing right outside the restaurant on the weekend in the little cocktail/bar area.  That was very nice and lively.I did not enjoy the food here. My wings were dry and had no flavor and the shrimps were also flavorless. Unacceptable for NOLA cuisine.  Also this place is under staffed. The manager was,bussing tables. On a Saturday evening it took 15 minutes for my drink order to be delivered to my table. If you want good food and drink visit the great eateries around the Market  Street area. This place needs improvement!Stopped in for a quick late lunch. The sushi was great and it was happy hour as well soo the sushi was discounted. Great beer selection. Miso soup was as expected. My bartender was attentive and suggested some menu items. I will be back. Overall decent price and experience for a convention hotel.Eh the service can be off and I didn't even get to try the found seeing as how the bartender ignored my request for a menu a few minutes before the the kitchen closed but then put in his friends food order that walked in right after me. Also they close early on weekends. What kind of place closes early on weekends in New Orleans? Especially one in a full sold out hotel? I won't be back even though I usually stay at the Hyatt when I'm there. The rudeness of the bartender was just too off-putting for me.Great bartender. First time having sazerac and it was very good. Avocado salad was also excellent. Great presentation on both.