Great new-ish place (opened in January 2018).  Traditional French cuisine with a very nice take on some New Orleans standards. The watermelon sangria was well balanced and refreshing. Our appetizers were BBQ shrimp and sweet and sour crawfish beignets. Both were fantastic and gone quickly. Mains were soft shell crab with crawfish and a corn mix that blended very nicely, short ribs and grits so tender no knife needed, redfish special with a crabmeat and a great sauce and a delicious filet to round out the meal. Smiley was our server - try to get her section. Asked a few questions to understand what we would probably like and made the best recommendations.Really cute place. It's new but I guess they have a the chef from another great place in town. A group of 4 from work went here and we really liked the place. I had the salmon which was good portion. It came with spinach and rice. Seasoned very nicely bc salmon was offset by the sides. My friends had either drum fish special or crab salad served on whole avocado.Creole, Afro creole food with live jazz and an authentic New Orleans courtyard. What could be better? From the menu, "Vyoone's was born with the idea of bringing unique French fare to the Warehouse district.
It started with two dynamic women, we call ourselves sisters, from different backgrounds with kindred souls."
We had a chicory rubbed rack and sea scallops! Absolutely delicious!
It sounds like Dion's with a V.I feel privileged to provide the first review on this excellent New Orleans restaurant. It's always a delight to find an excellent restaurant by happenstance. It's even better when it's run by some great ladies who embark to provide the best. My wife, Dania, and I had an delicious breakfast here in this very beautiful place. The grits and short ribs were decadent. Everything here is top notch. The wait staff is great. Good luck to you!This place is amazing.  Great service and great good.  Loved scallop appetizer and the goat cheese capresse.We had brunch today at Vyoone's. Our food was very good. I had waffles with some delicious whipped cream and the grits were excellent. My friends loved their short ribs and grits and soft shelled crab dishes. 
Our service was very good and everyone in the restaurant is lovely. 
I'm looking forward to spending some time on the patio when the weather cools off!We were in NOLA for the very first time and after picking our first dinner just from walking around and having a sub par meal, I did my research and picked Vyoone's from the reviews alone. We were not disappointed! Our waiter was extremely helpful in steering us to a good wine pairing. I had the most amazing French onion soup that I've ever tasted and my husband had the goat cheese salad. For our entrees, I had the short ribs and he had the NY strip. Words cannot describe how amazing the food was. We will definitely be back when in New Orleans!Vyoone's came through in a pinch during an excessively busy weekend in NOLA & it did not disappoint. I had a burger, really needed sustenance, and it was hearty with just enough fries. My mimosa was simple but I'm a stickler for great prosecco and Vyoone's seems to have a well stocked full bar.
I will definitely return when in town as the decor is so French chic it truly rounds out the overall NOLA experience! The staff were super friendly and accommodating and they have one of the best bathrooms in town, lol. Thank you Vyoone's for saving my tummy and serving real goodness!Beautiful place with outstanding service. We were there during soft opening and had a private party in the upstairs room. High points were the gumbo, charcuterie plate, potato side dish and bread pudding. Only mishit was the filet. Mine was cooked to the right temp but obviously left out too long as the herb butter placed on top never melted. All-in-all... certainly good enough to give it another spin next time I'm in town.Impeccable service and attention to detail!  This is a newly open restaurant in the warehouse district that will impress the most discerning pallet.  From the mussels Pommes frites to the eggplant soup and beet salad to our amazing entrees it was a gustatory celebration!Such a cute place! Great service and food. Really nice outdoor area in the back and two levels of seating. The bathrooms were really nice too..overall really great ambiance. The staff was really friendly. They give delicious biscuits prior to the meal. The bowls that the soup come in are SO cute!Our group of five came here late on a Tuesday night. Absolutely loved the ambiance! Exposed brick inside and a cute little courtyard area. Our waiter Remy, was super charismatic and gave top-notch customer service. The menu is fairly limited, but they were more than willing to accommodate special requests. I ate a chicken dish served with vegetables and my husband had the salmon. Both were very fresh and tasty, albeit a little overpriced. Overall, the service made the experience for us and we'd definitely return if we're ever back in town!This is a great addition to NOLA good scene.  We had great dinner service and the food was on point.  Their French Onion Soup is a must try and probably best in town.  Keep up the great service and innovative menu.Absolutely beautiful venue - extremely welcoming staff.  Food was SO delicious and quality was perfect.  They were so helpful with my son... he saw a water melon slice on my sangria and really wanted one... the server went and grabbed one for him!  Parking wasn't bad either surprisingly... street parking but was available around 7 ish.  Would definitely go again!An amazing hidden gem. Quality food with just the right amount of variety. If you want to get away from your typical shrimp poboys and other overly seasoned fried foods in New Orleans this is the place for you. Prices are fair considering service and overall freshness. Robert was an attentive server and restaurant owner Vyoone was kind of enough to speak and show my mother and I around the beautiful venue.We came into this cozy cafe partially to get out of the rain around noon. We are so happy we did. We set out to graze our way through shared small plates through the afternoon. The escargot and crostini was great. Next we had the Goat Cheese Capresse (sic) (photo attached).  Not only was it beautiful, it was quite tasty. I mean come on!  Who wouldn't love fried goat cheese in a caprese salad?  Never heard of this before but I hope I find it again somewhere. If not, we might have to return to NOLA just for this. I agree with one reviewer who said the pomme frittes tasted mostly like salt and they were a bit greasy. Also difficult to eat because there are long shoestrings of potatoes all tangled together. They were not bad but they might want to rethink their pomme frittes.  Finally the French onion soup (photo attached). YUM!  It was helpful having 2 of us eating it together so we could help each other wrap the cheese into bite sized portions. The space is really cute with lovely paintings that we understand were done by one of the owners. Our waitress, Alyssa, was friendly and attentive. I'd give this place 5 stars if not for the pomme frittes. Lovely.Everything was delicious. We started with Zohreh's French Onion soup and the Smoked Tomato Soup with mini grilled cheese on sourdough. Both were fantastic. I will be back just for the French Onion many times. 
We shared the Short Rib and Grits and a Hamburger. The short rib was so tender and tasty and perfectly paired with the creamy grits. The hamburger was also perfect and tasty. 
The bartender asked us what liquor we liked and about our favorite flavors. I had a few La Belle Vie (The Good Life) which was gin and grapefruit with muddled basil and my dining partner was happy tucking into his Bourbon drinks sprinkled with pecans. 
I will be a frequent guest here. Highly suggested!Excellent decor and environ. Upscale feel without pretension. Eric at the bar was attentive and accurate in execution. The French Onion soup is the best I have had anywhere hands down....very impressive, don't miss it.Excellent place to stop in for lunch. We are staying at a hotel nearby and wandered out for lunch. The decor is very fresh and clean with a living wall of plants inside. We were seated indoors though they also have a beautiful courtyard space. I had the French onion soup which was excellent. I also had a beet salad. The salads were not very large but enough food for lunch when ordered with the soup. The service was prompt and courteous. We even had the opportunity to speak with the owners who were very down to earth and inviting. We enjoyed a lovely lunch and would like to return for cocktails later in our stay!This place just added more class to the Warehouse district and the restaurants it houses. 
Our experience was beyond great. 
We came here for the first time on Valentine's Day got dinner. We sat upstairs. 
The service by all waiters was 10. 
The food from the wine to the main meals was tasty and perfectly cooked. 
Can't wait to go back and sit in their courtyard.We were here for brunch today !!
What a cute place. Food was great  and beautifully presented. Omelets were so light and beet salad was delicious
Outdoor lounge too
Neoka was so friendly with a beautiful smileSweet staff, beautiful food, and great ambiance. Went there for brunch and everything was delicious. Vegetable omelette was perfectly prepared and I enjoyed my frittata. The grits might have been my favorite part of the meal. I will definitely be going back soon.Love the ambiance!  The food is delicious.  The employees are friendly.  The owners are also welcoming!Starting with the service, incredibly inviting and attentive. You can see how much effort was put into the facility structure, place has a great ambience. Our meals were amazing! I had the red fish and my partner a delicious burger. Finished the evening with the best bread pudding I've had in quite awhile. We will absolutely be back.We're FOH Restaurant Professionals from SF attending our 30th JazzFest. We choose Vyoone's due to it's Yelp reviews, marketing materials and the glowing resumes of the two owners. We arrived on Saturday night at 9:00. We were warmly greeted by both owners. We were seated in the quieter courtyard, a beautifully renovated space. We noticed the whole restaurant was sparsely occupied, in spite of overflowing crowds at most nearby restaurants. Our server, Becky was very nice. We ordered a cocktail and a glass of wine. A small pour, but fine. We then ordered their signature appetizers. French onion soup and Coquille StJacques. While waiting, we were struck by the glaring industrial lighting from the large glass window into the kitchen. Also, every time a restroom door opened onto the dimly lit courtyard, it was an awful, bright, glaring offensive light. At this point a cook, in full kitchen scrubs, stained apron, dirty kitchen towel hanging out of his back pocket came out of the kitchen with our starters and looked very confused. After a few minutes, we called him over. He said the table number was written incorrectly. There were no other parties in the courtyard other than a four top on dessert and a party of six having bubbly only. The onion soup was tepid at best. The scallops were just cold. The server took the soup back to be reheated. My $24 appetizer was two tough, tasteless, gluey scallops way past fresh. The reheated soup wasn't hot the second time either. Our server was caring and nice, but a bit in over her head. I watched the owners, server and kitchen staff discuss our party and problems through the big window. I expected one of the owners to come by our table to connect with us. Neither bothered to. My $45 Filet Mignon arrived and was served by a busboy who just dropped it on the tabled and ran. The steak was cold. The Herbed disk of butter just sat on it with no hope of melting on the cold steak. The Au Gratin potato's were cold as well. The asparagus was bitter and old. After looking at this for twenty minutes after taking one bite, and the disk of butter stubbornly sitting there on top of the cold steak, our server removed the plates. We asked for the check, intent on leaving and finding a decent meal elsewhere. One owner finally came over to our table. We told her of our dreadful experience. We told her that her restaurant was DOOMED. $24 appetizers and $45 entrees served by kitchen staff cold and poorly prepared is not the formula for success. She couldn't wait to get us out of there. This was easily the worst dining experience we've had in NOLA in thirty years. You're better off with a Lucky Dog and a Dixie than this! What a shame. Good location, charming owners, nice space. They just can't cook.Found this place because we live in the area.  LOVED THE SERVICE and atmosphere. Came on a Saturday night and it was cozy and we felt comfortable. Val gave us an EXCELLENT experience, ended up getting the lamb and a seafood special from his recommendation. This place is 'off the beaten path' but worth it! For dessert we got the bourbon ice cream and coffee creme brûlée---the combination was PERFECT!! Go here for dinner!!!Impeccable service, delicious food, wonderful ambiance. There's a reason this newcomer is winning so many accolades. Whatever you do, make sure to order the saucisson - absolutely scrumptious! I know that if I lived in NOLA this would be a regular on my list.This was the only restaurant I could find where I could make a reservation that day for a party of 6 at 7 pm on a Saturday night - everything else was full. I guess people don't know this restaurant, because it was excellent. Based on other reviews, I started with the French Onion Soup, which was very good. Other people in our party ordered the soupe du jour, a creamy tomato soup, and the coquilles St. Jacques - all were very good. I wanted someone to order the crawfish beignet, just to see what it was like - I will do so next time!  I ordered one of the daily specials, soft shelled crab with a crawfish sauce over it. The presentation was incredible - the crab was standing - very creative - I should have taken a picture! Someone got the seafood pasta which had a LOT of seafood and was very good. Someone else got the duck - it was a bit rare, but the sauce was excellent. Someone else got a hamburger, which was good as well. They did not have Abita, the local beer, and they did not have any Malbec by the glass. Service was a bit slow, and they gave 2 appetizers to the wrong people, but again, the food was quite good, and it is a charming restaurant and convenient to the convention center.Vyoone's is a wonderful respite in New Orleans. Classical French dishes with outstanding seafood.  My coq au vin was perfect tender meat in a red wine sauce with root vegetables.  It is my comfort food!! The atmosphere has much charm with good art.  I will be back!! Desserts are made in house!! Definitely leave roomNeoka was our sever, such a doll! Very attentive but still unobtrusive.This place is amazing! My dad ordered the special, crab cake Benedict, it was perfect. We also ordered Belgian waffles, and frittata. Place is cute and hip, good energy and aesthetic. Five stars!!Yum! Yum!  Yummy!!!  Husband and I stopped in on a whim.  I had the short ribs and grits.  Unbelievably delicious.Went to Vyoone's specifically for the French onion soup. I learned that the recipe is 150 years old. It was everything I was looking for. As one might expect, it is very rich. I had a glass of Malbec at Remy's recommendation which was quite nice, although Malbec traditionally isn't my favorite. I indulged in the vanilla creme brûlée, again, delightful. The only regret is I was a little over full with all the rich food. But, when in NOLA...
I would be remiss if I didn't include a few thoughts on the excellent service. Remy was the perfect host for the evening. He was knowledgeable and attentive. Having a party for one, he added to my enjoyment of the evening.Beet salad and mussels are amazing.  Salmon was prepared perfectly! Drinks were tasty and definitely makes want another..Nicest group you could want for a weekend brunch. If you're feeling sociable please go!Hands down best homemade Bloody Mary I've ever had. Great and attentive service and so friendly! I would recommend this place to everyone I know! Also, amazing French onion soup!Yvonne's is a must! Came to Nola for a work conference and this was the place we chose for our company dinner. Could not be more pleased! The food was amazing and out of this world. The French onion soup is an absolute must!! They have drink that is vodka based with lemon, lime and a few other items in it that is the best mixed drink I have had ever!! Highly recommend Vyoone's, you will not be disappointedWe live in the neighborhood and stumbled across the soft opening.  I'm always hesitant to go to a restaurant when it first opens, but Vyoone did not need any time to get their dishes on point.  We ordered from the brunch menu, and it was delicious!  My steak and eggs BLT sandwich was great, with the most tender steak on a sandwich that I've had.  My wife's short ribs on grits were prepared beautifully, with the short rib meet so soft it was falling apart.  Highly recommend this place!  We will be back often.Good wine selection and not far from the convention center.  Friendly staff. Mussels in cream sauce and the salad were good, but nothing spectacular.  I thought the cream sauce was tad thick; mussels were done just right.   Salad was elegantly done.  Very nice ambiance. Has a cozy outdoor dining area (they need to get heaters for seasonal use).  Bread costs extra (a low nominal charge) - just a small standard roll of bread. I would recommend this place to friends.Vyoone's was an excellent dining experience. The service was fabulous. The owners were there and visited our table often and truly made the dining experience better. I had crawfish beignets as an appetizer and the short ribs and grits as my entree. I cannot wait to go back with my husband for dinner. It was truly outstanding. 
The owner showed us around and I am looking forward to sitting in their courtyard and having a drink. Friendly service paired with exceptional food. I will definitely be back.Great new spot in the warehouse district. The atmosphere is nice, the food is very good, the staff is extremely friendly but the only thing preventing the 5th star was the price. It is pretty expensive for what you get. I realize downtown prices are a little higher than most but this is one of the highest in the area. Our group all said we would likely visit more regularly if the prices came down a bit. Tough to justify going often at this price point with so many other great spots in the area. Definitely a great addition to the area though. Nice patio, creative cocktails, and good food.Loud noise level. Escargot appetizer overcooked under sauced. Entree portions too sparse for prices. Service was inconsistent. Not all guests were served at the same time.Intimate and charming, Vyoone is more like a neighborhood bistro that makes you feel welcome the minute you set foot in it. The food is carefully prepared and presented, layered with flavors. We had eaten too much in the few days we were in New Orleans and wanted to eat light. We ordered soups, salads and starters - the French Onion Soup, the French White Bean Soup, escargot, Mussels in Cream with Pommes Frites, Goat Cheese Calabrese. The mussels bathed in cream were delicious. We finished every drop of the cream, soaking them up with the warm bread they kept replenishing. The Pommes Frites were spiralized chips, crowning the top of the mussels. The fried goat cheese sandwich between slices of tomatoes and basil leaves were just wonderful. They could have been a bit crispier, but were still very good. Our server, James, was helpful without being unctuous, a real pleasure. We loved sitting in the cozy upstairs dining room and looking out the windows at the street below.
As we left, we stopped off to thank Vyoone who founded the restaurant with her friend Zora. Her genuine warmth capped off a wonderful evening. Definitely a place we will want to return to the next time we are at NOLA.Sooo in love with Vyoone's Courtyard is beyond amazing and the mussels are to die for !!The best waiter staff in the city Awesome wine list and really to top it all off the owners Zohreh and Vyoone are the hostess with the mostessHands down best French and restaurant in New Orleans .will be back soonWhen it comes to flavor I think it might deserve more stars, but there was such little food on my dinner entree I'm not sure. The duck entree was three small pieces of duck. The potato was literally 1/2 of a fingerling. Seriously. You can't give me the full 1 inch long potato with the entree.? It was 2 small pieces of potato. I hate to belabor, but maybe half of a fingerling potato. 2 spears of asparagus. The rating is entirely based on the paucity of food because I was done eating in 2 minutes and there was barely any food to rate.Went to Vyoone's this evening for a late dinner with friends. Great food, very good service and atmosphere, and we were greeted very pleasantly by the two owners. They are still in their "soft opening" stage till after Mardi Gras - but don't let stop you from going and enjoying the food and ambiance! 
We all started with the French onion soup - served piping hot and cheesy! It was excellent-broth not overly salty and filled with onions and the crouton. Two of us tried the night's specials: 1) creole redfish and shrimp, served with rice and asparagus (veggie du jour); and, 2) crawfish cakes (think crab cakes) over remoulade, potato cake, and asparagus. The third guest tried the coq au vin. All three entrees were outstanding - beautifully plated and great tasting!
I highly recommend Vyoone's - a must visit!Vyoone's is wonderful. Great service, absolutely fabulous food. Crab cake Benedict were sinfully delicious.  And the restaurant is very appealing.  Put Vyoone's on your list when you are in New Orleans.Love this quaint little French style restaurant in the heart of the CBD. The twinkle light pathway that leads you into an open courtyard is a sweet touch and reminds you of the lights of the Eiffel which I believe could be their purpose. Took my brunch group here for our monthly brunch and enjoyed the Parisian atmosphere that included artwork and vibrant colors and exposed brick. Cocktails were reasonable and delicious. Though the menu was limited for brunch, what was offered was delicious. Vyoone herself is equally as magical as the space she's created and we will definitely be back for a dinner service.This place is WAY over priced. It's so over priced that they don't list their prices on the website. Smart move. Because if people saw those prices, they wouldn't come here. 8oz. filet -- $56! Scallops -- $45! The cheapest entree was the short ribs and grits -- $33. They were terribly under seasoned. 
They put edible flowers in EVERYTHING. The drinks, the appetizers, the desserts. Everything! Just because you sprinkle edible flowers on your food and drinks doesn't mean you can charge absurdly high prices!
Furthermore, even though there were plenty of tables downstairs (the place was empty at 7:00) for our party of six, they sat us upstairs, which was freezing cold and smelled of paint fumes. 
The only good thing about this place is the pretty hallway full of lights. But it's a trap.
Avoid!Not only is the restaurant great quality food, everything tasted excellent and the atmosphere was beautiful. We had a chance to meet the chef as well as Vyoone, who owns the restaurant. Both were great, and Vyoone in particular. We had a minor issue and she immediately took 15% off the bill, which is far kinder than she needed to be. This was a great experience overall and strongly recommend in New Orleans. We went with a big group.Fabulous dinner ... divine food, lovely garden, simply perfect spot in the heart of the warehouse district. Run to eat here ... stay and enjoy every bite.Stumbled into this restaurant because the walkway was so alluring. We sat on the beautiful patio. Our waitress was great and the food was delicious! We had French onion soup and soft shell crab Benedict. We will be back!!Appetizers-Got the Sausage plate -very good
Soup-butternut squash- very good
Dinner- Steak entrée- under cooked / had to send back 
Desert-Mellon sherbet- the best
Atmosphere- very nice / our patio was beautifulOur waitress was not very informative and seemed unclean. My husband had the fried crab which was delicious. I had the short ribs which were way too salty. The créme bruleé was more of a pudding, and not good.We had an hour for lunch and then had to be back for more meetings.  We were a table of four.  We got drinks after 10 minutes but no menus. We finally got to order lunch and then the wait began. A full hour went by with assurances that our food was coming out soon. The food never came. The restaurant was no more than half full. We asked for the manager - who was not there - but the owner was.  She came out and her first question was whether we had a reservation. Apparently there was a large party upstairs.  Then why did they seat us at all if they were overwhelmed?  The owner was rude and we had to leave without any food. Can't review the food. Can only review the service which was miserableVyoones is the best! We had a fantastic private event here for 30 people (and they have room for even more). The food was delicious! Gourmet and beautiful served. The ambience is perfect for a Saturday night in New Orleans. Each member of the staff was so lovely -- kind, helpful, and talented whether at the bar, serving food, or creating the amazing dishes. Vyoone herself is responsive, kind and overall fantastic to collaborate with when planning a private event. Can't recommend it more highly! 100% come here for dinner or hold your next private party hereVyoone's was AMAZING. We went for our anniversary and it was phenomenal. The service was great and Vyoone herself actually came down to meet us. She was very kind and took us on a tour of the restaurant. The courtyard is great! It's one of only a few private courtyards in the entire city. The food was impeccable. Everything was full of flavor and very filling. I have nothing but praise for this restaurant. Being black owned was an additional plus. We haven't been to brunch yet, but my family has gone and said it was just as good. This is the first 5 stars I've ever given and for good reason. Vyoone's is on our rotation for certain.This is the best restaurant that I've been to in a long while. So glad that I skipped lunch today. I started with French onion soup, my wife has the acorn squash soup. They were both excellent. We also shared an appetizer special, Grilled Brussel sprouts with hollandaise sauce and shaved almonds. It was delicious. Entrees were chicken confit with mashed potatoes, lamb shank with favs bean stew. Apple bread pudding and good coffee for dessert. All were incredibly good! The food and the service here are superb!First time to dine here and it was a mix of good and bad. The space is cozy and cold... it was freezing (they had the A/C so low). Our waitress messed up our order; she said it was her 2nd day, so we cut her some slack. We ordered omelettes... my wife's (ham and bacon) was good, and mine (Seafood) was bad, actually, it was inedible... it was way over cooked, scorched brown, and tough; I should have sent it back but I didn't (my bad). I spoke to the owner before we left, and I told her about my bad omelette; she semi apologized and said she'd speak to the cook; no offer to make things right... for me to give them another chance to get it right. It's worth mentioning that our omelettes were $22 each! I expect a lot more than what we got for that price. You never get a second chance to make a positive first impression. I'm not favorably impressed with Yvoone's.Wonderful dinning experience! Nice wine selection. Flash fried sardines with tomato jelly to start was so flavorful. Little neck clams with chorizo was so unique and really a surprisingly delightful combination. Jennifer the chef took time to come to my table and share the ingredients of the tomato jelly with me and chat about sardines. Reasonably priced for the quality of the food. Can't wait to return. The lights were pretty cool too!Excellent restaurant!  The patio and interior are equally beautiful.  We ordered a couple Apps (charcuterie board and soups) then split an omelette. Food was great, owner was very personable and shared that the recipes were from her family.   Definitely would come back and happy we stumbled upon Vyoone's while walking the neighborhood.!Vyoone's has been open about since earlier this year but you wouldn't know it. The quality of the food and service was great. Our waitress, "Smilie" was delightful and a great ambassador for Vyoone's. The space has a comfortable open yet cozy feel to it. Though there is optional outdoor dining, it's mid July in New Orleans and too doggone hot! But the food while nicely seasoned was far from intolerably peppered, and not overly salted. We thoroughly enjoyed the "Crawfish Beignets" as a table appetizer. The Redfish served with Lump Crab and a light cream sauce was perfect.  Seafood pasta was loaded with Mussels, crab, crawfish and Redfish was a lovely & complimentary cacophony of flavors. An off menu special was a Soft Shell Crab with Crawfish Etouffe with Corn Macque Choux which was heavenly. It's a French Restaurant so of course, we had to have the French Onion Soup which was deeply rich and topped with generous portions of cheese. The Wine list is incredibly approachable with a nice selection of French and Domestic wines. The prices were quite reasonable. Sadly, though the desserts all sounded tempting, we were very well sated and were "forced" to skip. I will readily return and of course making sure that I had room for dessert!I love this place! Very classy and romantic. The absolute most memorable moment of my birthday trip to NOLA! The service, food and atmosphere was amazing! The drinks are strong and the food is seasoned perfectly. The manager treated us just like family and welcomed us back! She really made me feel special on my birthday!Phenomenal!   What a great new restaurant in the city.   Crawfish beignets appetizers were excellent, BBQ shrimp....awesome!   I had the scallop dinner on corn macque choux was great.  It is spicy but I love spicy!  Highly recommend you give vyoone's a try.Wanted a change from New Orleans style food and decided to try this place in the Wharehouse District.  It was great.  Not only was the food delicious (french onion soup, fish, desert,  bread and wine) but the service was excellent (attentive without being pushy).  Loved the upstairs dining area where you could talk without shouting to your dinner companions.  Looked like a charming outdoor cocktail area but was too cold to sit outside the night we were there.  Owner on premises to make sure everything is right,  It was.  Can't wait to go back.The food,service, and ambiance was amazing!
I highly recommend sitting outside and stopping by for brunch. I shall return for another brunch!Me and my fiancé came here last night to Celebrate my birthday. We were greeted by the owner, who was also being the hostess of the night. She was very nice and welcoming! The restaurant was busy and you can tell their small team was in the weeds but we still enjoyed our service. We order mojitos which were delicious and strong! We also ordered the BBQ shrimp, filet and crab dinner, and the crab cake with penne pasta. I really enjoyed the food but the portions are tiny for the price. The menu says king crab but it was snow crab, and the crab meat was kind of dry like it was cooked too much. I loved the bbq shrimp! I had to order extra bread because the sauce was soo good! Our dinner was $175 for the two of us (after the tip). Two mojitos, one appetizer, and two entrees. The vibe of the place is amazing and I will be returning!This was the only restaurant I could find where I could make a reservation that day for a party of 6 at 7 pm on a Saturday night - everything else was full. I guess people don't know this restaurant, because it was excellent. Based on other reviews, I started with the French Onion Soup, which was very good. Other people in our party ordered the soupe du jour, a creamy tomato soup, and the coquilles St. Jacques - all were very good. I wanted someone to order the crawfish beignet, just to see what it was like - I will do so next time!  I ordered one of the daily specials, soft shelled crab with a crawfish sauce over it. The presentation was incredible - the crab was standing - very creative - I should have taken a picture! Someone got the seafood pasta which had a LOT of seafood and was very good. Someone else got the duck - it was a bit rare, but the sauce was excellent. Someone else got a hamburger, which was good as well. They did not have Abita, the local beer, and they did not have any Malbec by the glass. Service was a bit slow, and they gave 2 appetizers to the wrong people, but again, the food was quite good, and it is a charming restaurant and convenient to the convention center.Absolutely loved this placed. As we walked on, we couldn't help but notice the beautiful lights of the place. The owner came out and greeted us as soon as we set down. I felt very welcomed due to her and the other staff that were very professional. I enjoyed the food and the French 75 as well. I would def be visiting this place and would  recommend it to others. It's a vibe!Restaurant tucked away that we stumbled on! Service was amazing and the food was amazing! We enjoyed a filet and crab cake pasta. From appetizer to dessert we were completely satisfied. Will definitely go back again above other well known restaurants! 
Thank you for a great dining experience!Just flew into town, anxious to get my grub on with some new restaurants that I haven't tried.  We settled on Vyoone's because it was close, it had 18 5 star reviews and yelp indicated it was hot and new.  So...here goes.
We arrived at a small but nicely decorated restaurant.  Ordered a couple of mimosas as we were torn between breakfast and lunch.  My wife ordered the frittata and a had the ribeye steak sandwich.  I thought it was odd that they didn't ask what temp I would prefer my steak upon ordering but I just assumed that they new what they were doing and since I'm rarely let down by my food choices while in NOLA,  I didn't give it another thought.  As we sat and enjoyed our mimosas waiting for our food we noticed that the owner knew most of the people in the restaurant and she was monitoring the staff intently.  Even critiquing their every move.  Shortly thereafter we realized the we were dining during thier "soft" open.  Which explained why all the owners friends were there.  
So our food arrives...  the first thing I noticed was the frittata my wife received.  It was so small that I would've needed 3 of them to fill up. Immediately I was happy that I hadn't ordered that dish.  The next thing my eyes wandered to was the deep red colored piece of beef on my sandwich, immediately remembering that I had not been given a choice as to how I'd like my steak prepared.  Apparently, as long as you like it rare you'll have no problem. Just so you understand that I'm not one of those folks whom orders my beef well done and then complains about the flavor.  I actually prefer a juicy flavorful med rare ribeye if I have the choice.  While the steak was extremely rare, the flavor was on point.  However, of the 5 oz steak I would say only 2 oz was edible as the remainder was grizzle and unrendered fat that I displayed on the plate for the owner to see.  As the waitress, took my plate, she walked right over to the owner whom was sitting at another table with her friends.  After a brief chat, I watched her wave off the dish as if to dismiss the feedback that I had communicated.  Keep in mind I never asked nor expected an adjustment on the bill.  I would've been delighted if you comped me a drink for our trouble. Well, I was a little shocked when the waitress dropped an $80 bill at our table for a couple of mimosas, a steak sandwich and a frittata that wouldn't fill up my 5lb chihuahua.  So in short, the flavor showed promise but the execution could use a bit of work. I think what I was most disappointed about is the fact that the owner whom had been eyeing everyone's move in the establishment, even after hearing that I was less than satisfied with my meal, never bothered to take a moment to acknowledge my concerns.  She obviously assumed we were tourists and probably wouldn't be back anyway.  Well, she did get it half right... I won't be back.  The restaurant business is a tough one... especially with the likes of the competition in NOLA.  There are too many REAL 4 and 5 star restaurants in this town to bother with this place.  After all, Emeril has 2 restaurants literally next door and another right around the corner that would put this place to shame.Overall a great experience here. Excellent food and service! Must have the fresh onion soup. We had both, short rib and seared duck and they were both delicious. It has great ambiance and the courtyard has a cute charm. Will be looking forward to sitting there next time.Such a quiet evening in a ducked off spot. The owner served every person tonight. As her front house staff wasn't there. She was a lovely lady that never lost her cool. The food was delicious, the ambiance was a whole vibe on its own. I could have sat there for hours but, i know the importance of time at tables... it was my first time ever having French Onion Soup and it was AMAZING!What a great place! The food was excellent as was the service. We had the escargot appetizer which was very strong with garlic which I love so it was right up my alley.  The salads were very fresh and delightful.  We had the scallops and duck entrees and both were outstanding.  Val provided excellent service as did the entire staff.  Drinks were excellent as was the bread pudding dessert.  We will definitely return.Wow!! We loved this restaurant!! The food was amazing and the Ambiance was fantastic. This is a must visit when in New Orleans!!Place is very charming when entering, adorable courtyard setup. 
Service could have been better. Drinks were delicious! 
The reason I'm giving it 3 starts is because of the menu, quality and cost of the food. 
The menu is very vague. Not much of a selection. They didn't have the steak or the fish so I settled for chicken. 
Sooooo basic!! The chicken came with mash potatoes. Extremely bland, the mash potatoes just weren't good. I would prefer to eat box mash potatoes from Winn Dixie.If you are in New Orleans and don't come to Vyonne's, you missed out on one of the best hidden gems in the city. Everything from the ambiance to the food is spectacular. Chef CC has to one of the best to ever put her hands on pots and pans. The appetizers, which consisted of calamari and bar b que shrimp, were perfect. The main course of Mahi Mahi and soft shell crab was absolutely fantastic. This is a most stop for outstanding food and service. Will be back ever time in in NOLA until I've had the entire menu." It is the type of place you do not want to leave. "
Vyoone's is a small, unpretentious gem and Vyoone, the owner, is a charming, warm and welcoming woman.
Upon arriving for our 7:00pm reservation we entered the restaurant through a passageway of decorative lights that set the tone for a magical evening.  It is a passageway leading you to a relaxing space to have wonderful conversation and delicious food.
FYI - Look no further if you are seeking ambiance for a roman tic evening.
We ordered an aperitif and allowed to  linger for a long time enjoying the calm, our conversation and the wine.  We did not feel any pressure to order our dinner.  Chris, our server, clearly expressed to us that he never wished to rush our dinner. His sole concern focused on our enjoyment and dining experience.
When we decided to order, we selected two dishes for our Appetizers.  My wife ordered the Garlic Shrimp and I ordered the Escargot.  Both dishes were delicious.
Our " Principal Plate " selections were the Filet Mignon and the Lamb Shank. The preparation of both dishes was perfect. The very flavorful Lamb Shank easily fell from the bone. The Filet Mignon a perfect "medium rare". The accompanying vegetable for each dish was cooked to match the quality of everything else.
As we finished our meal we again lingered over the remainder of our wine, continued our conversations and took photos.
Our dessert was scrumptious and satisfied our desire for a little sweet to end the dinner. I will not tell you its name nor its ingredients. Let that be your surprise if it is available when you visit Vyoone's.
This was one of those experiences that my wife and I will remember for a long time. It is a special place and we will return!!We came here based upon the reviews saying it was so good. Our experience was mixed. It was mid afternoon, so there were only 3 other people in the restaurant(sitting at the bar having lunch). Our waiter was fine, and knew the menu, but our food experience was not what we expected. 
We started with Pomme Frites, which was a very thin beehive pile of fried potato strips. They were so thin that we tasted mostly salt, not much potato. 
I had one of the lunch specials, they call it a BLT with a Crawfish patty. It was a crawfish patty on a pretzel roll (bonus) with blt. It was good, and filling. It came with fries, which weren't hot, maybe they were sitting before being plated. 
My friend ordered the Chicken Roulade, chicken wrapped with prosciutto. When she started eating it, her face told me that something wasn't right. She asked me to take it taste, and the chicken, while moist, was very rubbery. We told the waiter, and he offered to replace it with something else, which of course is what he should do, but it was nice to see. 
So she ordered the burger, and he came back and said it was coming, but the chef said that the chicken had been pounded, and that's how it can get. When you pound chicken, or any meat, it's to make it more tender, not make it more rubbery.
He suggested the burger medium, but she asked for it to be a little more well done than that. When it came, she cut into it and it was medium rare at best. We asked the waiter to bring it back, which he did, giving no resistance again. But then he said that the chef said that if you cook the meat to medium well, and leave it sit for a few minutes, it often turns back to pink. Neither my friend nor I have ever heard that. When you cook the meat to medium well, it's not pink at all, and if anything, it will turn more gray. I've never had a burger, or steak, turn back to pink after it's been cooked more than medium well.
So, our experience was such that we don't think we'd return. At $50+ for lunch, and it not being busy, at all, we expect better.Location is really cute with great decorations. However, service is SUPER mediocre and the prices are just TOO HIGH. Ordered the sea bass for a small piece of fish for almost $50 with no sides. It was a good meal but not worth spending that much on. I would love to see this place become a staple in the Warehouse District but I will not be returning all long as prices are as high as they are.Chef special which was catfish was delightful .  Great ambiance & mixed cocktails. Our service was impeccable and they even took group pictures for us after.