First Waffle House I've been to in New Orleans and had a great experience. Neisha was super friendly and the food was great. Definitely a place I would come back to when in town.Phenomenal. Sausage sandwich, hashbrowns, pickles. All so good.
Friendly, quick service. Food cooked right in front of you. Hot and fast to get off the grill.
I went on a Wednesday morning at 10am, and was able to get a booth with 2 others.I came on a Sunday and it was pretty packed. I had to wait for a while to get my drinks because the waiter had so many other customers. I didn't feel ignored, but I much rather go to WaHo when it's nearly empty. 
The parking lot behind the restaurant is very tiny--maybe 8 parking spots or so. I think the lot to the store's left is also for customers though. 
I ordered the chicken biscuit because it never disappoints. Neither does the hash browns! I'm still in denial that they don't serve blueberry waffles, so I won't comment on the plain waffle. (Please bring back the blueberry waffle!!!)I have been hearing about the opening for years. It was so great to finally pay them a visit and see what it was all about. We had an awesome dining experience. The service was friendly and food was good and fast. Music was rollin and the customers were HAPPY. You can always get the temperature of a business by the staff and customers; both were friendly. The Unit Manager Josh greeted me right away and the others chimed in. Nice symphony. The Master Grill Op Jay worked that grill. 
Some critics have been harsh stating 'fancy' what? I think this is a very nice Waffle House with potential to be the #1 dining choice in the area. More  bistro chairs outside would be perfection. 
Good Luck Waffle House!My first time eating at a Waffle House and it was delicious. I ordered the pecan waffles and a hash brown. Everything was cooked to perfection. I've taken off one star because the service was good not great. Our waitress was cute but did not give her full attention to us while waiting on us. She would be talking to us and midway through start talking to some person behind her or that just came in lol I understand work can feel like home sometimes but come on. You all just need a bit of brushing up on customer service. Nonetheless I'd try Waffle House again.To be fair, we went late on a Saturday night but it's not an excuse for the lack of service and organization in this restaurant. The people taking orders seemed confused and the line was moving extremely slowly. Once we ordered (to-go), the total was added up on the server's personal cell phone calculator (no register). After waiting 15 mins and being called up to the counter twice to confirm what I ordered, it still seemed as if nobody was making our order, and multiple people came and left before us. A manager even walked by to ask if we were ordering to-go, but proceeded to move on once I confirmed how long we'd been waiting. Finally, after about 25 minutes, we dictated the order back to one of the servers behind the counter (the one who took our order), and she started making the order herself (despite there being at least 5 cooks working in the back). Finally, almost 30 minutes later, we had our food, but the order still wasn't right. At that point, we weren't willing to wait any longer and took our food home. I think this restaurant just needs some more organization and needs to establish who is in charge.It's a Waffle House, folks. The same chain that you see on the 100 ft signs along the interstate. The food is the same, not bad, not great, but adequate for an affordable breakfast. This location is tiny so there will be a long wait for a place to sit on busy mornings. I sat at the counter and had good service, but they are still working out their growing pains and I saw a couple of patrons come to the counter to ask where their food was, so have patience. What I am wondering about is if this place will make it in a city where breakfast farm to table is the norm. Waffle house still insists on using hydrogenated oils to cook with and coat their waffles and toast, no real butter to be had.This was by far the worst experience anyone from our of town could experience, first we didnt know if we seat ourselves or be seated so that gave one of the waitresses an attitude and didnt want us in her section. Then she stated he section was closed. We sat down finally and the table was dirty, a nice a nice I say twice waitress did wipe. Wasn't her section so she could assist.
The waitress had her son with her so she needed to leave, so the waiter came over layed on table and took the order (tired) he was not repeating himself twice, he just mumbled to us...had to ask twice for set up, thank goodness for the person who was actually off, she served us before leaving, most would say why cause my son wanted to taste the Waffle House food. 
The folks behind us was  also. Just bad service and attitudes were horrible.My husband and I have eaten at probably 45 or 50 different waffle houses during our lifetime and this one was definitely in the top five....if not the very best for food. Our hash browns were perfectly done and the cheese eggs were fantastic. Seriously. We went around 1am (the best time to go to Waffle House) on the 15th of February. Hakheem (sorry if I'm misspelling that) was our cook and the entire staff was friendly. Thank you guys for everything!Worst dining experience I've ever had. Extremely slow service. Both our orders were entirely wrong. Food not cooked well and tasted awful. Never received my waffle, even after reminding the server it was missing. Had to ask her take it off the tab at the end. Another server had a terrible attitude and was smacking gum loudly. I know it's waffle house and expectations shouldn't be high, but this was as bad as it gets.I was nervous that this new location would be like that sad excuse for a Waffle House on Elysian Fields. This one is amazing. Came on a busy Sunday morning, was seated in less than 10 mins, and my food was served in under 5 minutes. Everything was hot and accurate. My server Nettie held us down, she was polite and funny. My favorite Waffle House in the city easily.What is going on with the customer service? Called twice to place a pick up order and got hung up on and then left on hold for no one to return. SmhI would like to consider myself a Waffle House connoisseur as I LOVE the Waffle House. I visit every time I'm in the south and multiple times per trip. I've literally been going since I've been a kid. 
I prefer my Waffle to be cooked "golden crisp" as the picture on the wall shows. My Waffle was burnt on the ends and the "toast" was just something that they took right out of the bag to slap on my plate. Whenever I return to New Orleans I will have to find me another Waffle House to visit.Recently open, so the most amazingly clean and shiny and new Waffle House I have ever seen. Employees are friendly and excited about their job and deliver amazing service. The food is Waffle House food. There is not much to elaborate. It comes out in a timely manor and is hot and fresh and made correctly. I'm thrilled about it!!! I have been three time on a week. I'm so bad. I just can't help it. I'm so close!cook was on a very long smoke break. Amber the waitress was trying to keep everyone happy!!Ordered cheese eggs. No cheese in them. Dirty knife. Had to wait to get waited on while the waiter was b.s.ing with other workers. This is the second time I had bad service on 3rd shift. I used to work at a waffle house, so I tend to be understanding, but I doubt I will be coming back. You should try to hire people who aren't hood rats.I had the T-Bone Steak Dinner. It came with a hash-brown and salad. It was delicious. I am a waffle person but do love to order other things the Lunches and Dinners too. This is Waffle House and as Waffle House goes it doesn't need a description. It's brand new so the equipment is brand new and not greasy like the older units throughout the area and country. Truly the food is delicious and affordable. I say this is a medium priced place though you can really get some cheap eats because there are a couple items around $12. You can spend as little or as much as you care to. A single person can have a decent sized spread for $15-20. And a good date can be around $40 with nobody leaving hungry. A good sized family can truly dine for around $100. I love this location that I can very easily walk to, ride a bike to, or hop a streetcar to. It is nearby the hospital and VA Centre so it will do a decent business. I thank Waffle House for coming close to my neighbourhood. I am already a Regulars member so I will definitely be a regular regular!!!!!!!Someone needs to take the time and teach these employees what real cheese is. American cheese IS NOT REAL CHEESE!  The food is ok for something fast.This is actually the nicest Waffle House I've ever been to and I'm a Waffle House connoisseur! Very clean. The waffles even have the logo pressed in! I've never seen that before. The place was lively with customers and friendly conversation. Our server seemed like she hated being at work that day, but we still had a good time.Tables dirty, sat at low counter and was served without counter being cleaned. I eat at Waffle Houses often in other locations and they are much cleaner than this one. When served both of our orders were wrong, and one of our sandwiches they forgot to make. The counter next to me was never cleaned and tables that were dirty with food and plates on them when we entered were still dirty when we left. There were plenty of employees there just weren't doing anything and arguing from time to time. Not a pleasant experience. There was a grape jelly with butter smeared all over it on the counter behind my eating area that I moved further away when I sat down that was never picked. I know I'm repeating myself but this place was dirty.If you don't mind waiting for 30 min. Just to get your order taken this is your place to go. It was only half full. Can not imagine if they were busy. Several people were walking out as well.This was my first time at a Waffle House! 
"Whaaaaaaaaa?" Yes, my Cajun boyfriend was just as stunned. Walking in the door we were greeted by all three employees before my backend hit a seat! Talk about welcoming! We sat in a booth closest to the griddle and reviewed the menu so I didn't mess up my hash browns. Here at WH you use a special vocabulary to get your breakfast potatoes just the way you want them. I like mine "smothered, chunked and covered." 
While perusing the menu you'll notice that the calorie count is listed next to each item. This was extremely helpful! It's way too easy to polish off a diner breakfast, but thanks to the nutrition content I chose to only eat half, and take the other half to go. 
It was SO GOOD AND SO HOT AND SO FRESH. There's nothing better than having your food prepared when you order, and being served three feet from the heat source. Fantastic!!
Looking forward to my next excuse to eat waffles, bacon and eggs...for dinner.5 Stars for Waffle House? 
Have you lost your mind?
I, in fact, have not. 
Here are my 5 reasons for my 5 stars.  
1. Customer Service - Seriously, the most attentive and friendly staff that I have ever experienced. Did I mention that it was Thanksgiving morning that we were there? A stressful holiday morning and every person was friendly, helpful and conversational. 
2. Speedy but not rushed - Food is rushed out quickly and well done. Waiting isn't a thing that anyone enjoys - especially when you are hungry. But even though the food came quickly, I never felt like I was rushed. 
3. Food Quality - It's Waffle House, so please know what you are getting. But I also appreciated that everything was made fresh and that real eggs were used in our breakfasts. 
4. Cleanliness - For the speed of service and the number of people running through the space, everything was amazingly clean. Other places would have sticky counters or messy floors - but this was sparkling clean.
5. Gluten Free/Dairy Free - Not only was the customer service so great, but they were kind and understanding when I expressed my allergies. Easy meal with no issues!Avoid this place! Servers with attitudes would rather talk and complain than work!
Worst waffle house in town. I sat at the counter for 15 minutes without even a menu or drink while a manager stood at the window overlooking everything. A larger group of folks came in and sat down together next to me and the waitress decided to take there order before mine. I just got up and left. I eat at a lot of waffle houses and the service here is atrocious, at best!Completely slow. Waited an hour then we asked to have our food placed in togo boxes then waited another 15min and didn't receive anything so we left . Completely disorganizedI can't say that I went in here with the highest of expectations but I was particularly let down. I came in at 3 AM and it was full so I understand a little wait time but as simple as the food is here it shouldn't be 30 plus minutes. Our waiter came to take our order (I was with two other people) and asked we wanted one check. We asked for separate checks and he sighed so I said well if it's easier you can put it all together then he responded "Well are you gonna pay for it" and I was like of course ?? He then said well the group before you asked for one check but then didn't want to pay it. I then told him that when I go get food I expect that I will have to pay for it. He said okay well what do y'all want. We ordered two burgers (one with hash browns) and a hash brown bowl. We waited and waited and waited. It took 10 minutes just to get waters. When we finally got the food it was a sever disappointment. My hash browns were good (but did not come with the cheese and jalapeños I requested) but my burger was the driest thing I've ever eaten. I would've done better eating raw flour. They cooked the patty to the point of no return. I gave up trying to eat it and just took the bacon off of it. When I went to pay for the meals our waiter had to go and tally up the ticket with a calculator. Then he came back and entered in the price and started sighing and rolling his eyes. My friend asked if he was upset because of how busy they were and then he started complaining about the store and how it's not like the one he used to work at and it's bigger and always busy. So sorry you have to actually do your work sir. I will say I have been here during the day and it was a fine experience. Perhaps I'll be back just not at 3 AM.Crazy how the previous WH we visited had horrible food but great service this one was the polar opposite...great food and horrible service. The service was so bad that each one of us waited for two thirds of our meals, and had to ask for the unserved portions. Not only that but I had to get up and retrieve the syrup from the server station myself and had to re-request the glass of water I asked for. 
I watched 4 employees including a cook and the manager walk past a menu that was on the floor without picking it up. The only reason I'm giving them a 3 is because I gave the previous WH a 3 with an inverted reviewWent to this Waffle House on Sunday afternoon, there was no wait and we sat straight away. We placed our order and then waited forever. Didn't get our drinks before our food like you normally would. And it took forever to get our food which came out in fragments instead of each getting our entire meals at once. Then my friends omelette didn't even come out at all. When he reminded them about it, after most of the rest of our party was almost done eating, they then brought him the wrong thing altogether! Not a good experience.I was visiting New Orleans so I am glad our uber driver knew which location to go to but its pretty easy to find, Google Map takes you right to the location. It has a parking lot in the back - not that big but decent amount of parking spaces available. There is also street parking option. 
I ordered a waffle [So basic, I know] but it was SO GOOD! My boyfriend had never been to a Waffle House and he really enjoyed it. It was quite busy when we went there but the service was pretty quick, got seated right now and didn't have to wait too long for our food to arrive. Our server was so nice, such a friendly guy - he had some great stories to share. It is pretty inexpensive and the proportions are huge - can't go wrong with that. 
Two stars deducted because the place smelled a little, floors were sticky, tables weren't  that clean and neither were the utensils.Basic! Arrived around midnight to find about six employees working. I was greeted with an unenthusiastic "welcome to Waffle House." From there on the visit continued to decline. I ordered the steak and egg platter medium well with coffee and water. The server took about seven minutes to deliver the drinks when I was the only guest. The platter was dropped off about four minutes later. The steak was obviously well done and thinner than I have seen some bacon. The server never asked how any was not offered a refill of coffee or water.Waffle House is always delish and my go to spot when out of town. They never disappoint. I got the cheese eggs, hash browns smothered with onions, and raisin toast. Will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.Food wasn't bad, but service was terrible. Server never returned for refills or to double check on us. Especially as we are practically in the kitchen with them, and she never looked back our direction. Also, doesn't effect my rating but be prepared to pay for water. Not bottled, just the tap. I wish I had known but if that's their policy nothing I can do about that.We're visiting from out of town, we get in late, we're tired, where should we eat? Hey, Waffle House! We go in, ten people greet us, the jukebox has great music, the waitress is such a sweetheart I wish she was my mother, the food is just fine. A month later, back home, we still say now and then: remember that night at Waffle House? Wasn't that great?This is a great place to eat, food comes out fast and the staff are pretty friendly. The hash brown bowl is never disappointing, also the jukebox has some pretty killer tunes on it.I am giving 5 stars because of Sharron & Thelma.  I sat at the counter, late night & observed how the staff  interacted with  customers & each other & these two stood out to me.  They were both very courteous and professional. 
The food is as expected of any other Waffle House.... it's greasy,  delicious & cheap!!  Not fancy! Not of the best quality! It is what it is.   
Thank you Sharron & Thelma for your service & kindness.Have you ever been to a place that just confuses you?  Well this was that place for me.  I don't think the waitress, Briene (sp?) showed teeth let alone smiled.  The husband had a waffle that came pre-meal.  Beverages still missing.  My picture is of the 'triple hash browns', but it was more like shredded potatoes soaked it butter (zoom in).  Husband had to ask for water once the meals came and the reaction was like 'yeah I know.'  The whole experience was just...like crack, wack.  A why bother?AVOID AT ALL COSTS! Filthy, nasty, horrible customer service. I ordered the breakfast bowl. After waiting patiently for quite some time I was seated at a small table up front. By the time I finally was seated I was running a little behind so I asked the woman that seated me what came with the breakfast bowl. She stated, "eggs, grits, cheese, bacon, ham, or sausage, and toast". So, when the woman behind the counter asked for my order I hadn't even looked at the menu because I was ready to order. While I waited for my food (an extremely short time so they were efficient in that area) I observed my surroundings and I have to say that it made me nauseous looking around at what a pig stye the kitchen was. Then I observed the cook closing aluminum cabinets with his foot . My food came (everything was delicious). The waitress then brought me my check and it had $3 for the bowl and $2 for toast (which I did not touch and was told that it was included). I told the waitress what the woman that seated me said. The server said, "she couldn't tell you that because she's in training". I said, "well, training or not she told me that. Take the toast off". She SNATCHES the toast off of the table and SHOVES it in the trash. She then takes my check to correct it. After handing me the check back she goes over to the cook complaining about me within earshot! I left with a bad taste in my mouth praying I wouldn't end up with food poisoning from the filth. Do yourself a favor and pass this joint up!Good food, cheap price, great service!! Had the TBone steak, hash with onions, over easy eggs.Just popped in here for a quick breakfast around 5 AM.
Sat down at the counter for about fifteen minutes without service, watched as the kitchen finished their orders and the employees all ignored me, the main girl taking orders just left and had a smoke break.
The store wasn't even busy. Do yourself a favor and just wait for Betsy's to open next door.The place was a total mess (dirty tables and bar had not been wiped down) the employee's were just standing around talking very loud.   Not sure who the manager on duty was, but was not doing there job.  I changed my order to go.   I ended up throwing the food in the trash.
Would not recommend this place to even have a cup of coffee.  Worst coffee I have ever had.We were greeted by our waitress and she took our drink order.  The cook, Nina saw us waiting and came from behind the counter to take our order so we wouldn't be waiting too long.  She took our order and asked again to make sure she had it correct.  The food came out quick and was very good and just how we ordered it!  Great serviceService was horrid. She forgot our waters and coffees. Smh. 
When the bill came she stood over us and asked if we can hurry up and sign as we were trying to calculate the tip. Lil bih.
Needless to say I will be back. I love Waffle House and no one will come between me and my obsession.The previous Yelp rating was correct. While the food was very good, the serve was less than that. Our server kept leaving out items that we kept reminding her of or got portions of the order wrong. This was also the case for the other party with us, sitting at another table. Our waitress was very sweet, but again, not attentive.Employees outside smoking and when they came back in they didn't bother washing hands... got up and left just straight up disgustingWe sat at the counter for 10 minutes and were never acknowledged while everyone around us was served. Completely awful experience and we will never go back.no strawberries or blueberries r u insane?? i'm from out of town what kind of nonsense is this??? 2 stars for customer service 0 stars for waffle options at the waffle house aka the awful house hmmph!!I mean you do get what you pay for. Our Waffle House experience was good. We came a few times to this location. One was 2am and it was still open. That's the beauty of the Waffle House always there when you need it. 
I ordered the All star. Or all American. It was good. Of course the wait was long but you will be entertained watching the shenanigans around you. Eat. EnjoyThis is your traditional Waffle House. Located at 2500 Canal Street. Tulane/Lafitte/Gravier/Treme. Traditional breakfast, lunch/dinner options. Not too extensive a menu but something is available for everyone. Food is decent and delicious for being relatively inexpensive. Staff is kind and efficient. This is great for when you want food fast without having fast food. More of a sit down and dine. Casual atmosphere and average sound levels. I love this Waffle House!Never anything less than 5 stars no matter which location you're in. If you don't agree then I question your life choices. 
We don't go to Waffle House because they have a 100 rating from the health Dept. We don't go to Waffle House because they are always re-vamping their menu. We don't go to Waffle House because their service is consistently top of the line. We go because it's comfort food. No matter where you are or what you like you know what to expect. 
It will always be open. It will always have something everyone can be satisfied with no matter how big the group is. It will always be ready in less than 15 min from when you order. Your favorite menu item will always be there. You don't have to think just enjoy your food and the company you're with.
Never disappointed with Waffle House. Yes I might be biased because I'm a Georgia boy, as my wife says, BUT it is what it is. I can spend my $10 and be happy as ever.Came in early on a Friday morning and quickly managed to snag a booth! We were quickly greeted and ready to order!  I took my fiancé's advice and went with the pea an waffle.   Crazy enough this was my first time even at a Waffle House!   The coffee came out piping hot as expected as well as the rest of our food!   We got pecan waffles, biscuits and gravy,  and I needed eggs!    The waffles were loaded with huge pieces of delicious pecan,  and the batter was pretty dense and delicious.  The biscuits were toasted well and the gravy had the right peppery kick!  And holy crap these cheese eggs!  I hate that pretty much anywhere you order cheese eggs it's either a whole slice melted on top or barely any cheese! These were loaded with cheese and not dried out!!!How can you rate Waffle House anything less than 5 stars? It's always the perfect time for Waffle House, morning, lunch, or dinner it's always open and yummy. This is by far my favorite one though. When I lived in Nola, I would come during shift change just so I could see all of my favorite ppl at once lol. The workers are always happy and can be heard singing and laughing before you walk in. The staff remembers my friends and I and always show us a good time! You can't go wrong with the all star breakfast and it's super popular which includes eggs, grits or hash browns, toast and your choice of pork, and of course a waffle. I usually get a chicken dinner with eggs and hash towns, covered and peppered, my favorite comfort food! While being super affordable!!After marching in Chewbacchus, going to the after party, my group and I were in dire need of food. Of course we came here. Breakfast all around. The service was quick, the food was hot, the drinks were cold. Everything was cleaner than expected.Imagine a morning, or maybe an afternoon - most likely an evening. Something is on your mind, and by something I mean the full weight of your existence. As you navigate the throes of your recurring existential crisis, you find a light. Not necessarily at the end of the tunnel because you are quite far from that location - more of a lantern. Its illumination is yellow in hue. You walk up to its steamy doors with the sounds of pans blanketed with carbon and grease from the orders of local and global travelers. 
As you enter, your only greetings are the swift and demanding thoughts of "where do I start, and when will my order end." Now during these unfortunate covid times you sloppily try to dig your QR enabled device from your pocket. As you pause your Blues Traveler song, because WH requires all of your brainpower at this moment, you notice that your camera app opens on the front camera. You get a glimpse of yourself, you pause, but realize there is no time to wipe the drool from your cheek. Unfortunately, this QR code opens up a Vimeo playlist about WH's holiday cheer and whatever additional content their unconnected marketing team decided to confuse you with further. Now, at this moment, you are lost - thinking "where the f*** is the menu! No worries, I know it by heart" and it begins. Jamie, a man that sharpens his pen and rolls up his sleeves, because as he knows, you are here for more than just nourishment - the hole inside your stomach is as deep as the shovel length craters that Shia LaBouf so painstakingly dug as the heat and yellow spotted lizards watched over.
You start with a trip into the classics, an All Star, as the lyrics "L on her forehead" scream in your mind, you yank your focus back to the moment - "add cheese to the grits, please" Sausage, side of hash "All the way.", a T-Bone, or maybe some pork chops - I go T-Bone because hell, it's New Year. Jamie now takes a moment to give you the most financially responsible path - semantics. 
It is decided; you sit for a moment that feels like a guided meditation so familiar to you from this morning's Calm app. The symphony of sear. The ballet of short-order cooks. You begin to question if you purchased a one-way ticket to Moscow, where Sergei Prokofiev is your only dining companion. The performance by your hosts is nothing short of Oscar-worthy. Not only has it been rehearsed time and time again, it is truly embedded in the subconscience of the athletes that flip eggs and bacon before your eyes. Malcom Gladwell is kept up at night knowing that 10,000 hours could not simply teach any human to do this - these mortals were preordained. 
As you continue to sit, you contemplate how the agricultural revolution was a pivotal moment for sapiens to dread its ever so commanding existence. "How could one establishment serve 272 Million eggs a year? With food not being the issue, what is? My likes on instagram? Does the color on my bedroom's accent wall give off the right tone? And who ever did let those canines outside?"
The food arrives in waves, a pecan waffle "Hey, I forgot I ordered that!" perfectly cooked yet still requiring an honest bath of semi-melted butter and a dredge of homogenized corn syrup colored to look like the stuff that hails from our friends up north - delicious. Steak, no garlic herb butter here or thyme basted with the juices of a fallen bovine friend. Simple, seared, salted, and cheap, but nevertheless, honest. Mix the overeasy eggs with the cheesy grits?.. of course. Pause, jelly your toast but do not retreat. Jamie arrives again in your journey through this psudeo-avant-garde tasting menu - "you want chili on those hash browns, right?" as you glance at him with an expression only known to those who go to mass on Sunday - he pauses, turns around, and puts chili on the hash browns.
Your stomach aches with feelings only one could imagine having after singing your first duet back in 2nd grade music class, a feeling that makes you dread the day you ever sang from your throat, a feeling so rewarding once Mrs. so-and-so told you "breath and sing from your stomach" you think to yourself "did she mean soul??"
You wipe your cheeks and say a brief prayer to whatever omnipresent deity or spirit you decide to follow at this point in your life... and exit. One deep breath of the 70 degree New Orleans December air and you simply exist again, nothing more, nothing less.
You lie awake in bed after you return to what you believe is your home, but as you and the souls you encountered tonight know - the only home is down the street at your local Waffle House.my glass had a smudge, the waitress seemed distracted, and you didn't have fair-trade maple syrup! i want to speak to a manager!
get a grip, karen. it's a freakin' waffle house.So Waffle House on Canal sends me a coupon for a free birthday waffle. They're right on the streetcar so I'm excited to try them.
But... when I go to print today, they tell me I've viewed it too many times and it's only valid once. Luckily the manager is cool, and doesn't mind honoring it despite the glitch. It's a nice place to eat, with a pleasant view and an old timey diner vibe. 
And did I mention the waffle was delicious? So tender and the syrup was weirdly good.
Yep, I will be back.Thank GOD for Waffle Houses ! This chain never ceases to amaze me regardless of what city I'm in!! This was my first time in New Orleans and when I heard they had a Waffle House ..I had to come! Since we don't have waffle houses in New Jersey ..I always have to take advantage when I do find one. 
This Waffle House was very accommodating..the staff was very friendly and automatically spoke when we came through the door. The food was very tasty as usual and inexpensive. It's always a great experience anytime I come to the Waffle House and New Orleans definitely did not disappointLOVE LOVE LOVE! I ordered the ohilly cheese steak melt no bacon & my boyfriend had the chicken biscuit with eggs and cheese. SO GOOD!!! We just left out & I said I was gonna write a review soon as we got to the car! I would've loved to tell the employees persoanally but it was super busy. Bernice was our waiter and we sat at the bar top. One of the other waiters cleaned it for us. I love it here & I was never that into Waffle House, but I will come here ANYTIME just for their great & FAST service. Soon as we walked in, Sharron, the guy at the door, greeted us. He was sweet and very polite. I was writing down everyone's name so that I could mention them. Cedric super cool demeanor, I think he was the manager. He was checking on errrrbody! & he maintained his professionalism. Jay, Kiva, Monique, Nel, and the older man at the fry station. None of them interacted with us, but I was observing how they intereacted with other people & they were ALL so nice and welcoming! EVERYBODY welcomes you to Waffle House soon as you walk in & I absolutely loved that, it got me in a really great mood & changed whatever I thought about Waffle House. Way to go guys!!!!!!! If the manager reads this, please make it your business to tell ALL the employees they are GREAT!Food & Service were great. Was upset because when I arrived people were calling in orders over the phone . The recording on the number for this location online stated no call in orders. Change the number. You're putting out in accurate information. Trying to place and order now & can't find the number.Best Waffle House in the city. Plenty of employees working. Friendly and fast service. Management here blows the other New Orleans locations out of the water.Came here to place a Postmates order around 2am, everyone was just super friendly and all working hard. They got the order out so quick! The manager on the shift talked to his guests and his employees with so much respect. Usually I wouldn't write a review for just a pickup order but that's how awesome and quick the experience was.This is the 2nd time in two weeks where I come into this establishment, sit down at a table and nobody I mean nobody spoke to me, said welcome to Waffle House, ask me if I would like to place an order, nothin. The first time after sitting there for 15min had to get up and ask the to go person that I want to place an order. Now this time sat at the there were maybe 5 people in the whole place, and all the workers looked and walked right pass me for at least 20 min. 
Whoever is the manager or management of this establishment needs, needs, needs to hold a customer service meeting or class for the whole staff.Went to this establishment on a late night with my girl and there were 3 tables open that had food on them still. So we sit at a table and wait for it to be cleaned, meanwhile there are 2 others with the same situation. So the waiter comes up to us and says we skipped the line to be seated when the lady told us sit where you'd like. So he proceeds to tell us that we have to get up and have to move to the back of the line. Won't be coming here again I can guarantee thatfinally a w h in midcity! Just like any other in the extraordinary chain, it's great food and fun staff with reasonable prices will please anyone.We waited 45-50 minutes just to leave without any food. The lady who took our order never put our order in. A group of people came in with us sat down and ate. As we were walking to the car I noticed they came out also after COMPLETING their meals. I just got my money. So if you coming here it's best to dine inThis is a no service restaurant. Walked in and was told I could not sit down because they had no servers yet, even though there were three behind the register. And they had three cooks at the grill. There are people standing at the front with nobody seated. Drove down the block to betsy's pancake house. Totally awesome place. Thank you Waffle House for making me go here. LOLMy husband brought us here since he had good memories of coming here after long nights of drinking. I wasn't expecting much since good drunk food doesn't always translate to actual good food. I was pleasantly surprised. 
I got the All-Star Special. The waffles were delicious. I'm used to thick super crispy waffles, but these thin waffles blew my mind. I could eat these every day. Bacon was thick and crispy. My over easy eggs were cooked perfectly.  I can't wait to go back.So we walk in and the first thing we get greeted with was "Thanks for coming after 9pm" in a very passive aggressive way which shouldve been a red flag for us to walk out and find somewhere else to eat. But alas, we sat down in one of the booths. Mind you, they had 6 or 7 people working and we ended up sitting in our booth for 10-15 minutes without a menu given or any server coming to even try to take a drink order or any order at that. They just stared at us and did not move. Needless to say, if you want to go to a waffle house don't go to the one on canal. They are unprofessional.I phoned in an order for pick up. The woman over the phone took my order well and when I picked up the order within 10 minutes my order was correct. I ordered 1 original waffle and 2 breakfast hashbrowns. Both were yummy!This place is horrible . Nobody knows what's going on and your order won't come correct. 
Took 15 mins for our drinks and 30 for food ....... and place was only half full.
Avoid this place if you are hungry .
Been to many Waffle House and this one makes the list as worst ever !!!!We showed up at like 1 or 2 in the morning looking for some bomb grub annnnnnd I guess the staff was switching shifts..... to keep the story short the cashier was having a fit because she was "off" and there was no one covering the register lol. She started yelling, left the register right half way through ordering and stormed off. Pretty funny but the food was pretty good... eggs are like 40 cents, real affordable breakfast. Good timesThis was our first less than great experience during our stay here in New Orleans.
Service was NOT good.  Majority of employees were not wearing their masks covering their noses.  Hostess had headphone in and was talking on her personal phone while "working".  Our server was texting when she came to take our order.  There was no personality whatsoever.
The food itself was pretty good.  Just wish the employees seemed to care more about their jobs and their customers!Great place! Just visited it for breakfast. Coming from Texas we are pretty spoiled on food, but this place is truly amazing! It's also very affordable and provides wonderful, very friendly service. Truly recommend.This Waffle House location was about a block away from the Airbnb I stayed in while visiting New Orleans. It doesn't get more convenient than that!
I had the pleasure of eating here three times during my six days stay. Once at the counter and twice for takeout. 
For dine in my friend and I stopped by after getting off the trolley. We were coming home after seeing the Mary J Blige concert at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome. The rest of our friends went on to Bourbon Street to party but our feet were hurting so we decided to head back. 
I ordered a cheeseburger and it hit the spot! It wasn't too greasy and included lettuce tomato and fried onions. The service was friendly and fast. And the meal was pretty inexpensive.
I had breakfast for the other two orders. Eggs with cheese and home fries. My one complaint about the home fries were they didn't stick together like most Waffle Houses I've been to in the past. When you cut into them they would fall apart. Maybe they use less oil or a different type of oil I'm not sure. But it was a little strange.Not the best, not the worst. The staff is generally nice to work with. Cleanliness of the tables can sometimes be questionable, but the bathrooms are above average.
Today Johnny was cooking and made an amazing meal after I had waded through floodwaters to get something to eat.
I am so grateful!
At one point this one was called the fanciest Waffle house in the nation (Times-Picayune/NOLA.com, May 19, 2015). The exterior aesthetic is definitely nice, but the inside is like any other.Went to this establishment on a late night with my girl and there were 3 tables open that had food on them still. So we sit at a table and wait for it to be cleaned, meanwhile there are 2 others with the same situation. So the waiter comes up to us and says we skipped the line to be seated when the lady told us sit where you'd like. So he proceeds to tell us that we have to get up and have to move to the back of the line. Won't be coming here again I can guarantee. 
So my dumbass came back again ‍ and I regret it even more this time. Food was $14 and all I had was a patty melt and grits? And the worst part the food was cold and very tasteless. Hot garbo, shame on me smh I won't be back for real this timeNormally, I don't review chain restaurants. But once in a blue moon, you have to pay homage to one of America's finest, the Waffle House.
Do you know that FEMA uses Waffle House as an informal gauge of how bad a natural disaster is? If that doesn't indicate how important this establishment is, I don't know what will. The people who work here are some of the most important people in the world, and they work their asses off to ensure we get our greasy hashbrowns and coffee 24/365
Per usual, Waffle House never changes, that's why we love her. She is the same, with the food you could probably make yourself at home, but still tastes 100 times better in these 4 walls.
5 stars? You give her 5 stars because you need to, not because you want to.So I have no idea how this is even still open there is roaches literally on the counter. We did not notice till after we had already ordered and paid for our food. The service was horrible the Young woman taking our ordered literally after taking our order pulled a bottle in a brown paper sack out of her purse and took a swing and told us joking (that's the only way she can work here) so then we were asked to wait out side in the rain for our food. So we did then we asked if I could use there restroom real quick while we were waiting for food and was told no. Working a ambulance is hard enough as it is trying to find time to eat and pee is a whole other story. I would strongly recommend to stay away from this one till they get some better help on the plus side the cook was awesome and the food even after seeing the roach was still good but there again any food when your hungry is good food.