The absolute worst experience ever! I purchased a Groupon to use any day of the week, so I figured why not give this company shot! Mind you I visited on a Sunday afternoon, yet once arrived there was no one to greet you, as patrons were just scattered about! I approached the register to order, and this kid that does not have a clue about Customer service proceeds to take my order! I advised I have a Groupon and he stated he could not take it! I replied to him that I purchased it to use any day of the week and so on and so forth... he then consults with his manager in which she yells to take it this time but this is the last time she's accepting it?  So I'm puzzled and asking for an explanation from this kid that doesn't know what to say... at this point I'm expecting management to come over to explain her reasoning after I purchased the Groupon maybe 2 weeks prior to my visit...therefore after placing the order, we then cancelled the order in the next sentence solely based on how the overlystressed/overwhelmed manager responded by yelling to her staff that this is the last time without an explanation? Upon leaving waffles I stopped to speak to the manager and advised how myself nor my party were impressed by her reaction to trying to use the Groupon...she then states do you want your order or not? I stated to her that I did but based on your actions I would not like to dine here! She began to yell in front of several patrons to get out of her restaurant!  I was appalled and I did not stoop to her level by raising my voice but I did make it clear that we were dissatisfied and she will lose out on so many customers just based upon her attitude...mind you that I am African American and the guests that checked out before us that had a similar problem with their Groupon where African American as well...she definitely gave me the impression that she did not care to Serve all races, as she did not inquire about our particular situation, compared to theres...I will not be going back there, and I suggest anyone of another race or ethnicity not to patronize this business as well...upon walking to my car another Caucasian patron stopped me and said she's not sure what's wrong with her attitude yet she had her food and her visit was fine! Definitely a business that has suspension of racial profiling! Additionally these are teenagers/kids preparing the food that does not seem trained on the technique nor customer service! They need to convert to a mobile food truck as they are not fit to be an establishment!Absolutely delish!
Red velvet 
Walking in New Orleans 
Heart Attack 
The whipped cream was to die for. 
The place is small but super cute. The building actually looks like a waffle. 
Service was great.These were probably the best eggs I've ever had!! I got the Tuscan special with egg whites. My wife got the Monkey Madness. 
Staff was very friendly and gave big compliments to the chef. It's a very small place. Wall shelf/table along the narrow length of the restaurant with bar stools. 
Best of all, it's Kosher!!Unique different and delicious! Every one needs to come here atleast once! And don't be afraid of the heart attack, it taste better than it looks!went once and never again. the all the ingredients tasted like i could get them at the local drugstore for an exorbitant priceWe tried the "Heart attack" savory waffle with eggs, jalapeños, mushrooms, peppers and cheese. We also had a cream cheese and strawberry "Strawberry shortcake" waffle. Both were pretty good but expensive for fancy waffles. The best thing we got was the lemon ice with mint which was really awesome, and definitely plan on getting again.This is a fantastic gem of a breakfast and lunch restaurant in New Orleans. I had the Heart Attack waffle which is incredible as well as the Uptown Girl strawberry banana on a waffle I ate there three days in a row it was so good.The Heart Attack Waffle!! Interesting mix. It was surprisingly good but unfortunately, my eggs were overcooked and by the time the food arrived, the waffle was saggy and the cheese was like melted wax.I checked this place out based on a friend's recommendation. I ordered the Monkey Madness waffle and it was awesome, to say the least. Service was quick and very friendly. I'll definitely be going back to try other things.Very good but pricey.  Small section to eat.  Not a good place for a large group of people.  Nice area.   Next to a  Starbucks.Not enough seating to accommodate a lunch crowd. Interesting menu with lots of waffle options- I went for the Heart Attack. It was pretty good, I had it as a hangover cure which it worked well for... not sure I could eat it just anytime.Amazing , fabulous , delicious food !! Service was wonderful and courteous ! Great service ! Every item tried was delicious and yummy - !! Definitely make it a destination point on your travels in New Orleans - it's adorable architecture and outdoor tables make it a most definite stop .
Owner/manager was eager to please and spot on with menu recommendations. 
No other kosher place like it!I came here at around 4.15pm on Sunday and the closing time was 5pm. When we walked in and asked about seating, we were told that they were not seating customers any more and only doing take-out because they were about to close, 45 minutes before closing  time. The person told me he'd been there all day and was ready to go home. The attitude really made me feel that I wasn't welcome there. I had a Groupon I had to use, otherwise I would just leave. At this point I hadn't tried the waffles yet, but I doubt if any stellar level of waffles would be able to make up for this first impression.Hadn't had waffles in about ten years (dono why it took so long) so I was really looking forward to trying out this place.  Waffles are a treat, and I was in the mood for a treat, so we finally decided to check it out.  Since they focus on one thing, I was hoping they would knock it out of the park.  Not so sure they did.  I was expecting more.  Nothing was bad mind you, just run of-the-mill...which maybe isn't fair?  It seems sometimes that it isn't enough to just be good at something these days, you have to continually blow the socks off of customers...which really isn't fair....unless...you focus on one thing...in that case I think the shop needs to bring it...and here it was only so-so.
The coffee they use is Nespresso, which we use at home.  It's excellent stuff, but for us not a treat.Great place! We tried the New Orleans waffle, which was covered in pralines, and the Tuscan omelet, with sundried tomatoes. Delicious! 
The staff is really nice and welcoming. We went around 10:30am and sat outdoors.Meh. Daughter had plain Jane, real whipped cream. Ok Belgian waffle. I had crepe with onions and mushrooms. Crepe was rubbery, onion had  cayenne and not really caramelized, so they were odd. Mushrooms appeared to be  canned. Coffee was small but delicious. Doubt we would bother with a second visit.I was thrilled to hear about gluten free waffles in New Orleans and couldn't wait to try it out! I went with my friend and we both had chocolate chip waffles; mine was gluten free. The location is cute but super small and tight. There's not a ton of room for people to order and sit at the same time. The outdoor seating is cute but minimal as well. The restaurant seems to be owned by a family and so there was a lot of tension. No one seemed to very happy while working.
To start they forgot about my friends order so my waffle sat uneaten for about 15 minutes. By that time the gluten free waffle was fine not the best and kind of dry. They are super stingy on syrup which was needed to help the waffle not be so dry, and annoying because of how expensive the waffle was. I get it, gluten free costs more but come on people, it's ridiculous; I could probably by a whole gluten free waffle mix for the price of one waffle. Also, when we informed the waitstaff that we never received one of our orders they were pretty rude. 
There are definitely better places for breakfast in New Orleans. I'm glad I tried this out, but it didn't live up to the expectations.If you dream of eating waffles like I do, even better, eating waffles while inside a giant waffle, then this is THE place!!! These folks don't waffle when it comes to giving great customer service either. Try the daily specials. Pun for the whole family!Why not 5 stars? Because the prices are just ever so slightly too high. Overall though the staff/owners are very nice, and the food is delicious. We paid $30 for one waffle dish (the heart attack), one crepe dish (bayou crepe), one small coffee, and one small lemonade. The prices are equal to a place that would have a full sit-down area, (here there is a bar, and 2 tables outside) and higher quailty overall experience than what this place is, which is a great neighborhood breakfast stop for waffles and crepes. For example, I know Kosher means you can't have seafood, but charging almost $10 for a crabstick crepe that has only cheese and crabstick is a bit much. But again, the food is very good, and I recommend coming here when you have a serious waffle or crepe craving. The waffle heart attack dish was divine, and I highly recommend ordering one!This is a straight up waffle joint done cafe style but with nola slack enough it doesn't even bother pretending its location on maple is amongst the (seemingly necessary) metropolis setting such a business venture would seem to require in order to survive, much less thrive and multiply.
Frankly, ain't waffles in any heaven good enough to sell themselves in this economy.  Not by themselves. If there were these might be them.  But thems ain't such days. 
This business cannot sustain itself.  Not with competition, not without a proper espresso service, and not without a localization model that doesn't rely solely on university capital in a location off-campus.  Even if you own the building, I don't see sustainability as a factor in this dojo.
Kickass waffles, but it's not enough.First time vistor at Waffles on Maple. Had the Hangover and it was awesome. My friend had a Crepe & coffee. Friendly service, clean place, cute cafe setting. Nice to order at the counter and take your time eating while sipping on a coffee. Highly recommended.Food was delicious but have you ever heard of a restaurant that charges full price for a second cup of coffee? This one does!I woke up this beautiful Sunday morning and decided that today was the day I would try Waffles on Maple. The place is small, with very limited seating.
I end up ordering the Brownie A La Mode (chocolate waffle, vanilla ice cream, chocolate drizzle, and some chocolate sprinkles). My girlfriend ordered the Italian Panini and a regular lemonade. Just this totaled $32! This is ridiculously expensive!
After ten minutes, they brought us a frozen lemonade despite clearly specifying that we ordered a regular lemonade. I took it back and watched as he took a small cup, filled it with ice, and poured Simply Orange brand lemonade into the cup. They made me pay $6 for a small cup of store bought lemonade. If I bought the entire carton from the store, it wouldn't even be half that cost!
After twenty more minutes, they brought the waffle and the panini. My girlfriend says the panini was "okay," but I have had a significantly better panini for half the cost. The waffle was simply not good. On its own, it was hard--so much so that I had difficulty cutting it. The tastes did not mesh well either! And on top of all of this, they put coconut ice cream instead of vanilla. I asked the guy if they were out of vanilla afterwards, and he said yeah we put coconut. Why wouldn't you tell someone who is ordering it that you aren't putting vanilla! There were no signs either saying that they are replacing vanilla with coconut! Honestly, I hate coconut ice cream.
Simply put, I paid for overpriced "food" that just left a bad taste in my mouth. Incredibly disappointing: do not recommend.Went here with a friend at about 2 pm on Sunday afternoon. (December 7, 2014 to be exact.) The interior is small, but quaint.  We were both excited to have waffles and since this eatery specialized in waffles, we were expecting them to be pretty good.
To cut to the chase, the food was terrible.  It is actually my new standard for really bad food.  I ordered the Strawberry Shortcake waffles. (See attached picture) My buddy ordered the Sunny in Holand.  There was nothing about my waffle order that was good or fresh.  The waffles themselves were undercooked, the strawberries were frozen, the whipped cream came from a can.  Seriously, how do you screw up waffles, especially if it's your specialty?  I have had better waffles at make-it-yourself cheap hotel breakfasts. I have never yearned for frozen waffles from a toaster before, as I did during this experience.
My friend's Sunny in Holand waffles were equally sad.  His waffles were brown as is if freshly made, but cold and rubbery.  We had to speculate as to how long they had been sitting there.  At least they could have heated it up.  The eggs and hollandaise were equally sad. The only way they could be passable were if I were an astronaut and this was the only they could have eggs and hollandaise for breakfast, versus powdered toast.It's waffles with toppings. The waffles are average, not Belgian style so they are thin. Their coffee machine didn't work. The service was fast and friendly. I tried it once and don't need to go back.Okay, maybe everyone else must have went here on the wrong day, but this place is absolute deliciously. The food was awesome and it didn't take long for my food to arrive. I ordered the red velvet waffle with 2 scrambled eggs and can I say magic happen. I'm never one to eat all of my food unless it's absolutely delicious and on this trip I ate everything on my plate. I will definitely be going back especially since I love Belgian waffles and they have so many too choose from.These reviews seem incorrect. I'm purposely giving it 5 stars because they deserve it. The employees are so nice and I don't understand the knocking of these people. The selection is huge. And every waffle I've had is phenomenal. I've had other waffle spots in this city and this by far is the bestI finally ventured over to waffles on maple today, and it was awesome! Let me preface that statement by saying I have celiac, so any place that has gluten free crepes and waffles is going to rank highly on my list, especially since this is New Orleans - gluten capital of America. However, I do believe I know what is "wrong" with the waffles. My non-celiac friend also ordered a waffle and we believe our waffles were the same. From that I gather that their waffles are not gluten free by request, as most places do - their waffles are all just all gluten free. That's what people are complaining about. Welcome to the last 14 years of my life. I have no sympathy. So in conclusion, for people who can eat gluten is the actual waffle going to be the best waffle you've ever had? Probably not. Will you be able to stop eating it? Absolutely not. 
I had the walking in New Orleans - it was so yummy! The service was not great, but they do have an espresso machine now.The waffles on maple Metairie location the latte was  horrible must train their staff better.Best waffles ever! This place and the waffles are super interesting and the people who work there are extremely friendly. Anytime I'm in the area I'll make it a point to go here.
What a cute name btw!Although the plate was presented beautifully, the sweet waffle (topped with cinnamon, sugar and whipped cream) was nearly inedible. Tough and cardboard-like, it required a sharp knife to cut it. No thank you.This place is great. I went there the last day of my trip for a brunch breakfast after a late night on Bourbon. It was just what my friends and I needed! Our food was great. I got the blueberry waffle without ice cream and a sante fe omelet. It was great and the waffle was perfect! The mochacinno was also amazing! I'd definitely recommend this place, especially with the coupon they are offering! Go for it! Its a little pricey for portions so it's not for the cheap but its nice.Doing the lord's work! Come eat here often. Delicious, inexpensive, friendly, clean bathrooms. Five stars for sure.Great waffles, friendly staff, nice outdoor seating area. Went there with some friends - we had the 'heart attack'- was to die for.This place is so cute!  A waffle restaurant with a waffle facade, YUM.  
I went in today and tried the waffle with sausage and gravy and a waffle with cream cheese and strawberries.  They were both delicious.  The waffles are a little bit on the sweet side.  I think I would prefer a slightly less sweet waffle, but they were very good anyway.
The coffee they have is very nice too.  They use a Nespresso machine which means that yes, the coffees are small, but they are good strong coffees for those who prefer espresso drinks.
The staff was very nice, and I am sure I will be back.  I forgot to get the card punches though :(  Maybe next time.Went here today for the first time! My boyfriend had the Crab au gratin waffle and I had the Mushroom and onion waffle! Both were delicious and we agreed we would be back!Super duper delicious place ...highly recommend this place  first time in town price is good really good costumer service...The food was so amazing and the staff very friendly. This was our first time in LA and we will def be back and will visit this place for sure!!Really good waffles, but kinda expensive! 
Outside seats, perfect when the weather is good!Stopped in here for the first time today and thought it was great. We ordered the sampler, and they let us substitute out one of the four options for one that we preferred to try. All were great, particularly the heart attack and the walking in New Orleans (which we substituted).
We also tried the hangover (special) which was huge and delicious.  The employees were very friendly and we will definitely come back. Hadn't ever really had a savory waffle before, but great concept and delicious.Tried their new location on W. Esplanade in Metairie. In short.........worst waffles I've ever had. I ordered a strawberry waffle. Soggy and not cooked all the way. Way too sweet. Gave them a chance since they're a new business in my area but I regret it. I threw up those waffles. Thought this would be my go to place for waffles but Waffle house is and will continue to be. Disappointed. Staff was the only good thing in there.Amazing waffles! They are 100% kosher and offer gluten free waffles!! The gf are amazing! 
They have a loyalty program so after a few you get one free which is great!I'm gluten free so finding this gem of a place was an awesome gift from the "Gluten Free Gods." I ordered the Hangover Waffle and although I didn't have an actual hangover...it was good choice. Here are the  - it was gluten free but didn't taste gluten free and it was still fluffy. I got the soy sausage (as I don't eat meat) and it was pretty ok. My friend had the Waffle Sampler (which I had a bite of them all) and my least favorite was the Strawberry Shortcake one (but I don't like sweet too much).  My favorite of hers was the Spinach and Artichoke one. Here are the ...the grits on the Hangover made the Waffle soggy which wasn't appealing to me. It could be that I ate too slow but still. Other than that, I thought it was a great find! I'd definitely return again.I really didn't know waffles could taste like this -- in a very good way. The hang over and heart attack waffles were the best. I didn't quite like the sweet ones as much. I would also avoid the coffee. There are some great coffee houses down the street, so I would just order water next time.We came her as a party of 6 for breakfast, ordered tons of food and it was ALL absolutely delicious. Everything tasted very fresh and arrived in a very timely manner. Staff was pleasant to deal with as well. No complaints. 
Would definitely recommend to others.The waffles are very good but the service is super slow. Took around 30 min to get our waffles. They also are horrible at refilling your drinks, especially water.I'm a little disappointed with this place. I read the bad reviews in regards to sitting arrangements for this place but I didn't think it was going to be that bad. It's worse than the reviews can possibly describe. Inside of the restaurant is basically the kitchen so unless you want to smell like omelets, you have to sit outside on this not very stable chair that are sort of on a side walk that dips down. 
The second disappointment was asking for a regular cup of coffee. Instead of giving you regular coffee, they hand you an Americano in a to go cup. They also give you ONE creamer unless if you request more. Seriously? 
The waffles are okay, I actually really enjoyed the spinach one. 
If you want to be happy with this place, realize that you are not going to a restaurant; you are going to a place where they serve waffles and send you on your way. There is no service as there is not actual "waiting". This place might as well be on wheels if they serve their food with plastic utensils and a birthday plastic plate. 
Ps.: I would not recommend getting it through UberEATS or waitr as the waffles were already SAD and a little soggy on my plate.I always seem to want to go here on a Saturday morning - when they're not open.  So I finally decided to make the trek on a Sunday to see if I would be adding another great restaurant into my rotation. Sadly I will not. 
While the food wasn't terrible, I certainly wasn't blown away by it. The reason I'm giving it 2 stars instead of 3 is because I feel it was way overpriced for what you get. I ordered one of the specials - the creole queen which was a sweet waffle with a pecan batter, strawberries and granola, and 1 fried egg and a small cafe au lait and my total came to almost $16.  The strawberries and granola were a good flavor but the waffle itself was underwhelming. I would have liked it to be a bit crisper and easy to cut.  I was also a bit dissapointed in the portion. If I'm paying almost $11 for a waffle, I want it to be a bit bigger and fuller. The egg and coffee don't warrant much mentioning. 
The staff was friendly and the service adequate. It's not really a good place for groups if the weather is not nice because of the very limited seating indoors. 
I won't say I won't ever be back but I'm not in hurry. I'm kind of sad that after all the time wondering what's it like, it was a bit of a let down. Oh well.This place does not stand behind the quality on its pictures.  The coffee was like from yesterday, when asked to substitute another waffle on the sampler I was told no by the staff although they substituted another item without letting me know. As they Serve the food on to go container without me asking and also to find egg EGGSHELLS on my cornbread waffle once at home!... Service couldn't be any weirder/rude.  Totally disappointing experience.My wife and I have found a new place for breakfast. Being that it is practically next door to a Starbucks and a couple of other cafes, we were certain there had to be a reason that they were still open. Though they advertise inexpensive (but actually very good) coffee, they are much more than that--crepes, waffles, omelets, salads...and the variations therein are shocking. My wife tried the Heart Attack waffle, which came with jalapeños, muenster, egg, onions, mushrooms, and another type of cheese I can't recall at the moment, and of course I had to bite off of it. My breakfast was on the special menu: the crab au gratin omelette, which was truly decadent. Even the rolls and butter were rich in flavor. Paired with a cafe au lait, it was a winning combination for the both of us. Note: to the New Orleans natives who prefer chicory with their coffee, it might not be your favorite, as their coffee lacks it, but it is still great coffee for those of us who don't mind coffee without the flavor of chicory. All in all, it was a great experience for our anniversary breakfast, and the outdoor seating was the cherry on top. We will definitely return for round two. There were quite a few more things on the menu calling my name.Waffles on maple has the best waffles in the city! If it's your first time here I highly recommend the sampler platter! It's the best way to get a taste of the sweet and savory waffles.I was walking around Magazine Street a few days ago and decided to stop by Waffles on Maple and I was very happy I did. Since its a kosher dairy restaurant, there are no chicken and waffles on the menu which was a little disappointing in a waffle place. However, to trade off a topping of fried chicken for ice cream or the ricotta/sundried tomato/basil/feta that I got is well worth it. The waffles were great and the toppings creating a great savory/sweet juxtaposition. I will definitely be back!***ordered from uberEats, never been to physical location*** 
This began with me leaving all my food at home and starving until something nice opened up. I perused the ubereats app and settled on waffles. The selection is extensive and ranges from a regular Belgian waffle, to the sweet Elvis Presley (peanut butter, bananas, and chocolate sauce), to the savory (say whaaaaaaat?!) Hangover (grits, soy sausage, eggs, and cheddar cheese). Naturally with all of the various options (and sensory overload) I wasn't able to just settle on just one! So I did what every proud American would do (#Murica) and ordered a sampler! Seriously, the next most American thing to do is vote!! The sampler comes with their four most popular flavors : Uptown Girl (topped with fresh strawberries, bananas, whipped cream, and powdered sugar), Strawberry Shortcake (strawberries with strawberry sauce and whipped cream cheese), Spinach & Artichoke (typical spinach and Artichoke taste with melted mozzarella cheese), Heart Attack (eggs, jalapeno, mozzarella, muenster, cheddar, caramelized onions, and sautéed mushrooms).
Strawberry Shortcake - didn't taste any cream cheese however between this and Uptown Girl I prefer this because it has a lot more flavor. The strawberries tasted like they were fresh and then cooked down along with the sauce. Not cloyingly sweet. However this is not something I would ever order again. *snore*
Uptown Girl- fresh strawberries and bananas are always a good thing. If you look at the picture I uploaded you would notice that you really couldn't see the powdered sugar. The whipped cream was in a different container and it tasted a bit like reddi-whip. Not saying that it is but that's what I would compare the taste to. Honestly this didn't have a lot of..pizzazz to it. Thank goodness for the syrup!
The savory portion was way better than the sweet part which sucks for me because I have a huge sweet tooth!
Spinach & Artichoke - The first one I tried! So good! I can tell that they used real mozzarella cheese and that makes a huge difference. The spinach and Artichoke did not have dip quality, it seems to be made in house. My favorite amongst the four flavors 
Heart Attack- Expected this one to be my fav based on the description (loves spicy things, referring to the jalapenos) the eggs weren't seasoned but that's neither here nor there. Jalapenos, onions, and mushrooms were sautéed to perfection. Definitely tasted cheddar cheese with a hint of muenster. 
The issue I had with all of the waffle pieces is that they texturally were not what i was expecting, they were soft almost like they were stale. Another major problem I had with this order is the portion size. This waffle sampler cost me around 15 bucks with tax and it is NO WHERE NEAR considered a full meal and it came with nothing on the side! Of course I understood the price before I ordered but I thought that the size would reflect the price. I'd never order from here again, hoping to have better luck at Belles Diner.Waffles were wonderful. Liked the sweet more than savory but what a good idea on the savory. Would avoid the omelets, one of ours was undercooked and although they remade it, still wasn't cooked right. Also, make sure to go with a small party (2ish) or be ok with sitting outside. The indoor seating area is just a bar type set up. Our plates were cleaned off before we left so it was obviously tasty or we were really hungry LOL.I love the facade of the building, huge waffle! I was hoping they had chicken and waffles, something I just don't see nearly enough as I feel I should. But, I had the next best thing to chicken.... eggs. I had the Sunny in Holland - waffle with two fried eggs and hollandaise sauce. The waffle still had a ting of sweetness under all that savory, something I was happy to discover. The waffle was well cooked, great spongey texture, and great flavor. Personally, I like a little more of a crunch on the edges, but I know that's not traditional. I also would've liked the sauce to somehow be a little sweeter. 
Atmosphere: it's a small alley space, and they utilize it all pretty well. What's weird to me is that the glass wall between the public and the kitchen area seems like I should be watching the magic happen, only there really isn't anything to see over the counter. For it being not that busy, I would expect a little more order on the other side. Maybe some sort of prettier display of the ingredients. It felt more like a Subway, without all the colorful veggies. 
The blackboard above the waffle irons has a list of specials, but none of them had a description. I didn't really want to stand there asking someone to explain the 5 different special waffles to me, so I skipped over them. Maybe "Blueberry Cheesecake" and "Chocolate Eclair" speak for themselves, but without the enticing descriptions, I'm not interested. I almost exclusively get sucked into a good special description, so if you take the time to tell me how delicious they are, I may even pay an extra buck or two for it. They also listed smoothies without descriptions of what's inside, and again, I'm not interested enough to ask. The board is big enough for them to write it out, but it just didn't seem like they wanted to take the time. 
The coffee was from a small Nespresso machine. It was delicious and velvety, and honestly made me regret my Keurig purchase. But I wonder about volume. Would that small machine be able to handle a packed house? And with the choice of only two sweeteners, I kind of wished I stashed a Splenda in my purse. 
Lastly, one person who was working there was talking to the other employees in a business manner. Being that they were right behind me in this tiny place, and I was the only customer there, I felt it was pretty inappropriate. I tried to continue reading on my iphone, but I couldn't help but overhear, as much as I didn't want to. 
Bottom line: great waffles, but the inside needs a little flair of fun.They're waffles, and most of them are pretty much dessert disguised as breakfast. The inside hasn't captured the same smile I get on my face when I say "Waffles!" Try saying it without a huge smile, it's impossible. 
Reading some of the other reviews, it looks like they have improved things. (No more paper plates. They take credit cards.) I just hope they're around long enough to work out all the kinks.I love it! You have to go! The outside is even shaped like a waffle....
I strongly recommend one of the savory waffles. Keep in mind, it's Kosher, but still. I had a chef's special that day, it was roasted vegetables, spices, and feta cheese, and it was incredible. My friend had one of the sweet waffles, also very good, but if you want to try something cool, go savory.
Mind the hours, it's closed on Saturday and closes at 3 on Fridays.
It's a new place, they're still working on a few things, but definitely go, and support more food options on Maple!Normally my boyfriend and I would rave about this place, but today we were very disappointed.  We ordered our favorites, the hangover and the heart attack, to go and when we got home to start eating the food was completely burnt.  It even burnt through the styrofoam box.  We love this place and come here fairly often and never have a problem, but today was different. Maybe they were in a rush to close (even though we got there 40 minutes before closing).  We won't be coming back.Super delicious food!! Place was cramped but no biggie, the service & hot waffles make up for it.Great job overall, thank you!I basically had a smaller quantity Waffle House meal for $10. The Hang Over waffle meal under their savory waffle selections. There's no meat served here but the soy sausage was good and savory. There's no liquor served here so no mimosas. It was nice to try but there's not much to set this place apart from all the other uptown cafes in the area. They were having some issues with their credit/debit card machine. The fresh scrambled eggs were tasty and fluffy. 3 out of 5 stars.Do you like egg yolks? Get the holland one. Eggs over medium with hollandaise on top of a waffle, soooooo good. Caramelccino was awesome too! Went here by accident, will be back. :)I saw Waffles on Maple while I was scrolling on instagram and knew I had to try it.  While I was looking up the yelp review, a yelp deal popped up $15 dollars for $30 worth of money at the store.  PERFECT TIMING! We went in this past sunday and it was DELICIOUS!  From walking in everyone greeted us and said hello.  They answered questions about the most popular waffle and about how long they have been open.  We both ordered the brownie a la mode waffle.  they put ice cream in the middle of the whipped cream. AMAZING!  I had a chocolate milkshake because I'm all about a healthy breakfast :) and my boyfriend had a coffee which he said was really good.  The milkshake was the best I have had in a while.  We went in around 8:30 so there was just one other family there.  They have a row of barstools to sit at, so it's like bar style seating or they have tables outside.  I would suggest getting there early to ensure a seat though.  We will be back soon to try out the other waffles.Delicious and filing, friendly service.. totally worth the trip. A kosher eaters dreamNOM NOM NOM NOM.....
I love waffles... i had my bf check my pulse throughout the meal to ensure i was still alive. I had the banana foster waffle. The only change i would make is to make it unlimited lol :). Honestly, i couldn't finish the waffle in front of me, so maybe this is as good as it gets. 
Needless to say we will be back. The free waffle punch card incentive is definitely a plus!Moved to New Orleans about a year ago and just like probably everyone who moves here, you have a list of places you want to try. Waffles on maple was on my list of the many places I've had bookmarked to eat at and after reading some reviews it seemed like a really good and different place to eat. 
The business is super small. We were the only people in there so, it wasn't crowded. My partner ordered the mushroom and onion waffle and I ordered the gravy waffle. It wasn't a long wait before we received our food. It was kind of an awkward experience. We sat inside because of the rain and the guy who took our order was just kinda chilling at the register. There was no music or background noises. So. It was just really awkwardly quiet. My waffle was a little undercooked but I assumed that's how they do things. The gravy was bland and I think if I wasn't in such scavenger mode, I would have probably taken one bite and left. My partners waffle was a step up from being better than mine yet, still bland. We ended up leaving halfway through the meal because we just couldn't take it anymore. Afterwards, we felt really sick. In fact, I still feel sick and I don't think I'll look at another waffle the same. Maybe it was just us and our sensitive palates. I'm still not sure. Maybe the sweet waffles they have on the menu are better and more tasteful. But. I'm just not a sweet type of person. 
I'm glad we went though, it's one more place to knock off of our list and never return to.This place is definitely one of my favorite restaurants. Any time I want waffles, this is the place to go. I've never had their crêpes but I recommend the Uptown Girl. It's delicious and it's inexpensive; I go almost every weekend!Came here for breakfast on a Friday morning and it was fantastic. The Nespresso tasted great and they had decaf!! I got a chili and cheese waffle which was a daily special and it was perfect - vegetarian chili and not too much, just enough cheese, and the waffle was warm and delicious and not super sweet. My friend got a waffle with strawberries and powdered sugar and it was mouth watering. Everyone was extremely nice and it took about 8-10 minutes for our food to come out, which was great. Loved the tiny place and the ambiance, bar seating facing the outside in front of windows. Will definitely be back!I arrived and was greeted and told where to order. Took the cashier 3-5 to tell me that she would be right with me, she was completing someone's drink order. She explained a menu item to me, chocolate mocha. Made it clear, espresso,  milk, chocolate. Received drink, tasted funny, asked waitress, it was made with soy milk, not a single person mentioned this in the ordering process. She stated the owner wanted the drinks made with soy. Now, I'm not allergic to soy. But caution to this owner, but if someone is, they will assume their drink is made with cows milk. Unless otherwise specified. Waffle:the hangover, delicious. Will return for that. $5.50 for a poorly made drink, no thank you.I like this small place. Mostly seating outside, some bar seating inside. They have sweet and savory waffles. I got the "sunny in holland" savory waffle which is 2 fried eggs on a waffle with hollandaise and it was delicious. The waffle is a bit sweet by it went perfect with the eggs and hollandaise. Coffee is really good.One of my new favorite breakfast places. Close to home and the service is very friendly. Waffles were fluffy and fresh and the syrup made them even more delish. Outside seating was a plus even with the blazing sun on a Sunday. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.I wish I liked this place. Waffles and right by my house what could go wrong?? Unfortunately there was a reason there was no wait and open outdoor tables on a beautiful sunny Sunday brunch when everywhere else was packed. 
First of all, I am surprised no one has mentioned that the waffles are served on paper plates, the waters are in plastic cups (with room temp water and no ice) and the OJ was served jn a plastic bottle (no cup no ice) like the kind I would pick up at a gas station. 
The waffles were....ok? I guess? Actually not really, my brother said his "heart attack" waffle was decent, but my sons plain Jane waffle which was literally a plain waffle with syrup and butter served in Togo plastic containers even though we were eating at the restaurant was undercooked. Very doughy and did not taste good at all. The syrup tasted like it came from the same gas station as the OJ. The woman who brought our food out was pretty unfriendly as well although the man at the register was nice enough.
Such a shame. And besides feeling cheap and weird to be served restaurant food on a dixie plate, it seems so wasteful to serve all dine in customers on disposable plates with disposable syrup and butter containers and disposable cups? We won't be back.Looks can be deceiving. Had the brownie waffle a la mode..... ehhhh it was ok. I only ate 1/4 of it and didn't bother finishing it the next day.  The place is super small and no room for sitting outside of a few tables out front. If you like kosher food i think you'll enjoy it more. It was worth the try but I don't think its worth a second trip.Tiny restaurant, but delicious, with super friendly staff.
We were greeted with a sample of their mint frozen lemonade (I forget the name) before we even ordered at the counter. It was good, but being early on a Sunday morning I required caffeine more than lemon and mint.
After much debate, the hubby & I decided to split a couple of waffles - one sweet (Elvis, the special of the day) and one savory (heart attack). Best decision ever. Both were amazing.
Our daughter had the Uptown Girl and although she couldn't finish it, she enjoyed every bite!
Coffees were good too. We each had a cafe au lait.
I would definitely return, even though this place is completely out of the way for this westbanker.This place is super busy so get there early! There isn't much seating so if your going with a large group be advised. They have a little bar on the inside for seating but most of the seating is outside. The waffles will make you forget about the seating though! Hands down the best waffles I've ever had! The fruits were fresh and so was the OJ. Definitely a must. They're opening a second location on Esplanade with a lot more seating.Great food. Restaurant is tiny, but the staff is welcoming. They have food for both adults and children. They have pizza which the kids loved.LOVE this place!! I don't know how I haven't heard of it since I usually sniff out any place that offers gluten free food - but I'm glad I finally found it!!!
The only seating is a bar with about 15 bar stools, everything else is outside. We went with 6 people and didn't have trouble finding a seat but wish it wasn't so tight. 
They have a great variety of waffle toppings. I got gluten free and it was What dreams are made of. So so good. My family got regular waffles and everyone loved what they got. 
It is a little pricier, but it was good, it filled us up and there was no wait time!!! It's in the cutest little neighborhood and it looks like a place for locals! Will definitely be traveling back here soon!!Let me start by saying the staff was extremely friendly and welcoming. However, our experience was dampened by the absurd prices. Three of us had breakfast and it totaled to $57. Not only was the coffee absolutely terrible, it cost 3.99 a cup. There is barely any seating and the restaurant is counter service. My friends had omelettes that were less than mediocre. I had a sandwich and it was pretty good ... but for $14 and a $4 cup of coffee I would have rather gone to a full service restaurant with great food. There are just so many wonderful delicious places to eat in New Orleans on a budget which makes the prices and the mediocre food here a disappointment.A friend recommended this place so i had to check it out. The red velvet waffle was both beautiful and delicious. I also liked the side breakfast sausages even though they were a big too spicy. My only complaint was that my almond chai latte was really disappointing, it tasted like almond milk diluted with warm water.We stopped in to try out a new place since our regular breakfast restaurant was a bit crowded. This is not a kid friendly place at all- the high chair they handed us was around 3' lower than the bar seating counter. The menu is limited; waffles were nothing to brag about; and there was a charge of $2 per small container of maple syrup... at a waffle restaurant... I wouldn't go back here if it was comped.The food was delicious and filled with flavors! We normally get coffee at the Starbucks a few doors down but we're pleasantly surprised at the quality of Waffles on Maple's coffee. The staff was friendly and we didn't wait long for our order! We will definitely return with friends and try something different on the menu! A true gem!Waffles on Maple was terrible. Seriously. The service was absolutely awful, and the prices are ridiculous! A blueberry waffle, a crabmeat crepe that was made with imitation crab, side salad, and a frozen coffee (The coffee was actually delicious,  but it was 6 ounces of frozen coffee, and 6 ounces of whipped cream in a 12 ounce cup that they charged five dollars for). All said and done...36 after tax and tip. Never again.