Beer taps installed at your table? No Wai! Although its a bit mainstream, this is a decent eatery to get your NoLa adventures started. Cute girls in cheerleading outfits with Cajun accents (Insert Love Emoticon) everywhere. The boom boom shrimp had a bit too much batter, but it was tasty. Crawfish Atchafayala was fantastic though, hearty and succulent and very filling, but i keep thinking about the table taps!! How come this isn't a thing everywhere?! Even on a weekday, it got so crowded at lunch time, we were tempted to ...... walk on .... towards another establishment. Glad we stayed.Horrible service!The waiter asked me what I ordered 3 times...then the manager basically told me that it was my fault that it takes the kitchen over 50 minutes to prepare a to go order of Buffalo tenders and fries. The manager then proceeded to offer me a refund but realized that he could not find my order and eventually had to ask me for my AMEX credit card number in order to refund me. Really disappointing!Good bar food, generous portions, good prices.  Very crowded when we arrived but seated quickly.  Boom-boom shrimp appetizer was great!  Good service.  Fries were cold but the waitress quickly replaced.Hamburgers are ok. Fries were hard. Broccoli was old. I don't recommend this place for the food. There were plenty of screens for sports viewing if that's what you are in to.One word Cajundillas!!! Best quesadillas I've ever had!!! Came in on a Sunday , service was great! We tried the Sweet Chilli Boneless wings, they were good too!The burger was decent, but this place and the people there are just a little too arrogant and full of themselves.  We came in for lunch closer to 1:30, and by 1:50 the place had pretty much cleared out.  We still did not get our food until 2:20, which at that point we had to get our food packaged to go and get back to the office and eat at our desk.  I understand schedules and routines are still being worked out because the establishment is newly opened, but what happened to us isn't far off from what I've heard my friends at LSU say about the location in Baton Rouge.  There are way too many good restaurants in NOLA, and the sports / bar food schtick will wear off.  They'll do fine during football season, that's about it.  If you're in the CBD, stay away from Walk On's.I came in to hopefully watch the Boston Bruins game.  The bartender Jamie was very friendly and helpful to accommodate our wishes! Nice cold beer too!Throughly impressed! I ordered the hang over burger, this is the one with an egg on top! The burger was huge, great flavor, great bun! Our waitress although she was new did a great job! We went on Wednesday night which is half price for college students so for  6 bucks I got a huge burger and a pile of fries! Great place, can't wait to go back!!Walk ons used to have a very good turkey burger, but not anymore. They switched patties and now they are crap. The Mardi Gras Mahi is pretty good. It can take a long time to get service.I had never been inside Walk On's but had ordered their food from Happy's next door before, so this was my first experience actually eating inside the restaurant. A friend and I decided to get a late night bite and the this was the closest place. From the get go, things were off. Let me also preface this by saying that both myself and my friend have been in the service industry before so are generally easy going customers, but this was a really terrible experience.
When we walked in, there was about 5 waitress just standing by the hostess stand. We were told we could seat ourselves at the bar. The actual bar was full, but there are tables in the bar area, so we sat down. My friend went to use the restroom while I was sitting waiting for the waitress. She comes up and asks if I need help. I said we were told to seat ourselves, to which she replied we needed a hostess to seat us. Ok, no problem. I get back up and tell the hostess, who rolls her eyes at the other waitress and sits us at the bar area, but at another table. 
Our waitress seems friendly enough, but then forgets that she hadn't taken our order yet. Ok, no biggie. We're seated by the kitchen, which generally isn't a problem, but the manager and a waitress were arguing right next to our table. At least go in the kitchen!  When my food comes out, it's the wrong thing. The waitress assures me she put it in right and it was the kitchen that messed up. She then turns to me and says that the entire computer system went down so she doesn't know what to do. I just look at her. Ever heard of an actual written ticket? Or, you know, letting a manager know so he can tell the kitchen he needs it on the fly? 20 minutes later when my food still isn't out, I ask for it to go because it's getting late. She apologizes, saying they're slammed (they were maybe when we first walked in, but it's fairly empty now) and asks if she can just bring me a box and do it myself. I dunno why she couldn't just ask the kitchen to do it, but ok. My friend needs a box as well, but never gets it. Instead, she has to go up to the bar and ask the bartender for one. Another 15 minutes later, and my food finally arrives. 
I eat it when I get home and the next day my stomach is acting up. I'm not sure it's from their food, but have a feeling it just might be. Overall, it seems like the waitress was inexperienced, the manager unprofessional, and there is no communication between front and back of house. I would have said something at the time, but it was late, I was tired, and just wanted to get out of there.My first experience was just after it opened and it was horrible. I have it a second chance and I can now say that's it's a solid bar-food-type place.  Buffalo chicken sandwich was pretty good; nice cup of ranch dressing on the side. Buffalo sauce had a kick but not overwhelmingly so. Fries were waffle cut and had a little seasoning to them. Service was peppy with a smile. The food won't blow you away, but I'd you're looking for a decent burger or sandwich, this is the place for you.Had the cajundillas with grits. Both were very tasty. Hubby had the shrimp Po boy, which was also good. Also recommend the berry mojito. Service wasn't stellar, but pretty much what I would expect from a sports bar.Wonderful addition to the CBD!! You won't be dissappointed if you are a sports fan!  
The food is really delicious, but the wait can sometimes be a little long (especially for lunch during the middle of the week)!!We had lunch at Walk-On's twice as we enjoyed it so much. My friend was a huge fan of the mozzarella logs and ordered them two days in a row. The entree salads were phenomenal! They were huge, had many ingredients (not just lettuce and dressing), and everyone raved about their salads.  
The sliders are the way to go - not too small, not too large. The waffle fries are very good and you get a good size portion. The service was fast, attentive, and friendly. Our cocktail drinks were good but not fantastic. Great cocktails are served at the Little Gem Saloon and Tayho's Tavern. Great food is served at Walk-On's. 
I did not give Walk-On's a 5 star as they did not have a gluten-free menu or even gluten-free recommendations as almost every restaurant in NOLA has now. Speaking with a manager, they seemed perplexed I even asked about gluten-free. I ate a side salad, baked potato, waffle fries, and tuna starter over my two visits. I had no issues with the food but educating staff in regards to food allergies would be a plus for this establishment, in my opinion. 
The noise level was loud and there were tv's everywhere. The background music was nice, although contemporary and not local NOLA fare. The wait here at lunch-time is long if you don't get here before noon. We had to wait around 30 minutes each day we visited. 
Our entire group would highly recommend Walk-On's for good food, friendly staff, and fast service. Choose a beer here rather than a cocktail and hit Tayho's Tavern or Little Gem's Saloon for an amazing cocktail experience.One word CROWDED on game day! Fun atmosphere but don't plan on getting drinks or eating in a hurry! 
Food was ok for a sports bar think Hooters BWW 
Nothing to write home about
It's an ok stop but not my favoriteNBA playoffs!!!  My boyfriend and I were excited to spend a whole day drinking, eating and watching basketball. We're heard great things about this place and decided to give it a shot. As we entered we were immediately greeted by a " oh hell fucking naw" and a group of women servers giving us very dirty looks. Had I done something wrong? Was it close to closing? Nope. I was wearing a Lakers jersey and my boyfriend was wearing a Kings jersey. I thought ok I'm used to people not liking the Lakers no biggie. We were seated with an eye roll and headed towards a booth. I asked if we could possibly be closer to the tv (it was pretty empty by the way) and was told no. That's it just no. Sooo out of fear of having my food spit it we got up informed the ladies in the front we were leaving and left. Upon walking out I heard a god damne California people. Which is super disappointing as up until that moment everyone had been nothing but lovely. At no point were we rude, heck we hadn't even started drinking. I will definitely never go back and I hear this is a chain soo in my up coming travels I'll make sure to not only steer away but to let my friends know.Service was great considering it was a game day!! Didn't try the food but it looked and smelled great!Standard sports bar, shrimp wrap was fine, nothing to write home about.  Litre of purple haze for $8.50 was a solid deal though, quite enjoyed that.  Tip - if the restaurant is packed, walk to the side and order a sandwhich to go and sit in the irish pub that's connected to walkons.I love this place. My sister was in town this weekend and I brought her and her boyfriend here  they both loved it. We had the hangover burger which is amazing! The mozzarella logs are great and the waffle cheese fries are my fav! Must try if your in town! Staff is friendly! Overall great place to watch any sport games and have some drinks!Standard pub food. We asked for a cheese burger and fries. The cheese was cheddar that was lightly sprinkled on the patty and almost invisible. Other than that, the burger was cooked to order, the bread was soft and overall it was good. The waffle fries were delicious. 
I'm guessing our waitress was new and if she wasn't - yikes! We asked if they could change one of the TVs to watch the NBA western conference semi-final game and she looked at me puzzled. I said, "NBA" and then "Spurs vs. OKC". She said she'd ask and they changed it right away but she didn't seem to know what NBA was. We also asked for a Dos XX dressed and she questioned dressed. So we explained with salt on the rim and lime. She brought the glasses with salt and she carried small pieces of lime in a paper napkin. Not good. She was sweet, but obviously needed some training on sports and drinks.
Had a good time and the atmosphere was great for game watching.Met up with 3 friend a few weeks ago on a Sunday.  Food was good. The real reason I'm leaving this is for the great service the waitress provided! Her name was Justice and she was on top of her game. You need more waitresses as friendly as her.I knew what i was getting into with this place. Its a Louisiana themed hybrid of Chili's and Hooters. Having been to a Walk-Ons in Baton Rouge, I made peace with that concept.
I was still pretty disappointed with my experience here. We went on a not particularly busy week night, and our waitress was pretty unavailable the whole time. She spoke several times of starting us off with some hushpuppies- we received them about 2/3 through our meal, which in itself took over 45 minutes to get to our table. We also sat at a table that had beer taps, but we were told it was out of order. Waiting for the check took another good 20 minutes. 
This place has been open for awhile, but there was still a general air of newness and lack of cohesion, as if they haven't gotten their act together yet. Surprising especially for the fact that since this is a chain, there is already an established protocol to put in place to manage the restaurant.This location would obviously be a good atmosphere for a sports event. My dad really likes this place is why we came through. He raves about the quesadillas which I will say had pretty good flavor. I got the corn grits and shrimp and corn soup which was tasty as well. The service was good, and the place was really clean.So I'm from Philly and wanted to go to a sports bar, and yahoo said that this place was #1 in America.  For???? I'm here with a bunch of friends and we had to ASK to have certain games on as they only wanted the Saints.  What place calls it a 'sports bar' and only shows the one game?  To top that off they kept switching the tv we were watching.  The food was standard at best, boneless wings are more chicken pieces with sauce on them and the po'boy very bland.  My advice: find somewhere else to goMy friends and I sat around here for about two hours early on a Saturday afternoon. The most unique and awesome thing about this place is the beer on tap right at your high-top table. Just help yourself. The tap at my table was broken though and kept on counting ounces as if the tap were on the whole time. We ended up just paying by the glass. As a side note, the tap read 650 ounces by the time we left. That would have been 54 beers! 
The food was great. I ordered the equavalent of the bacon wrapped shrimp, although they were called something else. As an entrée, they were served on a bed of corn grits. I don't know what that bed of corn grits was exactly, but it was good, and tasted like a mix between grits and corn pudding. The shrimp were huge! Shaved jalapeno came on top of them. I tried the fried alligator bites and they were great too.My turkey burger with waffle fries were really good. I was really happy with the way the turkey was cooked. The waffle fries were perfectly crispy and have a cajun seasoning on top. I have no real complaints for this meal. 
The service was good. The food took a little bit of time to come out.Came here to watch TNF in November. The staff was nice, there are ample TV's, and I liked my food. The Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding is probably one of the best desserts I've eaten!This place came in handy for a late night dinner run, Fortunately it was only a couple of blocks from our hotel and they were open until 11. Restaurants in the downtown area are all fairly walkable, but at that time of night you're a little limited on where to go. 
I visited this place twice on my visit to New Orleans. It's your typical bar food establishment offering burgers, wings, sandwiches, etc. they also had a few pasta choices and wraps on the menu. I can't say I was looking for something out of the ordinary when I stopped in. I should preface my review by saying on both visit I ordered to-go. My visits were more so out of convenience and familiarity if anything. However I did find one unique offering I absolutely wanted to try.
This place offers a dessert called the Krispy Kreme bread pudding. It's as delicious as it sounds. I thought it would be cloyingly sweet, but to my pleasant surprise it was actually not overly sweet. It was worth the experimental venture and it's the one thing on the menu I'd recommend for sure. 
The other items I sampled included the Hangover burger, mozzarella logs and boneless wings. I feel like these items were pretty standard to any bar type American style food joint. The Hangover burger looked good, but the egg was a little underdone for my liking. I'll admit I had to nuke it a bit in the microwave once I got back to my hotel. The mozzarella logs were pretty much bigger versions of mozzarella sticks. They were crispy and the cheese was nice and melted. I'd say that the marinara sauce provided could use a little more pizazz though. The boneless wings weren't anything out of the ordinary. I took a gamble on getting them from another Yelper's review. I'm more of a traditional bone-in wings type of gal. I can't say they were as delicious as posted, but they were good. 
The food alone would've given this place a 3 star recommendation. The staff is what added the extra star. On my first visit we had come in pretty close to closing time. However the two hostesses/waitresses up front were very accommodating and took our order quickly and with the brightest smiles. They didn't skip a beat with helping us decide on their menu recommendations and with any questions we had being first timers there. It was nice to walk in and receive that kind of service so close to closing time. 
All in all this is a pretty decent place to go downtown. When you need something quick, filling and available especially during late night hours I'd recommend this place.It's a typical sports bar with the similar food and drinks. They do have New Orleans inspired food but I didn't try any since I went for a burger. I had the hangover burger which was good and the waffle fries were delicious especially with the cheese sauce. The service was ok....waitress basically disappeared after we placed our orders and took a long time to take the payments.If you are in a hurry stay away from this one. The hostesses were not friendly at all, acted as though we were bothering them.  Took us 45 minutes to be seated due to the fact that they were understaffed. What restaurant, especially a sports bar in the middle of March Madness doesn't have their place fully staffed??  
The Food
Started off the meal with fried pickles. They were pretty tasty.  They were not incredibly hot (temp) like most fried pickles that you get from everywhere else that you leave with a sore mouth because you could not wait to eat them.  This should have been a pre-curser to what was to come. All of our food came out lukewarm at best. I had some waffle fries with my Boom Boom Shrimp PoBoy sandwich, the first two were warm and good but they got colder as I ate more.  The soup that was brought was also lukewarm.  
My advice for what it is worth.
Keep walking down the road. I spoke to two of the managers (after I paid for the food) and told them that they need to check the food coming out of the kitchen because it was coming out cold. They said they would but here is hoping. Could be a really neat place to dine. They need to retrain the wait staff, give happy juice to the hostesses and have the managers go to each of the tables and check on the patrons that are keeping them open. Just my thoughtsFirst time in New Orleans wanted to experience different foods and locations. While riding on one of the Trollies one of their advertisements caught my attention. Walk-On's a restaurant partially owned by Drew Brees the Saints QB. For appetizers ordered the Tuna Tini. Comes with Cole slaw. Delicious a must have. Ordered a Shrimp and Corn soup, my wife and I really enjoyed it. Has just the right amount of spice kick. For the final dish we ordered the Bayou Pasta. Very good high grades. Has lightly battered Shrimp and Includes Crawfish. Man it was good. Location is in a decent area and appearance inviting. Friendly environment and service. Would visit again next time in town and recommend for others.My first visit was a few weeks ago and I must say, the service and food was amazing. The employees were very amicable and even gave me waffle fries, free of charge, when I asked for sweet potato fries on different occasions. 
It's a friendly-based atmosphere and quite comfortable to relax and watch sportsPortion size is great. Enough for two to share. Prices are good, variety of options and food was tasty. Miranda provided great service.One of the worst grilled chicken  sandwiches I've ever had. The cheese sticks were good.  Service was pretty bad.Nice sports bar with plenty of TV's. I came to watch a playoff game and was promptly seated. The waitress was great. We ordered the wings, which were  good. I had the gumbo. This was probably the worst part of the night, it was bland and tasteless. I also tried the burger of the month. It was a tad dry and need some seasoning. Overall good place to watch the game, but the food needs improvement.Cold food, tough menu, and long wait when it wasn't busy. Servers were very nice and did their best despite a poor team supporting them. 2 appetizers took 45 minutes and I'm pretty sure they were microwaved. Not recommended!Not happy with the service at all! The food was not great. They made a small attempt, at best, to remedy the cold/undercooked food issue. A sincere attempt to remedy the situation would have made a BIG difference. The manager seemed to be mildly interested in solving our issue. Service is important!This is a great place to watch a game. Just don't order any food. Our queseaux took forever and was thick and lukewarm. An order of hush puppies was burned. And the service was lacking, slow and forgetful. Skip the food at this place.First time at Walk On's was earlier tonight and the food was really good. I split a starter of the BBQ chicken fries which were pleasing, nice and spicy. Moved on to the blackened mahi mahi with sweet potatoe fries and again was rather pleased.
I wasn't happy about the wait.  I couldn't understand exactly why there was an entire second floor of table seating and people were waiting for over an hour. Seems like a waste of opportunity, but perhaps that's why i'm not a manager there.
Our waitress was really nice and prompt, kept the drinks refilled and checked in on the table in good fashion. 
Good proportions of food but you should never be leaving a sports bar after eating and still have room anyway. Thats just not right.
I hear it's a great place to go on (Saints) game day, but there's a $10 dollar charge at the door to get in (which i'm against) but that $10 goes towards food or drinks once you get in, so whatever, i just don't like the idea of people taking my money at the door of a bar just to get in.I decided to go to Walk-On's for lunch since it is walking distance from work and I had the lunch special.  The place was packed, so the food took a while to arrive.  I had a filet of red fish, topped with crawfish étouffée over rice with a dinner roll.  I had an Arnold Palmer with mostly lemonade and less iced tea to wash it all down.  The meal was enjoyable except for a part of the red fish that had a bitter taste.  This was probably caused when the fish was cleaned and the bladder may have been cut and some of the contents drained onto the fish.Good service, no lines/wait. Came here a little after noon for Sunday football. Lots of big tv's. Attentive server (Leah). Decent prices and average portions. Would recommend.Ahi tuna wrap and corn grits were tasty.  A different variation of traditional sports pub food and great atmosphere for gamesTerrible service. Multiple orders came out wrong, the food was overly salty. Burgers were overcooked & had clearly been sitting under the warmer for a while. Had a couple bites and that was all I could eat. Would never recommend this place.If I tell you this place is awesome it is. I ate my appetizer before picks but it was the Devil's Horseback. Stuffed bacon wrapped shrimp. My meal was the cajundillas. Different and good. Have to go to this spot if in town.Good food, but the servers and management were terrible. During the sweet 16 games, they were blaring the LSU baseball game over the radio and on a few TV's. Management and the servers off duty were sitting behind us and we extremely obnoxious. They got up every five minutes and walked behind the bar and poured multiple shots and went to the kitchen.Heard great things about this place so I was bit disappointed.
I was there just to watch playoff baseball (Go Tigers!!!) and the bar was full, so I was seated in a booth close to one of the TVs.  Only thing I ordered to eat was Fried Pickles with Jalpenos.  It was excellent!  Perfect appetizer dish to share; portion was large.
The service can be bit more prompt.  The hostesses were worthless.  I ended up with three different waitresses throughout the night and all were average.  Then stopped by but barely.  Drink prices were reasonable.  
Not sure I'd return unless it was with group of people who specifically wants to go.We stopped by Walk Ons before a night out in New Orleans and while the restaurant is in a great location, the experience was fairly hit and miss.  Arriving on a weeknight to a mostly empty dining room, our group was seated right away as the waitress pushed together a few empty tables near the entrance.  
For our appetizers we ordered a couple plates of Alligator, both fried and grilled in a Cajun rub, along with an order of fried pickles.  The alligator was delicious, especially the Cajun rubbed, which was very tender with the right balance of spices.  The same cannot be said about the pickles. These were sliced way too thin, and coated with an incredibly salty batter that overpowered any minuscule piece of pickle that could be found. It was akin to eating a plate of fried salt. 
The main courses were standard chain restaurant quality, with some Southern influences and huge portions. I really enjoyed the Catfish Atchafalaya although the richness of the crawfish sauce became too much near the end of the dish. 
Walk Ons wouldn't be on any "Must Try" lists if I'm in New Orleans again, but behind the excellent alligator appetizer I could see myself stopping by for a quick bite and drink.They tried to rush us out 30 minutes before closing and started cursing loudly when my boyfriend and I were the only customers left. Waffle fries were super salty. Double bacon cheeseburger was a nice size. They were out of the bacon wrapped shrimp entrees. She told me they always ran out of stuff which I still don't understand how if they know they sell a lot of something... why don't they prepare more.Downtown New Orleans is an experience in itself. Located a block from the hotel I stayed at, next to another bar. 
Interesting place, good selection of beer on tap. They have table seating in the bar area with taps, self service. I like it. 
Waitress and bartenders were all friendly, service was good. Spend a couple hours at the location. 
Food was your average bar food, nothing to write home about. The boudin balls were spot on however. 
Anyway, if you find yourself thirsty, stop on by.I am from Florida and I was in town for the George Waters concert. I was was hungry so I called my brother and he recommended this place. I called ahead to see what the wait time was and I spoke with a girl named chance very nice. I got there and was seated promptly. I was most impressed by my waitress (the reason why I am writing this review). Her name is Deja I think. I was very polite and made sure I was taken care of. True example of customer service. She recommended the pulled pork sandwich wit was amazing. I couldn't thank Deja enough. As the owner of a medical Corporation I like to give credit where credit is due. If Deja is not already a manager she should be one. Thanks again I will be back.Ok food if you like everything fried but the staff are all overweight and horrible attitudes. Actually I kinda find that true with most NOLA restaurants.Let me start by saying that this place should be renamed "walk outs" because after twenty minutes of no service and the terrible hostesses and waitresses that stare at you with blank looks on their faces that say "I don't get it"... We walked out. 
It started out by us going to the bar area and no one serving us or telling us we had to be seated. So we ask the hostess if we can sit in same spot because the place was not that busy and the hostess proceeds to give us this excuse about why we have to wait even longer because the waitress for that area is on break. Last I checked, the customer kept this place open and should be seated regardless. She should've at least made something up... Because that excuse just pissed me off. So then we are told we can sit at the bar.... We sit and wait for ten minutes. Airhead bar tender gave us menus and then never even took our drink order. We decided then we wasted enough of our lives there.... And walked out. The place didn't look that great anyway....  I would sum it up as a cheap sporty version of hooters. Same airhead waitstaff and skimpy cheerleader outfits. At least at hooters, they all chip in to provide service and you wouldn't wait for a beer. Definitely not recommended.... Looks like a good spot because of its location but you are better off walking to bourbon street in the rain. At least you know what you will get there.I went here on my last full night on my New Orleans trip. I was ready to watch the Sunday night game and my cousin was eager to have me try gator for the first time. While I told him I was the gator was good it was a taste that I couldn't get adjusted too, and after awhile it became too much. Despite not loving the wrap, I really liked the place. 
I think the best part of WalkOns is the placement of TVs. While it's not the biggest sports bar they do a great job of covering all angles with TVs without seeming overcrowded. They covered every site line and it just made me wonder what it would've been like to watch games here on Sunday. Decent selection of beers and the bartenders were friendly and made sure we were taken care of.What a disorganized place. Long waiting, lots of empty tables, staff poorly functioning as a team. Food did not live up to expectations. Only bad experience in New Orleans. What else can I say.Great food, reasonable prices, fun atmosphere, and the best bread pudding I have ever had. Be sure to end your dinner with the Krispy Kreme bread pudding.....ask for ice cream ;-)Best food we've had in NOLA so far!  Blackened chicken sandwich was extremely flavorful and tender.  We had the Boom Boom shrimp which was good but the highlight was the Zydeco salad.  Absolutely delicious!We showed up on a Sunday to watch some NFL football (and your Saints during an away game, Drew) on one of the many TVs with games on. All the games we wanted to see were on which is great. When we sat down to our table, our drink and app order was taken. From then on, we were made to feel pressured to order a next course over and over again. The whole time we felt as if we were being rushed. We simply wanted to sit, have drinks and watch football. In the meantime, two of our drink orders were messed up. After about an hour, our waitress informed us her shift was over and we needed to close out. So we did. After that, we were never waited on again. No mind whether we wanted any more food or drinks. There was a shift change so tough titties. Not a great experience at all. It wasn't even that busy. I will not be back any time soon.tried the bayou shrimp pasta. Plenty of sauce. Came out hot and quickly.  Sauce not as flavorful as i would like. Wanted a bit more cajun seasoning/spice. Shrimp on top was good tho.First "tummy tickler" in my hometown. Awesome spread for lunch, this is a fav spot of mine!  Great atmosphere and the staff... can you say "YAzzzzzz" ~ 1 thing missing - #DREWBREES .Food was great and more affordable than most other places. We ate here twice on our trip. The boneless wings, shrimp po' boy, cookie sundae, and krispy kreme bread pudding were all very good. Our waitresses were friendly. I don't understand why they have like 5 girls standing at the door though....My friends and I sat around here for about two hours early on a Saturday afternoon. The most unique and awesome thing about this place is the beer on tap right at your high-top table. Just help yourself. The tap at my table was broken though and kept on counting ounces as if the tap were on the whole time. We ended up just paying by the glass. As a side note, the tap read 650 ounces by the time we left. That would have been 54 beers! 
The food was great. I ordered the equavalent of the bacon wrapped shrimp, although they were called something else. As an entrée, they were served on a bed of corn grits. I don't know what that bed of corn grits was exactly, but it was good, and tasted like a mix between grits and corn pudding. The shrimp were huge! Shaved jalapeno came on top of them. I tried the fried alligator bites and they were great too.Surprisingly some of the best NOLA food in NOLA.  The alligator bites were the best we had in town, the cheese logs enormous, the catfish so delish!  The server was adorable and helpful wit menu suggestions and was spot on with her suggestions.Service was horrible!! Only giving them 2-stars because of the mgr. First, it took almost 45 mins for my food to come out. Once my food came out, it was not freshly hot. Felt like it had been sitting in the back for at least 10 mins or so. Wife order a cajun ribeye steak & it was also not pipping hot like a steak should. Once we received our food, I ask the server to bring some tarter sauce...well needless to say, I watched her grab 2 sets of drinks & another parties food all without my tarter sauce. I then grabbed the mgr who was very nice & professional & explained to him about my experience. He then apologized & promised to make it right (which he took 25% off our bill). Luckily, I love this restaurant which may be only reason I give them another try but if I receive the same service again, I wont ever return the next time.I came here once after I moved here and didn't know any better. The food, while good, is not great. It is a chain in a touristy area; that's all. I do love bar food, but I've definitely had better and I can find it somewhere else in New Orleans. The service wasn't bad, albeit slow.
The only good thing about this place is the table beer taps. For the price, though, I'd rather someone else poor my beer and get way better food.I came here last night with my boyf. and two other couples. I got here a little earlier than the meeting time. I put my namee down for a table of 6 and sat at the bar. It was packed. The only reason I got a seat at the bar was because a kind gentleman, who had finished his drink, gave up his seat for me. 
I ordered a Long Island iced T... delish! I was expecting a $10 drink but to my lovely surprise it was only $6.50. So, what the heck? I ordered another... then I added a shrimp cocktail to my mix. Mmmm... waiting is expensive. Finally, the rest of my party arrived and not too long after, we were called to be seated. 
What I loved about this place was the ambience. Everyone was having a great time and enjoying themselves. The appetizers were awesome. We had some hot boneless wings, some loaded fries and fried pickles/jalapeños. 
The only bad thing that I could nag about is the service, but even then I don't think it would be fair for me to talk about that. My server was really busy and I had to ask her for water about 4 or 5 times before she brought it over... at the end of my meal. Oh, and also, don't get the shrimp with bacon. Not good. The bacon was bad really fatty. I had to take the bacon off to eat it. Even still, the sauce that it came with wasn't settling well with my stomach. I had to wipe off the sauce and try dipping it in cocktail sauce. 
Overall, I enjoyed my experience here. Oh! and I almost forgot to mention, there is complimentary valet! How convenient! That was probably one of my favorite things about this place. Check it out!Hire some girls with brains and not just because they're 16 and look cute in a referee outfit! Dropped by one Saturday afternoon and asked one of the bimbos at the front desk if they would be showing the UFC fight that night. She said they would so we went back later and of course they weren't. Asked another girl if they could turn one of the many tv's in there to the fight (it was on a free channel NOT ppv) and she was so confused as if I asked her what the Pythagorean theorem was. I asked to speak to the manager but bf was fed up and wanted to leave so we did. Found a REAL sports bar called American Sports Saloon with adult waitstaff that let us watch UFC and we could have an intelligent conversation with.One of the worst sports bars I have ever been to, if not the worst! 
The service was terrible. It took 10+ min to get a beer. We asked multiple times to get a football game on one of the multiple tvs and the waitress (Micah) had no idea what we were talking about. Finally the hostess changed the station on one of the TVs after another customer wanted the same game. There are no pitchers of beer on Sundays (WTF). They don't serve normal mixed drinks unless they are served as doubles and cost $20. They lost my beer one time and the other three beers came so late to our table and the waitress who delivered them had no idea where they were supposed to go or what type of beer she was carrying. This place is pathetic.
Don't recommend this place to anyone.you knwo what - it works - it's a sports bar with a good menu and snappy service - plate of crawdad's was delish and apps were great. beer is cold and main menu is typical fare with some nola twists. great for a group idf you're looking for a place to hang, but also has solo room at the barWell where do I start with this horrible experience! We decided to patronize this location because we had visit it three days prior to today's date. We ordered the nachos and was very very disappointed with the quality of the nachos versus the first time we ordered the exact appetizer. The nachos were dry no cheese at all. The ingredients were somehow missing from this plate of nachos. We advised the waitress who seem to be very apologetic and said that all of the staff had disappeared and decided to come back to work on today's date and I guess it was with vengeance. After a total disappointment with the nachos we question the waitress asked her to return  these nachos and give us a new order her response after coming from the kitchen was I was told no and bought me out additional cheese. After dealing with this foolishness for a short time we requested to speak with the manager named Emily. Emily advise that she was so sorry and that's not their policy to not bring out new nachos and compt our bill for seven dollars. Money is not an object here the fact of the matter is this restaurants refused to give us new nachos and said no they could not do that it was only after the manager came out that we were offered new nachos and comp Our bill. 
 you are a day late and a dollar short we will not be returning to this location!!!!!The shrimp & corn grits are delicious. This a neighborhood spot, so it's a casual spot.Edited 6/23/18 - Someone hated on me about my review and while my original opinion stays I have edited my review for clarity and changed from 1 stars to 2.
Not my type of place because the waitresses wear little cheerleader uniforms. but in ads i saw in the city it looked like a normal family sports bar like a fridays or something. I am from oot and didn't realize this was the shtick here. Not my scene. No big deal tho! This is just one review. Best wishes to them and of course wear whatever you would like in your own restaurant... I just feel the ads I saw for the restaurant should have cheerleaders dressed skimpy if that is the shtick - then we would all know. No biggie. But that is the reason that I didn't enjoy the place. 
That being said many people like this place and it seems like a solid place with great staff and dependable solid food. Clean as a whistle and running like a well oiled machine. Service was prompt and professional. Shared a po boy. Give it a try.REally want to give them 2 stars at least....food is average, service is overwhelmed a bit incompetent but about what you would expect from a place like this on busy evening before a Pelicans game.  But the $6.50 price for a draft beer put that rating arrow right down to one star!  I ACTUALLY thought it would be smart to get a "to-go" beer here before going to the arena where you spend about $8.000 (without a tip as that's not custom at the nacho stand in The Smoothy King center).  So I wait an extra long time for the bartender to notice me...buy the beers and pay the 6.50 WITH a tip, now about 8.00....I should have just gone to the arena.   I had food there on another occasion for lunch (no beers) and it's about average.  Service that time was still slow and the server was confused about everything but she was cute and tried to be nice...but had to go through the whole blond ditsy girl act.  annoying.   Overall not worth the price...beer prices going close to $10.00 for premium beers is outrageous.  This place is busy because of location and not really for their food or drin specials....and there are a ridiculous amount of tv's all at high decibels...and the whole atmosphere is of a chain restaurant/bar.  But the prices do not reflect that.We are in town for a work conference and dropped in for lunch, I am pleasantly surprised the food was great a very diverse menu we were able to please 9 different tastes.   
The service was quick and the food was really tasty.  I'd definitely come back and recommend to others.Stopped in for a quick dinner one night and had a good time.  Good food and drinks, kind of a fine line between sports pub with attractive staff in form fitting outfits and breastaurant, but people of both sexes seemed to be comfortable here.  Had a really tasty catfish smothered with a crawfish etoufee, another occasion had a good burger.  Walking distance from the hotel.  Thumbs up.We stopped here for dinner to avoid the French Quarter area because we were already beat and didnt want all the hoopla. Thank God we found this place because it was quiet and the food was delicious. I order the Cajundillas-Quesadilla stuffed with chicken, Andouille sausage, boudin, caramelized onions & jack cheese. Served with a side of red beans & rice and it was scrumptious. I know I was hungry but the food hit the spot very nice. Our waitress was cool and friendly. The place wasnt that crowded for a Sunday night. The bathrooms were clean and I enjoyed this spot a lot and would definitely return.Good service, slow kitchen, pretty good burgers and waffle fries. 
The food comes out a little too slowly for it to be a regular lunch place.  However, if I had time, I'd watch a game here.Chairs and benches are hard wood.  Not very comfortable if you want to watch a game.  The shrimp appetizer was too salty.  The spinach and avocado dip was good.  Our waitress closed out our tab at the end of her shift and we never saw another server.  Decided to leave and watch the rest of the game in our hotel.Food is very good, and the staff is really nice. I only had to wait 30 minutes to be seated. But that's only because it's really busy with a concert going on at the Superdome really soon. No worries for me on that part. Patience is a virtue, afterall. If it's not so busy, I can watch some games on one of two of the many tv's they have in the building.Very disappointing, such a popular place and have heard many positives on the Baton Rouge, LA location, but the Poydras location was terrible, service was terrible, we never received a napkin, we were constantly looking for our waitress, we ordered a desert, but never got the first napkin. We ordered coffee to drink, since we had been caught in the rain. Apparently the coffee was poured from a pot that was no longer turned on, because it was tepid at best!! Thank goodness a member of the mgmt team came by to see if everything was ok, we were able to tell her we needed our check, because our waitress was scarce, throughout the short time we were there. Since we did not eat dinner there, can't speak to the food. However we did not order the extra hair my daughter found in her soda. But I will not be going back, too risky. Save your money!! So many other great places in the area..We went in late on a Sat. evening. Waited on pretty quickly but had issues with our order. No mustard after specifically requesting it. Trouble with mixed drink hubby ordered. Instead of just saying they couldn't make it they "winged it" and well it wasn't very good. However onion string app was delicious and more than enough to share with 3 to 4 people. I think the food is probably consistent which is good even if service is a bit slow. Regular bar drinks are probably no problem especially when games at Dome are going on. Overall, we would probably go back if we are staying in the vicinity.