Everything we ordered was amazing. Honey shrimp, tuna roll and the shrimp tempura roll are all a must. I'm glad we went. Fast and friendly service. I will definitely return when I come back to the fabulous city of New Orleans.The best place for sushi anywhere near downtown.  Good specials.been twice now. Staff isn't super nice, they insisted we sit at a two top when there was only one other group in the restaurant. Sushi is decent, good price, good location but I was a little disappointed on my 2nd visit that the eel was burnt.Had to have some sushi while staying in New Orleans.  It was worrisome to consider such a task being from out of town, and Sushi is win loose, no in between.  Win, win...  Great service great cuts of fish, and lots of great takes on eel.  If visiting NOLA from out of town and are worried about getting fresh Sushi, worry no longer -- Its here.Not sure why there's so little love for this place. Maybe you can get better or cheaper sushi uptown, but you're not uptown, are you? They're not always right on the spot with greeting guests on a slow night, but (as a highly critical service industry professional) I find the service acceptable, the price reasonable, and the food better than expected for Frenchmen Street. On my last visit I ordered a tuna avocado roll, a scallop appetizer, and a beef and onion appetizer, and the chef put everything out in the unequivocally correct order with excellent timing.I've eaten here twice. The first was for dinner -meh. The second was for lunch and it was really good. 
During dinner we started w a mussels appetizer - didn't taste fresh and it was kind of expensive. Everything else was alright but I left thinking I wouldn't go back until I had tried lots of other similar places in the city. 
Today I went back for lunch. I got teriyaki chicken and tempura (yes I know boring order but the bento box style lunch specials aren't that adventurous). It was good! Exactly what I expected. My dining partner got the wasabi shrimp and it was dank. We also split a crunchy salmon roll. Fresh n tasty. I bought the roll and my bento box and spent 21.75. I also had a bunch of leftover chicken and rice to eat later. 
The atmosphere was weird...kinda smelly and with no music and only two other people in there at noon. BUT whatever the food came out fast and it was good.Better than Ninja and Kyoto, by my estimation. I had the eel roll and yellowtail roll. Friendly service and cool digs. But you shouldn't listen to me too much because I don't know squat about sushi.I see people complaining about the price here, but I don't get it. Some of the rolls (the dynamite comes to mind) are absurdly cheap, on the order of $4.50. The dynamite is also very tasty (though I might like it even a bit hotter, but that's what wasabi is for). The specialty rolls are also good, and I'm sad to think that when I leave NOLA I won't be able to immediately track down a Frenchman roll.
The Yakisoba is also a good deal, though for $11 I'd like a little more food.
Regardless, this place is a good deal, with fair prices, good service, and good food.Good sushi! Tried the LSU, assassin and a few others.  All very good! Staff is very friendly!I eat here a lot because its close by.  The sushi I've had is mediocre to poor.  The quality that other sushi places have just isn't there. They deliver though, so they've got that going for them.I came in at 8pm on a Thursday night. The lounge was virtually empty and the restaurant was about half full, although most were already eating. I ordered the honey shrimp appy and some sushi rolls. The appy was good but after a 45 minute wait, the rolls were not quite as good as your average mall food court serves. If you want better, (and much faster), go to the deli section at your local grocery store! It will likely be better !!!The place is quiet and low lit. The food quality is really good. The bar has a nice selection of alcohol.Ordered. Quick app and beer while deciding on my to go order.  Great food and great attentive service.  Thank you Talia.Great food. We had a rainbow roll, a veggie roll, a cucumber roll, and we enjoyed their yokasoba! Oh wait we also had a tofu steak which was great! 
Service was slow especially since they were not that packed. But our server did a great job answering our questions. At the end of the night he even put our saki in a to go cup! Who does that haha. Yes you will love this place so check it out.We love this place! Great food always & the service was great as well. The NOLA roll is spectacular & the prices are just right!Sushi was OK. I kind of expected more from a restaurant right by the water, but it was not bad, and not too pricey. We also used a Groupon to order the Honey Shrimp, which was tasty but a little heavy.Updating my review because I've been having a Wasabi summer this year.. While perhaps not the most exciting food you'll ever try, Wasabi has been overall consistent and good over the past few months. No weird odors anymore. It's a solid bet when in the area.Weak and overpriced!
I guess being that this is in the Marigny, your sushi options are severely limited.  That being said, I'd rather drive my way out to the other side of town (Uptown) and get sushi there...
We had tofu steak, seaweed salad, squid salad, Phoenix roll, super crunchy roll, cucumber roll, white tuna sushi, tuna sushi, tuna tataki sushi, salmon sushi, and yaki udon....$90!!!!!!!!  !_!
The Phoenix roll was interesting, it's like a rice paper roll basically; Super crunchy roll was oily and greasy..yummy fried tempura flakes...
Frenchman scallops...$7.95!!!  Pitiful plate for that price - just three slightly larger than quarter size scallops on a bed of greens with tons of butter/oil and garlic.....tasty but sadly not enough to share with four girls....
To sum it up:  the more plates set down...the sadder it got...for the price we were paying..damn!  No way....i can't believe it...so disappointed.  =(  
Take a look at the company website:  http://wasabinola.com/index.htmlNot worth a visit. Sushi chef was outside smoking when we walked up and I did not see him wash his hands when he came behind the sushi bar. Then we got attitude form the staff when we asked to sit at the sushi bar (we like to watch them make the sushi) AFTER we ordered I saw the sushi chef put his iphone on the cutting board where he was cutting the fish. He pushed buttons on the iphone (I assume to read a message) and with the same hand reached in and pulled out a handful of fish to make a roll YUCK. We ordered 4 rolls and only got 3. Sushi itself tasted flavorless and plain.  The yellowtail tasted like they had smeared butter on it to make it shiny. Will NEVER go back.  Too many good restaurant in to waste a meal here.Not sure what has happened over the years but this place has gone so downhill. The food is decent at best. Not spectacular by any means but decent and Convenient to where u live, which is why it took 3 bad experiences in a while row for me to write a bad review. 1st experience- food was not fresh. Sushi was kind of warm and tempura was kind of cold. Chalked it up to a bad say... 2nd- food a little better but waited 10 minutes before even seeing an employee. Lunch for 1 person- 90 minutes. Okay, I won't go back when time is limited. 3rd visit- place is empty with exception of 2 diners looking around for their server. I waited 5 months minutes before re- entering thinking the bell would be heard by someone... Anyone. Nope 12:45 in Friday mind you. Then, we all yelled "hello" "anyone here?" Nada! Diners clinked glasses with chopsticks... My party left. a saw a waiter look out the front door as I was getting into my car!Wasabi is a cozy little place to eat sushi just outside of the quarter.
I didn't go and order anything out of this world, but I won't bore you.  I will say that the staff was nice and that the romantic atmosphere makes for a great date place.  You are going to pay a few extra bucks, because it's close to the quarter, and they can do that, but it's a good place to pass through, every once in a whileI can't believe Wasabi has an average of three stars. What Japanese restaurant in NOLA is better? I've tried quite a few and NOTHING comes close to Wasabi on Frenchman. The stuffed mushrooms were so good I licked the plate, I'm not even joking and I wasn't even drunk (although the rose they have there is quite delicious I must mention). The frenchman roll may just be one of the tastiest damn things I've ever had the pleasure of putting in my mouth. I don't even know what the names of the other rolls were, we had to play eenie meenie minie moe in order to choose from the extensive selection of food-gasm inducing goodies. In fact, the food was so good, despite not seeing one another for over six months, my friend and I ceased talking and and slipped into a Sushi Trance, broken only by the waitress coming over to ask us if everything was alright. Great service. Amazing food. Don't let the three stars put you off, it's all five for me.Well.. I read the reviews before coming here and they weren't great but thought I would check it out anyway.. As soon as I walked in some very disgruntled customers (locals) were having an 'F-you' argument with the owner about him screwing up their order again.. Not exactly a good first impression and the owner (manager?) didn't handle it in a professional manner at all. I was wanting to order a chicken dinner but with no veggies AND no possible substitutions it was going to be around $25 for what I really wanted so I thought value wise it was not worth it. I opted for 2 appetizers instead. Edamame and Shumai. Both decent but the Shumai could have been hotter. All in all I think its a good little spot with some management issues.unable  to seat a group if 15 when it  was not busy does not take reservations.  BAD ATTITUDE FROM BARTENDER and wait staff.  Did not get seated after waiting while they complained about having to move tables.  So many other options in the area.Weird place. Always empty. Saw cockroaches crawling around the sushi bar. Best bet is to head around the corner to Royal Sushi.After several pleasant-to-just-OK visits, Wife wanted to go there last evening early.
Had softshell crab roll, Frenchmen roll, & "tempura" calamari.
All three were just awful.  
The crab was tiny and had been fried long before.  
Frenchman roll was bland.  
The worst was the "tempura" "calamari"; just like trying to ear greasy, doughy, partially-cooked rubber bands.  No local squid here, it was a Jules Verme monster from the Pacific, likely pre-breaded, surely frozen.  This was the worst "calamari" we have ever seen; and, that is not an exaggeration. 
A self-proclaimed Japanese restaurant is obligated to know the difference between TEMPURA and greasy "panko" frying.
Strike this one from my list.
RickBest Sushi place I've been to in New Orleans! Friendly and quick service which I love. The fish always tastes fresh. The fresh clams are to die for. Sashimi dinner is fairly priced and always worth my time. If they have the stuffed jalapeño appetizer while you are there, indulge. This is an all around great restaurant !its all good sitting at the bar (sushi or booze). 
i'm a regular (bimonthly) and have never been disappointed.  
its not the largest selection or the cheapest prices, but it wins points because it is close enough to bike to, the servers are friendly, and the food is tasty.I've had some really great meals here, with surprisingly fresh sushi and sashimi. The marigny roll is usually on the "specials" menu, but it's really great. The seaweed salad is really good here too!What is going on. I eat here several times a month last night a friend and I went . We were the only customers. Both entrees were incorrect the waiter made no effort to correct the problem and it took forever to get the check..Three stars is as three stars does!
The front bar area is more inviting than I'd expect in a Japanese restaurant. At first glance, kind of divey, but it's actually rather nice, really dark, with metal accents and a long bar (empty the night we ventured in, which is not a problem for me. I love empty bars). The dining room is dominated by a long sushi bar and a good amount of tables in the open space. I like the ambiance just fine. 
They have a good selection of sake cocktails and infused sakes, too. I do not drink sake, but if you do, you'll be pretty happy here. My glass of red wine was drinkable, but it's rare that I don't order a second glass, so take that as you will. 
To be honest, if they had even a couple more options for non fish/meat eaters, I'd give 'em four stars, because my vegetable roll was delish, but other than that roll, edamame, miso soup and a tofu steak app, there's virtually nothing here for vegetarians (all soups are marked as having fish or chicken stock). 
It's walking distance from my house so anytime I've got a craving for a veg roll, I'll hit 'em up. But it's not as good as Origami on Freret, nor Hoshun on St. Charles as far as options go for the veg set.I gave Wasabi a 3, but only because I couldn't give it a 3 and 1/2. It's not quite a 4, but not less than a 3. Unlike Thuy N. who gave Wasabi a horrible review, I am a former NOLA resident and not a California sushi snob. 
The fish is always fresh and prepared mostly in a traditional Japanese fashion. There are some really interesting special rolls, like the Money roll and the  French Quarter roll which are very good, but they are bit pricey.  The sashimi is usually pretty good as well. I try to avoid the place on Friday and Saturday nights because it can get quite busy before the shows on Frenchman St, but overall worth the trip.The best sushi I have had in the Cresent City.  The quantity, quality, and cost make it the best value here or comparing to Dallas!  Very casual atmosphere yet fine Asian dining.  The sushi bar is well designed.  WIll haver to go back and sit at the bar and watch istead of the table.Extremely good - excellent menu  and great food.  The service is very attentive and atmosphere is lively, interesting and comfortable all at the same time.a gem of a sushi shack in the marigny.  ok, it's not a shack, but it's dark and low ceiling-ed and cave-like inside.  good for romantic dinners.
the sushi is fresh and the best quality i have had in nola.  it is pricey, but not to the point that i feel i'm being duped (like when i went to horinoya).  
i'm not sure what the erratic ratings are all about.  i've been here with a group and sampled many items, i've been here on a date and i've been here alone.  always consistent and satiating.Walked in tonight to a bartender I'd never seen before. Two people at the bar and two tables. Not exactly busy. I ordered quickly and then began to wait. And wait. About 25 minutes after I ordered, she told me that she could see them finishing up my three rolls now. Then she disappeared in the back. Came back and said that a table had ordered a lot of rolls which caused my order to be delayed. So in fact, they hadn't been "finishing up" my order. Five minutes later, she said there had been an issue with someone else's order. 
You know, if she'd been honest with me and told me my order had gotten lost or screwed up when she realized it, I would have been completely understanding. Shit happens. But lie to me multiple times??? One star. And while I'll go back, if that cute Indian girl is behind the bar, I'll be turning right back around again.Good lord, I wish this place would get their act together.  The food is great, but my GOD, ANSWER THE FREAKING PHONE!  I can never tell when this place is open, because their website 1) lists them as open when they're not, 2) lists them as open "11:30pm - 11.30pm," which doesn't even make sense unless they're a 24-hour sushi place, which is unfortunately not the case, and 3) apparently is never, ever updated.  If there were somewhere else in the Marigny/Bywater area, I'd go there.  Unfortunately, I'm kinda stuck with Wasabi, which would be fine and dandy if they'd hire someone to answer the phones and actually list their hours accurately.  I'm not holding my breath.Options for traditional sushi were limited, but the American style sushi was tasty. Got the LSU roll and super crunchy roll. LSU was better (shrimp tempura, cream cheese, tuna). The Poke salad was the best thing we ordered- had squid, avacado, tuna, cucumbers, ponzu, saracha. Really delicious and fresh! The frenchman scallops were oily. The seafood was generally fresh, but would rather have more traditional options.Wasabi came through again last night. We live just outside of their delivery area but their delivery guy took care of us. THANKS! Only problem? They forgot the summer rolls - looks like we might be having sushi again tonight. ;)Great Sushi!!!!  We had several different rolls, my favorite was the Dragon roll...DELICIOUS!!!  Great service and atmosphere and so close to where we were staying.  If I wasn't leaving tomorrow I would go back!!!  Definitely a place eat at!!!The sushi is delicious, plentiful and reasonably priced. Try the crawdad sushi. The fish soup is exquisite.This place needs to better understand what it means to treat people with respect and hospitality. I am a local and live in the neighborhood. Check this out!! We get seated by a host so as we are settling in to order they ask us to move another table because they might get busy. The restaurant wasn't even half full. WTF!! NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN!!!!I had heard many great things about this place and it took me awhile to finally meander my way out to try it.  Overall it is decent sushi but nothing really knocked my socks off and it was more on the expensive side.  Taking into account the distance I have to travel from the Garden District, the limited street parking and price there are lots of other sushi places I would choose before this place.  If I were already in the area and had folks that had a need for sushi I wouldn't object to returning but I wouldn't make a special trip just to eat here.The atmosphere was fairly depressed, there was almost no one there and I had a sinking feeling that we had made a mistake.
HOWEVER, the sushi rolls we got were delicious! The regular roll prices were also some of the best in the city. Will go back for more, if they could get their atmosphere a little more lively and train their waitstaff to be a little more outgoing, this place would be packed every night.Went for lunch and the Poke' Salad was yummy, the the rest was so-so. 
(And jeesums, wouldn't hurt to smile while you're waiting on me either... unless of course your cheeks are full of this rice wrapped jalapeno tuna roll that opened up my sinuses very nicely.)
Nice and quiet for work.I haven't actually eaten in the restaurant so this review is based on my take-out experiences.  It is really easy to call in an order, find a parking spot near the restaurant and the order is right and ready to go by the time I get there.  Although, like another review, they didn't answer my call on a Thursday night so I went elsewhere.  
I've had the veggie roll, edamame, and fried tofu (not sure if it was the tofu steak or fried tofu).  These items have been good and taste fresh.  I'll re-review when I get the chance to eat at the restaurant.Great food and atmosphere, everything was clean, service was prompt and professional.   Had the chicken and Shrimp teriyaki. I was happy to know the had brown rice.Given the lack of Sushi options in this area, Wasabi is A-OK. More like a 2.5 star rating.
The quality is hit or miss. I guess it depends on what you order. Hard to mess up the dry microwavable packet of miso soup or a shrimp tempura roll.
The price is a bit high considering what you actually get though. 
I will mention that it is painfully & consistently slow. Not sure why? It is rarely that busy in there. 
For take out, I would call ahead. Like a week ahead. You will still have to wait for your order but maybe not as long as you would if you called an hour ahead. 
Note: They will still forget something on your order. MAKE SURE TO CHECK IT BEFORE YOU GO. 
"You forgot my salad" - "Oops"3 stars only? You yelpers are rarely wrong but I've had nothing but great sushi and great service when I've been here. It's not my favorite place in NOLA for sushi (that would be sake cafe but they are uber expensive) but the price, portions, flavors and service have always been spot on when I've been here. It's a regular sushi stop for me when I'm in town and when I lived there. I appreciate the fact that they give you a warm hand towel too. Not all places do this.
Last time I was here I went a little sushi nuts. Good sushi that doesn't cost what a car payment would is really hard to find where I'm from. We got the yellowtail sashimi and it blew me away. The pieces were massive and probably 1/4 in thick. It was really tasty. Not too fatty and fresh tasting. I actually ordered a second round of this after finishing the first round. We also got the bourbon st roll (I think that's what it's called..it was a special roll for the day) topped with 3 types of sashimi and a few others. To be honest I was bit beyond tipsy the last time I was here so I don't remember anything but I do remember it was all really good. I'm pretty sure between 4 people we tore through about 6 rolls and 2 orders of sashimi. It's been awesome everytime I've been here...I wasn't yelping then so that's why this is the first time I'm reviewing it. Those of you that had ok experiences should try it again. I like this place better than Ninja (even though it's probably the most authentic Japaneese in the city) and Rock N Sake for sure. 
Food can take a while to get but if you watch the bar it's because they cut everything as ordered instead of pre-cutting sashimi slices like a lot of places do. We've always had great service. Attentive but not annoying.I can't believe I'm the duchess here considering I think it's A-OK.  I think I eat here so often, because it's conveinent to where I live and my friends like to go here.  
But, on a recent visit, I ordered to-go at the bar.  The bartender was nice enough to ask me if I wanted the miso soup I had just ordered to go...now.  I thought that was nice gesture and he filled my water up twice.Wow, Yahoo maps lists me as 2.09 miles away and you won't deliver? Maybe that's why you have 3 stars and are falling. Oh, and I've eaten there and you're overpriced.Came here via Groupon for my first experience in sushi. I absolutely loved the tuna sashimi and the rolls. I have tried other sushi at other places but this has been the best I have had so far and will definitely come back again.Back before everyone was eating "sushi" this was the go-to place.  Wasabi has items on there menu you won't find at your typical sushi place which I think is what most people want.  For starters, it's in the Marigny so ya gotta know their choices are going to unique.  Just getting past the appetizer menu can be difficult.  Sometimes I order a few of these yummy treats.  You've got tofu steak, beef tatki, baked seafood, beef asparagus maki, baked salmon for starters.  My all time fave's are the sauteed soft shell crab and wasabi honey shrimp.  The wasabi honey shrimp is decadent.  The sauce is think and creamy with definite notes of the wasabi and honey. 
... just had to wipe off my key board... 
The sashimi is always fresh.  the pieces could be a little larger especially for the price, but the quality is always top notch.  
The do have a full bar for those of you who want some sake or a cocktail.  
For a few years I lived a block away and ordered from here frequently.  If the food wasn't above average, I would have only ordered every now and then.  
Make sure to check out the daily specials.  There's always something very special to be had!I ate here for dinner one night and the food was good. Howeer, the attitude I got from the staff was rude. When I entered the dining room it was 3/4 empty. The waiter wanted to seat me at a two top against the wall, and I wanted to sit at a four top as they weren't busy. He wasd not going to allow that! Then when I went to leae, I asked them to phone for a ab. The waiter asked the bartendeer to do this. She gae me all kinds of attitude een though she only had 2 or 3 people at the bar. The food is not good enough to put up with this really poor attitude!I have to say I felt pretty ripped off. I wanted to like this so badly because of the cute atmosphere and convenient location but alas I was terribly disappointed. We started off well with hot hot sake, cold beer, liberally salted edamame and great miso soup, then everything started to go downhill. The snow crab salad came out and was funky tasting but edible I suppose. Then our $13 rolls came out and wow... we both ate one piece of each and lost our appetites. The fish was tough and chewy, which scares the bejeesus out of you when you're eating raw fish. It wasn't fresh, in fact the fish tasted and looked frighteningly old. And for a $13 roll there wasn't much of that fish at all, it was mostly crunchy tempura bits and brown avocado stuffed in there. Our server was apologetic and we paid around $60 and tipped her really well because we knew it wasn't her fault by any means but we walked out feeling really gypped. BIG bummer.Wasabi is one of my lesser favorite sushi restaurants. The decor is cute and cozy, but the tables are a little small. I ordered the Crunchy Roll and the Honey Shrimp. The Roll was not very appetizing, the fish did not taste as fresh as I would like. The shrimp was good but halfway through, the dish became boring with the same flavor. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone but if you are adventurous go for it.Had a nice lunch there today. My coworker and I decided to splurge and we spent about $50 on 2x soups, 3 appetizers, and 2 rolls. there are 4 sushi places that deliver to us at work, and Wasabi is by far the most expensive choice of the four - but it's also the best quality. 
I used to live 2 blocks from Wasabi and in 3 years, ate their twice. It's just too pricy for an everyday sushi fix, and too quiet & boring inside to enjoy an evening in the restaurant or bar. That said, Wasabi IS one of the best quality sushi options. You trade a boring experience for super fresh food, so it's worth it. The answer to that? Get it delivered like we do.One of our local friends recommended to go to Frenchman St to listen to real jazz. She told us that this is where the N' Awlins locals hang out. My boyfriend and I were waiting to see a band play that night and had time for dinner. Before we headed out to see the band, I checked out yelp's review on sushi restaurants in the area. This place was very well liked by many people. So we decided to check out Wasabi, since it was in the area and try some of Louisiana's unique sushi selections. Pieces that we would not be able to get here in Southern California. We tried their baby soft shell crab $5.95 and Conch $6.25 sushi pieces. It was wickedly delicious! We also tried $7.95 Frenchman scallop and grilled Salmon Neck $6.50. DELICIOUS!  It was pricey, but worth it!  They did not have draft beer on tap. All beers were served in bottles. It was a quite evening, since we were there on a Tuesday night. There were locals in the restaurant. If you are staying in the French Quarter, definitely check out this sushi restaurant for their conch and baby soft shell crab sushi pieces.I hate posting negative reviews. It's in the interest of my taste buds and my stomach to help keep businesses alive and prospering, but, I have to report that the last and maybe final times I went in here it smelled of sewage. 
I cannot eat raw fish while smelling excrement. 
Hopefully they have or will fix this issue.The soup and sushi tasted fine, but the snowcrab in in our Special Box was a lil too creamy for my taste.  The Frenchman was good, but not wow. The big guy making sushi was not just quiet, but downright rude and our request for a side of white rice was forgotten. We also ordered a soda to go for a friend we were going to see in the ER, but was told they were out of lids, so no-go. overall, meh.There was a time where I would eat at this restaurant about once a week. That all changed the last time I ate there. 
I was there for lunch with a friend the other day and everything was fine until I had to pay. The bill came and it was $45.00 for the two of us. I thought that was fine and decided to pick up the check. I left $55.00 so that the server would have a $10.00 tip, As we were leaving our server stopped us and stated rather rudely "Was my service no good"?? I chuckled because I thought she was making a joke. I said that her service was great and I headed for the door. She then hollered "WHY DID YOU ONLY LEAVE ME A $3.00 TIP". I was honestly in shock when she said that as I know for a fact how much I left her because I counted it multiple times. I then had to explain that as a musician in this town I make all my living off of tips and that there was no way I would have stiffed her. She didn't buy it so I was forced to leave her more money. 
Now, I'm not perfect so there is a chance I miss counted but considering I knew exactly how much I had on me and after counting the tab many, many times, I'm 100% positive that this woman hustled me.I'm not sure what's happening to this place, but it seems to be declining rapidly. It had become one of my favorite places, but recently the food has not been good. I decided to give them another chance today, but the shrimp in the fried rice are getting smaller and smaller. Also, I think I chewed maybe three shrimp peels with legs attached. It was not appealing nor appetizing, and I won't post picture as it just looks disgusting. I will give it two stars because I know that it used to be great, but I probably won't give them another chance.We stopped in for a quick 3 rolls to share during their happy hour. They were all delicious and go to try our first roll with gator... how cool!  The rolls were big and plentiful, though I like a little less rice they were still flavorful and unique. It was really big inside and tasteful. If you are in the area I'd surely give it a chance.Ok I came back and ate in the restaurant and it was awful.  The order of edamame was covered in salt and it looked like a child-sized portion.  I've always said that I've never had bad sushi because how hard is it to make a veggie roll??  Well, as it turns out, it's possible to make a chewy, unappetizing veggie roll.  I tried my friend's crawfish roll - anything with crawfish is good, isn't it?- that roll was really chewy and gross too.  It was like chewing an eyeball.  Or a flavorless big chew.  I think they also ordered the French Quarter roll which they said was "ok" - and for $14 I would hope so!!  We left without finishing the meal - like a first for this fat girl.  I guess it was a good thing because I decided I could go get frozen yogurt.  
My first review said they had decent rolls but this experience changed that.  On to the next.Decent sushi, I had the French quarter roll and sake. Very good price for the area. The place is kinda of a hole in the wall when you see it from the outside but very different inside.Went to Wasabi for the first time last night, and I really enjoyed myself. We ordered gyoza, the BBQ tuna appetizer, The Assassin Roll, and the Bourbon Roll. I usually avoid specialty rolls and stick to simpler ones, but I was surprisingly happy with what I got.  I live across town from this place so it may take a while, but I look forward to visiting them sometime in the future.I was craving sushi last night but really didn't feel like making the trek up to Sake Cafe. 
So happy we finally decided to try Wasabi. Not only is it near our house, it was the best sushi we had eaten in ages.
The highlights - the gyoza and the summer roll. The summer roll was so amazing that we ordered a second one to go and I'm already thinking about going back for another. 
The crispy roll was also great. 
My husband rarely likes eating sushi - because he tends to feel like he can't get full. Last night he couldn't stop talking about how great the food was. We'll be back - maybe tonight.EVERYONE FROM CALIFORNIA... please shut up. this is good sushi for new orleans. not amazing, but pretty good.
to the woman who said: "It's as if I went to a famous Beer Garden in Germany and they presented me with a beer list of Pabst Blue Ribbon and MGD."    NO!! it isn't like that at all. this isn't japan, idiot.
anyways, wasabi is a pretty consistent bet for sushi when in the area. stick to the basics and you'll have a good time.I eat at Wasabi frequently for dinner... though it's never been horrible it's never blown my mind enough to leave a good review. I always kindly thank my server and tip at least 20% with an additional tip to the sushi chefs. I ordered delivery today, didn't feel like leaving the house... my experience was so awful I can truly say I won't eat there again. From the second I called the woman on the phone was rude to me... I assumed maybe she was having a rough day and excused this... waited an hour for my food to come before I finally called back. I'll have to admit this made me feel a little silly, I live five blocks from the restaurant and could just as easily have walked to get it, but the purpose of ordering delivery is so i don't HAVE TO do this. Ten minutes later my food shows up... I have a friend who delivers for Wasabi and a few other fq restaurants. I was expecting to see him, but it was some other dude... he's forgotten my soysauce... tells me he will bring it back but first asks me if I can make due with something I have in my kitchen. JESUS. I still tip the guy over 20%... I always do. I don't have soysauce. I actually walk across the street to the grocery store to buy it because I don't feel like waiting god knows how much longer.... kindly called back the restaurant to let them know they could save another trip and the woman HUNG UP ON ME. I have been a very loyal customer to Wasabi, after this experience I will go back to Sekisui Samauri. The sushi was all smooshed together, mackarel looked old, soggy, lacked the oily sheen and color that is characteristic of this fish. I couldn't even eat it. I mean I would eat grocery store sushi over what was brought to me today. I am a cook myself, I work at a pretty well known restaurant in the quarter. I also do bicycle delivery. I understand the food industry and want to have nothing but good things to say. I have NEVER felt unhappy enough to write a negative Yelp review but this was awful. I hope that the employees actually read these reviews, they have all lost one of their most frequent diners, and a good easy tip.
Diners, take my advice, travel the ten blocks and go to Samauri sushi... staff is much more pleasant, dishes more prompt, presentation is much more appealing, quality is better by far.I'm surprised by the low reviews- we've always had great service here, and the fish is always fresh and delicious.  Its a bit pricey for me, I love when they have a group on.I've been searching for a good sushi place in NOLA for some time now. I uncovered this name "Wasabi" on the internet and I thought "How Cute" Wasabi sounds soooo sushi.
So, I went out of my way all the way down to the Frenchmen Street to try out Wasabi.
OMG - What a complete DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!!!
I walk in and discover it's not really a Japanese place, but rather a bar. 
Next, I discover that there doesn't seem to be any Japanese people even working in the place.
I asked for a sake list and was given absolute crap. They have no sake to speak of in this place. It's as if I went to a famous Beer Garden in Germany and they presented me with a beer list of Pabst Blue Ribbon and MGD.
What a joke of a place.
It went down hill from there.  This is about the WORST sushi place in the city.
Then, after some great detective work, I come to find outr that the owners of this place are possibly the same owners that own Rock and Sake on Fulton street.
So now I know why this is almost the worst sushi restaurant in the city - its because it is owned by the same people that own the worst sushi place in the city that is rock and sake. 
Stay FAR FAR AWAY from this place - This place sucks!!!I eat a lot of Sushi. Just having moved to the area from uptown and craving sushi I decided to give Wasabi a try since I did not feel like driving all the way to some of my favorites (Origami, Ninja, Sake Cafe). What a mistake. This place is disgusting. First of all, I walked in an the place smelled. Second of all it was slightly warm, which is a bad thing for a sushi restaurant to be!! Almost every sushi restaurant that cares about its fish (raw fish sitting out) is absurdly cold. I ordered my favorite thing- salmon roe sushi with a quail egg on top, a dynamite roll, and a boston hand roll. All of my sushi was falling apart. My quail egg fell out of the seaweed holding it together with the salmon roe almost immediately and then I couldn't eat it because it broke when I tried to. It was executed very, very poorly. Something I had never had a problem with at any of the other sushi joints in town. The fish did not taste fresh, and my Boston handroll was such a disappointment, skinny, not fresh, fish falling out of the lettuce. The sushi chef here is just not good. Someone needs to teach him how to roll better so fish stays in the roll. Also, the fish is not fresh. Was starving and didn't want to be that person so I ate it and paid for it, and will probably be fine, but still part of me is like, "I hope I don't get sick."
Don't waste your money here. There are so many other sushi restaurants in town (not that far away) that are decent (Geisha, Hiromoya, Sushi Brothers, Little Tokyo, Hana) or excellent (Sake Cafe, Origami, Ninja). You would have to leave the Marigny, but jesus, this place sucks.When you're in the Marigny and you're craving sushi before it's time to check out some jazz on Frenchmen St, Wasabi is the place to go. While the exterior of the building is old New Orleans, it seems as though the joint was a bar room in a previous existence. So it's not your typical 'looking' interior - it's kinda weird, but not unpleasant. The sushi is above average. They have a a number of specialty rolls but I used to always get the New Orleans Roll, which I first had sometime ago when some friends brought me here for the first time. But the other night I discovered the Frenchmen Roll - eel, salmon and veggies. Damn good. I guess I need to start ordering some of their other special rolls! 
They do tend to get a bit crowded on the weekend nights, especially when there is lots of action on the Marigny.I've had sushi from just about every joint in town and this place is spot on. They've been around for quite a while which should say something. But I have to say I was impressed. The quality of everything was great. The sushi was fresh, the shrimp fried rice had great flavor, and everything was beautifully presented. The ambiance of the restaurant, to me, leaves a little to be desired, which is why I gave it 4 stars, but some may find it charming.We stumbled on this joint after a parade on Frenchman. Great wasabi appetizer and rolls. If we had been staying longer, we would go back.its a unique ducked off spot, very nice atmosphere,  friendly staff, quick speed of service, never had to ask for a refil, & never had to look for my server.The clear soup was disgusting and tasted like straight fish and swamp water very disappointing the sake was also really gross it made me do a very ugly face and now my face is stuck and their toothpicks are very cheap
And didn't even pick up my food and the waiter kept checking my girlfriends booty out infront of me and he bit his lip very disrespectful. Never coming again.Story time! 
I ordered food from Wasabi through a delivery app (something I do WAY too frequently). Instead of getting delivery, my delivery driver took off with my food. YIKES. 
It'd been a rough day already, one of those Murphy's Law kind of days, and it was the last thing I needed. I sorted it out with the first delivery app. Still, I needed lunch and I had my heart set on Wasabi. I hopped to another delivery app to order again. 
A few minutes later, I received a call from a very confused lady at Wasabi about the identical orders from two separate apps, one right after the other. In the process of explaining my tale, I broke down. I mean, big tears, shuddering sobs, the whole nine. Not my finest hour, but like I mentioned... it'd been a day. This poor woman had inexplicably and unknowingly become my therapist. Confusion cleared, we hung up the phone and Wasabi set to work on my order. 
When the food arrived (this driver was, thankfully, not as hungry as the first!), on one of the to-go containers, this wonderful woman had written, "Hope your day gets epically better!" Inside, was a slice of cake (cue the waterworks a second time). 
Okay, look. Food can go a really long way, but kindness goes way further. I love the food from Wasabi and my partner and I enjoyed our lunch immensely (gyoza, yaki soba, and a variety of vegetable sushi), but it was really the kind gesture of the workers here that made this lunch even better. Thank you, to whoever did this, who made a terrible day so much better. The food was incredible and I will continue to recommend your restaurant to all of my friends.I love this place because the fish is so fresh.  I simply don't know why it gets bad reviews sometimes!  Order the salmon sushi.  You won't regret it.  It'll be the freshest salmon you ever had.  The white fish sashimi is very good.  It's so flavorful on its own you won't miss the rice.  If you're deciding which specialty roll to get, opt for the Frenchmen Roll.  Not only does it pack eel and salmon into the same roll, but it's crunchy and the rice paper on the outside is a welcome twist.Like their fresh made rolls and pleasant server. Nice grilled whole squid. Order come a bit slow but it's all fresh made. Not meant for fast food fast pace if u r on the run and wish for not enjoying the eating experience.