Best chicken you could ever hope for in bourbon st. The chicken is good. The sauce is good. Everything is goofLong wait but definitely worth it. Biscuits are on point!
If you're looking for good chicken, biscuits and honey look no further!
Bonus, they are everywhere.The red beans and rice was good. The chicken was good. They would probably make more money if they let a person substitute and I'm not saying it has to be difficult. If I get a 2 piece white, why can't I get two wings? Instead of breast and wing, just so simple and your customer is happy!!I also heard they are running a special menu during Essence Fest to make life more difficult!!Had the tenders and chicken mix, and both were great. The tenders were not processed, but pulled chicken breast. Fries were perfect (crispy and slightly thicker than your average fry) and the honey biscuit was really great. Their daquries are good and large as well (apple, mango, pina colada, hurricane, hypnotic, margarita and more). I had the mango hurricane mix. Definitely good drunk or not.Meh.
Ever been to Rosarito/TJ in Mexico? I'm from Los Angeles, so it's a thing.
Anyway, this place was good for the "hey, i'm in the mood for an alcoholic refreshment" occasions but we got fried chicken from here as a quick bite and I wasn't impressed by it.
Grilled chicken you can get anywhere really. The sauces were pretty good though, so that was good.
BUT, not bad for a quick spot.
That and they're EVERYWHERE around the French Quarter.Man.... The chicken here was so freaking hot and fresh!!!!!!!!!!! 
THEM BISCUITS THO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The red beans and rice.... Man. Flavor, flavor everywhere! I went here at 10 a.m. before we left for our cruise; everything was HOT AND FRESH. I was a bit annoyed because people who came in after me got their food before me, but when I got my food, man.... it made up for the wait. The signature sauces they provided were not all that, the young lady who work there even said she didn't like them, so I stuck with some regular ol ranch for my tenders. Definitely a must have when you're in the N.O. On Canal Street. I ate my food so fast I couldn't even take a pic. And yall know that ain't like me to not take a pic of my food!!!!!!!!Numbers 
Service 7.5 out of 10
Food  7.5 out of 10
Cost 6 out of 10.
This place is conveniently on canal street and it's a good fix if you want something quick, but the cost is something I would be leery of the cost. For 2 people 3 or 5 piece tender combos with biscuits and drinks run up about $35 bucks. I'm not sure if I've ever had chicken that good. Would I stop there again? I don't know, but for $35 I can eat at a decent restaurant.If i could give this place 10 stars I would! Best chicken and biscuits I've had..words can't even describe! This place blows PopEyes out the water HANDS DOWN. The fish and ALL the sauces were also soooo good. We went here several nights for some late night eats...despite a full day of eating at actual restaurants lol! We just had to end our day with some of those honey butter biscuits! We even went one more time to get biscuits to take on the flight with us home! I need a Willies in my town, ASAP!Came here after a Bachelorette party. The place was filled with Sugar bowl Auburn football players getting their fix before curfew and a bunch of weirdos hitting on the customers. It seemed like everyone was fighting over the biscuits. Now these biscuits are covered in butter that looks like glue, but they were a hit, especially if you don't mind clogging your arteries. I know there was nothing healthy in here to eat, but that by far had to be the biggest killer. Hot wings are very saucy and better than the other wings. So, if you want to be entertained or feeling depressed on a late drunken night, try it out. You'll definitely have a good laugh.Something about being drunk on bourbon screams eat fried chicken at the end of the night. The first time I had it my friend was force feeding it down my throat at 4:00 a.m after I had thrown up a daiquiri from this same establishment (don't be like my please). I knew it was good but the second time around and I ordered my own plate I realized how good it actually was. They have these sauces on the table and the orange looking one was sooooo good drunk me wanted to take the bottle back with me to Texas. The biscuits were so good my friend literally ordered a whole box. I honestly can't wait to get back to NOLA and get some more of this goodness.Great place for fried chicken! Prices are good and the size of the chicken pieces are quite large.  My absolute favorite item on the menu? The biscuits. The biscuits are the best I've ever tasted. Soaked in honey and butter it literally melts in your mouth and it's got just the right amount of sweetness you need after enjoying salty fried chicken. A must try here in NOLA!Another chicken place, reminded me of Popeyes. 
Nothing special. 
Counter chick was not happy on day we went. Idkw? #rude #poorcustomerserviceWhere do I start... The prices were outrageous! But I guess it's expected if you're on Canal. The fish had more skin and than meat. Too much batter... Fries tasted as if they were sitting under a heated all day. The chicken was average. Popeyes chicken has more season and quality chicken. The bartender was cool! We ordered 2 meals and 2 drinks.Let's just say it wasn't worth $45.00.It was delicious.  Going back today. The chicken is rhe best. The frozen daiquiri was delicious!!!!!Fried chicken.
Fried chicken.
Fried chicken.
That's pretty much all I heard one morning was, "Fried chicken." So, we got fried chicken.
Willie's Chicken Shack is basically a fast food joint. But, it wasn't so fast. It could have been because everyone just got out of the Saints vs. Cubs game. When friends and I arrived, the line was almost at the door. Ordering was slow going. There was only 1 cashier taking food orders. The other cashier, closest to the entrance, was strictly for drinks. 
After waiting a good 15 minutes, it was my time to order. I got the 2 piece mix w/ biscuit and side. But, side choices are limited to only fries, jambalaya and red beans & rice. I was told that they didn't have mashed potatoes, even though it was on the menu. It could have been that they just run out. The impatient cashier just made it sound like they no longer served it. I ended up picking the jambalaya.
Besides the 2 cashiers, there was one person to plate the food and another person to deliver the meals. I'm also going to assume that there's one person in the back doing all the cooking. Quite frankly, it's not enough people to deal with such a big rush. 
Tables were dirty and it took a while for someone to clean them off. We pretty much cleaned our own, as we waited for our food to arrive. Surprisingly, the our food order didn't take that long. So, that was a plus. The chicken was pretty good and juicy. My side of jambalaya was merely okay. Biscuit was good, but I've had better. 
Willie's would be an A-OK stop, if you want fried chicken. Just not when a football game has been let out or when it's a meal rush.These customer service representatives rude as hell.  First Bridget felt it was okay to yell across the restaurant and embarass a young woman who left her credit card after paying.  She was yelling her name then while holding up the card repeatedly said "really...just really, get it together."
We ordered a two piece white meat meal.  It costs more but we were sharing.  It was a wing and a breast.  Apparently they consider a wing white meat.  I went up to ask about it and she began with the "baby a wing is white meat you should know that."  Not at any deli, KFC or Popeye's I have been to.  Then for the next 10 minutes she went on to every customer and worker in the restaurant, loud enough for us to hear across the room about how she doesn't understand how people can draw attention to themselves that way.  REALLY???? You spent the entire time drawing attention to yourself and embarrassing customers.   FIRE THIS WOMAN!!!  Wouldn't recommend this location to ANYONE.  There are multiple locations in a small area, do not visit this location. 
The food was decent, the service, far from it.Bomb ass fried chicken, red beans and rice pretty solid. Willie's cocktail daiquiri on point! And they were playing the jams! For a fast food joint its a good place to get your food fix. You don't feel like you're wasting your money.The chicken is fresh! You can taste the difference. Great atmosphere, lots of drinks to chose from too. One of my favorite chicken eateries. I wish they open one in SCV, CA where I'm from. Oh and the biscuits are so tasty you don't need honey, they infuse the honey in the biscuit......mmmmmmmm.This review is only for the tall hurricane I had at Willie's, and not for the food, as I haven't had their food. On every block on Bourbon St, you can find a damn Willie's Chicken Shack. It did not help my sense of direction down there at all. Rather than go back and forth looking for a good place to grab a hurricane, my cousin and I opted to get one at Willie's. Here are my thoughts...
I liked the $15 price tag for a huge, collectible tall cup (you know the one that's synonymous with Bourbon St at this point) of hurricane. And I like that there was a good variety of different daiquiri flavors to choose from and/or mix. But, when it comes to the strength of my drink, I would suggest opting for another location or adding (several) shots of alcohol to kick it up a notch.
The flavor of my traditional hurricane slushy was good, but I felt like it was barely any stronger than what you find at a 7/11 slushy machine. I'm not going to lie though, I drunk it down fast, and it, mixed with the other liquor in my system from dinner that evening, did give me a buzz. I'm just saying I have reason to believe that another hurricane/daiquiri purveyor on Bourbon may have given me something a bit more potent. IJS.Who can't go wrong with Louisiana fry's chicken 
They taste great ! The place has a bar too which u wait for your food grabs drink insteadAnother fun stop in our Quarter quest!  The chicken wasn't 'wow', but still good. The slushees are BOMB!!
A must stop on tour of the funnest place on earth!!Willie's is alright.  It's definitely drunk food lol. The chicken strips are large and pretty good when they're crispy. The biscuit was too doughy for me but maybe that was just mine.  The shrimp are fried in the chicken batter and they're alright.  I'm not disappointed just not blown away either.  It's a. Good enough place to drop by when everything else is closed.This place is a Getto playground. Rude service, filthy tables , sauce bottles are sticky and disgusting. Grab some of them rude ass employees and put a wet soapy rag in their hand . Biscuits were hard as a rock and burnt. No honey for the biscuits ? Chicken was good but had no flavor. Popeyes at least has spice and is half the price . We had a 2 piece and a 3 piece strip and 1 dessert, came out to $30 bucks , that's crazy. I guess you need to pay for the armed guards protecting the bathrooms somehowGot the 8 piece, 4 biscuits and fries...the best fried food I've had in New Orleans. Forget about Popeyes, Willie's has similar, fresher and better seasoned meals. Great StuffPretty good fried chicken joint. Open super late well past 2am. I had the 8pc chicken meal, Cajun fries, and rice and beans. They give you several sauces like BBQ, ranch, and hot sauce. Service can be a little better but overall I enjoyed it.Terrible service. Decent fast food. Ordered a bottled water and never got it. The chicken tenders where nice and decently crispy. The setup is a little terrible it's understandable as it's a small place on bourbon street. I don't think I will return.This was chosen because it started raining and it was near, lol. But turned out they sure know how to fry chicken and make delicious food! We shared a chicken tender basket and I funny think I'll soon forget the honey butter biscuits.  *drool*.  They have several sauces that we tried and all were tasty. Note, you seem to have to have a code to access the restroom, so stalk someone when they enter, so you can catch the door.This place is wonderful !!!!! Just full of flavor! From the catfish to the chicken, ITS ALL GOOD! Came here like 3 times during my Mardi Gras NOLA visit. 
And they play the best music! 
They have frozen alcoholic drinks here too, but I perfer Fat Tuesday personally. 
But definitely drop in if you need a bite to eat while walking on Bourbon.Sooo goood. How do they get their fries to shine? Fast service, nice servers, convenient location.The chicken here is soooo good!  The biscuits are even better.  If you want an awesome chicken dinner at a reasonable price, this is the place.  We will be going back.We have waited over one hour for our chicken. We ordered a 16 piece and I feel that yes, it's a large order but my friends have received their food in a timely manner. They have definitely served over 16 pieces within the time period that we waited and when we asked what the wait was about, they would just say "it's coming". Unacceptable.This place provided us with the perfect drunk snack!! We had the chicken tenders and fries. It was cooked perfectly from what I remember lol. Willies chicken shack, you are a gem everyone must find on Bourbon St! Drunk or notThey know how to cook chicken.  It was juicy and tasty. I didn't get the Cajun spice, but it was good.  
The beans and rice had a heavy pork flavor. 
The biscuits small and flat.  
Service was quick.  High turn over chain, in and out.  
No vegan options.Wonderful food the chicken is out of this world. Everyone should try this place. Would highly recommend.Over priced for poor service and HAIR in red beans n rice. Employees and management present acted as if serving my family cold wings and fries was too bothersome. Had to go back to counter to get my daughters meal only to be asked was I sure ... could understanding they were busy, but there was only one other person at the counter.
707 Canal St locationThey serve the absolute best biscuits!! They are buttery, crisp and sweet on the outside and soft on the inside.. the food is also excellent, I had the red beans and rice along with chicken tenders, which were hot and juicy. Everything was cooked up fresh when we ordered and we got our food fast! The Willie's location on canal is open really late if you are out partying, you can stop here after for a perfect late night meal. They also serve up daiquiris, beer, and other drinks so it's a one-stop shop! The location was really good too, within walking distance to everything, including bourbon street. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!!Extremely overpriced, service was beyond inadequate, and the chicken was mediocre at best. Go to a Popeyes instead!Service was fast but unpleasant, chicken was decent but not the greatest thing in the world. Overall it was just okay. I would've rather went somewhere else.Can I have an order of fried everything please? Only time I'd opt for literally everything fried is here in the south. Willie's is a famous chain fast food so I was skeptical at first. My gfs swore this was a good place so I decided to give it a shot. 
You order at the counter and have the option of dining in or taking it to go. I ordered the seafood platter for myself and it was HUGE. For around $14 you get jumbo shrimps, huge pieces of fried fish, fries, and the best biscuit I've ever had. The shrimps were cooked perfectly and the fish was super filling since they were such a big portion. The biscuit literally melted in your mouth and was drizzled with honey. I'm still dreaming of this biscuit!! The housemade sauce was bommmb!! I'm not a big sauce kinda gal but I couldn't get enough of this. Had a bit of a tang with a hint of sweetness. Can I bottle this stuff up and take it with me to LA? SO FREAKIN GOOD. Had a taste of my gf's fried chicken and jambalaya. Both delish but nothing that totally wow'd me. 
Now for dessert... CHOCOLATE OOEY GOOEY CAKE!! *heart eye emoji times a million* I have the biggest sweet tooth AND DAMN this cake seriously hit the spot. It was sweet, decadent, and a real treat. I'm so glad I listened to the suggestion of getting this dessert from the workers at Willies. The locals always be knowing!! I know if I'm ever back in NOLA, I'm heading straight here for some fried goodies and THIS CAKE!Coming to NOLA- a rival chicken spot is a must, but on the suggestion of our lyft driver, we decided that we needed to hit this spot. This is your standard Louisiana style fried chicken spot. They have all the great sides you see everywhere from Red Beans to Jambalaya. My wife had a 2 piece mixed and I decided on the 3 piece all white. This chicken came out super hot that we had to let it sit for a second. Even after letting it sit we bite into the chicken and it was super Moist and Juicy the perfect combo for Fried Chicken. We order some red beans and rice- it was just ok. My wife said she wished she would have ordered some fries instead. They also provided 5 different sauces to put on your chicken. My wife loved the House Special sauce- I told it was average. The one item that stole the show was the Honey Butter Biscuit. You need to order several when go- some darn good biscuits.The biscuits. Honey biscuits changed my life. 
Eat them.
Order more.
Eat those.
Never stop.
The service was amazing. The staff was all really fun, friendly, helpful. It expected your standard fair. It was not standard anything. Freshly made everything. Generous portions. Unlimited sodas. What more could you want? 
More biscuits. 
Good places to sit. Good music to listen to. It was a bit loud, but I like quiet everything. My travel mates were not bothered.They have some great fried chicken here!  Slightly high in salt, but not too overdone.  The crunch is outstanding and the chicken was nice and meaty.  Side dishes such as red beans and rice and gumbo were tasty, but not as good as another famous/local fried chicken place.  They were also very high in salt.
Overall, the chicken was great.... Would definitely eat chicken here again!Cool local chain, serving chicken, frys and biscuits. Stumbled in while looking for a quick lunch with the family after leaving the aquarium. Good chicken, good frys, good biscuits. Hey Willie, open one in Houston we would come.If I could put 0 stars, I would. We waited 40 minutes for our order because they didn't even put it on file. They saw us standing there and people who came after us got their orders before us. I work customer service and we didn't even get compensated for it. Asians beware!Tried Willie's because I saw a couple and it caught my attention. Went last night on a Tuesday. Staff was nice. Got the chicken tenders. They were good! A little pricey but enjoyed my meal. I really like how the sauce for the chicken is in bottles on tables and not in little packets. Great vibe.This place taste so good!!! The fish, chicken, shrimp and the fries OMG!!! There drinks, HELL YES! The manafer was awesome as well!!I am a lover of Bloody Mary's. I have tried many Bloody Mary's on Bourbon St and elsewhere in New Orleans. You would never believe at Willie's Chicken Shack would you find the most amazing Bloody Mary's ever. I make my own and I make them perfect to my liking with the right amount of spice and flavor. Never have I bought one that could compare to mine. And I'm not bragging about my Bloody Mary but I'm saying that is my benchmark. You MUST have Andre make you one of these magical creations. I find most stuff in this town to be all hype and fail on delivery. This is not one of them. Had I found these at the beginning of my trip, I'd probably have several everyday. This is a MUST HAVE for Bloody Mary connoisseurs. Oh and the food is great too lol.When I was looking up places to go in NOLA, this place kept popping up. I also noticed they have so many locations throughout town. It was so difficult to actually NOT try this place out!
I wasn't hungry at the time a friend and I passed by so we decided to just try their famous Frozen Daiquiris. I got Willie's Voodoo Juice ($14). It was super refreshing and strong. The alcohol in it is 151 Rum and Everclear. It's super sweet, so just be mindful of that.
It's a great drink to sip on while walking through the streets of NOLA! They also have a bunch of flavors to choose from. This is a must-try drink at some point in NOLA.Surprisingly, i was impressed by this late night spot. I believe it's open 24 hours. I don't eat fast food or fried foods but figured since I was in New Orleans what the heck?! I had they're fried fish and French fries. And it was cooked to profession! It wasn't extremely greasy like I expected and it wasn't heavy. It was lightly fried and had a lot of flavor.Went to this spot to check whats the hype about.. but it all turn out soo bad! Waited for 45 mins for our order!! Wr are wondering how come other people's order were ready tho we ordered before them! This place suck didnt even asked us whats our order, got pushed on the side told us our orders were ready but it turns out ot wasnt even placed!!! Our food shouldve been free!! Blah! I suggest to just go to popeyes! Atleast that wouldve been worth it!!!Didn't live up to the hype. It was good. Came out fast. When I FINALLY got my order taken.Everyone looked high!
First of all, this is coming from a tourist, Popeye's chicken tastes way better. Their chicken and red beans and rice have flavor whereas Willies lacks seasoning. I tried their chicken tenders and they were bland. Secondly, the drinks are way overpriced without the alcohol content to make it worth paying nearly $10 (or more) for them. But wait, there's more. 
Unfortunately, the same night that we had our bad food experience with Willies, my husband and I found ourselves hungry after staying out too late at the casino on a Monday night. No other decent place was open, so we had no choice but to try Willies again. We ordered something different. The place was closing, but they still were taking customers. The cashier lady (the brunette) was RUDE AS HELL! For no reason at all. Mind you, earlier we had a strange encounter with another older lady who worked there who was rude as well but she sensed my husband's unamused demeanor after she refused to answer his friendly question, and corrected her bad attitude. But this girl was downright nasty to us and was not willing to reciprocate our friendliness. Then, she didn't communicate the fact that they were in fact closing and our food would be to go. After ordering and trying to seat ourselves (which was quite a task because there were roaches and ants at every table we tried) I decided to get our food to go. (In retrospect I should've gotten a refund). So my husband kindly asks the cashier if we can get our food to go and she says with a matter of fact attitude "oh we ordered everyone's food to go."
Thanks for telling us. Also, here's a tip for whoever owns Willies, you might want to drug test your staff. Like, all of them. But then again, the only people who would enjoy eating at an establishment like that have to be drunk or high. I mean, it's the only way you can get away with eating at a roach infested hole in the wall without flinching. 
If you are sober minded and enjoy spending your money on well-prepared food and great service PLEASE DO NOT EAT HERE!Worst place ever! The service sucked and the chicken wasn't all that it was cracked up to be. They took our order, didn't give us a receipt, and forgot about us. Save yourself the trouble and go to Popeyes instead!Cooked chicken in burnt grease and when I complained manager said it's too busy and I'm not changing my oil and went to get the cops!!! Really? Paying customer with legitimate complaint and you go get the cops? I'll never go to this establishment again! Grease is black!  Cook even agreed it was burnt but said he can't change! Manager should be fired!Not a bad place if you want to binge on junk food. Daughter loved the fries. The $5 Jambalaya was expensive for about 6 or 7 spoons of rice with 3 small pieces of Chicken in it. Its on Canal street and convenient to walk from a lot of hotels nearby. Lots of tables to sit inside.We stopped in to pick up lunch and left a shopping bag at the table when we left. To our surprise, when we returned to see if anyone turned it in, one of the employees advised it was returned and placed at the counter. When she went to retrieve it for us, it was nowhere to be found. The on duty manager, who was also there when we left the shopping bag, stated she had no idea what we were talking about. What a shame- good, honest people return a lost item to the store for lost and found, but somehow gets lost again in the hands of the store employees!Best chicken best biscuit and the shittiest workers and cash register. So disgusted by their trash talking in Spanish or that they treat you like you're in high school. I SPEAK SPANISH so shut talking, stick to the face to face shit. Won't be back.Was patiently waiting in line when a waitress stepped in front of my group of 4 and told us to "f*ck off." Never experienced service this horrible...we turned around and left immediately.Willies Chicken is everywhere and for a good reason. The chicken is great. Sauces are good. And the frozen drinks are awesome. Must go.Saw people come in after us and get their food before us. The worst. When we asked about our food, they said there were only a few orders before us. Mind you, these were people that came in way after us. Bullshit and not cool. I normally don't write bad reviews but you guys deserve this for a 40 minute wait and pushing us to the side. Keep up the crummy work guys. I was so angry, (it takes me a lot to get me mad) I left without any sauces. Even if your food is good, this won't get the bad taste out of my mouth for you. . I even tipped you guys when I ordered. Never again.I made my first ever stop at a Willie's Chicken Shack and let me say, it absolutely blew me away. I came here around noon yesterday and it was absolutely packed (for good reason). I spent about 20 mins in line to order (which is absolutely not a problem) and when the time finally came, I ordered some fried chicken with some French fries on the side (side note, the cashier was super friendly). How was the fried chicken? Well, I think the word to describe it would be "GLORIOUS". The chicken was so juicy, hot, tender, and was absolutely amazing. I swear, which each bite the chicken got even better. On top having amazing chicken, the fries were also delicious! Overall, this is definitely I place I would return to when I come back to New Orleans, amazing place!Placed an order, waited 30 minutes, no food. Despite there bring plenty of chicken sitting in the ready window, they simply were not serving it. Ridiculous waste of time.We went here for the first time in NOLA, and the gumbo was super good! The chicken was ok....but we would definitely go back for the gumbo. Plus, there was a daiquiri bar right there too. Good combo of hot food and a cold drink! Also got the willies cocktail, and I forgot the flavor but it was the most popular one. Super good though! So trust the people that work there. 
It's also very conveniently located where the party is. Perfect drunk food!Now this is some gooooooood fried chicken, I absolutely loved this place. There fries are solid, their honey glazed biscuit is awesome and their friend chicken is great!
The best part is they're open late, so you can grab some chicken at any hour of the night since it's located right on Bourbon you'll most likely be out drinking and what better way to soak up the alcohol with some awesome fried chickenWhen I first arrived in NOLA, I couldn't wait to try out the authentic southern food from the local restaurants. So when I saw this apparent fast food joint, I thought to myself, "Nahhhh, I didn't come all the way here for fried fast food." That was until I had 1 singular fry from my friends plate... I ended up tearing it up! I ended up coming back the very next day to get the Seafood Platter. I have yet to try the chicken but I'm so in love with the Seafood platter, so why ruin a good thing? LOL I Wish we had a Willies Chicken Shack in Cali sooooo bad! Even the biscuits are delicious! This place reminds me of Popeyes, but SO much better!!
Staff could be nicer though..We only had an hour for lunch during the meetings, so we needed a quick bite. Willie's was a great pick. Their chicken was crispy outside and soft inside. Combo came with biscuit and one side. Honey based biscuit was sweet and crunch. For a choice of sides, I chose jambalaya which was just okay. Overall we enjoyed it very much. I would come back but pick other side dishes.Ever since we stepped foot off the plane, we saw advertisements for Willie's. Normally, this is not how i go about finding a good place to eat, but we were hungry and ready to drink.  We stopped at Willies on Bourbon street and sampled the daiquiris and ordered some fried chicken. The chicken was tender, juicy, and good. The daiquiris were pretty good too.  We were allowed to sample several of them, and ended up buying the Hurricane daiquiris. Overall it was decent food and drinks if you're looking for something quick and easy, it's a good spot.I had a great meal here. The food was fresh and crisp. The service was friendly and fast. My tenders were plump and juicy. The thighs had a wonderful crisp skin and the right amount of grease. This fried chicken is better than KFC back in New York. They menu is limited, which might not be a bad thing. I was disappointed that I couldn't order single pieces of chicken. All of the menu items are combo platters.Pretty good fried chicken :) it's all over Nola. Tender and juicy. I believed i saw 3-4 down Bourbon st.This place totally sucks. It took one hour to wait for a six piece wing. Food was coming out slowly for my kids plus the place was empty. When I asked for a refund for the one hour wings they refused. They said absolutely no refunds.Great Fried Chicken and Awesome Biscuit! The 3pc Tenders or 3pc Mix @8.99 are both tender, juicy & super tasty with just enough breading to give it a nice crunch! The biscuit that's included in the basket are incredibly moist undoubtedly soaked in sweet goodness hopefully "Honey" Plus you get a side of either Cajun Fries, Mashed Potato, Jambalaya or Red Beans & Rice. They also have great tasting Daiquiris and a variety of beers on tap & bottle. Ice cold Abita Amber it is for me.After a night out on Bourbon Street, my friends and I stumbled upon Willie's at 1:00am on a weekend. The restaurant was crowded with folks trying to get their fix of comfort food before retiring for the night. The food took over 20 minutes to come out, which is quite long for a fast food joint, but slightly more understandable given how packed the place was. 
8 Pieces Just Chicken - 3 stars
Each table has a variety of 5 sauces that you can dip your chicken into - secret sauce (thousand island?), BBQ, honey mustard, hot sauce, and ketchup. The meat was juicy and the skin was crispy. I'd rate it around the same caliber as Popeye's.
Biscuit - 4 stars
Fresh out of the oven! These biscuits were super soft and chewy. I actually enjoyed them more than the chicken.I eat chicken tenders everywhere I go. I am a high class chicken tender connoisseur and these are the best chicken tenders I've ever had. I fear for my life in saying this, but they beat willie maes. And get a biscuit.Not greasy, and big pieces. I would rather have walked to Popeyes or Brothers.
Red Beans were flavorless.Willie's chicken has several locations in French Quarter and downtown, and it was a minute away from my hotel so I decided to try some soul food in NOLA.  
The staffs were really nice and quick to help me.  The interior was very colorful and fun, and they serve daiquiris with their chickens!
I did a takeout for 3pc chicken strips with cajun fries and biscuit.  Chicken had some chewy parts.  Cajun fries were good but bit too mushy.  I wantd a packet of honey for my biscuit but one emoloyee just decided to put honey on it for me....so that made it bit soggy too. 
I feel Popoye's chicken is better but I had the rest of the meal 5-6hrs later too, so maybe it didn't do it justice.  Next time in NOLA, I will nake sure to try their fried chicken fresh!This restaurant is a great quick casual place to eat. The fried chicken is juicy and tender. Be sure to use Willie's special sauce! The staff was very friendly and there was not a long wait once food was ordered. There are also alcoholic slushies available that you can sample and order.The chicken was seasoned better than popeyes. The buttermilk honey biscuits were the highlight on top of the great customer service the shack gave. This was a wkend visit and all i wanted was fried chicken other than popeyes and they did not let me down. Most definitely going back when i get a chance to visit willies shack and to the same exact location.  Great food and great drinks .Rude behavior is never acceptable. Don't open a register and not tell patrons you're closing it whom were already in the line before you made this decision. This is Mardi Gras, it should be all hands on deck.Update: the food is good and the staff is nice.
Just so you know, after you order you have to keep your receipt and walk to the back and give your receipt to the cooks before they start cooking your food. Nobody tells you this, a little aggravating...Soooo where do I start. You get Amazing Fried Chicken & Fish with Cajun style sides not to mention hot fresh biscuits. While your getting great food and decide you want a drink there is a Full Margarita Bar with a variety of flavors. I HAVE NEVER SEEN Chicken and Margaritas at the same counter! This MUST BE a NOLA thing!! The food was beyond good and the owner must have OCD because the public restrooms have a code from your receipt that you must utilize to accessthe rest room! Never seen that either but I appreciate a clean public bathroom. So I really had to go.... had to use the men's and it was SUPER CLEAN that was a first!This place is full of fuckery serious fuckery and delicious chicken.  There will be drunk folks stealing tips jars, assfucks trying to skip you in the queue , when the number 69 is called out people will holla but the chicken is delicious the biscuits are tasty you can skip the fries and get yourself a gooey cakeChicken was good, other food was just ok. Everything is over priced. Daiquiris are good and they have a good selection. Employees were very nice and the place was clean.First time here! Great place to eat a regular meal or for the late night after drinking! The voodoo slushy was strong and the Cajun tenders with red beans and rice was delicious! Highly recommend the Willie's special sauce. Would definitely eat here again.Good food for what it is (the In N Out of New Orleans), but incredibly rude and hostile workers. Not welcoming and tense environment. Go to a nicer place if you care about atmosphere or being treated nice.For a fast food place the food is pretty good however the service is horrendous.  Standing under a sign that says "Order Here" expect to be ignored while other guests standing nowhere near there get taken care of.  If you are fortunate to have your order taken while you are waiting if you turn around good luck finishing a seat because you will get the bums rush.  Sad especially on bourbon street where it's late and there are few options u shouldn't make your guests feel like you don't appreciate their business by taking away seating while they order so they can't sit down after you have taken their money.I had fried chicken with red beans and rice. I was starving and the chicken was crispy and tasty! The breading was flavored nicely and not salty like other fried chicken. The red beans and rice were really good and super hot(temperature). I liked the noisy vibe and you are close to the action on Canal st. My meal came out to about $12 which I thought was a good value in the Canal st area. I would definitely eat there again.For late night munchies or a hunger attack, this place is it! They have really good fried chicken, jambalaya and red beans and rice. 
Their frozen daiquiris are just what you need on a hot summer night alongside your goodies.Food was fab, music was great and service was fast. Highly recommend. I'll come back to this spot for a quick and comfy bite.Last night, we ordered two Blue Moons only to walk out and discover pretty quickly that what we received was not Blue Moon. Of course, the employee is not the one who falsely connected the tubes to something that tastes more like a very light lager, which we feel is along the lines of piss water, but rather someone who simply walked in there looking for a job and is doing it...so we didn't want to give her a hard time. But we were, nevertheless, pretty irritated and disgusted with our unknown nasty beers, which we thought would be Blue Moons. Not sure what causes such a deceitful act in business...perhaps they feel the majority of people are too drunk on Bourbon Street to notice, so they connect what should be one beer to a significantly cheaper beer (and obviously a far different one). Gross. It's not always the case. In our case, we are new to the area, are exploring and wanted to have a beer on our little stroll, completely sober. And we've drank Blue Moon far long enough to know what Blue Moon is and, certainly, what it is not. We were given a beer far different in color, thickness and taste. Don't try to pass on one beer as another and think people won't catch on.I'm not going to understate it...this could have been the best fried chicken I've ever had.  Breading was fantastic and the meat was tender.  Three nice sized pieces of chicken.  Amazing flavor.  My side of red beans and rice was average at best, but stop for the fried chicken.
We did eat at this location because it was close to our hotel but there are multiple locations on Bourbon Street as well.  As the sign says, food so good you will slap yo mama!Good was really hot and tasty, went there before Bourbon street to get something in our stomach and it was a great fast stop, I was very satisfied not only by the portions but also the service. The gentleman behind the register was very friendly and offered free info on where to go have a drink.Guess the Chicken shack does not use Yelp. First time-it was an extremely clean establishment. Staff was friendly, and chicken was tasty. Im not big on fried chicken, but this was pretty good. They offer a selection of beer or frozen alcoholic beverages. Ambiance is loud,music blaring...just an overall cool spot.A must stop on the Canal St. Not sure what time they close, I remember going around 3 am, so maybe all night. They have amazing jalapenos and alcoholic beverages. Beer on tap and margaritas as well. Super good chicken, mild, spicy, or in between. My favorite there was the jambalaya.You will find more than one of these restaurants within close proximity of each other so take your pick! We just so happened to patronize this one as a family of four around 10pm on a Tuesday night. The seating is plentiful, the prices are moderate but this location was lacking in customer service. The staff wasn't friendly at all. 
This was our first time trying the brand and I will say I enjoyed my chicken strips and fries. However, the best part of my meal and is what we keep me coming back is their honey biscuits. They are like nothing I have tasted anywhere else. GET THE BISCUITS! I also tasted my husbands red beans and rice. It was just okay to me. It wasn't an authentic New Orleans red beans and rice, more of a commercial red beans and rice, similar to Popeye's.
For it to be so late at night, I feel it is an appropriate atmosphere for children. They had a security guard there on duty. The place got crowded really quick.
They keep track of orders by giving you a number to place on your table after you order your meal. They were rather fast with getting people serviced.
There is NO Parking, its conveniently located for walking if you are staying on Canal Street or within the French Quarter.My boyfriend and I were coming from VA, we've had a bunch of fast food fried chicken places but have yet to try Willie's.
We opted for 3 piece Chicken Tenders meal comes with a biscuit and a side $9. We chose jambalaya (rice) as our side I think the chicken wings are alright the strong points here are the tenders and biscuits. I could eat those biscuits all day. I never had a biscuit so moist and sweet in my life. I can't stand when they're dry nooo these are def the opposite. Don't forget to try the sauces on the table. I think out of all the locations we passed on Bourbon this one is a lot more nicer and roomier.
I had no problem with the service at all, for it was slow when we arrived about 5 pm on a Monday. Will come back just to order the 3 pc tenders and biscuits.This was some really good chicken. Good late night bite. It came out super hot. The staff was really friendly. Love the biscuit. And the drinks was strong. That Hurricane snuck up on me. Lol. Definitely will be going again before my trip ends.I must say I came here after being on a binge of eating New Orleans amazing seafood. I wanted to eat something simple and quick so I decided to come to Willie's Chicken Shack. It was quick but nonetheless it was not simply. I got the 3 pcs fried chicken meal and it was amazing. The chicken was fried crispy and was very moist. The chicken is seasoned very well and made me want to eat every piece. The fries are crispy just like I like them and have a nice flavor. I actually ate here twice and the first time I had the shrimp basket. The shrimp was fried crispy and to perfection. While waiting I decided to get a frozen daiquiri with my meal. I settled on the pina colada made with Bacardi rum. I must say that the drinks are very strong but they taste really good. The bartender recommended that I mix the strawberry daiquiris and and the pina colada daiquiris together to tone down the alcohol. Her recommendation was accurate and very appreciated. I definitely got a nice buzz from their daiquiris. I can not remember her name but she was definitely a very nice and friendly young lady. Overall, I would definitely visit this spot again. Even if I was not purchasing food, I would stop in just to get one of their amazing drinks.Amazing Louisiana comfort food.
Great taste and super crispy.
Chicken was delicious, slecially the chicken tenders. If you need a great place to try new Orleans fried chicken this is the place.Delicious and crsipy chicken. The honey biscuits are to die for and they serve them all times of day - which is great. The biscuits are sweet and sticky (from.the honey) but also crispy. The chicken is also crispy and a little juicy. It's super fast to be served and a cool atmosphere. Great snack no matter what time of day.Totally left the bar after a holiday party thinking I'm going to go to McDonald's or Taco Bell or some run-of-the-mill generic fast food joint stop at Willie's Chicken Shack on Canal Street great experience management staff is on point food is amazing TVs playing current news and sports daiquiri shop is clean and crisp no complaints excellent experienceI swear Willie's is like a liquor store in New Orleans. One in every corner.. Served chicken with all the fixings. And even have all the strong drinks and beer. Almost one stop shop. You can also come back later when you're pretty tipsy and feel a little hungry. 
I tried the chicken. I'm ok with it. I have tasted better. Nothing significant to it.. a good cure when you need something to suck up all your liquor in your system. 
I love how it's convenient it is.. So many available, Has all the strong drinks, served beers and other things. You can start your night here or end it here!Damn that's some good fried chicken. 
Eaten here three times in a matter of a day. Those chicken tenders accompanied by a mass amount of alcohol around you is like heaven. Crispy and crunchy on the outside and juicy in the inside. They got like 6 types of sauces on table to use and yes I did make a cocktail of all of the dips and it was bomb.
I'll probably eat here an extra 10 times before I go back home. The girl working last night was super nice too. She saw me waiting for my food and went back to check where it was. For me, if you're dealing with Bourbon street peeps all night and can still have any sign of customer service is a ok with me. Keep doing your thing peeps!Best chicken in town!! It's seasoned well, the skin is crispy, and the meat is juicy. This chicken had me eating the skin and I don't even eat the skin!Ok so I was kind of hesitant to go in because it was empty. But we were on our way to the Whitney Plantation tour and it was about an hour drive so we wanted to get something quick. Checked out the reviews one more time and we went in. Honestly the chicken was pretty good tasted fresh and it was seasoned. The biscuits were soft and yummy especially with the honey. They also have the daiquiri machines and they had some great flavors we end up getting souvenir cups. Oh and it did get crowded not too long after we ordered. the vibe is really cool they play r&b music and  they have a decent amount of seats if you want to dine in. Ok so we actually went here three times during our stay lol mostly for the drinks we can chicken anywhere. The customer service was awesome. The cashier let us sample as may flavors as we wanted and then did a cute swirl mix that was really good. The cashier also recommended this gooey dessert thing and chiiiiiild let me tell you thang was shhhhweeet you need one gallon of water per bite lol. Im glad we went there it sucks some people didnt have good experiences but my experience was pretty cool folks. Check it outLord where do I began ‍ okay so I came here right after the OTRII concert with Beyoncé and Jay Z and the line was out the door because it was on a Thursday and everything else on canal was closed. This was my first time trying this place So after waiting in line for about 10 minutes I decided I was going to dine in since it took so long to place my order (this was at 1 am). The girl that placed my order was really nice and friendly. So once's they gave me a number and sat down I had two ladies sit down at the table beside me that was behind me in the line. While I was waiting I noticed that other people had been waiting close to an hour for food so I was gearing up to wait even longer for food. After about 30 minutes I saw that people that placed there order after me had gotten there food and me and the other two ladies sitting across from me both noticed it and got confused af! So we decided that if it got to an hour and no one brought our food then we would go find a manager. So of course one hour passed and me and the other ladies found the manger running around like a crazy person & scrambling to help his staff. When we finally got his attention about our food he told us that they had lost all of the tickets and people was just taking random food as they were being passed out! So at this point is 2 am and I'm like okay so can we get our food and he took our receipts (thank God we kept them) and started to get our food prepared. So by the time my food was being plated I asked the other cashier who was a short Hispanic/black looking female if I could have a extra biscuit for my wait and she told me no and throw my food into the bag which really pissed me off. Once she walked away I asked one of the cooks if I could have one and they gave me one. Once the cashier returned I asked if they had any of the special sauce to-go and she once again responded with a attitude and told me no so at they point I was anger and hungry so I take my food and sit down and she told me that after all that time I waited that I couldn't eat my food there because there because they had just closed! Wtf! So me and several other customers was beyond pissed and luckily the cashier that placed my order decided to do damage control (because the manger wasn't) and offered us a free bottled drink and some desert. Once I finally got to my hotel room to eat at 4 am the two biscuits were not cooked completely and the jambalaya looked like wet dog food, the only thing that saved the meal was the chicken tenders. This was a waste of time and I won't be returning!I'm from VA and if you get anything from Willie's I would suggest its best if you try their chicken tenders and biscuits. Those two items are def worth trying. The jambalaya is decent for fast food, that's what I got as my side since I was feeling the rice. 
Prices are alright but it's def a spot worth try. Their iced drinks are potent for sure and will give you brain freeze. Don't forget to ask for sauces on the side!What delicious fried chicken! The mac & cheese was on point too; not bland and very creamy. Great service but seriously you have to try the chicken.The chicken is good and seem to be fresh. Customer service is the problem. So in the area of customer service they suck. Would I come here again yes but would I expect much HELL NO.Horrible service from an employee. Check your attitude before helping your guest in your shop.This establishment is a fast food rip-off fraud, piggy backing on the name of a local late great icon, Willie Mae Seaton of Willie Mae's Scotch House.
The chicken is horrible, the pizza is sub par, & the establishment is a filthy mess. Included in this post are screenshots of videos I took of the rats that take over the place at night.
AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!!!Amazing fried chicken with very reasonable prices. I enjoyed the wings with their special sauce. The biscuits are out of this world. Daiquiris seemed good, but not sure how they compare to the dozen other options on Bourbon street.Went here to grab to go draft beers before we were about to start our ghost tour in night. Lady server didn't greeted us ever after we stood waiting at counter for 3-4 mins. She was busy talking.
Although, beers are good here. And economical for the size. Tried previous night too. Overall restaurant is good and near to jackson square. Good interiors. Finding restroom is a maze runner but still it's there.there's no Yelp page for Willie's Pizza Joint so my experience will be posted here. 
I came through with a handful of friends Saturday night and was met by the rudest employee I ever encountered. I ordered two slices of pizza which was handed to me. then I proceeded to check out and pay. During this time, my friend requested another slice, I walked over to the pepperoni pizza and asked rude employee for a specific slice. He picks the slice up and pretends to plate it but I watched him plate a different slice. He came to the register and handed me the pizza. I informed him that this wasn't the slice I requested & he told me "it doesn't matter because that's the slice I am going to get and there's nothing I can do about it." Well, I asked for a refund and left because that's what I can do about it.
I'm not sure why he felt the need to be rude, it wasn't necessary. I was just trying to eat pizza after drinking ! I posted his picture btw.The chicken was good, but not earth shatteringly delicious.  It did the trick on an empty stomach though.This time around we didn't grab any food just a daiquiri drink. I mixed two flavors together thinking it was going to get me to feeeeeeling the drink and I most definitely did not! A little disappointed! But the flavor options were really good to choose from.I tried this place twice while staying in the French Quarter, the first time I tried it I was really hungry and thought it was delicious  and the chicken and fries were very hot !!!! The second time it seems the flavor was lacking and everything was cold.... even though it was cold the biscuit was still good !!!!The fried chicken was tasty, crunchy and topped with the biscuit was the best. I only took away a star because there was no public bathrooms.Step right up and get a giant tube of alcoholic Slurpee for $12!
Stagger out onto Bourbon Street and try to avoid brain freeze long enough to escape the area without being groped.I would say it is equal weight with a KFC. Gets the job done - has a decent selection of fried chicken and seafood.Awesome spot for some fried chicken... I especially loved the side of Mac and cheese. Pro tip: ask for honey and hot sauce, you won't regret it !
There is a wait, so don't come starving. There's also the option of taking food to go if you don't want to wait on a long line :)We LOVE this place!  The food is great. The booze is great. The atmosphere is awesome. Great music. Good times. And amazing staff. Shout out to Brianna. Who literally made out Day.This weekend I had the pleasure of visiting 2 different locations and this location was horrible. From the staff to the cleaningnes of the location. The girl that was taking my order didnt add my drink to my order and asked me to leave her a $9 tip and she would give me the beer of my choice. I found it really odd that she asked me for a $9 tip for a beer. When she took my sister's order she also charged $9 worth of beer. When my sister asked for an itemized receipt she couldn't really explain what she was charging her for because she had added a 2 for $7.00 Corona charge but my sister only received one amber beer with her order. The location itself was dirty and food tasted like it was sitting there forever. Whatever you do NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION!! Try a different location.Fast food chicken. The buffalo sauce was good. Fries were good. The biscuit was amazinggggggf. Food came out quick n hot. No complaints!The chicken was decent. Actually pretty good. It was everything else that was a mess. The music was way way too loud. Yes, I understand the clientele, and it's kind of a party atmosphere but when you watch 3 groups of people walk in and walk out in the span of a few minutes without ordering, there may be a problem. Between staring at the speakers because of the volume and not being able to get to the counter to order because guests who have already ordered  are crushing their daqueris while posting IG stories are clogging the area, it's a recipe for failure.  Of course we put up with it and watched it all go down because it's entertaining, but it sure seemed like a wasted opportunity in a busy location.  Maybe the employees could be a little more interested? Probably too much to ask. 
If you can get to the counter to order, the chicken is decent and worth a shot.Yaaaasss!!!! Willies chicken I'm not gonna lie what got us in the door was the music! We had never heard of this place until we saw it online right before walking up and they were jammin! Well the food was just as good as the music we ate there 3 times in two days.... We survived off of Willie's the whole weekend. And for dealing with drunks all day the workers were nice and had a smile on their face.Biscuits made from heaven! Hot moist buttery honeyed biscuits. Chicken is seasoned to perfection and is awesomeWillie chicken stack stole crispy crunch recipe and that's what you giving is not a black man recipe they're ripping the public off stealing from the black race I thought black life matters but Willie's is stealing our whole culture and telling people he's selling black people checking and he selling Krispy krunchyI only ordered a small drink to go. I had the williecolada. It was about $12.50. Meh, Be cool if it was $10. I'd feel better with that price lol. But I could taste the liquor and the flavor of colada was there. Many other flavors to try too.I asked for a fresh slice of pizza and after paying the fat manager told me that I had to get a slice that has been sitting out. Ghetto and not professional at all!1st off let me say my grannys biscuits ain't got nothing on these biscuits. Probably one of the best biscuits I've ever had. Sweet and soft. It adds an amazing sweet side to the cajun chicken.  The chicken tenders were juicy and crispy and had a hit of spice. Dont for get to have a cocktail while your there we split a large hurricane and it was amazing. Not to strong of taste of alcohol but strong enough to give you a buzz.Not impressed, chicken was dry, too salty. Expensive combos. Example of service is like the DMV, customers are not the priority even if you're the only one in line, the employee is more important than you. Spent $54 for 8 piece only, 3 chicken fingers with the worse jumbalya and drinks. False advertising on menu board, the Buffalo wings biggest order is 6 pieces but they show what look likes a 30 piece plate. I've been two times to give them a second chance, still the same bad quality and bad service.This is the best Willies Chicken location they have!!! Dont go to any other! Service was awesome and they were nice enough to replace the fries and biscuits for two extra tenders because it was our first time trying it out and we don't like fries or biscuits. Love the staff! So nice! Avoid the Decater St Willies chicken Shack and come to this one instead!This place is super good! Friend chicken and alcohol slushees inn NOLA it being hot as hell def my kinda place especially cause the music was awesome, felt like I was at the beach club. The guy serving us was super nice too. We came during the pandemic so no lines!!!Everything was hot and delicious. I got a 2 pic dark with ff. Ordered side of red beans. Everthinh was suberb.Decent chicken and fries but a little on the expensive side for what you get. This location is very loud! There is not much open in the evening in the area for eats, so it is definitely convenient but don't bother trying to have a conversation here.Probably some of the best fried chicken I've ever eaten! Perfectly fried, not greasy, and super tender! 
Just like anywhere else on bourbon st, nothing was super clean, but it was decent. Trash was picked up quickly from the tables, so more people can come in and grab a bite. Slushy drinks were made quickly and super tasty as well!This was a great experience fun and professional. This one is definitely my fav!!! Shantell and her team was great !!!Half of the staff is friendly, the other half are rude. The food was good, but ask for it fresh otherwise it is mediocre.For a fast food place the food is pretty good however the service is horrendous.  Standing under a sign that says "Order Here" expect to be ignored while other guests standing nowhere near there get taken care of.  If you are fortunate to have your order taken while you are waiting if you turn around good luck finishing a seat because you will get the bums rush.  Sad especially on bourbon street where it's late and there are few options u shouldn't make your guests feel like you don't appreciate their business by taking away seating while they order so they can't sit down after you have taken their money.  
* update 11/27/2017- customer service responded asking to be messaged directly the exact date and time.  First the review was left 9/4/17- almost 3 months ago and NOW you are responding?   I couldn't tell you the time but if a customer is treated so poorly that they feel the need to leave a review it's pretty safe to assume it was left that day.Willie's has good chicken fingers. My husband and I stopped by this location while waiting for our swamp tour bus to pick us up. It was right up the street from our hotel on Bourbon. They serve fried chicken hence the name Chicken Shack. Their chicken finders were actually pretty good. My husband and I shared a 3 piece Cajun style chicken finger plate. We got fries and a biscuit. The chicken tenders were spicy hence the name "Cajun style". They were so good with BBQ and Honey Mustard Sauce. They also made our chicken fingers fresh but it took literally like 20-25 min. Luckily, we were the first stop that the tour bus stopped at. The bus waited a few minutes. The bus literally had to pull up right in front of Willies for my husband to catch the bus. I had to walk back to the hotel and catch it there so we could hold our spot. 
However, their jambalaya was just meh. It had a good flavor but it tasted a day old. It literally tasted like they just pulled it out the fridge and heated it up. It was not fresh at all. The chicken tasted "reheated". They use their fried chicken in the jambalaya. It added a nice crunch but it wasn't what I was use to. 
Overall, Willie's has good chicken fingers. If you go I would suggest getting the chicken fingers or chicken. It will be fresh although you may wait a little minute. I would recommend having a few minutes to wait.Yesssssss!!!! Give me more!!! Catfish, fries, biscuit, beans and rice!!!!!! Ohhhhhh I was so satisfied with my 1st visit to Willies while visiting NOLA. Willie's offers fried goodness including chicken. In addition to food, they also serve frozen adult beverages in various flavors. Willie's presents as a bar type cafe with booming fun music. Willie's is open until late in the night serving food and offering a fun atmosphere. Willie's has multiple locations throughout NOLA. My happiest moment was finding out that the beans/rice were vegetarian! It's very rare to find vegetarian beans/rice. *Yes, I eat seafood but not the land animals. If you're in the area, definitely check it out! You will not be disappointed. PS Willie's please open a location in MN!Best Fried chicken ever. The service was alright. The cashier is talking to other people/employees while taking my order and seemed spaced out. 
We got our food quick and super hot. 
Can't wait to eat here again
 Hopefully better customer service. 
Pretend to care just a little bit.By far the worst. Over an hour for a 4 piece and a catfish order. And when I finally asked why I was waiting for a long time they told me they were busy since 4pm. Not my problem. They don't understand time management, girls were behind the line dancing .Theirs no sense of urgency at all. She was putting in chicken an order at a time ?   Cleanliness was an all time low . No communication. I had front row seats for an hour so I saw everything . People were complaining that were only waiting 10-15 mins. Not sure what the girls name was with the short blue hair, but she was nice and efficient when it came to ordering and taking my money . DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION NO MATTER HOW HUNGRY YOU ARE 
There shouldn't only be 2 people working on a busy nightChileeeee huntyyyyy... The chicken was amazing and the drinks were great . Just a weird hovering manager (he was white) was staring at us the whole time we were talking and joking with his employee. The employees are friendly and very politeVery good quick service fried chicken. Plenty of beer options and daiquiri options are also available. They make everything fresh to order. Good sauces. Located on Bourbon Street so it is always full of drunken characters. Someone was murdered there during Mardi Gras but if you can get past that the fried chicken is on point.BEST CHICKEN I HAVE EVER HAD! kind of hard to find but everything was delicious!! Please make a stop here it you are in NOLA.This fried chicken, these biscuits, fries, and SAUCE.. SO delicious. Hit the spot after a few cocktails. I may even hit then up again before we leave the area.Greatest place to eat in New Orleans. Will definitely recommend the chicken tender basket and the voodoo juice daiquiri!  Just not another chain but they serve quality food and great drinks. Willies is just as much a part of New Orleans as the Beignet!!Definitely not the best fried chicken you'll ever have. It's different has a different taste to it, which is a good thing.  The crunch is ok but you can get that at alot of other places.  I just tried it because it's in a tourist place on bourbon street
The biscuit is excellent. The fries are full of grease.The women who gave me my food refused to give me ranch even tough I asked for it when I checked out. She pretended to only speak French than spoke to me in English and Spanish.... Funny how my friend asked for the ranch and was given it immediately. The staff is absolutely unbelievably rude.Came here just for the daiquiris. We ordered the $14 souvenir cup daiquiris. I got a mix of Margarita and blue hypnotic. It was tasty but I felt like it barely had any liquor so I felt like it was a waste of money. I would have given it 2 stars but the manager noticed my boyfriend's cup was cracked as he was drinking it. They gave him a new cup and topped off the new cup with more daiquiri. I would come back but I think I would add a shot to it.I came here on my last day in NOLA, and I'm so glad that I did. I came here around 10pm, and it was PACKED. The workers there were all really friendly and professional, and the food - the FOOD. I'm a fried chicken lover and this fried chicken made all the fried chicken out there proud. It was crunchy and the chicken itself was juicy. The biscuits were so buttery and delicious, too. My boyfriend got the fried fish - he said it was just okay, but he also might've just been full from the fried chicken he ate before eating the fried catfish. Highly recommend - I can't wait to come to NOLA again so I can eat more of their fried chicken!First went to willie's in 2011. The honey baked biscuits and chicken were sooooo good. During our 3 day trip to new orleans, we went to willie's every day. Came back to new orleans in 2016 & could not remember the name of the restaurant, but eventually found it, & i was not disappointed. The food was still delicious 5 years later. Went back again in 2019 & it was a totally different story. The chicken (tried the tenders, wings, and whole pieces) was not good. The flavor/seasonigs were not the same as we remembered and the biscuits had this new weird thick honey spread on them. They put waaaay too much of it on the biscuits and they weren't as good as the years before. If the recipe isn't broken, don't "fix" it!!! We went to two different locations hoping that we would have a different result, but it all tasted the same. Mediocre, bland, not fresh, and they definitely changed their recipes, & they should go back to the original recipes.Oh my goodness! Great late night meal / snack that hit the spot.  So Good Makes You Wanna Slap Yo Mama! 
We were all just out having a good time trying to have some good late night food. A  couple hours before we ate pizza then we came to this place and it was Poppin! I know you wouldn't consider this place stereotypically French Quarter Bourbon Street authentic but man the drinks were great the service was great the people were cool, it was so cold outside that the chicken warmed my soul when my tongues taste buds first contacted the sweetness.
The ordering is in and out very simple and not too overwhelming of a menu to figure out what you actually want. 
Sit down if there is room and just have a good fun time talk over some plans about what you're going to do in New Orleans the rest of the day over some alcoholic drinks that they serve sometimes as well. Enjoy this great little Goldmine Quick Stop to fill your tummy in between Big Boy meals. 
Easy peezy chicken greasy!This chicken has to be the best fried chicken I've had so far. The skin is perfectly crisp while still leaving the inside meat nice and juicy. Their house sauce is a nice compliment to the chicken as well. The honey butter biscuits are great by themselves. Quick service as well and they play great music.We went here and were meeted with mediocre service. There was someone who had cancer who had bladder problems with us and when explained to multiple employees he were denied the restroom. The staff were under accommodating and not like to service that we are received at all the other restaurants we have been to in the area. We have had great service everywhere but this restaurant falls  short  completely.They have really good French fries! Great chicken and fun atmosphere!! Worth a try if you're in the area.This is a tourist trap. It's not the real Willie Mays scotch bonnet. This is owned by a company who makes a lot of souvenirs and they sell on bourbon. That's why you'll see several of those place down there. If you really want the real Willie Mays you have to go to the treme to get it. Other than that I mean it's crunchy fried chicken but it's not. It's not the real Willie Mays so it is a tourist trapEasy to find on Bourbon Street. 
Food is made to order. 
Staff was friendly. 
Decor is a solid meh. 
Appeared cleanish. 
Prices were a bit high. 
Ordered:
3 piece chicken tender - fine, no better than Popeyes
Biscuit - ok, little sweet 
Fries - Typical, again not better than PopeyesFirst stop in New Orleans after a long drive. Just walking around Bourbon St. and wanted a dacqari. Willies was lit on a Sunday night. Waited in line a little bit. Service was awesome. Drinks were on point. Very good. I saw a whole lotta chicken going out to other patrons. I said to myself " I am going to have some Willies chicken before I leave NO. See upcoming review.... .anyway, everyone was having a great time at Willies. The dacqaries were awesome. We left and walked around, drinks in hand. I will return to Willie's for sure.We ordered the buffalo chicken wings. The buffalo sauce was really good but the wings were so over cooked and dry. They were the worst wings I ever had. Probably will never go back. For such a good location in N.O I expected better.Ordered the chicken tenders basket that came with fries and a biscuit.   Man this place was good! Chicken was a mixture of crunchy, juicy tender goodness.  Biscuit was sweet and moist so it added a nice balance. My favorite part of it all was the amazing dipping sauces and I loved all of them from bbq to honey mustard.  I kinda wish they had one out here in the east bay, but if they did I could see myself getting addicted to it and getting my arteries clogged.My experience with Willies was good. I attempted to enjoy Willies on two separate occasions. My initial attempt was stifled by a baggage defect in which the sheer juiciness of the wings made the bag bust open. My juicy buffalo wings were strewn upon the street and I was devastated. I stared down onto the beautiful red color of the shack chicken and knew that bourbon street was now the owner of the chicken. I had to walk myself home wearing my new buffalo chicken disaster on my pants. On my second attempt, I absolutely slayed the buffalo wings. Absolutely savage next day effects though. 4 stars for the bag being crappy.This place absolutely has the best biscuits ever. It is a MUST try! The drinks are great, be careful, they are strong. I recommend the Willie's voodoo cocktail or Bloody Mary.I'm so sad they got rid of their biscuits but I still think this place is great for what you're paying for. Late night junk food fried chicken tenders and yummy sauce. It's not anything compared to Willie Mae's but why compare a fast food spot to a real fried chicken joint. It's open till 2am or later and it's gonna hit the spot, believe me.Greasy fried chicken!!! Great place if you have a hangover! They're all over Bourbon street. Chain restaurant but they have pretty decent chicken.If you are looking for greasy, southern-fried foods, this is the place.  We stopped in here because it was late, few places were open, and we wanted some french fries.  We just happened to sit right in front of the deep fryers, and got to watch the entire process.  
The fries were decent, and, for Bourbon Street, the price was fair.  The service was pretty good, and the cook seemed to be pretty conscientious.  Just know that nothing you order here is likely cooked to order.  Most stuff just sits there, already cooked, waiting for people to eat it.  The cook "times" his cooks.  That's not a bad thing, and it's not unusual.  I just thought it was worth mentioning.  
Oh, by the way, since the establishment is on Bourbon Street, they want you to buy something before you used the bathrooms.  Fair enough.  The code to get into the bathroom will be on your food receipt.  
This place is pretty typical New Orleans fast food - nothing really healthy.  The service was, however, better than at most places.A friend wanted us to try the chicken she said was good. I ordered the Cajun chicken strips with fries. It was ok. Nothing fancy. They do have some boom boom sauce on the table that goes great with the strips. If you want chicken when here try this place.All i can say is the food is average at best!!!! This place is quick, the service sucks and the people are lazy and customer service does not exist at all. Lastly the prices are high and its a waste of money. Keep walkingGreat chicken - rather pricey. Friendly staff. Fun and poplar spot. Drinks are "ok".  I'd recommend this place.Let me begin by saying that the one I want to review is the one on the other side of Bourbon Street, but that is not an option on Yelp! That being said, this is a chain restaurant and so the food must be very similar as is the customer service.
The customer service was pretty good, there were very nice people working there. Now the food, not so good at all. I'm surprised I didn't get diarrhea from eating here. I had jambalaya and it was a sloppy mess of stale chicken and who knows what else was in the rice. The redeeming quality and I strongly recommend this place for this one reason: THE BISCUITS!!!!!! The biscuits they have here are down right amazing and like nothing I have ever tasted in my life. They are slightly sweet on the outside and baked to perfection. I tasted a bite of my husband's (haha!) and it was so good I bought my own. The lady could tell that we were newbies to New Orleans and she hooked us up with 2 additional ones free of charge.
So don't bother eating here. Just GET THE BISCUITS!Who wants some hot, crispy, delicious, juicy chicken????  Me!  Me!  After an unsatisfying dinner at Kingfish I was left wandering Bourbon Street hungry so we popped in here to grab something to fill my tummy.  The chicken was served burn your fingers hot, along side with some fries, and a buttery biscuit.  Thank you so much for filling my tummy with your delish fried chicken.  Writing this review makes me want a piece of fried chicken right now!Yasssssss nuthin better than willies shack. my quick to go places when I'm here on a busy weekend n jus wanna get a quick delicious bite somewhere. Also there Bloody Mary is sooo good with that fried chicken thoughyes there is better chicken in new orleans, but late at night, when you're starving and tired, this place is heaven. always hot and crispy, i'd never say no.The staff were very rude. Asked me "why are you here on bourbon st. When there are people dying in Houston"... how could
One ruin my vacation like that. Did not enjoy. My friend ordered I didn't.The owner is very rude! I order a two pieces mixed & 3 pieces mixed.. I asked for a breast on 3 piece.. when I got my order it was cold.. I asked for hot chicken & fries never got it.. I asked the cook when was the last time the grease was changed he said '2 weeks ago'.. I asked for a refund & owner said grease was still fresh!!!! Seriously your on Burbon! Never again! Ai was sick the next day! Don't do it!!It was late, and we were strolling down Bourbon St. with grumbling stomachs. We stumbled upon Willie's and were excited for a quick bite of some fried chicken. 
We ordered their wings, and it came out very shortly afterwards. Quick and friendly service! Wings were crispy and good-sized. A simple yet satisfying meal. 
Not much else to say about this place. It's a good place to grab a quick bite, and they also serve drinks. Come in when you're hungry and drunk late at night, and I'm sure the fried chicken will taste like the best thing ever.I got to create my own alcoholic beverage! It was awesome!Biscuit was delicious!!! Everything on menu is deep fried.  Music was loud.  Chicken tenders were good.  The fries ..don't bother.Decided to stop by last night wanted some chicken but too tired today open for lunch. Ordered 2 piece white.  The fries are season fries taste like Popeyes fries the chicken was different nice flavors.  Chicken was tender very good.. lastly they give you a honey biscuit like Church chicken. 
With the exception of the fries. Everything was above averageThis chicken is to spicy the hypnotic daiquiri was okay there are different dipping sauces available I was scared of the customersWe popped in here soon after arriving in the Big Easy. It wasn't my first choice, but my wife was hungry after the long ride. I was very pleasantly surprised. Great chicken, amazing biscuits. I had jambalaya which was very good, wife had seasoned fries. Staff was friendly and attentive. Bonus, Miller Lites were 2 for 1. For a hole in the wall, I was impressed. Was pricey though.The fried chicken is just okay, the rolls with honey were amazing. The thing I didn't like about this place is you have to wait in one line to place your order and pay, but they don't pass that order onto the kitchen. You then have to wait in another line and you give them your receipt and that's when they begin to put your order together. I ended up waiting 30 minutes for something I should have had in 5 minThis place has the worst daiquiri in new orleans. I brought one with my girl last night and right away noticed that there is no alcohol in the drinks. After 30 mins of walking down the strip we noticed that our stomachs were acting up. My girl ended up throwing everything out and I been up all night with stomach pain which I can't get rid from my stomach. This place sells poison.Monique is the best, but no bathrooms. Awesome chicken and daiquiris. Honey mustard is good too!!You bastards really got me hooked on the delicious crispy and oh so good chicken. The biscuit was awesome, god just thinking about it I'm already salivating. I guess appearance isn't everything because when I walked in, it was nothing but ghetto ass booty bumping music and lack of enthusiasm from the employees. One bite out of the chicken I thought to myself "Them nola's really know their chicken" to bad I was only at the french quarters for 1 night, I didn't just go there 1 time that same night but 2 times and had another 3 piece to go. I will most definitely be back but seriously chill out with the music tune it down a bit. Also you guys got Willie Mae's beat which is a surprise since they had more stars and reviews than Willie's chicken shack.So good! Food was hot and fresh, fries were just moments out of the fryer. 4 different sauces on your table, all were great. Frozen drinks were quite pricy for the size, but the chicken is a decent value due to the high quality.Really bad Fried chicken.  IT was SUPER greasy and tasted like they had not changed the oil in weeks.  This is a place to avoid... Better off going to Popeye's then this place.This is a great place to get a fruity frozen drink and fried things after walking around all day.
Do yourself a favor and get a 6 pack of the honey butter biscuits. 
We get the chicken tenders. If you stay in the store, there is this spicy mayo dipping sauce. If you take your food togo, that sauce will cost you a dollar. 
Cheap. Drunk food. And more booze.Really good drunk food.  Very very limited seating though so if Bourbon St. is crowded be prepared to eat standing up.  Throw some honey and hot sauce on your chicken!CHICKEN IS HOT AND FRESH, super crispy and definitely the spot to go on bourbon after a long night of drunchies!! Recommend this place to anyone coming out of town, I ate this everyday for three days and have no complaints!Food is good if you want a quick meal. Haven't tried their daiquiris yet though. 3 locations on Bourbon Street.Eat this chicken and rice after a night of drinking and you will feel great in the morning. The chicken was fresh and those beans and rice were very hearty. I loved it so much that I had to visit each night.There are probably better fried chicken places than this somewhat commercialized local chain.  My cajun tenders were undercooked, although the fries and biscuit were pretty good.  Very slow service for a place that has everything prepared and waiting.  If you go sober, you'll definitely be an odd ball.Willie's, in my opinion, is a staple on Bourbon street. It opens late and serves food that is great after a night or even during a night of drinking.
I came and ordered the fried cajun chicken tenders, which were kinda expensive, but so delicious. The chicken was cooked well and it just felt like a refined Popeye's.
I think of Willie's as my go to memory of Bourbon street.As for as food on bourbon st.  this place was not so bad.  As for as the service  not so good.   It started out ok.   We are locals and went in for the first time to grab a bite to eat.  I had a friend that I knew needed to sit for a min and try to get some food down.  This is not a norm for my friend  but, we have all been there every now and then.   She wound up getting sick,  I felt horriable about it  I even tiped the guy that had to clean it up ten bucks.   The girl working the counter then was very rude,  Saying I needed to get her out that this was ridiculous.  Have some compassion,  its bourbon st for goodness sake.   What do you expect.  I work in the quarter as well it comes with the territory.   I know sometimes you have to be a little forceful in the quarter with people but you also need to look at it case by case some times its best to deal with problems a little better.   As for me and my friends we will deff never be back to willie's .  I know that wont mean much to the owners and staff of the place  they have plenty of buisness without us.I'm currently here. I order the wings, catfish, and jambalaya. The chicken and fish was cooked perfectly. The jambalaya and biscuits were the worst that I have ever tasted. The rice was mushy and the biscuits were fought. I spoke with the manager that was definitely education challenged and seemed to not worried that he is selling food that is not good. Next time I come back it will not be here.Always very hot food with a great taste! A must when drinking on Bourbon. Prices aren't too high either.Walked around bourbon street and kept seeing these chicken shacks just about every block do I knew I had to try this after a night out.  Got the 2 piece meal and walked it to our hotel. The chicken was amazing. I loved the crispy crunchy skin I wish I had gotten a few more. Fries were good and didn't get a chance to eat the rolls that came with the meal.This chicken was freakin delicious!  I like to think i've had my fair amount of fried chicken.  I spent like... 11 bucks.  And i had 5 chicken wings and like a quarter chicken and fries...  Value for dollar is on point. oh man and the biscuit...  i stole one from the drunk girl next to me just to have another....  ;)  sorry but i was on one!
Taste:  Awesome.  Perfect for the drunk and disorderly at 4am!
good times.  If you get a chance to stop by you wont be dissapointed!The chicken wings are very tasty. You really so get your money's worth here. Right on Canal Street is a great location.OMG. Delicious warm fluffy biscuits and the juiciest chicken tenders I've ever had. We stopped by here after our adventures on bourbon street, the smells lured us in. My friend ended up buying extra biscuits to go because they are just that good.I visited New Orleans for the first time this past weekend and I really had a good time. I went to this place after I had a few too many drinks and I needed something on my stomach. I honestly don't remember placing the order (or looking at the menu) but I paid and was handed this nice plate of food. The chicken was HOT, JUICY & FLAVORFUL. I ate it all with no hesitation. I don't remember eating the fries but I'm sure they were good since my group of friends say I refused to share. I do remember talking to the lady at the register and she was super sweet and friendly. They have a Willies on almost every block so you can't miss it!After a long day of hand grenades and exploring the "big easy", I decided to endulge into some delicious fried chicken. I had the Cajun chicken strips and loved it. It definitely hit the spot. I shall come back for more before I leave.Not even going to lie, when you get the chicken and fresh out of the fryer it is absolutely delicious and wonderful. Great selection of sauces, crisp on the outside juicy and tender on the inside - absolutely loved it and the employees are friendly to boot. Great spot.Customer service was OK. Food was OK, not great and definitely not the best chicken I've ever had! The honey biscuits are good! I order 3 piece tenders and they were greasy. Fries were seasoned and average! No need to try again....Great place to go to after a day of walking around town and/or bar hopping. Get the chicken! LOL
By the way, don't go to Krystal.On the cab ride from Amtrak to the hotel, the driver asked us if we had ever had Poppies chicken, we said yes, we were from Chicago and they had stores there.  He drove us by the first Poppies and said you have to try it here.  He said Willies was his second choice. We tried both.  
I thought Willies was the best fried chicken I have ever had! The fries were well seasoned, crisp on the out side and pillow soft on the inside.  We went in the early afternoon so there was no crowd, I don't like go to a fry joint when there is a  crowd and the grease isn't up the temperature. The pieces were large and well seasoned.  The out side was crisp and the meat was very juicyService was good.  The chicken was super crispy and moist.  Definitely hit the spot!  The fries were good but could have been bit more crispy.  The biscuit was awesome!  Very buttery with just enough honey taste.  
It was $7.99 plus tax for 2-piece meal (breast, wing, fries, and biscuit).Friday, 1:00 PM.
Take-out. 
Second lunch.
Quickie:
+  Good food
*  Menu variety
+  Friendly staff
-  Turnaround
-  Cleanliness
And then...?
Greasy fried chicken = dangerous quick snack. 
**********
Stuffed my face in:
1. Chicken strips
     +  Large, juicy pieces of pollllo
Constructive comments:
*Focus on quality of dipping sauces
*Clear recycling
*Option for compost
*Sustainable sourcing and practicesYes! Just got back from NOLA. Willie's Chicken Shack is ZZZZ Best fried chicken, batter crunchy yet light, juicy pieces of chicken. Biscuit with the honey butter baked in hits your tongue with a heavenly calling. Don't miss the seasoned french fries. We picked up Hurricanes and dined inside Willie's. A must do. Don't return home without going to Willie's Chicken Shack. The food servers served Southern hospitality as usual. Thank you Willie's!Located in the French Quarter, this restaurant is great for good ol' Fried Chicken.......I had the chicken strips with fries , which were out of this world.....one must order at the counter and then find a seat...or visa versa......of course the sounds of Bourbon Street are just outside the door.....Quick snack of two pieces of chicken, and wanting more!
Loved the crispy skin and not at all dry.  Right amount of salt.
Hurricane drink: some slushy drink which tasted like fruit punch. Very sweet.  I wanted some water and apparently I'd have to buy some :(
Service was quick and tables were cleanBright. Good music. Clean places to sit super friendly staff. Good chicken (juicy, crispy, a little kick of spice) and different condiments. $10.90 for 3 strips. Had other stuff on menu (red beans and rice, jambalaya, etc) but didn't see or taste it.For all the times I have come to New Orleans and passed the many Willie's Chickens, which I usually bypassed in favor of more typical Cajun fare, I finally stopped to check it out since I was here for a week this visit and went on the last day. It was so delicious and cooked perfect, the crust extra crispy, definitely tasted marinated because the meat was seasoned all the way through, and the pieces were a size you would not complain about. We got 3 pieces, a huge breast, wing, and a drumstick, plenty of tasty hot fries, and a biscuit, and all there was left were bones. It is probably the best fried chicken I ever ate, and Willie's is going to be one of my first meals next time in Nola.HO-MAH-GAH.  Best wings EVER in life. And the honey biscuits will haunt my most blissful cooking dreams forever.  From now on, if anyone ever says they are going to NOLA, I'm going to tell them they need to visit Cafe Du Monde and a Willie's Chicken Shack.Hands down the best fried chicken I have ever had. Ridiculous good....I guess they want a longer review.  A++++++This place was awesome!! I had catfish and shrimp combo... The fish was perfect!!! My hubby had the chicken, not too greasy & great flavor!! The biscuits melt in your
Mouth!!!REALLY GOOD CHICKEN WINGS!  Not sure if it was because my friends and I had been drinking and partying all night and stopped by here inebriated but the fried chicken wings were really good.  They were hot and fresh.  They were a little greasy (I mean it IS fried chicken) but it wasn't so greasy that you felt gross afterwards.  I love the hot sauce they have to eat with the wings.  Very tasty by itself too.  Just wish I was able to try other items here.No, I'm not recommending Willie's for dinner.  That being said, if you're in need of solid eats 'late night' on Bourbon Street, hop in line at Willie's and grab a 2-piece (3 if you have company)!  The lines can seem to take forever, but the food seemed to be worth the wait.  And when you consider a slice of pizza is nearly $5, $8 for a meal is a steal.We didn't have the food but the drinks are amazing! The slushies are perfect for walking around in 100 degree weather! We had the Voodoo Punch and the Hypnotiq. We loved them so much we got them twice!We stopped here because we passed by the place like 3 or 4 times on Bourbon street and the smell kept calling me.... It smelled amazing so my husband and I decided to try it .
The food was not as good as I had hoped . It was pretty blah to be honest , yet pricey for fast food . 
We got the seafood platter , 3 pieces chicken strips and red beans and rice the total came to about $33.00 .  Shocking right especially considering it's fast food .We were on bourbon and stopped at this spot. Honestly this was the best chicken spot I've been to. There was a sauce that we dipped the chicken and fries in. Literally if you're drunk and need a great spot to eat and sober up or just to have t late night chicken. It's a great spot! I would definitely go back. Although this spot to me was a bit expensive for a little chicken spot I realize we are paying for the tourist area. Overall it was great and I would def go back.When  I went to New Orleans I was so hyped to have Popeyes, it was supposed to be better than anywhere else. Long story short, big dissapointment, but let met tell you.  Wille's is how I imagined Popeyes in New Orleans would taste. Perfectly seasoned, cooked...man this chicken was the BEST I ever had. The chicken breast was so juicy and the batter excellent. Do yourself a favor and make sure you get some of this. Skip PopeyeslThe biscuits are the bomb-diggity! Good fried shrimp and decent margaritas. The service was great and it's a very convenient location. Good stuff!Small Daquiris for $10. I guess. But I got 2 large for $24 and man I was disappointed. After drinking half the cup I couldn't feel a thing. I'm a light weight. I should be tipsy. My mother didn't feel anything either. More alcohol pls!!!!Incredible food, it's a game changer. The chicken, the fries, the biscuits, the special sauce....it's a must try. Would probably eat this place 18 times a dayThe owner straight up stole my beers! Seriously, almost caught a case. Do not come here!!!!The drinks are good and tasty. The chicken is good but lawd Jesus the biscuit is AMAZING!!!!!Chicken was not that tasty. Also seemed to have been sitting too long. Popeyes was better. Service just ok.I ate here after many.....many shots. So take this as you will. However, there is almost nothing more satisfying than a greasy meal after hitting the bars! I thought the portions were definitely reasonable, the chicken was crunchy and (at the time) seemed flavorful! Loved... Loved.... The pink sauce at the table, but have no idea what it was. The biscuits were super rich, but amazing (at the time). Not sure if this would be a place I would go normally without a side of liquor, however, it is PERFECT for Bourbon St. madness.Good for what I got.  Went it to get a tall glass of fruity daiquiri and that's what I got.  Pricey yes, $12 for the drink.  Tasted good, gave me enough of a buzz, but that is all I wanted.  Fried chicken smelled like fried heaven.  Didn't have any even after passing three different Willie's locations, but am craving it now back in the hotel.  Will update the review tomorrow after eating some.  The drink however was very good. Technically in a high tourist area, it really wasn't all that expensive.Quick affordable delicious Jambalaya. The service was friendly, fast and efficient and the food was amazing.Awesome fried chicken. This is way better than Popeyes or KFC. They cook everything in front of you so you know it's made fresh.Really good Fried chicken, for a late night stop, love the sauces to choose from, quick food service. Had it two times in three days!Frozen drinks always available. Great flavors, a bit sweet though.  The chicken, OMG. Great sober, even better drunk. We ate here almost everyday. Can't go wrong with the two or three pieces or the tenders. YummmmmWell, I don't really remember it, but wifey said it was goooooood. And she know fried chicken!I tried out Willie's Chicken Shack on Bourbon Street. It was loud and very busy, which I already expected. My order took forever because the cashier/server forgot to give the order to the cook. Once we realized that was the problem, the cook took care of it and even went and got my drinks since the cashier didn't do that either.
The guy that cleans pointed out an available seat to me and cleaned the table as soon as I sat down. 
The chicken was good, well-seasoned, crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. The honey biscuits were delicious.I normally don't write reviews but have to in this case. Bourbon street is dirty and I had incredibly low expectations of this place. I was wrong. The food was AMAZING. I was completely sober and can truthfully say the catfish and fries were the best I've ever had. I will definitely be back tomorrow night!Brah when you're pounding beers back and drinking hand grenades nothing in the world matters more than the question "Where's the food at?" Well you found it damn it! With over several locations on Bourbon street, there's no reason you should be waiting in line at any other place. Order your food, high five your brahs, fist pump, eat food, REPEAT.THE beat chicken I've ever had!!!!!!  Als the daiquiris are great too.  The ladies here are really nice.The chicken was really good!! Hot and fresh and that biscuit!!! I thought it was a bit overpriced but it's in a very touristic location. It's pretty conventient after a night of drinking on bourbon street!!A divey little place on bourbon street with some fantastic fried chicken. They have honey coated biscuits that'll make you beg for more. And if you're thirsty they have bottled drinks or an alcoholic ice blended selection with souvenir containers to drink from. Just come and try this chicken for yourself and you'll agree that it's so good it'll make you wanna slap yo momma!4 in a half.  It's a casual spot on Bourbon st.  The atmosphere is pretty cool.  Good music that is loud with beers and daiquiris.  It goes with the Bourbon street atmosphere.  I really liked their chicken.  Usually at a lot of places, chicken breast is dry, but there's is very moist.  I enjoyed it a lot.  The flavor was very good.  It wasn't too salty like a lot of chicken places.  The fries were good, too.  I wasn't a fan of their biscuit.  It was soggy on the inside, but looked burnt on the outside.  Idk if it was cooked right or not, or if that's just how it's supposed to be.  It seemed doughy on the inside.  Their beers had a good deal, too. It was a 2 for 1.Pleasant surprise. Arrived in town late and hungry. With few food options available I tried Willies. Only option left was chicken fingers. I was skeptical but gave them a try. Juicy, tasty and not at all greasy. Bisquit and fries were also quite good. I enjoyed my meal and would definitely return.Great, crunchy chicken. Service was good considering Bourbon location. Loud music, but it's Bourbon St. ordered 6 piece wings $10. Good selection of bottle and draft beer.What a fantastic time!!  The food was good we had tenders of course LOL.  The crew that was working was beyond hilarious.  We visited during the Saint's season opener so there was nobody else in the joint.  The Saint's were not doing so good and I took the opportunity to dig a bit with the die hard Saints fans.  We had such a good time.  
But seriously folks you really must try one of their drinks.  It was such fun walking around the French Quarter with a rooster cup that said Willie's Cock tails the stiffest in the quarter!!!   BUHAAHAAWe went this afternoon to the Willie's Chicken Shack on Canal Street. The place was clean, very busy, and slow to get their orders taken, once ordered they came through fast! The chicken was cooked nicely, but no flavor stood out any better then other chicken at your local food store. The French fries were tough and had no crispy-ness to them. McDonalds is way better and I don't eat them very much. I must give the credit on the one biscuit them give you was very delicious!  The staff were working their buns off, and behaved unfriendly.So the chicken is AMAZING. I'm from out of town so I thought that the fried chicken was phenomenal. Crispy and hot on the outside with juicy, fresh chicken on the inside. Tenders are huge. The special sauce is delicious. We were told buy multiple locals that Popeyes is their favorite fried chicken. We ended up trying Popeyes (apparently it's WAY different in New Orleans than anywhere else), but I honestly didn't care for it.
Aside from the chicken there are just too many issues with this location in particular. There is no order once the line starts flowing onto the sidewalks of Bourbon Street. They'll randomly form two lines and sometimes cut one line off and not even mention it until you're ready to order only to find out you have to go in another line and wait some more.  Luckily the line moves at a decent speed. The most we waited may have been 30 minutes from the time we stood in line until we got our good. Maybe 40, but doubtful. Order takers aren't the friendliest, but the cooks and staff putting together orders were really sweet despite having to deal with a bunch of drunk idiots at 2 am.
We went back to Willie's the next night and three large rats popped out of the drain pipe and crawled onto the wall. A loud "delete" chant broke out (we were there for Wrestlemania weekend like the rest of the NOLA) and it was pretty funny to be honest. I wasn't too disgusted because we were warned by our hotel staff that almost every place has rats. NOLA has a swamp rat issue and even your 5-star restaurants will have rats scurrying around somewhere within the establishment. I guess Willie's is known for people sighting the rats more than other places. I can't blame the rats for liking the friend chicken, haha.
Also the menu here is the worst. I think all the Bourbon locations are like this. In regards to the tenders you can only order a three piece where the locations on Decatur and Canal are much more spacious, clean and have more options for sides and chicken quantities. And eight piece cajun tender is $16.99 at these locations. Much better value.
At all locations the music is great. Loud. Nice vibe. It's a fun place to keep the party going while you're completely hammered and want to grub out at the same time. They stay open until 3 am on Friday and Saturday and 1 am the rest of the week (Bourbon locations). Sometimes the line would still form after closing time and they didn't kick anyone out of line which was nice of them.Love this place, drunk or not! Consistently tummilicious.  Great fried chicken, Fries, biscuits. Mmmm mmm good. I come here every visit.Went here three times in a span of 5 days and each time the chicken lived up to my expectations! The fingers are amazingly delicious! They are light,  crispy and hit the spot... oh lets not leave out the scrumptious honey drizzled biscuit!These things are all over New Orleans. And at first I avoided them for "authentic" New Orleans food. But when I finally ate here I was sold. The chicken was flavorful and crispy. The biscuit is also the best. I think they bake it in honey, it was really good.We picked up a 5 piece chicken tenders with jambalaya to eat back at the hotel after an evening on Burbon street. This is a chain food place, but far better than Popeye's! You also have an opportunity to buy a stiff cock. Relax.....its a 'drink'. I already had enough to drink, so I didnt try one. Highly recommend bock bockTo be honest, I am surprised I'm giving a fried chicken stand 5 stars, but I am, because their chicken strips are THAT good. When we went, we ordered 2 orders of chicken strips. One of the cooks started tossing a bunch of chicken strips in a pan of flour -- they were frying them on the spot! Yes, there were some fried chicken under a heat lamp, but these were going to be fresh. After a number of tosses in the flour, she put them in the fryer and set the timer. 
They gave us little containers to take special sauces with us since our order was to-go. When we got to the park and started eating the chicken, it was amazing. Yes, I said that about fried chicken. None of us could believe how juicy the chicken was with a thin crip to the outside. It was perfectly done. Our friends went back at least 2 times during our 2 day trip to New Orleans.
I would be cautious with the ones that have been under the heat lamp -- who knows how long they've been there, but if you can snag some freshly fried chicken strips from here, then do so!Crazy good chicken and fish.  But biscuits are amazing.  Definitely the most unhealthy food but awesome!Fried chicken and daiquiris served all in one place, interesting concept. We didn't try their liquor but the fried chicken was surprisingly tasty. It had good flavor and spices. The biscuit was also good with its buttery sweetness. And you can't really go wrong with seasoned fries. The beans and rice was also decent. Pricey chicken considering a fast food feel atmosphere, but the food was not bad at all.
You can find Willie's Chicken Shacks all over the downtown.
Music was way too loud at this location.When you're drunk on Bourbon Street and need food, you go to Willie's. We got some chicken and fries and we were good to go. If you aren't drunk enough on the hottest afternoon, you go to Willie's. It is the 7-Eleven of convenient day drinking (or anytime drinking) in the French Quarter. So whenever you're low on booze or food, you go to Willie's.Drink was very good n strong omg I took like 4 sips and cldnt finish I was so feeling so nice   my man bro had the chicken he  didnt like it. But if ur a drinker def go thereDo not get wings they were very disappointing overly priced for small portion. The fried chicken was the best definitely get the chicken if you go.Please get the jambalaya and biscuit!!!! It's so good!! The chicken is expensive, but it's on bourbon so everyone's drunk and it's easy money. But the jambalaya has chicken in every bite! The biscuit is so buttery and soft and perfect! This place was worth every bite.Willie's is amazing ! Think of a cross between a chicken shack and a Wet willies/Fat Tuesday. We ordered a 2 piece meal and a slushees drink ( can't remember the combination) and it was delicious ! The BISCUIT is EVERYTHING! I splattered their sauce all over my chicken and fries for additional flavoring. 
On top of their food being amazing they play great music ( mostly hip hopThe BEST honey biscuits you will ever have, they are buttery and melt in your mouth! The fried chicken is crunchy, juicy and flavourful! Fries are seasoned and delicious! All I can say is if your on Bourbon Street, you HAVE to come here!It was an absolute deluge out on the streets and this was one of the first restaurants we stumbled across while trying to stay dry. The heavenly scent of chicken and fry oil was too much to pass up and so the wife and I split a 4-piece and biscuit. 
The biscuit was really nice and the fries weren't too bad either. The chicken was pretty standard, but definitely worth the price tag in my mind. I really don't have any complaints other than the place was just a little dirty on the tables/floors/benches. Would likely come back when in the area.Damn good chicken. Hot & fresh. I like this better than willie mae's. The biscuit is good. The fries are good. And the chicken is definitely fire.Willie's is amazing ! Think of a cross between a chicken shack and a Wet willies/Fat Tuesday. We ordered a 2 piece meal and a slushees drink ( can't remember the combination) and it was delicious ! The BISCUIT is EVERYTHING! I splattered their sauce all over my chicken and fries for additional flavoring. 
On top of their food being amazing they play great music ( mostly hip hop ) !
There's several locations up and down Bourbon street.I am  fan of this place. walking down bourbon street you'll notice a lot of the little willie chicken places and they all do have the same meals, and look the same. but this place caught my eyes for a few reasons. one it didn't smell so much like booze or funky smell. the chicken combo was great. fried chicken with fries and a sweet biscuit. can't go wrong with it. I had the thigh and drum stick, very tasty and juicy. cheap meal on the go. so you need to try this spot out. so my friends keep it tasty and let me know what you think.I came here for same late night drunchies while hanging out on Bourbon Street, and with that being said, I totally forgot to take pics of my food, lol. But nonetheless, the fried chicken here is super delicious! Super duper delicious! And very juicy as well! The biscuits were outstanding as well, and so was the beans and rice! The beans and rice was outstanding! And even though it was a busy Saturday night, we got our food pretty quickly. I will definitely come back the next time I'm in NOLA, and this time I'll take pics, lol.Came here after a night of drinking. All I can say is imagine drinking countless drinks and encountering fried chicken.... my bestfriend and I were in heaven! It was so good we actually came back before our flight. The chicken is so tender and seasoned so well! Cooked to perfection. Even better the sauce was also really good. To add on, the fries and biscuit also exceeded my expectations. The location of this place was also convenient if you're staying around bourbon street. Great food with unique vibes!Food is AMAZING! Staff is AMAZING! I would fly in just for the chicken  NO ComplaintsDon't forget to try the sauces on the table- the signature sauce is amazing. Great crispness to the chicken strips, Cajun spice on fries. Speedy but it is in the heart of a tourist district. Worth a late night visit.OMG. Fried Chicken the bomb. Nadia was so awesome. And the food is amazing. Sauce to die for. Best chicken ever...!There are so many franchises of Willie's Chicken Shack that I don't know which one I actually went to on Bourbon St. vs which one I'm leaving a review for right now. But their chicken is delicious for a quick fast food snack when you're hungry or bar hopping. It can get pricey (~$12-13 for a 2-3 piece) but I think it's worth trying at least once. You'll find about 2-3 locations as you're walking down Bourbon Street, so don't worry about having to purposely find a location.Heard about this place so we HAD to try it!!  Our visit to New Orleans was complete with this amazing chicken!!!! Wish they had one here...Beer chicken I've ever had. No kidding. All over Bourbon Street. Great wings, great sauce, great fries. I couldn't take more than a sip of daiquiri before I passed because alcohol isn't my gig. Tasty but powerful. Other folks will LOVE the combination.Willie's Chicken Shack is one of the best fried chicken in town especially with the special sauce! The chicken is perfectly battered and made fresh to order so I would definitely recommend dining in the shack. The fries served as side is pretty tasty as well. At the tables, there are several varieties of sauces such as hot sauce, barbecue, honey mustard, and the famous special sauce. Other sides offered include New Orleans staple: Jambalaya, Gumbo, and red beans & rice. This location is situated in the middle of French Quarter close to bars & restaurants. They serve multiple flavors of daiquiris but opted out since my main focus was to try that chicken!
One of my criticism is the ordering process. We didn't know that we were supposed to hand our ticket to the next station for them to make our order so our orders took longer than expected. Also they don't provide a glass of water, you have to buy the bottled water instead. It is a tourist trap after all so this could be understood. Overall, Willie's Chicken Shack is a clear winner and worth the visit.Man does this place have good chicken and biscuits. Not to greasy, full.of flavor and the pieces were meaty. Biscuit was soft, fresh and warm. I was not a fan of their fries. The chicken is available a la carte, or as a meal. They have good frozen alcoholic drinks, in custom glasses. The food was ready quickly, even though it was really busy. I'd recommend and will return my next trip to NOLOSolid chicken and Daquiri's. You certainly won't be going to this place for the service though. My mother and I told 3 separate people "thank you!", to be met with 0 response. Lol I'll avoid making strong accusations, but it probably didn't help that we were white.The best fried chicken us upstate New Yorkers have ever had! It was so good, we had it for dinner/late night snack twice during our quick 4 day trip. The chicken was hot, fresh, full of flavor, and crispy. The biscuits and fries were great too. On our second stop at willies, we tried the frozen cocktails and they did not disappoint. 
If I am ever back in NOLA, Willie's will definitely on my list of places to go.Chicken was good! Fun place to stop. Cool place on Bourbon Street! Plenty of drink options to choose from. Friendly staff. Would come back again !Great place to pop in and get some chicken if your walking around bourbon st! I had the chicken tenders and they were delicious. Looks rough on the outside and... it kinda is... not anywhere I would plan on for lunch and dinner but for a quick pop in it's exceed my expectations.This place is so awesome, Dominique(Manager) and Pam(cashier) and Ronata (cook) treated my company and myself with such grace. The food was excellent, spices were mild and not overbearing. For those who like that real hot seasonings they have specialty sauces on the table. I highly recommend this place of eateries.The hype is huge because it's everywhere around the French Quarter. We had to try it on our last day. The biscuits are amazing. Decent chicken. You should definitely try it to say you did. Then move on.It's sitting all over New Orleans for a reason...perfect, greasy, drunk people deliciousness. Crunchy, flavorful perfection. I am not usually a fan of fried chicken chains, but Willie's had something different. Maybe it was because I was a little intoxicated and hungry...but I found it to hit the spot like no other chicken chain. They crank this stuff out super hot and fresh at all hours of the day. Reasonable prices compared to everything else on Bourbon Street. Just go, it's a part of the experience.Great fried chicken and another spot to get a frozen cocktail. There are a couple locations that are a convenient stop to eat and grab a drink.The manager i believe his name is Jason is extremely rude. He rung my order up wrong and when I corrected him, he got an attitude. He also threw my credit card back on the counter and said it slipped out of his hands. He never apologized and dismissed me like i wasn't a paying customer. He didn't provide a number to pick up our order so it took a long time to receive it. Although i don't think this is indicative of the whole chain but I will NEVER patronize this location again as long as he works there. Signed an extremely furious customerOk so I wanted to try this place so bad, finally made it in. The clerk was less than enthusiastic about my presence it seemed and basically refused to drop some fresh chicken! She advised me that the chicken that was under the heat lamp was good enough.  Her attitude was enough to send me packing, guess I'll never know how they taste cause I'll never be back!!Stopped here because we were in the neighborhood. I am not big on fried chicken so I got the strips. Crunchy on the outside but I found the chicken to be a little tough. I did not love or hate the flavir.  We had to ask for sauces but the staff was friendly and the service fast. I would pass next time in town but seems it is popular. Maybe the alcohol helped with that.Everything is good, fresh, and inexpensive. I went with two 2 piece white (one for later), jambalaya, and a frozen hurricane. The chicken is fresh, crispy, and well seasoned and definitely the best fried chicken I've had out -- tastes just like homemade greatness. The fries are well seasoned and not salty, and the biscuits. Oh my god the biscuits. I could easily eat 3 in one sitting. The honey butter they are baked with means you need nothing on them. On top of the freshness of the chicken and fries, the jambalaya is wonderful. I like that it's just chicken and is great without andouille sausage as well. 
The frozen daquiris are definitely strong and good, so if you're on round two or three, you'll definitely enjoy 
I'll be back before I leave for sure and enjoyed how quick and nice everyone was as wellMy friend and I saw these places ALL OVER (touristy) NOLA. Coming from AZ, we're not known for fried chicken, at all, so we don't know good quality fried chicken. But WOW our eyes are open now. We each got a chicken combo (I like my dark meat and my friend likes her white meat). Both of us were blown away by how juicy the chicken itself was and how crispy the outside was. Pure perfection. We got one of the novelty slushie drinks for photos sake, but honestly it was a good balance to the heavier chicken. Highly recommend going to one of the Willie's in town!Not bad for a quick chicken shop! Pretty crowded but honestly was impressed that they sell henny drinks. That really stood out to me for a quick bite. Coming to NOLA i was happy.When in NOLA @3 am drunk ass a mother this place is delicious.
I was raving about it.
Tell me why I go the next day (sober) and it was so nasty. Nothing but bones on the chicken, way too greasy and too expensive.
Not going to lie when I go back to Louisiana I will prob eat this again drunk and so will you! 
Also they take forever to make your order.You can't go wrong with fresh, hot fried chicken and cold drinks! There's always a line every time I visit this place and I know why. The chicken is so good! Very crunchy, not oily. The slushie drinks aren't that strong but it's nice for a very hot dayGot chicken to go on two occassions during week long stay.  Chicken better than KFC/ Church's/Popeye's.
Prices on the high side.Great place to pop in and get some chicken if your walking around bourbon st! I had the chicken tenders and they were delicious. Looks rough on the outside and... it kinda is... not anywhere I would plan on for lunch and dinner but for a quick pop in it's exceed my expectations.Let,s begin with a fact; I love chicken and have been known to eat it 4-6 times a week. Fried, roasted,  baked, and poached southern and Cajun are my favorites. In New Orleans there are dozens of claims of famous recipes, some are well-known franchises. 
We opted to try Willie's Chicken Shack on Canal Street a few doors from Harrahs.  My partner Barbara got the six-piece wing offer with a side, I chose two-piece white. Realizing it is almost post-pandemic and Spring break I do respect delays in service.  But when I saw the folks who ordered before and several deep after being served I suspected the ticket was dropped in the kitchen.  My plese to the cook where received with perverbial deaf ears; I waited a few more minutes and reached out to whom I calculated was a manager and asked where the order was. To her credit she came back in two minutes apologizing and offered a complimentary daiquiri and delivered the meal five minutes later.
 Three stars is generous.  The flavor was ok but seams like the oil was a bit over used.Your chicken is great but your staff not so good
Still drunk, has not slept or just slow??
Unfriendly and rude: owner or manger needs to send her back to customer service school.The crispiest and well seasoned pieces of chicken or ever had! I was not disappointed and visited twice during my 4 day stay in NOLA. They serve strong daiquiris with many different flavors to pick from.Placed an order with the cashier. 2 chicken tender baskets with honey mustard with extra , we even offered to pay for extras , she informed us that they would just place some in a bag for us with our order. The cashier repeated the order perfectly. Food comes out and we're missing 1 tender basket and we asked for our honey mustards and extras with the manager she informed us  that they don't do that. The cashier turned out to only charge us for 1 tender basket. They seem to do this a lot. My group of friends had the same issue with their orders. The manager came over and told us we owed them. Manager said to us "you owe us" rude as crap. We just stated that it was their fault tho and the cashier had repeated everything back perfectly. Still continued to be rude. My boyfriends food was now cold. We proceeded to pay for the food and she stated that they would pay for it. Took my boyfriend's money and my boyfriend said "that's my hard earned money not yours." She smirked at us and shrugged her shoulders. I walked up to the counter and asked her name and for corporate number she refused to get me any info. If anyone can please reach out to me from corporate I'd like to talk to someone about this. She didn't approach the situation the right way at all. Very unprofessional for sure and especially disrespectful. I do not recommend eating at this specific place. If that is how the manager treats customers I couldn't imagine the other things that go on.Great late night spot after a night of drinking on Bourbon. It's pretty packed but the lines are fast and you get your food very quickly. As soon as you order you go to the back where they hand you the food. 
Since we just needed a late night snack, my boyfriend and I decided to share the four piece combo with a hurricane. The drink was very dense. It was very fruity but you can definitely taste the alcohol. 
The chicken was fresh and hot. It was very crispy and the chicken was juicy. The biscuit had a slight honey sweetness to it and the fries had Cajun seasoning on them. Overall the food was very good! Not too expensive to feed two people. You also can get chicken without the combo, but I think the combo is worth it. The restaurant is a little small so finding a spot to eat might be hard unless you get it to-go, but the atmosphere is fun if you find a spot to sit. They play great music and the energy is high in there.Some of the best chicken strips i've ever had. And i'm a certified chicken strip connoisseur And they cook them to order. Bit in the expensive side but i'll pay it.You'll see plenty of Willie's Chicken Shacks in the French Quarter because they are just that good.
My dine-in Bourbon St visit visit included a nice 190 daiguiri and a delicious fried chicken meal. The chicken was extremely crunchy, tasty and moist, without being greasy - awesome! The fries and biscuit were also very good.
When you find yourself on Bourbon St, this is a great stop. Overall, very good!Awesome drunk food for a night out on bourbon Street. Delicious food for cheap. The fried wings were definitely my preferred compared to the "cajun" tenders. The cajun tenders were not as crispy but they were very moist (friend's words) and tender. I was confused though because there was no seasoning on it to indicate a cajun spice.
The fries were OK, but honestly just took stomach room away from the chicken, but it was good to soak up the drinks. 
They had a spicy mayo sauce (remoulade?) on the table which was nice but I still used ranch.Food was amazing drinks were too not sure if it's Lee or Leigh. She was absolutely so rude no home training as I know it was busy and stressful. Just need to better train your staff on costumer service if it's something you believe inThere must be four outlets of Willies in the French Quarter.  I of course go to the one thats basically in the center of it all on Bourbon Street.
On Bourbon Street late on a Saturday afternoon service can be hit or miss, but we caught a lull so we were served quickly and took a seat to wair for the order to come up.
Got a simple four-piece with some fries and a biscuit.  The chicken came out fingerprint burning off hot so we had to wait a bit for it to cool off so it could actually be picked up (not an issue).  Once I got to taste it, the chicken was phenomenal.  Salty, spicy, juicy with an assortment of sauces on the table at the ready.  Fries were good.  The only downside was the biscuit that clearly had spent some time under a heat lamp and was a sugary, sticky mess.
Great spot to people watch as you are on the main drag so to speak.  With several locations in the immediate area, I'd assume they are all pretty much the same food-wise.  This particular one we had the misfortune of having a group of ladies celebrating a birthday sitting down next to us and constantly bumping into me (they were loaded).
Good place for a quick meal and getting back out into the fray.Best fried chicken I've ever eaten! Always fresh and the juicy breast meat ever! I e always had to wait 10-15 minutes but we'll worth it for fresh chicken. The honey biscuit is lights out as well, I've never had drinks here but I can't imagine they aren't good as well.Great spot for fried chicken, though a little pricier than your Popeyes and average chicken spot. The ordering system is a little bit frustrating just because both cocktail slushies and food are at the same counter. There is also no option for chicken WITHOUT the combo (fries & biscuit). However the jambalaya was really good with flavorful cajun rice and chicken. The breast meat was huge too and more moist than most meats I've had.A+++++ chicken and fries, so good that even pigeons wander in looking for scraps!! I just want to say thank you to the staff for not kicking us out when we stayed for nearly two hours because it suddenly started raining hard lolBest chicken ever with the fries and honey bun. We couldn't decide what we wanted. After going to a restaurant and not be waited on for 20 minutes we left and came here. My drink was great as well.Customer service great . The biscuits are a little boosted but overall the food is good. 7/10All I can do is talk about the cock...tail.  That is all I can do.  What I can say though is the chicken smelled fantastic and i'll definitely try it soon.
The Cock...tail was great.  Delicious.  Frozen on a hot night.  I'll have this again!Some of the best fried chicken I've had! It's so crispy and crunchy on the outside but still juicy and moist on the inside and cooked to order. 
I tried the 6 piece wings and the tenders, oh my goodness! How have I been to NOLA so many times and yet to eat here? Never again will I come to NOLA and not eat here. 
It's worth every bit of the wait. Trust me!Food bussin, from Atlanta Ga. Chicken and fish so good make you actually wanna slap ya moma like in "Friday" the movieWent to one of these locations yesterday and had to stop again! Bourbon street is the place to go! Haley took really good care of us I got the willies cocktail which is the strongest drink they haveThis is one of my favorite places to go grab a quick bite to eat on Bourbon St. They have several locations scattered throughout the French Quarter. They always have rap music played very loudly, so if that bothers you, this ain't your place. The chicken is always very delicious and the drinks are always cold.We walked past this place and wanted to give it a try. We came at a weird time so there wasn't a lot of people at all. We ordered to-go since we weren't hungry. We got the chicken combo which came with fries and a cornbread. 
Service was great and fast. We ordered and got our food within 10-15mins. 
There were many tables and chairs inside. 
The chicken was delicious!!! It had the right amount of flavors and was perfectly crispy. I'm drooling as I'm typing this out lol. Seriously give this chicken a try!!Only came here for alcohol but it was soo good. Service was spectacular! 
I got colada  snd hypnotize mixed together and my boyfriend got the "mix" of the worker's favorites. 
It was delish! It was so tasty and service was wonderful and friendly!!
Cheers!!So this was my fault. I was hungry, and I wanted to eat something quick so I could prevent getting tipsy. I just wanted something good to put on my stomach before the alcohol hit. 
I'm sorry...I did this to myself. The food was meh. If it weren't for the good service and clean establishment, I would've went down to 2 stars. 
Seriously, what was I expecting? I can't be mad at them for serving drunk food. I mean, who wants to eat buffalo wings on bourbon street? Right...so I don't blame them...I knew better. 
I left there and followed up at Popeyes. Lol. They do quick chicken well. That's what I should've started with, but seeing so many crowds at all the Willies we passed by, we wanted to see what the hype about. 
No hype, it was just a hunger filler. Oh well...happy eating (don't do it if you're looking for really good food though).I will admit, their fried chicken is good. It's crispy, lightly seasoned, and not oily. I got something to eat to soak up all of the alcohol I was about to consume. 
Willie's is just like any other fried chicken place that we have in NYC except that the chicken to me is fresh. It's not pre cooked and just sitting off to the side, atleast not for long. I'm not a big French fry person, but the fries were also hot, and crispy. I've been trying to eat more healthier, so fried chicken wasn't on my list, but because I may never get the opportunity to travel to New Orleans again, I decided to try it. They have a honey butter biscuit that also comes with the meal and it went perfectly with the chicken. 
Willie's sells the infamous frozen Cocktail drink so make sure to try one while there. It's good, and strong. Most of their drinks consists of rum 151 so please drink responsibly. The alcohol snuck up on my me quick. LolReally good stuff! My expectations weren't super high but I was pleasantly surprised. The chicken was hot, fresh, and crispy. The biscuits are delicious! They're kind of sweet. The fries were nicely seasoned. Really glad we stopped in here for lunch.Terrible service. Also the fact that they're ON BOURBON, people buy drinks from your establishment and refuse to give out tap water is OUTRAGEOUS. there are way too many places to patronize. I'm FROM HERE. I own an established restaurant where people ask for recommendations, trust me, this won't be recommended.We were looking for a meal that wouldn't cost a fortune and would fill us up for our travels. This is the spot. Chicken tenders are large, small fry could feed 2 easily, and the jambalaya was good. Would recommend this place! Fun atmosphere as well.We had dinner here during Mardi Gras. The tenders were some of the best we've had. Red beans and rice were good too. A little more expensive than planned due to the price of a beer and a soda.Saw these all around downtown Nola so I decided to give it a try. Had the 3 piece with french fries. It was pretty good. They have assorted sauces on the table you can try. But the best part were the biscuits! Great alcohol absorbers before for a night of drinking. They also have liquor slushees you can buy!I normally wouldn't give a fast food restaurant four stars, but the guy at the counter, who looked like P Diddy, was super cool and helped a couple of outta towners feel right at home. They had some amazing daqueris if that's your thing, my girlfriend sucked down a green apple one in about 2 minutes. We were looking for a place to grab a quick bite after touring the World War II museum down the street, and we were not disappointed. The sauces they have at the table are super delicious and the chicken was tender and cooked just right. O.M.G. the biscuits. I would order a couple of extras. You won't be disappointed. Say Hi to P Diddy , grab a daqueri and enjoy.My family and I were searching for a quick and affordable place to eat. We decided to come here instead of Popeye's because there aren't any Willie's in Houston. We ordered the dark and mixed chickens as well as the red beans and rice and mango daiquiri. All were good for fast food. The mango daiquiri was legit...I would recommend to drink it hydrated and with food though!The best chicken I've had in a Long Time. The place was very clean and the staff treated us just like family. Thank you for the Happy Drinks.Ok. So I went to the Willies further up Canal street two days ago and the chicken was really good so I decided to try this one today. 
Walked in, ordered my food, sat down. No problem. Food came out fast and hot. Great. As I'm eating at the table next to door to kitchen, I begin to notice serval roaches crawling on the wall and floor. Needless to say I was bothered by the matter. The women next to me noticed it too and demanded their money back. I just threw the reminder of my food away and walked out.
Update: clearly I should have read the reviews before I went. I see another lady had the same experience just 3 day prior to my visit. This doesn't appear to be a one time thing.Holy  the food was amazing. Service was great! Everyone was very friendly. Fast service too. I paid for my food then decided to get another daiquiri. By the time my daiquiri was paid for and made, our food was up. 
I had the shrimp basket. Spicy but amazing. Everything I've had in nola thus far has been spicy, so it was no surprise. Red beans and rice was great. Spicier than I've had elsewhere. 
My hubby had chicken tenders and fries. All wonderful. The biscuits were good too. 
As for the drinks... Willie's Cocktail was nice and strong. The Hipnotiq drink notsomuch. Drank a whole souvenir glass with zero effect. No stars deducted for that because everything else deserves 5. Oh, they also have little sample cups for trying the various frozen drinks. Bonus!Best fried chicken I've ever had! We passed by this place many times before we'd finally stopped, huge regrets!This is the best chicken. I wanted to get some fried chicken while in New Orleans that wasn't Popeyes. I ordered a 5 piece tender meal with fries. I shared with two friends and we devoured it. This meal set me back $12 and was well worth it. The chicken strips were quality meat and good sized strips. They were made to order and piping hot (in fact a bit too hot the first few minutes). They have a full bar here and if you need to use the restroom pay attention to your receipt because the code is on the bottom to type in the keypad. For fried chicken--this is the place!Chicken is fatty and not fried hard. The biscuit was oily. The best I have had yet better then Popeyes. It was sweet like cake and it melted in your mouth like m&m. I would go back for the customer service. I had the red bean and rice they were very good. However it is what I can make at Home, I am convinced that the red beans and rice are over rated or I need to look some more for the flavor that this city is famous for. I had water to drink.The chicken here is really good. The biscuit is so yummy! :-) at first I didn't think this place would be anything special; however, the pleasant smell encouraged me to come in. This definitely a spot you want to visit for great chicken.Willie's made me a new orleans drink and it was wonderful.  For this California girl I was impressed.Why do we not have this chain back at home?! I'm not a fan of super spicy sauces or foods, but the Willie's special sauce had just enough heat to keep me coming back for more. I thought the tenders would be small, so I ordered a five piece meal with fries. I could barely get through three. The tenders were hot and crispy. The biscuit was soft, buttery, and a little sweet. The fries were decent but the tenders and biscuit were the best part for me. The 151 and everclear daiquiri (Voodoo Juice) was sweet and did what it was meant to do. The cashier was super cool and was able to handle the rush with ease. The location was clean and there was plenty of seating. I really wish we had a Willie's back at home...but maybe it's a good thing that they are only here in the south.The best I've ever had. Yum yum yum!  Great midnight snack, lunch. It was pretty cool to see the gal dippin and frying. "Willy, you need to bring this incredible food to California"!  There ain't no chicken like this on the west coast!My boyfriend and I stopped in the check out the famous Willie's Chicken. Someone should call it Willie's biscuits ! Those things are AMAZING!! They literally melt in your mouth!! Hot covered in butter and deliciousness!! My boyfriend and I had 10 piece Cajun sweet and sour wings and a biscuit. It was a great snack that may have us visiting again later tonight!! The fried chicken looked pretty awesome too!! If you ever in NOLA, give this place a try! You won't be disappointed!I can't speak to the food, although it smells wonderful.  But the daiquiris are amazing!  The $10 cup lasts me awhile and gets me pretty blitzed and is perfect to walk around with on a cool day.  Several flavors to choose from.It's simple- epic chicken and biscuits. 2 for 1 beers, and your receipt has a code to unlock the bathroom.
THIS IS NOLA!!!!!While the food is very good, the portion size for a small side item is ridiculously small and the service is horrid!!!
We entered the restaurant and stood for 2-3 minutes watching employees chat and wipe things off and we wondered if they were even still serving food because no one even acknowledged us...even after we walked down to the middle of the counter where the employees were all congregated...NO one even spoke!
We eventually managed to get someone's attention and asked if they were open, the server named Rebecca (according to my receipt) said, "yeah, there's a register right there" while she pointed to the end of the counter, and then I can only guess she remembered she was actually AT WORK AND BEING PAID proceeded to take our order in the rudest fashion I have ever experienced. She said, " What do you want?" WITH AN ATTITUDE that would knock apples out of a tree! I suppose I should count myself lucky that I managed to order a drink before she dismissed us.
I have NEVER EVER experienced such disrespect and just-don't-give-a-crap in my 48 years of life.This place has hip hop music which I enjoyed. The chicken is just ok if you're hungry. But my  "Daiquiris" we're on point.... I'll be backBad service and this place does not understand their own credit card agreement. They are refusing magnetic stripe only cards in violation of the credit agreement. Someone there does not understand the new agreement which says that if a chip is present use it to protect themselves if there is a fraud. But if there is only a magnetic stripe it may be used and fraud protections remain in place. No reason to give business to a company that treats customers poorly nor empowers their employees to think for themselves.For a more "fast food" chicken option, this was not bad at all. My friend and I decided that Willie's was somewhere a step above KFC on the fast food fried chicken ladder.
We were a little worried about our choice on our way there. On our first night in NOLA, we had asked our Lyft driver for some late night food recommendations. She mentioned Willie's and said that their special sauce was amazing and that people went to Willie's just for the special sauce. So for our last meal in NOLA (which had to be a fast one), we decided to check out Willie's. However, on our way there, we asked a different Lyft driver about Willie's, and he said that he'd never been there and that maybe we were confusing WIllie's Chicken Shack for WIllie Mae's Scotch House, which is a more legit restaurant known for its chicken.
But nonetheless, we went to Willie's Chicken Shack to check out the chicken.
Maybe it was because we had tempered our expectations, but this was not bad at all. The chicken was flavorful and the biscuit was soft and fluffy. I had a side of red beans and rice, which was ok-- not my favorite.
The staff here could have been a little more friendly-- at least take your order with a smile on your face. I went up to ask if they had to-go containers for sauce and the girl at the register gave me a really disgruntled look like I had just interrupted a really important conversation and in kind of a huff asked "what kind of sauce do you want?" I told her "the special sauce?" to which she responded with a look that said "Uhh. Are you kidding me? Don't be stupid." So I amended my request to ask for "hot sauce?" and was then handed a handful of Louisiana hot sauce packets. So I guess that answers my question of whether or not they make their own hot sauce...
Because the special sauce had been so hyped up for me, I wanted to try it, but the container of sauces at our table didn't have any labels on any of the bottles. The sauce that I thought might have been the special sauce ended up just being regular hot sauce. I had to go to another table to look at their labels to figure out what was what. The special sauce tastes a little bit like thousand island dressing mixed with something else. Don't get me wrong... it was good, but after trying it, I decided to just stick with hot sauce.
tl;dr: A pretty decent option for a quick meal! The chicken was surprisingly tasty!Great place to stop in and grab a daquiri. The voo doo juice was my favorite. One of the cheaper places to get a daquiri and there is one on almost every block.Legit got food poisoning from this location.  So did my wife.  Would give 1 star but the fries and their sauces are so damn good.I am more then convinced that this is the Popeyes of New Orleans. This place beats any fast food chicken spot I have ever had. Cooked to order and great drinks!!Food
I will be focusing purely on the chicken here as this is a chicken shop. We'd ordered mixed assortment of Willie's original chicken which included chicken breasts, wings, thighs, and drumsticks. Food was brought over to our table in a nice cardboard housing containing steaming hot pieces of freshly fried chicken with a nice crunchy exterior. The batter itself had abundant nooks of crannies and you could easily see the generous peppering within it. Breaking pieces off would yield hints of cajun seasoning and spices inside, evidenced by the bright orange hue. The meat was so hot that I had trouble picking at the breast meat underneath the wet batter, so I could tell this wasn't chicken that was just sitting under a heat lamp for hours. Breading was seasoned well, though at times a bit uneven as I thought the breast pieces were a bit saltier than the thigh (which did have a thinner layer of skin and batter). The quality of the chicken meat was nothing special, just the standard variety (don't think many fast food places sell freshly butchered chicken) but there were no demerits to this. All in all, a solid piece of chicken. I wish I had tried the cajun chicken tenders but I'd argue that the original recipe has an edge over KFCs, and slightly better quality of chicken over my fast food favorite, Popeyes (though Popeye's spicy chicken seasoning is still my favorite)
Price
Prices were reasonable for the upgraded quality of chicken. 8 pieces were 16.99 and 16 pieces were 26.99. Cajun tenders were slightly cheaper at 14.99 for 8 pieces.
Service
This is a self service fast food restaurant but there are people who will bring your chicken over once you grab your number and place it at a table. Seating is self-service. If you want water, you'll have to ask for it at the bar as the soda machines doesn't dispense water.
Overall
A solid fast food fried chicken joint with reasonable prices. Seasoning isn't anything special, and if anything, a tad bit salty, but if you're craving warm fried chicken that's better than the stuff you can find at a convenience store and don't wish to fry up your own, Willie's is open late for some late night munchies until 1 AM.Found this down the street from the hotel.   The chicken came out hot and fresh. The drink I had was good. I wish there was one close to me.  This is also a good spot to people watch.  I will definitely stop here before I go back home.Pretty much you feel sick after you eat it. Feels like everything is fried in wicked old grease and death. I feel like it's a popeyes knock off. I won't be back. D ratingSeriously listened to this dude cuss for 30 minutes while we waited for our food. Have some respect for customers. Talking about customers saying damn shorty you got a fat ass. Or she fine than a mother fucker come on man have some respect, bitch ass youngster!!!Drinks were good. Bartender Iris was amazing, pure southern hospitality. Her way of making you "feel at home". Go visit Iris! We didn't have the chicken but it must have been good bc the lines were long.The chicken is over priced and tasted like it was warmed in the microwave which didn't help because it is over breaded and fried. The French fries were good. I would not recommend this place to friends and family.The people working here were all very friendly and attentive. I ordered the chicken tenders and thought it took a while for them to get it ready, but when I tasted one I could tell why - the three tenders were huge and fresh and delicious. These chicken tenders are the best I've ever had. The mashed potatoes were nothing special and were reminiscent of a fast food chain and that might drag my rating down. However, the quality chicken and friendly service alone get 5 stars from me.I'll put this in my top 10 for fried chicken. Maybe top 5 on a good day. Since I am not a daiquiri person a good portion of what they have to offer was lost on me. But if you love the slushie concoction then this place is for you. They have a lot to choose from. I took advantage of the two for one beer and was quite pleased. 
The sides didn't blow my mind but the chicken was good. And that is really why you go. Place looked clean and the service was friendly and fun. Seems like a good place to fill up before hitting the Bourbon Street craziness.quite possibly the best fried chicken I have ever had.  the daiquiri bar looked interesting and the place looked a bit touristy but we were hungry, after a long flight, no breakfast etc.  the biscuit was a sweet surprise and the chicken was amazing.  they told us they were open till 2 or three am and I can say I bet this is one of the best hangover prevention cures... first meal in NOLA and was pleasantly suprised...  only problem was a slow order line...  other than that great service!
Regarding my edit... three days in NOLA, THREE days here.first night was busy. .. the sauce is amAzing....I ate a lot of chicken here. Mary is amazing. She elevated my dining experience beyond what I thought possible for a chicken shack. The pinnacle of hospitality has a name, and that name is "Mary."Visiting NOLA and checked out Willie's. The chicken is really fresh and tasty. The jambalaya is satisfying for most tourists probably. I did not enjoy my Frozen Willie's Cocktail and gladly gave it to a friend before ordering a Bloody Mary to hit the spot.The food was good until I saw a huge rat (or two) scary across the floor where the cooks were. Hell no!No..no..no..I have eaten at a New Orleans POPEYE's that tasted better. Plus they acted like the cash register couldn't ring up the chicken in the combination of pieces you wanted...if you eat here, don't ask for two thighs and wing...That is too hard a request for them. Plus it's pricey for plain ole fast food...mehMy son and I finally ate at a Willie's. The lady that waited in us was very helpful in helping us chose what to order. I liked the chicken strips with red beans and rice. Everything was seasoned well. The chicken was hot and cooked just right for me. My son said the fries we so so. He thought the chicken was better than Chic Fil A. Which was surprising since he loves Chic Fil A. I would recommend going.Way overrated and way to expensive for some chicken. The drinks are very good, the chicken was below average to me and the skin had a nice crunch but very little flavor on the actual meat.I'd like to have half a star only for the fact that the chicken is delicious. The staff is untrained up front. The manager is not good at customerservice . The cooks are amazing and they take great pride in their food and they try to get a good product out however the support staff doesn't leave much room for that to happen. this is our first time in New Orleans. I'm sure there are many other places we could go and tourists can go to have a good fried chicken and better service.Had some fried chicken and a mango daiquiri to go. Both were just ok. The chicken was crispy and juicy but I wasn't sure what I was expecting. It wasn't flavorful enough to make me dance but it was good. The daiquiri was a pleasant surprise as it was strong but it did not have real mango in it whatsoever. Don't expect that. Just expect to get a little tipsy.The food was gooooooodddd!!!! I had the chicken fingers meal and hubby had the catfish meal. Plus they have great slushy drinks just like fat Tuesday's. The price was great too!Stopped by late evening for a bite given the close proximity to my hotel. Chicken wings were just okay, nothing to write home about. Flavorful, but not unique in any way. The biscuit was my favorite part of the meal!I know this is a chain restaurant , but it has some pretty good fried chicken the service was very fast and friendly if your looking for something quick and good this is your placeThe ambience was the best this about Willie's. As a New Orleans native I expected much better chicken. Popeye's is better, not to mention cheaper. The tourist prices are ridiculous-$12 for a 2 piece chicken with a side and fountain drink. I would not recommend Willie's.Had a taste of the fried chicken, Mac n cheese at the second annual fried chicken festival. It was fresh and hot! Delicious!sooooo if your drunk for a late night snack willies chicken is the place you want to come to .. So delicious and well worth every bit and the chicken is pipping hot.. the biscuit has honey butter on it and is very fresh although it was a little doughy it was still delicious. The jambalaya rice was good as well and was very flavorful.. I recommend the one on canal street as it is much cleaner to me then the ones on bourbon streetWas really craving fried chicken.  And after day (and night lol) drinking,  we were hungry.   I got the 2 piece meal with mashed potatoes.  The chicken was crispy, juicy inside and delicious.  I am a sucker for fried chicken and this place did not disappoint! We had stopped at another Willies somewhere around Bourbon St and got slushies. The chicken was the perfect way to end the night.After visiting the Audubon Butterfly Garden, we were ready to eat. First we thought we'd try out the Red Slipper but the wait was over an hour and with two grandkids under six, that's just too long. So right across Canal Street was this hole in the wall place called Willie's Chicken Shack. So we decided to give them a try, how could you go wrong with fried chicken? We were not disappointed, prices were reasonable for New Orleans but the chicken was delicious. My wife stated it tasted just like her mom use to make! So if you like fried chicken, try Willie's Chicken Shack. Plus there were no waiting except the cooking time!Long story short, this some good food. Chicken is crispy and far from dry. Fries are bomb oh and don't even get me started with them biscuits! I'm not even exaggerating when I say that the biscuits literally MELT in your mouth. They also have several sauces set out on the table, and all I gotta say is, 10/10. 
Bottom line, the only way to describe Willie's Chicken Shack is by using the words "heaven sent". I've only been once, but as you can tell I'm pretty passionate about this chicken. Also mind you, I'm going all the way to NOLA at the moment from Houston, Tx predominantly for the reason of a second round of chicken. 348 miles ain't nothing right?!for a fast food slash daiquiri bar it is ok. they are all over new orleans and in the quarter. it's like if KFC and Wet Willies got together to make a baby!! I didn't drink but just had the food. I say the chicken was fried very well, crispy out side and juicy inside. hot sauce just makes it better. I had a side of jambalaya. This is great for quick late night food...i have to put food in this drunk lol..or you just was something simple.  Will definitely recommend to my group to check them out for late night meals...Good food, but the cashier came and asked for money for jambalaya 10 minutes from a buddy after we sat down to eat. What if we had it to go? Normally I don't care about something for 5 bucks, but when does a customer pay for a food establishment's mistake? I just feel like I've never heard of that before. #ChristinaI was pleasantly surprised. The chicken and frozen drinks(sour apple) were tasty. I will visit again when I am in New Orleans.Although the service was a little lazy and rude, the chicken and drinks make up for it. This is the BEST fast-food fried chicken ever, and possibly some of the best fried chicken period. I don't know if I like how the menu changes though...the first time I went, I found a combo I really liked, but the next time, it was gone. So I had to figure out what to get all over again. Oh well. Another great thing is their infused vodka -- not only does it look pretty in the glass container full of bright-colored peppers and vegetables, but it sure tastes good in their bloody Mary's. Willie's is da spot. I wish I lived in NOLA. :-)I had a great time,  with EXCELLENT customer service!  This was my first time here and in NOLA they were very patient and gave me awesome recommendations.  The frozen Cock tail was the bomb.  I had the all flavors in one talI cup,  I could not finish.  I also ordered the 3 strips with red beans and rice and a biscuit .  The biscuit was to die for.  The biscuit was buttery and sweet and melts in your mouth.  I read some of the reviews,  i did not see any roaches,  I guess I was not looking for them.  The shack was on time and will definitely return.The chicken here is very good.  But these things are popping up all over Canal Street and the Quarter like boils.  While everyone who works here is super nice, it was clean, the food was good, the daiquiris were good I can't help but feel like this is a weird Vegasification of New Orleans.If you're going to Willie's, you have likely been on or are on your way to Bourbon and looking for a quick bite. Can't go wrong here....chicken strips are always bomb, and the biscuits are soooooo good. Yes the lines are ambiguous and the service from the actual servers is terrible, but again, this is where pre or post-drunken people eat LOL Anyone expecting a ton more should be eating elsewhere.If you're looking for a fast food, fried chicken joint and headed out for the night on Bourbon, this is it. 
I'm not the biggest fan of the sides, but fried chicken and a liquor slushee. Whats to complain about? Definitely mix and match the slushes too. I usually get the chicken, red beans and rice, bread and a slushy to sip it all down.YUM and FUN!!!
Seriously, what's not to love about a place that has excellent fried chicken, delicious sides,  drinks/daiquiris on tap, friendly service,  big screen TV's, and killer music?!?!?!
So, at first, I wasn't sure if Willie's Chicken Shack was all that  or a tourist trap but when I walked in and caught me a whiff of their perfectly seasoned freshly fried chicken aromas I just knew, beyond any doubt, that Willie's is the REAL DEAL!!!
We were warmly greeted by the counter staff, awesome music, the latest game playing on their TV's, and a spinning drink machine. My goodness! I just wanted to call Airbnb and ask if I could stay here for a week! HOLLA!!!
Unlike Brother's, Willie's Chicken Shack ain't super cheap, but they is SUPER GOOD! Prolly my favorite take-out chicken thus far in fact. It's super light, crispy, JUICY, not oily, and not especially spicy, which I prefer, and is most likely the reason why they give you packets of Tabasco on the side. Personally, this West Coast boy likes to control how spicy hot his chicken is, rather than having to extinguish the flames later!
As for their sides, I LOVED their mashed potatoes and their biscuits were feather light and deeeeelicous!!! Next, I just gotta try their fish!!!
Awesome fried food + booze + entertainment = Willie's Chicken Shack WINNER!!!While the chicken here is pretty good, the quality does not warrant the price. 2 mixed pieces, 1 side and a biscuit will set you back $10, not including a drink or a breast. For an extra $1 for each combo you can make your chicken white meat. The red beans and rice were not my favorite as it was mostly just rice, and I believe it tasted like Popeyes beans. The jambalaya was not bad, but did not have sausage or shrimp, so for $5+ for a 3 oz ish serving, i would not order it alone as a side. o be honest, you're just paying for the location on Canal St and Bourbon, but you don't get horrible Bourbon taste and quality. The staff are as friendly as can be expected and quite helpful, especially to their drunk patrons. 
I have yet to try their daiquiris, but on each machine's flavor it lists which non rail alcohol is mixed in such as Bacardi, Jose Cuervo, Tito's and Everclear. Since the daiquiri prices are not listed anywhere in the restaurant I've been hesitant to purchase a cup fearing it would north of $7, but maybe next time I visit I'll try a daiquiri.Service was marginal. But the food was SO good. My husband claims these were the best chicken tenders he's ever had. Perfectly fried and juicy. The fries were great too! Biscuit fresh, fluffy on the inside and crisp on the outside.Chicken is straight fye! I truly loved this place! The music out here is awesome as well. I will definitely return for Mary, she was extremely nice and informative about the surrounding area. I'll make sure to stop by again for a quick bite before my flight.Delicious chicken and amazing, speedy customer service. I repeat, best fried chicken I've ever had.This Willie's is a good location because it's right outside the French Quarter so everything is a dollar cheaper.
The chicken is better and meatier than popeyes. The biscuits and fries are a little better too.We were looking for something that was a little less food.    This place has the best chicken strips and we will go backDisclaimer: This review is only for my experience ordering daquiris, not food!
I walked into Willie's looking for a daquiri, having walked by a few times during our stay in New Orleans. We saw a few flavors we weren't familiar with, so asked the woman at the cashier if we could taste them (it was pretty standard to offer samples in all the other bars we went to), and she said shortly "only two". So we both chose two flavors to taste, and then she said they were out of sample cups. She made no effort to come up with another solution (letting us taste it in a spoon or water cup seemed like easy solutions to me), which was irritating to me, but we paid and went on our way. Later, I noticed that the styrofoam cup I had received had red liquid on the outside. I chalked it up to leakage from the cap and wiped it off, but a short time later, I saw that the liquid was back, and realized that the drink was leaking through the styrofoam!
Don't bother coming here for daquiris! There are better places with more friendly staff and sturdier cups!We heard that this place had some of the "best chicken in America", so of course we had to go check it out to see the hype. Went there last night. Love the fact that it closes at 1 AM so you can go in case other restaurants close. Atmosphere was decent. Customer service was average, didn't really have high expectations for it honestly. 
Prices was a bit high too. We bought a five piece tender combo with fries and it cost around $14. Sheesh. Could have fed a Family of four with that much bread at Popeyes. We ordered takeout and left, walking distance from downtown hotels.
Food was actually overall, pretty good though! Very fresh taste and the tenders were big and juicy. Fries were decent though. If you're familiar with the great value seasoned fries at Walmart (Not to add as an insult cause those are surprisingly delicious), that's how they taste. So overall a pleasant meal.The ambiance is great but the chicken is tolerable. I went to the one on Decatur. Maybe the other locations are better but I will not be back for the chicken. The daiquiris are the bomb though.I have been to several Willies and I love love love them all. When I came here I tried the honey biscuits and they were better than I expected. The chicken is always good at each location. The reason why I gave them 4 stars is because the clerk was very rude. The location closed in 30 minutes and He let us know we had to eat what was already prepared :( Very Rude.Nothing to special about the chicken. The biscuits though are very good though with the honey drizzled on them. Overall still a good place to eat.The worse experience ever ....... no flavored wings at 9:00 on a Saturday night!  Fried chicken only ..... paid $5.00 for what appeared to be a half order of canjun fries .  They whisper your number and get an attitude when you don't hear them.  Most of the folks in there were drunk.... they should call it Willie's Get Drunk Shack! Don't waste your time or money.Terrible food and expensive. We got an order of chicken wings (6) which was $10. It didnt come with a drink or fries. I was thinking ok well maybe they are decent size wings with good sauce. Nope. Definetly not the case at all. Our other platter was the fried shrimp combo. Shrimp was ok nothing to talk about. Lunch turned out to be $30. The Staff was ghetto and rude. Better off going to McDonalds.Chicken was flavorful and crispy, red beans and rice have a little kick . Jambalaya was dry and tasteless , gumbo was alright I've had better . But 5 stars for the best chicken . It was clean , but restroom has a digital code to enter .Walked by and was looking for a fast casual place to eat and stumbled upon this place. It looks like it might not look good at all but it is the best fried chicken tenders I have ever had. They also had sauces that were in the tables rather than having to fight for sauce. 
The only down side is they would not give a water cup but do serve bottled water for 2.50Pretty good fast food but the service makes this a place to stop. Ashante was an awesome bartender and the whole staff was very friendly.Their frozen margaritas that come from the icee type machine is amazing!! Skip the yard stick and just get the large styrofoam cup that's the same price and I swear double the actual drink.We got the fried chicken with biscuits since we were pressed for time and had to eat before a tour. The chicken was cooked nicely and was seasoned heavily, so it was on the salty side from my point of view. The biscuit was a good pair for the chicken. Nothing stood out for us.COME EAT AT WILLIES AND SEE MS.MARY!!! She is so polite and friendly! She even came by our table to check up on us and ask us how we were and if we were enjoying our food. 
We ordered two 3 piece chicken tenders with fries and a biscuit and it was absolutely amazing! Best chicken, fries and biscuit I've ever had!Hot and fresh chicken strips. If you want to get a taste of NOLA you gotta stop and get a STRONG adult beverage and some chicken. You will wait awhile for your order but worth it. Go for the red beans and rice they have some real good flavor.