Love the atmosphere, the food is good and a nice change of pace for the city.  I enjoy sitting at the bar and the staff has always been friendly.  The baked goods look delicious piled up high on the counter as you enter the restaurant.Omg yum! Best brunch we had while in New Orleans! While the hot buttered crab toast looked the best, the biscuits and gravy stole the show. The pastry bar in the front was also a very cute display. I wished I saved enough room to grab some pastries to go! It'll be on our list when we return to New Orleans!First trip to New Orleans and we decided to eat breakfast here.  The biscuits and gravy were outstanding and only cost $9.
Fast service and the wait staff stayed on top of everythingIncredible experience! Tremendous food and service in a trendy, comfy atmosphere.  Wonderful coffee to go (using Intelligentsia beans)!  
The food was phenomenal - avocado toast, crab hollandaise, banana bread, and the fritters.  All to die for.  Order 5 small splits of bubbles for $54.
All in all, and excellent place to brunch.  Highly recommend!!Love the service, food, and hospitality. We ordered the yummy cornbread (highly recommended), the fried chicken, and the avocado tartine.....pleasantly surprised with them combination of foods. 
For dessert we ordered the delicious red velvet cake which was truly amazing. 
Hector was are server - very knowledgable on the items ordered as well as excellent recommendations.This place was welcoming and the staff very friendly.  It was also extremely affordable with high quality food.  It was so close to our hotel that we ended up going twice and me being a sucker for soups I got soup each time!  The first visit I ordered the roasted tomato soup with grilled pimento cheese sandwich. I have a major thing for pimento cheese and since I was in the south I had to try it.  The combo was heavenly.  The second time we went we got a bunch of appetizers including the roasted beet salad, the artichoke dip, and both the salmon and avocado toast.  So I ordered a small main dish and that was the French onion soup...which again absolutely delightful.  If you are looking for some good comforting southern food this is the spot.Great place and great bakery selection. 
The decor makes this place super comfortable.The CBD is always a fertile launching pad for fun, upbeat eateries with a catchy theme and Willa Jean's is my latest discovery in that category  Their breakfast menu is to die for with cheesy shrimp(and lots of them) velvety grits, along with the lightest, flakiest biscuit I 
have ever drooled over Breakfast salads
with salmon toast and desserts too creative
to describe, but all unique and choices of fresh fruit compotes , fresh made ice cream, and salty caramel parfaits.  I could go on for paragraphs .  Best thing is just go try this reasonably priced, easily accessible 
delightful new establishment as soon as you can. Your taste buds will thank you.Great food, great service, usually a minimum of a half an hour wait time because what's good is popular and they don't take reservations. Fried chicken and waffles and the hangover beef are my yummy go tos for brunch. Not the place to go if you're on a diet. Almost every time I visit NOLA I try to go to Willa Jean!Best breakfast I've ever had in NOLA! Wonderful food & staff! Is definitely a favorite & will come back on any future trips back to NOLA.Great cafe pit stop near financial district! Love the frozen cocktails and beer selection... staff was amazing, specifically Jessica behind the bar. Amazing bartender, amazing service. Love this place!In town on business and wandered over to this new spot for some dinner. So glad I did!! This will certainly become a neighborhood favorite! 
Had a lovely waitress named Jenna and a wonderful southern dish with a twist of modern style!  
Don't forget to top off your meal with the peach blackberry cobbler!Bravo! Bravo! Bravo!
I am not a Besh snob, but I do enjoy his restaurants. We had a superb dining experience with great atmosphere. The checkered cotton blend shirts with slim fitting dockers (on guys) was interesting. 
This area is really booming. First Rouses, them WJ! Furniture place across the street brings high end vibe to this CBD area. Also noticed Company Burger and cool pizza place. The pizza place is definitely on my list.
Starters was mac & cheese. Very picky about my cheese. It was good but not great. Moving on to meal. Hubby had meatloaf dish. He had no complaints. I had the grilled fish sandwich. It was really GREAT!! 
I wanted milk & cookies but I absorbed enough calories, including uncorked tasting wine. 
I will be back with my sisters, friends, baby, hubby! Happy Hour, coffee & dessert, dindin! Whoever wants to go back with me.First of all, one of my favorite brunches in the city. Excellent food and atmosphere--chicken biscuit, grits, crab roll not to be missed. But even better, I just walked in here on Mardi Gras day, in a costume, looking absurd, and was told by the friendly hostesses that they would figure out a way to seat my party of five. After running into trouble and attitude (understandably, Mardi Gras is stressful!) at similar places, this was a delightful change of pace. Love the always accommodating staff at Willa Jean! Definitely worth your visit.We called in at 11:30 on a Sunday to make a reservation for 4. Got a 12:15 and when we walked in the wait was already starting. By the time we left the pastry / host counter was chock full of people waiting.
We ordered the Monkey Bread, Yogurt and Granola, Shrimp and grits and Huevos Rancheros. 
The Monkey Bread was plentiful and gone in a flash. I didn't try it but the three little Shinns tried to lick the quarter sheet pan they came on.
The Yogurt (homemade) was very smooth and had a creamy tang that was refreshing in the heat of the day. The oldest Shinn ate all the granola so I don't know personally how good it was but I reckon v good or I woulda got to try it.
The Shrimp and Grits were good, a solid version of this classic. Not the best I've had (Tanya Holland's from Brown Sugar Kitchen take that distinction) but very good.
The Huevos were delicious, with tortilla strips on top like tortilla soup. The corn tortillas were soft and easy to cut, the black beans were smooth, creamy and flavorful and the red sauce was smoky and delightful. Some of the best Huevos Rancheros I've had. 
The people watching was fun, and the space has lots of interesting decor elements to notice if you're into that. It's a big open space that makes acoustics a little reverber-y but not a deal killer.
The service is a little slow to greet tables but was on point throughout the meal.Ehhh
I mean the food is good and the staff is friendly and helpful but this place is just way too overpriced. 
Our order/my rating:
biscuits with jam and butter (5/5)
huevos rancheros (4/5)
kale salad (3/5)
Overall, this place has a New York City vibe which is a lot of fun and slightly uppity and comes with New York City prices.Sat at the bar area and had one of their iced teas and the kale salad with chicken. Food came out quickly and was delicious  plus the ambiance of the place was really nice. Only taking off a star bc I wish the serving of salad was bigger but perhaps I was just really hungry.I've only come for breakfast,  but the food and service great.  Moderately priced.  Expensive OJ.  Expect to pay 15 per person for breakfast.  Coffee was good.I've been brought goodies from here many times and bought goodies for myself. Friends and I all take turn stopping by and finding new yummy stuff to bring each other. Hands down the best chocolate chip cookies.  Lovely breads. Love it.Made it to Willa Jean twice on the trip, although I hated repeating a place on such a short visit. But it was close to the hotel and easy to do a final breakfast before going to the airport. My breakdown of the two meals:
AMBIANCE: Top notch. Warm, open, bright. Lots of space, very well designed, and great service from everyone. 
FOOD:
Best: the griddled meatloaf sandwich. This thing was excellent from start to finish. Perfectly seasoned meat, great onion strings and a nice bun (which ended up being mostly useless for holding the sandwich but was still tasty). This is a can't miss. 
Cornbread with cane syrup was also really nice. Warm, fresh and full of flavor. Hard to stop eating. 
Good: the shrimp and grits I had for breakfast today. Flavors went well together, including the little cheddar biscuits that were included in the skillet. 
Of the cookies, I would say the peanut butter chunk and oatmeal with dried fruit were the two winners. 
So-so: I wasn't impressed with the croissant at all. Lamination didn't look great and flavor wasn't what I was looking for. Chocolate chip cookie, while beautiful, also didn't match expectations. 
Still a great place to eat, but could be hit and miss.We went out of our way to try Willa Jean and were very glad we did; from the decor to the service, to the wonderful food, everything was awesome.I would eat here every day. I was in New Orleans for 5 days and visited this spot 3 different times. First I had the BBQ shrimp for lunch and it was the best sauce I have ever eaten. I finished the meal by sharing the banana pudding in a mason jar with my wife and it hit the spot. 
2nd visit we took a group of 8 for dinner. I had braised lamb with some noodles in a great broth with peas. Tried the pork chop and it was on point. So was the half chicken. Ordered all the appetizers and none of them disappointed. Everyone in our party enjoyed their order. Finished with Blueberries and Bourbon dessert. Perfect finish to my meal. 
3rd visit my wife went to the pastry section in the morning and got a few different things for our trip home. 
I will recommend this restaurant to anyone that tells me they are going to New Orleans. It will be the first place I will tell them to check out.Everything here looks amazing; I mean the pastries!! We came in before the saint game on Sunday it was packed. We had to start grilled banana bread OMG  best banana bread I've ever had!! I had the biscuit sausage gravy and my better half had the fried chicken egg on a biscuit with Tabasco honey drizzle yummy . It's worth a try!! Go when you have time to wait because the service was a bit slow.The service was wonderful as was our overall experience. We split the griddled banana bread (do not miss this!!!) and the avocado toast. Each was a 10/10, and they even split them for us on separate dishes. The lattes were also perfect!In New Orleans for the weekend and we went here twice!  Brunch was delicious. We had a few different dishes but don't ever skip the banana bread!  Literally melts in your mouth! Other than that, get back over and ask for cookies and milk! Literally the best chocolate chip cookies I've ever had!Willa Jean is what I expect a brunch place to be. When I walk in, I'm presented with a pastry bar. Like that's exactly what I want to see and they all look impeccable. While we waited to be seated, I couldn't help but order some baked goods. I really wanted to try the sticky cinnamon bun my cousin recommended but they didn't have any that morning. 
Blueberry ginger muffin - this was so good. The ginger jcame through which gave it a unique taste with the blueberries. I was sharing partly because I wanted to save room for the meal we were about to have but I ended up eating most of it anyways. 
Chocolate chip cookie with sea salt - slightly crispy edges and soft, pulls easily apart center = perfection. Could have gone easy on the salt. 
When got seated, we ordered a lot so let's get right into it. 
Monkey bread - pulled apart very easily and very sweet. Only six pieces? It's good but wish there was more.
Artichoke dip - basically cheese and bread but for the price though? It's just standard. Nothing exciting in my opinion. My cousins did enjoy this.  
Huevos rancheros - this is what I ordered. Corn tortilla, tomatillo, black beans, avocado, cotija cheese, and fried eggs. It's good but made me think that I should have ordered something else. My fried eggs were undercooked so they gave me another set but I still couldn't eat it. A pass for me.  
Hangover bowl - braised short ribs with grits and a poached egg. Can I just have a bowl of just the braised short ribs? I think the dish could have benefitted from some texture. 
Willa Jean shrimp + grits - shrimp, gravy, grits, and a poached egg. It's good but on the heavy side, for me. Again, I think it could have benefitted with some texture. It needed a crunchy element. 
The bakery side of the restaurant easily gets 5 stars from me but the restaurant side gets a 3 from me. It's a really nice brunch place but I can't justify sub par food along with a high price tag.Had the chocolate chip cookie, peanut butter chocolate chip cookie and a praline brownie. The chocolate chip cookie had to much salt on it and the brownie tasted more like fudge than a brownie but the peanut butter cookie was good. I probably won't be returning.Honestly some of the best grits I've ever had! We went in for breakfast twice during our visit to NOLA. Had the Willa Breakfast and the Chicken Biscuit. Highly recommend both!This was sooooo yummy!! I had the grilled cheese and spicy tomato soup and my boyfriend had the avocado toast, to drink I had the rose + orange blossom lemonade and he had an iced latte. We spent $50 after our tip, so I think it was $44. It was the best grilled cheese I've ever had. Just everything about this experience was as I hoped.After missing lunch today, I was looking for a spot for a quick drink and a light snack to hold me over until dinner. The bourbon milk punch and pimento cheese appetizer was a winning combination with a nice surprise of happy hour providing a half off price tag for both items.
The staff took care of me with good recommendations and service. 
Interesting observation: the bar lights looked like light bulbs placed in the middle of a classic whisk.From Dc. Had a Wonderful brunch in here! The restaurant was neat and clean(except for silverware) our waiter was awesome. Had avocado toast ,bbq toast and Kombucha(bayberry) oh and their cookie was super yummy!!!The food we got at Willa Jean was beyond delicious! I could tell their menu was seasonal and every bite was enjoyed. The service was below average, but there was also a very large party at the time, so I figured that affected our experience. I also felt that for the serving sizes the price was a little high - but still pretty worth it!Awesome service. Awesome taste. We went in late on a week night. Was a great experience. Wish there was another one out in WashingtonHad brunch here while in Nola. Ordered the steak n' eggs,  their famous cornbread, and fried chicken biscuit. Will definitely be a main spot and mini-side getaway from French Quarter, when visiting.  
Don't forget to order the Willa Jean Cornbread! Missing out if you didn't.I'm in town (New Orleans) for a few days and Willa Jean was a place I was told I "needed to check out". It was recommended for brunch but unfortunately my mornings were already booked. We stopped in during the early afternoon and to our surprise it was Happy Hour! We were greeted by the sweetest server, Paige. We sat at the bar top and took a look at the beers/wines/desserts that were 1/2 off for the next 45 minutes. I got a "drunk in love" (frozen watermelon+vodka) and it was , just what I wanted after a hot day of walking. I enjoyed a loaded rice krispy treat  (sweet & salty) and got a few cookies to go. All were delicious. 
The service was great, Paige was rad, the vibe was yet upbeat and the food & bev didn't disappoint. Thanks Willa Jean! 
Can't wait to come back, I WILL be brunching here.It gets better & better every time I visit! The pastries are always top notch and the service has really found its groove. No matter when I come by, I never feel rushed (which is perfect because sometimes you just need to sit and sip a Milk Money Latte). I do still find it a little pricy, but in this neighborhood, it's pretty much on par with surrounding businesses.
I highly recommend the avocado toast as well as the yogurt with granola if you want to convince yourself you're having a "healthy" breakfast. For something more comforting, go for the Mac & Cheese. And never leave without a few pastries for the road (I strongly encourage several chocolate chip cookies!)
I'll definitely keep coming back!We always know we will get an awesome meal at any Besh restaurant, but with his newest partnership with Kelly Fields and Lisa White, this is just the twist New Orleans needed.  Decadent pastries, very special coffees, and light to substantial bites.  Breakfast, lunch and dinner served, and we have been lucky enough to eat here for 2 meals in 24 hours!  Yesterday's incredible lunch drew us right back for an amazing breakfast today!This is a great little bakery / breakfast place around the business district of New Orleans. They're open pretty early and have really good food. The shrimp & grits were awesome and so was the fried chicken and biscuits. They even have great coffee too.I've had high expectations for our first meal in NOLA.  I walked away thinking that it was average, but reflecting after our four day trip to NOLA, I've decided that this was one of my least favorite meals in this city.  The only reason I've chose this place is because Cafe Amelie was booked, and Willa Jean had availability for the time frame I wanted.  My first thought after walking into Willa Jean was that the space is modern and sleek.  I've loved a sunny open space with interesting lighting fixtures. 
We ordered:
Fried Chicken Biscuit - this was my favorite dish of the meal.  The biscuit was perfection.  I love how the biscuit was buttery and moist on the inside, while crunchy on the outside.  I've enjoyed peeling off each layer and dip it into the honey that accompanied the dish.  Even though it is suppose to be tobasco honey, I couldn't really taste the tobasco.  The chicken was good as well, but the biscuit was the star of this meal.
Gulf Shrimp Etouffee - it was ok.  The cheddar biscuits were a bit of a let down after trying the amazing biscuit that accompanied the fried chicken.  It felt like a lump of flour instead of an intricately layered biscuit.  The grits were too clumpy for my liking.  I liked the gravy, but I didn't love the flavor of the shrimp.
Crispy Duck Dirty Rice - this was salt overload!  Whomever was in charge of this dish must've slipped and pour a whole bucket of salt on this dish.  I thought it was inedible, but instead of sending it back, my guy was too hungry to wait. His solution was to pour the honey from the fried chicken dish all over this dish in order to overpower the salt.  
Service was a slow as our server seemed a bit overwhelmed.  We didn't see him for awhile after he took our drink order.  To be fair, he wasn't just standing idly by, he was rushing from table to table and putting in orders.  He did make an effort to check on us once during the meal.  I wanted to try dessert, but the duck dirty rice dish threw me off, and I didn't want to risk another over-seasoned dish.  Overall, I was disappointed to have "wasted" a meal here as there are soooo many other amazing restaurants in this great city.Tried it a few times, won't be going back. The dishes are overpriced and quite bare to boot. Ex, the brunch biscuit menu items are priced like
entrees (at a normal cafe; here the entrees are priced like dinners) but lack any sides, just a floating biscuit/meat on a plate. On my last visit I wanted the crab benedict I've seen in pictures but it's not on the menu, so I tried the sausage egg and pimento cheese biscuit. The sausage is way too dense and thick like a burger, and the sunny side up  egg was overcooked so had no runny yolk. 
Companion had the heuvos rancheros and it was very salty, not great. 
Just not worth the Besh price hike for what should be breakfast fare.Yum! After seeing so many good reviews, I chose to add this restaurant as a stop on our NOLA trip- we were not disappointed. We came for the milk and cookies and the chicken biscuit.... we fell in love with the frozen alcoholic honeysuckle lemonade. The service was great. We weren't sure which drink to get so our waiter brought us samples of the three frozen drinks they offered. As soon as we tasted the delicious honeysuckle lemonade, we had to order two. We ordered a chicken biscuit, sausage gravy biscuit, and the milk & cookies to share. The chicken biscuit was HUGE and delicious! The sausage gravy was good but could've used a little bit more spice in my opinion. The cookies were crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside with flecks of sea salt on top and served with a little beater of cookie dough and vanilla bean infused cold milk. When I am in NOLA again, I would definitely make it a point to come back.Very good food, Courtney my sever was very friendly, knowledgeable about the menu, one of the best servers I've had in a long timeThis place is fantastic!!!! Everything you can think of to order is delicious in a way you could never imagine because it has some unexpected twist with it.The meatloaf sandwich was fantastic and fairly priced. However, fairly disappointed in alcohol pricing. Well whiskey was $8 each, jack Daniels was $10.50. Might as well bring a flask at those prices.Willa Jean has the perfect environment, delicious food, and incredible drinks. Next time I am visiting New Orleans, I will be sure to visit Willa Jean again!Had the Hot Oyster Po Boy pretty hot but delicious.  Also Bloody Mary was spicy but tastyDelicious breakfast!  Perfect over easy eggs and the pimento cheese biscuit was fabulous!  Seriously the best bacon ever!We can't wait to go back!This place was good. We went for a couple dishes we saw on yelp but none of them were available anymore. Had I looked at the current menu I probably wouldn't have come. No more blackberry peach cobbler and no more eggs purgatory, among other things. The staff was very nice and informed me that the menu changes regularly, so if you are stuck on something you saw on yelp call ahead. We ate anyway since there was an hour wait and we were hungry when we finally got seated. We ordered chicken on a biscuit with the Tabasco honey and got gravy on the side. Glad we got gravy on the side because honestly the biscuits are pretty dry. Chicken was flavorful with a nice batter. The meat itself could use an extra touch, maybe a brine? The chicken and biscuit is just as good as whataburgers. We also had the milk money macchiato, the little cute drink with the heart. It was good but if you are a coffee drinker, keep it mind it is small. The atmosphere is nice and even though it was slammed the staff were attentive and food was delivered quickly. Overall nothing special, just ok. Probably won't be back considering New Orleans has so much flavor to be offered elsewhere.Our favorite place of our whole NOLA trip!
The banana bread ohmygahd. Must get. 
Ice coffee so good
The biscuit was amazing
-the sausage wasn't my favorite - it was like a big ol' hockey puck of meat. I could barely finish.
Really good salads. 
Wish they were in SF!Amazing! Been there innumerable times and besides having to wait there is nothing I don't love about this place. Everyone who works there is amazingly nice and happy too. I would try more on the menu but the crab Benedict, The griddled banana bread and the breakfast sandwiches are too good!Had a breakfast meeting here during the week and came back on Saturday - had breakfast and coffee at the counter.  The food is always excellent - great variety and always filling.  The only slight is it can be a little pricey for breakfast - but worth it.  Highly recommended!I wanted it all!! Settled for short ribs, grits, crispy garlic, and onions in a bowl. Attention from server great and portions were ginormous!! Of course I had to take banana bread with me for a later snackI've been to Willa Jean twice for dinner and absolutely loved it. The food all tastes so fresh. I highly recommend the smoked salmon. It's the best salmon I've ever had. The hanger steak is also really nicely done. And the service was extremely friendly and attentive.I have now been here twice and am hooked!  While the prices seem a little high, the quality is great and I always end up getting something from the bakery to go.  The French onion soup is wonderful as is the corn bread.  In fact, the first time my friend and I tried the cornbread, we thought we had died and gone to heaven.  Service is good and everyone there is very friendly.  This is one of this places I will continue to go back to and try something different everytime.  not a huge menu, but I like everything I see!Yum! Great coffee and food. While I didn't partake the full bar looked great. Enjoyed BBQ shrimp toast and some pastries. Sat at the bar and enjoyed the trendy atmosphere.Super good. Love the decor. Reminds me of Legacy Kitchen. The happy hour chicken thighs were the bomb.The food is good. The service is good. Everything about this restaurant was good, a reasonably priced breakfast with fine service and good food. But for this visit I was disappointed. It seems that the prices for the dishes have gone up astronomically. All brunch plates are over $16, a chicken biscuit which used to be $8 is now $10, cheese grits $6, you get the idea. At these prices I might as well be going to Jazz Brunch at Commander's Palace, whose environment and quality of service justifies the high price for food.Everything was phenomenal and presented so well! Great vibe inside and very pleasant staff!Just had a super yummy lunch there. SUPER YUMMY. Please do yourself a favor and get the cornbread--so tasty that I don't even care that there must be a whole stick of butter in there. We also got the crab roll which is even better with some hot sauce. The kale salad is a solid respite from all of that buttery goodness. Service is friendly and prompt.
GO.9 times out of 10, you will not catch me waiting 45 minutes for breakfast. Willa Jean is the 1 time that you will, the wait is WORTH IT. They have a togo bar where you can get some pastries, coffee, or a frosé while you wait- which helps make the time go by. Once you finally snag a seat, the food is FANTASTIC. No matter what you order, you will be impressed. The staff is fun and friendly, and again the food is perfect. It's not a traditional bacon and two eggs kind of place. And the Dirty Water drink is great as well!Finally made it to WJ's. We ordered several sandwiches: a meat loaf, wahoo, fried chicken, womanich, and burger. The meat loaf was the best of the bunch. All came with chips except the burger which had fries. IMO the items are overpriced by about $2 each and should have the option of fries without an upcharge.  The meat loaf sandwich has unbelievable flavor with a balance of sweet and spicey.  The wahoo was a little overcooked leaving it a little dry. The fried chicken sandwich was also very tasty. The burger was disappointing.  (High Hat offers a much better burger and is less expensive.) What really adds to the meal are the excellent desserts from the in house bakery. Hot cookies and cakes and cobblers and nuttella rolls--all soooo good. Staff were also exceptional. We plan to go back for brunch.Shrimp etouffe biscuits grits and a perfect poached egg... To die for!! Great space good people watching service a bit unrushed but attentive.Long wait at lunch but well worth it! Had the oyster po boy and fried chicken sandwich and cocktails. Wonderful start to our trip and will be back for dessert!Went for lunch and the place was packed. Waited approximately 20 or 30 minutes for our table. The hostess kept us updated on out table and soon as we sat down brought out complimentary appetizers because of the wait. I got the crab roll and it was awesome. Our waiter was a little slow but it was only the second day open. 
The sea salt chocolate cookies were awesome. Looking forward to coming back and trying other items in the menuAte here for lunch and it was fantastic. I had the meatloaf sandwich and it was delicious with tomato jam and fried onion strings on a toasted onion roll. My friend had the Bentons bacon salad with roast chicken. She said hers was great too. The decor and atmosphere was great too. And you can just pop in for a coffee or bakery item (all looked delish)It's been a while since my first ( and so far, only ) visit to NOLA but I wanted to weigh in on my first morning experience and the fantastic breakfast I had at Willa Jean. We ordered a coffee while waiting about 10 minutes for a table to open up then were seated inside, with views onto the street all around the space. Tables are closely spaced but still provide enough sense of privacy that it feels more open. Service was quick and very friendly, informative when we asked for recommendations on what to try. The vibe was lively and relaxing at the same time. 
The menu seems distinctly New Orleans. I chose the BBQ Shrimp Toast, which consisted of grilled sourdough, burrata, big gulf shrimp, and NOLA style BBQ sauce. HOLY SH#T! What a treat. Definitely give this a try. I really can't describe it other than to say the taste is sublime. The gulf shrimp was perfectly done and just delicious. One thing you can NOT pass up is the Bloody Mary. I'm a recent convert to the Bloody Mary for about a year or so now and I have to say, to date- this is THE best-tasting damned Bloody Mary I've ever had. Do yourself a favor and give this a try when you stop in, you will definitely not regret it. Wow. 
If I'm ever fortunate enough to visit New Orleans again, this will be a definite stop on my list. Might even be a regular spot depending on how long I am there. Willa Jean is a winner.Walked over from the Hyatt for breakfast before my morning session. I yelped this place prior to making a reservation and liked that it was close to where I was staying. As mentioned, I had made a reservation, but upon walking in, I gave up my table for the couple behind me and sat at the bar (I was dining solo and there was a wait for a table).
The bartenders were attentive and friendly and the food recommendation given was exactly what I was looking for. I had Willa Jean Crawfish & Grits and their Frozen Rose. DELICIOUS!!! Light, flavorful, and just perfect! My bill came to $25 and some change.I have been following their Instagram for awhile now. I was so excited about the grand opening day and I knew it would be wise to make reservations. We were greeted right away. The place was crowded! 
The restaurant looked nice. The fixtures along the bar are whisks! Cute! The big windows give the restaurant a feeling of openness. 
The menu items drew me in! I think I "oohed and ahhed" a lot of the items. Thanks to having company, I knew I would get to try multiple items. We ordered the pimento and ham plate, pigs in a blanket, Mac n cheese, smoked salmon tartine, figs and goat cheese tartine, and roasted yardbird. Everything was pretty good. My favorite was the figs and goat cheese tartine. My least was the Mac n cheese lacking in flavor and was bland. Overall, a nice new place to try but none of the food stayed on my mind. Also, don't come here if you are the type to look for "bang for your buck". The tartines are approximately $10. You will be hungry if you don't order anything with that. Choose the sandwiches or entrees instead.Awesome place, the atmosphere and ambience is great. A popular spot for locals and tourist! Super fresh ingredients. I had the crawfish and grits, it was a bit bland for my liking. I also had the beet salad which was really refreshing, but too many beets for my liking. I also had the cornbread which is a restaurant favorite. The bread was warm and light, the honey butter was a nice added sweetness. I definitely recommend this place for brunch. The location is great and scenic views with the large windows.Really, surprisingly disappointed in this new restaurant from Besh - as I usually love everything he graces (hello, yes Luke and Borgne). I came for lunch at noon last week with two friends, which apparently is when everyone else in the city decided to come in during a rainy Wednesday afternoon. It was packed, and we had no reservation---- yes for lunch. Alright, alright, shame on us for not knowing! But we were given menus and told me could "order to go" and still eat at a bar that lined the front window - score!
Jump to the ordering. The chick behind the counter clearly was still learning her bearings, which was fine, except that she was VERY rude, and for no reason - quite uncalled for. She also gave my friends attitude when they ordered their meals apparently. I tried asking if I waited for my drinks first before the food and she had no answers for me, just a grimace. So, we went and sat and waited.
Fun fact: if you order at the counter, your food will be packaged up to go, drinks and all. No big deal, though we did say we would be eating at the counter. Overtime, we each received our clunky bags with our go-boxes and plastic-ware (you ever try cutting a half chicken with a plastic knife? NOPE). I also got an espresso, which, hilariously, was put into a go coffee cup. A disgusting waste. Just give me a damn espresso cup. Save some waste. And all the while they were still pretty rude and/or very confused with calling our names or bringing us the drinks and later the food.
Anyway, whatever, the service wasn't amazing. But the place was packed so we were excited.
One friend got the caesar salad and added chicken to it - something like $16? It was quite minuscule, and she was very unimpressed for what she paid. I didn't bother trying it. Other friend got the friend chicken slider thing--- he was indifferent. I got the chicken.. the uh "roasted yardbird" (a whopping $20 for lunch) and the tomato and feta salad ("marinated tomato salad"? for $10). I was very impressed with the salad, loaded up with fresh tomatoes and a great flavor with the feta - $10 was a lot for one person, but the size was easily for two people or as a stand alone  meal for one (if you added meat or something, I don't know what you like in your salad). The chicken.... TWENTY BUCKS for the equivalent of half a rotisserie  that you could easily buy at Rouses or Whole Foods. Terribly unimpressed for the price. The chicken was good, but I don't know who in their right minds would spend that much.... but maybe that's the crowd that Willa Jean is looking to cater to...
Though my salad was great, the chicken wasn't remotely memorable for the price as with my friends and their respective meals, and to top it all off, the staff was clueless and rude. I'm sure the pastries are amazing, but I doubt I'll find myself walking in there again to find out. Nope.
Those boojie, reservation-lunch crowds can have it all. End rant.YES. Place is da bomb. Beautiful atmosphere, friendly service, excellent food. Pimento cheese was delicious, as was the sausage gravy biscuit. Got the cookies and milk for dessert, and couldn't be happier. We will be back :)!!!Excellent and different biscuits.  The biscuits had a pastelitos type flakey outside texture and the dough was soft and buttery,  yummm. 
My avocado toast was beautiful (flowers and vibrant colors) and seem to contain red pepper flakes along with pistachios.  Wow what a delight.Located just outside the French Quarter, this is a gem.  We were introduced to Pour Over coffee. Delicious.   We enjoyed a crawfish over grits dish and a shrimp toast with a poached egg.  Both were fit for a photo shoot and had the flavor to go with it. 
The atmosphere was great with a relaxed and William our waiter very helpful.Have been to Willa Jean several times but never sat down to write a review. Last week my wife and I took the grand kids there for dessert after having had an early dinner that day.  I had the banana pudding and my wife had the blueberry pavlova. Could be the best banana pudding I have ever had and the pavlova was fantastic.Cookies and bread!!!!!!!!! Nola needed this, and I couldn't be happier. The peanut butter/chocolate chip and the chocolate espresso cookies are PERFECT. I can't wait to try everything. Brava, ladies!!!This 1 star rating isn't about the food nor the establishment. It's about the two hostess today, Friday, 05/26/2017 manning the front between 9:30-10:30AM. My husband and I wanted a tasty meal before heading to the airport after our 6 day stay. We walked the several blocks from the JW Marriott because of the reviews and pictures we enjoyed on Yelp. Upon entering we did see that they were busy, it was a full house. Actually a plus, means reviews are correct and it's a good place. The gentleman who took my husband's info asked if we had a reservation, of course we didn't as we figured it was a Friday morning and don't think most tourists make reservations especially not for breakfast. The host took our name and cell # and said he'd text us as soon as something came up. We waited approximately 45 minutes and other parties would come in and they'd be seated. I'm sure some of them had reservations (locals most likely) but several 2 people groups came in and were asked to wait to the side. Well a couple of them were told about the bars if they didn't want to wait for a table which they NEVER asked us if we didn't mind sitting at the bars in lieu of waiting! Later these 2 girls who came in waaaay after we did were seated to a table before us. That's all I could take before going to inquire about us. The girl didn't seem to acknowledge that we'd been standing there for 45 min but then the guy chimes in and says "babble, babble, babble, I sat them down first, but you're next." Well that was it, my husband and I both looked at each other and decided this wasn't the place that cared for some tourists. Seems they lean more towards whom they think are regular customers and sit them first! This popular establishment should train their hostess better or teach them to treat everyone equally and not show favoritism! Well I'm kinda bummed that I didn't get to try any of the items I read about on Yelp but we had a happy ending after all before heading to the airport. Since it was now past breakfast time we opted to go back to Bon Ton Cafe which we tried earlier in the week! The server Matt remembered us from before and was happy we came back! Enjoyed their house specialty drink "Rum Ramsey" and the most amazing bread pudding with Whiskey sauce! Guess there was a reason we were "SNUBBED" at Willa Jean's! Bon Ton Cafe will  be getting my 5 star reviews!Fantastic banana cake. I have been travelling to different cities in North America in the last 4 years and this place is one of my favorites for breakfast. The baked goods are definitely what makes this place special. Service is good too.Top notch. My breakfast was delicious. The thick cut bacon yummy. Eggs cooked perfect. The coffee! Loved it. Had the house blend. I wanted to try so many items on the menu so I will be back!This place is amazingly good.  Artichoke dip is definitely the best I have ever had anywhere.  We also had the fritters and pimento which I would recommend but If you only have room for one appetizer I would get the artichoke.  
We got the savory hand pies and crab roll it was very good!  
HIGHLY recommend this place.Holy cow. What an amazing lunch!  I had the fried shrimp sandwich and the shrimp were the best I've ever had. My daughter had the crawfish bread and it was amazing too. We followed it with the warm cookies and vanilla milk... Yummy!  The restaurant was beautiful and the service was great. We will be back!