The fried chicken is some of the best I've ever tasted! I had the three piece meal, fried okra and Community unsweet iced tea. They accept cash only, no alcoholic beverages and be patient as good fried chicken takes time when it's served fresh. Others at the table had mashed potatoes (served with peas) and green beans (served with rice). All received rave reviews.5 stars for the fried chicken that had crispy flavorful skin which covered juicy seasoned chicken meat that had a kick to it. Yes even the breast were juicy and tender. Can I say that??  
Side dishes (green beans, fried okra, dirty rice and gravy) were a good complement but I came back for the chicken. 15 days in NOLA and I found myself here twice. If I didn't run out of time it would have been three times. Both times was on a Wednesday night which featured a jazz band. Perfect for my visit to where JAZZ was born.  
The feel was quaint which I appreciate and perfect for eating chicken w your fingers. 
The airplane magazine reviews stated it was the best fried chicken in the world. Was it you ask? Hehe.. I won't fall for that trick...cuz everyone knows that momma's fried chicken is the best...or in my case dad's ... Sorry mom... But it is sure a close second!
Definitely a great recommendation for visitors looking for comfort food. I reckon (hehe) I'll be coming back the next time I find myself in NOLA!We went there for lunch on a Saturday. The food was great. The fried chicken and butter beans were incredible. Even the chicken nuggets were delicious. My kids enjoyed the mac and cheese, too. The only negative is, like every one already stated, the service. Everyone we encountered was very friendly, but getting someone to acknowledge us was difficult. Drinks were never refilled and it took a good fifteen minutes to get someone to bring our check. We'll still go again because of that chicken, though.The food was awesome but the service was horrible. 
The green beans were terrific, which I only had because they were out of Mac and cheese. We did have a large party (9) but we waited for over an hour to get a table. Once we were sat we waited 20 minutes for someone to take our drink order. We spent over two and a half hours here. And it really wasn't that busy. No since of urgency at all. I had to ask 3 times to have my drink refilled.  
The waitress is very lucky that the tip was included in the price.I bought a Groupon for Willie Mae's before my New Orleans trip hoping to find time to go in a busy volunteer work week prepping some Hollygrove homes ahead of the NBA Cares Day of Service. Friday came and I had scheduled a massage to work out the kinks near Willie Mae's intent on getting some chicken. Despite the parade day hickups with streetcars and sporadic heavy rain, I made it there and back before the streetcars stopped running along the parade route. Willie Mae's Grocery Store & Deli is a an airy dining space but you can't get large groups in here for dining.
I was dripping rainwater when I sat down and ordered a 3-piece plate with butter beans as my side, and 1/2-lemonade, 1/2-unsweetened tea. It takes about 20 minutes for restaurants to cook fried chicken so you have to be a little patient but the food was well worth the wait. The chicken was crispy outside, moist inside, with a little spice kick and the butter beans came in a yummy creamy sauce. The combo had a large breast, a small wing, and a giant mutant-size wing. As I ate, the diners next to me were unsure about butter beans as their side dish; I pointed to mine and told them it was delicious so they ordered and when they tasted it, they found it to be a good choice. Two orders of some tasty white chocolate cheesecake to-go to share with friends completed the meal.
The food was good as was the service despite the fact that the waitress kept getting her hands wet when putting them on my rain jacket hanging on the other chair whenever she talked to me but have to rate down for a restroom that was pretty disgusting. I'd come back if they improve the restroom cleanliness and provide hot water to wash your hands.Total dud...so glad I didn't wait in a long line for this. I have no idea how this place made it on the "21 best fried chicken spots in America." The batter is just way too salty...and I like salty foods! The saltiness was so unbearably that I couldn't eat the skin, when usually the skin is the best part of fried chicken. The crust definitely had a good texture, nice and crispy, and the interior moist. Just too bad that it was soooo salty.
My mother ordered the fish and that too had a salty batter. 
As for the sides, the seasoned green beans was another dud. The rice with gravy was good; I ate it all. The mac & cheese was okay.
This place was NOT and winner.The hype was worth it. Went in at 11:00 am and had Mac n cheese, fried chicken, and fried okra for brunch. Everything was delicious and freshly cooked. Staff was friendly and attentive. Took a walk in nearby Audubon park afterward to work off some of that fried goodnessWent there on 1/14/17 around 4:30 pm. Came in and took a while before anyone even acknowledged us standing waited to be seated (Place was not crowded). Waiter came and asked what we wanted to drink and brought our drinks and disappeared. Around 5:00 pm, we were tired of waiting and our order was never taken so we left. Terrible, poor serviceWorst customer service I've ever seen.  The food was decent but it took forever to come out of the kitchen. Staff were not friendly at all.  Don't recommend it, I've had much better fried chicken.The original is so much better. The food here is as bad as the service. The pork chop was over cooked and the catfish was mush. The shrimp was over cooked and tough. Save your money and time and go to the original. Plain and simple this place sucked.Delicious chicken. Even after having it delivered. The butter beans get a 3 from me. The red velvet cake is to dieeeee for, in my opinion! Did not like the mashed potatoes at all.Service was terrible.food was not good.chicken had a
burnt  taste.we had to send all sides back because they were not hot.would not recommend 'this place.manager was very unprofessional.Chicken is phenomenal--service is awful! If you can overlook terrible service, as in no refills, no attention to your table, and abrupt treatment, it's worth it. Just go with your expectations on service on the low scale, and you won't be disappointed.The fried chicken is better than what I expected. Honestly why eat another piece of fried chicken. 
White beans were tasty too. 
Not going to give it five-stars because I think the pricing is wonky. Upcharge for white meat. Ok. 1 breast and 2 wings for $2 upcharge. Not okay. 
If I could afford it (pocketbook and waistline) I would honestly eat here everyday. The chicken is that darn delicious. 
Servers are sweet and attentive. TIP them!Very mixed visit to Willie Mae's grocery. On the good side, I enjoyed the food. The fried chicken is really good, I love the crispy bits! The white beans and rice is generous and tasty and the Mac and cheese was pretty good too. The cornbread muffin and soft roll were also good. 
The problem as many other reviewers have mentioned is the service. My wife and I came in for lunch on a Saturday and we walked in to a very busy restaurant. Every table was occupied and there was one other party waiting in front of us. Nobody ever came to give us a wait time or take our name or even greet us. After a few minutes, the other party was seated and some people left from the bar, so we just went to sit at the bar to eat. 
It soon became evident that the other diners had been waiting a long time for food / service and the two waitresses appeared quite overwhelmed. They should let people know upfront that things are a little backed up and to expect longer wait times as we heard a parade of people walking up to the bar to inquire what was going on with their food. They should have given away some muffins in rolls to people while they waited. 
Anyway, sitting at the bar was actually beneficial as would would more easily flag people down and order. We actually got our food before the party that was seated before us.I've been to this eatery now a handful of times for two reasons.  First, it's a convenient place to grab a cheap bite to eat (I live four blocks away).  Second, the food at Willie Mae's warms my soul and makes my stomach happy.  
This is definitely a neighborhood establishment with national recognition.  I've talked to people who go every week to Willie Mae's as tradition, and customers who make trips to visit from out of state.  It is America's best fried chicken, after all! 
For $12, I'm able to get three pieces of fried chicken, sweet tea, peas, and homemade mac & cheese.  As a student on a budget, that's an amazing thing to do in Uptown.  Plus, I usually have leftovers to take home.  The fried chicken is crispy and has the perfect crunch.  It's seasoned expertly and isn't too greasy which I prefer.  I mean, I know I'm eating "fried" chicken, but I have to cut calories somewhere! I haven't really tried any of their other menu items.  Their corn muffins are a hit or miss, risk the $.75 and judge for yourself.  I've had better corn muffins/bread, and I usually save my $1 to spend on extra sides (macaroni & cheese).  I don't like peas, but substituting them for something else can spike the price up.  Therefore, I usually scoot them around and focus on the chicken.
I always come two hours before closing, and it's usually not too crowded.  Definitely a comfortable atmosphere that encourages conversations.  A little confused by the expensive art on the wall, but that adds to the kitschy charm.People are being way too brutal with their reviews. $12 for three pieces of chicken with a side is a perfectly set price. And the price has been good for over 50 years. That's why there is a line wrapped around the other location. I felt like I lucked out and that this was a very special surprise today. I was very hungover and this did the trick and the service was very fast. Today is a Sunday. I waited maybe 5 minutes tops. Jasmine took my order and was very sweet and made my hangover felt less stressful. You go Jasmine! The music was good also. Maybe a tad bit too loud but they must have had it on Jackson 5 Pandora. The chandelier is very pretty. They even have a tiny grocery store in the back with my favorite... STRAWBERRY GATORADE!!!!!!! (And mini sized. Yissssss) Overall I was very excited about this location  being so close to home. Good job Willy Maes. So far, both locations have never disappointed me.Not sure what the fuss was about concerning the chicken. The skin was terrible, had a greasy taste to it... So after peeling it off, the chicken  didn't really blow me away, the potato salad wasn't good either. I will say I did enjoy the sweet tea, and the mac n cheese...  Staff is very friendly!!!Came to NOLA with my wife to celebrate our 50th wedding anniversary
and heard we HAD to go to Willie Mae's for a fried chicken lunch.  While we
picked the worst rain storm to do that in because we got soaked between
the street car stop and the shop, we were in for the treat of our lives.  As two
rain-soaked seniors were collecting themselves, we were instructed to get in
line (which didn't exist - i.e. come to the counter to place your order).
This we did and by the time we cleaned off our glasses and mopped up
our wet articles, our fried chicken and side of butter beans came to our
selected table.  We first thought that, because the chicken batter looked a bit
dark, it was burned, but alas, not the case.  Inside this tasty crust was the most
tender and flavorful chicken you ever tasted.  A bit too spicy for my wife, but
I loved it.  The real star of the meal, however, for me was not the chicken but 
the butter beans that was our selected side.  I must say, the sauce/gravy of the 
butter beans was the absolute taste treat.  It was rich with complex flavors, smooth
buttery with strong garlic overtones and was without a doubt one of the best
flavors of our entire week of gustatory adventures in NOLA.  I highly recommend
Willie Mae's if you are ever interested in a clean, unpretentious, friendly, and
"simple" place for some of the best food you'll ever taste.  And for those whose
reviews complained about expensive....$11.00 for three big pieces of chicken and 
one large side in NOLA?.....get a grip!  Oh, and I should mention the "automatic"
20% discount for seniors was a pleasant surprise!  So all you seniors....don't wait
any longer for that great life experience and eat at Willie Mae's Grocery and Deli.
I speak about the uptown location on St. Charles.In short, not worth it. Go *anywhere* else. 
I'll admit, the fried chicken pretty good. However, the service was absolutely atrocious. We were warned to call ahead (which we did, just prior to leaving). When we arrived, we were still nervous that it would be closed, so we had our Lyft driver wait for us. We asked one of the employees if the restaurant was open, and he said it was, so we thanked our driver for waiting and she left. 
When we tried to sit down, we were told that the restaurant was closed by a different employee. When we explained that we had just spoken to a different employee, we were told "sorry, but we're still closed." It was until the original employee saw us walking out that he went and talked to the hostess, and she (very begrudgingly) sat us. 
After that, the service was average to good, but they were out of many menu items. The bottom line is that the entire experience was basically ruined by our service. I really would not recommend this establishment. 
The other strange thing about this experience was that after we were seated, at least 4-6 additional parties came in to eat, and only about half were turned away (none had reservations, it seemed to be at random). I should also note that the hours listed on the door indicated that they were open until 8pm (we got there around 6:45pm). We were also told that the credit card reader was "down" even though we watched at least a handful of customers pay with a card after we were informed. When we tried to pay with a card, we were again told it was "broken" and had to pay with cash. 
Honestly, I was just glad to leave at that point. Get your fried chicken elsewhere! It's NOLA, it's not like there is a shortage of very tasty places to get fried chicken (and the service can't be worse than here, I promise!!).My wife and I love love Willie Mae's Scotch House and drop by every time we're in the city.  The chicken is some of the best we've ever had and the red beans and rice are excellent.
We had mixed reactions when we heard about another location opening Uptown.  The original is an important part of the surrounding neighborhood and we like supporting those types of businesses.  On the other hand, we don't like waiting in line if we don't get there right when it opens.
Crowds aren't an issue at the new location.  In fact, if the number of customers dining at the time we did is any indication (there were one or two other tables), I question whether this location is going to make it.  I hope so, because it's a nice alternative to the original location.
The building, although larger, is actually quite similar to the original place.  It has some of the same charm (some might call it "dirt" or "filth," but it was fine to me) of the original with a similar paint/decorating scheme. 
They had issues with the carbonation in the Coke machine, so I had iced tea instead.  
Our server was decent.  Not as good as most of the servers we've had at the other location, but not bad.  
After much debate, we ultimately decided that we'd likely come back to this location next time we're in town.  The food is really close to the original place.  The slight difference is offset by the ease of getting here (we took the streetcar here, instead of taking a cab to the original place) and the lack of a wait for a table. 
If you're looking for some excellent fried chicken, this is definitely worth your time!My mom and I were vacationing in New Orleans last week and we were wanting to try some southern style fried chicken because we live on the west coast. The locals told us to stop here and we were so pleased. Will was our waiter and he was so sweet and made us laugh so much. The chicken was so amazing I wish I could have had time to go back again at least once. If I lived there I would eat there every week!The chicken is almost as good as the original location. And almost as good = very good fried chicken. And they are uptown and they are open for dinner. As lagniappe, live jazz, Troy sawyer's excellent jazz on Wednesday nights. All in all a good experience.This place is god awful...if I was in charge I would fire the entire kitchen staff...me and my son's waited hungry for 45 minutes for fried chicken...there was 13 ppl in the entire restaurant...the server told us that our food would be out soon and that cooked in batches...unacceptable!!! So when I was leaving they tried to stop me and the cook yelled at me that the food was coming!  I told them that I was a chef, which I am, and it doesn't take 45 minutes to fry chicken. There is 13 ppl in the entire restaurant here!   Last time I went the food was great but me and my 2 sons went hungry and the cook yelled at me so I will never ever go back...and I will tell everyone that I come across not to go there either I hope the place shuts down and that cook loses his job because I know I would fire him if I cared about my business.Don't waste your time. Take your hard earned money to Popeyes. But If your looking for an overpriced mediocre meal this is the place for you. I think the AC is broke its so hot in here. 11$ for 3 pieces of chicken. Plus if you want white meat it's a $3 extra charge. Oh and despite the ridiculous price you are paying you can't request certain pieces of chicken. I requested 2 breast and just 1 wing verses what they want to give you (1 breast and 2 wings). Even when I said I would pay even more money for the chicken I wanted I was told I couldn't have what I wanted. Apparently the customers are not Always right here. The woman who work here are not very nice. There is no service or anyone who waits on you. The whole place feels very dirty and sticky. They are out of half the drinks they are supposed to have. They have random duck tape all over the walls. Not sure why. The amount of time it took to get our food when we were 2 out of 10 people in the place was wayyy too long. Once we finally got our food it wasn't hot. It was bland and dry. Very disappointing. I got mashed potatoes as my side item. Born and raised in New Orleans never have I seen a gravy like the one they had it was just horrible. Seriously misrepresenting true New Orleans food. And they had green beans on my plate. I didn't order green beans nor was I aware these were coming with my food. The bathroom was like a sweat box. The door didn't close all the way so anyone could have walked in at anytime. And the restroom was very dirty just a mess everywhere and smelled like urine. As I said to start with don't waste your time.We were looking forward to eating here, read all the rave reviews about the chicken. The chicken was mediocre at best. Not much meat on the pieces and too greasy. The sides were good. What was most disappointing was the service. From the moment we walked in the server was rude. She rolled her eyes when we asked to be seated near a window- mind you there were a total of 5 people in the restaurant and plenty of open tables. She brought us our drinks and never filled them....she basically acted like we were a nuisance. We won't be coming back.Why doesn't Yelp have TEN STARS for occasions such as these?
This little slice of heaven is located within a 3 minute walk from my son's place in New Orleans. We've been a few times now and every time is just amazing. As in, I seriously get goosebumps, the food is so good.
America's Best Fried Chicken should really say the Galaxy's Best Fried Chicken because it is is really the best in the world and no close 2nd. It's literally like biting into tissue paper. So light, crispy, without being greasy. Always served hot and fresh and white meat is always so tender and juicy.
The peas that they serve as a side are unreal. My son always gets them and he doesn't even LIKE peas. 
Even better than the amazing food is the FANTASTIC SERVICE. Holy omg. These guys are the BEST. have you ever had someone shake your hand and thank you for coming to eat in their restaurant? I have, and it happened here. 
I've been to the original restaurant where the service was positively DREADFUL. Maybe some of the bad reviews on service had some of those employees on loan that day, who knows, because I cannot imagine that any of the people working on Friday Nov 11 when I went would ever provide bad service to anyone. I was totally blown away.
Soooooooo jealous the kid lives close to here and I don't!!!Not good experience, chicken was dry, like it had been refried at least once.
It did have a good flavor. Small servings. Music was very loud, almost uncomfortable.
Worse the place was dirty, floors, tables everything.
Will never go back!Sorry to say but this place was a total disappointment. I watched the kitchen staff put several items in the microwave to reheat. I don't even use a microwave at home. This is something I expect from a Dunkin' Donuts. If I'm paying more than dollar menu prices, I don't want fast food cooking methods. This is a sign that the food is not fresh. Yuck! 
I gave the extra star because the baked chicken I had was decent. However, anyone can throw a bunch of seasoning salt on piece of meat and have it taste OK.Came here for the first time today. They have a 20% student discount!  I ordered the fried chicken salad with honey mustard dressing, a side of mac and cheese, and the red velvet cheesecake. 
I was the most excited for the salad because I wanted to try their famous chicken. 
There was a good amount of chicken on the salad and the greens were fresh and crisp. The fried chicken was delicious.
The mac and cheese was also good. 
The red velvet cheesecake was more like red velvet cake with cream cheese/cheesecake frosting. The frosting was a little too sweet for me but the cake was moist and I ate the whole piece.America's Best Fried Chicken is a lofty claim, however this new outpost of the legendary Willie Mae's Scotch House delivers on that promise. This chicken is hands down the best you will ever eat... Wow!
However, while I know a new place always has growing pains, there is definitely a problem with the expediting here. Most orders were getting out in a timely manner, but as I was sitting solo at the counter, I had plenty of time to observe and frankly I'm wondering if something's going on with their fancy-schmancy new cash register system? A few orders were definitely getting lost.
I wasn't in a hurry, so I didn't mind waiting, especially because this place has a line out the door pretty much all the time now. However, when I noticed that folks behind me in line had not only received their food, but had eaten and left, I pointed out my chicken-less state to the manager, who came back with a couple excuses but no food. Eventually, he realized it wasn't just late, it was missing and found my order, 45 minutes later.
I feel bad knocking them, especially since they were clearly all working very hard and conscientiously, however the manager does need to learn the golden rule of customer service: the customer is always right. Don't make excuses, fix the problem! 
That being said, I'm thrilled I don't have to travel across town for this James Beard award-winning chicken. National treasure, indeed... 
Pro Tip: Call in your order to skip the line, but then be prepared to wait as they make your food to order...I've read about this fried chicken being the best in the country for over a decade.
It was much too SALTY, too dark (old grease) and my hand was covered in oil. As though I had dipped it into a bowl of oil. It is obviously fried ahead, then refried with NO draining.
Enough Said
The sides, and I tried five were from good, some bland, some better then good, the butter beans were great, the Mac n'Cheese overcooked mush and greasy bland aka horrible. Albeit, most arrived cold. 
The corn bread was also cold, bland, and they forgot the butter.
The service is abysmal. 
ABYSMAL. 
20 minutes for a soda in an empty restaurant, no silverware with food, no followup on requests, no glass with bottles of soda, no ice, no straw, no clue. 20 minutes to place an order.
If you can track down a server, they still won't bring what you request.The manager was surly, indifferent at best, and had no personal skills whatsoever....this was consistent over three visits. It has the taint of reverse racism... you know it when you experience it...
There is little to no waitstaff or front of the house training and they have no interest in their reputation amongst costumers. The customer at Mae's in never right and we are told we are expendable.
Skip It!Waited 1:30 in restaurant. We ordered and saw other customers served before us. We waved the waiters and they finally told us if we wanted to order something else. We had  an appointment in the afternoon and still no food. We left.There is an item on the menu called "america's best fried chicken." With a name like that I obviously had to order it. My son lives about a block from here and had already told me the chicken is really good. 
This is not just the best fried chicken in America. It's the best in the world. They are just being modest!
Fried so fresh I had to wait for it to cool so I dug in to the sides. Those are also delicious. The food came out very quickly though my son says he has had much slower service so it might not be a quick bite to eat. 
The portions are insane which is fine with me - late night snack of leftovers!
Son describes it as like biting into crispy feathery tissue paper and that pretty much nails it. So light, so crisp and just the right amount of greasy. I don't know how they pull it off and don't really care. I just know I'm super jealous of him living so close to it!
This is a must try.I don't know if it's the best chicken in America lol but it's pretty good.  One of our friends actually raved about the fish.  This location stays open later than the other one so it's a pretty good choice for tourists looking for relaxed dining options.My first visit here was prettt mixed. The fact that my husband and I had no where in particular to be was what saved this from being a disaster of a day- because this was the longest wait for a meal I can remember having in a long time. When we came in, there was no one there to greet us or tell us it would be a few moments or anything. So we just sat and waited. Finally my husband just went and followed around a waitress until she acknowledged him and asked if we could sit at the bar. This turned out to be lucky, as it was much easier to flag people down when we needed things (as anyone rarely checked on us). We overheard conversations between waiters that they were short handed. What would have been ideal was if each table would have been notified of this upon arrival and given a of staying or not. Also, as people were waiting very long periods of time for their food, the waiters should have gone to each table to check in and apologize, and maybe provide free bread. Instead everyone was just sitting there totally ignored, and they had to go and seek out a wait staff for answers. It was very poorly run. 
The food itself was delicious, which is what I think people keep going for, despite the horrible service reviews. The chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy inside. The beans were delicious. The macaroni was just okay. And the bread was yummy. If they could just make their customers a priority, this would be an all around hit.I was really excited that I might finally be able to avoid the tourist trap that the original location has become but then I was quickly disappointed they didn't have the veal like they do at the original location.  I wasn't in a fried chicken mood and when they didn't have the veal I decided to try something different and got the shrimp plate and it just wasn't very good fried shrimp.  The butter beans are great just like the original joint but the ambiance is very lacking in here.  They really need to add a TV behind the bar so folks can watch football etc. to take their minds off the generic environment.  The service was pretty mediocre and there were not even many people in the restaurant.  They also really need to get longer straws as the ones they use are swallowed up by the glasses they use.  I would suggest just sticking to the chicken in this location or better yet just go to the original location.  I don't think I will bother with this location again unless they do some serious catching up to what you get at the original in terms of ambiance, selection, service and overall experience.Juicy chicken that is perfectly cooked all the way throughout! The coating was so light and crispy, still trying to figure out how they make it that way! I'm guessing pressure cooker. All the sides were fresh, well seasoned, and prepared with love.The good: the chicken. Not the best I've ever had but still really darn good. However, that's where the good ends. The bad: everything else. The service was slow and not friendly (and they weren't busy at all). The sides were all very meh. And the bathroom was worst than most of the bar bathrooms in the French Quarter. I could see ordering takeout chicken from there but that's about the extent of what I'd do again.Food was excellent. .  Good old soul food. . But,  they had personnel problems causing slow service and some drama.  I'd go back for the food and hope for better service. . Get the sweet tea for sure. .Wait staff slow and not organized. Food is average, side items tasted canned, akin to cafeteria fare.DELICIOUS fried chicken, crisp and juicy, light and tasty. However, both visits left me with a slight headache as it was a bit salty. Their butter beans are amazingly tasteful and delight the pallet. The medley of corn bread, chicken, rice and beans may have you coming back for more! 
I suggest dining in. We called to place a    to-go order, for the plane ride back home, and we're placed on hold for over 40 minutes. Needless to say, the line wasn't "cleared" and we had to wait for our food, instead of paying and heading back to the hotel, as planned . Yes, something more than "I'm sorry," would have been appreciated. A complimentary piece of corn bread or side. That's okay, now you'll know not to call and place an order.3.5 stars. I have to be honest here and say that this place didn't live up to its reputation. Maybe Popeyes has spoiled me but I was expecting something better than fast food fried chicken and sadly Willie Mae's fell short of that goal. Don't get me wrong, the chicken is good, but the batter was entirely too thick and fell off the skin in one big clump. Some thicker parts of the batter weren't cooked all the way through, which indicates that they are adding too much to begin with. The crunch was nice and the temperature was just right, but it wasn't the life changing "best fried chicken in Nola" taste I was hoping for. That said, the macaroni was AWESOME and my girlfriend's catfish was very good. The peas are also well done. The wait staff were friendly.Really not good except for service. Chop was hardly meat. Cornbread dry. Mac and cheese disappointing. Great location for uptown. Someone needs to bring this back to the historical standard.I walked in this place after it just opened to order some food to go. I was literally the only customer. Several waitresses(?) were standing around talking to one another, and the girl behind the cash register began to count her drawer after she saw me standing there, without any sort of acknowledgement from anyone that I was waiting. After a few minutes of this she finally took my order. I haven't seen anyone else comment on the check out process, I think it is really really really tacky that the suggested tips are there and the way in which they are displayed before you can move on with your order is just...awkward. I am a good tipper, I don't need to be pushed.
After waiting pretty darn long for being the only person in the establishment I got the food and left. When I got home I realized I was given two wrong sides. Ok....how do you mess up the ONLY ORDER? The red beans j didn't order but received were ok. My kids thought the chicken was wayyyyyyy to spicy. This place is so close to my house that I might go again but I would never ever stand in line and wait for it....too many other choices out there in the area for better food and serviceFirst impressions of this place: colorful interior with some paintings that (I don't understand why) cost $800, $1200, etc. the place seems pretty old and a little dirty (floors, walls, etc.). For a place famous for fried chicken, I don't understand why they don't refill the soap in the bathroom. 
Service is terrible. It was slow despite the lack of customers and they were forgetful. Honestly they were pretty sassy... Prbly because we came in close to closing time but come on, money is money. The waitresses were just sitting on the countertops chatting. Never checked up on us once only to bring drinks and food. 
We got the fried chicken and fried pork chop with rice and beans, mashed potatoes, and potato salad. Just kidding, they forgot the rice and beans... And then they made a big deal about having to redo the order when we paid. The fried chicken was really good, slightly over cooked. Super crispy and fresh, and I literally made a mess from all the breading flaking everywhere. The fried pork chop was ridiculously TINY and slightly over cooked as well, not worth it. We don't eat like that in the South so I'm surprised. Mashed potatoes were great, potato salad was okay.
Probably would not come back but nice to know I tried Louisiana fried chicken other than Popeyes.I stopped here later at night when a friend and I forgot to eat dinner. The waitstaff/cashier who dealt with us was really great, and our food came out surprisingly fast. On top of that it seemed like they made the food to order for us and it wasn't sitting there all day. For fried chicken it's pricey, but Willie Mae's has a name people know and is considered some of the best fried chicken in the U.S. (??? surprising). 
The fried chicken is definitely the deepest fried I have ever had, but that's definitely a good thing. We went with the dark meat option and completely destroyed our chicken basket, it was super tasty. We also got a side of red beans and rice (my favorite) that was perfectly peppery, and mac and cheese which tasted home cooked and old school. 
Overall, I would come back here in an instant.Call first. says it's open till eight we got there at seven It locked up tight.  post opening hours and stay open till opening hours. Unimpressed.I really wanted to like this place, but overall I am left wanting more. I haven't been to the actual Willie Mae's so I'm not sure what to compare this too as a Deli inspired by the original restaurant. The service staff was friendly and helpful.But the prices are a bit steep for what you get. And the dining room makes you wonder if something went wrong with the design plan. 
I ordered the Catfish was good and well prepped. But my sides were underwhelming and made me wish I could just get the catfish by itself. Anyway, I'm willing to give this another chance but this is the first place I've tried in awhile that left me feeling disappointed and like I wish I could have my money back  everybody has an off day though so I'm not willing to write it off completely just yet.It looks a little run down, but the fried chicken platter was soooo good!  I ordered it with the mashed potatoes and pea's!  I totally recommend it to anyone looking for a good quick bite to eat!  It's nestled on St. Charles in between all of the big houses!Pro-tip: CALL BEFORE YOU GO!! THEY CLOSE WHENEVER THEY FEEL LIKE IT! DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME.
It really pains me to write this review because I ate here a few times last year and everything was wonderful. The owner was always there and treated us very well. Now, things have definitely taken a turn for the worse and I'm afraid this location isn't going to last much longer at the rate they're going.
I have seriously attempted to eat here about five times in the past month, and it has never worked out. Several times we've tried to go during their normal, posted business hours, and they were closed for no known reason. On one of these lovely occasions, while we were all hangry I might add, we pulled up at 8:20 (it's open until 9 on Friday and Saturdays) and were told by one of the employees outside that the place was still open. As we start to go to the front door, someone rushes over and puts the "closed" sign up. IN FRONT OF MY HUSBAND'S FACE. What kind of service is that!?!? 
We decide to try ONE MORE TIME,  and we sat down and waited for our server for about 20 minutes.  I did feel bad for him because he was the only server there and seemed to be pulled in a million different directions. They definitely need more help if they're going to stay afloat. There was a girl there, a counter person I guess, that could have at least brought us a menu and waters but completely ignored us. She didn't seem to be doing much as anything, besides dancing to the music that was playing very loudly, while the guy did all the work. She looked right at us several times and flat-out ignored us.
Oh, and when a group walked in the OPEN restaurant at about 8:30, they were turned away and told the place was "closed" again. They asked to just place a to-go order and were told "no."
Seriously, what is going on with this place now?!?! It really just seems like none of the staff even want to be there and it's going to start turning customers away, if it hasn't already. I'm not sure if I'll try to go back again, I'm just so fed up with this place. Maybe they need to just go back to counter service because something isn't working now!Good food but the service was really slow, asked several times for Coke refills but never got them!  They did make the check right though but giving us a discount.Stay away from this location.  Poorly managed chicken overpriced and dry as sand. Do yourself a favor get popeyes for half price and better quality.  The original location is a different story that is very good.I don't know how they got on the best fried chicken  list, but I gave them another shot because they  are still on the list. I had gone to the other location years ago and did not  like it...my opinion is still the same. I will not  be back. The chicken  is evidently  double fried, because there is no way 6 pieces  of chicken  cooked in 5 minutes....this proved true because  the chicken  was GREASY. My wife said the mac and cheese was good, and my fried okra was good and hot (this is what the 5 minutes  was for ). The chicken however was cold inside. The service and staff were all very nice though. There are much better places to go for fried chicken than here....Lil Dizzy's, Neyow's, McHardy's...all much better choices and you get freshly fried chicken.I have wanted to try this place for a while and finally got around to it. I personally prefer chicken tenders over chicken on the bone and I looked at the menu before going and saw they did have tenders. 
I ordered some fried tenders and sweet potato fries. The fries were pretty good, just the right texture. The chicken was not as good as I had hoped it would be. When it was brought to the table the it had steam coming off of it which seemed like a good sign that it was fresh and would be great. However the tenders were soggy and I found that very disappointing since chicken is suppose to be their speciality here. 
Maybe my expectations were too high because so many people say this place is to die for but it is what it is. I probably would go back again and give them another try though, just in case my chicken was an isolated occurrence. They have to be doing something right to have such a massive following.So I tried waiting in line at the Treme location but after waiting 45 minutes I gave up. It was my first time here and I do t know when I'll be back so I really wanted to try the food but I had an afternoon flight to catch and couldn't wait any longer seeing as they make you wait in line to order to go as well. The waitress lets me know that their St Charles Ave location is open and has the same exact menu. Great! I Spend 20 min and $16 to Uber over there and grab some food to go. Get there only for it to be closed. Even though the website and the sign in the window says it's supposed to be open. Extremely disappointing.I've seen other reviewers comment that it's not as good as the original on St Ann. While it's lacking the charm and ambiance as the original, the food was spot on. I had the 3 piece chicken with mashed potatoes and it was just as good as at the other location. The shining star of this meal was the red velvet cake. Disclaimer: I am not a huge fan of red velvet cake. I don't hate it but I can eat once a year and be totally content. It was the best red velvet cake. It was so moist and had such a great flavor. The icing was a cross between traditional cream cheese frosting and a buttercream.... I will definitely get that red velvet cake again.This was our first time eating at Willie Mae's. We assumed that the service would be good since the original restaurant has been successful for so long. I get it, new place, expect a wait, but this was more than that. We arrived early to avoid the crowd. Walked right up to the counter to place our order. There was only one table occupied at that point. We sat at a table and within 10 minutes the place was slammed. Twenty minutes later and a completely full house and no one had food. Finally an order came out and went to a table that had ordered well after we did. When my husband questioned the wait staff the response was less than polite. The tables on either side of us were getting testy and very "hangry". We finally received our food which to me, a non chicken eater, was very average. My husband did enjoy the chicken, but the sides were nothing to write home about. Avoid the side salad, it was slimy! We may go back, we live in the neighborhood, but overall the whole experience was disappointing. BTW, the floor is like an oil slick! Saw a woman almost slip walking to the bathroom.Best fried chicken in the South.  Service is quick and food is hot. A must when visiting New Orleans or if you don't want to fry your own chicken. Menu has expanded to seafood and pork-chops.I had the 3 piece white w white beans, potato salad, mac & cheese as sides. it was enough for 2 to split. Everything was very tasty and seasoned well.I think the poor misguided folks who wrote bad reviews for Willie Mae's had a different expectation than I did. Y'all, I am a fried chicken connoisseur. This chicken here is the same recipe as the original location and with no hour-long line in the scorching sun. It's fantastic. Not only that but, 
*The staff was friendly. 
*The Mac and cheese was excellent. 
*I loved the red and white beans as well, but I'm typically partial to white with a shake of crystal hot sauce - which they have on all the tables! WooHoo! 
*The sauce on the bread pudding is made with condensed milk so if you're old-school NOLA and want a taste of home, try it! 
Caveat: There was a long wait for the chicken. It's made to order. It takes time. Come with that in mind and a smile on your face and you'll enjoy it as much as I did! Can't wait to go back!Fried chicken, Mac and cheese, cornbread. Service was fast and friendly. Totally worth your time!The food was great! We ordered the fried chicken along with fries and fried okra.  I haven't had much fried chicken so it's hard to say it's the best, but is very good. Was made fresh and very hot!  Food took about 30 minutes to get to the table.
The service was terrible. It seemed like the wait staff might have been understaffed, but the gal that waited on us made our experience far less than great. Asked for drink refills two times and we still never got them. And there were two mistakes with our order. 
All in all, great food, poor service. Overall ok.I have to say first and foremost that this was the best customer service we experienced in all of New Orleans. Donald and Ashley were awesome! It was Donald's first day but his level of excellence was apparant! Ashley went above and beyond to make sure we were very happy!  It was s beautiful scenic drive from our hotel and a cute and quaint establishment. The food was a little spicy for me but my boyfriend loved the level of spice. It has won best fried chicken in the US for good reasons! It is moist and tender and perfectly crunchy but not in a harsh way!  Portions were great and this was a great value! Try it, you WILL like it!!!I don't eat a lot of fried chicken, but this was so moist and the skin was amazing!Best Catfish I have ever had. My wife had the chick and was also equally impressed. What is more amazing is how great the service was. Whenever we are back in N.O. we will definitely be back to visit Willie Mae's!!!One hour wait for fried chicken and fried chicken tenders in a restaurant that wasn't quite full. That's basically all that needs to be said. 
I can understand growing/expansion pains, but Willie Mae's is an institution. Countless write ups. A place considered the world's best fried chicken, so the wait is inexcusable. Shocking even. 
The sides were pedestrian at best. Uninspired. Soggy. Mess. Green beans tasted canned. Peas we didn't order might as well have been tossed in a go box by an infant with a green giant can. Mac and cheese shells would have been fine if my mom made them when I was 8. 
But the fried chicken is MAGIC. Pure and simple. Delicious. I loved every bite. 
I guess the question you have to ask yourself is if it's worth the wait.I was excited to eat at willie maes. I ordered the white chicken platter with Mac n cheese and another side. When I got the food, I had received 1 hot chicken breast accompanied with 2 cold chicken breast. I was disappointed to find out they gave me 1 fresh chicken breast with the rest being cold. Disappointed.Does not honor coupons in New Orleans real estate magazines.  Coupon did not have which days in week it was valid but waitress stated that it is only valid M-fri then Mon-Thursday.  Bait and switch racket.Food was great, but the service did not live up to the reputation. It took 15 minutes to get drinks to the table, no refills were offered, and after 40 minutes of waiting on the food we never got the condiments we asked for. The food really is good, but the wait is ridiculous when it's not even that crowded.This is the new Uptown sister location of the more famous Willie Mae's Scotch House in the 5th Ward. 
Takeout service was a bit slow, and they could offer more sides included with a meal, but even their kids' portions were huge! Looking forward to trying the butter beans next time, as well as the seafood (when they're not all out of it).
The 'Grocery' section is a few sad looking shelves in the back. Unless you're looking for some last minute San Pellegrino for your house party, stick to the fried chicken here.It was a bummer that they ran out of a lot of the sides, so we didn't get to try a couple that we really wanted to. The ones we did try were fantastic - fried okra, red beans and rice, mac and cheese. The chicken had a surprising kick to it, not too spicy at all, very refreshing. Open later than the one across town which was a huge plus.At the St Charles location. Just had their fried chicken tenders with a side of potato salad.  Both we're kick-ass!  The chicken was sooo tender on the inside with a nice crisp cracklin' crunch exterior. Three huge breast pieces! (Next time I'll just ask for two pieces!) Potato salad had the light bite of vinegar, crunchy celery and onions within a creamy dressing. Although tempted (chocolate mousse cake anyone?) had no room or dessert. Wonderful, friendly service!  Ashley (?) was the best!Love, love, love this place.  We were visiting from Mass, the land of "You can't find decent fried chicken" and we were blown away by this place.  Unique coating to most fried chicken we've tried, this and the sides were out of this world.  We ate at delmonicos last night and I can honestly say I would come back here instead if given the choice.  Everyone on the staff was very nice as well.Best fried chicken ever!!! Red beans off the charts good too! Wonderful table service.
Fried catfish melt in your mouth, with its cornmeal batter! 
A must go to!If you're coming here for anything other than the chicken - you're making a huge mistake. That's not to say their sides are bad. To the contrary, most of them are delicious (red beans, corn muffins, okra). However, the chicken is the star. It's a wet batter so if you don't like that premise, then you won't be able to appreciate the end result. Prices are steep for what you get (definitely never going to be as a good a "value" as popeyes) and the wait times have been longer than expected. I chalk both up to the popularity of the space and the inexperienced crew. Either way , you need to come visit and see for yourself!Delicious fried chicken! Dark, crispy coating juicy, such chicken.  It's excellent.  Very casual but they could do with more service staff and a little more training. The food is well with it.We came in for lunch.. Took our drink order but never brought it.. Came back with dirty dishes in hand and took our order.. We both ordered chicken.. It came out 5 minutes later with the drinks right before that.. No utensils had to wait another 5 minutes for that.. Our food was cold .. If it took 5 minutes to make.. Yeah it's cold.. Didn't ask us if anything was wrong.. Place wasn't even busy.. Brought our bill and we were charged cornbread that we never got.. She was the worst server that we've every got.. And we had some bad ones.. She just got to head of line.. If this is how you run This Business.. No wonder you were not Busy for LunchA total disappointment.  Ordered the three piece meal which had two wings and a breast.  The batter was a bit greasy and a little over cooked.  There was an off flavor in the batter, maybe it's from old oil?  The breast was well seasoned, unlike the wings.  I cant believe I flew in from MD to try this place, I should have gone to Popeye's.Butter beans are creamy, flavorful, spoonfuls of heaven! The chicken coating is not as thick here as it is at the other location so I doubt we'll come here again, but those butter beans and sweet are righteous!