Love my Wingstops. BUT out of the dozen locations I've been to, this is the first location that try to charge me extra for all flats. This makes me not ever want to return to this location.  And another question, so they really don't use gloves touching all those raw chicken? And to only use hand sanitizer or just quick rinse after touching them? Bc I seen the lady literally went in the corner for 5-10 seconds and back out w a napkin wiping her hands? Makes me wonder..... now she's touching everything else that's being served w those hands? Seeing things like this and the uncertainties is mind blowing.Slow, dirty, and employees look like they're about to walk out of there any minute. All of the other negative reviews are indeed true.I have visited many Wing Stops and enjoy their food.  This one though is nasty.  The tables were dirty - it was not clear when, if ever, they had a thorough scrub down and the floor was nasty too.  You guys give the franchise a really bad name.The first time I tried this place out, I ordered the boneless wings and that was a big mistake. They were over cooked and had more batter than meat and I'm also not a big fan of the fries. However, I decided to give them a second chance by ordering traditional wings instead and they were very flavorful and tender.I like WS but this location is terrible and poorly managed. Rude, slow employees greet you. Everything in the place is covered in grease. Majority of tables are dirty and haven't seen a rag all day. Only have been here out of convenience. Better options available.So the service is hit and miss. Staff def isn't the most friendly but the wings are usually good and they have never messed up my order. I love their lemon pepper wings- flats only- with their ranch dressing. It's the perfect game food. I usually order online and pick it up but last night I ate there with my BF while we watched the football game. We actually had a great time and all of our food was good. Try the rolls. They are bomb when fresh out of the oven.Terrible service. I was the only one in line at the counter and it took the three employees nearly five minutes to stop jawing and take my order. Then it took 21 minutes to get my food. I had the chicken strip combo. The best part of the meal was the iced tea (from concentrate). The portion size is good for the money though and that the only reason they get 2 stars instead of one.This Wing stop actually just opened and I already will not be returning for seconds. While waiting in line forever I see a man hosing and mopping the kitchen floor while food was cooking and I also witnesses twice not one  employee drop a bowl on the floor and proceed to use it. Hopefully they can get their act right soon.60 cent Tuesdays yeah man. Keep it up, we love discounts eh? The cashiers are friendly especially after you leave tipsthe freaking worst place to get wings.... first of all the wings are greasy...the old...i purchased the big bundle 2 orders of fries. 4 extra sauces.. send my dude to p/u the food get...they didn't put nit 1 fuckin sauce in the bag... called the store ask to speak to the manger....sis would not give me her name... told come bk and get them...they bad.... called corp dude sound like he just finished hitting a blunt at this point stick a fuckin folk in me im done  never again... poor customer service...I do not want to speak on the wings because they are average. What I can comment on it the customer service. They are terribly slow and inefficient. Each time I have been here it's taken over 25 mins for an order six wings. Processes, systems, and controls equal efficiency and this location does not have it. Not going back.I was reluctant to try Wingstop because of the other reviews, but we had a great experience. The 2 staff members, especially the gentleman, were working very hard to get out food out correctly and quickly. He was communicative and helpful! The original hot sauce is delish, the seasoned fries were too, and I appreciated the healthy portion of celery. I love that you can order all flats! We will be returning.Came here just to get a gift card and the cashier was on the phone getting an order. She didn't acknowledge me until other customers started to form a line behind me. I waited and waited while she kept trying to get card info on the phone from a customer and it kept declining. Other workers in the back just stood there and no one attempted to get the register. Waited for over 10 minutes after the card declined 3 times before she got off of the phone. This review doesn't reflect on the food because i didn't order anything off of the menu. Just an irritating experience howeverBest wing spot in NOLA; East and West Bank!!  The Lemon Pepper has just the right amount of sour and tang!!!!  I have yet to visit a wing spot where I need not to ask for my chicken to be extra crispy b/c it seems to me that most spots serve them undercooked.  Wingstop though....NVR had I complained about any of their wings.
#AMustHaveStaple #Wingstop #BestInNOLAI dont even know where to start.
We walked in and were greeted and order went nicely.
The food was eh. Got boneless with hot, Korean, lemon pepper, louisiana rub. Everything was extremely salty. It was hard to eat and ended up taking it home and giving to someone. The fries were good. A little soggy but nice and hot.
My issue is the staff. They were extremely loud and one guy even very loudly asked one of the girls if they were "on the rag". Extemely inappropriate and so loud.I had ordered 50 wings 4 boneless and 1 bone in and had only received 18 and was charged the full 50 dollars I am completely outraged because this hasn't happened once but twice and I will be getting my refund when the store opensWorse Wingstop I've ever been too.. looks like they high on drugs... laughing at waiting costumers and my God rude rude RUDE!!! Will never go back!!The food quality is ok, but the employees and service are terrible. 
I made an online order for 10 boneless wings. I was alerted it would be done in 15 or so minutes. I showed up 20 minutes later and they still weren't done. They hadn't even started cooking them. I paid for my food and proceeded to wait another 20 minutes, all while people who ordered at the counter well after I ordered were served. I only would consider this place during their boneless specials, but the little bit of money saved doesn't make up for the horrible way this place is ran. 
I doubt I will be going back anytime soon. I also see this exact issue is a theme with other reviews for this place. It's a shame, because wing stops food is considerably better than that of Buffalo Wild Wings.The employees were rude. The food was greasy and low quality. This was my first time going. My coworkers warned me not to go but I wanted to try it. The employee reluctantly took my order and loudly continued their vulgar conversation over my shoulder. I waited about 20mins for a 6 piece and fries. I was only one in there at 12pm so I guess they felt comfortable being loud and very inappropriate. I received my soggy fries and a pool of grease and tasteless chicken. That was the last time I'm going there for lunch.So trying Wingstop.  These are the absolute WORST wings I've ever had.  The fry's are limp, greasy, and chewy.  The wings are so dry they could pass for jerky instead of a fresh cooked wing.  Won't make this mistake twice.The customer service was really awesome. I was unsure on what I wanted and the young lady at the register was really patient. I ordered the 10 piece boneless wings hot and lemon pepper. I loved the hot flavored wings but not so much the lemon pepper. They were salty and greesy. Again, the service gets an "A+" but the food a "C".Worst experience I have ever had at a Wingstop. We ordered the 30 pack family meal with four different flavors. Confirmation said order should be ready in 16-21 minutes (6:25 PM). We get there and they can't find our order. They said give them 15 mins for the order to be ready. 20 mins later, they completely forgot about the order. They make the order but made it wrong! I mean seriously! How are they still in business? I will not be back to this location!The wings are very good if you get them well done but all the sides are really subpar... Don't expect the timeliest service or the nicest dining experience overall but if your hungry and want to grab some good wings go in, order and wait for a while, it'll be worth it  and the blue cheese dressing is great!
-Updating this review because they recently added spicy corn as a side item which really makes a big difference and I've noticed that the staff is more friendly and overall it's a notch up, so I moved it up to three stars, thank you.This place is HORRIBLE. However I love wingstop but this location is pathetic. First off the food is cooked ahead of time and just sits in fry baskets. Food don't sit under or in any heat source to keep warm and safe. When asked for fresh wings they look at you stupid and disregard your request. I will be contacting corporate office about this location. I eat at different wingstops all over the US as I love the brand. But never step foot in this location. Hope somebody sees this and takes warning to it.This is the worst run establishment I have ever entered. It took over 45 minuets to make 20 wings along with the ketchup and other condiments out. The floor and tables were disgusting. The owner may want to actually try and make the business function.  This has been open maybe a month or two and it looks like its in year 50 from a cleaning stand point. In short it sucksHeads up: I tried calling the location to allow them to rectify the issue. All I got was an attitude and a side of unprofessionalism. 
Listen, for starters these wings are OLD! I mean so old that they're "tough"... like hard. 
So I ordered a 10 pc (all flats) half lemon pepper and half original hot with bleu cheese. Lol, I received 4 drums and in regards to the dip, I received ranch. 
When I called to let them know of the situation a young lady answered the phone and said "maybe" DoorDash delivered the wrong order. I told her that was "unlikely" because the drink, flavors and the two tenders that I ordered were all in the bag. She then started taking an order and put the phone down while I was in mid sentence. After she finished taking the order she hung up the phone. I tried to call back and no one answered. 
If I didn't want to wait for a new debit card I would've disputed the charge with my bank. $30 for yesterday's wings and an inaccurate order. Oh and don't forget the side of "attitude". LolWorst fucking Wingstop I ever been to. Rude ass little children working or just collecting a check cuz they ain't doing no work. Shit always be wrong, always missing the ranch and THEY NEVER PICK UP THE PHONE. It's so sad because I live so close and love Wingstop but this location is terrible. it's a bad experience every time I go no matter the hour. Veterans is betterThis is the worst wingstop location I have ever eaten at! This customer service is always awful but that isn't even my issue with this location. My order is always wrong 70% of the time I order here. This last time I decided to call and complain. To make a long and annoying story short I went to pick up the replacement meal and that was wrong too! The chicken and fries were also fried really hard. I will not be ordering from this location again.Literally just wanted some food and had one of my friends drive to pick it up while I called in and ordered, I called 2 times, no response, the third time someone picked up then hung up, on purpose. By the fourth time i just called my friend and told them nvm. The one on veterans is better anywaysI stopped here for lunch for the $0.60 boneless wing special on Mondays and Tuesdays. The food was ok but I don't think I will be back at this location ever again. The location was dirty. The floors were extremely sticky and the door was nasty.  Customer service was not good at all. It was just a completely bad experience. The only good thing was getting my food and leaving.How do i give 0 star? Every time i have come here it has been a terrible experience and it seems to just get worse every time !0 if I could 
Couldn't order my meal before arriving cause they wouldn't answer. Came to store to order & wouldn't open I guess cause of COVID anyways I waited see if they answer. 
Never did , they were to busy smoking inside there car 
Stay awayI will never return. We are the only two customers currently sitting waiting for our food. Every employee in the building is talking to each other, have yet to start my food after sitting for 10 minutes it got dropped and now  for 30 minutes past and still No food. They are standing in the dining room fussing with each other about the horrible management and steeling money. This is very unacceptable. There is a sign stating to leave your mess behind and they have the clean up. Every table is dirty, wet, sticky, and saucy. Finally my food comes and we get only half the order.I would like to start with how bad the service was. The employees were extremely rude and were not doing a good job or providing good service at all. They ignored me the first time I tried to order and started laughing and mocking me and my friends when they went in the back to make my food. My friend asked for an empty cup for soft drinks so that he could see what drinks they had in the back and they counterintuitively gave him the cup but they said the back was off limits so he couldn't even get his drink himself. Very annoying experience. They also didn't provide napkins even though we're eating hot wings that should be covered with sauce. I also asked for blue cheese as my dipping sauce and they gave me a ranch instead...(still can't believe how bad the service was, as I work in the service industry as well.)
Now onto the food,
For a place called Wingstop, you'd expect their wings to be above average. They simply did not live up to their name. I ordered a medium wing combo. I got 4 pieces of the Louisiana rub and 4 pieces of the cajun wings and an order of seasoned fries. My friend ordered the same thing just with Korean BBQ instead of the Louisiana rub. Honestly these have to be the worst wings I've ever had. There was barely any sauce, and the sauce barely had any flavor. The cajun was the best out of all of them but it is very hard to mess up hot wings, the Louisiana rub was just standard fried chicken but it wasn't even seasoned well at all(VERY bland) ,and the Korean BBQ on the other hand... I've had better wings at Winn-Dixie.  The fries were extremely soggy and I even think they season them with sugar. This food did NOT sit well with my stomach and made me feel sick. Repulsive
If you are looking for good wings this is just not it... save your money.To say this place is fairly new it's time for new management!!!! The cashier was very unprofessional by taking a phone call on her cell while ringing up my purchase, they were out of Coca Cola,the floor by the drink station was so sticky & nasty that my shoes were sticking to the floor.Also there I ordered my food to go and there were no lnapkins or ketchup pack available.My french fries were obviously mixed with whatever the sweet potato fries are mixed with because my fries had a hint of of sugar on them and my wing seem to have been overcooked,dry,& hard.1 star because I have to leave one.I WILL NEVER GO TO THIS WINGSTOP AGAIN! My son ordered dinner through DoorDash and he was missing his meal. We got 3 orders of fried 2 orders of chicken wing however we didn't get any boneless chicken. I called before going back there, talked to the manager explained what had happened and how I was missing a order. When I arrived at the location, I was met with the manager(didn't want to give her name)and a girl name Ciara. Ciara told me that my order was correct because she packed it. I told her it was not. I went to get my phone out the car to show her his order. Manager then tell me that they don't even make what I ordered. The young man who was frying the food said what is it she have? Yes we have that and made my order. I asked for the GM person's name Ciara whispered in the managers ear and said for her not to give me that information. I went to get a pen so that I can righy the information down. Ciara grabbed the pen cup out  cusses me out and my hand and scratched me with her long nails. I have never experience this behave before. This was children.Seriously don't waste your time or money. We were the only people dining in and it took 30 mins for two six pieces. Our chicken was nearly raw and fries were uncooked. Just bad all around. Six people on staff and the whole process was just inefficient.Decided to get some wings for pick up for the Saints game.   We ordered 30 wings, three different flavors: Hawaiian, Original Hot, and Spicy Korean Q.  A few things:  Service was awesome.  Ordered for pick up and they were hot when we ran in.  Everyone was polite and were wearing masks.  The place seemed pretty clean, but we weren't in there for long. The wings were really meaty and heavily sauced.
Not as great: two of the flavors (Hawaiian and Spicy Korean) were indistinguishable.  If there was supposed to be spice on one, we couldn't tell.  The veggies (carrots and celery) were rubbery and watery.  I could literally bend them in half without them breaking. And, the prices seem a bit high for wings?  I will give them another shot on a discount wing day and the location/convenience is nice.This is so nasty....  I wouldn't give this to anyone ... these people here are so freaking rude. I complained about this store before and it's still the same way. This rude girl was peeping from the kitchen, so I said I'm here to pickup an online order. She rolled her eyes and walked awayOverall EXTREMELY Poor service. I ordered online and went in to pick up 20 minutes later, they did not have my order ready. I ended up waiting an additional 30 minutes to get my food. Employees are in the back and FRONT of house on their phones, chatting and goofing around. I was never greeted upon entering the establishment. They also thought it was funny to mispronounce the three customers names that had ordered before me. I will not be returning. It is obvious the management and staff need a complete makeover.Absolutely horrible!!!! Visited Wingstop on N Carrollton Ave on 07/25/2021!!! The worst of the worst! The (3) employees working in the restaurant were totally unprofessional, disrespectful, lacked customer service skills, rude, distasteful & ignorant!!!
I am 60 years old and have NEVER experienced such lack of regard for customers in a place of business as they waited over an hour to pickup their orders!!! 
One of the male cooks was replying to a disgruntled customer and kept referencing the word "p- - - - (women's body part)!!! Then one of the other female employees telephoned a manager (maybe) and proceeded to tell that person what was going on in the store as it was happening and using very disparaging words & terms to describe the customer etc. while the customer and other customers were in the store!!!!
Talk about a fiasco! Did I mention that my online order said pickup for 7:19. I walked out the store at 7:44 without any wings but a very nasty taste in my mouth!!! 
Needless to say, this extremely disgusting experience will be escalated, reported, retold, discussed to the highest level of chicken wing institutions that I can find!!!!The wings were bomb! I was skeptical about the cleanliness of the place;sticky floors, no trash can, and the table felt kinda sticky. I would totally recommend!The wings are very good if you get them well done but all the sides are really subpar... Don't expect the timeliest service or the nicest dining experience overall but if your hungry and want to grab some good wings go in, order and wait for a while, it'll be worth it  and the blue cheese dressing is great! Unfortunately, inconsistent quality, so you never know what you're going to get.The food was okay, but nothing to write home about.
We specifically called BEFORE ordering to ask if the wings were breaded or unbreaded, and we were told that NONE of the wings had breading. We were so pleased, we ordered 15 garlic parmesan wings.
They were, in fact, breaded quite heavily.
The staff was friendly, so that's a plus. All told, I probably won't be ordering again.Worst experience from any place I've ordered from. Placed an order inside and they were purposely very slow. 3 people working the kitchen and no one at the register. Ignoring the phone and ignoring everyone in line at the register. Very ignorant in kinder words...Always so good. I love chicken wings!!! Lemon pepper and the seasoned fries always satisfy the cravings.got my food and was deeply disappointed, i paid $28 for thick fries that look and taste nothing like wingstop and the drink made me want to throw up, it tasted like cleaning water with bleach and some coke syrup. it's like as those these people hate their job !This place is TRASH... Food is never ready on time and they seem to have the rudest people working the front counter (come in and they ignore you). I doubt I'm ever coming back as this is an ongoing problem when I come here.So I live a block away from this location. I've only lived here a few months.  
First visit (pre quarantine) I walked over, placed an order.  Waited over thirty minutes for it. Walked home only to find the fries were cold and there was no ranch.
This time I ordered online.  Walked over to find a hand written sign in the window reminding us to put on our mask before we come in. Walk back home real quick to grab my mask, return to the restaurant to find that not ONE of the employees were wearing a mask or gloves or hairnets? 
On a positive note, they got the order right this time.I placed an order on 7/1/21 at 5:30pm to be picked up at 9:00pm for a party I was having. I arrived a tad early because I wanted to add to my order to which I was told, I would have to go online since they don't do anything in store. I told them my name for the order and a staff member told me that it had been ready for HOURS. So I said if that was the case, I want you guys to remake them since I had my reciept which stated not to be ready until 9pm. One of the kitchen members then began to yell at me that it had only been ready for 20 minutes. He was screaming and yelling and just being super unprofessional so I just took the food and left because I realized that they weren't going to fix their mistake regardless. So I went home and had to apologize. We opened the bags and everything was FREEZING. So now I had to waste more time heating the over and recooking them. The four orders of fries I ordered were soggy, cold, and just inedible. I counted the wings and only 75 out of the 100 I ordered. This is just ridiculous. I called the store 3 times and no one answered. Left voicemails and still haven't heard back. Just pathetic.I frequently go to this wing stop and have had good experiences each time. I think it really depends on when you go and how busy they are. Went in tonight and everyone was very pleasant. Usually not a long wait for my food when I go in to place a to-go orderDO NOT VISIT THIS LOCATION. My boyfriend and I order from Wing Stop about once every two weeks and will never use this location again. I'd rather deal with the sketchiness that is the Claiborne location or just go to Metairie. 
1. Placed my order at 4:46 online. I ordered two orders of wings. Nothing large. 
2. Receive a call at 4:56 saying the order didn't come all the way through. The cashier kept interrupting me saying "you done?" No. I'm not. Let me speak. 
3. Arrive at Wing Stop at 5:18. My order wasn't ready. My boyfriend was told they were "just starting it." Meanwhile, the cashier told me it would be 18 minutes or less when I hung with her at 5:00. 
4. Waited twenty minutes for our food. At 4:38 he asked about how much longer it would be. He was told that it had been ready "for a while" but they forgot to call his name. 
5. The cashier asked him to leave because he asked why his name wasn't called. 
*meanwhile: their cooks were watching the Saints game. 
Owner needs to clear house. Every employee we had an interaction with was rude, lazy, and incompetent.Not only are the workers unfocused, confused and slow moving but you must ALWAYS  check your food because something's wrong. They forgot the damn fry seasoning on my fries, the employee held the bag in her had a good minute laughing and keekeeing with the other employees before she gave my my corrected fries. Also, drinks arent being filled all the way to the top, very very unorganized poor service. It's a shame.Ya know, if a wing spot  could have a 24hr store it would be wing stop. The consistency on flavors NEVER fail. This location is in mid-city in between the pharmacy and the shopping malls across from Winn-Dixie. They do have their own parking so that's def. a plus in this city.
Order ahead! I kid u not, this is the only way to go if you don't want to wait 20-30 mins for wings.  But beware, if you try to call 3/5 times no one answers... So! Order online! If u love you condiments make sure to check the bag before you leave as well! Nothings more disappointing then getting home and wanting that satisfyingly dollop of ranch but see none in the bag.
All That aside, customer service is good. They greet u when you enter and service is good. Their not so secret sugar fries are just the bees knees. I love them so much I wish I could swim in a pond of them.COLD food, rude employees, dirty interior. Never eat here.Worst management / ordered online / food not ready / wait 45 min, wait outside in the rain?