Yes, the buttermilk drops are wonderful and moist with the perfect amount of sweetness without being too sweet. However, Winks stole my finicky heart by making a glazed jelly donut that's out of this world! I suspect they have one of the best glazed donuts as well (my favorite) but I can't bring myself to stop ordering the jelly donuts when I'm staring at them! This is a lovely space with friendly staff. I thoroughly enjoyed my interactions here and recommend it to anyone who enjoys donuts/breakfast pastries.Cute little cafe, yummy "circle donuts" for my toddler who rebukes the concept of beignets (square donuts). My husband had a gorgeous and tasty pastry and I had the biggest and most delicious croissant breakfast sandwich ever. We could have split it, it was so big, but he was already full of pastry. It was served with yummy fresh grapes that were a delightful surprise. The people were so sweet. We will definitely be back here, and may try a buttermilk drop next time.The doughnuts were sooo good. I loved the buttermilk drops as well. My favorite was the plain glazed one. The staff was very friendly and helpful and even gave us directions. Definitely a great find!I'm sure the drops you get in their store are wonderful and moist. However, by the time they get to the Rouses and are purchased, they are dry as heck. 
They do taste good, but we couldn't really eat them without dunking them. Which, for a buttermilk drop, seems unusual.
Maybe selling in Rouses isn't really the best way to showcase your product.
But still tasty. I look forward to trying one straight from the business. I'm sure they are much better there.New hours are 7-7 but that's really just a rough period on when they open. Now 7:40am and they haven't opened the doors yet. Donuts on the counter and staff inside but doors locked. Apparently, the late shift staff didn't clean up the store, and they are cleaning up the store. Shows that the managers are not really on top of things or non-existent.MUST TRY SNACK-ATTACK IF VISITING NOLA!! Simple, flavorful, and delicious. Plus, the staff were beyond welcoming and really tried to add a little sparkle to the experience. Try the raspberry almond!it's just OK... Nothing special...The neighborhood that its located in is pretty cool.A MUST when visiting New Orleans. The best treats you will ever have!!! You will not regret coming hereOh my. They have the donuts. 
I will definitely be back. 
Do not miss coming here if you go to New Orleans!!!!
Get there buttermilk drop. Please go. It's incredible. They also have other breakfast items such as eggs etc.Loved the buttermilk drops! They were recommended by a local & they were every bit as good as described. They have traditional bakery food, but try the buttermilk  drops for sure!Tried theses at the other location, down at the 
Riverwalk Outlet Collection.  Very good.If you want an amazing buttermilk donut, this is the place. The staff is really friendly, and the prices are great. Highly recommend. I tried the original donut and the strawberry donut- both were great. I imagine it gets busy, but I was able to walk right in early Saturday am. Just a heads up, I think they only serve drip coffee so you may have to get espresso elsewhere if that's your go to coffee drink.Not too sure about the rest of the food but the drops are amazing. Almost like thick funnel cake balls 
I tried the original and the powdered sugar. The original was my favorite. I came around 1:30 pm and they were half off. Great deal!These are dynamite. Wished I lived in New Orleans. I've lots of buttermilk in my life and these are top of the list. Come to Dallas-Fort you would do well.Twice as expensive as the other location but what do you expect in the Quarter. At least they have tables to sit at this one and the staff is friendly.Their fresh Buttermilk Drops are to die for. If you like doughnuts, this is the place for you. Fresh daily between 4:00 and 6:00 p.mWas told about this place by some one who works in he quarter, or I wouldn't of known about it , had to try several things they were all good. Worth a stop by.If you just gotta have hunks of fried dough while in the French Quarter, NOLA, this is the place to go. By far, the best apple turnover I have ever had. They offer so much more than just your run of the mill doughnuts. You won't be sorry you skipped the beignets and went straight to Winks. Everything we tried was first rate, if not the best ever and had so much flavor. They also have full breakfast and more to offer. Prices are reasonable. Service is excellent, friendly and accommodating. They seem truly happy to be there to serve you. (Also, check out their upcycled furnishings, very fun).
I took home a dozen buttermilk bars and enjoyed them for over 3 days without turning mushy or hard as a rock. They taste fantastic dunked in coffee too!  
Trust me, skip the beignets, they aren't worth the time or calories. Run to winks for a much better experience by far.We were visiting New Orleans and while walking in the French Quarter we discovered Winks. Wow and WOW! I love, love, love these buttermilk drops. I do believe I will now be eating the drops over the beignets from now on. They are so soft and buttery and light and scrumptious. It was such a pleasant and wonderful discovery for us. The place was so clean and the staff was friendly and helpful and sweet. Besides the drops they also served breakfast. While sitting and drinking our lovely coffee, we noticed a steady stream of customers ordering breakfast sandwiches. Also on display were delicious looking fruit tarts and other sweet delights. We returned the next morning for more. This is a definite must try on your visit to the Quarter.Great prices and delicious drops! We came in and couldn't decide on which buttermilk drops to try and the lady let us have one of each for a discount. They're bigger than I imagined!Staff was friendly and cool and the donuts were pretty good.  The captain crunch donut was very stale though which I wasn't happy about and some of the others were as well.  However the redeeming factor was the great staff the amazing cake donut things that they call buttermilk drops.  Weird but so good.  Lastly the apple fritter was also really great should absolutely come here and get some donuts and drops it is awesome.Oh man, the buttermilk drops are not to be missed. We are here for breakfast 3 out of 5 days this trip.I wish there was an option to give -10 stars. I bought a couple groupons for this place. I'm here in New Orleans on vacation for my birthday and I am a huge baked goods fan and I saw this on groupon and thought...why not?! BIG mistake. My bf and I trekked all the way from our hotel 4 times during our week long trip and every time we went...they were closed! The hours state they are open from 7am-7pm and all 4 times we went, were within the hours of operation. I tried calling and the number is out of service. So I tried to look on he internet to see what's going on...and I found quite a few reviews stating the same problem I was having. At this point I am super frustrated and upset to have taken so much time out of my trip to figure what's going on with this horrible business. Not even a note on the door to explain if they have closed, moved, or changed their hours, etc. So I reached out to groupon and they we're so awesome in helping me to resolve this issue. DO NOT...I REPEAT...DO NOT GO HERE OR BUY ANY OF THEIR GROUPONS.This place is closed permanently! Very sad as I was really looking forward to their donuts. They've been gone about a month according to the business across the street.Nothing exciting! Donut was just ok and their menu is really limited. No smiles here when you walk in. So I will keep looking for a good NOLA donut.I had no idea what a buttermilk drop was until coming here, but I can now say it sure is tasty. 
For those of you who wander in like me without any idea of what it is, think of it like a donut hole but bigger.
If this bakery is named after the dessert it sells, I expect it to be good! And it didn't disappoint. I got two original and one cinnamon and sugar buttermilk drop. The original drops are melt in your mouth goodness. The cake is soft and moist, with just the right amount of glazed icing. I thought the cake of the cinnamon and sugar was a bit dry, but otherwise, the coating was a great balance between the cinnamon and sugar. 
Like other dessert places in New Orleans I was afraid this place would be cash only, but luckily they do accept credit as well!
Buy a bunch and snack away! It's hard to just eat one.This place is great. I'm originally from New England, where we know apple fritters like New Orleans knows red beans & rice. The owner is doing it RIGHT. This is the best apple fritter I've had in NOLA in 15 years of living here. I'll be back. 
Oh: It's my 4th time here -- everyone comes for the buttermilk drops, which are great--- but don't skip the rest of the menu. The breakfast sandwich is excellent, the cakes are good, and if you're not in the mood for anything sweet, ask for the day's lunch special.  Meanwhile, I'm SO happy to have a new breakfast alternative on Decatur. 
P.S. The decor is simple  and could use some work- but when you take that first bite of anything on the menu, you'll forget all that. Go get you some.Walked in pre-Mardi Gras and had the Buttermilk Drops. I didn't get what the hype was about. Why they famous? What's the deal w/photos of actors shooting a movie on the walls? Maybe I need to come when they are fresh piping hot. It just tasted like a dry Buttermilk donut hole.  I barely could finish one. I guess if u like dry donut holes this is your place. It did nothing for my taste buds and disappointed in all the hype. Too dry and hard. Hardly any flavor. Is this one of those hit or miss places? It was a miss on my visit. Maybe the jokes on me. Is that why it's called Wink's?Nicest people!  The buttermilk drops were so moist and delicious.  I could eat them with no glaze! Definitely go out of your way to stop into this cute little shop.Fresh, delicious and don't miss the chocolate covered strawberries! Nicest people there as well!Buttermilk drops are the pinnacle of doughnut perfection. The flavor and texture are perfect -- the ratio of crisp sweet outside to soft inside is ideal. They keep well for a couple of days, too, so buy some for your friends.Would be 4.5 stars but will give this small business a break.
Went here using a Groupon and was pleasantly surprised. The buttermilk drops are really tasty and larger than I expected (about 2.5" across). They also cone with different frosting options which are actually better than the original 'plain' variety. The drops taste great when fresh (and actually not too bad after a few days stored in a baggie). 
The creampuffs were also great and the other items on display looked really good.
There seems to be some confusion about the opening times as what Yelp shows does not match their webpage - and that did not match the real world. We arrived a but after 8 on a Saturday and were disappointed to find that they were not open. Seemed strange as most bakery places tend to be early opening in my experience. It also turned out that their cashier was late. Hung around and chatted with the guy who was the baker and it was worth the wait.   Seems that they run a lean small business - not that this is a bad thing - just have the proper expectations. This is not a high volume tourist operation.Came to this place on the way to the French Market.  It was close to the afternoon so it was too late for my friend and I to order some breakfast. After reading up on some famous donut holes, I decided to get myself half a dozen.  The display of their donuts were pretty unique, but when you come to a new place...you want to try THEIR popular sellers.  If you are visiting NOLA for a longer period of time, I would recommend checking out this place, otherwise you would want to fill your appetite with seafood and beignets! 
Anyways, the place was pretty empty when we first came into this place and the staff was very tired...We decided to just be quick and get our orders and then get out of there.  My friend order the Boston creme pie donut while i got the donut holes.  We pretty much inhaled it by the time we reached over to the french market (which is NOT a long distance).  Pretty cute place.I tried the coffee and sprinkle versions. I preferred the coffee flavor although they were both delicious. Friendly service as well. Reasonable priced, $1 when I was there.I was headed to Cafe Envie (which I really was not too excited about) when I was seduced by the simple chalk sign going on about buttermilk drops.
I had very little money on me, as I'd just relocated, but decided to see what this was all about.  
The moment I walked in I was so glad to have made the choice.  It was cooler (temp. not vibe) than Envie and MUCH cleaner and nicer inside.  I needed to sort some papers and needed a quiet place to sit and sift.   The young lady behind the bar was striking lovely, engaging and funny.  One of the patrons bought an extra doughnut to share during our fantastic conversation.
This is EXACTLY why I moved to New Orleans.  Great food and excellent connections with people. 
I am super excited to bring my boyfriend there.
The buttermilk drops were excellent as promised.  I had a "shoe sole" courtesy of Mr. Rocco, which was succulent and buttery and obviously, made with love.
No Sysco bullshit here.Stopped in to check out the lunch menu, which looked amazing, but they didn't have muffalettas, so we were in the hunt for somewhere to get one. The guy at the counter (forgot to get his name) recommend Mahoney's on Magazine (also awesome!). We bought some of the famous buttermilk drops and a jelly filled donut and they were AMAZING! I would definitely go back for more! Thanks for the help and tasty donuts!LOVE LOVE LOVE the Buttermilk Drops! Light, moist cake like donut covered in a sweet glaze. I recommend getting an order with a mix of the plain and chocolate dipped with pecans. Very friendly staff and in a less busy area of the French Quarter. If you are in the French Market, you should walk a block over to Chartres St for Buttermilk drop.After reading the great reviews in Yelp I decided to try this place before heading out on a drive to MS.  
The information said the place opens at 8:00 which I thought was a little late for a donut place.  The coffee spot across the street had been open by 7:00.  
Arriving at Winks at 7:45 I patiently waited until 8:15.  The doors did not open.  The baker saw me outside and I motioned him to the door.  He greeted me with a large butcher knife in his hand and said they don't open until 8:30 am
WHAT DONUT SHOP OPENS SO LATE?  They will miss a majority of the morning commuter business.  I had to go so I left without trying any of the donuts. 
Poor business model for a donut place.I want to be a fan, but Wink-a-dink does not seen to operate within the posted business hours.
Was closed when they were supposed to be open.  
I'm no quitter, I will try again.  I've heard it was good ;)If Yelp allowed half stars, I'd give 3.5 stars.
I finally got to try a buttermilk drop fresh from the store. They are a lot more moist (Don't like that word) than the ones from Rouse's. They are a tad too sweet for my taste but they are a lot better tasting than the ones from Rouse's. I think I'd like to get them with no icing if that would be an option.
I would give them 4 stars but in all honesty, they are a bit too expensive at over a dollar each for what amounts to 2 maybe 3 bites.
But I'm glad I got the chance to try them fresh.Sorry Winks but not worthy of the world famous label. If looking for delicious buttermilk drops hit up Buttermilk Drop in Metairie, and if looking for donuts try Blue Dot or District.
Bear Claw: the best donut we tried with a good amount of apples.
Apple fritter: very little apples and  a lot of cinnamon.
Glazed: good glaze but oddly chewy.
Buttermilk drop: good taste and moist but no crunch.This place make the most delicious buttermilk donuts! If you like donuts go here!!! You will love it for sure! I got one every day on our trip. They were a perfect size and so fresh. Sorry you might get addicted to them too. I am just glad there is not one in Seattle because I might have to buy new clothes.Awesome !!! Stopped in and just bought one of the buttermilk drops. It was delicious. Crisp on the outside and moist (sorry to people who hate that word ) on the inside. I could have eaten like ten more for sure! The other regular sized donuts looked yummy too. Gonna have to go back to try one for sure ( and grab some more of the drops )!Awesome place! Finally a great place for donuts in New Orleans. The very tasty buttermilk drops are just the beginning of what this place has to offer. I will be back soon.We ate at Winks last week and their baked goods were the most delicious I have ever had.  If you go to New Orleans you must go to Winks!Came in here for morning breakfast. The Buttermilk Drops, a combination of cake and doughnut are amazing. You must have these, and trust me - you will be addicted. Get here in the morning as they open for some coffee and these beautiful baked gems of happiness.Delicious! If you like munchkins this tastes like a glazed munchkin on steroids. Better than beignets I think!Has a website. Posts hours. Doesn't feel much need to be open on any particular schedule. Maybe call before you go?  Or just don't have expectations.Omg you have got to try winks if you are in New Orleans! Grab you some buttermilk ones!I don't really like buttermilk drops as they taste pretty much like doughnuts to me and I don't like doughnuts.  Most of the desserts here focus on doughnut shop type items which don't appeal to me.  They do have some brownies, cookies, cakes and pies that are quite nice.  They also serve hamburgers and po boys in here but I haven't had a chance to try the real food yet.  This would be a good breakfast spot for those that love doughnut shop type fare and then a good lunch spot for folks like me that don't.My sisters and I were visiting from Pittsburgh and I kept hearing I needed to try a buttermilk drop. We stopped in late afternoon, and they still had a great fresh selection! Ended up with a delicious buttermilk drop and the super fun Homer Simpson donut. Both were amazingly tasty!! To top it all off, the staff were absolutely incredible! We carried on a great conversation and when we left we were smiling and full of phenomenal pastries :)I came across this cute little place today as I was walking around near the French Market with my daughter. Something funny on their sign caught my eye: "YOLO eat a doughnut". Who can argue with that?
I went in and received such great, friendly service. I saw that they even sell other hot foods, with a full kitchen to boot! Needless to say, I got me a doughnut. One bavarian cream filled, and I had to try one of those balls they're so famous for! They were both so delicious, and my 10 month old thoroughly enjoyed her first bite of doughnut.
I will definitely be returning. Support local businesses!I came to New Orleans for work and ate buttermilk drops every single day.  I can't wait for them to start shipping orders.  I truly have never had anything like these buttermilk drops.  Order as many as you can carry.Loved these!!! Wish we had them in CT I would get them weekly. Can't go wrong picking flavors either. All good. Please ship a variety and an apple fritter to me in CT!!!The ButterMilk Drops (1 BMD) are perhaps the most expensive donuts for their size at $1.36, but a nice treat when in town.Cafe Du What??? My friends and I went to Cafe Du Monde and this place blows them out of the water!! DELICIOUS!! Buttermilk drops are so soft and sweet and the staff is SUPER nice. A MUST go to when you're in Nawlins!!!So. Greasy. 
I usually grab a donut at Small Mart (whose are fantastic) but I thought I'd give a buttermilk drop a try since I've heard good things. I love buttermilk donuts for their delicate crustiness, soft interior, and tangy flavor, but the drop I had had none of these things. Soggy crust, and one bite in and I had a mouthful of oil, gross. Beyond that, the flavor was generically sweet with nothing remotely interesting about it. Tossed it in the trash, I'm sad to say.So good!! I had their original buttermilk drop first but unfortunately, I wasn't too impressed by it. But the chocolate dipped with nuts and cinnamon sugar ones really did it for me. Both were cakey and moist. They're kind of like cake doughnuts but definitely not as dense and were more cake like. A bit pricey through, we got 3 buttermilk drops for like $4 and they're really not that big.Buttermilk drops. By far the best treat I've had in a long time. The exterior is slightly crunchy and by the time you finish that bite, you've entered a soft center that could match clouds in heaven.Damn.....I don't even like donuts but this place changed my mind!
Came in for breakfast and coffee. (Just simple coffee....they don't have espresso.)  Ordered a quick breakfast of grits, eggs, toast and bacon and my boyfriend ordered a donut.  Being a girl I had a bite and then had to go order the buttermilk drops because it was so good!
They offer a full breakfast menu and plenty of bakery items.  You can even order a king cake (they leave the baby out now due to risk of dental injury).
Loved this place for the quick friendly service, how quickly my food came out, and how great the donuts are.  Definitely worth a stop next time you're visiting.Chicory coffee and buttermilk drops. .yummy. .see you tomorrow. .:)...don't forget to list the history ..very interestingHad to try this place while I was in NOLA for my husband birthday weekend getaway. If you know anything about Super Donuts, these are very much like those. The location was cute and I would have dined in but we ran short on time. I would return as the drops are very tasty and the customer service was outstanding.The original glazed buttermilk drops will knock your socks off.. I tried them for the first time yesterday and I was blown away.  I am going back today because they are just too "melt in your mouth" good to only have once while visiting the Quarter. And when you go in ask for Val, her service is the best!This was a pretty basic donut shop, in my opinion.  This section of Decatur street is so freaking sketchy, it wasn't worth the walk as far as I was concerned. The chocolate donut with sprinkles and chocolate donut holes were good as well, but probably not enough to get me back in that area.Boring donuts. Better donuts in a grocery store bakery. Don't waste your time or money in New Orleans.I've been on a bit of doughnut kick lately. I found myself in the quarter on Decatur street and just happened to notice Wink's. After hearing that this new location opened up I've been meaning to try it out, so I decided to pop in. I just ordered the three buttermilk drops to go. First off, $3.75 for three buttermilk drops not much larger than your average doughnut hole is ridiculous, regardless of what actor is making them. The drops were okay, a little on the dense side, but nothing special. I think Tastee or the Mckenzie's out in Lakeview offers way better buttermilk drops for a better price. While the buttermilk drops were okay, I'm giving them two stars instead of three because I just can't wrap my head around the fact that I spent $4.00 on what were basically three doughnut holes!!So we go to Winks again craving donuts at 9 AM on a Friday during Jazz Fest. We can smell donuts cooking outside. The door is open but the guy behind the counter says they aren't open till noon! What are they smoking at Winks? The donuts may be good but the service is -5. We ended up at Tastee on Broad and Esplanade which was good. And The Original Buttermilk drop shop is not far either on Dorgenious.
Get a clue Winks!Why is Winks closed in the Quarter during Jazz Fest? Also saw the Riverwalk location closed midday when the other food stands were booming. Did they run outta donuts or are they at the Fest? Not fair....we biked all the way down there with our sweet tooth that is now feeling not so sweet.OMG these were so good. Light, rich and pretty big! They were just sweet enough but not too sweet. If I am back in New Orleans, next time I am going to try one of their donuts. The donuts were ridiculously pretty. Very appealing and nicely decorated. I should have gotten one but all of them looked so good I would have ended up with more than one so best to stick with the world famous drops. 
Located not too far from the french market,After the greasy buttermilk drop I had my first time there (see earlier review), the owner reached out to apologize, saying she knew the day I went because they had issues with a new cook who they ultimately had to let go. She offered a dozen buttermilk drops, which was lovely customer service (though I didn't take her up on it).
However, I did give them another chance recently. This time, though, I went for the bavarian cream-filled donut, and it was everything donut dreams are made of. The texture, flavor, and cream were spot-on. So while buttermilk drop is in the name, this reviewer recommends the bavarian cream-filled, and he will be going back for more.Buttermilk drops? Yes please!!!  Came here after a day's shopping at the French Market. Place didn't disappoint. 
It's like a "doughnut" hole on steroids. Small but packed with flavor. A little gooey in the middle perfect. So good with their .99 cent coffee. 
Only had two. Could've had more. Wouldn't fit in my pants though. 
Try 'em out!!!Awesome. 
Tried the buttermilk drops and the cinnamon roll.
The buttermilk drops were delicious and really remind me of an old time doughnut place in San Francisco. Great texture, good amount of sweetness, and fresh.
The cinnamon roll was to die for and was fresh with a good amount of sweetness and cinnamon flavor.
Friendly and prompt service and the ladies working there were really nice.
Would recommend to anybody visiting to drop-in this place to get their sweet tooth satisfied. Yum!While visiting NOLA for a few days we stopped in here for breakfast. First, the young woman who took our order was terrific - with a sweet, bubbly personality. In addition to croissant breakfast sandwiches, my husband and I shared a cinnamon roll and  three (yes, three!) buttermilk drops. Delicious!  Ya gotta try 'em. Do not leave New Orleans without visiting Wink in the French Quarter. (And, no, I'm not associated with them. I live in California. It's much too humid here for me, and the food is too good and too fattening!)I had been to Wink's when it first opened and the buttermilk drops of course lived up to expectations.  And the colorful owner was always worth the visit.  Of course, things have changed since then as it is under new ownership.  However, fortunately they acquired the recipes of all the things Wink's was best at.   Here is why it deserves 5 stars now. 
I went there for breakfast and the new owners have definitely stepped up their game.   Breakfast is now served on regular plates with regular silverware, the grits are over run with butter and a garnish that makes for a beautiful presentation.  The sausage is an improvement, apparently a much better quality of meat.  And the toast!  Oh the toast!  They obviously bake their own bread and toast it in nice thick slices.   Overall, the best breakfast in the lower Quarter by a mile.   No disrespect intended for more established local places.   
I was told their hours of operation have changed from those posted on here.  They are now open 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.  And they serve plate lunches including fried chicken.  I haven't tried it yet, but I was told that it take a little longer because they butcher whole chickens, batter and fry it only after you order it.   I'll supplement when I get a chance to try it. 
Finally, they have vastly expanded their donut selection.  I dare say there is anything you could want.  They also make fresh daily King Cakes that are world's apart from those places that are mass producing them.  I recommend you give them a try. 
Overall, they deserve their 5 stars and I encourage you to visit them and support the new owners.   They are doing a great job and I will definitely go back.I held off leaving this review because I wanted this place to get its act together. The coffee is cheap and the donuts are good and it's a nice quiet place to kill the hour I have to kill every morning before I start work. It's the management/staff that is the problem here. The employees randomly decide whether or not to open on time based on if they would rather be 1.smoking outside 2.watching t.v. Inside while customers wait outside or 3.napping on the bench. They never have change, and have in the month I've been coming been out of coffee, creamer, eggs, napkins and bags on various days. The owners will sit in the restaurant and contemplate what is wrong with their business, out loud, in front of customers. I am Generally I'm low maintenance and will put up with a fair amount of apathy. But today took the cake. While sitting on the bench eating my donut one of the owners, a blonde woman who is regularly in there yelling about how someone is an idiot, decided to attempt to hang a painting above my head. I was on the phone and wasn't paying attention until she dropped a wooden frame photo on top of my head. I was a little too stunned to say anything right away but my partner yelled at her, she didn't apologize and instead threatened to call the cops on us for yelling at her. I'm over it. Despite the fact that I am literally across the street from this place 5 days a week they won't be seeing us again. This kind of mismanagement will inevitably lead to failure but in the meantime mind your manners or you might get arrested for being treated badly.My friend and I happened to stumble upon Wink's after walking through Food Fest and we are both so glad we did! It's a small place so it can definitely be easy to walk past. It has an authentic, homey feel to it and the service was absolutely wonderful! My friend and I each wanted to get one buttermilk drop; after my friend paid for hers, I was having trouble deciding on just one. The lady at the register was super generous and decided to give us each another one free of charge!!! The buttermilk drops (which are made with both donut and cake batter) were amazing! I got one chocolate covered and one cinnamon sugar; both were fluffy but not dry and super tasty. A perfect sweet treat! Definitely worth at least one visit! I will be back.Much of the NOLA food scene is filled with lines...long, long lines.  I read the amazing reviews of Wink's and expected the same.  Instead, I was greeted by air conditioning, no line, and delicious buttermilk drops.  One order is three drops, and they are melt-in-your-mouth delicious!  I also got a breakfast sandwich, which was equally good.This was by far the best donut I have ever had in my life. The service (Niesey - I hope I spelt it right!) was top notch, the selection of donuts were incredible. Next time I'm back in New Orleans, this will be my first, middle, and last stop on the tripOk so I'm on a mission to find the best pastries in the city. Winks was pretty good. I went with the Ginny early on a Sunday morning... There was no one in the place... Bad for business but good for us. We grab a few buttermilk drops and doughnut holes. First the good... The buttermilk drops were amazing! Definitely better than other popular spots I've tried. The doughnut holes... Not so much. They were a little tough... The glaze wasn't really impressive... We would have done better just sticking with the buttermilk drops.The French Quarter used to be full of talented cooks who offered everyday food which, by the way was sublime. Used to be lots of those folks lined the streets, but not so much anymore. The good news is that every few blocks, you can still find one, maybe two and Wink's is your main stop in the lower Quarter. Sure, get some buttermilk drops early in the morning to take to your coworkers or to your mate 'cuz they will increase the respect for your good taste, but come back for the red or white beans or the fried catfish (and for the mac and cheese side-MAN) and come  back often. And for those visitors that I see when I'm there that walk in, look about and then politely walk out- what the heck are you looking for? Whatever it is:  This. is. it.