So fun! This place is great for a night out with friends, a romantic wine tasting date, or a special occasion. They have a ton of wine on the walls and a little app food menu. I love the system with the WINO card which you simply insert into the machine and select the quantity of wine that you want. 
Came here with a large group of friends and we had a blast. We got some cheese plates and all just had a great time trying wines from all over the world. A must see in NOLA.Big fan of this place. We came in on my birthday for a fun wine night, and although I was expecting more of a bar scene, we still had a lot of fun. I had no idea how it all worked but was surprised (in a good way) when we walked in. Here's how it goes: you hand over your debit or credit card and receive a WINO card. You can then go up to any of the machines that basically have tons of different wines on tap and choose, by the ounce, the type of wine you'd like. You then have the charge on your WINO card. It's fun to try different wines and explore new ones; however, definitely isn't a bar. 
They do have a great food menu if you're looking for some delicious cheese or GREAT bruschetta. It would really be perfect for a date night, not a party of 15, which we had. 
The women that worked there were super sweet and accomodating; however, definitely could not handle such a large group. "Checking out," or turning in our WINO cards and paying took quite a long time (we should have gone in waves) and they just seemed a bit flustered, understandable.
Warning: You will spend more than you think! Those $2 tastes of wine stack up and because you can't see what your total is, you just keep going back for more. It would be cool if they had some sort of app that you could check into and see all of your purchases.
I will definitely be returning and would love to take one of their classes sometime!The unfriendly staff wouldn't honor a $40 gift certificate I bought through Fetch Puppy on the day that it expired. I even asked if they would just give me credit for the price I paid for the gift certificate ($20) and they refused. On top of that, the staff were super rude about it. I left and won't be going back.My somelier friends hate this place because this machine does their job. someliers have a tendency to be snooty anyway! Having said that, it is a great place to experience alot of wine without getting too hammered. I bring all of my friends here who A.) know nothing to little of wine, B.) are very intimidated of wine selections, or C.) want to expand their palate. Its easy, fun, social, and you don't have to commit to a whole glass of wine you don't care for. My ONLY complaint is that the space is too small for such a great concept. I think they outgrew this space within a few months. However, this doesn't keep me away. Go check it out...you will love it.......unless you are a somelier!This is the best date place ever! My partner and I have been twice, and we had great experiences both times. The staff is very friendly. It's fun to sit up front and nosh on grape leaves and amazing cheeses while you sample wines. The descriptions on the bottles are accurate, and there are prices to fit every budget. One warning: it's best to pre-pay a wine card. You can always add more to it. If you use your credit card, you could wind up spending big, big bucks without knowing it! We also bought several bottles to take home, both times. If you are an out-of-towner, GO! It's truly a unique experience and a brilliant concept. We'll be going back, soon. Cheers!Great fun, great staff.  Great way to spend an evening trying different wines.  Sort of like a candy store, but lots more fun!  Definitely a must try!This place seemed like it would be a unique stop on our trip to New Orleans. We saw a sign out front indicating happy hour started at 5pm, so we figured it would be a good time to check it out.
We must have been in the place for a solid 5 minutes before we were even acknowledged by an employee. The front area was pretty filled with people seated enjoying wine, but the back area was completely empty. After we got the attention of an employee (probably because we looked lost), he quickly explained things to us and went on his way. He seemed quite disinterested in his job (probably the same guy from a previous review). 
We tasted wines for about an hour and went to check out. There was a bachelorette party trying to cash out behind us so we quickly gave our card and went on our way. It wasn't until after we left that we realized we weren't charged the happy hour rate, which I believe was 25% off. Now, was that our fault for not confirming. Maybe. But I shouldn't have to ask for a happy hour rate, especially when it's advertised on the sign outside. On our $60 tab, that was more than a couple dollars. 
Overall, we enjoyed the concept but we didn't enjoy the vibe we got from the employees. Won't be a place we recommend to others traveling to New Orleans.I wandered past this place the first day in the city and new for sure I had stop in to see what this place was all about. It took me a minute to get back here, but when I did I wasnt dissapointed. They have a ton of wines on tap so its a great situation to try new things and see what you would really like. They day i visited they had a tasting going on so i wasnt able to try anything in the back so it left me with only a few choices. I was still able to try a good amount of wine before i moved on to the next destination. The tap system can be a little confusing so I had to try a couple of times before i made it work. I also liked that you could by a wine you liked by the can or bottle to enjoy. I got a nice can of rose to go before i left so this place gets all the points with me.Can get kind of pricey. 
Showed up at 1:00 when they were suppose to open and owner said they weren't open due to arriving late. 
Owner was ok kind of abrasive for being in customer service.First time at WINO, loved it!! Great concept and easy to enjoy. Wines were great and that 15 year old Scotch was out of this world. To top it all off, Claire was amazing!! She explained everything flawlessly and took an interest in us and our story. She was the one who convinced me to try the scotch, man was she right. I would have bought a bottle. Thanks for the great time!!I discovered WINO when I was walking back to my hotel. Stumbling across this place was definitely a highlight of my weekend. The staff is courteous and knowledgable about the wine selection and the atmosphere is great for groups. Essentially WINO has a selection of wines "on tap" and cover a full range of wines from around the world.  When you check in, they provide you with a card that essentially tracks all of your pours. They also offer cheese plates but I skipped that option and simply sampled the wine. Definitely consider adding this to your list of places to try when visiting NOLA.So not a good experience at all. Went here to have some drinks before we went out for dinner for the night. We walked in and the wait staff didn't greet us at all. We had to approach them about the concept of the place. It would have been nice just to have someone say Hey welcome...have you been here before. There computer had crashed and it took them a while for them to get us our card so we could enjoy some of the wine but the did give us a free 1oz drink while we waited. Once all of these issues were sorted out, my GF tried a glass of the more expensive wine and she got about a half an ounce from the dispenser plus a fruit fly. When I took it to the counter to get it replaced, the gal behind the counter pretty much said, sorry, guess you get some protein as well. No offer to replace the glass. We paid our tab and left feeling very underwhelmed. Just a little customer service would have gone a long way.My husband knows how much I love to try new wines so we stopped by on a Sunday evening to see what WINO had to offer. So happy that we did! The wine selection was substantial and Stevie was so helpful and friendly. Also, as tourists, we welcomed and enjoyed her suggestions about other places to try in the city. Truly, this experience was one of the highlights of our trip to New Orleans.I really do like this place, it has a great selection of wine and they also have this one Moscato that will make your panties melt! What I don't like is that you're basically "out there alone" when it comes to tasting and asking questions because the counter girls never seem to know anything. It's a great place to go on a date, but I'd suggest you get there early or don't go at all on a Friday or Saturday night.If you are scared of trying new things, hate life and are never satisfied, stay away from W.I.N.O. 
 If you want to open a bottle of wine and get drunk for under $10 bucks, stay away from W.I.N.O.  
If, however, you want to try new things, better appreciate wine, have fun while simultaneously learning while you drink... then I suggest you make W.I.N.O. your go-to. 
If you ask the staff questions, they'll help you.  If you have no idea what a Malbec is or how to pronounce Sauvignon Blanc, they're happy to teach you.  If you want to impress some girl with your swirling, sniffing and slurping, they'lll leave you alone. I've learned a lot from tasting wines (they have a 120 on tap, plus Sparkling in perlage capsules) and asking staff questions; you can receive as much or as little direction as you wish.  Of course, if you're there on a busy night when the staff is flying by the edge of their seats, I wouldn't expect a full-on impromptu wine course from them.
The cheese plates are fantastic.  Generous portions for the price and quality. The cake balls are mouth-watering.  Ask about Vending Machine Wines--not like the machines that dispense the wine (those are Enomatics), but the New Orleans based winery that makes outstanding wines out of California.  I dream about those. 
As for expenses, you spend what you want.  Open a tab.  Stay away from things like Opus One unless it's an Opus One kind of night, and you'll be fine.  Obviously, the more buttons you press, the bigger your tab will be.  Wine worth sipping, tasting and appreciating isn't cheap, but W.I.N.O. offers sensibly priced tastings of good, great and fine wines.   There's a decent appetizer menu, craft beers and top shelf cocktails for the non-winos, and the best sparkling by the glass (and even 2oz!) in the city.
There's no tip line on the credit card receipt, so be sure to tell the server when you're checking out that you'd like to tip and how much you'd like to add.Lots of fun. Wish it was labeled better and more organized. Could stay here all day. Fairly well priced as long as you don't go nuts.Love it!!!! A must visit for me. Great selection of samples and bottles. Small plates as well. The staff are very knowledgeable. Please try it!This place was really cool. I liked that I could control how big or much wine I wanted to try. Staff was friendly and very helpful. The alps have beer but the selection is limited. The sweet wine selection is limited but that's to be expected.Amazing selection of wines, but considerably overpriced. 
You give the attendant your ID. She gives you a card, which you then use at different wine stations. You can choose from three different sized pours. This is where they gauge you in price, so just BEWARE. 
We got a cheese plate to pair with our wines and the manchego is nothing like a manchego, which should be nutty in flavor. This manchego was bland. But the blue cheese was amazing--probably the best we've ever had. And the brie was good too. 
All in all, the wine choices are unique and it's fun to be your own bartender, but I don't think we will be back, because it's just way overpriced for the amount of wine you get.I like W.I.N.O. I have friends that love W.I.N.O., but I like W.I.N.O. I love the idea of wine vending machines. I love that I can have a nifty debit card and choose which wines I want. I think I'll have this Riesling, and then maybe this Viognier, then maybe I'll throw a curveball to the old taste buds and hit it with a Bordeaux. The choice is mine. It's my card and I'll do what I want. And then to make this event even better, I can buy cheese and bread?! Oh what joy! And then my love fades because someone working there has to have an attitude with me over ordering food. It's not a terrible snotty attitude, it's an attitude you'd expect from a tween. Several times I have been into W.I.N.O. I have been talked out of ordering cheese and simply getting a few pieces of bread. The excuses have ranged from "We're kinda not serving food anymore" to "You want something to nibble on? I'll bring you out some free bread". OK, fine W.I.N.O, I'll just keep it at a "like" for now.A friend and I got there at 8:30 and the employee said he was about to close because they "hadn't had a customer in a while." Their closing time says 10 though... It came off very rude and unprofessional. We were so excited to try this place out too. Such a shame... I was considering bringing a friend here for her birthday, but never mind that.Where to begin?  This place is Heaven, my happy place!!  I really feel like a kid in a candy shop here, except better because it's all about WINE!!  They have a rotating selection of unique wines and even some spirits and beers.  The snacks are equally delicious!  Get the cheese plate and the desserts!  David took care of us while we were here and truly topped off why this is my favorite bar to visit in NOLA!  Thank you sir for such a lovely experience! We will be back (multiple times) for sure!My boyfriend and I walked in while wandering NOLA. We didn't stop to have a drink becasue this place doesn't have the right vibe for us, but we can see it being a great place for folks who like the vibe of this place. Based on other reviews, there are plenty of folks who find the ambience of this place to their tastes. Enjoy!Great pours from around the world! Great date spot as well. The concept is very fun & engaging. I think the pricing here gets a bad rap but is actually on par with the wine selection and the per glass price you would pay at a nice restaurant. 
The experience could have been better with more attention to detail in service but all in all this is a fabulous New Orleans establishment. 
Don't "run a tab" ... budget yourself at this joint with a prepaid card... It's otherwise too much fun and you'll leave drunk and broke. I leave a lot of places drunk and broke... but this place is definitely an enabler!!This is a pretty nifty place to go and sample many wines and then if you find one you like they will be happy to sell you a bottle or case.  They also have a decent beer and cheese selection.  I've been to a few events and birthday parties here and it is a pretty laid back place to enjoy yourself.  They have nifty Enomatic machines (AKA wine on tap) that you get a card (rechargeable with money) to use for sampling various amounts of wine in increasing volumes (that are consistent) for increasing prices (that vary by wine).  So (C = V x P/B) or the state of NOLA Crunk equals the volume of wine times price divided by your budget.BEST LUNCH SPOT IN THE CBC/WAREHOUSE DISTRICT. wine by the ounce, amazing and super cheap sandwiches and super cool atmosphere. As far as lunch goes, I don't think it gets any better.This is the place to go for Wine tasting in Nola! The only negative I can think of is the layout of the place. It's hard to maneuver between rooms when it gets crowded. Get the Goat cheese and pepper jelly app!Hitup WINO this weekend with an expiring Fetch Puppy deal.  So yay for having a limit.  Boo for having the wine vending machine feeling the Halloween vibe and fritzing out a bunch.  One of the machines finally went kaput BEFORE I could taste the Pink Floyd. Who doesn't want to taste a rose with that name?
We had 2! lovely cheese plates and then all the exhausted working people toddled off to bed with tummies & heads full of wine, cheese & baguette.  Perfect lowkey night.My wife and I love wine!  We belong to several wine clubs, have a wine Cellar and travel to Napa regularly.  Because of our love for wine, the concept of W.I.N.O excited us.  Over 120 different wines in one tasting room, seemed like a wine lovers dream come true.  This is a great concept...we were not impressed with the wines that we tried.  Most of them reminded us of wines you would fine at a reception or wedding.  Many of them tasted flat.  Granted we are very selective on what wines we drink, we rarely drink a wine that we have not aged.  For most people who open the bottle of wine the night they buy it, they will love this place.Love how you can pour and try as many different kinds of wine as you like! A different approach to wine tasting! Nice tables in the back to sit at.I think this place is brilliant and I've been gushing about it ever since I went last Saturday.
As mentioned in other reviews, you get a card (prepaid or open if you put down your credit card), and using that you can try any wine you want.  They are all priced by the ounce, and you can get 1 oz, 2 oz or a full glass.  They have everything from ~$1.50/oz to over $20/oz.  They are all encased in glass containers that keeps them at appropriate temperatures (room temp for most reds, slightly chilled for pinot noir, etc).  
The cheese boards are also excellent -- for $15 you get a selection of 3 cheeses with bread.  Their cheese selection is excellent and all three we tried were beyond delicious (try the Drunken Goat!  and the Aged Gouda!  and the Saint Andre!).  The $15 board was enough for a group of 4 of us (we'd gone to dinner before, so this isn't enough to "feed" you).
There are note pads so you can write down your thoughts and there are classes you can take to learn more (everything from consumer level classes just-for-fun, to certification programs).
The whole experience was wonderful and I cannot recommend it enough.I really enjoy WINO.  I like the do-it-yourself set up a lot.  
You go to the counter and get a wine "debit card" and use it to try the enormous selection of wines they have attached to the self-serve machines.  The prices (per ounce) are listed on each machine, and range from $1.00 to $10.00.  Many of the wines are under $2. You can choose a 1 ounce, 2 ounce, or 4 ounce taste.  Each wine has a detailed description above it and everything is organized by countries. Find a wine you like, and you can buy a bottle.
The atmosphere is very laid back, and I have never had a hard time finding a table. The staff is not particularly friendly/cheerful which is no big deal because everything is self-serve. (I assume they have to deal with a lot of tourists, so I'll let it slide.)
I look forward to going to one of their classes sometime.As a wine fanatic, I was SO SO excited to see a cool wine geek place like this in New Orleans. My experience was limited but positive.
WINO is unique in that it is primarily a wine education center but also offers small plates and a 'self service' option for wines during regular business hours. For anyone who has not been to this type of venue, it's pretty simple -- you trade your ID for a wine "debit card" at the front desk, insert debit card at desired station and you have the option of pouring yourself 1oz, 3oz or 6oz pours (at varying prices of course). At the end of your adventure you simply bring the card back to the counter and pay. Easy peasy.  
The cool thing about this is it's NOT just for wine nerds like me. The self service aspect makes it easier and less intimidating for people who are not so familiar with wine - you're offered descriptions to help guide you and can be noncommittal and try 1oz of something if you're unsure. 
My only qualm with this place was the owner's complete and utter lack of enthusiasm and positive attitude. I would agree with former posts describing him as slightly abrasive. I know you're a New Yorker dude, but c'mon, it's New Orleans - lighten up. You catch more flies with honey. I'll note however that the other employees I did interact with were more pleasant. 
Regardless, I will absolutely be back the next time I visit 'Nawlins, and hopefully it will be for a wine class!This place is the place to be for all winos!! It's a magical place with 120 wines on a tap that you serve yourself. Great service and amazing wine! 
If you love wine to any degree, you NEED to come here!Excellent "bar" acting as a great outlet with a superb program of tastings; no wonder me n her keep coming back! Well worth trying out...often...I've been hearing about the wonders of WINO for years now and it's at the point where even *I* cannot believe how long it's taken me to finally come here. Perhaps it's because I'm typically wooed by the almost Rococo allure of Tommy's Wine Bar located down the block when I'm in the CBD and I have wine on the brain (which is like, always).
So, yeah. I dig the concept hard, but after my first visit, I've come to the conclusion that unless you're looking to sample a pricey bottle of wine before buying it, I don't really see the point of paying to sample. I mean, I can take a risk on a 20 dollar bottle of Valpolicella or something. If you know you're a fan of a certain type of wine, you're probably not going to go wrong. On the other hand, I totally get that some people like the sampling aspect. Just be prepared to then realize you could have already bought a damn bottle after several tries. I'd really have to be in the mood for this to be OK. And hey, great for that person who hasn't yet tried something hella pricey. It's great to be informed about the things you can't afford.
And when seeking an evening out in a wine bar, well WINO just wouldn't be what I'm looking for. The atmosphere is practically sterile. I appreciate it for sampling and buying. For lounging and socializing, not so much. The seating is not really comfortable (backless stools at a high table). The small menu looked like it had some fantastic choices, good enough that if I felt more into the environs, I would have stayed and snacked and wined.
Finally, I think it's worth mentioning that although the gal greeting people and helping them out when they were confused was nice enough, it was really unappealing to see her chomping on food as she spoke to people. Also, these rather clueless ladies came in and she spoke to them like they were idiots when they said they like sweet wines. "Well, all wines are actually dry, they are fermented" -- so went the gyst of it. (Trust me, they didn't ask). "You must mean that you like fruity wines." So I'm going to put this out there: As horrific as it seems to you and me that someone likes sweet wine, I think someone knows what they are talking about when they say what they like. And it's really not that difficult to steer them in the right direction without launching into a pretentious explanation. I felt like I couldn't get out of there fast enough, having to suffer through this cringe-worthy exchange. I get it. Wine "Institute" but surely there has to be a less obnoxious way to enlighten people.
WINO is AOK, in my book. I wouldn't go on the regular, but if there's something I'd like to try before buying, I know where to go. Otherwise, I'll still with my friendly neighborhood wine shop/bar, Faubourg Wines.This place is pretty awesome for the novice wine connoisseur!  There are 120 different wines on tap that can be tried in varying ounces. My wife and I are new to wine so this is an excellent place to explore our tastes. The only tricky thing about this experience is they give you a WINO card in place of your debit card. This allows you to purchase samples of the wines but doesn't allow you to see how much you have spent. They also have small cheese, meat, and fruit platters. Very good concept.This was my first visit to WINO and it definitely will not be the last. You get to sample a variety of wines with the one, three, or six ounce pour. My date and I tried a variety of wines and thoroughly enjoyed all but a few. Great way to be able to taste some more expensive wines and not break the bank. We had dinner reservations elsewhere so we did not eat anything here, but many other people had meats and cheeses that looked really good. Perfect place to do some wine tasting before dinner!!Love this trendy venue where wine is self-service with a large selection. A great spot to stop in to meet friends, relax with a glass of wine and visit!  Great ambience, wine & tasty bitesAmazing place!! 
Good location and friendly staff. The pay card sampling concept is unique and flawlessly executed. Just insert your WINO card and select your pour size and sample their 150+ different wines or have a full glass. 
The decor is fitting and bathrooms are clean. IF you're a wine lover, this is the place for you, if you are just starting to try wine, this is also the place for you. Whether you've got a tight budget or money to burn, they have 1oz pours that are affordable. 
The only criticism I could really levy was the music choice. The volume was perfect, but putting on 80s-90s pop songs seemed out of place with the rest of it. Idk what they were thinking there... 
I will definitely be coming back here the next time I'm in New Orleans.Loved it there is nothing more to say give me wine , manchego  and hard French crostini. Marry me now.WOW! What a concept. Had a blast roaming around and tasting the afternoon away. I hope one of thers shops come to my hometown soon!Very relaxing atmosphere. Tasting wines here was a very unassuming experience. I had a great time. I'd definitely recommend this for happy hour or a pre-dinner glass.Really fun experience. The staff is helpful as well as the wine descriptions posted above the samples. I learned a lot about wine as well as my preferences. Great way to try out more expensive wines that you'd never buy a whole bottle.What a great find. Our first time going in. Nice wine selection and cool concept of wine tasting. The food was great. The service was great. We'll be back again.Had a great time at this place.  The concept is genius.  The service was friendly and warm.  The wine was the star of the show.   I would recommend it for date nights, private parties, etc.   The atmosphere was sophisticated but not stuffy.I love, love love this place!  I'm kinda new to wine, so this is a perfect place to get to try a bunch of wines and find out what you like.  I'm coming back to NOLA in April with friends and this place is at the top of the list to take them to!  I love how the payment system works with the cards, and how you don't feel like there is a wine snob around the corner scoffing at your choices!I really liked this place.  I thought it was awesome that you could try as little as one ounce of a wine, to see if you like it or not.  The variety of cheeses with bread, meats and fruits was also great, and they greatly complemented the wine tasting experience.  I will definitively return to WINO.  I understand that they have a half price happy hour between 5 and 7 PM, need to do that next time.
The staff needs to pay more attention to customers walking through the door, since the register counter is not near the door of the establishment.  They should work on greeting every customer as they come in.  I saw many people that had just come in trying to figure out how did the place worked while the register lady was walking others through the process.  A chime on the door may help them stay alert.This is a cute little wine bar with walls of Enomatic machines. I love Enomatic machines because you can purchase and taste wine by the ounce. It gets a little expensive but it's a ton of fun. You check in at the hostess stand and get a card to use in the machines. Your tasting card is your bar tab, so WATCH OUT because you turn in your card and pay when you leave. It's easy to spend A LOT of money if you aren't careful. I'd say the average price per ounce of the wine "on tap" would be around $3.00, but they range from $1 to $25 per ounce. This is a self-service wine bar: simply grab a glass, step up to the machines, insert your card and choose a taste of one of the many wines!  
I'm a serious wine nerd and the wine selection is nice and respectable. There's plenty of mainstream, easy drinking reds (The Prisoner, Caymus) that are sure to please even novice wine drinkers, as well as everyday whites and a few higher end labels. Selections include unusual wines from around the world (I had never tasted a Haitian wine before) and obscure varietals too. I didn't discover any truly hidden gems, but I easily blew right through my $60 on my tasting card (oops). 
The atmosphere could also be better. It's cold and boring with uncomfortable stools and high tables. This place could be unbeatable if they'd put in a more inviting lounge type seating. I also thought the ladies working on the night I visited were a little bit too aloof and acted like they were wine experts (they weren't). It's a bad policy to assume that everyone who walks through your door is a novice and I didn't appreciate being treated as such.  
I didn't order any food but there's a small menu with some semi-appealing sounding bar food items, most pairing well with wine. The menu selections make sense and are well done. You'll find bread with olive oil, hummus, toasted nuts, and cheese plates. There's also a small selection of sparkling wines by the glass as well as bottles of beer (in case your buddies don't like wine). 
One big problem -- and it's a huge one -- is that this place does not have dump buckets anywhere. That means you are stuck chugging whatever you purchased even if you don't like it. That to me is a signal that it's not a place for true wine lovers / tasters, and it tells me all I need to know about the clientele. I'm here to taste and discover new wines, not to get drunk.Website and yelp said they close at 10pm we showed up at 9:10 and it was closed. We could see the people in the back just looking at us; lame!!!My kind of place.  Wine ON TAP!!!!!!!!!!!
Just have to watch your credit card because you will spend way more than you bargained for.
I didn't have anything to eat here so can't comment on the food but I can say that the company of other WINOs was great.  
Please open a WINO in NYC!WINO! Why? No! What have you done? You have been our favorite date night, or Sunday afternoon haunt since I wrote a glowing review for you in 2012. Everytime we have company, we always take them to WINO. So, yesterday, my partner and I decided to stop by. As we began searching which delightful wines we would sample, we were horrified to see that some of the pour prices had doubled, even tripled in price! I am by no means cheap when it comes to wine, but I know for a solid fact that Elios sells one particular bottle for $22, and WINO had it yesterday for over $40! Seriously? And one that I had purchased before was now $100! Half the fun of coming here was finding a wine you love, and buying a bottle. I loved this place. Everything about it. Once, during Mardi Gras, a cadre of us spent 7 hours here, waiting for a parade, and running up a huge bill. It was reasonable and worth it. This is a direct hit towards tourists, which is such a shame when locals, like myself, loved WINO so very much. We had a few overpriced glasses, then left, saddened and shocked. To prove the drastic change was real, we went over to Elios, and there, indeed, were some of the wines we wanted to purchase from WINO for way less than HALF the price. We are broken hearted to lose this always great experience, but we can't return, on principle. This feels like a very poorly inspired scheme to bilk our beloved tourists out of their money. Shame on you for ruining the best spot in the city.We had such a fun time! It is great to be able to sample so many wine, the host created a really fun environment, and the snacks were great!Come here at 4. No one is here yet and it is perfect to rest after walking aimlessly downtown!
They have about 80 wines to sample from at various sizes of pours. I don't really think anything was worth value, but it's a great place to relax and get 1, 2, or 4 ounce pours of various drinks and regions. They store all the wines about the best possible (i.e. those vacuum pourers) and offer a manner of other snacks as well, none of which I had.
Some of the coolest patrons come into the shop at that time too. I ran into a guy who was waiting for rush hour to clear before he went home. Apparently, he had some awesome advice for absinthe bars, jazz and the like in the city. I made use of his beer one and it was really really good... if I could only remember what I did there! 
Then again, seeing my Visa bill, maybe I don't want to...WINO was a hidden gem in New Orleans! Worth venturing out of the French quarter for, WINO will not disappoint. Wines from all over the world to sample and small plates available to nosh on. Great place to hang out with friends and drink wine. Claire was so sweet and very knowledgeable. Definitely will be back when we visit NO!This place was a lot of fun, I had no idea such a thing existed. For very reasonable prices you can sample a whole bunch of wine, as little or as much as you'd like. The staff is friendly and informative and there are places to sit down and relax with your wine smorgasbord.As soon as I saw the name of this place, I knew I had to go. Once I stepped inside (pressed for time and unable to stay), I knew I had to come back. And once I came back, I knew I was going to have a really, really great time.
And oh, I did. 
We had some time to relax before a highly anticipated birthday dinner, and wanted to get a bit out of the French Quarter to do so. I was not going to let us traipse along Tchoupitoulas without heading back inside WINO (and this time, doing some actual tasting), and especially since birthday girl Jen was genuinely interested not just in drinking wine but learning about it and sampling multiple varietals and regions in the process, WINO was extra-perfect!
It's an easy process, learning....You stop by the counter at the rear of the entry room to get your card, and then you have full run of the place and their multiple enomatic cabinet systems. Insert the card, hold down the button for your pour of choice (one, two, or four ounces), remove the card, and swirl away. WINO also has a small menu of food to go with your drinks, and plenty of self-serve water with a lovely hint of cucumber. Just like a spa!
I didn't have a chance to actually count the bottles available for tasting, but my guess is at least forty or so, representing multiple varietals and regions. Plenty of other bottles are available for purchase, whether to enjoy on site or to take with you, and the store and tasting areas are well-organized with nicely informative tags (although a few of the tags referred to wines that weren't actually on tap in the system). The shop is divided into two main rooms, with plenty of seating and space to move around, and the men working the counter were both helpful and friendly.
I wish there were a shop like this in Seattle; I love the concept of being able to have many small tastes as a way to experiment and enjoy bottles that are otherwise hard to find, without having to sit at a bar to do so. (Turley Zinfandel, how I thrill to see you anywhere....) If we'd had another night, we would've been back for, um, more education!We went for a bachelorette party and had a blast!! The staff was awesome, very helpful! It was such a fun experience! They even have great snacks to increase the tasting experience.What happened??!!! We Used to LOVE WINO. We spent 7 hours during Mardi Gras and spent loads of money. Even one birthday celebration was spent there. I go in there today and they have doubled their prices on everything. I've been there enough to know. My fav bottle of Horror Show was always a few dollars more there than the grocery store but you'd expect that and I was fine with it. Not now. The $22 bottle at Rouse's is listed at a whopping $40 at WINO. I went to the fabulous Elio's Wine Warehouse afterwards to buy a few bottles after leaving WINO and noticed others that were half or less at Elio's compared to WINO.Let's get real people. You may count on ripping off the tourists but you are going to lose the locals. Of course with the bottle prices rising the pour prices have risen accordingly. Long gone are the days we will pile in there for an afternoon of wine tasting. Too expensive!Was here a week ago.
Absolutely loved it!  OMG GOOD.
Service was exceptional and very knowledgeable.
Enjoyed talking to all the staff and laughing with them.
Appetizers you ask?  Fabulous!  3 of us ordered a cheese and pâté' plate.  You pick your cheese.  We picked Spanish cheese, Brie, and a English cheddar.  The plate was HUGE.  And yummy french bread and pita chips.  We also ordered trio of dips.  Tapenade, Hummus, Bruschetta.  We were given so much we couldn't eat it all.  Not expensive!
Now the wine.  I tried tastes of 6 wines and they were all good.  My favorite was the Cabernet Sauvignon as that is the wine I love.  Love that you give them your credit card and they give you a card to charge your wine choices on.  The operation is so simple.  But others here have explained that so I won't bore you.  My friends and I all got tastes and tasted every everyone's choice.  So I really had over 20 different tastes of wine.  
I found it very inexpensive for what you got.  
Service?  5 star.
Food?  5 star.
Wine?  5 star.
Ambiance?  5 star.
We are planning a party to have here.  Can't wait.  ;)Are you intimidated by wine? Do you have commitment issues? ADD? Do you want to drink wine in an informal setting? Then W.I.N.O. is for you.
W.I.N.O offers 120 wines dispensed by Enomatic machines- just use your card (like a debit card) to serve yourself wine by the ounce, half glass, or full glass. Hungry? W.I.N.O. serves cheese, pate, salami, tapenade, and other light fare. 
With DIY-service, W.I.N.O. has an extremely casual vibe. W.I.N.O.'s front room is small and can easily seem overcrowded; the back room is far more expansive, with several tables and plenty of room to spread out. It is good for groups but is also ideal for the solo wine drinker that just wants to try a few new wines. 
W.I.N.O. is also a school, offering classes to educate its customers. If you are a novice wine drinker, W.I.N.O.'s Intro to Wine class looks pretty good- taste 4 reds and 4 whites for $35 (it seems like they offer this class fairly regularly). Some of their other classes, such as the wine and cheese pairing class, are more tempting to an experienced wine drinker like myself.
The biggest drawback to W.I.N.O. is that if you don't pay attention and taste several 1 oz pours of expensive wine, it can really add up. The good news is that W.I.N.O. does have a happy hour where some of the wines are discounted.
Personally, I prefer to order a full glass of wine at a wine bar from a bartender that is willing to discuss the wine (if  I am unfamiliar with the wine, they will usually offer me a taste). I am knowledgeable enough about wine to know what I like, and adventurous enough to try a full glass based on a recommendation. But I always enjoy myself at W.I.N.O. If I lived in the Warehouse District, I would probably pop in far more often for a 1/2 glass or two.This spot is too dope. Never been to a wine spot like this. Love how you can choose from 1, 2 and 3oz pours. Staff knew their stuff and were friendly. Plus they have cheeseIf you love wine then you owe yourself a trip to WINO. on your trip to NOLA.  I love this sort of establishment--try all the wines you want, for as little as a few bucks a pour.  They've got some light bites to go with your vino.  Step up to the counter, get a smart card and glass and start your journey around the world's vineyards!This was a really fun experience. I don't think I would come here just to drink glasses of wine, but I do think its a fun place to mingle with friends and taste some new wines.  Can get really pricey if you're not careful but I really enjoyed the ambiance.I love it - wine vending machines by the ounce.  Sure, it's expensive, but obviously you will pay a premium to sample by the ounce.  Where else will you get the chance to try for $7 a barolo that retails for $100?  $5 for a $75 bordeaux?
Naturally, I would be concerned about the wine going bad, but I didn't taste anything off in the six or seven wines we tried - this Enomatic wine system appears to be quite something, injecting nitrogen into the bottle.Got dragged back here. Its even worse than i remembered. Rancid wine. Rancid service.My husband and I discovered this place during my birthday weekend in NOLA in March.  Walking to the French Quarter I noticed the sign on the sidewalk that had WINO on it and it piqued my curiosity and then we happened to "peek" in the doorway and were greeted with the coolest wine dispensing machines we had ever seen on earth...ENOMATIC!  COOL was all I could think!  We walked in and had a ball after we got our little "credit card" to purchase the wines by the glass with.  The beauty of the whole system is you can just grab a clean glass hanging from the racks and try EVERYTHING!  No waiting, no flagging a waitress down for your next glass...just skip on over to el machino et voila!  We happened on WINO on Friday and came back again the next day it was so fun!  We just wish to death there was a place like this in California!Great concept, and well executed. You can sample 1,2 and 4 ounce pours from the over 100+ wines on tap. Want to try a wine without buying a bottle of it? This is your place!WINO is a great idea and I wish there was one in Charlotte.  My friend from Tulane showed us this hidden spot.  The machines are cool.  It can be a bit pricey, but perfect for a date.  Just load up your card or start a tab and let the oz's of wine flow.Let me just say, if I could give this place 6 stars I would! We went on a Thursday night, when they do a great happy hour from 9-12. My friend and I probably each tried at least 15 different wines and liked every single one of them. It was so easy to figure out which wines would match our palettes with the way the taps are organized. This is the perfect place for an evening out with the girls or I could even see this as a cute first date spot. Unlike a lot of other wine-centric bars and restaurants, we didn't feel stupid or judged when we asked a question. Although, the set up is so self-explanatory we rarely needed to. This is the perfect meet in the middle for those who know nothing about wine and those who know everything. The girl who checked us in and explained how the wino cards worked is also who prepared our cheese plate, which was fantastic. We stayed til closing but would've stayed all night if we could've! I will definitively be back soon and plan on bringing everyone I know!!!If you're ever in NOLA, it is a MUST that you check out W.I.N.O.
THE LOCATION:
The Warehouse District.... directly down the street from the French Quarter, Harrahs Casino and the Convention Center. Minutes from the Arts District. DO NOT try to walk to this place from the French Quarter! Try to Uber. Parking sucks and you don't need to drive tipsy! 
PARKING:
Paid parking and it sucks. Try the building across the street. Good luck getting back into the building and back to your car- if it's during the night hours. Take an Uber!
THE PLACE:
Nicely decorated with a wide variety of wines on tap. It's a bit small and hard to get around if it's a packed night. Same goes for seating. Don't limit yourself to the front area. Take a walk to the back area. Try going during a week night or early in the evening during the weekend. You might have trouble in the latter part of the night but try anyway. At the very worst, you'll have to stand in one spot and bump shoulders to get to your next pouring of wine. I was disappointed with the bathrooms. Don't get me wrong, the bathrooms are clean. The back area has boxes of excess inventory stacked near the bathrooms. It's not hard to get to the bathroom, but it's a bit of a turnoff to see all that stuff stacked around the bathroom doors. I suppose it's cool if you're from NewYork or you're used to going to places that make you feel cramped or claustrophobic.
THE STAFF:
Extremely knowledgeable and friendly. If you're confused about a wine or how things work, pull one of them to the side and explain you're new to the experience. They'll take it from there. 
HOW IT WORKS: 
There are over 120 wines on tap. You're given a card and a wine glass. You place the card in the machine and pour your desired wine. The taps have three levels: from a sip of wine to a half glass, to a full glass. Have fun! Go into the forest, get lost and find your way back home! Go explore the wonderful world of wine! I'm not sure how else to say it, but there's something there for everyone. Again, don't confine yourself to the front. Take a walk to the back and sample everything! There's also finger foods you can order as well. Don't go there expecting to order anything and leave full... unless you order numerous things to try in one sitting. I suggest you make this place your"after dinner" destination. When you're done, you pay your tab. The card keeps track of your transactions. You can also buy a bottle of the wine you enjoyed. I suggest searching on google for cheaper prices and/ or if it's available somewhere in your home town.... before you buy a bottle of anything.
OVERALL EXPERIENCE: 
Five Stars! Wonderful experience and an absolute MUST if you go to NOLA! 
I WILL BE BACK!!!I've said it before but  it needs saying again: I love W.I.N.O. 
Of course we returned here during our latest visit to NOLA. I dream about this place when I'm back home in Boston.
In my opinion, this concept is brilliant.
The "Enomatic" machines allow you to try any number of literally dozens of bottles of wine in the pour size of your choice. It's all done by the push of a button on the machine to which each wine bottle is attached.
You can sample as much or as little as you want of any of the wines.  You can stick to reds, whites, sparkling or mix it all up.
I advise filling the pink plastic payment card you'll be handed, with a set amount of money and using it as a debit to pay for each wine you decide to try.  
You can easily add more money to the card but it's a better way to stay in control of your spending.  
It is ridiculously easy to get carried away here but you'll have fun while doing so. 
If there are wines you find that you love, you can buy them right there by the bottle to take away with you.
Best of all though, is hanging out here, wandering about the place determining which wine you want to try next.  
You're not stuck sitting down in one place if you're more of a mingler which I am.  It provides a great opportunity to talk to other W.I.N.O.-ites.  It's an interactive experience really.
The atmosphere can feel like you're at a wine-tasting party at someone's cool home.
Please do sample some food from the menu too as they have great plates of appetizers that go so well with the wines.
I'm waiting for someone to bring this idea to Boston.  I'd be there all the time.Another review I can't believe I haven't done sooner.  LOVE LOVE LOVE W.I.N.O.!  I have a friend that introduced me to this great place several years ago and I have been a VIP since.  It's a great place to enjoy an excellent wine selection, catch up with friends, and enjoy some lovely snacks if you get hungry.  The olive tapenade is very good as well as the cheese and salami plate (although a bit pricey).  Like the other reviewers have pointed out it is best to not run a tab because you can easily go overboard here without realizing it.
This place is very relaxing and non pretentious.  It allows you to explore wines and even wine drinking fantasies at your own pace and price.This was my favorite spot in New Orleans! We had a great time tasting the wines and ordered cheese off the menu to go with it. We went on a Monday night and largely had the place to ourselves, so that was great. We were able to try a lot of different types of wine, and the tab was much smaller than we expected. They have a variety of different price points. Such a great concept for a wine bar!I've been to wine tasting in South Africa and it was great. Hoever at WINO an a excellent variety... Cheese Platter is amazing... love the wife, atmosphere, service, and cheese... We wished there would have been more explanation than the ones written. .. overall great... :)We had a good experience at WINO and I feel like it is all about that, the experience. It can be very pricey to taste multiple wines but it is also a great place to experiment and try wines you normally couldn't or wouldn't at a restaurant. Nonetheless, it is a fun experience using the personal credit card and getting lost in the sea of different reds, whites, and sparklings. They have a small space but it has a great ambiance which includes a small plates menu available on top of their extensive wine selections. It's definitely something worth trying.Fun place to try a nice selection of wines from all over the world.  There's a few pricey ones that are fun to splurge because you'd never buy the whole bottle. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Small plates are tasty and reasonably priced.  If I had discovered this place earlier in my trip, I would have gone multiple times.Stumbled upon this place not because I was drunk (sadly) but we were walking back to our hotel from Cochon.  Upon entering, I saw bottles on bottles on bottles of wine lining the room.  An employee, Stevie (I'm pretty sure that's her name) kindly greeted us and thoroughly explained the process of tasting the wines.  She was so very nice and friendly that I couldn't refuse to try out the wine tasting process.  For me, I love variety, and this place gave me the perfect opportunity to try out favorites (sweet wines) as well as $100+ wines that I would never, ever desire to purchase (unless it tasted like the sweat of angels).  I am no wine expert.  When it comes to alcohol, I will drink anything that will get me drunk with the least caloric intake and minimal hangover the next day.  Yes, I am still in this phase of my life and probably will be forever.  But I suppose that if I wanted to refine my taste and try to get some class some day, I would come here to discover my inner wino deep, deep, deep down inside me.  If only I didn't have to take 2 plane rides and a taxi to get here!
It was fun to walk around the shop, read the descriptions, press the buttons, and have the wines pour out like I was filling up at a soda fountain.  Five stars for the novel experience, and for leaving tipsy after only 4 pours!What a great find. We spent an afternoon there and sampled many wines that are available by the glass. They have many cruvinets and have about 80-90 wines by the glass. You get a credit card and get charged for each sample, then pay when you leave. You can also get wines to go by the bottle. Knowledgable but not stuffy. Nice cheese and charcuterie paltes as well for an additional charge. Recommended.I had been scoping this place out for a couple of weeks looking for some fun things to do with my mom while home for the Christmas holidays. So with great anticipation, we dropped by the Wine Institute to check it out. There were some really great things about this place... but there were also some not so great things that made the experience fall just a bit flat. 
Conceptually, I love this idea. What a great way to offer people the opportunity to try wine varietals from around the world - splendid! To boot, a fellow by the name of Bart was working that day - what a great job he did, very attentive. The location in the city's Warehouse district is really accessible and the building...well, it has that gorgeous exposed brick on the inside that you find all over NOLA and is one of my favorite things about the city.
So why only three stars? Well, because with such a cool concept, this place could be oh so much more. That's because in general, I believe great wine doesn't have to be expensive. Unfortunately, the Wine Institute does not demonstrate this. Instead, their sampling of 120 wines are more of what one might consider special occasion wines rather than wines one might pick to go with a weekday dinner. And with their tastings ranging from around $1.50-3.50 per wine on average, your tasting experience begins to add up quickly. I would have preferred that the Wine Institute would live up to its name by showing people that there are lots of great wines in the $10-20 range in addition to much more pricey vino. It would have also been nice to deduct our tasting charge from the bottle purchase. Oh well. Nonetheless, we had a great time all in all, and I would recommend it to others just once for the experience. Just don't go in search of your weekly allotment.