While we did only eat here because of our very late arrival after a long day of travelling, the service was great and the food was much better than expected. We ordered chicken fingers and expected small, frozen, over-cooked crap. But we got huge, juicy, properly cooked real chicken. The bartender also recommended a drink that is now my husband's favorite. While I would not go out of my to eat here, especially while in NOLA, it works when in a pinch.Quick, fun.... Great place to watch the game and an amazing beer selection.... Casual & great with kids! I'll be backI was down in New Orleans for vacation, and found that the only reason anyone would go to WOW Cafe is if they were traveling and didn't know better. We sat for a good amount of time before anyone acknowdged our existence and the place was empty to begin with. I think we ended up not really having a server, but more the less having staff happen to stop by if we were making it obvious we needed something. The food was TERRIBLE on a very confused menu. In the heart of New Orleans I bought a fried shrimp po-boy, and it was the worst thing I've ever put in my mouth. That is the only time I have ever sent food back at a restaurant out of sheer misery due to eating it. The friar oil must have been months old. Talk about a place that takes no pride in its work. It looked clean though. You get one star for that.As we sat at the bar talking to Mike my wife and I didn't know what we were going to have for dinner the following night. My wife enjoys steaks and I enjoy seafood. Well, this is when Mike went above and beyond - I travel week after week for work and in my 15 years of traveling I've never experienced anything like what Mike did for us. He offered to make us a special dinner. We were in New Orleans for our 14 year wedding anniversary and weather was not cooperating. WOW did Mike deliver. He made my wife NY strip steak and shrimp and crawfish boil for me which wasn't even on the menu. Mike had spent the day getting the items for the boil and making sure he fulfilled our request.  Best experience at any restaurant ever. If you are in the area and want to avoid the business tourist locations and want to have something tasty Mike is your guy or stop in see Mike for a drink.Our whole rack of ribs was so delicious!! But the service was pretty slow. Server was really nice but seemed a little stressed. Maybe they were short handedHungry after leaving the Pelicans game this restaurant was not far from where we were staying.  Prices definitely more than Buffalo Wild Wings, however their wings are meatier and larger.  This place is ok for what it offered wings and bar food.  This restaurant us located in a doubletree hotel, it had so nice modern look.  We tried the Cajun wings just ok.  Their buffalo wings just ok, although their blue cheese appeared fresh.  Favorite wings where the chili mustard Chinese wings.  All n all this place is what you would expect from a wings place.It was a rainy night and Wow is next door to our hotel. We sat down in Wow and I looked at the reviews. I almost left. From the start the service was excellent . This was in direct contrast to the reviews. The waitress was very attentive as well as the maître D . They were polite and engaging . 
The food was okay nothing special but substantial . I had the ribs they were well prepared and the half slab was filling. My wife had the fried shrimp PO Boy and that was good too. 
We stayed dry and were happy we stayedService was horrible. Took 10 mins for somebody to notice us. Then after ordering drinks, took another 5 mins. And waiter never came and checked on us other than the exception of bringing the food. I don't ever plan on eating here again.This establishment should not even exist. One of the worst customer service I've ever encountered. The server was beyond rude, the place was under staffed, it was just huge mess. We walked out after waiting for our food for more than half an hour, the server was unapologetic and didn't care. Please stay away from this restaurant.Do yourself a favor and walk a block or two down the road. The food here was all reheated processed crap.  The wings had a good flavor, but the first batch came out undercooked, and the second batch was burned.I wish there was a way to leave less than one star. We visited this cafe last night and we were not happy with the service. First, my daughter was given the wrong soft drink and the waiter did not believe me when I told him it wasn't correct. We ordered an appetizer when we arrived and received it after about 30 minutes. When we ordered our meals, we asked for it to go. This took an additional 40 minutes which is completely ridiculous. I left a 20% tip as I always do but I wish I would have checked the boxes before leaving the tip. We arrived home to find 1 item missing and the food was beyond cold. The mac and cheese did not have a taste at all. The grilled chicken was bland, cold, and had a bitter taste. The grilled vegetables were disgusting. I'm glad that everyone else had wings because it would be hard to mess that up. Will not visit again! The waiter was nice but the food prep time and cooking was horrible.This is the worst restaurant I've ever been to in my life. We had to wait 20mins to get menus. We had to wait 45 minutes for water. I had to get up to get our drinks from the bar after 30mins of waiting. It was 6 of us, they brought out 3 people's food after 90 minutes and brought the rest 2hrs later. 
I've eaten at soooooo many places and I just need you guys to know this is hands down the WORST. 
And the food was trash! Wings were soft , cheese on the nachos not melted, TRASH. 
Never come here please.If I could give it zero stars, I would! The manager was beyond rude, the servers didn't know who was serving us and who wasn't. It was a terrible experience - forever wait times, unorganized, and the wings and all the food were cold and old. I will never go back. And to think this was the first time in New Orleans for my bachelorette party!I used to go to Wow on Magazine and never had a bad experience.  I like their fried pickles and their chicken tenders are great.  
We went to the one downtown and it was a huge mistake.  I ordered boneless wings and they were horrible.  
They were overdone and it was obvious from looking at them they were sitting under heat lamps for quite a while before they were served.  As soon as the food was dropped at my table I looked at my plate and honestly it looked disgusting.  I asked for the manager and it was pretty clear that they were overdone/had been sitting for a while as the buffalo sauce was caked on the chicken.  He didn't seem to think there was a problem.  Well, he clearly hasn't been in management very long because it's not rocket science to know that a dish doesn't look like it's supposed to.
Spare yourself and do not go here.  There are plenty of places to get awesome wings, Wow is not one of them.
Edit: I should add they did make me new ones, but by the time they came out my fiancee was done eating (seriously, how long does it take to make wings?) I was so put off by the manager and the slow service I didn't even want to eat them.I had a wonderful experience at this restaurant. The staff was friendly and very welcoming. We ordered the shanghai shrimp poboy with mac n chz, the wings half of the Thai peanut and half jerk, the spinach au gratin, and the southwest egg rolls. The food was amazing! Fast and delicious. I would definitely come again. I highly recommend this place to anyone in the mood for really good food at a great price.Three stars, because the omelet bar and fresh fruit at breakfast made for a decent meal in the morning. The breakfast buffet is a little pricey at $19 but this is a hotel restaurant, so that's to be expected. There's a cheaper continental breakfast buffet, but the oatmeal they had on offer was like glue. 
Lunch and dinner wasn't great. Being a vegetarian I chose the black bean veggie burger. It was just ok. The same patties you could buy at the market, a big soft bun, melted cheese, some tomato, pickle chips and some limp lettuce. Inexplicably, they put *two* veggie patties on the burger. With the fries, it's a lot of food. I have a big appetite and I can't eat that much. I took one patty off and it went to waste. For the money I'd rather have had a free dipping sauce or a little side salad. 
The burger tasted all right and the fries were good, not too greasy, but the whole meal was way too salty. I think they must dump a good amount of salt on the burger while it's grilling. Wish they'd dial it back. 
Service was friendly but occasionally confused, as when my full cups of coffee and water got bused from the table when I got up for my first trip to the buffet at breakfast!
Overall: you're in a city of amazing restaurants. Eat at Wow if you're staying at the Doubletree and convenience is the most important factor. Otherwise, there's no reason to come here!Went during Mardi Gras and I am satisfied because while other cafes took forever to bring out the order they were quick. The wings were so delicious. I will be going back when I visit New Orleans again.I loved this place! I ordered the crab cake special and the portion was so large I could only finish half. The manager was amazing. So knowledgable and kind. He even let me torch my own creme brûlée! My family all loved their meals also. Our waiter was very friendly to top it all off. Definitely recommend.This place was delicious, the service is a little slow but I guess the food makes it worth the wait. It's a little expensive but as expected for Canal St in NOLA.I'm stuck in the doubletree for 2 weeks and working 10 hr days this place was convienent.  I've eaten here 4 times in last 3 days.  Service had been good, food was average but ok.  Woman with tatoos was rude all days but others were ok.  Tonight was a nightmare.  Piss poor service with the attitude.  Saw my waitress once.  No refill on drink and i was there an hour.  Passed my table numerous times.  Took over 15 min after i got check and i had to go up to pay.  Not many tables and sufficient staff so no excuse.  First time in my life i left under 20%.  Left $2 tip on $24 tab and i overtipped.  Go to mcdonalds at least you'll get what you paid for.We ate here for dinner one night simply because we were staying at the hotel and didn't have time to go elsewhere.  My expectations were extremely low given that many hotel restaurants are overpriced and low quality, and that the Yelp reviews are pretty abyssmal.  That said, my experience was not as bad as I was expecting and was actually better than our experience at Daisy Duke's a couple nights previous.
My husband and younger stepson had wings, which they said were ok.  Older stepson had a chicken sandwich that he said was "eh".  I had the asian shrimp po-boy which, though it couldn't compare at all to the delicious one I had at Commerce the previous day for lunch, was not terrible.  The mac & cheese was pretty standard fare, nothing gourmet but certainly edible.  Our server was friendly and efficient and our wait was not long.
The meals were overpriced for what you get, but not in comparison to most nearby restaurants.  10% off coupons are actually not to hard to acquire.
It's absolutely not a destination.  Don't go out of your way to come here.  If I had much choice I wouldn't waste a meal in a foodie city like New Orleans eating mediocre pub food.  But, if you're staying in the hotel on business and you just need a quick bite and don't feel like going out in the heat or waiting in long lines, it works.We ordered the onion ring appetizer and nachos. Both disappointing. Nachos were ice cold and if there were 5 opinions rings on the plate, I would be surprised. Food was eh. Service was slow.WOW is the perfect name.  Rice was under cooked, lemon seed in crab cake.  Everything was mediocre.  Should have looked on Yelp for reviews. AVOID!Service here leaves much to be desired. Have been here several times and service is slow no matter if it is slow or busy. Each time I have been here they have been out of a menu  item. After I waited  20 minutes for a brownie a la mode I was told that they ran out of ice cream. Be prepared to wait at least a half hour for your food.They were showing the Texans game here, so that's a huge plus. Food and drinks are always good, I have zero complaints about that. It's basically bar food with a gourmet twist, wings are pretty bomb, as well as their ribs! Bartender hooks it up, but since he's the only one, and during football season it gets packed, takes him awhile to prepare. Wait service however, really bad. The waiter was cool and all, but seems like you're bothering him when you order more of something. Food took over an hour to come out, but the cook actually came to apologize for that due to a computer malfunction, which is definitely ok, as long as you keep the drinks coming! Definitely needs more staff.Don't do it!  Slow service. Toast not toasted. Overcooked potatoes. Very small amount of Canadian bacon. Corn and shrimp bisque was good.Less than mediocre. The only good thing about this restaurant is the sauces or flavors they carry for the wings and even then it's not worth me coming babk. 
In addition to the wings, I ordered the catfish platter. Which was underwhelming as well. I was worried that the Yelpers before me were just being dramatic and didn't give this place an honest chance. But unfortunately it's true. The food and the service sucks.This place was a great meeting place to grab some beer, wings and watch the Super Bowl.  We ducked in to get a bite to eat and we ordered many different kind of wings.  I don't know about you all but I like me wings a bit crispy. They were cooked pretty dang good. Ordered different kinds and I can't say I was disappointed. I didn't catch my waiters name, I might have to go back there to get his name, he was on time,  attentive and was there to take any orders that we had. I love the service you get from the wait staff here in New Orleans.  I WOULD go back there again.Service was poor unprofessional.  I was told sit at anywhere I like.  No one brought me menu for long time.  Finally someone asked me if I need a menu.   I asked for to go gumbo and a side dish, when the waiters brought over two tiny cups of food, I was speechless.  She knew I was ordering a dinner not two side dishes.   I did not even bother to make any comment.  I should took previous reviewers advice.Service was horrible.  The young guy was trying to be nice but fell miserably short.  Bartender said someone will be with you soon and 15 minutes while I watched ESPN the guy shows up and asked if I wanted something to drink.  After finally getting a beer I ordered wings and gumbo.  Nothing to write home about but slightly less that average.  1 hour into it I finally got out of there and as I left the cook shows up with the Texas toast that I was supposed to get with my meal.  Is avoid this place.This place can easily be a four star on yelp with some better quality ingredients.   The service was pretty good, and fir a small hotel restaurant they have 20 beers on tap that's a huge win in my books.  The beer selection is a little deceiving though, because they have four on tab at the bar and the rest behind the bar.  So be sure to check out the full options.
I got the quesadilla for brunch with a pretty wicked hang over, and the cheese was extremely bland.  The quesadilla overall was in the extreme lyrics bad catagory, and the manager needs to look into some betters quality cheese.  I would suggest looking at a burger though.   My friends said that they were excellent.Great service, great bartender. Drinks are very tasty as well. Highly recommend this place for a cool environment and good conversation.Waited 15 before asking how long it would take to be served.   Short handed was the excuse.  I am from New Orleans so I was surprised, when I was served thick gumbo that consisted of red beans and large chunks of potatoes.  It seems that they had combined red beans and stew with the gumbo.  I sent it back and they appeared to have corrected the problem.  Appeared is the key word, it was worst and they missed a few beans.  
Don't waste your time there today, it's still Halloween .
Uck!Not a bad late-night stop, my friend and I walked in from the casino and straight out to the bar. The bartender, Lindsey, was very friendly and quick to get us our drinks and menus. Mini was well-rounded and had plenty of options. I had a chicken Caesar and my friend had a burger. He was not necessarily impressed with the burger, but my chicken Caesar, blackened, had a nice flavor to it.
Bar had a decent selection of draft beers to include local brews. 
All in all, a decent experience with friendly waitstaff and bartenders. Nothing incredible about the food but everything you should expect from such place.Took an hour to get my bill and a box.  I waved at my waitress and went to the bar. Thought it'd be a quick meal in my hotel after a long day traveling, worst experience ever.I'm really not sure why it is called the Wow Cafe because it certainly does not Wow. This Wow was in our hotel so I went down for breakfast one morning and literally sat there for 15 minutes with no one coming over. Granted, they were busy, but still...
I walked over to PJ's coffee and came back to sit down at my table and still, nothing. I finally just grabbed a plate and went to the hot bar and grabbed some eggs and toast and sat back down. When I was done with my meal, the server came over and apologized and asked what I wanted. 
Really? My check. I just finished my meal and you didn't even know it. Good think I am somewhat of a nice person because I clearly could have left without him even knowing it. 
The Wow Cafe does not wow,  skip it!If a snail and the service in this place were in a race, the snail would look like Usain Bolt!! The food was decent, well, the sweet potato fries were bomb with the "Canadian sauce" two thumbs. The wings were cooked all the way through, no pink at the bone, bonus for that.
To sum it up, sweet potato fries yes, wings probably, service--------oooh NoooooooThe first time we ate here, It was a bit uncoordinated with buffet items being cold and in short supply. We were assured by the host that they were short staffed and overwhelmed.  This visit, we came later in the morning to avoid the rush (it's in the hotel lobby), the service was a bit better.  Stars are the grill cook who made omelets perfectly on both visits and the host (who readily talked about everything new orleans).  However, I still had to scrape cold pancakes out of the bottom of the pan on the buffet and had to ask for syrup  (five awkward minutes of searching....shouldn't it be in sight of the pancakes?? Or on the table?) The servers, while polite, seem tired.  This was our hotel for the entire stay, and it is the same waitstaff, so it's not like they can give them days off or breaks.....I guess.  They charge 18 dollars for the small breakfast buffet, so you do expect something for the price tag.  Kudos to the veteran grill cook and the outgoing hosts that kept our visit's welcoming.  With all the many places to eat in New Orleans, the rest of the place could have tried harder.Don't go here to eat. The honey bbq boneless wings are disgusting and so is the Mac and cheese. So grossI ended up trying this place because I stayed in the hotel that was nearby. It ended up being a mistake. I ordered the Redondo Burger and had a draft beer. It took forever for my food to arrive. Nobody came around to refill either. It seems that the restaurant was very understaffed. When my food arrived, it was ok. It also took long to get my ticket to check out too. I would think twice before returning here.RUN AWAY! 
I am reviewing the restaurant only...
The food was awful ,had the rib combo. Boiled fatty ribs with cold sauce plopped on top not even covering the white fatty meat . No grill marks . The best part of the meal was the cold old French fries . 
The service was fair we "dined" in the bar area.WOW = wait on waiting. Apologies, this is the best I could come up in sarcastic fit of disappointment. 
I approached a waiter if I needed to wait to be seated or seat myself. Please seat yourself and I will be with you momentarily was his response. I seated myself and thus the waiting began. I tapped out after 15 minutes. Just wasn't in the mood to beg someone to serve me a meal for which I would be paying.  One and done. WOW! You lost a customer.My fiancee and I were in town for the essence music festival and woke up hungry one morning looking for breakfast. Seeing that everything was full, we decided to try out this place here. I saw the word "cafe" in the title and figured there'd be some variety there, but it was basically just a wing spot. The food was ok to say the least, but this place lost stars with me for a couple of reasons: There was a sign up for a particular beer that I wanted, but for some reason...the beer was unavailable. Then when I decided on something they had on tap, the server brought the beer to me. The upsetting part of this was that there was a dead fly sitting on the foamy head of the beer. I immediately told him to take it back. Then come to find out that when I asked for the bill, he had the nerve to have the beer on the bill. I will definietley be walking past this place the next time I'm in New Orleans.PASSSSS on this place!!! Service? HORRIBLE..had to hunt down waiter anytime I needed anything.. Food.. HORRIBLE... Tastes like frozen food cooked in a microwave... But not hot. Attitude of staff:: HORRIBLE.. like we were imposing on them. Tables were dirty..Went one night while in town, experience was bad.. Thought anyone can have an off night. Went again, even worse experience . I would be happier loosing my entire paycheck at the casino next door. Cant believe its tied to a Hilton Hotel. Avoid this place and go to wAFFLE House.. At least your expectations won't be high.Ok.....is the management even reading these reviews?? If you are why is nothing changing?? Horrible, horrible service!!! Slow, slow, slow!!! I've eaten there 3 times in the last 3 days. 3 strikes, your out!!!Our server John was great. But we were extremely Frustrated to watch 6-7 other employees stand sound, talking LOUDLY while we waited for service. Our server was working his ass off but was the only one. He even has to squeeze thru the other employees to get to his table. When we first arrived, we asked to sit in the dining room (vs the bar) but was told it was closed. Then after an elderly couple was sat in there, we moved to the dining room. Food took awhile and suddenly everyone started working !! Then what looked like a manager then what looked like the chef came out so everyone started working - for a few minutes anyway. My husband had the burger that was super flavorful. I had the blackened snapper that was ok. The tartar sauce looked like ranch. We appreciate John but would not return.Went here two years ago on the last day of Jazzfest and was pretty disappointed. 
There is something really off about their wings. They almost taste metallic or game-y like they use very very cheap hormone-injected chicken. Beer was flat also, which may not be their fault but the second glass was just as flat so I gave up and had a whiskey neat.
Blech - not a good choice in a city with so many food choices.Great service, great food. Every time I come, even when they're slammed, they treat me like family. Highly recommend the wings and all the sauces!I have enjoyed the excellent food and service by Liz at the WOW bar twice now. Grilled shrimp salad was perfect after days of crazy expensive restaurants. I crave another one. Better than going home for dinner, Liz know how to make her customers feel special.
Next visit I greatly enjoyed the blacked fish with garlic red potatoes and the best thinly sliced veggies ever. What are you waiting for?!You're better off eating the cookies given out for free by the hotel. The manager--well, some dude in a chef's vest--told us to wait about 10 minutes so a table could clear. He offered to take our order while we waited so when we got a table, our wait for the food would be very short. So 45 minutes AFTER we were sat, we finally get our food.
I ordered a burger and it came with lettuce, pickles (under the cheese), meat and cheese and that's it.  No tomato. No onion. No mayo or mustard. It was sad. Bigly. There was no point in asking someone "hey where's the rest of my burger" because no waitstaff had our table! 
Let's finish that last line with this--we are ready to get our check and NO ONE has it. We asked 3 waitstaff and they had no idea. The bartender lady--who is loud but cool--even tried to use her CSI: Miami skills to play detective and figure out who our server was. Still nothing. We could have left without paying and they wouldn't have noticed. (But we didn't.)
If you've got 47 hours to waste, then go ahead and eat here.Typical bar fare in a typical bar atmosphere. I was seated quickly and attended to quickly. I asked my server (a 20-something guy) for a suggestion and he suggested the 1/2 rack of ribs with Mac n cheese. I went with that. 
It took a very long time for my food to appear. The server apparently went to check on my dish (without my promoting) and came to my table with chips and salsa declaring that the kitchen lost my ticket and he didn't want me to wait too long without food. 
The dish also came with coleslaw and toast (?). The toast was out of place and unnecessary and the coleslaw was "eh". Decent but not wonderful. The ribs were falling off the bone - well cooked but not overdone. The Mac n Cheese was made with penne pasta and a creamy cheese. It had a slightly tinny flavor but was pretty good. Not the best I've ever had but good for sports bar food. The server was attentive and efficient. My bill for the meal (I had water to drink) was $15.35 pre-tipGot some coffee from this place and I guess I could say I had better as far as the restaurant side I still need to try.I have to start with the reason I have only provided 3 stars.  It is mainly because I did not eat at the cafe but instead enjoyed ambiance and drinks in the bar.  Was impressed that the GM was bartending and when I asked why, he mentioned that he was holding out for the right person.  In the mean time, he didn't seem detached but instead was such a great conversationalist and made really great drinks.  Everyone in the bar really enjoyed being there and I have to admit, the ambiance was great!  People were very friendly and talkative instead of being completely adolescent wasted.  Big plus for me.  Keep up the good work Wow Cafe!Worst breakfast experience ever! Where do I begin?   Son got the breakfast buffet,  and I ordered eggs Benedict.  His scrambled eggs were "disgusting" as he says.  
I got to wait 45 minutes due my breakfast.  The order cane out wrong AND STONE COLD! Manager said he'd get them re-done "on the fly" and would take care of it on the bill. Which was nice.  But 30 minutes later and STILL no eggs Benedict. Asked the waiter to check,  don't know what he's doing. 
Literally watched the table next to us turn 3 times. 
Leaving with just coffee and nibbles of my and son's wilted bacon leftovers. Heading to McDonald's on the way to the airport because we can't wait any longer. 
Complete breakfast failure.In town for no reason at all, a few fellow Redskins fans and I decided to catch the game. There were 8 of us. We walked the French Quarter for an hour to no avail. Finally we stumble on Wow and we're surprised to see the place relatively empty with plenty of seating and several TVs. Hoorah! As I looked around, I noticed the Redskins game was not on even though there were plenty of TVs. I was then told that the manager refused to change to our channel even though there were few competing patrons there. In comes Corey to save the day!!!!! This big teddy bear of a host made sure he found us a private space and got our game, on promto. He waited on us hand and foot and apologized profusely. He should be made the manager! I'm grateful good customer service is alive and well. Thanks again Corey!!!!! The three stars were given because the food is just average.I was afraid after reading the reviews but turned out not bad. We had salad, burger, chicken fingers and wrap. Everything was good.  Service was good, didn't take too long for food but they were not busyhorribly rude wait staff, asked to change the tv to an nfl game and pulled the menu up and never changed it, when asked about it, vana, the bartender was so rude to us and everyone else. we were ignored by so many members of the wait staff, sat with empty glasses half
of the meal, and then on top of it, our food was wrong. this place couldn't get anything right and vana was the most rude bartender i've ever seen, to customers and to her fellow employees. DO NOT GO HERE.This cafe is right across the street from where I work. The first time I ate there, it was fine. The waitress was prompt and our food was good. However, it got progressively worse. The wait staff is slow, with the exception of the bartenders, who looked to be overwhelmed by the amount of work.  In fact, the last time I was there, the wait staff was standing around, interested in their phones than the customers, who were waiting to order.
My last order was a salad to go. It took 25 minutes to get my salad, and the restaurant was barely full. When I got back to the office, and looked at it, most of it was barely edible. The greens were looked like they were on the verge of spoiling. The chicken looked like it came out of a prepackage box. It looked like the cooks just dumpster dived for my ingredients. This costed me $13?!!
The only good thing about this restaurant is the bar. If you want a drink, then I would highly recommend it. If it is for food, save your money and go to the Japanese place next door.
The only time I will return is when I am extremely desperate. I will go to the nasty food court before I go there.Ended up here on an LSU game night when everywhere on Fulton Street was packed.  It's kind of an odd location because they can use their restaurant space and the hotel dining space across the hall to seat customers.  They also get all the food delivered from what I suppose is the hotel kitchen in another part of the building rather than that kitchen being next to the dining area.  Some of the food even comes out with the silver covers over it like room service.
Anyway, despite the unusual functioning of the restaurant, the food was much better than the other WOW I've been to.  We had onion rings that were well seasoned and a large portion.  The tenders with sauce were really good--way more food for the price when compared to their wings.   The side of macaroni and cheese was mediocre, but not inedible.
In general, you won't find anything special here, but on a pretty busy night the service was good and the food was as expected.  We would come back.Just ate breakfast here: Wow Benedict. Andouille sausage on top of French bread, and two hard boiled eggs, smothered in Hollandaise and side of hash browns. Yes, hard boiled eggs. Did I miss that on the description? Ok, it's my fault I didn't think to make reservations at the two restaurants that had lines going out the door.Stay Away!
My Wife and I have eaten at serval WOW's with usually favorable outcomes... but this by far was the WORST experience ever.  The ambiance is weird to say the least, the wings were soggy and cold, I was charged $4 for 10(I counted) cold french Fries, and $20 for a pitcher of local NOLA beer.(the Brewery is literally less than a mile away).  We ordered 2 small pitchers, a dinner salad, a medium order of wings, and fries.  $85 ticket! What the Heck! I could have eaten at commanders palace for that! Stay away from this location, I usually like WOW food, but this was TERRIBLE!So I'm sitting at the end of my dining experience writing this review... Here is how it began.... Walked into the establishment and asked the bartender if they were still serving food. His response was "unfortunately" and left me standing there not knowing if my family of 5 could or could not stay to eat. Then my dad came up and asked the bartender again if we could sit and have food and he replied "I told her yes already" extremely rude. I know it's Mardis Gras but we aren't all drunk idiots coming off the street. So we sat and our waitress took decent care of us. Ordered 5 burgers and an order of wings. However it look 35-40 min for our food thank goodness when it arrived it was  at least edible. Buns were fresh and the wings were nice and meaty. When the meal was over we asked for our check which took another 15 min and came to find that they added gratuity for our party of 5 and charged us for refills of two sodas!! Sad to say we were a little disappointed but glad our bellies were full but we aren't sure if our food was spat in or not.Drove by and saw this place attached to the Double Tree near Harrah's and I'm glad we did. Got the Kentucky fried chicken wrap, the blackened chicken sandwich and the fried chicken sandwich. The meal was to-go and it was hot and seasoned right when we got back to the hotel. The chicken breasts were thick, juicy and seasoned just right. Fries were crisp and the ranch dip was very good. TV screens around the restaurant to catch most games on this night. Great service!I'm usually against hotel restaurants because they tend to be overpriced and poorly ran. This was not the case.
After being at a conference all day, I wanted something convenient and reasonably priced in comparison to convention center food. This place did not disappoint. The service was great, the menu selection is big and I balanced a slightly higher class appetizer with the traditional chicken tenders and french fries. Both of my choices tasted great. 
We went right at lunch time and got one of the last available tables, they were accommodating and apologetic to the people who had to wait and even though the place was packed, my diet coke never got below half empty.Great food and good location near hotel and casino.  Red beans and rice was my favorite.Came here for a quick bite....not quick at all. We waited 45 to an hour for our food, which was chicken so it doesn't take long to prepare. And it wasn't even like there was no servers or too much business. They had two servers and a manager there but they basically ignored us until we were unhappy. The manager blamed the weather for the delay...is the kitchen outside? Would not recommend this place at all.The worst place yet that I've been too in Nola. The waitress was a smart a$$ and couldn't get a real simple order straight. Special ordered fry's with no salt and they came out cold. Burger came with no mushrooms or cheese liked I ordered it and the coke was flat. Boo Lisa you should try harder to improve your skills.Came here on our visit to New Orleans. While we hit a lot of great restaurants, many in this same area, this was not one of them. We came specifically to watch football because a lot of the reviews had it, but they said they were not showing games this weekend. Um, what? Disappointing as we are out of town tourists to a place  a friend had recommended us. I had NY strip, and my wife had po 'boy. Might have been worth it if they showed the games, but not worth it without. My steak was dry. We've had better shrimp po boys elsewhere. Yelp the other places within 5 minutes walking distance - much better food, and I think some of them will show football.As I sat there for 20 minutes the waiter walked past our table 15 times, didn't even give us menus until we asked for them. Also never even gave us water. There must have been 8 out of 20 tables full so it wasn't like they were packed. I walked right out, even when it was pouring rain.Friendly staff, great food.  I had the wings, they are plentiful, crisp, hot and yummy.  Beers and booz flowing.I cannot resist buffalo wings and a good drink. So, when my husband and I walked by this place on our way back to our hotel during a visit to NOLA, I knew we had to try it. We went on the first night of Mardi Gras and since they have floor to ceiling windows, we had an awesome view of people walking down to the parade in some crazy and amazing costumes. The service was friendly, but a little slow. It was not very busy and the place actually is not that big, so I am not exactly sure why it was slower than expected, but eh, it was fine. The drinks were huge! I got a margarita and after two of them, I was feeling REAL good. I ordered their hottest wings and yes, they are HOT! They were good, but smaller than expected. They were mini sized wings! Haha! It's cute, but not for what you pay for them. It's almost a dollar a wing! Overall, this place is okay. The food is good, the drinks are good, but for the food you get and the slower service, I think it is a little over-priced. I would come back again.So it's HOT and muggy out, and we're looking for mid afternoon sweet potato fries and cocktails.  Ducked in here, hit the spot.  Hummus was also a surprise - really tasted house made and yummy.
What kicked this super casual sports bar in a hotel place from 3 stars to 4 stars was our server - also the bartender - Lindsey.  She was so so friendly and sweet.  Very quick service, attentive.  :)This the restaurant in my hotel and we had breakfast here because it was convenient. You have a choice of ordering off of the menu, having the full buffet which had hot items or choosing the continental buffet which is cereals, fruit and the like.
They weren't busy at all when we stopped but it still took 10+ minutes to get a server and some coffee. When she finally did stop, she said "Hi, my name is (server name) - let me know if you need anything!" And she walked away. Ummm.... we need to place AN ORDER and need some DRINKS...
Anyway, we both ended up with the continental buffet since we didn't have all day. It was pretty pathetic even as hotel buffets go. Supposedly, there was fresh fruit, but all I saw was tiny containers of strawberries and bananas for cereal. I had to bypass a few bowls in the stack of dishes because they were dirty. 
We never saw our server again - ever. Because we had breakfast vouchers, we just left them on the table and left after waiting around forever. I didn't expect much knowing it's a hotel restaurant and "wingery" (gag) but they still managed to disappoint. 
I'd like to suggest some alternative names for this place:
"Wow! The service is incredibly slow here!"
"Wow! This place sucks even for a hotel restaurant!"
"Wow! You CAN have a bad meal in New Orleans!"
"Wow! The staff here is really great at standing around!"
Just don't go here.They have my favorite tenders in the city. There's a great selection of wing sauces that they creatively use for shrimp and other yummy items on the menu. Refreshing change of pace from the normal wingery chains that I'm used to. They have a bar and lounge as well as patio seating and they're still 100% kid friendly, my 6 year old daughter loves the Blackened Chicken Alfredo. Super flexible when it comes to changing the item you're ordering if you're picky, I always order the Buffalo Wrap but with ranch instead of bleu cheese.Service was not terrible but extremely slow. Came in for a quick bite before work and ended up being 15 minutes late because I waited 20 minutes for the server to process my payment. While eating, three tables walked out because food took too long. Good game day environment but everything is just TOO SLOW!I had a beautiful dinner here tonight, red snapper that was grill with mashed potatoes and seasonal vegetables, all of which was delicious and I thoroughly enjoyed it!  Herman  Was a great server, very attentive well managing to numerous tables, I felt very well taken care of!   After a very long day of travel, it was a pleasure to simply go downstairs in my hotel and find food this good, accommodating service Kala and something on tap that I could actually drink as a person who needs to observe gluten free....Angry Orchard Rose'!The worst food that we had while visiting in New Orleans. Had the nachos, pass unless you like cafeteria chili and movie theater queso. Service was average.Nice place for breakfast on a Monday morning. Close to our hotel. A light and bright atmosphere for a pleasant meal. Ella was our cheerful and efficient server. The food was fresh and very tasty. I recommend this Wow cafe in the Doubletree for breakfast.I'm surprised at the ratings as I had a great experience at this location. The name alone attracted me to see what they had going on inside.  It's located in the heart of New Orleans where it's within walking distance to/from Burbon St and French Quarters.
I came on a weekday morning so I was only one of two customers present. I believe you are able to seat yourself but it could've been that service was a little slow.  Nevertheless, the bar attendant greeted me upon walking in and gave me the option of dining at the bar or table. It's a really cute restaurant with a small outdoor sidewalk eating area. Very petite and cute.  I believe it's a restaurant that's part of a hotel.
I ordered and my food was served shortly after. Everything was really tasty. The main attraction was the customer service. My server was extremely attentive and made sure my food was good.
I will certainly come back to this location the next time I'm in New Orleans!Best wings ever!  Loved the Sabina grilled shrimp salad. Service and atmosphere was awesome!!  Loved the beer selection and different house made sauces. Unique!  I'll be back often.