Peanut butter bacon burger with jalapenos. Holy fucking fuck! Seriously one of the best things I have ever eaten in my whole life. Served alongside loaded baked potato and giant beer? This is how I wish to spend my last moments on Earth.This is NOT a fancy place, and is the quintessential NOLA dive bar in the Quarter. That being said, you cannot or will not have a better burger anywhere. These burgers are beyond fantastic. I LOVE a good burger, and this was a great one. The bartender was also our server, and she was lovely and very cool. I wasnt man enough to try the fascinating peanut butter burger, which she said was good (I have never heard of such a thing!) but went with a classic - mushrooms, bacon, cheddar burger. What a delight. Burger was perfect, toppings were fresh, beer was cold, and the fully loaded baked potato was a great side. One of the best burgers I have ever had in my life. Highest possible recommendation.Dive bar... Dirty, but my GOD the Peanut Butter Burger is LIFE CHANGING and well worth every calorie it has. 
Our bartender had an ulcer and was in a lot of pain... this made our drinks (we were at the bar) come 15 minutes after we ordered the food. The local couple we were with assured us that it was worth it. The Peanut Butter Burger sounded a little odd to me at first but after one bite, I fell deeply in love. It was so good I've decided that I am going to try to attempt my own peanut butter burger at home. 
Chow down with an Abita Strawberry beer and I'd say no matter the cost, it was just plain phenomenal. 
Only thing that knocked a star down was the weird red lighting which can be very off-putting and our bartender. I felt horrible for her, but she needed to go home.Sorry Mama Lovers, but we were very disappointed with our lunch here.  On our trip to New Orleans for New Years, we craved a burger on New Years Day.  After searching our trusted Yelp for reviews and recommendations we decided to hike back into the French Quarter for Yo Mama's burgers.  We arrived about 12:30pm, and went to sit upstairs.  It was packed, but no one was standing waiting, and two seats open at the bar.  We asked if we can just sit and the bartender smiled and said sure, but just be warned it is only me working right now, they'll be a wait.  Waiting is understandable at any highly reviewed joint, so we parked ourselves at the bar.  Looking around the place, then realized everyone must have just sat down, no one had food in front of them... like 20 some people... but I was tired and slightly hungover, and just wanted a coke and a good burger.
After a few minutes we got our cokes and ordered the chili cheeseburger with mac n cheese.  We heard a table behind us complain that they wanted a burger done rare, and she said "sorry, my cook is slammed and all burgers are done med-well right now."  Which we then realized she didn't ask us, and ours would be well too... hmmmm we don't want med-well, but too late.  2 slow refills and 45 minutes later our burger came out.  We were starving and dug in... but all it did was ease the hunger pains. 
The burger was charred on the outside, and had no distinct flavor whatsoever.  The chili was blah (out of can) and just didn't taste that great overall.  Mac n cheese was pretty good though, actually better than the burger.  Stopped about 3/4 way through burger because I ran out of coke, and realized that I had not put any ketchup or mustard on my burger.  Sat for about 5-10 minutes waiting to get her attention for a refill and condiments.  Overall, not a good experience.  It is sad when you can say you've had better burgers at places that aren't even known for burgers...  And living in Chicago, we go out for burgers all the time, at various places, and are rarely disappointed.
The only reason I give 2 stars than 1, is because of the bartender/waitress/bus person all in one behind the bar - she warned us with a smile and continued working a crowded hungry complaining room of people with a smile, by herself.  I give her the extra star that she can wear  like a badge.  
Note to Yo Mamas: You are located in the French Quarter, it is New Years Day, with the Sugar Bowl happening later that day... did you not realize that you would be busy?  Why only one staff?  And with such a limited menu, I think charred burgers isn't going to help you keep your reputation of the best burger in New Orleans.  I would like to give you the benefit of the doubt, and hope that all your staff called in sick and you just tried to make due... but you did not satisfy our burger needs :(On my last visit in February of 2014 the food was excellent as was the service.
This visit was a complete turn around. The burger I ordered was cold and overcooked and my daughters tuna steak that she ordered medium rare was way overdone and dry. Then the bartender was eating her sandwich at the bar in front of us and wasn't washing her hands when handling peoples drinks and food.
Employee meals should be kept in the kitchen.
Disappointing at best.Our first stop in New Orleans and not disappointed! Peanut butter burger is delicious! Perfect amount of bacon (excellent decision to use bacon bits; blends with peanut butter well), and the peanut butter isn't over whelming. Great combo of sweet and salty, recommend for lunch, dinner, or a hangover cure to soak up the debauchery of bourbon street.In the aftermath of hurricane Issac, suffering from a touch of "cabin fever", lack of electricty, and eating canned food, I made my way to The Quarter to charge my phone and search for a hot, comforting cheeseburger. I decided to give Yo Mama's another shot based solely on its proximity to the coffee shop where I charged my phone. I say this because, truthfully, I've never been crazy about Yo Mama's. To me, it's always just been ok and I've always preferred "that other famous burger place". (And, yes, I've tried the peanut butter bacon burger.....I found it to be dry and it made me thirsty.) BUT, I'm here to say now that my last visit changed my opinion. I had a bacon cheddar burger with a loaded potato and enjoyed every last bit of it. Guilt free. With a couple of cocktails. The burger was cooked well done, but still juicy. Wasn't over seasoned and tough as I have previously found their burgers to be.  And it was served on a fresh bun. Perfect. The potato could have been hotter, but, eh........it didn't stop me from eating it. That burger was the highlight of a shitty week and I'll definitely go back when the craving strikes again. In fact, writing this made me want one now.......enjoyed their burgers! pretty darn good. they also have talls for draft beer which is prob about 32 oz or beer for $10 so not a bad deal. waitress/bartender was pretty nice overall. (purple hair girl)Came here on a Thursday night and split a Texas BBQ and Bull Fighter burger with my girl. The food was amazing and the sides of baked potato and Mac n cheese were just as good. As a bar hard to tell on a Thursday but the staff was helpful to outsiders with info.Local and regular customer who always takes good care of bartenders and waitresses , couldn't order food because didn't have id with him. Since when you have to be over 21 to eat ?This place was recommended by a server at the Old Absinthe House (thank you, Jess!). Extensive tequila selection, good pours by the servers, but above all, one of the best burgers in New Orleans (no offense, Port of Call). I had the peanut butter and bacon burger, which sounds bad, but is in fact really tasty. A light coating of peanut butter, a mound of crumbled bacon on top, and under it all, a juicy, medium (actually medium, not just "not well done") nice sized burger. The side was a baked potato instead of fries, which was a nice change. Definitely going back to try some of their other stuff. Friendly wait staff, too!I never would have survived New Orleans without this place. The bartender was awesome & talked Southern Gothic literature with me, which automatically endeared her in my heart. I didn't try the peanut butter burger (don't care for peanut butter) but the burger I had was phenomenal! I highly recommend to everyone.Yo Mama's is now Port St. Peter. Same menu, same location. Same amazing peanut butter burger! As of 4/22/2016.The eternal (yelper) question: Does this- insert iconic establishment- even need another review, when they already have X hundred reviews? To this I say, uh, yeah they do. You can never have too many positive reviews. Plus I look at it as a note to myself upon returning (ie, see my note below).
Yo Mama's is one of those places that was always on my itinerary when I'd visit NOLA. Truthfully, though, once I moved here, I have not been back since yesterday. And I also had only drank here, back in the days before they even had veggie burgers. 
So, it had been a long day of drinking and no eating. A parade day... By 6, or was it 7 or 8pm, I was really feeling it. I hate being hungry in the French Quarter because I don't have tons of options here (that aren't dress-up places, that is). I remembered Yo Mama's famed burger list and immediately was craving some crazy veggie burger piled high with whatever other crazy concoction they could come up with and insisted we make an immediate beeline (er, crooked, inebriated beeline). My friends and I were relieved to find an empty booth and slid on in. I love the atmosphere here-- just a cozy FQ bar with all kinds of characters hanging around. I remembered the bartenders always being pretty damn nice and that still holds true. You might have to wait a bit for service, but that's how it goes and it's never too long. The bartender also waits the tables. Something to keep in mind. 
While the veggie burger here isn't anything special, the way it's dressed up makes a plain girl into a vixen. And that giant baked potato is her perfect not-to-be ignored accessory (you can get these all dressed up too, if you'd like!) I had the Mexican version with salsa, avocado and jalapeños. While I agreed to have it dressed, I think next time I'll have them leave off the mayo because it didn't go with the salsa at all (that's my note to self, in case you were wondering). The baked potato is perfect, by the way. 
Drinks are cheap and good. I'm glad that I have another go-to for a cheap, casual and quick meal when crawling the Quarter.Enjoyed our burgers!  Variety of burgers to choose from and the sides were good, as well.  Good pours on our drinks.  Good, fresh and the bar ladies very nice.I walked there for lunch with two coworkers.  I was skeptical because I've never heard of the place...
Yes, this place is a whole in the wall but a nice change from the crowded restaurants in the CBD.  
I had the Little(?) Mama - perfect choice.  Quarter pound of fresh grilled ground meat...  I chose the baked potato for the side...  both were excellent.
The only drawback is that since it is a bar/grill, smoking is allowed.  
I'd go back and will certainly recommend.
There are very few seats so go early.It's a pretty chill spot. it's a nice bar and has some solid gumbo. Try the alligator sausage appetizer- tastes just like chicken ;)4 words. Peanut. Butter. Bacon. Burger. Traveled to NOLA in June with a friend and this was probably my favorite stop! We pretty much ate and drank our way though that city and this was the best spot. I love a good dive bar so I was in heaven. We had gotten a recommendation and had to go try the peanut butter bacon burger.  Literally one of the (if not the) best burger I have ever had! Amazing food, fun/friendly staff, and a funky atmosphere. If you couldn't get this from the name...this is not the place for you if you are seeking fine dining. It is rough around the edges in the best way possible. 
They have good comfort food sides for you to custimize your meal we got loaded potato (delicious) and mac and cheese (nothing special but yummy).  I will be returning whenever I am back in NOLA!Food good.  Rediculously long time to get food.  Then staff says busy and no one on either floor is eating.   Then they threaten if you try to before food is delivered after waiting more than hour.I loooove the divey atmosphere here and the old tunes on the jukebox makes me feel like easy rider. The prices are reasonable and the burgers are amazing. I could finish mine! My date got the mushroom burger & said it was one of the best he ever had. My peanut butter burger was delicious. The loaded baked potato was huge! They aren't stingy with the toppings. The burger joint up the street had a BBQ burger for around 16? This one was about 11 & way bigger. I'm so glad we chose this place for lunch. It's a must se dive with great food & good prices.Everything you read about the Peanut Butter Bacon Burger is absolutely correct. It's beyond amazing. Order it. Eat it. Love it.
Excellent tequila selection. Great bartender/server. Loved the jukebox selections, too.First off, this place is small - like 4 booths and a bar.  I have no problem at an order at the bar type of establishment, but if you do - this may not be your place because the likelihood of you getting a table will be slim.  I have seen many positive reviews on the peanut butter, bacon burger but I decided to go a different direction and order just the basic  1/2 pound cheese burger.  For this review, I wanted to really taste the meat itself.  The burger patty itself is of the handmade and not overworked variety - that's a good thing.  Even as a big burger, it didn't appear dense and heavy - also a good thing.  My complaint is that my medium rare burger was not very juicy and the flavor was just good, not great.
On the more positive side, I did really like the baked potato as a side.  It comes standard with butter and chives, but I went ahead and got it fully loaded (never a bad decision.)  It is a full sized potato as well, so even though I thought the prices were a little high for burgers - there was a lot of food.  Plus, it is a popular part of the French Quarter and that will almost always add to your bill.
The wait staff/bartender was very attentive and took excellent care of my group.  
Overall, I would rate this as a good experience but didn't quite live up to the hype as far as my burger expectations go.Let's see...you're in the Quarter, you're hungry, and you don't want to wait in line for average or pricey food?  This is the place for you.  I had a heart-stoppingly delicious roquefort burger with a loaded baked potato and washed it down with some Purple Haze.  It was yum yum in the tum tum.The best went to yo mama last October I will be back June 16 after I land in Nola it will be my first food spot peanut butter burger is the best and there Mac n cheese wowvery small place they have a doorman checking IDs as you go in. you have to be 21 to enter. we had to wait about 20 min for seats and we got sat at the bar. burgers are served with a bake potato or side salad very different from the usual fries. but the burgers are very good not dry or bland. my bf got the peanut butter burger, doesn't sound appetizing but it works! Would come here again cheap eats too i say!"Don't go to Port of Call, go to Yo Mama's" 
-At least 3 different people.
While I can't speak to the quality of Port of Call, I can say that I fear how bad it would be if this is now the superior alternative. 
Expectations were high upon walking in. Expectations were even higher once I glanced the prominent art on the wall: a painting of two lions mating. 
The wait for food was quite lengthy. (Excused away by the fact that I ordered a baked potato perhaps?)
Once the wait was completed, the burgers came out both overcooked and cooled down to just above what I would call warm.
The peanut butter and bacon combo... oh yes... that's the ticket. But the large, overcooked, warm patty added next to nothing to the experience. 
Glimpse the artwork and have a beer. Spend your burger money elsewhere.Another top 5 from me... trend? no, reality.   Small but great bar, with a few booths downstairs and 2 TVs playing the local game.  The staff is great and so are the prices.  Yes the 1/2 pound burgers are excellent (try the Bullfighter burger with jalapeos, avocado, and salsa - get extra napkins ~ $9) and the potato fully dressed is the best option - it's still steaming after 15 min of work on that sucka... 
Local draft beer was $2 for a small and $4 for a ginormous offering.  $4 well, $5 premium and $6 for call/top shelf with a great pour - just respect the staff!  
The upstairs bar is typically open Thursday through Saturday nights and offers some music tallent, comedy, DJs or some bizarre hang out vibe. They're open daily 11 a.m.-3 a.m.   The grill stays open late but depends on the day (could be 2 am or when ever they close).
Just go and know that Yo mama will certainly take care of you.  EnjoyNow this is a dive bar! With great burger selection! Servers know their drinks well. I love the chill ambience despite being located in crazy Bourbon. Many locals come here and they will give you great suggestions on what to order. Servings are big so you can share one entree if you're not that hungry. But by all means go big on the drinks they're awesome and decently priced!So, the husband and I had heard from a friend that had lived in NOLA that Yo Mama's was THE place for a burger. He also brought to my attention that they have a peanut butter burger. A WHAT? YES, a HUGE 1/2 lb burger topped with peanut butter. I figured, I had to try this. I mean, when else will I ever have a peanut butter burger.  SO, we decided to make a trip down there on our way  Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop on Bourbon.
When ordering a burger, one has the option of a HUGE baked potato with everything or a simple side salad. Seeing another patron's potato I opted for the salad, knowing that would be way too much food... If I was at home, not a tourist,  and could bring home leftovers, maybe I would opt for the potato... It did look yummy.
The burger itself was excellent, it was very tasty indeed. I ordered the works, which comes with lettuce, tomato, mayo, onion, real bacon, and peanut butter.  I could see the peanut butter working on the burger if there was a smaller amount on it and/or if it was only a 1/4 lb burger and not a 1/2 lb, but I really became overwhelmed with it in the end.. I just wanted to taste the plain delicious burger...  The salad was OK, they use nice greens and not just iceberg, and the blue cheese dressing was pretty good.
For drinks, we ordered the Nola Blonde ale on tap. The beer didn't taste that great, not sure if they had dirty taps or if the beer itself just tasted weird.. They had a large selection of tequila that I wish I partook in.
In the end, I would recommend this place for a great burger. I personally would go for the Little Taste of your Moma burger next time (a reasonable 1/4 lb) and I would probably try one of their other variations that was not a PB burger. Maybe even go for the baked potato and a shot of tequila!! ;)This has to be one of the best burger joints in the u.s. I've eaten here once before. while in town I came back again because I had the highly over-rated port of call burger and I was really disappointed. This burger hits the spot. I had the Mac and cheese it was ok but the burger was the star."The best burger" in NOLA is what they are known for.  They have many newspaper & magazine clippings on the door with those awards listed.
This place is not big at all, picture a dive bar that also serves top notch burgers. They have an assortment of different burgers available.  I had been hearing about the Peanut Butter Burger all week so I tried it and enjoyed it.  The place may have been a little over-hyped for me, but it was still pretty good.  The prices were also very reasonable.
It's definitely a place I would try again.One of the best burgers I have eaten! Jucy, well cooked, really good seasoned och the bosses pepper sause was great! 
I had the CheddarAwesome! Very hospitable and friendly staff. The burger was excellent and the mac was quite tasty. I'd eat there again without hesitationDrinks were good. Bartender was good. Food was good. This place really does not skimp on the bacon.YES! YES! YES!!!!!! 
I ordered the peanut butter, bacon burger, dressed w/ a fully loaded baked potato and it was amazing!!!! I was very skeptical about how the peanut butter was going to mix with it all, and all I can say is that you have to try it at least once.... It will not disappoint!! The portion size was large , the price was reasonable, and the service was excellent.
This place is definitely on point and a must do when in the French quarter!!!!!!PEANUT BUTTER BURGER!!!  
i'll admit it.  i was hesitant to try it at first.  my cousins did not want to split  burgers with me in the event that i did not like this peanut butter burger.  but then i asked myself: when am i going to have another burger like this in my life??  so i ordered it.  and you should too!!   it was probably one of the best burgers ever!  the sweetness of the peanutbutter meshed into the savory meat.   i can garuntee you will enjoy every bite.  even though i'm not a fan of bacon, it was more tolerable in this burger because it was finely minced.  when i tasted the burger patty alone it was seasoned well, and could stand alone as a good hamburger.
there was another jalepeno salsa burger that was not too impressive - salsa tasted like it was from a jar from the gas station.  bleu cheese burger had massive amounts of cheese.
the baked potatos were so buttery, hot, and fresh - a nice change compared to french fries.
why is this place yo mama?  because they have yo mama jokes on the reciept when you leave.  on ours was:  "yo momma's so nasty she pours salt water down her pants to keep her crabs fresh!"Ahh! I am so conflicted. I really wanted to love this place but it just did not win me over. The vibe is definitely a dive bar, which I normally love. The place is lit in red lights which messed with my eyes. I could barely concentrate and I felt awful. When I stepped outside it was so bright in comparison. 
The menu has great options. For sides you can sub a salad for no additional cost. I ordered the simple cheeseburger. Nothing crazy. I just needed something as a base for all of my day drinking ahead. However, I wanted a smaller burger. If you get a small burger with a side it is just as much as a big burger with a side. It is like a quarter difference. I find that annoying. 
The burger was good. Was it great?  No. It was actually pretty average. The salad was terrible. It looked like it was the same toppings they used on the burgers. Chopped iceberg lettuce, sliced tomatoes and cucumbers. It was nice to have a salad option but they obviously did not try very hard with the salad.
Would I go there again?  Probably not. It is a good burger but NOLA has so much more to offer other places. I did not have a cocktail but if you are looking for cheap drinks, their signs listed tons of specials.A couple hours after eating Yo Mama's burgers, both my girlfriend and I were violently puking. Beware.
Oh also, they don't tell you, but they charge $2 when you ask for water. That can't even be legal.If the peanut butter burger wasn't just so darn good, this would've been a 1 star review.  The service was mediocre at best.  We tried eating upstairs at first but after being solidly ignored by the bartender in favor of other tables that arrived after us, we decided to try downstairs.  The service was a little friendlier but still insanely slow.  It didn't seem to be terribly busy as it was a Sunday evening and it wasn't all that full.  It took about 45 minutes after ordering to get 2 burgers to go which was a bit ridiculous but I was determined to try the peanut butter burger.  It was really good but we definitely didn't make a second trip back during our visit.After driving 16 hours from Detroit to New Orleans, my friends and I were absolutely famished. We wandered in here shortly after walking to the quarter, and luckily it was nice and chill (both mood and temperature) inside. The menu looked amazing and it certainly did not disappoint! The food came out in a timely fashion, and I finished my BBQ chicken sandwich in record time. I tried my friends peanut butter bacon burger and it was life changing. So much so that since eating that burger my friends and I have come up with a life changing entrepreneurial idea that may just change the course of our lives forever! 
The gumbo was also extremely delicious, though maybe a little salty. 
On top of that the server was lovely and friendly. I was glad to find a new favorite burger spot for when I'm here visiting.One of my "Go To" places in Nola. Perfect stop for a great burger and cool tunes. An extensive Tequila selection if that is your vice. Bummed that they ditched the bartender swing on the 2d floor. WTF?My hubby wanted a hamburger and after asking around, everyone said Yo Mama
I checked the menu out and it said homemade desserts, that is false there are no desserts, so do not leave room for it.  But the food was sooooo yummy and Dwayne the cook/server was so friendly!   I had the burger with jalapenos, avocado and salsa with a baked potato   It was awesome.  You can either get a baker or salad they offer nothing else as a side.
So if you want a great burger go over to Yo Mamas!!!I've been back and tried the Peanut Butter and Bacon burger... It rocks!The service is super sassy and I like it!!!  
The first time I went here (Super Bowl Sunday) EVERYTHING was amazing! Totally a 5 star experience. The service was great, the burger (Bleu Cheese and bacon) was so delicious, just the right amount of juicy, with a ton of bleu cheese and bacon and the baked potato was loaded with cheese and bacon also (you can totally see I was on a bacon mission)... just yummy all the way around. Now fast forward about two weeks. Having had such a good experience, I took a friend here. It was the first night of the parades through the quarter, so it was super busy... like, line out the door busy, but so were most places.  We waited in line for about 30 - 45 mins, which was fine. We were served our drinks promptly... just like before. And service was the same, great! We ordered our burgers... and we waited and waited and waited. After a good hour, we finally get our food. But no potatoes, seems they ran out in the hour it took us to get our food... boo. But we were still excited and starving, so we dug in. Nope, not the same quality as before. The bread as dry and crumbly, the meat over cooked and dry. Sigh.... But I am not giving up on this place. My first time has me hooked and I am attributing this mishap to the über drunk customers and overall ridiculous busy-ness. So, do yourself a favor and stop by on a regular night and enjoy the dry sarcasm of your bartenders and the juicy delicious burgers. I fully intend to become quite the regular.I was SO excited to stop here during red dress run! Normally this place is one of my favorites but I was very dissapoii was in new orleans for 2 weeks but my first night in town i was there with a band and it added up to a large group of people. we wandered a bit after eating dinner and found ourselves in Yo Mama's.. As the chairs filled up quickly I was approached by a security guy who said there was an entire bar upstairs with plenty of seating. SO glad he told me about that! We took over some tables and had our way with the stripper pole on the stage. The bartender upstairs, Cole took such amazing care of us she was totally cool under the pressure and made great drinks. I had so much fun that I went back every single day of my 2 week trip. Thanks Yo mama's!Boy oh boy this place was a lifesaver for a slightly drunk and very hungry tourist (me). Directed here by the friendly bouncer from a bar around the corner on Bourbon Street at 1am. Came in to find a long wooden bar counter populated  by diverse tourist types on one side and a gem of a local goth bartendress on the other. Not much of a chick for conversation was she but she did know rightaway that I needed a beer and a burger. Along with those I got the alligator sausage bites and a baked potato (one of those nights). All were awesome. Spent a couple of dollars playing Elvis on the jukebox to round out my night. All in all a gem of a place and I would go right back.A friend of mine, recommended I try a peanut butter burger from here.  Never had that as a combo...but I like all the ingredients.  The decor is typical bar... But the burgers ... Wow ..cooked exactly how I wanted and ... Man-O-Man was it good.  Ate it all...came with a baked potato...loaded.  Delicious.  
Not a place for kids ... But I will be back.i love this place  the food is always  great service is wonderful  i would eat here every damn night  if i wasn't watching my figure
the  penut butter bacon burger  is the best burger i have tasted by far in new orleansThis is a fantastic bar and a better grill. possibly the best burger in the area. Our first step out of the hotel is always to visit this little hole on the wall. You will absolutely adore the hot sauce coupled with your burger and mac-and-cheese. Please for the love of god if you ever make it to the quarter get yourself a burger and beer from this establishment.Much more than a late night dive, Yo Mama definitely delivers.  Visited this bar/dive at about 11:30pm/midnight on Friday night based on the Yelp reviews about the most amazing mac n' cheese in NOLA. 
Tust me.  It delivers.
It's dark, it's a bit scary, and you'd never expect them to accept your order for a tasty burger and mac at the bar--but it happens.  The bartenders/servers are attentive and extremely helpful.  My boyfriend and I had the chili burger and the mushroom burger, both with the house mac n cheese.
The burgers were amazing.  Even better was the mac.  Made with rigatoni pasta, it was hot and creamy with a bit of kick (pepper)--the perfect need met at just the right time. 
When I'm in NOLA again I'll definitely be trolling YO MAMA during the late night again.  If you're a fan of burgers and mac n cheese (and a bit of a break from the cajun/creole/beignet menu of NOLA), head on over to this gem!Best restaurant Mac-n-cheese I've ever had (they use penne pasta and are liberal with pepper). Burger was perfectly cooked and delicious. Baked potato was perfect. The bartender was fantastic and very creative, making me a lemonade concoction that was the perfect balance of sweet and sour.Yo Mama's Bar and Grill was a small bar that had about 3 or 4 tables with a dimly lit interior. I suggested to come here and apparently one of my friends was disappointed that we came here. Anyways, the rating doesn't reflect him but rather the place itself. 
I read that the Peanut Butter Burger ($10.50) was popular and famous so I decided to order that with a can of Guinness ($5). The bartender was nice, but she was a little disappointed that we all had water for drinks. I know that would just mean not as much tip for her if none of us ordered a drink. I wanted to see what drinks they had on their menu but I decided to just order a Guinness.
Our food took awhile to come out. When they finally came out, I was surprised how big the burgers were. The Peanut Butter Burger was interesting but I wouldn't recommend it. The peanut butter didn't complement the burger but that was what I thought. Everything else was okay for the burger. I guess my expectations were a little high based on all of the Yelpers' tips.Somewhat unique burger selections, okay burger.
The burger here was better than one from an average run of the meal burger place.  Compared to the better burger places, this place is average or slightly better (perhaps worth 3.5 stars).
The meat was cooked to order and was relatively juicy.  Putting peanut butter on the burger was a neat idea but I think I would rather have had more vegetable toppings (they were sparse) and no peanut butter.  Baked potato was okay.There are a few things that make this place worth looking for parking in the quarter.... 
First is the burgers - they are just good... flavorful, juicy, cooked correctly. Just good
Second - the cook makes what he wants as sides so sometimes it is coleslaw and sometimes it Mac and Cheese - which is incredible. 
There are only a few tables in this bar. restaurant and the servers are ALWAYS friendly...
i am too scared to try the peanut butter bacon burger but I have seen people order and eat it and then  get one to take home.... 
Maybe I will be adventurous and try it soon....
GO TO YO MOMMA'S!Went to Nola back in Dec. and went Yo Mama's after reading reviews on Yelp! The place itself is kinda creepy (but then again its Nola) but the staff is nice. I got the Peanut Butter Bacon Burger and HUGE Baked Potato for lunch. It sure was yummy!!!! To bad I can't get one here in Chicago. If I ever go back to Nola, I would stop there again.I absolutely adore that so many out-of-towners have written rave reviews of Yo-Mama's. This is one hell of a hamburger joint and a great bar to boot. It breaks my heart to drive down Esplanade and see all those fools waiting outside of Port of Call when they can slip into a booth usually right away at Yo-Mama's and get the best burger in town, served up with a little sassy love. The Peanut Butter Bacon Burger brings down the house, but my new love is the Bull Fighter with extra jalapenos. The succulent smoked alligator sausage appetizer or perfectly spiced gumbo might take away from your appetite, but that's okay because you can order the smaller Yo-Mama's burger and put whatever toppings on it that you desire. I bring everyone here, even vegetarians, because these guys can even make a mean veggie burger. Any valet or concierge worth anything in the Quarter will steer you to this place over Port of Call. If not, change hotels.this dive was where we decided to eat a late xmas dinner. seemed like a mix between tourists and locals. 
stiff drinks and decent service if you aren't obnoxious. sit at the bar vs one of the few tables or else you might get ignored. 
burgers were above average. went with their house special peanut butter/bacon burger and didn't know what to expect. was surprised. peanut butter was pretty subtle and it all worked. 
baked potato as a side was gigantic. came with the works and looked to be the thing to order. 
good option for a casual bite. talked to a few locals later on the trip who had high praise for this place. 
food took forever to come out but the bartender bought us a round. good times.Music is good, food is great, and price is average for NOLA. I'd would recommend it to friends for sureThis place never disappoints! Even the locals recommended it.  Every time I come to NOLA I stop here for their baked potato... It's simply amazing. The waitstaff is very friendly and I kind of like the red lights in the background. I have had the burger and chicken sandwich, but the potato is above else... Stellar!As we drove away from New Orleans a bacon & peanut butter infused tear slowly rolled down my face. I don't know when I will see you again, Yo Mama, but I won't stop reliving that moment we shared.
That moment included a peanut butter bacon cheeseburger and a nearly perfect baked potato. You will suffer no fry envy here. The PB&B combo may sound strange, but works extremely well. Place that flavor mound on a perfectly cooked burger and you WILL forget what a po'boy is.
So now one of the top 5 burgers in my life resides approximately 15 hours from my house. That is not a good thing.Yo mama's is a bar. Let's be clear about this. It's a shotgun bar that serves food. If you are looking for burgers they can be found here. As in they exist, but it's not necessarily their strong suit. You should drink here. Definitely drink here. Because it's a bar.....that serves food. The staff is personable, but not quite friendly. But that's okay, because I don't need a fairy godmother to serve me a drink in NO. Just pour.I went to Yo Mamas on a suggestion from a friend. We were in a rush and decided to call for a take out order. The first time I called a woman put me on hold for 10 minutes before I hung up. But I decided to call back. We ordered two burgers "fully dressed" one with cheese and the other with no mayo, side salad with honey mustard dressing. When I walked in to pick it up it, I said hello to the woman behind the bar (she had neon purple hair) and said I had an order to pick up. She looked at me and just said "Ok?"  I then asked if there was a window or someone I should go to to pick it up. She then slammed down the cup and lemons she was doing god knows what with  and said "oh ok I'm sorry I'll just stop what I'm doing and help you!" Then says pretty loudly numerous times to other customers "I'm sorry Melanie here is in a huge rush so I have to help her first." SO RUDE. I was stunned and walked out. As if the service wasn't terrible enough, our order was completely messed up: no cheese, mayo on everything, wrong salad dressing, and the burgers weren't even "dressed" with tomato or onion. The burger itself was good but the service and incorrect order made me never want to go back.THIS is the place that started the obsession!  My last meal (if I ever have/get to choose). The jalapeño Peanutbutter Bacon Burger!!!!!  Overcome your fears and bow down to the king!  
A lot of folks can't ever see themselves putting peanut butter on a burger. Whatever, get over it, it's actually amazing. It adds a wholesome taste to everything. Add ketchup!!!  I repeat, USE KETCHUP!  The mix with PB is nothing short of taste bud ecstasy.Let me first say what this bar with a burger joint in it is not.  It is not a coddled white tablecloth environment, with a bathroom attendant.  IT IS A DIVE BAR.
Which to me is perfect.  These guys own it well.  An excellent bar selection, and somehow they manage to make it a quiet oasis from the carnival that is Bourbon street.  I actually went there 2 nights in a row.  The first night the grill was not open.  So I had a few beers, and went around the corner to Mr. B's. The food there was great, but the bartender told the story of an amazing hamburger with peanut butter on it.  It seems my destiny was to return to Yo Mama's.
On my second visit, I was again greeted by friendly staff and quickly handed an ice cold beer from their large selection.  Both nights, the bartender did everything possible to make me comfortable.
I must say it seems like the grill is a bit detached from the bar.  Yes they are connected, but the grill has a life of it's own. Think hard working guys cranking out amazing burgers. 
I had the Peanut butter burger.  Why? Because where else can you have that?  Life is too short to eat at Appleby's.  Experience new things. 
They have a great selection of Tequila.  So if your catalog goes deeper than Jose Cuervo, there is Don Julio and and his other top shelf friends that will help you enjoy the big easy with some style.
This is a no frills place with lots of character.  Sit, wait, drink and enjoy the best burger you will have in the French Quarter.My husband has been trying to get me to go to 
yo mama's  place for over a year. We had heard about it for a while , it has been touted as a diamond in the rough. We heard tales of  great homemade burgers and  unique flare. We finally made it on a week night at about 10:30. Wow?, how disappointing!!!!! The red strip club lighting is ridiculous and the music was Soooo loud i had to shout across the table to be heard. The food was  gross! I requested my burger well done. It was burnt. The ingredients were barely discernable from each other.  The burger and toppings looked as thought they had been put through a food processor  on low...before  being pressed onto the bun. It was a Tepid sloppy mess. The gumbo tasted as though someone cleaned out the fridge and used the left over red beans and rice instead of a roux. My husband wouldn't  even eat it...and he LOVES gumbo, he prides himself on trying gumbo at almost every restaurant we go to.... the salad was soggy , however the tomatoes and cucumbers seemed fresh. The blue cheese  salad dressing was great ...but if that is all a restaurant can promise, it's pretty sad. After our food came we picked at it and stopped eating after about 5 minutes. The server immediately came over and asked if we were done? She did not asked what we thought instead she affected an apathetic demeanor that suggested she was quite used to customer complaints and didn't much care. Oh ...and their house made hot sauce( apparently they don't carry any other) tastes like burnt vinegar ,soap, and Chipotle. The Sausage tasted suspiously like store bought chicken bratwurst.
The bill was not that expensive. ...however we didn't eat our food eat so it was too much. 
.... never again....ever. this city has wonderful Food and many great restaurants. This was not oneOh man the peanut butter and bacon burger is slamming. Besides a burger I had in Portugal, this is my 2nd favorite burger. The bake potato fully loaded was delish. Small bar/hole in the wall. Place is a little small but all in all 4 stars.Yo mama burger was amazing!!! First bloody Mary I ordered 3 out of 5 on spicy scale and it was great, second bloody Mary I went for 5 out of 5 and it was perfect! Not overly spicy, it was just right. My wife had a turkey burger and claimed it was the best she'd ever had and we eat turkey burgers a lot at home. I tried it and agreed! Price was cheap too!This place is excellent if you're in the mood for an amazing burger, down to earth bartenders and an enjoyable atmosphere!  
The Peanut Butter Bacon Burger is where it's at!  The hot sauce that they offer is bangin'!  ( I got a bottle to-go)
Just go!!!Dark little dive bar.  Great service.  My friend and I shared a regular burger and a peanut butter/bacon burger...it was SO GOOD.You won't get fries with your burger but you won't care. Burgers come with potato salad, Mac and Cheese or a baked potato. The bun  is nothing write home about but the burger and toppings are great. 
Atmosphere is about you expect on Bourbon St. Dive bar.  The Mac and cheese was a nice side.   
Solid burger for sure. Will make this a regular stop when in New Orleans.My husband and I had the BBQ burger and the peanut butter bacon burger and the peanut butter bacon burger was delicious! The BBQ burger was tasty too but the peanut butter burger was our favorite.  The combo of warm peanut butter and bacon was amazing! It is a dive bar but we didn't care because the food came out fast, the prices were reasonable and they were generous portions. Definitely try it out if you are looking for something fast, casual and different.dive bar atmosphere with a damn good burger. wouldn't want to see the kitchen up close, but sometimes you just want to eat a burger.The one pound burger was awful..over cooked and no juice to be found ..cheese was ordered but not delivered..sent back for cheese and returned with cheese sprinkled on but not melted..sent back to have cheese melted...result was near indelible..so disappointing! Baked potato was not hot..Great burger!  My husband has been talking to ever local he could find 2 is this location.  Salad available - dressing r basic but it does really real at what it is - a great burger & beer spot!!!Nice local bar with great burgers. Try the peanut butter hamburger. It's delishPeanut butter burger time! 
PEANUT BUTTER BURGER TIME!!
No seriously, so maybe you've had 2 daiquiris, a hurricane +/- a hand grenade... This is def the place to drop in & refuel! 
And when else will you be drunk enough to agree to peanut butter on your burger! 
It's soo good though! So good indeed that I've gone back sober for more!
It's def a dive bar so manage your expectations accordingly, but it'll be well worth it to drop in on this NOLA gem!My fiance and I recently visited New Orleans while photographing a wedding and, to our surprise, one of the best meals we had during our stay was a plain old cheeseburger at Yo Mama's! Our bus tour guide recommended it to us, so when we stumbled upon it at 10pm while starving, hot and tired, we decided to duck in. The service was prompt and the burgers, to use a word made up by the man in the booth behind us, were "burgasmic"! We actually shook the cook's hand. No kidding - some of the best burgers we've had anywhere!I am rating them on food/drink alone, as I think they could have had better music in the jukebox!
After all the great yelp reviews, my friends and I wandered in on a Sunday afternoon for Burgers and Beers.  The reviews don't lie - I ate the BEST cheeseburger I have ever had.  I ordered the loaded cheddar cheeseburger with the loaded baked potato.   The burger was a cooked the perfect medium.  I am not normally a fan of loaded baked potatoes, but can definitely  say that I am a fan of theirs.  SO GOOD!
Sorry Port of Call, I think Yo Mama's has better burgers.  The price is also right and the beers are fairly inexpensive as well.  Glad to know this place is there for us in the French Quarter when we visit the lovely NOLA.  As far as the atmosphere, this is a bar after all people, so don't expect it to look like "Houstons".After skimming all those review, I wish I tried the burgers. I was there for Crawfish boil once. We saw the sign outside and popped in. Thanks to Yo-Mama's, I am ruined for life. Coming from NY and now living in the desert, I grew to like frozen crawfish. Not anymore. I remember the bill for dinner and about a thousand drinks to be really cheap.
10/6/09
Well I was back down in NOLA the weekend of Sept. 25th and decided to try out these famous burgers. $9.50 for an al a carte burger seems steep, but the reviews were stellar. Sadly, I was not impressed. The size of said burger was promising, huge patty, bun, topped with lots of crispy bacon, how could I lose. The meat was bland and I suspect greasy if the churning in my stomach after that was indication of such things. I punished my digestive system while in NO, so I can't blame Yo Mama's for that. Staff seemed annoyed. I would give my burger experience there 2 stars. Sorry.