If you're ever in the mood for an affordable and tasty Po'Boy in the Gentilly area, make sure you stop at Zimmers. I spent a lot of time working in the Gentilly area/Upper 9th ward and used to stop into Zimmers pretty frequently. It's a charming family owned and operated spot that is usually jam packed during the lunch rush. If you're in a rush, it would definitely behoove you to order ahead so you don't spend your entire lunch break waiting in line. The staff is always very friendly and personable so sometimes, you actually forget how long you were waiting in line. Their marinated crab legs/claws are wonderful but for me, their true standout is the crab cake patty po'boy. I truly feel like it's the best seafood po'boy in town! It's incredibly filling (it has 3-4 crab cake patties) and will only run you about 12 bucks.  
Although I only have rave reviews about Zimmers, I am only going to give it 4 stars because of their hours. They are closed Sundays and Mondays and usually close at 6 so if you work a traditional M-F 9-5 you may not really have a chance to experience the magic of Zimmers, as you should.Great little family joint.  Shrimp, oyster and crawfish all deliciousZimmer's Seafood, located at an underdeveloped pedestrian friendly intersection in the heart of Voscoville, prepares arguably the best dressed shrimp po-boy in town (Castnet's are very good as well). You pay for quality here as Zimmer's is not the cheapest but we want real shrimp not the dried bite sized variety right? Of course. My only gripe is that they are closed on Sundays in opposition to my stomach's occasional Sunday po-boy craving. Check it out!The shrimp poboy was out of this world. And the white chocolate bread pudding was delicious. There's no drive-in option: take out only.After two days of packing cold cut sandwiches for volunteer work lunches, we found that Zimmer's was within 5 blocks of our Gentilly work site so we decided to get po' boys to go for ourselves. The number of po' boys to-go probably overwhelmed Zimmer's when we ordered but it was well worth the wait. We ordered a variety of po' boys, from fried catfish, shrimp, oyster, veal, and well as 1/2-and1/2 sandwiches. I had an excellent large fried catfish sandwich the first day that had 4-5 big catfish pieces on each half of the sandwich that I got 2/3 through - the rest made for a tasty nighttime snack later when I was working on my computer. Whenever I order fried seafood po' boys, I doctor up mine with ketchup and hot sauce which adds a little extra kick.
The next day, I ordered a small fried shrimp sandwich that was generously stuffed with shrimp and was delicious. All too many places that fry food do not change their frying oil often enough but this is not the case at Zimmer's. Zimmer's is a great find and worth seeking out.So good!  Go and you will see, huge portions, great prices and great food.  It's takeout only but slammed for a reason!!Our first time at Zimmer's and the line was wrapped around the store. Nice people and the line moved pretty efficiently. It is a seafood place on Friday in Lent, so...makes sense. We bought 2 lbs of crawfish, 1 lb of boiled shrimp (they ran out of crab), some sausage and tried the marinated crab. All were very good, fresh and tasty, but on the mild side. I liked the marinated crab but not much meat in it as you dig through the crab pieces. Marinade was good though, mild but flavorful and not salty, which I liked. We will definitely be back.Zimmer's is the place to go when the weather is nice and you wanna sit on the lakefront with a 10 pound bag of crawfish or a shrimp po boy and a daiquiri. This place A been in my neighborhood ever since I can remember and they've always been good people. Zimmer's is a good spot to check out during "fish fry season"Three words! Marinated Crab Legs.Tonight was my first stop at this great restaurant.  For $22, I picked up a whole roast beef poboy, a half veal poboy w brown gravy (this was awesome), a burger on bun, and an order of fries.  I was stunned that it was so inexpensive, and then I was thrilled that it tasted so good.  
The ladies working tonight were also very friendly, and I enjoyed chatting with them.  
All in all, it was a pleasant experience, and I plan to go back and try more of their sandwiches and also buy some seafood.
If you need a poboy fix and are out in Gentilly, this is the place to go.They still get it done in Gentilly.
3 years after the storm, Zimmers is still surrounded by nearby half houses, house stumps, and freshly rebuilt places with kids playing outside, it is always a reminder of the rebuilding that is still going on out here, and worthy of a drive or leisurely bike ride out just to see parts of New Orleans that shouldn't be forgotten...Brad Pitt ain't out here, just ordinary folks still trying to get their neighborhood together...and luckily doing it right by one of the top 3 Po Boy places in town.
Conveniently located right next door to the Gendusa Bakery (Po' Boy historians know it was that families bakery that made the very first oversized po' boy loaves 80 odd years ago) so there is no doubt the bread is going to be fresh. Because of the bread, the po boys never get the dry taste that some other places otherwise decent can suffer from.
The menu is small.  They don't do much, but they do it well.  Fresh shrimp, oyster, catfish, half and halfs and the never to be forgotten french fry po boy.  Mmmm, fried potatoes stuffed in  french bread with lots of mayonnaise and goops of gravy...and as good as it sounds.
The place is a seafood store also, so pick up something to go, like marinated crab salad...in fact going out there just for a pint of that would be worthwhile.
Owned by the same family for decades, it's worth a trip out,,,supporting Gentilly while eating a Shrimp Po Boy that will go head to head with any in the city can't be all that bad of a thing to do.Humble little neighborhood restaurant with fresh, delicious food and friendly service.Great quality and flavor at this carry-out establishment. The food is consistently great and the portions are huge!Been going here ever since the place open. The customer service is good..prices and food are great. They are not opened on MONDAY but they are REALLY GOOD.try it out. YOU wont be disappointed.OYSTER SHRIMP PO-BOY is so goodWas just reminded by someone asking for a suggestion about Poboys in New Orleans and this is pretty much top tier. If someone comes to town and wants to "taste" New Orleans in the essence I would not hesitate to take them here. The reputation is well deserved in quality and quantity. They do what most successful business establishments do  "Remain Consistent". Pricing is also appropriate. Glad he reminded me about this place because I definitely needed to leave a review and let folks know this place is the truth.Definitely a no-brainer NOLA stop for some of the best seafood! I always get the combo platter of shrimp and catfish with fries. Everything has a fresh taste that guaranteed, if you taste seafood from other places, you won't be able to help but compare it to this place. It's only missing a star because of the jump in prices but the jump isn't huge and all food is more expensive nowadays, ESPECIALLY seafood!I can only give Zimmer's 4 stars, because I've only tried their shrimp poboy. I've been there at least 10 times and I've never changed my order. The shrimp poboy is to die for and the prices are lower than most other poboy shops. It is overflowing with shrimp. I always put half in the refrigerator hoping to have it a few hours later, but somebody always gets to it before me. 
I'll be back to give an update and probably another star when I try something else off the menu.I'm only upset that no one had told me about this place before!  I have been looking for a good old fashion New Orleans roast beef po-boy for years.  Nothing I could find has come close to what we used to get at the old Parkway Bakery.  And, I have very fond memories of the wonderful slow cooked roast beef on seeded french bread that I used to get at Weaver's on Navarre Ave. 
Lately, more and more places that claim to sell "po-boys" have been using rolls, call them baguettes or pistolettes if you want but they are not New Orleans french bread. Even when they do use a po-boy loaf, most of the time the bread is soft and rubbery, not the crisp crust that real po-boy bread should have.
This place has got the right bread. They are located just around the corner from Gendusa's Bakery, the baker of the original po-boy bread, and I assume they get their bread right from the back door of the bakery.   
I only have been once and the roast beef was delicious and sloppy. Make sure they give you plenty of napkins (they did.)  There is no place to eat on the premises, so plan to take your sandwich somewhere nice to eat it. But, don't go too far so that your wonderful french bread gets soggy from the roast beef gravy!  I took mine to the lakefront.  
I will be back to try some of the other po-boy sandwiches, but this is also a full seafood shop, selling raw and cooked fish, shrimp, crawfish etc.  Some of the other items in their cases looked good to, like the stuffed crabs, stuffed artichokes, etc. 
Five stars, good job Zimmer's Seafood... I wish I had know about you long ago.While visiting New Orleans to watch the Patriots play the Saints- I hunted for the best po-boy around.  Unfortunately, I had to exit the French quarter but that was expected after ordering a po-boy at a local tourist trap.  Zimmer's was a quick 10 minute ride and recommended by a local.  Simply put this was an absolute treat and must visit.  Being made to order it took some time but I appreciate that.  I choose the shrimp and oyster however the ham and shrimp sounded good, still does.  The combination incredible bread with hot sauce, lettuce, tomato, pickle and mayo creates a perfect storm for my belly.  The sandwich was served just after it was created and down it went.  They do a great job wrapping these beauties- however that didn't matter for me.  I give them 5 stars because a po-boy can't get any better than this and make an effort to stop here and don't waste your money elsewhere.Fantastic poboys all served on fresh baked bread from Gendusa's which is right around the corner!These people is the bomb, their better then Casnet Seafood on Haynes Blvd both Zimmers and this place in Veterans called Bobby Hebert's Cajun Cannon, I've ate here many time and god damn these people food is so delicious. I will be coming here some Fridays like probably this Friday or something else to eat.Oyster Po-boy (dressed) and marinated crabs. OMG! It is one of the best kept secrets in the city. When you visit N.O., seek out this place in lieu of the commercial locations downtown. This place is definitely worth the drive.I had a shrimp poboy. Let me tell you this. It was really good.  Don't let the long line and waiting time fool you. It is worth the wait. I would say try to come early but I don't know what is early when everyone on a Friday evening is trying to grab a po boy and jet out on their lunch break. There's more that po-boys here I saw the seafood platters and etc. Looked good however my shrimp po-boy served me justice. My shrimp was big and fluffy and just enough to cover my half po boy sandwich. I enjoyed it so much I ate it in my car. I will be ordering more shrimp po boys from here!!Zimmer's is good, but they are sometimes a little slow getting food out. If you walk in and place an order, you're likely to get placed behind a line of pick-up orders from people who called in orders. But I can't complain too much because it's worth the wait, and it's a good little neighborhood spot.Great shrimp sandwiches. Staff is very courteous. Prompt service. A lot of seafood to choose from, both fresh & prepared. I'm a believer lol...Zimmers has been a Gentilly tradition since before I was born and still continues as one. The seafood is always fresh, well seasoned and expertly prepared. The po boys are some of the best that I have ever had. The boiled crawfish is to die for and so is the boiled shrimp. They also sell gumbo, seafood pasta and various other items that are just as tasty. 
If you're looking to grab a quick sandwich, make sure you call ahead and place an order. Sometimes you may have to call more than once but they always answer. Honestly, you can't go wrong by choosing this place. It's well worth it!The absolute BEST Seafood you can get in Gentilly hands down! Sandwiches and plates made to order for lunch and early dinners. Don't sleep on them.One of New Orleans' best kept secrets. Rarely do I meet someone who has been to Zimmer's, and  yet I am always surprised to see their vacant expressions as I describe THE best shrimp poboy I've had - EVER! The family who runs Zimmer's is wonderful and remembers my husband and I (we go pretty regularly). They also sell fresh seafood and everything I've bought has been delicious. Just a tip, there is no seating at Zimmer's - I always take my poboy up a bit to the lake and enjoy it with a view. GO HERE!Really great roast beef po-boy! Staff is super friendly and they move pretty quickly.Awesome shrimp po-boy. Odd other items for sale. What is with the special eyelash product for sale at a seafood place? Whatever, the sandwich was great. The line situation was a little awkward. Would call ahead next time.My one and only place of choice to get a Po-Boy! I also love their boiled seafood, and the service is great!I've been wanting to try this place for years, and I'm SO glad that I did. Screw all the overpriced French Quarter seafood restaurants -- every guest I ever have in this city is going to be brought here to grab a poboy and sit at the lake. The food was amazing. The customer service was amazing, and the staff very genuine and helpful. I highly recommend it. THIS is authentic New Orleans.
Signed, 
A local
( P.S. We had a shrimp poboy, piece of sausage, artichoke balls, and some corn made with crab boil)Great place for some delicious, fresh, and fair priced seafood. The marinated crabs are to die for, nice and full. You cant go wrong with anything on the menu. Call your order in ahead of time unless you don't mind hanging out. NOLA originalThe food was really good and fresh. I had an oyster on bun dressed and my husband shrimp on french bread dressed. We also had fried artichoke balls. The taste was on point, however I couldn't eat because they put shrimp in them. I'm allergic  my husband enjoyed them for me. We will definitely go back.Definitely a new orleans classic. Marinated crabs are the bomb but wait they have even started to do marinated crawfish. Childhood favorite.I wasn't in love with Zimmer's. It could have been an off day? I really don't know.
I dropped by last week to pick up some boiled seafood. We were hoping to get crab, shrimp, and crawfish. I don't know a whole lot about what seafood is in season when, so maybe it was stupid of me to want crab, but they had crab written on the board so I thought we could have some. When it was my time to order though, I was told that they had no crabs. I would have appreciated it if they had written that, but it is what it is.
The shrimp was probably my favorite, but it was really hard to peel. The crawfish was slightly overcooked. Both had good flavor. We also got potatoes, corn, sausage, and a turkey neck. The turkey neck was way too salty. Well, everything was pretty heavily seasoned, actually. I'm normally one to ask for more seasoning, but I thought it was a bit too much.
As I said, it may have been an off day. It's close to the house, so I may check them out again.I go to Zimmers for the shrimp po boy once a week. One of the best I ever had. But don't sleep on the fried oyster or fish. They are all great. They also sell boiled and fresh local seafood. While your there make sure to get a pint of marinated crab claws.Zimmers is a neighborhood shop--nothing fancy, you order your food and go. The shrimp poboy never ever disappoints, always fresh and stuffed! The fish platters..equally as good, even my picky kids loves the potatoe salad and seasoned fries. The boiled crawfish is pretty good, too, when in season. I haven't tried the gumbo yet, it's stored in the cooler, and I'm assuming I'd need to take it home and heat it...umm, I like my gumbo fresh and ready to eat. I wish the roast beef poboy was better, and yet I've tried it several times, I guess hoping it would get better.  The roast beef is bland, sliced thick (like you would slice a ham) and rubbery, but it's sloppy and the bread is good. The staff is super friendly and parking is easy.If your in New Orleans and need a place to stop and get a Poboy on the go. This is the place. Welcome to Zimmer's baby!Doesn't get much better than Zimmer's! Great prices, and super fresh stuffed poboys. Recommend the shrimp poboy. You will not be sorry.I discovered this neighborhood gem from a story in the online edition of the Times Picayune newspaper. Todd Price wrote how Charleen and Craig Zimmer have run the shop since 1980 and how it is hugely popular among locals. 
The shop is known for its fried crab poboys and for its boiled crafwish, so we ordered a couple of the poboys, outfitted with bread from the John Gendusa around the corner, the company that provided the bread for the original New Orleans poboys.
Both the sandwiches and the crawfish were excellent. The staff was friendly despite the crowd of customers that came into the takeout shop.Yes. You want to eat here! It's all takeout and sometimes there's a line outside the restaurant, but the boiled and fried seafood have never disappointed.Really can't go wrong with anything here. Lunch menu is tops, plus there is plenty of great fresh seafood and their boiled crawfish is some of the best in the city. I like the oyster poboy dressed w/ hot sauce (which they will put on for you along with ketchup). The marinated crab salad (pint for $7) is so so good. Goes great between a couple of slices of bread.For 3 years I've been aggressively seeking New Orleans' best poboy.  As of now I say Zimmer's has the best shrimp poboy.  I also think this is the best all around poboy place I've been to.  First things first.  The shrimp and oyster poboys are stuffed.  Especially the shrimp.  And they're $2 cheaper than anywhere else.  There are other places that stuff as much or even slightly more onto the poboy, but the union of price, quality, and quantity are in perfect harmony at Zimmer's.  The bread is very airy always fresh, even at 5pm when they stop serving.  They are well aware of the three main ways people like poboy dressings altered, so you don't need to explain yourself.  They offer to put the hot sauce on there for you, which is just the icing on the cake.  (Maybe there's a little room here to coin a new phrase, "thats just the hot sauce on the poboy".)  They also have huge boiled turkey necks.  No dining in.I had a really bad customer service experience at Zimmer's. A few months ago, my colleague at UNO passed away suddenly. The department decided to cater his memorial service with po-boys. My deceased colleague ordered regularly from Zimmer's, so it was the first place I called. I asked if they could do it, and they said yes. When I informed them that the memorial was on a Sunday, and they said no. No problem, I figured, because not everyone works on Sundays. 
 The problem emerged when  I asked to speak to a manager, to see if they might reconsider. This was a big order for a memorial service and our department was willing to spend $1200 on catering in honor of our colleague. I explained this to the manager, but she said no, told me to go some place else, then hung up on me.
I contacted another po-boy place, one in Carrollton in the riverbend.  Normally, they were closed Sundays too. But they knew my deceased colleague well and they made an exception. And they gave us a discount, even when we said we were happy to pay full fare. Now that is great customer service.
 I never forgot that. I've never been back to Zimmer's, even though I live within five minutes of the place. Whenever I drive past the place, this is the memory I have.*Service is decent
*Area is decent
*The Po-Boys here are . I've been to like 4 different places that serve Po boys but these muhfuckas are the best in NOLA..First stop on the way to the hotel from the airport. Shrimp po-boy had great flavor, fries were a little lackluster. I wasn't prepared for no seating or the ordering process, apparently. A no frills establishment with A+ po-boys. The bread was super fresh, was just disappointed they no longer had crawfish.Another Great local place to find Great Boiled Seafood. In the Gentilly area. Crawfish and Crab legs are amazing as well.I can only comment on the boiled and fried shrimp.  The boiled, always hard to peel unless they were large.  The shrimp dinner, used to get about 36 shrimp......but, the last timeI went, it was under 2 dozen.  Quality and quantity declined, but, prices went up.  I'll go to Castnet Seafood or places in Bucktown.  I hate too, because Zimmer's was once excellent and is only 5 minutes from my house.  Hope they change back to the way they were.busy busy busy (that's a good thing) call ahead if you can. this is my first stop (after Katrina) and it's right around the corner from my Uncle's house :-)No. Legit, this place is really as good as it gets. The staff is ALWAYS sweet and helpful, the food is ALWAYS delicious, there's ALWAYS a line (well, I could do without the line but it's telling) and even when things are out of season, the prices are ALWAYS decent. 
This place is less than half a mile away from my house and I literally have to stop myself from skipping like a school child when I go: it's that great. 
Once, when I was homesick for the Caribbean, one of the (owners? managers? associates?) told me a good place to buy exactly what kind of crab I was looking for to cook. 
My ONLY gripe is that it's a part of the neighborhood that's less than desirable but, this is New Orleans. . .it's always a mixed bag.Great tasting seafood, but their hours are terrible. They close relatively early and seem to close whenever they want and not at a set time...Shrimp po boy and seasoned fries served fast,hot,tasty and at a great price. Hello my old friend...I have been away too long.  Can always rely on you.My new neighborhood seafood and poboy shop!!!  I've been here a couple times and have tried a few different things on the menu.  I've been pretty impressed so far!  Here's what I've had:
Turkey poboy - pretty good.  Nothing special, but it's hard to make a turkey poboy more than what it is.
Breaded veal poboy - excellent.  Rivals my favorite veal poboy (from Tag's in Chalmette).  Right amount of breading, right amount of seasonings in the breading, right amount of cook.
Roast beef poboy - Super excellent.  Like as good as Parkway or Parasol's good.  I was supremely impressed by the flavor of the roast beef.  And I know I'm not alone.  I wanted roast beef the second time I went (was around 2:30pm), and they were out.  Hot commodity.
Shrimp poboy - pretty good.  Not quite as good as parkway, but still pretty good.  It's hard to disappoint with fried shrimp.
Crabcake poboy - very good.  Had a good amount of crab in the cakes and pretty good seasoning as well.
Crinkle fries - excellent.  They overcooked them by about 30 seconds, so they were all crunchy.  Like save the crunchy fries for last crunchy.  But they were all like that.
Potato salad - ok.  Definitely the weakest link of anything I've had here.  Seemed a little too mustardy maybe?  Idk.  Wasn't my fave.
Artichoke balls - amazeballs.  Yup.  Lots of artichoke, lots of breadcrumbs, lots of seasoning, all fried in a yummy ball of goodness.
Boiled crabs - excellent.  Not too spicy, not too mild.  Just the right amount of seasoning so as not to offend anyone.  Decently easy to pick, and the medium size crabs had a decent amount of meat on them.
Ok.  I think that's all I've had so far.  So yeah.  I've been very impressed and very happy with everything.  The folks behind the counter are super friendly and working their tails off.  There always seems to be a line (so you know it's gotta be good!), but it moves at a decent speed.  Just make sure you know what you want when you get to the front, and have a backup plan in case they're out of roast beef!The best po boy in New Orleans and it gets nowhere near the recognition it should.  Forget Parkway, forget Mother's, forget R&O's... 
I'm a Gentilly transplant living in Dallas and I always make sure to stop by when I'm in the old hood.  Nothing makes me feel more at home than walking in and seeing those blue-aproned ladies behind the counter.  
The po boys are hot, cheap, over-stuffed, and they always use the freshest seafood. I love the soft, seeded Italian bread.  Some purists may put their nose up to any po boy not on French bread, but the bread is baked fresh and delivered from Gendusa's around the corner. It doesn't get any better. 
It's a small fresh seafood shop that also sells hot sandwiches. Consequently, there is no seating area and there's always a line.  It's well worth the wait and only a short drive from downtown.
Oh, don't forget the ketchup and hot sauce dahlin'!!Their po-boys are always excellent. But this time we also ordered some boiled shrimp and they were not. They tasted funny and I did not realize why until I noticed there were brown spots on most of the shrimp. If I ever buy seafood from them again, I'll be sure to make sure I'm not being sold rotten food. They were also overcooked and dry even though they keep them in a pan of liquid. How is that possible? WTF is that liquid anyway?I read some reviews and decided to come on down for a shrimp po boy.  I walked in and placed an order for a regular shrimp po boy.  I got it dressed with ketchup and hot sauce and no mayo.  Total was about $6.00 and I got a Coke out of the vending machine.
The po boy was decent sized.  About a 6 incher.  They use Gendusas bread which is a bakery located right around the corner.  Its a seeded loaf and it was pretty decent.  They use large shrimp and coat them in a thin batter.  The taste was ok.  I thought that I would absolutely love po boys but I am coming to find out that they are just ok.  
There is nowhere to eat in the place so I ate on the trunk of my car across the street.  Decent enough spot to get a sandwich I guess.LOVE ZIMMERS!!! Everything is delicious. If you are craving crawfish or a po boy...this is your spot! They never disappointThe seafood platter was very fresh and the taste was delicious. The only downfall is that the service is extremely slow. I had to wait in line 45 minutes to pickup my order that I phoned in an hour prior. They are very understaffed.Sorry, I don't see what the good reviews are about. Yes, there were a ton of shrimp on the boy....but they didn't have much flavor and none in our party liked the sesame bread...it was dry...maybe it was day old or something. Also, it was scantily dressed....maybe some boy's thangs but not this girls!The food is always amazing and fresh. I love the new setup of how they are keeping safety precautions. The kitchen always closes and hour before closing time so keep they in mind. I have been going to this place for over 25-30 yearsI really only have two words. MARINATED Crabs. Honestly they're like nothing you've ever had, worth every penny, and just simply addictive. The marinated crawfish is a decent go to as well.Gonna give this place a 4.5 b/c of the smell and the people working there. The ladies taking money were prompt and sweet (direct but sweet). The people preparing the food behind the partition looked well groomed as well. However the people bringing the food from the back left a lot to be desired (#LookedLikedDrugAddicts). To top it off no one wore gloves and handled raw food and money without washing constantly. Despite all that I STILL ate the food and it was EXCELLENT.So disappointed. I grew up eating their crawfish but yesterday at 10 am I was amongst the 1st few to get 5 pounds of
the hot batch only to be struggling with overcooked mealy mushy crawfish meat. I won't be back.Highly disappointed on them forgetting my 9.00$ marinated crab side that I was still charged for on my Uber oder. I am disappointed in the restaurant and Uber. My receipt clearly says I have a $9.00 side crab salad you mean to tell me both the restaurant & the uberist missed this. I called the restaurant & they said they would make it right but nothing never happened I guest I am an unimportant customer who spends their hard earned money on service & gets treated like this! I don't care if it is a side, it's the principle! I work in the service/hospitality industry 6 years I am tired of the most simplest things go wrong. Contemplating on using Uber eats again and/or returning to restaurant.Po boy sandwich I had to was real good the fish was hot and the bread was perfect I will be back...Zimmer's is as old school as it gets. At one time it was one of the larger neighborhood fish markets but today though they still have some fresh seafood their business is mostly their prepared food. On this occasion I had an oyster poboy that was delish on toasted french bread. Only problem with Zimmer is like most places in New Orleans these days its a tad expensive especially for the size of the sandwiches that they give you. You can get a bigger sandwich elsewhere but it may not be better than this place where they know what they have been doing for years. Their food is just like you cooked it in your kitchen.Great shrimp po boys. The shrimps are literally loaded onto these sandwiches. Filled my stomach up after a long day of work in the morning. Great food and memories at Zimmers.Bought a seafood platter that wasn't fresh as well as I expected a lot more than 2 pieces of fish on a platter.  There were more burnt fries then anything.  Very disappointed!We were very disappointed that Zimmer's was closed when we got here. It was 11:30 am on a Tuesday. I was willing to leave the World War 2 museum early just so that we can spend time together at this place. Do not go there. They are unreliable.This local gem is serving up all the best seafood-- plates, overstuffed poboys, boiled, fresh, turkey necks, and more! The bread is super fresh as the get it daily from the bakery right next door. Be sure you get that po boy dressed with hot sauce! 
Newly installed awning provides ample shade for walk up orders. Call orders in ahead of time for less of a wait, but there's always someone to chat with while you wait for your food to be prepared. A local favorite of Cam Jordan and Anthony Mackey, so you just never know who you may bump into. 
The marinated crabs are amazing as well!!Needed a good Po'Boy and a random local i met recommended them to me. The flavor was just enough not too overly seasoned, so as you can guess it hit the spot. I got a shrimp po'boy with hot sauce and ketchup by the way, and of course there is no picture because I was too hungry to care about taking one! 
The sesame seed bun was awesome and it was fried in peanut oil. It don't get no better than that!!!
I sat on the trunk of my car and ate it right there in the neighborhood people watching the locals in the Louisiana breeze.
I'll be coming back when I roll back through New Orleanswho knew? tiny barren plain concrete building off the beaten path, with wondrous po'boys for take-out. Such friendly servers you will confuse them with your favorite aunt! Easy to order in person or by phone; just a few minutes to prepare and there you have it! the bread! perfect. and it's so affordable, the icing on the po'boy!Great food but the business isn't another more than a Seafood Market which capitalize on the location, local university.  The seasonings were fantastic on all of their products and the staff are more mature and willing to help anyone who comes in.  I would highly recommend these Mom and Pop Market / Cookery.Ordered a seafood platter, gumbo and shrimp and oysters platter for takeout.  Everything was delicious and hot and the portions were huge.  We made 2 separate meals with a group of five!   Highly recommendBest seafood in the city !!!!!!
Marinated Crabs  the Bomb !!!!
Po-Boy sandwich awesome!!!!!!I used to love this place when we first tried it. However, the fried oyster poboy I got during my most recent trip still had pieces of oyster shells in it! I was very disappointed when I took a bite and almost chipped a tooth! The cooks at this place need to do a better job in extracting the oysters from their shells or else it may end up a lawsuit! 
Other than that incident, the rest of my poboy was okay. It seemed a little dry than normal; it needed more remoulade. Also, after having Parkway's poboys, I am no longer a fan of the bread that Zimmers' uses. It didn't have that nice crunch I longed for. 
Overall, this place is not bad if you're going for the size of the poboy, but they've jacked up their prices and now I don't think it's worth going to anymore.A nice little hole in the wall neighborhood joint serving up seafood all year round!  Boiled crabs and crawfish and shrimp, po-boys that are spot on and made with fresh bread from around the corner (Gendusa), and lots of local favorites in their take out case including marinated crab claws, stuffed crab, a great crab and corn bisque and a host of other things.  This place really is a microcosm of New OrleansI have been looking for a good roast beef poboy for quite some time... Luckily, I had the fortune of meeting the owner today who graciously treated me and my coworker to lunch. I chose the roast beef poboy and am so glad I did! I highly recommend, even though I love seafood, this poboy is so good it WILL make you lick your elbows (I ordered it extra sloppy). DELICIOUS!! Thanks to him, I know exactly where to go when I'm craving a great roast beef poboy but can't wait to try the other stuff too.Crawfish and turkey necks is always good. Best shrimp poboy ever !!   The staff is always sweet.   Real good New Orleans food! Y'all won't be disappointed