A wee bit pricey for the portions they serve. I come to Beck's for their gator gumbo over jambalaya. The whole thing is just so savory and the spices are just right. It's not overly spicy and not too salty as well. It's a great meal. The gator is in a sausage form. All chopped up into the gumbo. During this visit, I had to order their pasta. Chicken alfredo, for my 2 year old son. It was alright. The whole pasta tasted a bit dry. It's something I wouldn't get twice.
Verdict - Gator gumbo, end of story.Atmosphere:  The craziness going on around you in Reading Terminal depends on the day and time of day that you go. It is really convenient that you can sit at the counter and get waited on there.
Service:  The staff was upbeat and pleasant.  They were the ones who recommended we sit at the counter, which was a really nice experience.  We didn't feel rushed to get out of our seats.  It was really great that they offer you a sample of the food if you are unsure.
Food:  Overall very good.  I was hoping for a bit more spice and strong flavors, but it seems like it is made marketable for the general population.  Which worked out fine with me because there were seasonings available on the counter to bump up the flavor profile.  I got the etouffee and bread pudding.  The etouffee was good, but the flavor got a little muddled after eating it for a while.  It didn't have the depth of flavor that I was hoping for.  The bread pudding was super delicious!  I would recommend it to anyone needing a sweet fix.  My friend enjoyed her jambalaya.
Overall:  I would certainly come back.  The convenient location, good service, and yummy food are all definite pluses.  I am not sure that it is the best New Orleans place in Philly, but I am happy to partake of the menu again sometime soon.We discovered Beck's cafe at the Reading Terminal Market last weekend. Boy am I glad we did. My wife's family is from Louisiana and Mississippi, and have a long history of cooking cajun cuisine. We had the muffaletta sandwich and shrimp/crawfish etouffee. The etouffee was amazing and as good as what my father-in-law makes. The chef was knowledgeable about the holy trinity (celery, bell pepper, onion) and gave us a good tip on where to buy gumbo file powder. The bread pudding with pears and raisins was the best I've had since visiting New Orleans. We will have to go back for there breakfast beignets. They also have alligator on a stick!We ordered the fried oyster and the catfish platter and sincerely speaking it was terrible. Incredibly greasy and please don't tell me it is because it is Cajun food. Moreover, the service is really bad. We wanted to sit but the place was packed so we ordered food and ate while standing up. When there was finally a place the waitress was really rude and said we couldn't sit because we had already ordered food and we were already eating. Hello? Funny thing is that one of the people eating at the bar had the same exact plastic container for to go food that I had. Please, don't ask me for tips on the receipt if you are going to give me a plastic box and will not let me sit in your restaurant.I was fully surprise by Beck's Cajun Cafe, I never would've thought that a hole in a wall like this place that is tucked in Reading Terminal Market would be this amazing. 
The staff behind the counter is a trio of mother and daughters working together. They are extremely nice and are willing to give you little samples of jambalaya or gumbo if you ask for it.
I had the Gator Gumbo with Rice and Fried Mac and Cheese ball. I was hoping the mac and cheese was good but it lacked cheese. A lot of mac inside but not even cheese so it was definitely a bit bland. The best part was the Gator Gumbo, packed with cajun spices and a lot of gator sausage and meat. This was absolutely amazing and a must get at Beck's.
A place worthy of a return when I visit Philly again.For years, I have lamented about the lack of good cajun food in Philly. Thank you, Beck's, for filling this GAPING void. I think the first time I tried this place, it may have been in part because the line at Dinic's was unbearably long and the throngs of people waiting were spilling over into Beck's stall space (they are next to each other)... and boy am I glad my inner fatty couldn't wait another minute because I just don't know what I'd do without this jumbalaya! 
I will note that the service here is a bit terrible. Don't get me wrong - everyone is very nice, but ... SLOW-moving. VERY slow moving. I have never seen a more inefficient operation in my life, but like I said, they are super pleasant and helpful so you forgive them for taking 10+ minutes to pack  your order and collect payment (note: I've been there at least 4x and it's been true every single time). 
As an example of the employees' niceness/helpfulness, as an FYI, they do let you sample pretty much any of the entrees so you can make sure it's not too spicy or too peppery etc for you.
Also, no credit card machine here so bring CASH.
WHAT WE ATE
*Jumbalaya: perfect. perfect. AND it's surprisingly spicy! It's less saucy then some jumbalayas I have had, but still really flavorful and the rice is perfectly cooked. They also usually spoon on a bit of sauce on top and adds that extra flavor. IF you get the right cashier, she will upsell you the cornbread - GET IT - and eat it TOGETHER. They're not messing around when they say the cornbread + jumbalaya flavors complement each other like whoa.  
*Etouffee - the flavors of the bell peppers were a bit TOO strong for my personal liking, but I could appreciate the complexity of the flavors and the spiciness here as well. My friends really liked this dish, so I did want to mention. 
*Oyster Po'Boy - I thought the fried oyster was great. The breading they use to coat the po boy sandwich meats (and oysters) are really tasty and not overwhelming. I wish there was more oyster in the sandwich itself, but that would be the only complaint. 
*Beignets - warm and delightfully light fried dough and generous dusting of powdered sugar make this dessert just decadent enough. 
*Praline cookies - these were decent, but not the best I've ever had. The color was a bit darker than I was used to (more coffee with a splash of milk rather than latte color) and it almost tasted like they had burned/overcooked the butter or brown sugar. 
Beck's also has this authentic root beer from New Orleans available. I'm not a root beer fan so haven't tried, but I keep hearing awesome things about it.The shrimp po boy was completely off on proportions. The bread was super thick, hard and chewy and I threw away half of it because who can possibly eat that much bread in one meal. The shrimp was good but skimpy portions. The creole sauce is  good too. I would not get it again.Gator gumbo with fried mac and cheese.  Great food with just the right amount of kick for a late lunch.Everything about this place is great. Located in Historic Reading Terminal, quick service, flavorful dishes... :)
I don't know anywhere else in Philly that you can get amazing, authentic New Orleans food.
I seriously salivate thinking about how amazing the bread pudding with the whiskey butter sauce is... MMMMMMmmmmmmm !!!!!
The jambalaya, cajun chicken alfredo, and gumbo are also so yum. 
The owner (I hear also a professional caterer on the side) loves New Orleans food. 
Go here when you go to Reading Terminal, trust me.I live in Hawaii and came to Philly for vacation. Came here before and the Gumbo is Great. My g/friend sat next to me with food from another vendor. (Plenty of Open Seats). Female waitress observed this, nothing said. So she opens the wrapping to eat and female (now) advised she couldn't eat other food at their area. (Even though I was still eating my Gumbo) I understand the concept however their were plenty of open seats. So I hurried eating my Gumbo so I could sit with my g/friend. No AlohaPretty good Cajun options in the middle of PhiladelphiaSo stupid good. This place is well worth the visit, as everything I had was amazing. 
I had the "Trainwreck", which was a cheesesteak with Cajun spices, sausage, cheese, peppers, onions, etc. which was delicious, then I got Cajun fries (which were actually more like home fries as chunks of real potato) topped with the chicken and sausage gumbo. It was a really flavorful, dark gumbo, that I think I could've eaten a whole pot of. 
Service was kind and fast, and I got more food than I could eat with a soda for only about $15.Coming from a person who's whole family is from the bayous of Louisiana it's ok. The roux on the gumbo is a little to thick. Gumbo over jambalaya is almost insulting. Po boy wasn't a po boy it was more like a Hoagie with Cole slaw a semi blackened chicken. The flavor is kinda close (if you are a rookie to this food). If you have never had REAL creole/Cajun food you'll love it. I am of creole descent and I grew up on this food ,but like I said if you go to Louisiana (especially bayous were it started not new Orleans) you'll know what I'm talking about. For rookie creole/Cajun palates it's descent though.Went there today with a friend to try the train wreck po boy and possibly some gumbo. We were greeted by some very friendly staff who were very helpful in giving suggestions and attentive to us while we dined there. We ordered two train wreck po boys and with advice settled on gator gumbo with white rice after we were told it has a bit of heat and a good kick to it. We were not disappointed by the gumbo  it was savory and hearty with just the right amount of heat to it. The po boys were served on a a fresh french bread with a delicious creole mayo. Inside the po boy was Andouille sausage, steak, salami, cheese, and onion everything was diced super fine and you need a fork to eat eat all because they pile the meat and fillings on big time on the sandwich. Overall a great meal completely and excellent service would definitely return and highly recommend to anyone looking to spice things upReading terminal is the place to be if you're hungry in Philly cause of all the options. I wasn't expecting it to be packed on a Sunday late afternoon but oh well. My friend and I looked around at a bunch of different places but this was the one that stuck out the most so we fought our way back over. There were two lines for service so things went a lot faster. The servers were nice and gave recommendations. I got the gator gumbo while my friend had the Cajun pasta. We both added a side of cornbread cause who can resist that. We found seats and dug in. One bite and the heat was there. The spice was heavy but so was the flavor. Every spoonful had gator chucks in it which I was not against in the slightest. I had a bite of my friends pasta and that was just as good, the cornbread consistency was closer to cake but it was still good. I could only eat half since it was so thick. Would definitely grab a bowl to go next time I'm in the area.2.5 Stars 
Located inside Reading Terminal Market, there are many food stall to choose from, but Beck's is the only one with Louisiana style foods.  I came here for lunch after reading some pretty good reviews.
Decor:
Like many of the food vendors of Reading Terminal, they presentation is not the focus.  It was still a fairly clean cooking area and everything was labeled properly.  There was nothing to really complain about regarding the decorations given the surrounding food stalls.
Food:
I ordered the beignets which are only available on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.  It was around $8 for a bunch of fried dough balls with powdered sugar sprinkled on top.  They were freshly made to order and came inside a plastic container.  The dough itself was rather dense and did not have the light and fluffy texture that I was hoping for.  They were not as good as I had hoped, but I would be willing to try the savory options in the future.
Service:
The lady who took my order was really nice, but the lines leading up to the register can be quite confusing.  With so many people walking around the market and stopping to look at the food, it was hard to tell who was waiting for food and who was just standing around.  After placing my order I was told to wait to the side, but the food took a while to come out.  Luckily, they were piping hot when I received them, which makes up for some of the wait time.
Overall, the dessert options can be skipped.  I would try the gumbo and jambalaya in the future if I ever came back.This was the second time being here. The first time the Po' Boy was really good. So this time I was there I was OK Po' Boy time it wasn't that great at all lacking seasoning big time. Not sure if they just had a off day. I might check it out one last time but not sure. Now the Gumbo was really good. So I might stop there for the Gumbo again.You must order bread pudding and shrimp po boy!!If you want a little taste of New Orleans this is the place to go. I am from the South and have visited NOLA many times. The Mufaletta here was as good as any I have had in New Orleans. Fried Mac and cheese were also good. Food was out in no time. Definitely worth a stop.Excellent place to stop in and get Cajun food. Service is quick and efficient. You get large portions for a low price.  The food was excellent . Highly recommend.I wish Chuck were here to show me where the best cheesesteaks were. But I made a trip to the Redding Terminal Market and lo and behold my friends took me to Beck's. The staff is friendly and will offer you samples of whatever you'd like to try: jambalaya, red beans and rice, gumbo and their ridiculous whisky sauce drenched bread pudding. 
I had a generous portion of their chicken and andouille sausage gumbo which made me wonder why I didn't make more trips to the South. Great flavor to the rice and gumbo. 
Then, this is now where I say, "I hate y'all," to my friends. The whiskey sauce bread pudding was incredible. I rarely say this but it was one of those things that made my stomach hurt in a good way. So ridiculously rich; the sauce has such a unique flavor. It's one of those things you wonder how you went through life without.I was debating between a 4 and 5 because I think the mac and cheese balls were overpriced, but it's unique enough to the area that it deserves a 5. I'll admit I've never had "authentic" Cajun food, but the gumbo was spicy but not overwhelming. The Train Wreck (sausage/salami po boy meeting a cheesesteak) is delicious; not as spicy as the gumbo but still enough heat to keep it interesting. Very warm and filling.
The staff is pretty nice and they do samples of the gumbo, so give it a shot.Excellent jambalaya! Will definitely come back to try out the jumbo. Service could have been a tad friendlier but it was a busy weekend with a ton of people coming in for the flower show.eat here. do it. it's sooo good. and get the train wreck po'boy. you won't be disappointed.Reading terminal market can be overwhelming not knowing where to begin when it comes to ordering. But Beck's Cajun Cafe makes it easy.
The staff was super helpful on helping my dad and I pick out what I eat.  The lady recommended the train wreck Po boy which was amazing. I would have ate that alone and been satisfied. We also had the fried Mac and cheese balls. We were given a sample of the bread pudding which I wish I had room for! 
Must eat place when you go to reading terminal. Whether you're from Philly or not. You won't regret it!Some of the best food I have ever eaten. Extremely flavorful. Everything was perfect. Definitely try the fried mac and cheese with bacon and gator gumbo.Cat fish poboy was full of fish and had ample filling-to-bread ratio. If only the fish was seasoned. At all. With anything. Bland and underwhelming :/WE LOVE THIS PLACE! The Bourbon Street Breakfast is perfect when you're still in mood for breakfast but want lunch too. Their Ettouffees are amazing too!Went for breakfast and had the peppers n eggs on a roll.  Very good sandwich.   The service was also very good, very friendly.I had the pleasure of having the beignets here on a Sunday. They aren't available everyday. They will give you free samples to try before you buy which is always a plus. 
Staff was friendly, I will be sure to try some gumbo or something else when I return, this was a foodie trip and I enjoyed other items in the market. I only had dessert at Beck'sDecided to hit the market for lunch on a rainy afternoon. After reading several reviews about what to eat, I looked up and noticed I was standing in front of Beck's. The reviews for their Mac n cheese balls did not disappoint!! They were excellent!!I came here once because i heard they offered Beignets on wed and sun.. and they do!
OM GOSH ever since I've been to Louisiana I've had a craving for these delightful French donuts. and i finally found them.
They aren't as good as the ones in the French quarter but they will do for now.The gator gumbo is pretty solid - rich with flavor but a little on the salty side. You can definitely tell that it's made from a well-loved recipe. I would highly recommend this dish for anyone who's first coming to Reading Terminal!So we were in line for Tony Dinic's. The GF notice Beck's and we got some small hand held items that we could snack on while waiting. She got the alligator sausage on a stick, this was good, it's meat on a stick. Fried mac & cheese ball was decent. I would skip the balls. 
Full disclosure, we just ate these items and nothing else. So this isn't the most full and fair review. But looks worthy. Would like to come back to this place and try some real food.One of my goals for my trip to Philadelphia was to visit Reading Terminal.  The place is filled with great options for food. I was leaning towards the southern food so it was either the fried chicken place (Deliah?) or the Cajun Cafe.  I  have been to New Orleans a couple of times, so I decided to try the Cajun Cafe to see how the food matched up.  The oyster po boy was great.  The oysters were friend nicely, not too greasy.  The mayo, pickles, and tomato were in good balance.  The bread had a nice chewiness to it as well.  I really enjoyed the Po Boy; it brought back some memories of New Orleans (pre-Katrina).  I also had an order of the Jambalaya (just cooked within an hour) and brought it back to the hotel.  There was a nice spiciness which was not overpowering. 
jambalayaI'll keep this one short and sweet, the Muffaletta  was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The meat and cheese was fresh and delicious, it was topped with an amazing olive salad, and the roll was to die for. I'll be forcing this place on my parents next time they come into town.Wow!  If Philadelphia and New Orleans had a child it would be named "Trainwreck".  Great sammich, great price, great service. Corn bread and gumbo is very good too.Went here for lunch a few days ago.. Wanted something different than the usual terminal fare so I gave Beck's a try. I wish I didn't . I ordered the Trainwreck and red beans and rice. Let's start with the good, the beans and rice were pretty good. Smoky and creamy with nicely cooked
 Beans. Lots of meat inclined to give the beans richness. A very good side dish. The sandwich was not so good . The sandwich has about 1000 ingredients so this next part is gonna sound stupid, it honestly tasted like nothing. It really had no flavor to speak of. Just very soggy
And greasy with too much onion. I think I might have ordered wrong . Not sure if I'd give this place another try , there are too many better options at the terminal for my
Money .The Bourbon Street Breakfast is really good and a great value. It's basically a dish of red beans and rice topped with a fried egg and split-and-toasted corn muffin. I had one today and it really hit the spot! Great comfort food. I also tried the gator sausage on a stick which was really good.Service was ok...they need to learn to smile. Food was excellent which is the 4 stars. I ordered the Train Wreck without seeing the yelp reviews and it was the bomb!  Tons of meat all put together with a perfectly chewy roll. There was also some tangy sauce on the roll which went well with the different meats. Also had the Chicken and Shrimp Gumbo.Food was good overall but not out-of-this-world! Ordered the fried shrimp platter with red beans & rice which came with cornbread on the side! Tasted great but I wish they gave you more shrimp and larger shrimp too. Also ordered a jambalaya bowl and fried mac n cheese to go (both solid!) and tried my friend's Train Wreck sandwich (yummmm!). They have a very strict policy when it comes to not allowing take out customers to sit at the counter. I saw a few takeout customers turned away and they were not pleased but there's also signs all over the place! Special shoutout to Kate who took care of us while we dined in!OMG! 
The Trainwreck! 
Sooo deliciously good! 
This sandwich is for the meat lover in you. 
It comes with Andouille sausage, steak, salami, cheese, and onion on a soft, yet crusty roll. 
I felt so fat because as I was eating the Trainwreck I was eyeing the Muffaletta. LOL 
If you ever find yourself in Reading Terminal, do yourself a favor and cop a squat at Beck's!I love me some Cajun food. But Philly lacks it. Beck's helps curb my craving. Their tasty, hearty food is worth the annoying wait in crowded Reading Terminal. The gumbo is my fave--it has a lot of spice, chunks of chicken, and spicy sausage in tasty, just-thick-enough broth over rice. The "cup" is $5.50, and super filling. Jambalaya is also good, as is the crawfish etoufee. And dessert looks great, though I'm alway too full to try it.Went with fiancé & we shared the Trainwreck, gumbo & the fried mac & cheese. We lucked out that day because everything was tasty delicious. everybody has their on off days. some days everything the chef makes is on point & their are some days when everything tastes alil off. i recommend the fried Mac & cheese. hands down, yummilicious! I'm not quite a meat eater but my fiancé is & he liked the Trainwreck very much. bread was just right. it was crispy on the outside & moist on the inside, was not soggy which is really important in my opinion. I'm not really a gumbo person but it was good. had enough kick to it & it wasn't too salty. if I could eat til my heart is content & not gain any weight, I would be eating here every week.I was able to sample a few things from here last week and nothing was disappointing! The fried spicy mac and cheese ball was hot and melty and totally homemade. I also had the alligator gumbo and I honestly don't think I've had gumbo before, but this was so good I may not want to try it from anywhere else! It was totally spicy, but warm and made me feel so much better on a rainy sick day i was having. 
To top it off I had their bread pudding, which is one of my favorite desserts, and it was  perfect. Warm, gooey, AND it had raisins and apple slices. I absolutely loved it. 
It was also the first time I was in Reading Terminal Market and that was an adventure in itself! I'll definitely be back to try more Southern Comfort food!I was expecting more from the fried mac and cheese balls after the Thrillist article said it was the best thing in the market...it was just fine. The noodles inside were standard elbow and the cheese was atomic yellow. The breading was too heavy and hard and the marinara sauce was too thin. The coffee tasted good but was cold.The alligator sausage po boy is nothing to write home about. It just tastes like regular old sausage, and the onions and peppers took up most of the sandwich compared to the tiny little sausage pieces.
The cashiers were clearly very unhappy to be working here.
You can find more flavorful sandwiches (with more meat) in Reading Terminal with more pleasant staff.I am writing this review over a to-go cup of Gator Gumbo... 
I would consider myself somewhat of a veteran when it comes to Reading Terminal but in regards to getting some game meats, fish or cuts that I wouldnt be able to get elsewhere, it's usually a one stop shop for me and I am off to the kitchen.
Today was a rare day that I decided to try Beck's.  I was there with a friend who said he read good things.  In my head, I started to think about my own trips to the Big Easy and all the different gumbos I have sampled and prejudged and just assumed this wouldnt be able to hold up.  Huge mistake... This is right up there with the best of Nola, and maybe the best I have ever had... no joke!
I originally went for a cup of the Crab, Shrimp, Crawfish Etouffe and my freinds tried the chicken and sausage gumbo.  Etouffe was awesome and I sampled their Gumbo, unreal as well.  I am almost depressed that I tried this because I always thought I made a pretty mean batch of gumbo and now I have to know this place exists and it is making me rethink my entire dark chocolate roux approach.  
The woman at the counter heard us talking and said that we really need to try the gator gumbo, gave us a sample and as I am typing, I am eating the cup I brought home with me.  Great spice level, smoky flavor...  Again, rethinking my entire approach.  I tried getting some info out of her as to what ingredients they make their roux with, to no avail.  She did give me a hint on how to cook the gator though... baby steps.  I will def. return many times again and continue to pry.  
My new goal is to replicate their gumbo.  This one may take a long, long time.Meh. I came here on account of the Yelp reviews and wasn't impressed in the slightest. I ordered the jambalaya. It tasted tomatoey, and most definitely NOT spicy. It was lukewarm and had almost no meat or shrimp in it. I think it literally contained one small shrimp, one piece of sausage and one tiny, barely identifiable scrap of chicken. They were even sparing with the veggies, throwing in maybe a half dozen pieces of celery for an entire bowl. Edible, yes. Delicious, no. And for about $8, totally not worth the price. I understand good food can cost. I would easily spend up to five times as much for a great lunch, and did just that this week, but this bowl of lukewarm, hard rice covered in tomato sauce was honestly just not worth the $8.Fried Shrimp Po Boy........
This was my first meal in Philadelphia during my 4-day stay, and did it ever set the bar high. While planning my trip, I searched for places that would offer large portions at a low cost. This sandwich fit that description to a t. The sandwich was nearly a foot long and was filled with a generous portion of deliciously fried shrimp and creamy cole slaw, all at under $9. 
While waiting for my sandwich to be made, I was offered a sample of their Gator Gumbo, which was equally delicious and was something I would probably order for my next visit. 
On your visit to Reading Terminal Market, definitely give Beck's a shot.