My brother came to visit and we wanted to pick up a six pack of good beers for a night in. Ended up staying and having a few while playing their Nintendo 64 (Super Smash Brothers, which the owner said was donated by fellow patrons). It's a great place with good food and genuinely nice people. Should be a staple in the Northeast.The owner Frank is super nice and always willing to look into ordering beer you want if they don't currently have it. They don't have a huge food menu but what they do have is good. I mostly go for the beer, they have one of the best selections around. The shop is clean, open late and has a small parking lot outback. They also have tables so you can sit and eat.Prices are reasonable.  The owner and the staff is friendly.  The place is clean.  The garlic soy wings and fries are delicious.Wings are amazingly flavorful! I love their beer selection as well... I would say the only negative is how small their menu is. There's little to chose from and you can't always get the same thing depending what day you go or what they have on the menu that day... but owner is very friendly and helpful.You just can't go wrong and if you do it's your fault. There menu is short simple and executed spot on every time. Friendly service and proud to be a part of the community. And if that's not enough they have beer lots of variety and they don't kill you on the prices.Known friends have stop  in. I had a chance to stop. Cheese steak are good. Like the Soy sauce garlic wings. I can taste the sugar in it. Very much like soy sauce chicken. Nice people. Thou, they did forget one order. That is ok. Will be back.If u need a little history on IPA etc. Frank is your guy! Great food & one of the largest variety of cold brews I've ever seen in a local spot.I tried this gem a couple months ago. Their menu is small but satisfying. There is something for everyone. I am on a diet and the owner actually made me a delicious salad that wasn't on the menu to cater to my needs. The prices are reasonable and I'd definitely recommend this place.Chase's is a great hole in the wall. Very small menu, but everything is done correctly... especially the fries. The beer selection is excellent. Also, great selection of games to play while enjoying some adult beverages. No frills type of perfection.Great selection of awesome beers and very solid food. Really like the Thursday special foods.Absolutely love this place. Come here atleast once a week during my lunch hour and Frank and his staff are great. Food selection is always interesting and beer selection is great. Excellent food and drink for an even better price. KudosThe prices are amazing! Good selection, not great but the prices make up for it. Frank is so nice and willing to get special stuff in if you ask.Stopped by here for the first time tonight after reading the glowing Yelp reviews and was VERY impressed!! I've been looking for good food in the area (we live in Fox Chase) and am definitely adding Chase's to my list. 
I am currently a pregnant vegetarian, so the typical cheesesteaks and beer are a no-go for me. I always hate asking if there are vegetarian options, because I feel like it makes me look pretentious, but the owner (I am assuming this is Frank) didn't make me feel like a bother at all! Luckily, they had an amazing grilled cheese and tomato basil soup combo that I ate in probably 5 min or less. SO GOOD. I also had their fries which were equally delicious.
My fiance had the spicy chicken sandwich--which he really enjoyed--but he went crazy for the cheesesteak fries!! 
The service was very friendly, the prices were great, and the ambiance was no frills, but very nice. I can't wait to go back and try their brunch (maybe even this weekend!) So happy to have found Chase's.Great beer selection, tasty unique food, friendly staff, great new addition to the area, hope the business lastsGarlic soy wings  and ice cold beers the best thing to happen to Burholme in a long time...  Good service!! Good food !! Good beer!!Nice little beer stop. Has a solid selection of craft beer. Their cheesesteaks are amazing and packed with meat. The French fries are also very good. If you are in the neighborhood and want s great cheesesteak and fries this is your place.Great cheesesteak great fries!  Beer selection is huge. Good service and reasonable prices too. Will definitely be back.Dope spot - good selection of craft beers and friendly employees (think the foodery in northlibs)I've being going to Chase's since they've opened and have always been pleased! Glad to see a hit bottle shop open in Northeast, especially as there really isn't much around. Frank, the owner is very friendly and attentive to your needs. He has a wide range of beer knowledge and offers an even better selection. The food was also surprisingly good for a beer shop. I was not expecting much but the brunch and wings were amazing! Everything is made with extra care to make sure you have great food. The wings used to but huge but are now on the smaller side but still seasoned and fried well.Went for cheesesteaks and fries and they were both very delicious! All of the staff were very friendly and welcoming. The prices are super reasonable as well. For two large cheesesteaks, a large fry, and two sodas it was about $22! It's a pretty small menu, but I'm sure the other items are delicious as well. It seemed like they had a really nice beer selection as well. There is also a parking lot out back so you don't have to pay for meter parking on Rising Sun Ave. We'll definitely go back 
Update 12/30/17: We went back again and it just keeps getting better! Tried the BBQ wings and they were so amazing! Best wings we've ever had. Awesome prices too: 2 large cheesesteaks, 6 wings, fries, and a soda-$25!If you are looking for a quick bite and beer without breaking the bank, this is your place. Stopped by there today and got two chicken tacos and a beer. Food came out quickly. Friendly staff. Clean place. Frank and the gentleman cooking were awesome. Will definitely be recommending this place and coming back.This place rocks. A cool spot in my neighborhood! Beer selection is really good. Food is great. If you're one of the folks dismayed at the demise of chimac, this place is similar in regards to the wings. But the fries, skin on the way they should be, put them over the top.Phenomenal food. Phenomenal service. I had the soy sauce wings and they were outstanding. Had a great conversation with Frank the owner. Strongly recommend this place. Also exceptionally clean. 5 stars hands down.Let me explain the 3 star rating. I've been wanting to try this place for the longest. It's not far from home at all. So, in my head, I had very high expectations - the wings should've been perfect, and the cheesesteak and turkey hoagie should've been the greatest I've ever tasted... but unfortunately, they weren't. 
The garlic soy wings were too salty. I guess because they were soaked in the sauce, which then made the wings soggy. I ordered a cheesesteak hoagie with the works including pickles and hot peppers. I received the cheesesteak without pickles and hot peppers. I ordered for pick up so I assumed everything I ordered was there. The turkey hoagie was ok, nothing special. I will say the plain double fried wings were good so I'll definitely order those again. 
The 3 stars will not deter me from going back. I will try something different next time.Wings were not "awesome." BBQ sauce lacks flavor, the breading was too much and the meat was meh. The fries were good and service came with a smile. May try their cheesesteak but would not give the wings a second chance.From the very first time I walked into Chase's Hop Shop, it was clear that Frank is easily one of the most caring small business owners I've ever met for a few reasons:
1) He goes out of his way know his customers by name and to get to know them on a personal level.
2) They have a big online and social media presence which is definitely helping their business. 
3) Frank is there morning, noon and night; his wife and kid are also often there too - and they all seem like a really great family which only makes the welcoming appeal of the shop even greater.
4) As soon as the store opened, there was an instant community-oriented vibe. They promote the other businesses and they've gotten involved in local events. They have a local radio show broadcasting out of the store, they've done paint nights, they often bring in breweries for tasting events and they also do first Friday events with special menu items. And even though I missed it, they did an outdoor movie night in the parking lot showing The Sandlot - how cool is that?
5) THE FOOD AND BEER! The menu started small, but over the last few months, it has slowly grown. But even when it started, the wings and fries were amazing. The beer selection has a good variety. And while they can't stock every single craft beer on the market, Frank has made it known that all you have to do is ask and he can get some new beers ordered. Good luck asking some other craft beer outlets to do that for you.
I am lucky that this little gem opened up close by. Frank and his wife are great people and the store is one of the best places to pop up in Northeast Philly.Great place to stop in and try a crazy selection of beers, grab some great food, and let your kids play on old school nintendo 64. Owner is super nice!!I came to this place a few times they have different kinds of beers from domestic to imported to IPA. If you are looking for a good selection in beer stop in and see for yourself.
They also make food here the fries a real potatoe sliced up they are delicious and the wings are good. They sometimes have beer tastings also .I've been wanting to try this place since I saw it was open but I finally tried it out, it was very nice , clean the staff was awesome including the owner he was hands on and had a conversation with me and made me feel welcomed. I'm not really a beer drinker but I did give Not Your Father's Root Beer  a try along with the Soy Garlic Wings- the wings were delicious and fried to perfection and the price was awesome !! They have HUGE selection of craft beers, and food. I will be visiting again :) They also have events as well which is pretty cool! Awesome place for Burlhome/NE PhillyFrank, the owner, is very knowledgeable and helpful.  He emphasized that this was a friendly shop, encouraging ppl to know his name and become regulars.  Def takes pride in his shop.  Wings were large and meaty,  and the cheesesteak was cooked to my preferences.  Very accommodating.   The fact that you can grab a single beer from the 6 packs is great!  All reasonably priced.  I love how he had a cooler just for local brews!Love love love this place. The only one of its kind in the area. Was able to pick my own 6 pack out of a really good selection of all sorts of craft brews and ciders, accompanied by a sandwich with Boars Head, also hard to find in this area. Will return time and time again.Excellent food and service. best was the soy wings then the bbq wings. The buffalo wings were standard but nothing exceptional, nothing bad though. the fries were the only unacceptable thing we ordered. they were overcooked and not seasoned at all. (smaller ones were actually crispy like potato chips. the cheesesteaks were great.. soft warm bread with a very good
portion of meat. great flavor. we were very disappointed to find out a lot of the items in the yelp pics are no longer offered due to the chef that was cooking them going elsewhere. This covers the breakfast items and mac and cheese bites. :( I recommend getting a few more unique menu items.. but overall enjoyed the place!!  service was very personable. They were definitely eager to please and very friendly.A+ beer selection, A- Philly cheese steaks. Can't recommend enough, especially at the excellent pricesGreat selection of craft beer which you can't find anywhere else in the northeast and their wings are the best!Now, this is a place with wonderful service! Very cool, attentive, friendly guy who waited on us and made us feel very comfortable. Cool atmosphere- they had a Nintendo 64 and alot of their games available for us to play, and we had a blast! Also, enjoyed their hot wings. We would definitely go backDefinitely a hidden gem in the northeast. Drove passed it and never even noticed this place until my friend told us about it. Love the selection of craft beers and the food was delicious. I ordered the bacon cheeseburger and had cherry peppers added to it. The wings were really good too. Reminds me of Korean fried chicken. Best part was that everything was really affordable. Glad it's right down the block. Definitely will come here again.This place is awesome.  Great selection of beers, awesome food, and the owner Frank is the man.  Been going here ever since it opened and will continue to.  I tell everyone I know about this place and hope it stays there foreverI wanted to like this place so much!! Stopped by Chase's for lunch and a drink and had a pretty average experience. The staff was friendly and they offer a great beer selection but food-wise we found it to be lacking. We ordered a sandwich, Jim's fries, and garlic soy wings. The fries and wings are supposed to be the go-to items so we figured we'd stick to what's popular but we were disappointed. Not only did it take FOREVER for our food to come out but when it did the wings were super super dry and the fries were pretty much just limp fries with some steak and a small slice of melted cheese on them. Everything was lacking in flavor and we left most of it on our plates. The sandwich was fine, nothing to rave about. 
I'd say this place is great to make your own 6-pack, skip the food.Love this place! Just moved to Fox Chase and this will definitely be our go-to place for a beer and a fast meal
Edited: Frank is amazing! Do yourself a favor and get the spicy chicken sandwich. I have Frank make mine extra spicy :) and their wings! Omg their wings! They are so good! Get the sauce on the side. You barely even need any. Great place!Went for cheesesteaks and fries and they were both very delicious! All of the staff were very friendly and welcoming. The prices are super reasonable as well. For two large cheesesteaks, a large fry, and two sodas it was about $22! It's a pretty small menu, but I'm sure the other items are delicious as well. It seemed like they had a really nice beer selection as well. There is also a parking lot out back so you don't have to pay for meter parking on Rising Sun Ave. We'll definitely go backIf you want excellent customer service, a huge selection of single or six pack beers and beverages, and flavorful food, you come here. They were super gracious about my gluten allergy and very willing to work with me to make a meal I could eat. Free parking on the Oxford side of the restaurant make this an even more appealing quick stop.A nice, cool spot located by Five Points in Northeast. I heard of this place from my friends and was pleased with the atmosphere. They have a great, wide selection of craft beers (initially what brought me in and will continue to). They have board games and a Nintendo 64 for customers to hangout and they also have movie night in the back which is pretty neat. Check them out if you're into comfort food and crafts!This is a really cool spot. Great selection of beer that you can mix and match, changing menus and board games if you're interested. The wings were crispy and amazing!!! Staff were friendly and kept our beer warm as we ate and drank. Will definitely put this in the weekend rotation.Delicious wings, fresh cheesesteaks and an amazing beer selection. I feel like I may have sold myself short when I didn't try out the breakfast options. I gave this place a three because it could use a good cleaning. They have a lot of potential if they spruced up the atmosphere. I would definitely stop by for some beer take out in the future.Just went back for another outstanding bunch. I had a new hangover hash: potatoes,fried jalapenos, onions,eggs,bacon,homemade cheese sauce. The wife had red velvet battered Brioche french toast stuffed with fresh Strawberries & sweet cream cheese. Lucky for me she did not finish it and I helped her do so. Yup fantastic as well. This place really does have a amazing chef. Never disappointed eating here.Damn good food, obviously folks know how to properly handle ingredients. 
Beer selection is well above par.. like well above. 
Service was on point, price was way reasonable. 
We had chicken buffalo wrap, cheeseburger, small fry, and an order of Jim's Fries. Wrap had very welcome accompaniment of pickled veggies. Cheeseburger had bacon jam. Jim's fries have cheese steak. Eat the buffalo chicken wrap over Jim's fries. Trust me.Pick your own six packs, you can get hoagies and cheesesteaks. Neat and clean place. Told us about many events they are doing weekly. Very refreshing for burholme.I'm not much of a beer drinker but if I was, I guess this place would be the equivalent of a kid in a candy store. 
There lies against the wall a large selection of beers from all over the world and Frank was kind enough to go over his selection of craft beers and suggest me something that I might like even though I am not much of a beer drinker. 
In addition to all of the beers, his place also has some eats as well, hoagies, fries, cheese steaks, and korean style double fried chicken wings that are nice and crisp and you don't have to order in $20 batches which is a plus.Hands down this is the best 'bottle shop' in the area with a great selection of beers. I consider my self a craft beer guy and this place nails it with great service and pricing. I now stop here regularly on my way home from work. Highly reccomend. 
I reserve one star as I have yet to try the food.Love this place. Usually get jims fries and wings. Cheesesteaks are bomb too. I usually check out the beer of the month special and grab a sixer!