Looking for something tasteless, greasy, and overpriced?! Head on over to George's Sandwich Shop! What a disaster. The roast pork sandwich is listed as $7.00, fine, but any sandwich-eater worth their salt (or pepper) knows that a sandwich isn't complete without some toppings, and George's sticks it to you ever-so-casually: "Anything on that?" Unsuspecting customers will be charged on top of the $7 for what should be basic, included toppings. This would be acceptable if the sandwich had any semblance of decency, yet it is completely revolting from first glance to last choked bite.The bread was completely soggy and drenched in oil that was hot enough to burn my hand. The pork was entirely flavorless, the provolone and broccoli rabe couldn't even save it. I regret wasting my appetite on this disgrace of a sandwich. Do yourself a favor and go down the street to Paesano's instead.MmmmmmMmmm. You can find a philly cheesesteak at almost every corner in the city but it's nearly impossible to find a place that sells really good italian sausage sandwiches and italian roast beef.  George's Sandwich Shop is located right in the Italian Market area. Order an italian sausage sandwich and you have a choice of sweet, hot, or *burn my ass* peppers..  The sandwiches here are enormous and very satisfying.  They also have tripe sandwiches, hot dogs, crab cake sandwiches. Funny quote discovered here: "Don't divorce your wife if she can't cook...eat here and keep her as a pet." :)Forget Pat's and Geno's.  This is authentic Philly sub's right here.  I love a provolone, onion cheese steak and  these guys know how to make it.  Bread is what makes this the best place i've been to.  Why wait in line for 30 minutes at the tourist traps when you can go to George's and get a real sandwich.  This place needs more credit, but I love that its tucked away in the Italian market which keeps it more accessible to the locals.The balding guy may look crabby. But his service is prompt and on spot. As is the menu items. The place may look like a dive inside. And on a hot day it may be less than comfortable to eat inside. But it is all well worth it. 
My favorite is the Italian Sausage Sandwich. I always get the "Burn my ass" which is semi-hot for me. For vanilla folks it will burn. 
Also one can NEVER go wrong with the Pork Sandwich with Provolone. I even took a girl on our first date to this place for lunch. Yeah a bit low brow. But she still raves about the pork so all was well! 
Screw Geno's or Pat's for Pork. Take the walk to George's instead!Located in the heart of the Italian Market is this mostly take-out sandwich joint, although there are 5-6 stools inside.  You can get a cheesesteak here, but I would recommend ordering the roast pork sandwich.  Or if you`re adventurous, you can even opt for tripe.
Keep in mind, any cheese, brocooli or other addition to the base meat will each cost additional cash.  Which I would say is mildly annoying, especially that your $7 sandwich can turn into a $10 sandwich very easily.  
The roast pork is very tender and juicy.  You will see it being scooped up from a vat of deliciousness that it has been simmering in for many hours.  Those aromas that hit you while ordering will help perk up your appetite.  It`s juiciness will also soak into your breat quickly though, so be sure to dig into your sandwich quickly, especially if you take it to-go.  Would agree that the older bald guy w/ some facial hair is grumpy, but the young lady who ended up making my sandwich was very sweet.  (perhaps his daughter, ha !)I gotta say I was rather disappointed by our recent experience here. My sister was really looking forward to trying the T&T sandwich but they were out of tongue. Instead she ordered the regular tripe sandwich and it was quite bland. I tried some as well, and had to agreed it was bland. I ordered a cheesesteak and that was also a little bland, I think it would have been better if there was more cheese and grilled onions. Also they put the ketchup on top, instead of on the inside of the sandwich which made it really messy to eat, so If  I ever go again I would ask them to put it inside the sandwich. Staff were really friendly there and everything smelled really good.The cheese steak was delicious. I love the crispy crunch of the bread, then it was soft on the inside.Very surprisingly, this was by far the tastiest roast pork / broccoli rabe sandwich we tried at of the 3 nearby places in Philly.  Moist, very flavorful - Delicious!Having been born and raised in Philadelphia, I have spent my share of time in the Italian Market area, first shopping with my mother and then for my family. My first memories of this shop was eating a pork sandwich while waiting for the bus to go back home. It was exquisite then and still is today. This was over 40 years ago. The pork is tender and sweet, on a crusty Italian roll. It is not over-spiced like others just with basic pork juice goodness. A little black pepper and mustard with sharp provolone cheese makes this a must sandwich to have. While the cheesesteaks are good, a pork sandwich like this defines the essence of Philadelphia, a gastronomic experience not to be missed.I have never given a 5 star review with only writing a few sentences. This place is amazing. Tripe sub and spicy BBQ veil sub are so so tasty!Every Philadelphian worth his pretzel salt knows that Philly is home to not just one excellent hot, cheesy sandwich, but two. While our reputations hinge on the cheesesteak, the roast pork sandwich also deserves great acclaim. Now I won't sit here and tell you that "real Philadelphians disregard the cheesesteak and claim roast pork to be their own" because that's straight up ridiculous. We can live in a two-sandwich city and all enjoy ourselves. But I digress.
You may be familiar with the favorites. John's Roast Pork, DiNic's, Tony Luke's, and the like. And while these fine establishments certainly all make delicious roast pork sandwiches, only one reigns supreme--George's on 9th street.
If you know your sandwiches then you know George's. Right at the corner of 9th and Christian, George's is an unassuming eatery that features window ordering in addition to their indoor counter. George's has a limited menu--just braised meat sandwiches with few add-ons. 
Perhaps their best, however, is the roast pork, with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe. It's perfect through and through. Great roll, meat is as tender as possible, great cheese, perfectly executed broccoli rabe--it's just awesome. Plus, there will never be an insane wait.
If you're in the mood for a roast pork, get to 9th street and hit up George's. You'll be happy.I work less than 8 minutes walk from the Italian Market.  Probably could make it here in 5 minutes, but I walk like a sloth - S  L  O  W.  I like to blame this pace on my penchant for stopping to take random photographs, but no, I'm just  S L  O  W.  A blind 89 year old man in a wheelchair with only 1 arm to propel himself could outpace me, but I digress.
My friend Michael T, the Reno Yelp CRM, has been on my mind lately as I've noticed a few places claiming to have the best roast pork sandwiches in Philly.  Thought I'd give this place a shot and I'm glad I did. It's a tiny tiny divey shop, obviously run by a tight knit gang who have to juggle doing everything within 6 inches of each other.
My sandwich was promptly delivered to me 3 minutes after I ordered it. I sat on the tiny counter on a tiny stool and ate my giant sandwich which was around $7.  It could've been 2 meals! Of course, I loved the bread and the juicy pork dripping with flavor. Skipped the rabe (sorry!) and shoulda added provolone cheese, but a girl's gotta watch her already curvy curves.Was on 9th st yesterday and got hungry so I stopped at Georges. The Pork with broccoli rabe and provolone was disgusting. Pork was fat and greasy, the provolone was non existent, the broccoli rabe was way, way over boiled and the rol was one of those that you buy at the non-descript chain supermarket that comes plastic wrapped in a bag of 6 (border line hot dog roll) . To make matters worse he slopped in a load of the greasy pork gravy and made the sandwich completely mush. YUCK!
George, buy some decent bread, use real provolone slices and buy decent quality pork.
I'm sticking to DiBruno Bros for my sammie for now on.Though not my favorite cheesesteak in this city, it probably makes a close second.  This being slightly cheaper and in a less seedy neighborhood.  The rolls were both crunchy and chewy, and there were a few veins of juice streaming down my arms as I ate.  It is a very solid place despite its size.  I found myself finishing my drink first just so the taste of the steak would linger a while longer.I asked a friend to give me a tour around the Italian market even though I live in Center city. I rarely come to this area and wanted to know where to eat and what to shop for. 
My awesome tourguide friend brought me to George's for breakfast/brunch. When you look at this place from outside and the moment you step in, you know it's a small diner and you're not sure how the food is going to be. However I was really surprised by the 
-cheap price 
-fresh food
-awesome owner
-fairly lengthy menu for such a small place
-unlimited customers walking in/out
My two friends got the french toast and I got a egg cheese sausage breakfast sandwich, which they normally give you on a hoagie bun but the owner asks if you want it on a normal toast which is what i did. 
Of course you can't expect the gourmet unique brunch tastes at George's, but once in a while everyone craves that 
-simple fresh slightly greasy homemade style breakfast food-
and, if you are craving this, then this is the place to go! The food took a bit to  come out (weird) because there is only one cook and we had a few customers ahead of us. But I would definitely go back if I go back to the italian market area. I want to try their sandwiches for lunch next time! 
Another plus, the owner is awesome. She can have a great conversation with the frequent customers (like my friend) and  will make ur meal even better!Finally found the time to visit the italian market when I visit Philly and I'm so glad I was able to eat at George's. The italian market is a small stretch of streets that display some of the great shops and eats you can find in italy. They have everything from fresh produce to fresh cured meats from local butchers. There is also a small abundance of restaurants and coffee shops that offer up some delicious treats. 
George's sandwich shop is one of the more famous stops a long the italian market and it is well deserved fame. This small hole in the wall restaurant operates like a fine tuned machine churning out sandwiches as quickly as customers place orders. 
I ordered the roast pork and tripe sandwich. It was amazing! The roasted pork is not over seasoned and its just enough so you can appreciate the quality of the pork. The tripe is melt in your mouth and it does not taste gamey at all. If you ever had doubts of tripe, come here and give it a shot. If you clothes your eyes and take a bite the tripe is so tender its like butter. 
Along with the friendly locals and staff, George's sandwich shop has become a "must go to" spot for me when ever I come to Philly.Poor George! The woman working with him was disrespectful to me and also very disrespectful to George.  My breakfast was the worst I've ever had at a restaurant.  The eggs were runny (ordered over medium), sausage had no flavor, and bacon under cooked.  I honestly felt ill an hour after leaving there (only ate a few bites) and spent the rest of the day very close to the bathroom. George's is not a friendly environment and food was beyond horrible.If it's good enough for TV then it's good enough for me, that's what I thought. It was my first time at George's and of course I had to order the famous TNT. I love tripe and I've never had beef tongue, so why not! My first bite into the sandwich was bland and disappointing, and so was the second bite. But the meats were tender and worthy of the fine hoagie roll that housed the sandwich. After taking the TNT home, emptying the contents into a bowl, and sprinkling it with salt and pepper, the hoagie became tasty and flavorful.I was very careful not to review the George's down the street. With that said, I have lived in Philly all my life and this is the worst roast pork sandwich I have ever had. The pork was fatty, the provolone was weak, and the broccoli rabe was cold. I feel bad for the George's down the street.  They have to share a name with this place, and I'm sure it hurts their business.As tourist one of the things we knew was a must is a Philly cheese steak sandwich.  We ended up at George's and loved it!Quick service! Prepped and ready. Easy access through the window ordering. Never seen steak cooked to order and let me tell you, you can taste the difference! Had my cheese steak with American, peppers and onions. With a big bag of chips and soda it was $11! GREAT deal and perfect spot near the Italian market. Will def return.My dad took me here for my some of my very first street food back in the late '80s when I was but a little kid. We'd always get the Italian sausage sandwich, and it was always a revelatory experience. It was then that I learned that a fat scary-lookin' guy in a ponytail in a dirty hole-in-the-wall where you get served through a window and you eat off a trashcan outside is DAMN FINE DINING. Get a sausage sandwich here on one of their great rolls with red sauce and long hots. The menu says you can get it mild, hot, or "burn my ass hot." If you're up for it, go for the latter. You won't (or maybe will) be sorry.
I only recently tried the porchetta sandwich here, and it may even be better than the sausage. Of note: I actually gave this place 10 stars  but Yelp cut off the last five.For a long time, I didn't know the name of this place. We just called it the "sandwiches you will like place," because a hand-lettered sign in the window read "We have sandwiches YOU will LIKE." As it turns out, that sign was true. After a recent remodel, the sign disappeared but thankfully, the sandwiches you will like did not.  George's cheesesteaks are better than his better-known brethren to the south (that'd be Pat's and Geno's for you geographically challenged Yelpers) but the real sensation at this little hole in the wall is the roast pork and provolone. Unless you're Jewish or vegetarian, you need to eat one of these. Grab a handfull of napkins though--they're juicy.Dissapointing, after coming straight from Paesano's II.  I had high hopes especially after seeing the goods stewing behind the window.  I had the tounge and tripe sandwiches with hot peppers.  Right away you can tell the goods were not treated with care as most of the meat flavor has been boiled out of the meat before simmering in the sauce.  You end up with bland chunks of meat with a very oily sauce.  The tongue was a complete disaster as all of the mineral, beefy flavor was somehow lost.  To top off the experience the man in the window had an attitude reminiscent of that Seinfeld character, the soup Nazi.  I know its a walk up window but smiles don't cost a thing.Ok. How do i get you to go outside of your conservative, food comfort zone and order one of the best sandwiches you will ever eat? Ready? the Tongue with provolone is that sandwich. Where will you eat the Italian version of this under-rated meat? So close your eyes and experience why Georges is so special. Just wonderful.I started off ordering sautéed veal with green peppers & onions once a week.  Great local, fresh bread & delicious sautéed veal  (but you might need a fork to finish it.)
Then, I saw bizarre foods & tried the TnT (tongue and tripe.)  Now I have trouble deciding what to order week to week.
That said, I always add a container of tripe & side of bread.   
If I miss a week or 2, I find myself craving it!I have Eaten at every cheesesteak place in Philadelphia it seems and this is by far the best!! my out-of-town friends and  Family agree along with everyone locally I bring change their mind from Tony Luke's or any other place, The owner and his daughter are so nice and sweet and the flavor in all their ingredients especially their steak and hot peppers just knock your socks off!! #1 by far!!!This is my go-to spot for a quick hot sandwich at the italian market. I suggest the roast pork sandwiches. Tripe is also on offer, which is pretty unusual. Try that if you're into it. It's take-out and sidewalk dining only.Made my annual road trip to Philly today to catch up on sandwiches and pastries.  This is a hidden gem:
Awesome TRIPE sandwich.  Tender, tasty and served with a savory, smokey tomato sauce.   Perfect!   If you like organ meats, this is the sandwich for you.  And it's less than $10.  Get it with peppers and onions.
Downside?  The Tripe Sandwich needed a touch of salt.
Another downside:  Only six stools. and NO A/C!!!  At least today.
I also tried the cheesesteak sandwich which was also quite tasty and up there in quality among other Philly cheese steak giants but i was so caught up in the tripe that I was too full to honestly evaluate the cheese steak.  I brought it back to NYC and will heat it up tomorrow or next week. .We really only ventured to this place after seeing the special on Andrew Zimmern's show. They showcased some special sandwiches with tripe and cow tongue, but we left slightly disappointed.
We all shared the roast pork, tripe, and cow tongue (or I believe they called it something veal?). The roast pork was probably the best of the three, because it was really meaty and moist (moist is an understatement, as this sandwich ran its juices right down my arm). Although the other two were moist, I really think they lacked a lot of flavor. They were really bland! I wouldn't have known that I was eating tripe or tongue if someone didn't tell me. Maybe the market they serve to don't enjoy the texture or gaminess of these ingredients, but as an Asian-American growing up eating these delights, tripe and tongue can really be exquisite.
Onto the next one.I had the beef tongue and tripe sandwich and it was delicious. I got mine with peppers and onions. I have to go back to try the spicy lamb.Anyone worth their high blood pressure knows Philly's best sandwich is the roast pork. I'll never fully grasp why the cheesesteak would be printed on our $1 bills if we became our own sovereign nation because the flavors of pork are far more interesting and tasty. Differences in cook temperatures, marinades, and seasoning create more room for a better sandwich. Compare honor roll student sharp provolone against the short bus services of whiz and all doubt, in my minority opinion, is removed.
This proliferation of great roast pork makes it easy to spot impostors; the bad ones that have the authenticity of fat Vegas Elvis impersonators. This is George's. The pork tastes like it was marinated in water. The broccoli rabe fails to add its trademark bitterness and if the sharp provolone was a knife it would struggle to cut its way through warm butter.
If you're thinking about George's, you're thinking about the Italian Market. That's the good news; your thoughts have plenty of room to wander elsewhere. Let them take you away from this place.I like Georges.  I really like the tongue and tripe sandwiches and bowls.
These things are $7.50.  These are not gourmet things.  During the summer, it's over 100 + degrees inside and that makes people working there not want to smile.
Sometimes when people see a place on the tv, they see the interview and the owner smiling and kinda talking - these folks get to thinking that a place is somehow AMAZING and SPECTACULAR when, in reality, the place is just what it is and what its always been.  
This place serves up some very nice honest, working mans food, modestly prepared and there's no air of bullshit.  Well, unless you get the tripe.  And that is straight up barnyard.  
To the folks who saw the place on Zimmerns show, he said it like it is.  It is what it is.  Don't read too much into it.Excellent tripe sandwich, with onions and long hot peppers.Respectfully, this is the (sleeper) best cheesesteak in the city. Of course better than the tourist traps, but also better than the serious contenders like John's and Steve's. That's down to special care they put into sandwich-making here. They griddle every sandwich to order, marinate their own long-hot peppers, and add a splash of seasoned fat from their house-made spicy veal (another great sandwich) to the griddle when they fry up your meat or onions. The surprising thing is that even a decent cheesesteak can be a pretty bland sandwich - all fat and not a lot of flavor. George's steaks, on the other hand, have the right dose of zest alongside the meaty cheesy goodness. My order is a steak w/ fried onions, long-hots, extra cheese (American) and a little extra salt and pepper. I'd recommend anyone who favors the other quality sandwich shops in the city to give that combo a try. PS do NOT confuse them with the other George's farther south in the Italian Market - definitely not the same.Best Philly non-cheesesteak sandwiches around.  Forget trekking all the way to Tony Luke's, George's will not disappoint! 
Meatballs, sausage & peppers, roast pork: everything is made with the best local ingredients, service is immediate, prices are cheap.  
For cheesesteaks, you still want to hit one of the many other nearby joints specializing in same, but for any other South Philly-style street sandwich you should look no further.Totally a hidden/underrated gem, and the best cheesesteaks I've had thus far in Philadelphia. Really nice, conversational people, too, who represent the character of Philadelphia well.The Roast Pork sandwiches are on point. That is to say, there's a ton of porchetta on there and plenty of juice. All the appropriate fixins are available: broccoli rabe, fried long hots, provolone. And to top it off the guy hands it to you through a window. Just something about sandwiches that get passed through windows. Delicious!I moved out of Philly 5 years ago, and the one thing I still often crave is George's Roast Pork. I was in the city on Friday and stopped by to pick up a container to take home for Saturday (it is Lent so I couldn't eat it though I was dying for it at that moment). The smell of George's shop is intoxicating! It's small and the place was packed for lunch, as well as had a line outside for the walk up window. I used to live in the neighborhood and ate there weekly.
The service was quick and efficient. I love the old school, South Philly attitude of the man behind the grill! I have to laugh at some of the reviews of tourists mentioning the service as unhelpful or rude. They obviously don't realize that is not the case at all, this is just how us Philadelphians are. We are not warm & fuzzy people by nature. The guy made me miss Philly even more!!! I highly recommend that you eat a sandwich there and get some meat to take home because you'll be left with wanting more later. 
I love this place and always visit when I'm back I the city. Everyone in Philly knows this is the place to go for roast pork. Period.Oh, pork juice, all over my hands.  So juicy, so tasty, so pork-n-provolone.  Is that a little bit of garlicky awesome broth?  Yeah, I'll be back after last week's experiment.Stopped in at George's recently for a quick bite to eat before work.  I used to live down the street from this place and never thought to go into this sidewalk joint.  I thought it looked dirty and probably wouldn't be good...but wow, was I wrong.  I mean, yes the place is definitely grimy looking, but the hoagies are delicious!  I got the spicy veal hoagie with peppers, onions, and provolone.  It was so flavorful and was served on a really fresh hoagie roll.  I lathered it up with hot sauce, and it was really perfection.  I had a bite of my boyfriend's roast beef hoagie, which was also spectacular, but I think I"ll be sticking with the spicy veal.  
I can't wait to go back to try out their other sandwiches.  I also noticed that Andrew Zimmermn was also here for his show to try the tongue sandwich....hmm...I am intrigued by that.I come here for their pork sandwiches which are good, but not the best I've ever had in Philly. The meat is always tender and juicy and the rolls are great. It's fast and friendly service.Two different addresses for this, maybe?  The one I entered said "1007" on the front door, and the ladty behind the counter called it George's Luncheon or something similar - so I wrote the review on that.
Oh, well, either way, Saturday morning breakfast here has been a real treat for me.  Keep up the great work regardless of the name on the door, wall, business card,...you get the point ;)George's  sandwich shop it's amazing I recommend getting the pork and veal combination it's excellentWay better than Johns. I was almost thinking that I didn't like roast pork sandwiches anymore. These guys got it rightI have been here twice and love the food. My first visit I got a roast pork sandwich and the meat was tender as well as delicious. My second visit I had a meatball sandwich which was probably on par with my own grandmother's homemade meatballs. Also a friendly staff who makes you feel at home.Ordered the TNT, Cheesesteak, and Italian sausage. 
TNT was bland at first, then I put a dash of black pepper and it was a decent hoagie, and at $7 it was a steal. 
The cheesesteak was a little dry, make sure to ask the cook to not over cook the steak, and at $6.50 it's a way better deal than pat's steak or Geno's steak down the street. 
The Italian sausage (hot) wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be. But will definitely be looking forward to the spicier flavor (burn my ass)Awesome sandwichs. I have eaten everything they have to offer. Suprisingly have never been let down. Watch out for the long hots, they will sneek up on you.Nice little sandwich shop with that family run feel.  George makes a hell of a meatball sandwich with hot peppers and sells it for cheap.  The bread is good enough to add to the sandwich instead of detracting.  Next time I will have the BBQ veal which looks excellent.This is traditional slow cooked working people food.  It's honest and well prepared.  
I really do love the tongue and tripe sandwiches and bowls along with the spicy veal.  
These are all slow cooked for hours and hours, very tender and the long hot they offer really completes the dish.  
I love this kind of stuff.