RIPPED OFF!!!!
Total slime balls!!
Note: there are no prices listed on the truck.  (At least not during the 2nd Street Festival in NoLibs.)
My friend went there and ordered the fried chicken platter with an extra side of yams.  The guy working there told him it would be $14 for the platter and $2 for the side.  He said ok, I'll be right back and left to go pick something up really quickly.
He comes back to pick up the food and forks over a $20 bill for he order.  They take it and he asks for his change.  (Should be $4.)  Instead of giving him his change back, they tell him it is $20 - $16 for the platter and $4 for the side.  (Sudden price increase?!?!)
My friend argues with them briefly and tells him that isn't what they agreed to before and he just wants the change.  The guy refuses so my friend leaves, having paid an extra $4.
Bottom line: don't eat here!  They're dishonest and completely rude.
Oh, and on top of that, the food was bland.  Spent $20 for bland food.  Shame.
(No, my opinion about the food wasn't biased by his experience.  He told me after we ate so I would still enjoy my food and not go out and tear them a new one.)My lunch included a small portion of jerk chicken, collard greens, and apparently cabbage.  I wanted Mac and cheese!  Cabbage sounds nothing like Mac-n-cheese!  Anyway, after my initial shock and disappointment when I opened the container, I started digging into the chicken.  Portions are very big, and the chicken fell off the bone and was juicy.  I love Jamaican food and get the cuisine in any city I visit, so I was a bit disappointed by their chicken.  It wasn't bad, just not very flavorful or memorable.  Collard greens and cabbage (ugh) were the same story.  For $8 plus tip, I was expecting something much more, especially after all the great reviews. I did notice the customers ahead of me ordered chicken wings, so maybe I'll try that the next time.  
I can't imagine a worst place to be then in a food truck during a heat wave, so I will say that the service was very friendly by the lady.The secret to GIgi and Big R is NOT to order the fried chicken. The fried chicken is still a very solid choice, but nothing too special. Instead go with the jerk chicken. It's just a little bit spicy and it's oh-so-tender and juicy. 
For sides, I almost always go with the mac n' cheese and the dirty rice. The mac n' cheese is much like the fried chicken, very solid but nothing special. However, the dirty rice is amongst the best I've had, and yes, I have had Bojangles.
Also, skip the sandwich. It's just...chicken between two slices of plain white bread. Get the platter! 
Yes, you can expect to wait for your food at Gigi's, but it's worth it!Since it was our first time, Gigi let us sample from the menu. We settled on the jerk chicken, collared greens, cabbage and rice. The profile picture must be the small platter because we got the large and the food was piled so high the lid could barely close! The second platter was for the kids: fried chicken, mac and cheese, fries and candied yams (that she threw in for free). Everything was delicious and more food than we could possibly eat.  I enjoyed talking with Gigi and learning her and her husband's back ground. I loved this food truck and hope to return, or visit their restaurant.Incredible food, and a small ($7) platter is two meals' worth for me.
greens, beans and rice, jerk chicken. or fried.The best carribean food truck in city. Jerk chicken is very good. Been a fan over 2 years, I make sure I find them at every festival to take a platter home.Utterly satisfying. Soul food at its finest. 
I had the pleasure of dining with Gigi and Big R by happenstance; they were parked in the VIP section of a Roots concert, and the queue was very lengthy every time I walked by. I stood in front of the truck and stared at the menu for some time, It was not until I watched platefuls of food pass by me that I gave into the temptation and ordered the platter of curry chicken, with a side of beans & rice, and cabbage. 
Ugh. I had never had this cuisine before, and can't stop thinking about it since. Forget falling off the bone; the chicken melts in your mouth. I also appreciated how there was still a bone, and the skin and cartilage was still left on. The beans and rice were just soft enough, and the cabbage had a light meaty flavour- it was perfect. I was surprised as the woman who served me keep ladling food onto the takeaway plate. It must have weight at least a pound or two! The curry was not too strong, and not spicy at all. 
I'm so glad this cart was here; I can't wait to go back.This truck boasts the BIGGEST lunch box in the university city area and they're right!!! You can order a SMALL jerk chicken with 2 sides for $7 and save half of it for dinner. I'm not kidding.... and I can eat!
I was so bummed when my original jamaican truck left me with its delicious oxtail. But ....  As I was walking from HUP, I saw this truck also selling a Caribbean cuisine. Jerk chicken and oxtail are pretty good. The Jerk chicken is  seasoned with lots of spices and herbs and pretty tender. The oxtail is a bit harder, but they serve steak fries and it's great for soaking up all the sauce!!
I would make sure to come a little earlier. They're not the most efficient pair working together. Also, make sure you only tell her the size and entree. The guy will ask for your sides afterwards.got to check them out during mt airy night market in august. long line but worth the wait. got the fish with greens and mac. loved it. douse the fish with lots of hot sauce and your set. for what you pay you get a lot. more than 4 pieces of fish. the collard greens hit the spot and mac and cheese was great. this was satisfying meal. makes you sleep after ;)The fish is great, but the macaroni is straight out the box. For the prices they charge i expect something other than kraft mac n cheese. The jerk chicken is good. They raised their prices a lil while ago which sucks. I would probably go more often  if it were cheaper since I work across the streetThis food truck actually comes to my job over in South Jersey and my job goes nuts! 
We get a lot of visits from various food trucks and this one is by far the BEST!
I got the fish, mac and cheese, greens, and rice & beans! Everything was phenomenal! 
I hope they come every Friday!I wanted to like this truck, as I enjoyed it at a previous food truck event.  Unfortunately, this time around, they took my order and i waited at least 20 minutes, while other orders behind me were getting done.  They were very disorganized to say the least.  
I ordered the jerk chicken.  When I opened the package, what a disappointment.  ONE piece of thigh meat with SIX PIECES of soggy chicken SKIN sitting in the sauce.  Wow...so not worth the wait or the $10 price.  They get one star for my friend's fried fish dish, which was okay.  I genuinely hope they can turn it around and get consistency.Nothing makes me happier than seeing GiGi and Big R's Soul Food Truck at the Mann Center for the Performing Arts.  Honestly, I get excited seeing the other food trucks too, but this is the only place I've seen Gigi and Big R.  
This is serious soul food!  Ask for a sample and see if you don't love the chicken...I normally get a platter, which includes 2 sides, for 15 bucks...when you pickup the platter you will be shocked at how much it weighs!  I've had the fried chicken breast several times, and this past weekend at the Furthur concert, tried the Jerk Chicken...YUM!  The jerk chicken had some serious heat.  I got 2 drumsticks and the meat was just falling off the bone.  It was NOT as much chicken as you get when you ordered fried...but plenty for one person...
I *always* get the Mac and Cheese and Candied Yams as my sides...the yams are so sweet its practically a desert offering...and the mac and cheese is cheesy, and delicious.  
They have platters and "sandwiches"...the sandwich is basically the meat from the platter with 2 pieces of bread that you can use to make a sandwich...never made a sandwich, but have used the bread as a napklin in a pinch...very aborbent!  If you aren't hungry for the sides, that's the way to go...the sandwiches run 10 bucks...to me its worth 5 more for the 2 sides and skipping the bread napkins...
Going back to the Mann Thursday for BareNaked Ladies...I hope Gigi and Big R are there too!They visited Williamstown food truck event.  And omg it was great. We had the jerk chicken and rice...  Will visit again...I ordered the whiting, candied yams and fries.  Probably the most satisfying full meal I've had in Philly, well seasoned and perfect portions.  My only issue is that they didn't have tartar sauce.  This is not unique to this spot--does Philly have something against this humble condiment?  Word of caution: This is end of the day/weekend food.  If I'd had it for lunch I would have been knocked out at my desk.  This is real soul food.Best Jamaican food I've had in the tri-state. The Jerk chicken, oxtails, and fried fish are good But the Mac-n-cheese is weak. It's watery and tastes cheap. They up'd the prices recently but it's worth it. If you make friends with the woman she'll give you free/extras sometimes too!The food here is amazing.  I will admit that so far I haven't been able to stray from the tried and true Jerk Chicken, so this review will not cover other food items besides the side dishes.  I have had my fair share of Jamaican food and I have yet to come across a jerk chicken dish that even comes close.  The mac is creamy and delicious and there is no hint of bitterness to the collards.  In fact, I find the collards quite sweet and well done.  The portions are huge and amazing -- a small is plenty for one person and I have yet to finish one myself.  While sometimes the service can be a little slow, the food here is WELL worth the wait.  From what I hear about the fried fish, wings, and ox tail, it seems the rest of the menu is up to par with the jerk chicken.  Also, you know winning a Vendy is no coincidence -- the food is that good.I kinda stumbled into Gigi's today because my usual go-to food truck was closed due to Penn's spring break (I guess).
My food took a while to order but the guy was nice and said he was making up for it taking so long.  I got the $10 chicken breast platter with mac and cheese and green beans and I would have bet money that my bag weighed more than 5 lbs.  I'm from Georgia--I know Southern food can take a while to cook.  But dude hooked me up for what amounted to a 15-20 minute wait and I will definitely be going back.
Not to mention the food is excellent.  The breast was gigantic and had a ton of meat on it (giggity), and the sides were both great.  If you've got a few minutes to wait in line for some excellent food you should check this place out.Waited in line at the Philly Food truck festival two days ago and the Curry chicken, brown rice and beans along with the yams were amazing!I wouldn't waste my time coming here again honestly. The food isn't horrible, but it's definitely not great either. The Mac n cheese is disappointing (mushy with no flavor) and they didn't have any rolls or cornbread available to go with the platters (major let down).The food here is really good. But they are painstakingly slow. I mean, I once waited 45 minutes for a fish sandwich, when the estimated time was 10 min, and I was the only one waiting around. I did notice something though: the faithful patrons tend to do sneaky things. For example, they'll place an order and then walk over to Wawa. Or they order and then hang out in their cars. Or, the three people ahead of you actually order for the 55 members of their family reunion. Giving you the 'impression' that there's only 1-3 people ahead you when there's really 58.
BUT, if you manage to fight the good fight and your patience wins, what you take home will likely be worth it. For me, the fish was perfectly seasoned, crunchy golden batter on the outside and flaky juiciness in the inside. Mac and cheese was good as well, creamy and cheesy the way it should be. I will say that not all my experiences have been like this. A few times the fish was bland, but still cooked well (hot sauce fixed the former issue right up). And a few times the cooks seemed intent on pissing each other off (the food always takes a hit in this case). But most of my experiences have been positive enough to make me come back again.
Beware that they are cash-only. I understand it's a food truck, but it's university city and it's 2014. Gotta knock off a star for the cash-only situation and inconsistency. Otherwise, bring cash and lots of patience!
Note to Owner: I have seriously driven to your location, found parking during the lunch rush (quite a feat on its own), only to remember that you are cash only. Subsequently drove home and made a PB&J in place of your fish platter. You are likely losing good business because of this. Get one of those swipey thingys that attach to cell phones...hell, something so I can get my fish platter! Please and thank you.
Sincerely,
MeHave visited this truck numerous times and just getting to review. The whiting dinners are delicious, I usually get Mac and cheese with collards for sides. I probably get 5 or 6 pieces of fish with the large. It is more than enough food for 2. The Mac and cheese is excellent. It's worth the wait, and won't break the bank.Gigi and Big R serves up Caribbean or soul food that's all right -- it's not the best but also not bad. 
Fried fish: okay, but too dry 2.5
Jerk chicken: flavour was fine, chicken was overcooked 3
Curry chicken: flavour was okay, chicken was stringy 3
Mac & cheese: not very good, I wouldn't get this again 1.5
Candied yams: very nice, soft and sweet 3.5
Collards: basic but done right 3.5
Out of what I've tried, my favourite foods are probably the candied yams and collard greens (these are side dishes).Had Gigi and Big R at the Wawa Welcome America Fest on July 4th. Awesome Jerk Chicken (big portions enough for two), Mac and Cheese and Collard Greens. The jerk chicken was slow cooked, very tender, along with the spices it was marinated in. Definitely hot and spicy, but some of the best jerk chicken that I have had.This foodtruck is full of some authentic southern cooking!  I tend to catch them at any festival that has food trucks...they will be there!  Try to get to them early because they sell out of a lot of stuff.
They don't have prices on the truck.  I got a chicken breast small platter with mac n cheese and candied yams for $12.  My boyfriend got the chicken sandwich for $8.  They are cash only!
It's definitely delicious!  The mac n cheese is that perfect amount of creamy and the yams are perfectly sweet and sauced!  I've also had their potato salad and it is bangin', but I'm not sure they sell it in the winter because they didn't have it at Bloktoberfest.
The chicken sandwich is literally just a chicken breast between two pieces of white bread, so just get the breast.I had GiGi and Big R at the Made in America Festival.
Whilst traveling from stage to stage you encounter your food trucks, your beer stands and promo booths.
GiGi's truck stood out almost immediately.
Aside from the crazy long line, there's the menu.
Amongst a plethora of what I'll call carnival or boardwalk food.. The thought of big food platters of jerk chicken, oxtail and fried chicken was like a blessing!
The prices were damn reasonable considering what other places charged.
Servings are grandma sized, like how you'd expect your nana to throw down a plate for you, so it's a ton of food.
The line was crazy, we sat on this line for near an hour and we fought and pushed out way to the front to get to this group of tired but smiling group of 4 women serving food.
I had the oxtail, rice and beans, Mac and cheese.
Hot damn. So good. I got transported back to the West Indies for a quick second.
The sounds of the concert drowned out. The clouds stopped moving. Time stopped.
All I was tasting was the delicious strewed meat, perfect rice and devilish mac and cheese.
Right then and there it hit me. Only in America can we have these experiences.
A Vietnamese dude with his British-Indian wife, sitting on the grass amongst a sea of people, listening to Meek Mill (R.I.P. btw #backtoback) and eating oxtail. 
Made in America.I usually go to the 30th and Market location, but I have been to the University City location as well.  30th and Market usually gives me a larger portion but I got a generous sample of fried fish (really tasty!) at the University City location, so each location has won me over in their own way.
I am a huge fan of jerk chicken, and this place comes pretty close to Negril.  In a small platter, you get three large chicken drumsticks, cooked until it's falling off the bone.  I don't mind that it's not grilled fresh, because the chicken sits in a hot dish of delicious peppery and spicy jerk gravy, so the flavors really penetrate the meat.  If you choose rice and beans as one of the two sides in a platter, they'll ladle some extra gravy over the rice and beans.  When you reheat the leftovers, the rice and beans will have soaked up that sauce, making it even better than the first time.  
I also love the collard greens at these trucks, which they drain after piling into the styrofoam container.  This prevents the juices from contaminating the other foods, especially if you choose to get other distinct sides like sweet potato.  I get the mac and cheese if I'm in the mood for a pick me up, because Gigi and Big R's mac has that thick, starchy, sticks together, made in a huge batch quality, that is so (wonderfully) different from the box variety.  Freshness is not my top priority when eating comfort food.  
As other posters mentioned, the portions are big enough for 2 meals.  At University City, a large platter ($9) more than does the trick, at the 30th and Market location, the small ($7) is sufficient.  I can't imagine having a better home-cooked meal for less than $5.  
It's a Philly staple I will definitely miss.Whenever it's a nice day in University City and I'm going for a walk there is a magnetic pull that draws me to this place. One of the main reasons that must be is how much value you get for your dollar, especially when you order the larger sized meal. I'd say that you get so much value for the large size that you should just get that even if you want small (no one says you have to eat it in one sitting like I do).
My problem is completely a personal failing. I want to try something different when I go there, but the jerk chicken, yams, and collard greens have been so good to me that I don't want to try anything else. One day I'll find that courage, but not just yet.
I've seen some complaints about the speed of service, but I've never had a problem showing patience for food. I know how they operate and if I really wanted something faster I could have just as easily gone some place else. The food is definitely worth the wait. Just make sure to stay active after eating this or else you'll find yourself falling into one of those food comas.If I ate here on a consistent basis, I'd weigh a thousand pounds and be on those dia-beetus commercials with Wilford Brimley
However, I would be a happy diabetic because Gigi and Big R's food is mighty tasty.
I had a chance to try this truck when they were at the Navy Yard's Food Truck Lineup.  I ordered a chicken breast platter with a side of string beans and candied yams.  I originally wanted mac-n-cheese but they were all out :(
The one odd thing I noticed is that none of the prices are listed on the outside of the truck.  I ordered a small platter and it was $10.  Not sure how much the large platter is.
The food itself was delicious, but definitely not something I could eat everyday.  I found it strange that the chicken breast had the bone attached?  Weird, but it was seasoned and cooked just right, so I didn't mind.  The candied yams were the star of the meal, but how could something covered in sugar and butter not be amazing?  The string beans were good too- very garlic-y and butter-y.
I would definitely try Gigi and Big R again... but only if I had already gone to the gym that day and only planned on eating salads for the next three days.Sooooo good!  They set up at the Penn Relays in Downtown Philly this weekend and I had to try it because the smell was amazing.   
I travel the entire eastern part of the country and this is some of the best jerk chicken and mac n cheese I have ever had.  
The owners are so nice.  You have to keep an eye out for their truck and give it a try.
~AlexisI used to love them - I even voted for them at the Vendy Awards last year. 
Now the thought of them just irritates me. 
Why are they are SO slow now? Why?? One time I ordered the jerk chicken (which is normally pre-stewed) w/ greens and cabbage - it took over 20 minutes and I was the only one there at the time.
My next most recent experience was even worse. Went during lunch - ordered the jerk chicken w/ greens and french fries. 25 min passes... no food. A guy walks up to order and gets his food in less than 5 minutes. So after he pays, I ask the staff what the deal was? I ordered forever ago and still no food. He says, the fryer is frying really slowly so if you still want the fries, it will take a long time. What?!?! How can a fryer fly slowly!? Does it mean the oil frying food at a super low temp, therefore causing you to have the oiliest fries ever bc it just soaks?!  Why didnt they tell me 25 min ago?!  And why didn't they put the fries in the fryer 25 min ago?! 
Totally inexcusable. Definitely never returning.Im only giving 3 stars because I didn't have nothing but 2 things on the menu. Ive had the Jerk Chicken with Ricw and Beans. I LOOOOOVE me some Jerk Chicken with rice and beans :). It was good. The gravy was verrrrry Spicy. I Love spicy but not to the point where I have to stop eating it :/ The Fish is just DELICIOUS. LOVE LOVE IT!!!Second year in a row at the Phoenixville food truck festival, jerk chicken is the bomb and the mac is amazing! I'm going to look for this place when I'm downtown next.Came a few times and basically always the same experience over and over. Slow service and food is never consistant.
One time, I ordered chicken curry. The chicken curry was on the extremely salty side but the rice and beans balanced it out.
Next time...ordered the oxtail. Oxtail flavor was delicious, but not cooked long enough, so it was knawing to try and get the meat off. The rice was way way way beyond peppery.
Third and final time was jerk chicken. Jerk chicken was ok. Needed a lil more flavor. But the sides were HORRIBLE! Mac n cheese was not cheesy and bland. The rice was actually really good this time.
If you want good carribean food..just go about two trucks down! :-)I love Philly's food carts and this one definitely makes my list of favorites. I've been there several times and have enjoyed my experience every time. Their chicken wings are to die for. Fried to crispy perfection and juicy and meaty in the middle. Best combo ever. Also having just come back from a vacation in Jamaica, I can tell you their jerk chicken is fairly authentic flavoring, on top of being a fiery delicious treat. And their sides cannot be beat. Their mac and cheese, while not as "cheesy" as expected, is soooo tasty. I always contemplate skipping the meal and just eating a huge side of the stuff. Yams and collard greens are also pretty solid. 
Unfortunately, they're a little pricey, with $8 being on the low end for the their dishes. However, expect to have leftovers! I usually make two meals of their large size. If you're just looking for a quick lunch and go, this is not your place. But if you're looking for a unique double lunch, stop on by!
Pros: authentic flavors, huge portions
Cons: price, wait time (sometimes)
Dishes to try: Chicken Wings, Jerk Chicken, MAC AND CHEESE
Dishes to skip: NoneI love food trucks and I love when they are awesome to scream about. When I was pregnant and too lazy to cook, this was my go to place to feed my starving hubby. Oh the jerk chicken is amazing as well as the oxtail. The collard greens are fresh and it is not can greens. The fried fish and chicken are delish. Fried and season to perfection. Perfect crunch when you bite into it. I love the rice and beans with a little gravy from the oxtail. Let's say I have tried almost everything and would recommend the this place.After a few times seeing their truck parked on Passyunk Ave and 24th I decided to give them a try. At first I was concerned that there were no prices listed but what the heck, I wanted Curry chicken and nothing was going to stop me. 
I tried the small curry chicken platter with two sides (yams and Mac and cheese) and an additional side if cabbage. The chicken had little flavor, was mushy...the texture really turned me off. The yams weren't sweet, just taste like cinnamon and/or nutmeg, couldn't really tell. The Mac and cheese was a crime...tasteless, separated and eggy. The cabbage was ok.
All in all I wouldn't go there again, of all the things I purchased, had I found anything that was some what good I'd be willing to give it another shot. Also, I paid $16 bucks, according to my brother I may have overpaid but how could I know since there's no price list.Had this just now at a Philly Food Truck Festival. As I wait for the wife to finish eating just thought I'd drop a wore of praise for this amazing jerk chicken. Had it with the rice & beans plus the yams. All of it was great, thanks guys. I've been on a search for decent jerk since my trip to Jamaica and I never found any in Chicago. This food truck definitely delivered, I don't even mind that the spices are making me sweat even more in this 95 degree heat. Cheers.The Jerk Chichen was AMAZING!! I ordered a large with mac'n'cheese and candied yams. The whole thing was fantastic and was a TON of food. Definitely a good bang for your buck.
The chicken was extremely supple and fell off the bone. The spices were fantastic and multiple people in my office came up and commented on how delicious it smelled. Be warned though... the Jerk Chicken isn't for the feint of heart. It packs a mighty punch and leaves your mouth with a strong burn. But its sooo worth it.
Definitely check this place out!No wonder there was a small crowd of people waiting by this truck: the food is fresh and delicious, and the portions are generous. We got a fish platter with collard greens and candied yams, plus a four-sides combo platter with mac and cheese, rice and beans, cabbage, and (more) candied yams. The owner was friendly and chatty. Looking forward to our next visit!Mac n cheese was burned. Disappointed! ;-(Had this recently at their food truck during Roots picnic and was charged $30 for two (less than generous) plates of oxtails, rice/greens and mac and cheese. Total rip off! Let's get to the food. The oxtails were good and so was the rice but the greens lacked flavor and so did the "famous mac and cheese" they both needed some salt if you ask me....very bland. Conclusion: This soul food has no soul and will leave your stomach and your wallet empty.Excellent food. The fish is seasoned and fried to perfection. They give you generous portions. The greens are awesome. The mac and cheese is awesome as well and the cabbage. The hot sauce is almost made for the greens and fish not too hot just right . This is my go to food truck. I usually get a large fish platter that my fiance and I share. There is enough for the both of us to be satisfied and stuffed and always food left over to where we can both eat from it again!I always get a fish platter from here on weekends and its the best fried fish EVER! The sides are so so... not great but edible.Pretty sure they do this truck for the love of the game:  At the end of a day, all the leftover food needs to go somewhere, and they let generosity take over.
Me: 'can I get the three sides plate?'
'Do you like fish'?  
Me: 'ummm.. yes?'
And thus, I ended up with three meal's worth of food: side of Collard Greens, side of Cabbage slaw, side of Rice n Beans with jerk sauce added, two servings of tasty fried fish, side of mac n cheese (and I didn't even order fish or mac n cheese!).  
Thank you Soul Food Truck. May your generosity never run out, though the candied yams might.I stopped by here for some jerk chicken to compare it with Jamaican Jerk hut.  I think they are pretty similar, and at $7 for a small platter with a ton of chicken this is a great deal.
The jerk sauce is really good, being in the take out container though it gets all over everything, which is not great when you need a reprieve from the spiciness.  
I got the mac and cheese and the string beans as sides, and they were both good.  The mac and cheese wasn't the best I ever had, but there was a lot of it.  
The chicken was very tender and very moist, and there it was mostly white meat.  There also weren't really any gross chicken parts, just bones and meat.  
There are so many great food trucks be Penn, but this one is definitely worth a stop.I've gotten food from this truck multiple times, always pleased. Most recently I got a meal but I could tell the collard greens were canned, I know this because my mother uses canned greens Please don't start getting skimpy, this is one of the few soul food spots in philly that all their food is actually tastyThis was wonderful! So flavorful. We were visiting from out of town and looking for some delicious food truck food. The owner was so kind and gracious. We had our dogs with us and he gave us water for them. He also gave a very large sample of his fish which was fantastic. His portions are huge! Very yummy. Go find this food truck.I'm halfway into senior year and finally decided to venture out to Gigi and Big R's side of the intersection one day because they didn't have a line. (Note: They do take a while to cook the meat though.)
The food is awesome, but I was blown away by how nice they were! They realized I was new since I was trying to read the menu and gave me (and a few loyal customers who were there) a few different samples. The jerk chicken is super good, but way too spicy for me! I wish their fried chicken wings had more meat on them. The potato salad and cabbage are excellent, and their mac and cheese is the best I've tasted in years! I am currently writing this review while drooling-- I mean, deciding which sides to choose with my platter...
The only issue is the price. I've learned to get the $13 large and eat it for 2 meals instead of the $11 medium for 1.5 meals.
If you like their sides more than their chicken, you should try the $10 "vegetable" platter that comes with 4 sides and is prepared much faster because you don't have to wait for them to fry the chicken!I just moved to Philly and learned that Gigi and Big R received a Vendi Award for the best food truck this past year, the first year of having the Vendi Awards in Philly. Well, I'm from NYC, love food trucks, and especially love award winning food trucks. So, naturally, I wasted no time and put this one on my to do list.
My wife and I made our way to Gigi and Big R. First, don't come here for the great customer service experience. You will not get it. They are straight and to the point. I asked, "You have corn bread?" They answered, "No corn bread." My wife asked for the veggies side. They answered, "No, we do not have it." And, "they" is no mistake. The chef and the server make it a joint effort to shoot us down, no apologies. But, this is part of their charm.
I got the chicken curry, candied sweet potatoes, mac n cheese, and a sweet iced tea. My wife got the jerk chicken, candied sweet potatoes, and collared greens. It was all very yummy. The chicken falls off the bone. Make sure to ask for a plastic knife if you want more than a fork to pick it apart.
The sweet iced tea was super super sweet. I mean, someone got a little too happy with pouring the sugar in. Also, other than water, there is nothing to drink for the diet conscientious.
The imperfections aside, the food is great. In fact, if not for the imperfections, I might have given it 5 stars. Not only did it taste good, but the price is very reasonable, as it should be on a food truck.