So we've been wanting to try the sushiritos since they opened up a location closer to us and we finally tried it last Friday. 
I got the slammin' salmon and my wife got the crunch. I'd say they both definitely had fresh ingredients, and definitely tasted fresh, but I think the balance of flavors wasn't quite right for the slammin' salmon. Way too heavy on the sauce, completely overpowering the crisp fresh veggies and salmon. 
We tried the Japanese fried chicken. Sauce is a little sweet and sour. And the chicken was a little dry. 
We also tried their green tea and lemonade, which were pretty good, but you don't come to a place like this because their green tea and lemonade are their best things on the menu. 
Overall, you pay a high premium for a gimmicky meal. With this location being essentially at a revolving door of new customers on the corner of Penn's campus, I think they have the potential to do well. But I don't think I'll be coming back. We'll take our $34 elsewhere.Their sushi burrito was nowhere near as good as the photo suggested. Plus,  the staff seemed clueless and out of half of the ingredients.  I'll never go back.Do not get the rice bowl unless you really are more interested in the vegetables than the fish.  I chose the spicy tuna tartar which was a small dollop of unrecognizable fish cut with jicama, which you don't realize until too late and realize the small portion of fish is really an even smaller portion of fish.  Adding insult to injury, the fish, sauces and pickled veggies didn't even taste that great.   I also realized too late they have poke bowls which is what I had in mind, but dare I come back.  I doubt it.Finally, a Hai Street in University City! A perfect combination for those chipotle + sushi lovers! The ordering process is very similar to Chipotle. You can add your own ingredients into a wrap or if you're feeling like you'd rather eat with with utensils you can opt for a salad bowl. If it's your first time and you're not sure which ingredients will taste good together, I would recommend the signature items! Even with the signature items you can switch things up with your own preferences. I had the Slammin' Salmon which was filled with tataki salmon, gochujang sauce (a red chili and soybean korean sauce), romaine, cucumber, red cabbage, pickled jicama. This blend of the ingredients made for a delicious sushirito! 
The service was friendly and fast as well! The interior was clean and modern with ample seating. For fast and delicious sushirito, this is a convenient place to grab your food and go. For convenient location, great food, decent prices, and innovative concept I give this location 5 stars. I would definitely come back to try The Crunch!Went today for the first time and definitely wasn't disappointed! Super friendly staff helped us order as first timers and recommended some good ones and it was very clean inside. I had the Hai Street Chicken and it was phenomenal! I paid extra for the Go Zilla and the extra piece of chicken was definitely worth it. $22 for 2 burritos and a sweet green tea which really isn't too bad. Be careful of the spicy mayo thought, that shit is SPICY!Hai street kitchen's sushi burritos are hit or miss. The first time, the spicy salmon (slammin' salmon) had actual salmon Sashimi in it, albeit not enough to warrant the price tag. The second time however, there was not enough fish at all. The tuna was so sparse that it was hard to taste over the pickled radish and other vegetables wrapped up in the roll. I am far from satisfied and your money is definitely better spent somewhere where they provide more than a sushi gimmick.Super interesting concept. I'm a sushi lover myself, and chose the Spicy Tuna type item when I ordered.
It tasted great and was filling, though I have to remove a star for price. It takes about 30 seconds to make the roll and paying almost double an actual spicy tuna roll's cost at a sushi restaurant definitely stings.
If only this place were there when I went to Penn!I recently had my first sushirrito. To be clear, I wanted to give this place all the stars because I loved the idea! Obviously, it is pricey, but I was expecting that. Although I felt the ingredients were fresh and delicious, it was very hard to eat because it was falling apart which made me feel like they still haven't gotten the full swing of things. It was also frustrating because I ended up dropping more than I ate. For now, I would suggest going for the bowl since it still has all the great parts but just not the mess and waste!
Hope some of the links get worked out soon!I was intrigued by the Sushi burrito idea which led to my first visit at Hai Street. Their reputable business in Center City has a modest fame and they will most likely achieve success in Ucity. 
I got the Hai street Chicken wrap with Crispy Tempura. Rich in fusion flavors and the ingredients were super fresh. The only thing was that it was A HUGE MESS when trying to eat it because the fillings all fell apart. I mean it's a sushi burrito. 
I encourage anyone to try it though.Not bad! I got a burrito with salmon and it was a yummy, salty mix of flavors. Sushi burritos have a collapsability about them that makes eating them a bit more challenging, which I find entertaining. 
The burrito a rather underwhelming size (compared to the giant logs of food you get from regular burrito places) and the flavor of the fish didn't blow me away (compared to the flavors you might experience at a serious sushi place, or an expensive piece you get from a good grocery store). 
It was acceptable and satiating, but it felt like most of my taste bud reactions were coming from how they spiced and/or marinated their ingredients, rather than the freshness of the ingredients themselves. For the $10+ price, which made me feel like I was splurging a bit on an extra-exotic burrito, it didn't feel like I got much more food value than a regular burrito. 
However, I had a really nice server ! It's always interesting when the people are both charismatic and attentive. Their bowls looked larger and more impressive, so I'll see how their bowls are next time!One of the best things I have eaten in University City. My mom said it was one of the best things she has ever eaten period, which is not normally said and HUGE compliment. I ordered the hai street chicken and was definitely not disappointed. The textures were perfect, crunchy from the veggies, tender from the chicken, and soft from the rice. The flavors of all of the components were PERFECT! I am going back tomorrow and recommend that others try this place out too!I really enjoy this place for lunch.  They have very limited seating, which is kind of annoying since I have to walk a bit of a ways to get here from work, just to turn around and get back to my desk to eat.  Although, I will say that the few tables they have here is better than the center city location, they only have a few stools and a long table against a wall.
I really like to make my own creation, I usually get the salmon with various veggies such as the papaya, jicama, carrots, etc.
I also like either the spicy mayo or the peanut sauce as my sauce.  The only reason I have not trued the other sauces, is because there is no description of them to be found and the restaurant is usually pretty busy when I am there, so I feel like I am holding people up if I ask. The staff usually wants to get you order quickly and get to the next customer.
I also enjoy either the fried shallots or garlic as my crunch.
I do which there were more meat/fish options.  I would love to have more sushi quality fish in my sushirtto.  It is kind of disappointing when the only non-fried fish option and there are no real sushi fish options either since everything is cooked. However, even though I wish there were more options as stated above, I do always enjoy the salmon.Very cool eating sushi in the form of a burrito! I had the spicy tuna tartare with white rice, cucumber, and carrot. Everything was fresh and tasty. I'd definitely come back again when I have the extra money since this place is a little on the expensive side.I heard so many great things about the restaurant. I got to go to this location and got a bowl with grilled chicken and the pepper teriyaki sauce and the sauce was just a lot, too peppery and salty.Maybe I'll ask next time to not overdo it with the sauce but it just didn't impress me. I was with a friend and she got the burrito with the Tuna and she also didn't like it as well.I think this place is either a hit or miss. The last time I was here I got the Hai Street Chicken and thought it was great and super filling - ended up saving half of it for dinner and it was still good. However, the first time I came here I got a salmon roll and found that not as flavorful or filling. In the end I'm not quite sure how I feel about this place yet but in the meantime I'll just stick to the regular style sushi instead.The idea of a large salmon roll seems really alluring, but I think there's something missing here. I had the tataki salmon roll with brown rice, carrots, cucumbers, spicy mayo, and spicy guac with the fries garlic crunch. The roll was okay. It wasn't amazing and certainly not worth the $9+ dollars I spent on the roll. It wasn't the worst thing I've ever tasted, but for these prices I could just get a typical sushi roll and be very pleased. There are plenty of signs up about the freshness of the food though, so if that's important to you this could be a good place for you. I did appreciate seeing everything out and ready with the assurance that it was all simple fresh ingredients.I'd really like to avoid writing disparaging reviews about any establishment, but I was fairly disappointed by the service & portions at this location. It's a bummer because I enjoyed the Hai Street in Center City and I was beyond excited at the expansion of fast(ish) food options in University City. 
I always get the Gozilla version, which is supposedly a "monster size" for whatever sushi-burrito you choose because the regular sizes are not filling (and I'm a fairly petite person). Basically I believe they're meant to double the meat for the Gozilla, and at other locations, it makes a decent sizable difference. However, the several times that I've visited this location, EACH time I feel like my Gozilla "monster size" sushirritos are absolutely no different from regular, which are small to begin with (probably less than two or three inches in diameter). I've tried the Gozilla with the Hai Street Chicken, the Slammin' Salmon, and Chili Citrus Pork, and I'm not going back because it wasn't worth it each time. I think the main problem is that I can see them just eyeballing the sushirrito, because sometimes they look at it and then add or take away a strip of meat, so I feel like there aren't any consistent standards and you're left at the discretion of the servers, who don't seem particularly friendly.
My biggest take-away is go to the Hai Street Kitchen in Center City to get your money's worth, or walk around the corner for the dependable Chipotle!I like it. Clean restaurant. Nice food. It's not exactly like sushi but as good as sushi. I like these cold food in summer time.Hai Street Kitchen has been open about six months now in University City and it is a great addition to the culinary scene.  Its concept of using all fresh ingredients selected by you for a prepared-in-front-of-you Nori roll is excellent.  Actually because of the size, everyone calls it a Sushirito (a cross between sushi and a burrito)! Whatever it is called, the result never fails to be delectable and it def feels healthy at the same time.  Hai Street can get busy at dinner time with lots of Penn students heading towards it but believe me it's worth the slight wait.  My favorite concoction so far is nori and brown rice with pickled jicama, red cabbage, carrot, grilled aubergine, and chili lime marinated pork splashed with spicy mayo and gochujang sauce.  It's a total taste bomb.  btw - everyone who works at the Hai Street in University City is totally friendly.  Check it out!Sushi burritos for a crazy jacked up price.  My handful of meals here were all decent (tried a few different rolls including ones with chicken katsu and grilled chicken), but none of them were worth the $10.  Food wasn't very filling and I just can't justify paying that much for a couple pieces of chicken rolled in rice and seaweed.Delicious food! So glad this restaurant has opened in UCity. I got a rice bowl with Chicken Katsu and spicy peanut sauce. The chicken was really well cooked and extremely savory. The sushi burrito also seems like a unique delicious dish. Definitely coming back hereHave you ever wondered what would happen if a sushi and a burrito had a special hug? Heard your younger hipster friends throw around the word "sushi-rito" and wondered if it had anything to do with Tinder or MySpace? Then come on out to Hai Street kitchen, where you can have a real-life "sushi-rito" for lunch!
As the name suggests, sushi-ritos are a cross between a Chipotle burrito and a sushi roll. It's larger than normal sushi, and you can pick ingredients that aren't just tuna and salmon. I opted to try the Hai Street Chicken -- a sushi-rito made with chicken-katsu (breaded/fried chicken), brown rice, strings of pickled radish, guacamole, and a dash of not-too-intense wasabi. Overall, it was kind of nice. The rice was cooked well and had a nice texture, and the chicken and vegetables went well together. The flavor was a bit on the lighter side, but that is easily remedied. The one drawback is that a sushi-rito is slightly more difficult to eat than a real burrito -- the paper wrapping sticks to the skin of the sushi, and is slightly difficult to peel off as you eat it. But no big whoop. It still goes well with the Jasmine tea!I am giving this place three stars because I think I did it wrong. I'm the kind of person who doesn't feel full when I get a cold meal, and that's exactly what I did.
Chipotle style line up, but sushi/teriyaki fillings. I got the spicy tuna, with cabbage, carrots, cucumbers, avocado slaw, rice, and black pepper teriyaki as my sauce. It was really a giant sushi roll. It was delicious and I loved the first couple bites, but after a while I was kind of eh on the whole thing. But I also get that way with sushi, so surprise! 
I think next time I come here I'll get a teriyaki/hot protein so that it kind of ends up like a stone bowl wrapped up in a seaweed thing. 
Warning, it is on the expensive side. But if you think about it, you pay $13 for a sushi roll with all this stuff, and the portions here are bigger so I guess it adds upNot bad, but not great, our experience at Hai Street Kitchen was meh. Service wasn't the greatest, the food wasn't the freshest (our choices of meat or mushroom weren't cooked to order, therefore we have no idea how long ago they were prepared), and said food was also overpriced for what one gets.
We do not believe we got our money's worth, and it's sad because this place could be so much more. Not sure if we will be back again.I've been to a few sushi burrito places now but this is our first time here. This place is like the chipotle of sushi burrito. We didn't know what to choose for customize roll so we opted for the "featured rolls". I thought this place was okay. I had the flamin tuna here. The flavor I thought was way too overpowering. The gochujang sauce and the beets I thought what made this burrito mediocre. I didn't like how the tuna was minced and you can barely taste it. 
My wife had the ho-lee shrimp burrito. She didn't really enjoy it either. Same as what I thought about the flamin tuna. The beets just wasn't a good addition to it in our opinion.
Wish I was able to give at least a 4 to 5 star review but both my wife and I thought the beets were too sour for sushi burritos.This place is pretty darn good.  Consider it the Chipotle of sushi where you get to build your meal.  The food was good that I ordered (salmon) and the seasoning was delicious! Cute little place to go and eat and just hang for a little while.  Definitely going back to build something else! :)To sum it up: pictures look better than it really is. 
These "sushirritos" are just bigger uncut versions of actual sushi rolls. Literally, it's just seaweed, filled with the same rice, veggies, sauce, and meat as you would put in a roll (your choice), and wrapped in paper instead of cut up into small pieces. Yes, it looks really good, but you will spend $10 to still be hungry. I am a small female who doesn't eat large portions, but I could've eaten 2 in one sitting (but of course, I can't afford such luxury).The sushi burritos are super filling and tasty, with lots of customization options. The ordering style is similar to Chipotle or Subway. Hai Street is always a good choice for a quick but good meal. You can also get a drink for $1 if you buy a sushirito, though unfortunately the green tea one is extremely watered down to the point where there's only a faint hint of matcha, and the iced tea one is just nasty.Sushi as a burrito... I would have NEVER THOUGHT!! I originally saw this in their food truck my lunch break. I was so taken back on how good it was. The HOLi- lee-  shrimp was excellent and the salmon was good too. The chipotle mayo sauce is to DIE FOR!! I just recently tried the new soft shell crab burrito and that was good. I just don't think I'm a personal fan of a soft shell crab. I will always come here and I'm glad I they have a truck as it so convenient when I can't make it to one of the locationsLove the concept. I steer clear of burritos because heavy and way too much. However, I love mixed veggie maki but it seems like snack. This is the perfect in between. This is a good summer day option that is light and not greasy (if you get it vegan and easy on the sauce.)Clean restaurant, friendly staff and AMAZING food. The slammin' salmon was the best thing I ever tasted.I am a huge sushi fan and eat it regularly, so of course I had to try out the hyped up sushirrito for myself! I did try a tuna roll from the Center City location a few months before, but my friend had brought me the roll and I didn't end up eating it until 2 hours or so after it was bought..which made it soggy. Therefore, I had to try out a sushirrito for myself just to make sure I wasn't biased!
For someone who loves a burst of flavor in each sushi bite, the sushirrito really doesn't cut it for sushi lovers. I tried the Crunch and the Special Salmon rolls, so I didn't create my own, and both were pretty good but ultimately not extraordinarily satisfying. I enjoyed the shrimp tempura in the roll and how full the rolls were of vegetables, but I would've preferred cut up sushi instead. The salmon in my roll was not the freshest, but was decently tasty for a quick lunch. 
The staff was very friendly and the rolls created quickly, so I had a great experience with the service! I would definitely come back again to try another roll just because it makes me feel healthy while eating them. It's a fun experience though, so I do recommend sushi lovers to try one and take one out for a convenient lunch or dinner since they come in cute little boxes.I was super exciting about this place! UntiI I started eating, that is.
The concept is great. A sushi roll like a burrito: fast simple convenient, you'd think. But in the end it's just another case of unjustified hype. A trendy experiment gone wrong. 
I tried to keep things tradition with the salmon roll. I love sushi, so I thought, how could I go wrong?? As it turns out, whatever sauce they lather it with totally overpowers any hint of sushi flavor, leaving my sushi desire unfullfilled, and my excitement crushed by diappointment. 
Totally overpriced, overambitious, overcomplicated. I'd rather eat some real sushi next door at Mizu.Hai Street is a good new addition to the University City food scene. 
Hai Street is known for its "Sushirritos." If you ask me, there is nothing burrito-like about them except for their size and they are not very sushi like either. They are kinda like giant sushi, but with very non-traditional sushi ingredients.
I've have tried a few of the rolls from the menu, and my favorite was the Hai Street Chicken. The chicken katsu and green papaya salad in it were delicious. You can also make your own roll if none of the pre-determined ones on the menu sound good to you. You can also get your meal as a bowl instead of a roll if you wish. 
My real qualm with Hai Street is that I am never very full after eating there. The sushirritos look huge, but they are actually not that big or filling. I have overheard multiple people in the restaurant saying, "I am actually still kinda hungry..." after eating their sushirritos. 
Overall, the food is tasty and a modern take on sushi. Since it is not too filling, it is good to eat when you need a boost but do not want to be weighed down with food.As a millenial who both likes sushi and occasionally takes food pics, Hai street kitchen is a place I've been meaning to try for a while.
I ordered the SS Crab, which seems to be a formerly popular item that has returned to the menu. I liked how I was given the option between white and brown rice -- although not customarily used in sushi, brown rice gives the option of cutting some of the empty carbs from the sushi burrito. It had a tangy sauce that I liked (it might've just been spicy mayo), and also the pickled red onions added a nice crunch.
Perhaps the biggest con for me was the price -- after tax and everything, my sushirito turned out to be about $15 (??!!) To be fair, this was the most expensive sushi burrito they had (it was around $13, and most were $10 or below), their sushi bowls seemed larger and more worth for the price, and also sushi is always on the pricier side. Still, I guess I expected more crab meat and less crispy crab coating for the price and all the signs they had around the store promoting the return of this item to the menu.
All in all though, it was still an enjoyable and quality meal! Everything was made really fresh (when i came, they were still cooking the crab). It's the kind of place worth trying, but I wouldn't eat here regularly (for the sake of my wallet), or I would at least order one of the less expensive items (that maybe has fish instead of crab).I keep coming back to Hai Street to give it another chance, but they never cease to disappoint me. The first time I got a sushirrito from here, the ingredients were not fresh (the tempura was tasteless and veggies were limp) and they skimped so hard! The sushirrito was 75% rice and 25% ingredients... For $9-11, I'd rather get a healthier and yummier salad from Greek Lady or go to Jake's Sandwich Board next door for their BOGO cheesesteaks, thank you. After a 10-month hiatus, I decided to give them another try and went back with friends for Ai Ramen's pop-up shop. $11 after tax for their Ai Ramen was what I expected to pay, but their "24-hour super amazing pork broth" was pretty watery (maybe watered down?) and the flavor was just salt. Compared to Terakawa or Ramen Bar, it was definitely bringing up the rear. Just saying, Ai Ramen has a location in Rittenhouse inn the Shops at Liberty and had heard mixed reviews, but wanted to try it for myself. Well, now I know! The reason I'm giving 3-stars is because I appreciate their creativity and modernness. I do see their Hai Street Kitchen & Co food truck which looks so cool it makes me want to go eat there even though I know the quality of food is not the greatest... and the fact that they're one of the only sushi with a modern twist (compared to Mizu next door which is your regular small tiny sushi rolls). I'm from California so maybe that's why this review is pretty harsh (#sorrynotsorry), but I do appreciate the strides they're taking in University City. Maybe they inspired Poke Man to start a Poke bowl shop at 3737, maybe an Acai Bowl place will open soon? One can always hope~The sushiburritos are AHHHHH-MAZINGGGGGGGG. VERY fresh and crisp and flavorful! I am a meat lover, but I absolutely love the Crispy Shroom (portobello) burrito -- funny, it's probably my favorite actually. The Hai Street Chicken (chicken katsu) was great too. The Crunch (shrimp tempura) was ehh, not impressive -- too much mayo, and I'm not a fan of the spiciness and can't really taste the shrimp at all (very weak, mild taste). I tried each burrito with wasabi and thought the chicken and the shrimp burritos tasted better without it, but the portobello was amazing with it. The chicken and the shrimp had a lot of sauce/mayo, so I feel the wasabi killed the flavor of these burritos, making them taste kinda flat and soggy. However, the portobello was perfectly crispy and had only a light dressing, so the wasabi complemented it really well. (You really don't need to get the wasabi though, and I think you probably have to pay for that if you want it.)
People complain that the sushiburritos are expensive for the size, but I thought the price was pretty decent and the portion size was good. I work out a lot and am always hungry, but I felt satisfied with one full-sized burrito (for lunch, at least). There were a lot of rice and vegetable fillings, so it felt like I was eating a lot of things in each bite.Giant sushi?! Hooray! I have been waiting to go here for months and was NOT disappointed. I was a little nervous at first because I didn't really know how to order. The roll makers were incredibly helpful and explained the process to me. I was so happy to see the calorie counts next to the rolls! I'll definitely be back!The Crispy Shroom burrito was a perfect vegetarian option! I will definitely be going back. Only rated it as a 4 as it is ok sized for the price and it might (if you are very hungry) leave you wanting more.There was a lot of hype about Hai Street when it first opened, but it's definitely died down as people have realized that a) the portions aren't that large and b) it's quite pricey for the amount that you do get. The overall ambiance is still nice and there's an outdoor seating area to enjoy your sushi burrito.I used to get their dynamite slamming salmon roll regularly (once every week) until they decided to discontinue it for lack of ingredients (like eggs). It's still on the menu but for the last 3 times I have been they told me they can't make it because they run out of eggs. So why just not take it out of the menu :/ Also, there is a grocery store "Fresh grocer" right across the street!!!!Really a 3.5. It's about exactly what you would expect - a sushi-themed Chipotle. Except what makes Chipotle special besides the deliciousness of the food, is that the portions are huge yet reasonably priced. Hai Street has 1 of those 3 down - the food is good. However, the burritos are not really enough if you're a hungry guy, and you usually have to pay around $10 for one. If they were just 15% bigger or a dollar cheaper, this place would be a 4 or 5 star place.I had the slammin salmon for my first and last visit to hai street.  It is an average size sushi roll, re-named a "sushirrito". It is actually less filling than an average california roll because it is ~75% filler cabbage stuff, 15% salmon, 10% rice and seaweed. After I saw how small it actually is, I knew I would need a side so I ordered the chips and wasabi guac. What a horrible idea, it was hardly edible.  I can see why the place was so empty. Won't be returning again.This was the first time I had sushi burritos. So I am partial that this set the standard pretty high at least compared to the  one I had in MIami later. 
I always get the slammin Salmon large. It's large enough that you're full but you don't feel bloated aftewards and digest nicely later. I love the choice of veggies inside and slight spicy kick to the salmon inside that I think other sushi places forget to do that truly makes the flavors kick. the veggies inside were pretty creative like jicama and fun stuff. The food is fresh and it's neat to watch someone make a WHOLE FAT sushi roll and NOT CUT IT after wards and know you're about to put that whole thing your mouth sans the politeness of chopsticks that you eat with sushi. 
It's pretty good to go to with friends and for a late night snack since they open pretty late. If you're a college student, it's a nice place to go at night if you're craving for sushi and don't want to sit down or eat a small box with all the pleasantries of chopsticks and wasabi and soysauce and stuff.I think they hype of this place is its slight downfall.  I mean who doesn't like sushi and burritos right? Why not combine these two delicious foods surely it will be a homerun! Well more light an infield single.  Its just not that amazing. 
The ingredients seem fresh, and the visual appeal is there.  Its significantly smaller than a chipotle burrito, so if you are really hungry one may not be enough. 
The place is small maybe 3 tables and a hightop wrapping around the windows.
The biggest problem i saw with the idea is that everything is arranged like sushi so its visually appealing: all the cucumbers in one area, imitation crab in another and so on.  So unless you have the largest mouth in the world. you are generally eating rice and one, to two ingredients at the same time,  therefore not getting that one complete bite like you would if it was a sushi roll. To me that ruins the experience. Its not terrible, but it just loses its sushi-ness.  At about $10 for a burrito i think its a bit pricey, frankly after the novelty of eating it  has passed, I would rather spend $7 for Chipotle.
I also got some sort of green tea drink, was pretty terrible, so i would not recommend that.The place was very clean and at lunch at 1pm on a Monday was not busy at all. It was a beautiful day so we got to sit outside at the library park down the street. I feel amazing after eating there, too. Very healthy option next door to McDonalds. Got a very fresh salad with grilled chicken, greens, pickled onions and pickled jicama, cabbage and spring mix with peanut sauce and wasabi guac and peanuts on top. The wasabi guac wasn't too spicy, but packed in the flavor! The whole salad was delicious but by the end very wet. That had to be due to my choice of ingredients, and the fact that I'm a slow eater. My friend had the roll, but I can't imagine biting off pieces off a nori wrap. It seems weird to me! She said it was awesome, so maybe next time.  I'll go back for sure.Sushi & burrito, sounds like a weird combination. However, I was pleasantly surprised with how well he flavors worked together in the burrito. I had half tuna and half slammin' salmon, I would recommend adding avocado too. If your a sushi fan I would DEFFFF recommend you try this. The white rice is tastier than the brown rice, but the brown rice is better for you hahaJust might be one of my top restaurants and food now! Sushi burrito...I've never heard of such a thing.
Whoever made it is an epic food genius who struck PLATINUM.
I've had the Slammin' Salmon and the Hai Satay thus far and both were like an explosion of fresh flavors in my mouth. Interestly, I like the crisp vegetables much more than the proteins..which works out for me since the ratio of veggies to protein is pretty high. I absolutely melt to a putty out of love for the peanut sauce that comes with the Hai Satay. I need to get my hands on that for some summer rolls....
All in all, friendly staff & fusion of japanese, vietnamese, korean and more in the burritos. I feel happy and so satiated. I can't wait to come back! I just wish I wasn't a poor college student.After hearing about hai street for the past year and seeing the pictures all over Instagram, I just had to try it out for myself. I think I hyped it up for myself though, because my expectations were a little too high. Not saying I didn't like it, but I definitely didn't love it.
I would give it another try because it's pretty healthy, ingredients are super fresh, and I want to try the chicken katsu and shrimp tempura, but I still can't quite put my finger on what didn't "wow" me about this place. 
A few observations would be that the spicy mayo is super spicy and I loveddddd the wasabi avocado!If you are a sushi lover like me, who also happen to love putting big things in my mouth. Sushi burrito is your best bet. 
Pro:
- Fairly new concept, hybrid of sushi and burrito gives burrito a slightly healthier alternative
- Simple and fast service, perfectly for students who just wanna grab something quick 
-Great location. Located in the heart of university city, close to grocery store, movie theaters and bars
- Poke bowl available for people who don't want to make a mess 
Cons:
- Pretty price for a burrito and Guacamole is extra. UGH
- Maybe have more options on fish instead of just Tuna and salmon