The new Han Dynasty took over the spot where the old Mid-Atlantic restaurant (with the unchanging menu) was. I like the Han Dynasty here a lot more than the one in Olde City even if I give both 4*. Maybe I'm biased, because I love the service here. They've always been very nice, and came over to check in with me and just make some small conversation when they heard I had a peanut allergy (even though they had no peanuts in any of the dishes I ordered; I think it was Han's sister?). I've been to this Han Dynasty more times in a month than the number of times I've been to the other.
Note though, that the different branches have different specialties. I heard the dan dan mian in Olde City is the best, but the one in UC isn't so good (I wouldn't know since it has peanuts). Overall, I think it;s okay food wise, still not spicy enough as with the other branch. But I like the layout and atmosphere a lot more.
Next, if you go during lunch, you can ask for lunch portions, that are smaller than the dinner portions, and half the menu price! So it's a great lunch place too, alone, or in a group of 2 or 3.Awesome food, great place to split a bunch of delicious spicy, ultra flavorful dishes with a large group. It's the Chinese restaurant a lot of people know about for good reason - I haven't had a single bad dish here, and it's always a crowd-pleaser.I've had the fortune of eating my way across Asia Pacific, so I might be biased in saying I don't understand the rave reviews. I will say though that the conversation and company I was with more than made up for this!I waited a long time to finally try this place and I have to say I was let down a bit. I tried the mandatory Dan Dan noodles. They were very flavorful and not too spicy. Nothing mind blowing here just a really good lo mein or spicy pasta dish with virtually no protein more or less. Also had the scallion pancakes. I was just in Chinatown recently at a place I also reviewed (first person from Yelp to do so) and they were way better there. ( I highly recommend you try that place) These were more like quesadillas laying flat where as the other ones jumped off the plate and were so much more crispy and substantial. The last appetizer I had was the Wontons in Chilli oil. These were just not good to me at all and one bite was all I needed. Basically it is steamed Wontons in a bowl with the soup being the chilli oil. Just heavy heavy choking heat with very little substance or taste. Take those same homemade wontons and pan fry them with some chilli peppers and a nice light sauce and you have could a real winner but I digress. Finally we tried the Talapia Medallions . These were fried to perfection but there were some greens mixed in that I could not chew through and had to discard via the old napkin trick which to me is a bit of a deal/star breaker.
The service was very good and the atmosphere very nice but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again. All I could think about was how much more I prefer Cantonese style where its all about flavors and you can add heat as you like it. I'm sure I could find better authentic Szechuan cuisine that better suits my taste just not here. It feels very commercialized and Americanized. I prefer the hole in the wall places where I am the only caucasian in the place a heck of a lot more.Ok. I am not the type to complain, but I have been here twice and both times I have had terrible service at the bar. The first bartender served me but acted as if I was bothering him.  This second time, with a completely different bartender mind you, it was worse. I am not dressed like a street person or anything, and I am not pan-handling. But you would think that I was the way he acted. First, I sit at the bar and I am waiting for service. So, the bartender walks by me, pours a glass a water, turns in front of me, puts the water down, gives me some stupid half-grin then walks off. Not one audible word of greeting or a grunt passed between his lips. Then, he gets a menu, drops that down and walks off again! Not a sound. Is it me, but when a customer enters an eating establishment, shouldn't they be greeted in some manner?  Not looked at like "why are you here. I have better things to do"?  I am not looking for a royal salute or anything. Just "Hey man, what can I get ya?"  or something to that affect.   Anyway, I start to look at the drink and food menus. Then, a group of anywhere from 10-15 people come in behind me and say, to what looked like a manager, "We don't want to eat, is it ok if we just have a few drinks at the bar?". The manager says "Sure." The guy then says, "Can we get few beers down here"? (paraphrasing). The bartender says "Sure!" and proceed to service this group, one-by-one, as they order drinks. Ok, fine technically, I was looking at the menu when this started. But still, he walked back and forth, right in front of me, for about 10-12 minutes. Not once did he say, "Hey, just shout and I will get you something", or "Hey man, just give me a few minutes and I will be right with you". Nothing!  It was obvious it was a big group, but I mean, he gave no acknowledgement to the fact that I was sitting there waiting! 
Long story short - after this 10-12 minutes of waiting, I just walked out and went somewhere else. Now this place has about 4\5 stars with around 500 reviews. So, I guess people like it. But their bartenders are as unfriendly as I have ever encountered.  Maybe if you get a table it's different.Amazing. Ham Dynasty is an interesting execution of really good Asian food. It's "family style" which means they bring each dish out as soon as it's ready and you're supposed to share. And when they say "as soon as it's ready" they mean within 5 minutes of your order. We were amazed at how fast the food came out, and our server was extremely nice and helpful. The menu also has helpful numbers to indicate how spicy each dish is going to be. 
We had a few different dishes for the table, and polished them all off, because we loved almost everything we ordered. 
This place is really a tremendous dining experience.The Han Dynasty was a great venue for our wedding rehearsal dinner! Their dishes are very authentic Chinese cooking and everything we had tasted great. The menu selection and service were excellent, and Megan helped us create a custom menu to mix authentic Chinese and kosher styles, while also incorporating plenty of items for vegetarian and other dietary restrictions. The restaurant comfortably seated 80+ people in their side area with constant, friendly service the whole night. In spite of some misunderstandings on menu totals and pricing, Megan was very patient and accommodating and helped us sort everything out. At the end of the night, our family and friends loved the food and everyone had a great time.
I highly recommend the Han Dynasty to anyone for great food, service, and events coordinating!Han dynasty is amazing as advertised. A bunch of my friends always brag about it and I had to go there. The dan dan noodles are amazing. They're so addictive that I've been craving them since I left the building. Definitely going to make it a regular place to go to on my listHan Dynasty is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia.  I first found the Manayunk location, and my wife and I ate there several times.  We heard about it from a friend who turned us on to the spicy cucumbers, which are just wonderful.
Eventually I tried the University City location, and it's much more "hip."  I really don't care about ambiance, but if you are seeking a more polished/trendy type of place, go to University City over Manayunk.  The food in both places is just incredible.
Han Dynasty serves food in very large, family sized portions.  It's most fun when you are with a bit of a group, so you can order a number of different things, and try them all.
On their "specials" menu, they have Spicy Aroma Fish which is just absolutely beyond this world.  SO good.  Another major hit was the dry pot style.  My wife and I are big seafood fans, so we get shrimp as the protein, but you have complete flexibility to pick whichever protein suits your taste.
They have numbers on the menu, 1-10, beside each dish.  This is the relative spiciness rating.  It's really hard to describe the type of heat in these Szechuan dishes... it isn't the kind of heat that just burns your mouth.  The heat is very strong, but it's all flavor.  
Dry pepper style is another type of preparation that we have tried and loved.
Several reviews mention the Dan Dan noodles... they are wonderful, but they are indeed rather oily.  It's just the nature of this cuisine.  I think the food is wonderfully prepared, one just has to know that chili oil and sesame oil will make the food a bit on the oily side.  
Absolute top notch rating for this place.  Love it!Couple of notable impressions:
- The first thing that got me was the decor of the place. Chopsticks were made out of red plastic, and the napkin was just paper, not cloth. Water came out in glass cups. The impression was overall a little cheap, which surprised me. On the other hand, the servers did keep water refilled well and tea was presented immediately.
- A lot of the reviews remark that the dishes are very spicy. I was surprised to discover it was pretty tame. The Dan Dan noodles come in at a 6 and it was imperceptible. We got another dish coming in at an 8 which also was hard to notice. Not sure what the explanation might be since I don't consider myself to be especially tolerant, but perhaps I'm more so than I think?
- Service was very fast. I think our food came out within ten minutes. Certainly the Dan Dan noodles were instantaneous.
- Finally, the food itself is delicious. The Dan Dan noodles especially. I also had some kind of dumplings and an entree, I unfortunately can't remember the names, but both were enjoyable as well.
- The bill was a bit pricey. I think they give a lot of food for two, so it's may be justified, just unwanted for two relatively small people. Fortunately, they make taking it home easy if that's something you'd like.
EDIT:
- After visiting a second time with a large group, I discovered they have a very nice seating area for groups (to the right and somewhat below ground). We got a circular table which I really liked for discussion. Definitely would have appreciated a turntable, but no big deal.
- A tip from our server: the spice tends to be the kind that creeps up rather than is entirely overt. Besides water, consuming tea and rice helps to reduce the effect of the spice.The best Szechuan food I have had in center city~
Their food is spicy, yet amazingly flavorful and the ambiance is sure to encourage a fun conversation with those you share your meal with (you'll definitely need a glass of water the first time you visit to handle the sexy heat). For what is expected of Chinese food, it is on the pricier side, but all well worth it.  My favorite recommendations include Dan Dan noodles, Dry Pepper Chicken/Shrimp, and Cumin Lamb.  The service can be slow during busier days such as Friday/Saturday/Sunday, but the waiters/waitresses are very friendly making the wait forgivable.I love this place. Love the Dan Dan noodles, the scallion pancake, the three cup chicken, and all the dumplings. It's delicious, the service is good, and the food is not as agonisingly spicy as some reviews say. It reminds me of all the old Szechuan places on Spadina in Toronto, except marginally better and more upscale. Good, interesting cocktails too.Still without a sign, this Han location might be a bit difficult to find.  We managed to spot it and doubled back.  Unfortunately, the kitchen had just closed.  Luckily, they were willing to prepare us something to go.  We kept it simple on them and ordered the dan dan noodles.  
Don't take the 3-star review the wrong way, the food was great.  However, it seemed no where near as good as the Manayunk location, which I also tried shortly after it first opened.  Considering it was to-go and knowing Han doesn't put out 3-star food, I'll be back (when the kitchen is open) to give them another shot at boosting the score.We would frequent the 37th and Market Street location in Philadelphia.  We  their food!  During our last visit, I felt compelled to report to a Manager some less than hygienic habits of the chef (visible to the patrons).  Upon scheduling to visit not long after, I noticed they earned an F rating.  We were all so disappointed because we loved this place but refuse to eat in any Philadelphia eatery that rates less than a B
I pray they cleaned up their act because that pickled flounder soup is calling my name!Definitely recommend the Three Cup Chicken, Cumin Lamb, and Dan Dan Noodles.
Good to eat in or take-out (but unlimited rice if you eat in!).Great place to go for large gatherings/groups! Family-style eating is best here and even though the taste isn't as authentic as Chili Szechuan on 42nd and Chestnut, that doesn't mean this place isn't wonderful. This place is great for those who love spicy food. I love the Dan dan noodles here! So addicting and the dry pot chicken is awesome. Another recommendation is cumin style chicken, bokchoy with black mushrooms, and scallion style (not spicy)!I love this place.  Love the Dan Dan noodles, dried pepper shrimp, and wontons.   Service is great.  If you want a great dining experience with excellent food, you must try this place.All my co-workers loved this place....since my company was next to the place...all I smell was food from Han Dynasty around lunch hour. I finally took the chance to tried it with my co-worker and i was some what disappointed. I didn't go for any of the spicy stuff but I really did not enjoy it. We ate outside which is probably not the best idea since there were non-stop cars driving by but the food was not as good as i expected to be. Perhaps, I should try the spicy dished next time when I find the courage to go again!!!Staying at the Sheraton at University City, and was looking for a place that was easy to walk and fairly close.  Tried Han Dynasty last night partly because it was recommended by the hotel as well as a couple that was in the elevator.
Interesting that there were three noodle shops with 2 or 3 city blocks.  I really enjoyed the appetizers (dumplings in chili oil) and the entree (garlic chicken).  I know, I know, I was looking for noodles and ended up without.  I think this was mostly because as I was looking at the menu, plates kept going by me, steaming of fresh, Chinese wok flavors. I couldn't resist but to try a little of this and a little of that.
Meal was hot, fresh, flavorful and an excellent recommendation.
On a down side, as I have noticed on this trip, the customer service, servers, waiters don't seem too excited to be working.  They seem tired, uninterested and could care less of your/my experience.  Maybe this is normal in Philly?Excellent spicy Szechuan food.  I have enjoyed everything I've had here.  Service can be a little slow for lunchtime, but the food makes up for it.  If you don't want MSG in your food (I don't), make sure to ask for no-MSG.  I consider MSG to be cheating and I expected better from them.  I honestly think the food tastes just as good without it.I've been a few times, usually with colleagues from the Science Center in the same building. I know this place has fans, but I just don't get it. It just seems like fairly average, overpriced Americanized Chinese food that is perhaps a bit spicier than usual. The have a nice bar if you want to hang out with friends.A friend and I were visiting PA for the first time this Memorial Day weekend.  We were in pursuit of a good place to eat.  We passed Han Dynasty and like the ambience. We decided to give it a try. We sat at the bar area. The two gentlemen working the bar were extremely helpful and welcoming. They explained the menu to us. Everything is cooked fresh.  We love spicy food. The hotter the better; the food was so amazingly flavorful I would drive back from Washington, DC just to eat here again. I had the Cumin Pork spiced to level 10 my friend had chicken fried rice. We like very hot food most places even in DC cannot get the balance of heat and flavor right even when dishes are request extra spicy. Han Dynasty did!! The customer service and the food are worth giving this place a try if you like spicy food.  It would be a great business move for them if they opened one in the District of Columbia. Well done guys!!This review has more to do with the experience rather than with the food. I am writing this review even before I head to the restaurant for dinner tonight and believe me when I say this, that I would never end up eating here if the majority of the birthday girl's party did not insist on eating at Han Dynasty just because she likes the food. 
It takes 2 phone calls and talking to 3 people to get a reservation at this restaurant, that itself is a turn off. The first lady I speak to is flat out rude when I call asking to make a dinner reservation for tonight "We're all booked for tonight and not giving out any reservations" she says before hanging up on me. I call back and a second lady answers and I say I need a reservation for 15 people at 9:30 and she asks for how long? WTF??? "For however long it takes 15 adults to get done with dinner that's how long" She responds saying they close at 10PM and the lady has no clue what day it is and they are open later on Friday's and finally agrees to give me a reservation. 
It is absolutely appalling when people working in the hospitality industry are rude. If you can't be courteous to your guests consider a different profession. I understand you are in the university city area and have to, more often that you like, deal with students but that by no means is an excuse for ill-treating your guests. 
If you expect a 20% tip from anyone they expect to be given a good experience right from the time they call you to make a reservation.I must eat this once a week. It's amazing.  This location is the best by far and we have tried 4 of them now. We have a standing order of garlic chicken, hot sauce beef, and cabbage. Everything balances so well. I don't know how I lived before thisI went to Han Dynasty earlier this week and ordered some noodles and a fish dish. We'd never been there before and when the fish dish came, we took a few bites before realizing it was pieces of pork belly. It was hard to tell at first due to the heavy colored sauce/ vegetables. When we told the server that neither of us ate pork for religious reasons, the server replaced the dish. However, by then we had lost our appetite. When it came time to pay the bill, I was surprised that there was no discount for the mistake they had made. I like the food overall, but the customer service is far from ideal.great Chinese food. They have some of the better dishes and options in the Philly area. 
Really good for vegetarians as well because almost all dishes come with tofu/veggie replacements.I love this place!  At first, I was a little worried because I'm not a fan of spicy food and I was told that Sichuan cuisine differs a little from the Chinese cuisine most people might be accustomed to but I loved it.  We had a waiter who was Chinese who gave us a lot of good information and was able to alter some dishes for us so for those who do not like their dishes too spicy or can't handle a lot of heat, do not worry, because it seems as though they can alter the spiciness to most of their dishes.  We were told which dishes that they were known for and which dishes are "traditional" so we tried the Dan Dan Noodles with less spice and it was delicious!  We were also recommended the Double Cooked Pork Belly, which is something I don't usually like because it's kind of fatty, but it turned out to be great as well.  They also have a cool little happy hour with some cheaper drinks so it's cool to get there a little before dinner, like we did and enjoy some cheaper drinks before dinner.  I wish they had some light beer available since I'm a girl and I'd like to have some lower calorie/lighter options for beer, but it's okay since they have a good wine selection too so I just chose to go with wine.  The food is relatively affordable, it's not Chinatown cheap, but it's not expensive either.  Overall, it was a very delicious meal in a fun, comfortable environment.  Will definitely go back.We were here in Philly for the night and decided to go here on a whim.
So glad we did!!!  The food was delicious.  The dining area was really quite loud. But the food was quite wonderful.  We ordered chicken lo mein and the beef garlic stir fry.  My husband and I liked the lo mein better, but both were delicious.
We are sure you'll like this as much as we did![English review below]
Die chinesische Küche ist nicht auf Platz 1 meiner Heißhunger-Favoriten, aber hin und wieder lasse ich mich dann doch dazu hinreißen.
Das Restaurant ist groß, und auffällig war direkt, dass die Kellner alle gegen meine Erwartungen fast ausschließlich nicht-chinesisch-stämmig sind, was dem ganzen einen Hauch Multi-Kulti verleiht, obwohl es sich um ein chinesisches Restaurant handelt. Die chinesischen Mitarbeiter bereiten das Essen in der Küche zu, was zum Authentizitätswert des Essens definitiv beiträgt.
Die Bedienung war sehr flott und zuvorkommend und konnte sich alle Einzelheiten unserer Bestellung ohne Notizzettel merken (Respekt!). Das Essen war gut.
Guter Laden; kann man nicht viel falsch machen.
Chinese food usually is not on top of my cravings-list, but every now and then it's fine.
The restaurant is quite big. One thing that jumped out to me is that the waiting staff was almost exclusively non-Chinese, at least as far I could see. This makes the restaurant seem very multicultural despite of the Chinese setting and nature of the restaurant. I was told that the Chinese staff is responsible for making the food which makes the food experience seem very authentic.
The waiters were very quick and could memorize all details of our order without writing them down (respect!). The food was good.
All in all a solid choice; you can't go wrong with it.The food is amazing and the prices are reasonable with a good happy hour! The Dan Dan noodles are especially good.Not letting us split the check and also only one bowl rice each table and if we want extra need to play for it and bad serviceReally good food, great seasoning, great quality. Terrific vegetarian options as well. And, a really cool ambience. Definitely a place to check out!I absolutely love this place. Get lots of white rice and be prepared to go on a journey of amazingly spicy food, as well as the payment your body is going to make the next day. Can't wait for them to open one in NYC: I'm going to take all my visiting friends.Han Dynasty is a great addition to University City and West Philly! The food is so good and spicy! This location is better than Old City because you can always get a table, even if you walk in. I have been with large groups (10+ people) and also with small groups, and I have always received great customer service. My favorite dishes are the Dan Dan Noodle, Cumin Style Lamb, Home Style Tofu, and the String Beans w/ Minced Pork.I keep coming back here, and it keeps being impeccable. I'll admit, I was a skeptic, mostly because of that fact that Han Dynasty has become a chain throughout Philly, and deserved or not, operations which open up multiple locations can have a reputation for slacking on standards. If they have at Han Dynasty's University City locations, I think my mind might explode.
The interior is really pleasant, and has a very hip vibe. It's a great place to drop in for lunch, and I've never had to wait long for a table. I would go on about the menu, but I've yet to see anything which I would tell people to avoid. You'll notice at the table that there isn't any sauces or salt and pepper, and that's because everything I've gotten has been properly seasoned before it has arrived. The place is great for groups, as the dishes have been designed for sharing. Do it, do it, do it!I've been hearing about Han Dynasty since before I moved to Philly, people seem to really love this place. It's a bit of a chain restaurant, albeit a small chain, but there are enough locations for me to question how great the food could be across the board. 
The University City location is a few steps away from my office, so I finally decided to try it today for lunch. They offer a decent selection of entrees as part of a lunch special, which prices options between $8.50 - $10.  I was told the lunch special portion size is smaller than you'd get if you purchased a regular entree, but there was more than enough food for me.  I'm still very full 2 hours later. 
I had lunch alone today, so I sat at the bar and they offered complementary water and tea. I also took a look at their draft menu, which had a nice selection of craft brews.  They also offer a decent amount of bottled beer, cocktails, wine, etc. They definitely don't skimp in the bar offerings.
For lunch I had the Garlic Sauce Chicken, which came with rice on the side.  It came out really quickly, definitely less than 10 minutes after ordering.  This surprised me, and not necessarily in a good way, I immediately questioned how good it could be if it was cooked and brought out so quickly. However, my fears immediately went away with the first bite. The food was hot and delicious. I don't think Han Dynasty is trying to offer truly authentic Chinese food, this seemed like an American Chinese dish. That didn't matter though, the food was great and 100% better than any of the surrounding University City Chinese food restaurants and trucks that I've eaten at.  Han Dynasty might be a few dollars more for lunch, but the taste and quantity makes it worthwhile. 
I'll definitely be back with a group to try out their dinner service.Initially, I doubted how good this place would be. It seemed to cater to more American tastes, and as an ABC, I thought it wouldn't be as great as everyone said. However, I was happily proved wrong! I got Dan Dan noodles and pork hot sauce style to share with my friend. It was definitely enough for both of us. The noodles were very delicious with the pork and sauce all mixed in. The pork hot sauce style was just as good, especially with the complimentary rice (by the way, you can ask for more rice if you run out, and it won't cost you more). It was nice and spicy, but you could also adjust the spice, so there's something for everyone. I would give the noodles a 4.5/5 and the pork a 4/5 (it was a little too oily, but that's just my personal taste). 
In addition, they give you tea free of charge! I had always thought that was expected in Chinese restaurants, especially based on my experiences, but it seems that in some Chinese restaurants on the east coast, they charge for tea. So I was very happy to see that I had nice, light tea to complement my food. I left feeling extremely full. Lastly, the atmosphere is really nice, fit for a casual lunch or dinner or a nicer one.The best of the Han Dynasty locations as far a I am concerned, though of course it trends towards insufferable during peak hours when Penn is in full swing. 
Once you know the lay of the land I recommend skipping the great but way overhyped dan dan noodles and getting into the weeds of the menu a bit, it will totally change the character of your meal. 
The house made ginger ale is a hidden gem.Had lunch here today. I live just a few blocks away, but had never come in. I thought from the look of the outside that it was going to be a PF Changs kind of deal, which is a big NOPE for me. If that's your bag, cool, but I prefer more authentic when I can get it. However, at the voice of a friend, I decided to give it a try. 
I got the pork belly double-cooked style, and the taiwanese sausage. The sausage is pretty much exactly what you'd expect, the sweet sausage that you find at Asian groceries, but paired with freshly sliced garlic which took it to another level.
The pork belly was a little drier than I expected. It didn't have exactly the melt in my mouth texture that I tend to associate with pork belly. The sauce, though a little oily, was flavorful and complex. They rated the spice at a four, but honestly I found it pretty mild. I would've put it more at a one or a two.
Despite those few minor nitpicks, this is definitely a place I intend to bring my husband back to to try more things. Maybe next time I'll try the rabbit.I wouldn't want to live in a world without Han Dyansty's dry pot tofu. Everything here is amazing. Scallion pancakes, veg Dan Dan noodles, cumin tofu. But the dry pot tofu is the best food in the whole world.I love Han. (Handy Nasty as I call it.)
I can't say too much more than others have said, but this location is the better of the two I've visited. 
Must: Dan Dan noodles & cucumbers. 
I love: The garlic style with pork or chicken, but I make it a level 7. I've had several other dishes, all adjusted to level 6 or 7 and I really haven't been disappointed ever. (Specifically, I have had the scallion style, hot sauce style, and crispy rice. But seriously, if you can't deal with hot food, this is not the place for you.)
The only thing I've had that I am not a fan of the cumin dish - my boyfriend LOVES it, but it's really dry and powdery to me. 
On the specials menu, the curry is seriously some of the best food I've ever had. It's not szechuan, though, so try that on your later visits if you really want the specialties. 
One day I will work up the courage for the level 10 dishes.Hands down my favorite restaurant in university city. If you've never been to Han you have to try the Dan Dan noodles when you get there. It's out of this world. Sometimes I just get two Dan Dans and a beer or two for lunch. The place is decently spaced out, there's a bar where you can sit at. They have a good selection of brews. 
The food is pretty good too. The menu has spicy ratings next to each item but You can pick the level of spiciness on a scale of one to ten. The service gets slow if when it's busy, mostly kids from Penn and Drexel working there. I would definitely recommend anyone and everyone to try Han dynasty at least once if not many more times.I love you, Han Dynasty. 
I love your spicy crunch cucumbers. 
I love your dan dan noodles. 
I love your hot tea. 
I love your dry pots. 
I love your garlic eggplant. 
I love that you have several locations.
I love that the your dishes are consistently fantastic at each one. 
I have loved you from your days in the tiny, two story, beaten up, always busy location in old city until today and will never stop loving you. 
Forever in love,
ChristinaOn a better day I think Han Dynasty probably is worthy of a 5 star review, but I think we went on an off day. All of our dishes were extremely salty or over seasoned. Not so overpowering that we couldn't eat it, but just enough that each small bite had to be chased down by a huge mouthful of rice. 
Service was good. It was busy but we were seated immediately. The only gap was about 15 minutes between appetizers and main courses. 
The Dan Dan noodles was not the sesame paste type that I am used to, but a more beefy noodle and spicy type. It had great flavor.
Both the dry fry pork and the water spinach were tasty but too salty. When were took our leftovers home, by the next day the vegetables had absorbed the rest of the base and was too salty to eat. Had to throw it out.
Great potential. Would give this place another shot.Good Asian food in a nice and lively neighborhood. We ordered shrimp lo-mein and chicken in hot sauce(it was hot) so if u don't  like spicy food then please do not order this :) dinner portion is quite big two people can easily share if you have small appetite. One thing I noticed was that sea food items like fish and specially shrimp dishes are priced little too much compare with other proteins. But the place is a keeper and I will go back.I love Han Dynasty. I've been to this location a bunch of times, and each time I am so happy! There is always at least two good beers on draught, and the food is consistently amazing. I went on a very, very cold winter's night, a Sunday, with my husband. We  got there around 6:45pm and got seats at the bar right away, despite the crowd. It was hopping! Not sure why, to be honest, but no problem for us. 
We had two good beers that were on draught, and ordered our favorites, Spicy Cucumber and Dan Dan Noodles. They were perfect, as always. We ordered extra spice - level 8 on both, which is good if you like REALLY SPICY food. Heck I think we could get more next time. 
Will I go back? YES FOR SURE.I have only lived here for about a year, but Han dynasty is my favorite restaurant in Philly. They have a 1-10 spice scale and in some dishes a 10 is actually very hot. Just how i like it. The food is also delicious in general. My favorites are the dan dan noodles (a must), the kung pao chicken (nothing like what you get at your avg Chinese restaurant) and the spicy cucumbers. I think I've tried just about everything on the menu and it's all great. Portions are huge. Two people with big appetites can leave stuffed, and with leftovers for less than $40. 
Also all of the servers I've had have been very nice and without mistakes despite how busy the place gets.Had a quick dinner with a friend and it was awesome in & out in 40 minutes...we are able to have our food, eat it, and get it packed up and out the door a sap without any issue with the food taste...it was amazing well-prepared well l-season...awesomeness. I had the pepper chicken amazing, amazing, amazing...next time I come to Philly I definitely would stop here!!
*Forgot about this, I had to deduct a star for food delivery. It was not timed so that we (2 people) had our food at the same time...basic waiter rules!There are some restaurants where I just want 1 dish and I can never get enough of it.
This is one of them.
so my actual review is going to just be three  words
Dan Dan NoodlesVisited with a group of 18 for the tasting menu.  Soooo much food!!!  Service was great, food was awesome.  I will definitely do that and visit again!  Many thanks to Megan for arranging everything in such short notice.