Top notch food. I ordered the 3 course meal and everything was beyond super deliciousness!!! Our waiter Jenna was amazing, knowledgeable and fun. She made our experience sheer perfection. I can't thank the staff enough for making my birthday dinner heaven on my taste buds.Amazing pizza. Also love ceci bean dip. Great outdoor patio.  Recommend going on Tuesdays for half off select pizzas.First place I ate in the area and it was sooo good. My friend and I both ordered pasta, but the pizzas looked good from afar. They have beer and wine available which is great when you don't have time for byob.Omg! Omg! Omg! What a hidden gem! I'm disappointed I didn't take pics but the food AND service was amazing!! I forgot my servers name but she was very helpful and so attentive as I arrived earlier than the rest of my party (one other person) she kept checking up on me to see if I needed anything. Once my friend arrived the server then explained the menu to us bc it was our first time. She recommended the steak tartar in a jar and we ordered two pastas. The lamb and the seafood. Although they are small portions, we were stuffed. The steak tartar was my favorite, I honestly dream about it, it was that good served with crunchy soft bread. Everything was very on point at this place! Will def visit again soon. And there's a parking lot! A great plus for me bc I hate driving around looking for parkingIn Riva never disappoints. The food is delicious (mamas meat balls, polenta, duck ragu & pepperoni pizza are some of my favorites), the waitstaff is always great and the atmosphere is perfect (both indoor and outdoor).  
Last night we ordered a 4 course tasting menu and it was amazing. Everything their kitchen puts out is a masterpiece!On the banks of the river ... is the best pizza I have ever eaten, period.  Its as much about the crust as it is about the balanced accompaniments.  A thin but delicate crust with rewarding texture and flavor that offer meaningful contributions to the topping interplay (rather than delivering toppings in an after-thought, unremarkable, edible vessel).
The perfect meal so far ...
- VASI - Ceci Beans and Lentis (tomato scapece, grana padano)
- ANTIPASTI - Aggrodolce Pork Ribs (green apple, pistachio)
- LE PIZZE - Spicy Ham (coppa piccante, san marzano tomato)
- DOLCI - Zeppole (blackberry yogurt, lemon curd)
Honorable mentions and amazing seconds if you can manage ...
- VASI - Cannelini Bean Aioli (smoked pepper, arugula, sicilian tuna)
- ANTIPASTI - Carciofi Fritti (fried artichokes, lemon yogurt)
- LE PIZZE - Quattro Formaggi (ricotta, scamorza, marinated tomato)
- DOLCI - Cannoli (pistachio, lemon-ricotta, chocolate-olive oil).If you consider the reasonable prices, the beautiful location and the need for such an establishment in this area I have to say this was a five star experience. The service was smart and easy going with our two year old son. She comped us an app when our drink order took an unusually long time and she ran down her list of favorites for us twice. We ordered 8 things on the menu and not one was average or just satisfactory, everything was delicious. My favorites were the octopus app and the asparagus app. So good.... cherries and truffles yum yum yummy.Service, parking and location was great. Pizza and salad had great taste. It came out quick and was timed perfectly as we had to get on the road. Dough was okay - hard to eat with toppings falling off pizzaJust went to In Riva for the first time. I had heard they had a dog area and wanted to enjoy the evening with my Benny. The Pizza-n-Puppies area was great. The tables were  a little low (dogs could easily reach if they wanted) but considering I've never seen something like it before, I really liked the concept. 
I had the Mushroom and Zucchini pizza and it was alright. The crust was amazing, but I didn't know the pie would have a kick and I truly dislike spicy. Next time I know to tell them no spice and they'll leave it off. I think without the spice the pizza would be great.
UPDATE: I have been to In Riva a few times since writing this original post. Just say don't add spice and the pizza will come out amazing. At least, if you're like me and don't like food spicy.
Check their Facebook page before heading out on a Tuesday because you need a password for half price pizza.Food is bomb.  Plus good servers.  Right by river.  You have nothing to lose and everything to gain by eating here.Started with a few drinks. Nice custom cocktail selection. Waitress was real nice and went through the menu with us. It's almost all shared plates. Very trendy, cool concept rarely pulled off well. Started with buffalo pork belly and meatballs. Pork belly was really good. Good, spicy and fatty ( you have to be into that thing). Meatballs were excellent. The only thing I would have wanted were toast points or crustinis to dip in the left over sauce. The margarita pizza was awesome wood fired, thin sauce (which I believe belongs on a pizza) and a doughy thin crust. Finished up with some vanilla and Nutella gelato. Great meal! We'll be back!My boyfriend and I ate at In Riva last night. The decor and location is great, for that I'd give it a 4 Star. 
I ordered the hangar steak starter as I wasn't ravenously hungry, and my partner ordered the margherita pizza. The service was by the way, very attentive and food arrived very fast.
My steak was raw, tough and tasteless. Inedible. I don't even think it was hangar steak, it looked more like a sirloin tip. Took me 4 minutes to chew one small piece. The salad it came with was tasty so I just ate that and told my waitress that the steak was lousy. She offered to bring me something else, but I refused.
The pizza was tasty and enjoyable, but hardly memorable. 
To In Riva's credit, they did not charge us for the steak dish.
We might give it another chance just becos we are local and becos we won't write off a place based on ordering two items. The ambiance, location, service etc will probably convince us to try again in a while.  If I could I would give it 2.5 stars.This place is a real treat to have in the Northwest. Delicious Italian food, inventive cocktails, and a wonderful outdoor space overlooking Kelly Drive. The chicken Parm appetizer is a favorite: a whole chicken leg and thigh and a delicious, tangy marinara with cheese. I will often get it with a salad as my entrée. I love that they have plenty of bicycle racks for their guests as well.We had the pepperoni pie and the crispy artichokes. The pie was really good. It had a lot of pepperoni and the cheese/sauce ratio was perfect. The crust had a nice crispy/chewy contrast. They are small Neapolitan pies so I would recommend 1 pie and 1 appetizer for two people. The crispy artichokes were very good. They were complimented with a lemon yogurt sauce and a black olive tapenade. I would definitely go back. 
    Just updating review after going back. I changed it to 5 stars. Everything was excellent. The kale salad, octopus, ribs and Bianca verde pizza were all amazing. Can't wait to go back.My husband and I came here after a 5K at the Laurel Hill cemetery. It was crazy packed around 7 on a Sat night so we grabbed seat at the bar. We each had a couple of cocktails and menu items. We had the short rib gnocchi and cheese plate. The food was really good and looked good judging other people's plates. I liked the vibe of the place and would like to check it out again!Seriously yummy pizza. Had the pancetta and pineapple and feel like that will be a staple for me. Mouth is watering thinking about it. Love the outdoor deck! Great little pizza place in walking distance from my house!Great place to brunch! The food is so damn delicious and the biggest perk for us is parking! There is indoor and outdoor spaces available but we always do the outside in the summer. The  view from the patio in the back is great bc you overlook kelly drive and the river.Oh..my...goodness.
Recipe for a great dinner: A perfect evening to sit outside + good friend to catch up on gossip + solid beer menu + tasty pizza + small plates galore + NUTELLA GELATO. I left one happy smiling piggie. Service was friendly but respectful of our need for space to enjoy our meal. Would definitely recommend this spot. Next time I'm going to walk there with my pup and enjoy pizza in the puppy area!Over priced!  Two scallops $11. Pizza burned on rim and soft undercooked in center.  Very small meal portions which are over priced. Never againDamn good establishment tucked away in East Falls overlooking the Schuylkill. Service was good & the waitor was exceptionally knowledgable of menu. Good wine list and solid craft beer options on tap.
Started w/ the meat and cheese plate of the waitors choice. High quality products, reasonably priced. Delicious. Ordered scallops w/ bacon and although the portion size was small for the price (should have been 3 scallops instead of 2), the dish was well done and worth a taste. Finished w/ a four cheese pizza which was the best made brick oven pizza i've ever had. Crispy, yet soft dough. Minimal grease. Just right.
Absolutely reccomended.Best friendliest employees that know the menu. Fantastic antipasatas! I love this place... the vibe, the food, service, patio, and the bar. One tiny complaint is the kitchen is a tad heavy handed with salt and i love salt but sometimes you gotta dial back in riva... still 5 stars. Seriously great service.Amazing dining experience!!! The cocktails, the charcuterie, the cheese, antipasti, pasta...everything was well thought out and worked great together. The ambience and decor is very welcoming and modern. The service was superb, Carl, was a very professional and attentive bartender, she was always smiling too. The manager, Dawn, stopped by to make sure everything was great, and it was. You should not miss this dining experience if you are in the area. Make reservations if you can, if not, eat at the bar!Drove out here from University City based on a recommendation from a friend. The place looked pretty cool and relatively busy for a Wednesday night. 
I ordered the smokey chicken pizza which arrived pretty quickly. It was cool to see the chefs working on the pizzas right behind our table and I especially loved the tomato cans as stands. I could tell that this place had a personality to it and it was nice to get away from the typical University City restaurant scene. 
The pizza itself was delicious as expected. Thin-crust but still saucy and cheesy enough that I was able to fold it and really enjoy each slice. I didn't realize the smokey chicken meant that I was going to get thinly cut chicken breast slices instead of cubes/pieces which is more usual as a pizza topping. I would probably order something else knowing this now but the salsa verde still made the pizza really delicious. I'd come back here again.Their verde pizza is one of the best pizzas I have ever eaten.  Ricotta, almonds and abs amazing pesto.There were five of us, one under the age of ten, who showed up late for dinner. It was worth the wait! Drinks, salads and pasta  all served by a staff that could not have been more pleasant or happy to see us! We sat outside under the bridge shadow and thoroughly enjoyed these delicious choices: cucumber and feta salad, (dressing out of this world fresh and lively,) arugula salad with mushrooms, caprese salad with buffalo mozzarella, goat cheese ravioli, black spaghetti with rock shrimp, riggotoni with fennel sausage and goat cheese brick oven pizza.
Only one question. Where has this place been all my life? Can't wait for a return visit!Went on wednesday for dinner with a friend. Turns out that its half price bottles of wine all night. Got a bottle of Torrontes and ordered the potatoes, octopus, and cipollini to share. 
The potatoes with bacon jam that were recommended by our server were delicious. But when we got the $14 octopus we were pretty disappointed by the serving size, very small for the price, but it was very good. The pizza was great and pretty big. For two people it was just the right amount of food.
Really great atmosphere as well. Definitely will be back soon for half price wine.We made a reservation to go here with our children on Sunday evening solely based on the high Yelp rating. Disappointing is an understatement. The $13-15 price for three bites of pasta is absolutely ridiculous. They stated that they were meant for tasting. In that case, either lower the price or provide a somewhat larger portion. We were flabbergasted! The food overall had a good flavor but was consistently over salted.The waitress was friendly but mostly stood over by the kitchen and chatted with her cohorts. Getting her to get us a check or for more water was impossible. Definitely not going here again.We went here to eat. Well I was a little disappointed. We had to order so much good. All portions were small. We ordered the meat and cheese to start. Then we had pasta dishes and we were still starving. We ordered two pizzas. I know what your all thinking but everything was so small. The waitress was very nice and the service was strange because it was always someone new coming over to us.  The place overall is clean. Check out the bathroom in the basement.$11 for 3, count 'em 3!  Ravioli's?  REALLY!?  small plate portions should not cost that much.  It amazes me how people will rave about a place, and not notice (or care) that they're being price gouged.  pizza wasnt that great either, and we had a couple rotten tomatoes on the salad.  there are many better options for Italian food than here.  But, as long as people are willing to pay, overpriced eateries will continue to get away with small portions and big prices.My husband and I stopped here durinh happy hour last friday and tried the Chefs special entree.  Our Cchef was Brian and omg the food was greeeeeeeaaaat! We ate til we couldnt eat anymore.  We will def be coming back.  Wow!The food came out fast, great ambiance for dinner and a very helpful waitress. I got the pepperoni pizza as it had high ratings and wasn't disappointed! My husband got the spicy ham (you can't split toppings so we got our own...leftovers:) which he said the toppings kept slipping off.
I would recommend. Fair prices, good service, tasty brick oven pizza.The small plate apps were very good.  Didn't expect this high quality food coming from a restaurant right off of Kelly drive.  The crab tortelloni was my favorite, I would go back just to eat more of them.
Prices are higher than expected but food quality was also higher than expected so I would say they are priced fairly.  We were so distracted by all of the small plate foods that we didn't even really try the pizzas.  I'm hearing good things on that end too so looking forward to my next meal at In Riva.This is the second time experiencing In Riva, but the first review. 
Went twice on one night so I was able to experience two aspects of the place. The first time was pre-game for an event we had at the Laurel Hill Cemetery. We stood at the bar. The bar itself is very small and I felt like I was crowding the people sitting at the high top table behind me. The bartender was very nice but could have used more knowledge of the beer selection. They didn't seem to know much about the style of the beer. 
The second time was after the event. We were running late and I called to let them know (we had reservations at 9) and they were very pleasant and accommodating. When we arrived we sat at a table. One of the first things you notice is the pizza oven with Pizza's constantly going in and out of it. So we had to order pizza and really it's the only thing I've ordered and all I can say is fantastic.  We split two pizza's and took the rest home. We got the Marcherita pizza with white anchovy. The anchovies weren't your typical little salty fish, no, they were large semi-salty fish and the pizza was delicious. The other pizza,which we liked alittle better was the Mushroom and Zucchini, really great mushroom taste. The waitress was very friendly and we enjoyed having her as our server, but again could use more knowledge of the bar.I love their pizza.  Everything we have tried there is really good.  Their food is so good, that InRiva hosted my baby shower last year and they were great.  I did not quite get their menu at first, but after visiting several times, I love it.
Must try!Happy hour until 7 is the big headline here. 
The pizza is delicious, fresh, and fast. Had some potatoes in a bacon jam, also delicious, but a little on the light side. 
The atmosphere is nice, everybody is VERY friendly. They will certainly have my business againThis place is a gem. We accidentaly stumbled upon this place while biking the fairmont trail nearby. We saw the deck area from the trail as well as the parked bike decor on the railings and thought it would be a great place for bikers to grab a drink. We were in for a surprise.
We sat on the deck and started off with some peronni's and a delicious kava infused cocktail. The service was outstanding. Because of the excellent service and menu presentation we decided to order some food. We decided on the Quattro formaggi pizza which is one of the best pizzas I've had in a while. Fresh ingredients and cooked perfectly. Thin crust style.
We were so pleased at the end that we decided to get the pistachio and chocolate cannolis for dessert. They were the best cannolis I have ever had. Highly recommended.
I will definitely be back and I will try the meat and cheese board next time. The group next to us ordered this and they seemed very happy with their order.
Keep up the great work In Riva!Food always good some of their waiters are poor.  I hate it when a waiter fails to keep your water and ice tea glasses with something in them.  I also hate that they clear your dishes while your still eating.  Leave me alone and let me eat.Just had a delicious (and VERY filling) lunch at In Riva.  Indoor and outdoor eating space with a view of the river.  They have a family-style type of menu with a number of small appetizers, salads, and then about 10 different types of gourmet pizzas.  It was perfect for a business lunch and was an enjoyable interactive meal.  
We started with the meat and cheese plate appetizer (choose your own meats and cheeses off of a selection of pairings) and had the prosciutto, salumi misti, prosecco, and sardo cheese.  The waitress did a fantastic job of explaining what each one's texture and taste would be.  We then all split the arugula and mushroom salad served in a house vinaigrette, followed by two pizzas: the broccoli misti and the prosciutto and arugula.  WOW..what a delicious experience. 
Definitely recommend this place.  Important to note, however, that if you are going all out, things add up and this place gets pricey.  You will also probably need a nap after they roll you out.  Still stuffed!I waited quite a while to try In Riva and I'll begin this review by saying it was worth the wait.
I waited to hear what others were saying. I read reviews, talked to friends who had been in the past, all comments were coming back positive.
Last night, on the occasion of my forty first birthday, I decided it was time to check it out for myself.
We arrived early, our reservation was for 8pm, but we were seated immediately.
We were seated right inside the door which was uncomfortably cold, but that isn't the fault of the staff or the establishment.
Our server immediately brought over a bowl of roasted chickpeas and pistachios which blew my mind. So much so that I'll be making them at home today to take to a Superbowl party tomorrow.
We ordered drinks, the beer selection wasn't great, but it had enough to satisfy. I ordered a caraffe of Bianco. Unusual for me, but it was quite good.
We started with an order of Crispy Artichokes from the Antipasti menu. They were piping hot and just bursting with flavor. The lemon yogurt that they were served over complemented them perfectly.
For our pasta course we shared the Pappardelle, Gnocchi and the Fiondette. All of which were very good, but the Gnocchi was the true standout here. I can truly see that it will wake me up at night, calling to me, begging me to come have it again and again.
We also ordered a pizza. I had a boss once who preached the word of Potato Pizza. He swore that on his many trips to Italy that potato pizza was a true Italian pizza.
I found this very strange, because the idea of a starch on a starch just seemed so redundant. Bullocks to that!
The Potato and Fontina pizza was just delicious. There is no other word to describe its absolute perfection. The crust was more like a freshly made Mediterranean style flatbread than a crust. Crispy, light and airy yet chewy all at the same time.
The toppings almost tasted like a twist on Au Grating potatoes. Sliced paper thin, peppered with prosciutto, leeks and fontina cheese. There was a balance there that I've only ever noticed in Thai food before.
A balance between earthy, salty, sweet and spicy all at the same time.
Each bite was a trip to heaven.
For desert we order the cannoli and the zeppole. Both were okay, not really epic, but okay.
All in all, I'd say In Riva is a win for the East Falls neighborhood, and a great place.
The portions appeared small for the price, but the quality was outstanding. Since I mentioned price, I have to ad that I don't think it was overpriced, I'm just not used to getting actual portion sized portions at a restaurant. They were the perfect size. Enough to be satiated, but not stuffed.Great appetizers, pizza, dessert and service.  In the moment, I felt like I was dining at the best restaurant in America.  The fried artichokes with lemon yogurt were unique and delicious. The spinach pizza with garlic and balsalmic onions was unlike any pie I've ever eaten.  The smoky, puffy, crisp crust was sooo good.  The zeppole for desert ruined any fond memories of amusement park funnel cake forever.  Can't wait to return!this place is a great replacement for Franco's before.  the location is perfect on the river and place like this has been needed in East Falls.  the Pizza is amazing, especially their Burrata and the green sangria is like no other!  saying that the only points off are for the lack of Pasta on the menu, i think it would make the options wider than just pizza for the frequent fliers of the restaurant.Spent a nice evening there with friends. The white sangria was goos and so was the (very small) portion of pea tortellini pasta. The appetizers we had, the crispy artichoke and the charcoal octopus were good but way tooooo salty. Same with the pizzas. The margarita was better than the burrata, but both we too salty.As an East Falls resident, I was excited to check out In Riva and was really hoping it would be as great as it seemed. Fortunately, it was. My meal there was fantastic. For starters, the ambiance of the place is really nice. Cool lighting setup, cute little bar at the front of the restaurant, and a big balcony outside that overlooks the Schuylkill and will be great in the spring. 
The meal started with a complimentary dish of toasted (i think?) nuts that was really tasty and a welcome alternative to the usual basket of bread. We ordered the spicy mussels, which came with a nice, buttery, crusty bread for dipping in the sauce. The sauce, while really tasty, was not really spicy -- my only complaint. 
Our main dish was the cippollini pizza: pancetta, brussel sprouts, goat cheese. An absolutely delicious mix of sweet, salty, and spicy. I loved it. The pizza had a nice char from the wood-fired oven but the crust still remained chewy. 
I do think the restaurant is still figuring itself out a bit. We were sitting at a bar overlooking the kitchen, and our server openly admitted to having a rough time serving us in that area. Also, they serve the pizza on top of a big can of tomatoes, which looks cool, but when the guy brought our pizza he said "watch out, the plate is really hot and unsteady." Not really the best combo; they might want to rethink that. 
However, neither of those things were really a deterrent for me and I will definitely be back. So happy In Riva is here!We had a great time chowing down at this little Italian/pizza joint. Be warned that while all of my friends tried their pizza and loved it, I did not partake. Also, there is technically parking available, but it gets filled up super quickly, so be prepared to wait awkwardly if you come during busy dinner time.
As a large group, we pretty much ordered all of the appetizers, including greco salad, the broccolini caesar salad, the roasted bronzino, crispy artichokes, meatball, chicken parm, asparagus, octopus, short ribs, and a multitude of pizzas including margherita, eggplant, mushroom and zucchii and cipolla. while I can't speak much about the pizza, but heard great things about the cipolla, I really enjoyed the two salads, especially the broccolini and the spicy chicken parm. The asparagus and artichokes were a bit too over-oiled or fried for my taste. The short ribs were decent but just also a bit too fatty. The octopus was a tad bit on the chewy side and given how much it cost with how little were on the plate, I'd likely not get it in the future. I think if you want to eat frugally, the pizza and salad combination is likely the way to go, as the antipasti can add up, but overall, it's a decent, but expensive little Italian joint.
Food: 3-4 stars
Service: 3-4 stars
Price: 2-3 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars4.5 stars for sure!  Puppies and pizzas makes my week.  The pizza crust is remarkable.Oh my goodness I'm in love with this place. My first time here and I'll certain be back! EVERYTHING I tried on the menu was amazing. From drinks to salad and apps to the main course. The staff was very attentive, we never had to ask for a refill. On top  of it they all seemed happy to be here and we're eager to answers any questions about the restaurant and make recommendations. I indulged in the outside seating and loved the riverside view. I couldn't write a negative in this review if I tried. Can't wait to visit again!! Thank you for the great service Nikki!!I have to say, this is the 1st review I have ever made for help, and I feel compelled to do so to save diners from getting ripped off the way I did. My girlfriend and I stopped by here on a Sunday night and were seated right away. Outside looked nice and was interesting being under the highway/road above us. Our server greeted us and asked if this was our first time here. We said yes and from that point it seemed like the scam was on. My gf ordered a glass a wine and he suggested getting a bottle because they offer it half off on Sunday. Seems like a great deal. So I ordered a margherita pizza(tasted good/ not great)and she ordered chicken meatballs. It was a bit cold and the sauce was runny.(and overpriced). So we get the bill and see the bottle was charged for 29 dollars. I ask him about this and he said the bottle costs 59 dollars! I am certainly not a wine know it all so I decided to check the average price of it. THE BOTTLE OF WINE THAT IN RIVA CHARGED US AND OTHER DINERS 58$$$ WAS 10$!!!!
Overall the outside does look nice but the food was mediocre at best and this place is a bunch of scammers. Factor in the smug beer bellied waiter we had and it makes this one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had....IF YOU DINE HERE CHECK THE AVERAGE COST OF WINE AND TELL THEM THEY'RE CHARGING 6 X THE COST. Hopefully this review will deter anybody from getting screwed the way I was.Great place to head to after a bike ride. Pizza was awesome! Whipped ricotta
was spectacular!Great place to sit outside have some beer and delicious  food. I've been here for brunch and dinner, everytime it's been amazing. They also have half off wine night, what could be better than that?I went back to In Riva this past week. I had group of friends visiting from out of state for Terrier Show in Philly and we needed to find a place to dine with our terriers! I had no clue In Riva had a doggy park with tables that are fully serviced by their waitstaff. It was GREAT!! Perfect enclosed area right next to restaurant. Service was excellent, she was super patient with us and our rambunctuous dogs. We ordered a selection of pizzas that were delicious. 
Highly recommend In Riva to people who want to dine and have fun with their dogs!