Went here before a show we were seeing in the University City area.  It is just across the street from 30th Street Station, and just down the street from Drexel University.  We we able to get street parking about 2 blocks down the street, so that is always a plus.  
Service was sufficient for dinner.  We tried the mac and cheese appetizer that had just the right amount of breadcrumbs on it.  It was served hot, but with average taste.  We also tried the cheeseteak egg rolls - decent, but not a lot of meat in them.  Some of the bites I had of the egg roll were merely the fried dough without getting to any of the cheese and meat.   They were served with ketchup and a special mustard that had some horseradish in it for a bit of a kick!  I must say, it is a neat thing for a Philadelphia Pub to have on a menu.  
For our main entrees, we both had the chicken pot pie.  The vegetables were plentiful, and the chicken was all white meat, though there was not that much of it.  The crust was somewhat flaky, but there was a section of my pot pie crust that didn't seem like it was cooked all the way through.  
Dessert portion sizes were huge!  We had the bread pudding which was average in taste, and served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  The brownie was served ala mode with vanilla ice cream as well.  The brownie was definitely dry and lacking in taste, though I consider myself to be a brownie snob, so maybe I'm being overly picky.Came here whilst waiting for the megabus to DC. It is a dim quiet bar with a small crowd of regulars and travelers. I had the buffalo chicken wrap and fries for dinner. The fries were Luke warm and the buffalo chicken wrap was spicer than expected. A decent meal if you are hungry.Visited on a Sunday night, 8:30-11. 9-11 is Yuengling $2 pint drafts and $3 bottles. 
We came in a group, a Yelp after party, if you will. You were wonderfully accommodating, and  I promised I'd mention that server Dan P was especially attentive and accommodating of our crowd.
I think the drinks came perfectly balanced, which is very nice. Sometimes you love when drinks come strong, but they're not necessarily delicious. Here, you get booze, but also scrumptiousness. You treated our group to kamikazes--- thanks, they were great!
Also, in addition to a plethora of drinks, we got the nachos and the "awesome fries." These were fantastic, like over-the-top perfect for satisfying grease cravings while drinking... DELICIOUS. Even without happy hour specials, this was a great night for service, food, drinks, and the game- thanks for having both soccer and football on screens all over the freaking place. :)I have wasted too many hours of my life in this "Irish Pub". It's basically a place where dumb business people, stranded travelers and suckers go to eat standard pub food that is overpriced and underwhelming. 
I was unfortunately a stranded traveler on Monday and instead of standing out in the blistering heat where the streets reeked of steaming garbage, I decided to suck it up and head into Slainte. 
Oh? You want a drink? I hope you have 25 minutes to wait for it. Oh, you want some Whiz Fries? I hope you like fries that are still frozen in the middle. 
This place has two redeeming qualities. Clean bathrooms and proximity to 30th Street Station.My coworkers and I came here for a birthday gathering on a Friday night, and I was happily surprised at how everything turned out.
Slainte looks a little skeezy from the outside (it's opposite from 30th Street Station, a bit of a rough corner with all the hustle and bustle there) but on the inside, cozy Irish decor mingled with the typical pub fluorescent trimmings and sports bar atmosphere.  Plus, CLEAN.  Omg, was it ever clean, from the seats to the tables to even the bathrooms.  I didn't have a problem putting my elbows on the table, that's for sure!
They have a wide beer selection and a pretty decent food menu.  Though the food itself wasn't outstanding, it's a step above the usual deep-fry meals you find in lesser places.  Definitely get the shepherd's pie with the mixed vegetables on the side!  Our server was patient with our huge crowd and kept coming back to make sure we were settling in fine.
All in all, a great place to come and celebrate after a long day at work, without none of the grubbiness of a lowkey sports bar and all of the fun.  Whee!Stopped in Slainte while we waited for our train headed to DC.  Its conveniently close to the train station (about a block or so away) so if you've got an hour or so between your connection its a better option than what is offered inside the station itself.  
I really wish we could give 1/2 stars on yelp (come on already w/ that!!!) because I really do think Slainte is a solid 3 1/2 stars!  Food was mostly very good and the portion sizes were large which was a bonus.  
We started w/ an order of the awesome fries...which were in fact awesome.  Nice and crisp w/ lots of cheesy bacony goodness!  It was a HUGE portion also.  So much that 3 of us could barely finish half of them!  For our lunch entrees two of us opted for the soup & sandwich special.  1/2 of a French Dip w/ a cup of their potato soup.  Honestly I wish I'd have just went w/ the entire French Dip because it was very good.  The soup...not so much.  It wasn't very good and had a weird spiced flavor that I couldn't quite distinguish but it definitely did not enhance the soup at all.  We also got the Rueben which I was told was excellent and much better than the Rueben he previously ordered the day before in New Jersey.  It also came w/ a heaping amount of fries.  All in all a really decent meal!  We'd definitely hit them up when in town again.I've been there a few times.  The prices are Ok but the service really isn't that good.  Awesome fries though!  I have no problem going there if everyone in my group wanted to go.  I certainly won't be taking my girlfriend there on a date though.The French onion soup is my new favorite food. So many places make it with Swiss cheese (gag) but Slainte does it right with provolone and garlic bread. Just amazing. Their potato soup is good too, but I had to have two bowls of the French onion.I went here for uni city dining days with two if my girlfriends. This is a place we all would pass by every day and not think twice about lol On their pre fixe menu I got the meatball sliders as an appetizer which was good; the roast beef sandwich which was soooo bland; andfor dessert the cookie dough eggrollz with ice cream. The actual egg rols were really good but they were hot when put into the ice cream so by the time the ice cream came it was almost all melted. But for $15 It was a decent experience. The ambiance is cute but the AC was very low and was uncomfortable coming from blazing heat outside. I would go again but definitely not a go to for food which is fine since its a bar.Food was okay for a bar. Medium size establishment. Doesn't seem to be a bad place for a quick drink after work.I've been here twice. Here's how it went:
Happy Hour: crowded. slow service. but fries were yum diddly delicious. we got every single french fry offered. cheese did the weird gross thing when it gets cold and congeals. in like 2 minutes. that sucked. 
Random Friday night at 9pm: loud-ass music could barely make conversation which is weird because there were like 10 people in the bar, clearly not there to start a dance party. One waiter. So service was slow. Waiter tried to make up for it by being good looking.Cold beer, great service... Good food.... Comfortable environment.....Was passing through Philadelphia on Amtrak.... Stopped into Slainte....Very happy....Nice staff, good prices....Safe location.....Bravo !Slainte used to be a fantastic lunch spot, especially since its right across the street from our office and there really hasn't been much around, but it has REALLY gone down hill.  I recently returned after a long hiatus only to see that they revamped their menu and took probably 60% of the items off.
They used to have an amazing turkey burger, but its gone.  In its place?  TACOS.  You know, the traditional Irish taco.  Perfect for an Irish Pub?  Get the heck out of here!  What are they doing?!?! TACOS?!?!  SMH.
They also used to have amazing daily specials but those seem to be a thing of the past as well.
It's too bad.  We used to come here once a week, sometimes more.  Now I bet it'll be more like once a month, if that.  There are just too many other options now and the extra walk to them is worth it.My first time was celebrating a co-worker's new job. The appetizers were okay, but I decided to try the fish and chips, beer battered with steak fries. The steak fries were okay, but the beer battered cod was great. Actually, it was wonderful, and more than I could eat. So, what did I do? I made a repeat attendance with a friend a few weeks later, and we both ordered the fish and chips. Same good quality. Same excellent taste. And the beer and hard cider selection is "intoxicating."
Will return again. Next time I will take my wife and take a few photos.Pretty good Irish pub, There wasn't too much Irish food available, but what I ate was pretty good.  I had a salad with candied nuts, grapes, strawberries, and chicken.  The chicken was spiced well, everything paired well.  I would have liked the salad a bit larger, but it wasn't bad at all.
The fries were terrific.  Large enough to have a soft interior surrounded by a crisp exterior.  Well cooked.
Moscow Mules were good, well made.  The second round that we ordered didn't come in a copper mug and was significantly smaller due to the glass.  Good enough to come back to, check it out if you're in the area.Stopped in for a burger and beer before the Cracker/Camper Van Beethoven show at World Cafe Live. It's an easy a 5 minute walk away. We were seated right away and the waiter was right there to take our order. They know how to pour a Guinness right and that's saying something. The burgers came out quickly and were quite good. My medium rare burger was actually medium rare. Only complaint is we had to ask for napkins. Prices were very reasonable for the quality and location. Will definitely make it our go-to site when we see shows at WCL.Cliiiiche. I do love irish theme pubs, but this reminded me of the Olive garden of irish-themed pubs.  No real standouts, the same kitchy things stuck around the place as most other places like it.
The only benefit I can see is that it is the fastest place to get a drink prior to getting on a train.BEST ST PADDY's DAY's LUNCH EVER! we arrived shortly after 11:00 am and the place filled immediately afterward, thanks to about 70 pub runners and their festive spirit! Loved the Guinness on tap, and very good bangers and mash and Shepherds Pie. Friendly, efficient staff. A very happy place today!I recommend the following plates:
-philly cheese steak rolls (addictive)
-french onion soup (good flavor)
-fries (I'm usually not a fry fan.  These are good.)
Good beer selection.
Good happy hour specials.
Lotsa "Slaintes" going on here!decent nachos.. from what I recall also I think they were very accommodating of all us yelpers who stormed in post the JGD elite event.. the waitress was attentive... and I like that... also it's right across from 30th street, and the football game was on . what else could I have asked for at the time?We came here for dinner because there wasn't really any other option for us; there isn't a lot in the way of nice restaurants within walking distance to World Cafe Live. The happy hour specials are good - lots of $5 apps, of which we got three. The hummus platter was great, but I wish they would give you more olives and forget the diced tomatoes. The pita bread was really delicious. The spinach and artichoke dip was good, but you could tell from one bite that it was loaded with mayo and cream cheese or heavy cream or just generally fatty stuff. I mean, it was thick, thick, thick. Rich. Intense. Borderline overwhelming.
The rest of the food was just OK. My chicken tenders were pretty blah and the French fries were edible but nothing to get excited about.
I wouldn't make any effort to go back, but if you're in a pinch and need somewhere to eat within walking distance to WCL, it's a decent choice.My favorite pub in all of Philly.  
It's a place where I can kick back with a few brews and just zone out.  My secret getaway from the regular pretentious center city spots.  Great beer selection and killer burgers.I've only been here for paint nite so I guess I can't really judge But, it was a nice place. Not sure it was the best spot for Paint Nite since the lights were so dim, but the bartenders were great. I had two drinks, one was a Moscow Mule which was alright and the second was a fruity cocktail - I can't remember the name - but it was off of their list of cocktails. That one was tasty. 
All in all, I probably won't be back, but it seems like a great spot to be for Erin Express or some other bar crawl type of thing.A good option in three situations. 
1) You are thinking about going to New Deck but would like a better beer selection, better food, and friendlier clientele
2) You are waiting for a train at 30th Street and have enough time to grab a beer or sandwich
3) You want to hang out, have a good time, and watch some sports. 
The downside of Slainte is the location, but that is also what makes it great.  It really is the only option within a few blocks of where it is.  It's a classic Irish Pub with an impressive bar.  It looks like it was pretty expensive to build this place. 
The food is pub grub but better than most places you'll go to.  
As someone else mentioned the bathrooms are also clean which is a big thumbs up.Came here before catching a megabus at 30th St Station. Trekked a ways by foot, and was not in the best spirits when I arrived around 3:30pm. Was looking for a place for a drink, quick bite, and bathroom before my 7 hour bus ride. This place was just what I needed. Friendly, attentive bartender. Calm, clean atmosphere. The absolute best potato soup I've ever had. Philly steak egg rolls sounded weird, but were recommended by the bartender and were absolutely delicious.stopped in here to grab a drink with an old friend.  Live music, friendly bartenders.  Cheap drinks, and pretty clean for an irish pub.
open later than world cafe live, and felt pretty safe.
two asian men, two black men, a white boy from ATL, and an asian jew in five inch heels walk into a bar playing Rob Thomas music...
there's not punch line.  That sums up my evening ;)If you work in University City or frequent 30th st station, this is a great location! They have awesome happy hour specials. The food's pretty good, considering it's standard bar fair. I've gone here for lunch as well, and the waitress was great--she brought our check out with the food as she knew we were on a time constraint. Definitely worth checking out if you're in the neighborhood!Cheap food and drinks, and everything is really good for bar food.  It's a little off the beaten path, but its a great place to stop if you going to catch a train at 30th street.  If you tell them ahead of time that you are going to catch a train, you can usually get in and out in about 30 minutes, which is pretty quick in my opinion.  
The hickory burger is my personal favorite, and I would even go so far as to say it is one of the better burgers in town (excluding the gourmet burger places).  If you go during the University City restaurant week, you get a great deal.Slainte has become the de-facto "Need to grab a drink before my long train/bus ride" destination. Better than the pub in 30th St (and less desperate in pricing), and more satisfying than the McDs and Taco Bell nearby.
The beer selection is decent, and the food is everything you'd expect and want out of a pub atmosphere. You like nachos, wings, and burgers? Good, because they've got that in abundance.
The service has been okay- not slow by normal pub standards, but it may just feel slow if you're supposed to catch a train. It's probably a best bet for Drexel students who are ready to welcome the weekend and need a place within easy walking distance. (And not loaded with Penn students)Unassuming exterior with some nice woodwork interior. Slainte has been very accommodating for several large group happy hours we've had there. Capable staff, average unoffensive bar food (I like the bag of steak cut fries/chips better than the cheese fries (smaller, coated)), variety of cocktails and interesting things on tap. Good place to drink, snack and talk to your friends without having to yell; maybe not the best place to meet people or eat fantastic things.Stopped here for a few Yuenglings after a show at World Cafe Live (see earlier review - I didn't want to give them any more of my money after their stunt at the Gurus show). The place was packed, as it was Game 2 of the playoffs, and the Phillies won. The bartender was getting pounded three deep, and he still managed a "How are ya?" when he took my order.  Really enjoyed it!Love this place. food is very good, Bangers (sausage) and mash is
awesome. Beer selection is decent, especially if you like the English
and Irish stuff. The inside is nice, dark like a real pub. The bartenders
are all nice as well. Sometimes it gets over crowded with the Irish drunks,
(redundant) but thats to be expected. Cool place.My friends and I were waiting on the Bolt bus back to New York so we decided to stop in. It looks like any typical Irish sports bar. Very spacious. 
Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. That was a huge factor for the 5 stars
They have $3 Yungling light bottles which was pretty nice.
The hummus platter was huge and for $9, it was pretty worth it.
I ordered the Salmon BLT. It was good, nothing special. Max ordered the Shepard's pie (which he loved). Denise got the chicken fingers which were also pretty standard but, the Old Bay fries the accompanied them were delicious! 
All in all if you're waiting on a bus or just in the area, stop on in!Such a fun environment, the brothers that bartender here were amazing! We brought some friends here that were in town for the day and they had a great time! Excellent service and drinks! Will definitely come back again.This isnt a bar that i have ever heard of people going to because there was a desire to go there, rather more people go as a result of circumstance. 
Literally the only bar that you can see from 30th, close to center city and in university city. As a result its usually packed for happy hour but dead every other time of been there.
In short its overpriced. One dollar off happy hour beers... making a happy hour beer $5-6... what is happy about that. Landmark down the street has $3 beers.
lunch will cost you $15+.  Not really sure what the justification is as there are dozens of food trucks and places with lunch specials in the area.
The service is slow, the bartenders dont seem terribly interested in you, and they do things at thier own pace. 
Juke box is way too loud. When someone picks a song that is all you will hear, somce its an odd mox of patrons get ready for country, screamer music, dirty rap... alternating, at a very high volume.This place is phenomenal! The food was excellent and arrived very quickly. Our waiter was very respectful and was thorough with our orders. I would definitely go here again!Let's just put it this way:  I won't go out of my way to come here, but I won't dismiss it altogether.  It's just so-so.
I work at the Cira Centre a block away so coworkers and I came here a few weeks ago for a Thursday night happy hour which then turned into all of Thursday night (you know how that goes).  If it wasn't so close to work and we weren't so sick of JG Domestic being our only option, I probably would have never picked the place.
Overall, we did have a good time.  I will attribute it to our several rounds of drinks and the Stoli vodka girls handing out free jugs of spiked lemonades for free, which is always nice.
The service is a little slow.  It was fairly packed during the hours of 5 to 7, but after that it died down and I still felt like I had to wait a while.  Our server, though very congenial and helpful, did disappear for quite some time (it seemed more like the bar was backed up, rather than server issues).
The food left little to be desired- we ordered a couple appetizer samplers for our table and everything felt either dry, overdone, or bland.  The spinach and artichoke dip lacked flavor, the chips were overly salty and stale, the chicken was mehh.  The only thing I enjoyed was some type of cheesesteak spring roll.  That was tasty.
The selection of drinks and food is pretty expansive and they DID execute my whiskey sour perfectly, so maybe I would give this place another try during the fall or winter when the outdoor happy hour spots close down for the season.We stopped in to check the spot out since it was on a TV show we watch. Grabbed some food and drinks. Was a really quite afternoon so not sure of the crowd post 5:00 but we had a very good experience. Cold beers, good bar food, and really nice/attentive staff. 
They have some good specials during HH and games and good sized portions with the specials too!Nice place. I went on karaoke night, which  is never my favorite night to be anywhere.  (Thursdays at Slainte).  Luckily I arrived a little bit before it kicked off, so I had time to enjoy my Red Breast, 1 cube please, in relative peace.Decent and reasonably priced Irish Whiskey offerings.  Average beer selection.   Worth a trip whenever you find your self on the other side of the Schuykill.With ever increasing prices and less than tempting "specials" it can be difficult to like the prices here. 
Aside from the yuengling usually having a metal taste for some reason, the prices can be random at times. Would definitely like to see better beer deals and late night food deals. My friends and I really loved when they were able to offer $5 appetizers for late night guests.
I agree with a previous reviewer that pointed out the strikingly random choice of songs that plays at an obnoxiously loud volume. Mix of songs to try to please everyone is acceptable, the loud volume is not.
The one positive thing I can say is that the food quality has certainly increased. The waitstaff and security are always pleasant and helpful.I LOVE this place. They have an excellent selection of beer on tap and delicious Irish foods to accompany said beer. I believe I had the Sheppards Pie (from what I remember!) A great place to go and watch some Footy too. Finding parking may be your only challenge. Take a cab and indulge!Good food and nice environment. Not much in this area, so this is a great spot if you live close. Quizzo questions were a bit obscure but still had funIn celebration of nurses week, what do you do but drown your work sorrows in a pint or two (or three).. So to help our nurses "celebrate" I found myself at Slainte.. Convenient if you're hanging out at 30th Street Station but not much else around... 
It might have been the fact that there were 20 or so cute nurses around but the service was pretty amazing.. Before you could place your finished pint glass down, it was picked up and another one was promptly served..I guarantee if this was a "celebrate your ER doc" event we would largely be ignored- thank you ladies!! Needless to say we were all pretty liquored up after a mere hour and thus found ourselves helping one of our co-workers karaoke his heart out to "Sex on Fire"..
Added bonus- heard the Strokes and Phoenix on rotation on the jukebox.  Love it!!! Maybe its not another generic Irish bar???A bit out of the way for a normal bite, but this Irish sister of New Deck Tavern definitely deserves some more attention.  The decor in the place is eye catching with bottles, signs, and trimmings that really take you back in time and across the pond.  It was nice and dim when we went, so the place seemed cosy despite the large size of the restaurant.  
The beer selection is also great.  They have classic mixes like Snake Bite and Shanty, but they also do some other nice beer duos like cider and Guinness.  Now you don't have to pick which beer you want, you can have them both!
The food is very reasonable.  The entrees and salads are good sizes, almost all under $15.  Our fish and chips was light and flaky, and came with a delicious chunky tarter sauce.  The mountain salad had sweet, ripe strawberries and grapes, despite the less than summery season.  
This is definitely a step above your average, run of the mill Irish pub and I will definitely be going back soon.  Slainte!Standard Irish pub with reasonable bar food and decent drinks.
Given the convenient location, this place is frequently crowded.  Drinks are reasonably priced and the food is neither good nor bad.  Service tends to be a bit slow but thusfar I've had no negative experiences with the staff.
Interested in Irish imbibing?  Cheers.Considering the area around Slainte(across the street from 30th st station), I was surprised how nice it was inside. This is a nice clean pub with a decent beer selection and a nice seating area. The bar is pretty big, and there's also plenty of seating in the adjacent dining area. The service was good and the prices weren't too bad. It's not a sports bar, but there are plenty of flat screen televisions around the bar and dining area so it's not a bad place to watch a game. All in all I'd say it's just a good place to have a Guinness with some friends.
Oh, and in case you were wondering, Slainte is Gaelic for 'cheers'.Wanted to like it, but ultimately Disappointed. Went for University City dining days. Was looking forward to it. Thursday evening at 6:30 pm. It was so loud, couldn't hear the person across the table. Not many people in the dining area so seated quickly. Waitress came by to take our drink order. Took quite a while but got the drinks and they were good. Ordered the potato skins appetizer and my husband ordered the chicken quesadilla. Both were fine although it took a long time to come out. I Ordered fish and chips for my main and it was pretty good. My husband ordered the Shepard's pie and it was a joke. I believe there were 4 healthy spoonfuls total. Taste was very good but it was small for a side dish MUCH less an entree. We had the bread pudding desert. The Ice cream that came on top was very good. 
The main complaint was the service. Not a lot of people eating and several waitresses, but it was extremely slow service because true waitresses were hanging out at the bar talking and drinking beverages. They were holding plates of food to take  to a table in one hand and drink their beverage with the other. Very friendly waitress but they were not very good. Had to repeatedly ask for water, the next course, the check and eventually had to flag a manager down to pay. He walked around the corner to the waitress who was by then talking to other people (band maybe?) in the corner. 
Really disappointed in the service and food was good but portions were small.Let's start off with the worst service I have experienced in Philadelphia, thus far.  Waitress took 10 minutes to get to my table for the first time, another 8 minutes to bring my first diet coke, etc.  I did not get better from there.  The host seemed to be either doing crosswords or something else at the front desk the whole time (my table was 5 feet from there and he offered no help!)
I ordered the french onion soup and that was good at a good price.  I ordered the turkey dinner.  Now, I LOVE turkey, could eat it everyday, etc.  My plate arrived (after a very long wait and no check in from the waitress) and it looked like a pile of slop like you'd see the troops on MASH getting in the old days.  The turkey was tasteless, the mashed potatoes were unrecognizable and just a pile of brown stuff.  I have pretty plain taste so it does not take much to impress me.  This food was fit for a dog, at best!
Between the absentee waitress, crosswording host, and slop for food ... I will not be heading back here and I recommend you not even waste your time either.  I should mention this was a Tuesday night so no excuse.LISTEN:
Food's ok. Drinks are ok. Prices are ok. 
Bathroom?
FREAKIN' SPOTLESS. Pristine, immaculate, spick-and-span, remarkable, exceptional, extraordinary, amazing, astonishing, astounding, sensational, stunning, incredible, unbelievable; marvelous, magnificent, wonderful, outstanding, singular, out of the ordinary, unusual, unprecedented; informal fantastic, terrific, tremendous, stupendous, awesome, out of this world; literally wondrous.
Yes, I'm finished with the thesaurus now. I have NEVER been to a food establishment with a bathroom this clean. 
So help me God, but I felt tempted to put the cheeks directly on the seat. I'm almost ashamed that I didn't. 
I hope the same janitorial crew works in both the restrooms and kitchens. I want to hire them for my house.Right by Philly's Amtrak/bus station so if you are looking to waste some time and get a good drink, stop by Slainte.  
Food portion size is huge.  I ordered a burger and fries and I couldn't finish the whole thing.  Burger was cooked perfectly.  No complaints whatsoever.  And the place was relatively cheap.  We had food and drinks for 2 of us and the bill was around 40 dollars. Everybody was cool from the bartender to the locals.  Will stop by again.