Love this place! Staff is so professional, friendly, & helpful! It's rare to go to food places that are quick, clean and have amazing staff. Everyone I come it's such a pleasant experience. The positive kind attitudes of the staff, the cleanliness of the place ( I mean it's obvious they clean up almost constantly. I never ever see a mess) and the fact that they are clean and careful when making my food will keep me coming back! Go & pizza staff! You guys are rockstars!I came for the soft opening. Got there at 6 pm, and already a line out the door! Great sign for a place that has some competition in the area. I'm pretty sure they'll be able to compete though because of their specialties, and student friendly prices. For the price, and you're getting high-quality ingredients and a great tasting pizza made rain front of your face.
They have several delicious cane sugar sodas too that are awesome to pair with any of their pies.
Staff is really friendly, they seem to be doing a great job training their staff.
Would highly recommend to anyone in the area, and even to those wanting to venture into university city. UPenn and Drexel discount maybe??Good quality pizza, especially if you know what you like. I appreciated the wide variety of sauces and varnish available, but there vegetable toppings could be expanded upon. Good quality pizza but a tad expensive; the price is really what docks the star here.I do not indulge in pizza as much as I would like (trying to keep my womanly figure ya know) and this is where I choose to splurge. The ingredients taste fresh and the dough-to-toppings ratio is proportioned well.  I enjoy the loud music (helps drown out any irritating crowds) and the employees are friendly- which is a plus for the area's value. So tasty!I have been walking by this place for ages, and I really wish I hadn't now that it's a flat price for building your own pizza (minus the shrimp). Meats, cheese...I was extremely impressed and I loved their sauces. Frankie was amazing and really took his time helping me decide and taste my way through their options, I am very happy I made a detour there and will certainly be a regular!Favorite go to spot in University City. The pizza is always fresh and made of high quality ingredients. The staff is super friendly as well. If you are in a hurry you can order on the app and it's ready when you get there. My favorite pie is the gnarlic and never disappoints. The gluten free crust is rather tasty as well!First time going here. Was looking on Yelp for some pizza close to my job and decided to take a chance on a new place I'm glad I did. Pizza was good.&pizza is pretty good! I came here because I had a coupon for the new gluten free crust. Each pizza is $10.50, if you want the crust to be gluten free then it's $12.50. Prices are pretty steep, especially if you're just a celiac trying to get a pizza(I'm not celiac btw). Since I had a coupon, I just paid the $10.50 price. 
The crust was like a cracker, which wasn't a bad thing. I just wished it was a little more dough-y. I really liked the toppings! I especially enjoyed the spicy chickpeas and vegan cheese. 
I don't think I'll be running back here. The prices are a little steep for a simple flatbread pizza. Blaze's pizza are only $8.75 and a better value.I've heard of &pizza as the go-to pizza place when it's past 2 am and you want to get funny drunken videos of your friends ordering a custom pizza (at least that's where a lot of my friends went after a night out in CC). But now we have one in University City and we can enjoy their custom and fresh pizzas at any time of the day! Rest assured, there were no drunk people during their soft opening / training session today from 12-2 pm and 6-8 pm - only great personalities, hungry customers and delicious pizza. I got to try the Gnarlic (with added Italian sausage, basil pesto, mushrooms and bacon), Moonstruck with Italian sausage and American Honey! I thought I wouldn't like the mix of sweet and savory in the American Honey but such a simple pizza had such vibrant flavor~ Excited to come back - welcome to the neighborhood &pizza!Awesome pizza.  They roll their own dough.  Gluten free crust is amazing.   Staff is so nice.Awesome music and great staff. Ask David to tell jokes, great for the whole family. $10.50 for any pie I want? Who can say no to thatThis is a review of their delivery. Because they don't have have a phone number to reach their restaurant, when my delivery order was messed up, it took 2 hours and a lot of effort to correct. Their text-only communications system is totally redic.I love &pizza and have loved it since the first time I tried it at Dulles Airport back in 2014, a great addition to Penn Campus in my opinion! Seeing that it's on Penn campus, I imagine that the queues are quite long if you come at peak lunch or dinner hours - I'd recommend taking advantage of their online/ app ordering program or just setting your expectations. Each pizza is made to order and has to run through a convection oven that only takes maybe 1-3 minutes, but add that to the number of people in line - and that should set your expectations. They can literally only move as fast as the oven as their limiting factor. 
I generally order the Moonstruck as I am a huge mushroom/truffle oil white pizza kind of girl - it hits the spot for both. &pizza is nice because they are fully customizable. You can order one of their set pizzas, and add one other things, or create your very own custom pizza and everything in between for a set price. All pizzas cost the same, despite the sauce, the toppings, etc (except gluten free crust is more)
This time I opted for Dirty Bird - which attracted me due to the musical label name, but also caught my eye since it's essentially their version of buffalo chicken pizza. I added a bit of arugula, and it was a solid combination! 
Definitely would recommend a shot if you've never been.This was my first time here. The resistance around the closing of Capo Giro was strong but my kid had it in her head that we should make our way here on this beautiful spring day, so I found myself at a serving station in the store, identifying everything I would want on a pizza. As the server who constructed my pizza said, "It's kind of like Chipotle but for pizza." I got spicy sauce with a garlic sauce drizzle, pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, jalapeños, caramelized onions, roasted red peppers and arugula. (More about me than you would ever want to know) We both ordered "craft" sodas and took our pizzas (hers was a simple chicken, mushroom, tomato number) and dined on bright blue bistro tables on a sunny, busy day near Penn's campus. My pizza was good but for the sort of "wetness" that happens to the top layer of pizza crusts at times. All in all, it was a decent experience and if you ask my kid, we'll be going back.I came to this location for the first time yesterday with my family. It was absolutely amazing! The manager Frankie was fantastic and really made us feel welcomed! I don't usually go to new places but we have it a shot and we will definitely be back! Thanks so much for taking care of us!Why advertise gluten free pizza if you use the same tongs and pizza cutter on every pizza?? Blaze pizza has a different cutter for gluten free . When I asked if they could wipe it off, they said "that's not our policy". Now I am sick when I have never been sick at Blaze or any other pizza place that advertises gluten-free. At least care enough to put out a separate pizza cutter or stop profiting off of the gluten free community when you obviously don't care at all!Fresh toppings, chewy crust, spicy marinara at an unbeatable price with the app. Chef "leader" Jon adding to that value with the extra helping of olives and basil. Thank you, my dude. I needed those olives. Get that hot honey or fig baslamic. Yum.I grew up in the DMV (DC, MD, VA) area where &pizza has a huge presence! I was sad to see that when I moved to Philly &Pizza wasn't really around...
However that's changing! This new location just opened up and it was just as good as I remember. 
My favorite thing about &Pizza compared to the other fast casual pizza joints is the ingredients. They are noticeably fresher and higher quality. Not sure if that truly translates into healthier when covered in cheese but it is something I greatly appreciate. 
The minor complaint is their size. Blaze pizza offers slightly bigger sized pies but honestly, eating a whole pie of &Pizza or Blaze is probably too much. 
This location also needs more trash cans around.. small complaint but only the one in the corner was annoying!! 
Enjoy the cheeeeeeseI have been to &pizza almost every weekend this semester and have yet to be disappointed. Whether it is the flavor of the pizza or the service of the employees each order I get at &pizza is amazing. Ram & Alex get your order started right away and are strictly business. I will continue to come here as long as they are working the weekends.I went here for dinner one night during finals week. I got a regular pizza with vegan cheese, pineapple, and vegan sausage (I'm vegetarian but like to eat vegan food when I can). It was made pretty quickly and they were very conscious of the fact that I got a vegetarian pizza so they cut it with a knife that wasn't used for meat. I'm usually not a fan of vegan cheese but thought the pizza was pretty good! I will definitely go back and would recommend it to others. There are lots of non-veg options as well.I highly recommend this location to anyone looking for great pizza and excellent employees . I had a problem with my doordash delivery, the delivery driver failed to collect my pizza from this location and left my pizzas sitting at this location for over two hours.  
I ended up having to go to this location to collect my pizzas. Jonathan and Monet (employees at this location) and their manager were awesome about the situation. They were understanding and their excellent customer service was very much appreciated.
I can't thank them enough. This location and pizza is fantastic!!!!!!!Read the menu before you order.  There are a lot of options to choose from, but they're all high quality. I got my pie with no meat, lots of veggies and spicy sauces. It came out of the oven super-fast and was delicious!This &pizza is the best! My boys Frankie and Dan are great and there is excellent service all around. Very accommodating with any order, and quality pizza!Amazingly yummy pizzas on Halloween? Sign me up!! Super grateful for the Philly YES team for planning this event at this awesome new spot on campus. I got to try so many different new flavors that I usually wouldn't order for myself, but I really loved the Maverick and the margarita pizzas. I can't wait to go back and order the maverick again!Great pizza choices with fresh toppings! They also gave gluten free pizza choice and other organic options. The worker was very helpful in helping me select what I was craving at the moment! With a pizza and soda, my total was around $13.This is my husband and my favorite (fast food style) pizza. The crust is thin and delicious, the toppings are unique, and the service is quick. We typically use the app to schedule pickup so it's ready when we arrive. Our favorites include American Honey, Farmer's Daughter (request it the original way with a runny egg), and Moonstruck. The cereal milk cream soda is perfect to wash it all down. They have great rewards program and often run specials for BOGO pizzas. The location is incredibly convenient for students and there's typically easy street parking in the evenings.I'm seriously starting to wonder if I might actually be crazy. I had really high hopes for &pizza given all the great things I heard about it from several Yelpers I know and trust. But when I went this past Sunday for the National Pizza Day promo, I was like, this is it?
So, firstly I want to commend the staff for excellent, quick and thoughtful service. I placed my pickup order on the app, but ended up wanting to do the pickup an hour earlier than I'd requested. At the shop, they accommodated my request and had my order ready (2 pizzas) in less than 10 minutes. 
The pizza itself - excellent crust. And I feel like that's pretty much the best part of the pizza here. In fact, it's the main part - it felt much more like eating a flatbread than pizza! A great flatbread, sure, but don't try to tell this New Yorker that this was pizza. We got an OG pizza and a pie with mozarella, tomato sauce, olives and mushrooms. And the toppings were just so sparse - including and especially the tomato sauce- I mean, they were all individually good, but they seemed more like condiments on a tasty flatbread than what you'd (I) expect from a pizza.
I'll say that my partner really liked both pizzas, so I've given an extra star based on his assessment (as well as his specific request). But for me, I'm just like, when am I going to find a really great pizza in Philadelphia (other than Tacconelli's)? The search continues...Nice place and nice staff. We were originally planing to have lunch at Hummus grill but it was closed for the holiday so decided to trunk the place. The pizza was really good. Tried the mushroom one and was very delicious. The lady working over there was really very nice.As a pizza lover I'm always looking for a new place to get a good pie. I have mixed feelings about &pizza, I do think the pizza they produce is good, but for the price you're paying ($10.50-$15) I feel like you should be getting more out of it. 
My personal go to is a plain cheese pizza w shredded mozzarella and Parmesan. 
I find that they don't put much sauce or cheese on the pizza unless you speak up and ask for more, making it more like eating a piece of flat bread w a sprinkling of added flavor. 
My only other issue is that I find they don't wash the pizza cutters in between cutting pizzas which puts other leftover toppings that I do not want onto my pizza. When I got home today with my pizza there were bits of mushroom, some sort of meat, and pieces of onions which I did not want. This is an easy fix and I really hope they start at least wiping the cutters between uses. 
I've been here a handful of times since it's opening and I enjoy the pizza I eat, but I'm not always sure it's worth it when I can easily walk over to the other multitude of pizza places nearby.We order from here often at work! It's AWESOME!! The service as well as the food is fantastic. Franklin the store leader is so friendly and so professional! He remembers his customers and welcomes everyone, his staff is just as friendly! 
We love the fact that you can order off the menu a suggested pizza or create your own! 
 Must hit for all seeking yummy quality food that's quick!!Whenever I'm on the go and need a quality pizza during my lunch break, I'll go here! It's inexpensive for quality ingredients. Check it out!Pizza is decent but businesses really need to update their hours on Yelp. If you're listed as currently open at 10:40 then I shouldn't find that the lights are off and the doors are shuttered.I've heard a lot about this place and I'm kinda upset I didn't try it sooner but thanks to Yelp's Big Night In, I had the chance to. Considering social distancing guidelines I can only speak on service and pick up. I ordered thru the app and within minutes my pizzas were done. Couldn't believe it. 
I ordered the New G and the Dirty Bird. Dirty Bird may be my favorite since I was craving buffalo cheese pizza of some sort. The New G was a bit on the dry side, I'm like where is the tomato sauce? 
Now no one is allowed in the store due to COVID-19 so pickup and delivery are to be done outside. Our pizzas were hot and overall delicious.I have been to &pizza almost every weekend this semester and have yet to be disappointed. Whether it is the flavor of the pizza or the service of the employees each order I get at &pizza is amazing. Ram & Alex get your order started right away and are strictly business. I will continue to come here as long as they are working the weekendsMy favorites are the Gnarlic and the Mushroom one (lol don't remember the name) - I like that they have multiple white sauce options because I don't love tomato sauce on pizza. 
They're very flexible about substitutions and additions on their "hits." I like that they have unique toppings like Hot Honey (which is very yummy). 
Just knocked one star because when they are busy their ordering system isn't very efficient. It's confusing because it seems like it should just be a line system, one order after another, but at the cashier's station at the end there's often mixed order over who's paying and getting their pizza.Listen...i don't know where you found this girl but Imani was the BEST. Im originally from NY and this was my first time at &pizza. I didn't know what to pick and i was also intoxicated but she literally suggested some ingredients to me which lead to probably the best pizza I've ever tasted in my life!! It was so good i had to literally take notes of the ingredients just so i can come back and order the same exact thing. Also, SHE'S HOT!! Keep hiring models and keep making great pizza!The buffalo pizza and mushroom pizza were delicious! We ordered to go and the food was ready when I arrived with no issues.  It was fresh and still warm even after my long commute home from the city.  Service was quick and efficient.  Will return to try other pizzas!4.5/5
&pizza.is.the.best.diy.pizza. Honestly. 
&pizza opened up a location in west Philly within the last year after already having one shop open in center city and it's an under appreciated new gem on Penn's campus. 
There are tons of ingredients, toppings, and condiments to choose from-- and you're not charged by the item which is nice. You can either build your own pizza or choose one of the pizza off their menu. 
Also-- good news for students, this place is opened until late into the night (~3am) so if you're looking for some higher quality and infinitely better tasting food than McDonald's down the block, this is the place to go to. 
One thing I'd like to note: after the pizza goes through the oven, a worker slices the pizza with a pizza cutter. But the pizza cutters are used on multiple pizzas without being properly washed (from what I saw) which is something to note for people who may have severe allergies to certain ingredients.I had a bad experience with an employee. He was very rude. He ignored me as I was speaking to him. Someone else had to get his attention so he could speak to me. I would never recommend that restaurant!!!!!!They resolved the issue, I love a good customer service experience. Pizza is really yummy, there's no limit or up charge for toppings, and it's a fair price ($10ish for a nice size pizza)Amazing!!! I was exhausted from a long day of work and wanted to order out. I was craving a really good slice of pizza. All I can say is &Pizza has the best pizza in town. No seriously! Ask for Anisha when you go. She was kind enough to introduce me to the Moonstruck Pizza (drool) and made it to perfection. I will definitely go back to &Pizza in the future.The white pizza is really good, and they always have a good deal going/points and rewardsFood was good, customer service was great a dark skin Hispanic young lady took care of my order she was very polite :)I am usually the designated lunch orderer at work, fellows yelpers will understand, lol - we just always know where to order. What I was lacking was a solid pizza place, our absolute favorite - gustos on south st is closed! And we have not been the same! I missed pizza at work, so off to Yelp I went and you all did not disappoint! I chose this place and my coworkers LOVED it! The pizza options were unique, with fun and funky names. There were 4 of us, we ordered 5 pizzas and garlic knots, don't judge / we were hungry lol! American honey, the Buffalo chicken one were some of the faves! Mine with The pineapples and jalapeños was good, just needed more toppings. Prices were fair, a little over $10 per pizza. Just be mindful ordering on their site, you select tip already and then they ask you again to select a tip amount at last part of transaction. Delivery was quick, pizzas were still warm and their boxes even have a maze for you to play while you are admiring your pizza!This location is great and filled with great team members. Anisha always goes above and behind to make sure the pizza I pick taste amazing. Her suggestion make me continuously come back. Thank you & for a great pizza.I ordered a gluten free vegan pizza and it was pretty good. the service was ok. The pizzas are personal size and one alone will fill you up.My favorite place for a quick bite on Penn's campus. Excellent pizza- I get two pizzas every time: one Moonstruck on which I add olives and remove the onions, and one American Honey on which I add pineapple, vegan sausage, and blue cheese and remove the pepperoni. Good combo of toppings so its not just cheese and bread.
Open fairly late on weekdays (11 PM), and even later on weekends (~3 AM), so always there when I need it. You know what really makes the experience for me? The staff. Rare to see such great customer service in Philadelphia. In particular, Shift leader John is a great guy who truly cares about his customers. He makes conversation with me every time I go. I've seen him at 3 AM on the weekends scrubbing the whole place clean by himself- clearly an incredibly hardworking guy.
Make sure you download and pay with the app (even if you aren't ordering through the app). Dollar back for every pizza- had I done this earlier I'd have like $50 worth of free pizza lol.Had such a fantastic experience the first time around, I had to return later in the week with the entire family. Some of the best pizza I've had and it's making me consider adding a brick oven in my back yard.  If you are a human that's enjoy pizza, this is the place for you.
The photo of the pizza listed is called the RB special:
Gluten free pie crust
Spicy tomato
Vegan cheese
Mushroom
Broccoli 
Spinach
Shrimp
Garlic butter
Thank me later&pizza is consistently great, with generous topping portions and lots of options to choose from! I ordered delivery and the pizza came quickly! I always make my own pizza to mimic the old moonstruck pizza that is no longer on the menu and add lots of other various toppings. Because I ordered delivery, the cheese wasn't melted when it was delivered, and would 100% recommend popping the slices in the toaster oven or air fryer to make the pizza crispy and help remedy the cheese.
I also ordered the hot knots this time which had some filling in it, although I couldn't necessarily discern what the filling was since it was relatively minimal. They're savory and topped with a bit of sugar, overall delicious with the dipping sauce. I would recommend getting another side of sauce when ordering the hot knots because it only comes with one.This spot is awesome. I got a vegan pizza and it was delicious. I loved the chickpeas and BBQ drizzle. Not sure if these pizzas are meant to be sharable but I easily finished a pizza myself
Quick and easy service. Would recommend this place.4/5 for the pizza, but 5 stars for the service. The young woman who made my pizza was super sweet and helpful. I got a vegan pizza and she answered my questions about the options.  
Overall the pizza is good! The vegan cheese looks and melts like regular cheese, the texture is just strange. I don't think a non vegan would enjoy it but overall it was a good meal. I'll definitely be backWe did not end up getting pizza because apparently customer service does not exist here. It's 10 pm and there is three people waiting for pizza. Point being, this place was not packed. 
1. A pair of dudes already having pizza prepped. 
2. A couple just standing there waiting to have order taken.
3. And my boyfriend and I standing and waiting to have order taken. 
We have been waiting for 10 minutes so the other couple were there longer. 
Three "workers." One guy cooking pizza and actually working. One girl just standing by the beverages with arms crossed vegetating. And other girl in the toppings area with a scowl on her face. After 10 min, we asked if we were in the correct area to order and she looks up with a stink eye and did not answer. The other couple waiting answered us for this little worker bee. She knew there were four people trying to order pizza and she just refused to look up to acknowledge anyone. She was very very rude. I feel bad for the guy stuck at that shift with those two girls.
They do not acknowledge their patrons and will keep you waiting while collecting their paychecks. So we walked out. This is why Blaze Pizza on 34/Lancaster rules.&pizza is a nice place for personal made or make-your-own pizza! The pizza itself is good but I gave a 3 star review because of the long wait time. 
I decided to get the American honey, which was a pretty solid pizza. The honey was an interesting addition that really complemented the pizza. I liked how you could put unlimited toppings, but one thing I would be careful of mixing too many because it ruins the flavor of the entire pizza.
A tip if you're trying to go. Use snackpass for half off and a personal pizza comes out to around $5! 
Honestly, &pizza is a good place to get pizza but I waited a long time 20-30min for my pizza to come out. I understand that sometimes it might be busy during rush hour but I feel like that long of a wait is almost excessive.
Overall, other than the long wait, &pizza is a quality pizza place I would recommend trying!Tasty thin crust pizza with lots of flavor. This is just how I like my pizza with thin crust, not too much sauce or too much cheese. I ordered directly from their website and had it delivered.
All of their pizzas have fun names like Hot In Here, @Me Don't Sub Me and the fire sign emoji. I chose the Craft Your Own Pizza. For my base I chose the traditional pizza dough with the spicy tomato sauce, roasted garlic and shredded blend cheese. My toppings included pickled fresco chilli, pepperoni, Italian sausage and arugula. The flavors blend so well together. The spicy tomato sauce and pickled fresco chilli really stood out.I'm a big fan of &Pizza but this new location is off to a rough start. I gave a minimum of 4 stars to other &Pizza locations including the Philadelphia location on 15th st. 
Three major issues during my visit:
First - every table in the restaurant was filthy with crumbs, food and napkins on the tables. It was obvious the tables were not cleaned in hours. We selected the least dirty table to eat our pizza.
Second - the music was way too loud, the loudest I ever heard music played in a restaurant. The music system was not set up correctly either, no bass at all, treble turned all the way up so it hurts the ears (think nails scratching a chalkboard). The music was hardcore rap which I don't think is appropriate for a restaurant. My personal music style is Death and Thrash Metal but I don't expect it to be played in a restaurant as many customers wouldn't like it. Same with rap music. Stick to neutral music in a public restaurant.
Third - there was only one person taking the orders, making the pizza, putting the additional toppings on the pizza after the cooking process, working the cash and doing the pick-up orders. Crazy. No surprise there was a big line / long wait to order. Another customer asked why the employee was alone. They employee said there are 3 workers but one went on break and the other is working in the back. What? When the store is crazy busy and one person goes on break, why would one person work in the back? Who is managing the employees and the restaurant? Obviously no one. 
It's a good thing I know how great &Pizza is based on my many visits to the Washington locations and other Philadelphia location. I experienced none of the above at the other locations. If I was a first time &Pizza customer, I would have walked out and probably never returned. 
I expect growing pains in a new restaurant but this was too much. 
BKQuite a unique style of pizza offering. Great crust, variety of toppings, awesome taste & customization - this is what any pizza lover would need and &pizza offers all that you.
Pretty impressed how the orders come out quick without much of a delay. Our go to place for a quick bite whenever we are in Philly. 
A little over $10 for one pizza might sound a little expensive when compared to other options that are available for you in Philly but &pizza will not disappoint you and its worth every penny.
Good selection of drinks and changing favorites skips the place from being monotonous.
We ordered two pizzas, one was buffalo chicken and another was custom. Both were equally good but buffalo chicken is my fav!
Like pizza? - Give it a try and you wouldn't be disappointed.Imani was great! Excellent service and I'll definitely be back because of her! She was fast courteous and even mad some good jokes. I'm also one of this annoying people that comes to a restaurant not knowing what I want but she was happy to add some input to help me decide all while remaining patient. And the speed that she worked with ensured that I got my food hot and I was able to really enjoy it! Thanks Imani!First time ordering from this restaurant and pleasantly surprised. I ordered the American honey pizza and it was beyond delicious. Quality and fresh ingredients. Had depth to the flavors and crust was crunchy but not too dry. Will definitely order from here again!I have mixed feelings about this new addition to University City. The menu is limited- only pizza available in one size (personal). They have a handful of speciality pies and a create your own option. Therefore, you really need to be in the mood for pizza to venture here. They don't even have any side items. 
The American Honey pizza was good overall. I could not taste the heat in the "spicy" tomato sauce. The mozzarella cheese balls were placed sporadically around the pizza leaving half of it cheese-less. They should use shredded to get a more even application. The hot honey drizzle was my favorite part. I would take a side of this to dip any pizza in. 
I paid $10.50 for just the pizza (no drink). This is pricey when you can get an entire pie for $10-15.This is basically "gourmet" food for people who walk around in pajamas and slippers, but haven't quite figured out how to get delivery to their dorm.We did end up getting pizza because apparently customer service does not exist here. It's 10 pm and there is three people waiting for pizza. 
1. A pair of dudes already having pizza prepped. 
2. A couple just standing there waiting to have order taken.
3. And my boyfriend and I standing and waiting to have order taken. 
We have been waiting for 10 minutes so the other couple were there longer. 
Three "workers." One guy cooking pizza. One girl just standing my the beverages with arms crossed vegetating. And other girl in the toppings area with a scowl on her face. We asked if we were in the r get area to order after 10 min and she looks up with a stink eye and did not answer. The other couple waiting answered us for this little worker bee. 
They do not acknowledge their patrons and will keep you waiting while collecting their paychecks. So we walked out. This is why Blaze Pizza on 34/Lancaster.
------
Update:
Customer service was was like day and night compared to our first visit. The three staff there today were very friendly  and approachable. They kept no one waiting and there was a very efficient assembly line going. A manager also reached out to me regarding my first experience and more than compensated, which is also always an A+++ in my book.
As for the pizza, there's build your own and a few specialties. I do prefer the crust to be crispy, whereas &pizza leans on the soft side almost like a pita bread texture. Although I think the flavor and quality  of the pizzas are overall pretty good, it would be nice to have more toppings. They were scarcer than  what I am used. The dollops of mozzarella were sporadically distributed (customized mozzarella and mushroom pizza), whereas I would like to have more even distribution of the cheese. This would be one of the reasons why I usually do not get the "margerhita  pizza" at restaurants. 
We also got the Moonstruck Pizza. For a mushroom experience, we are not getting much mushroom out of it, nor was there truffle flavor to it. There must have been half a about handful of mushrooms of on the pizza. It's very sweet from the caramelized onions. I do like the tartness the balsamic adds to counteract the sweetness. For Moonstruck, more mushrooms! Drizzling truffle oil would also have been golden. 
We also asked for basil, and there was a small piece of basil  per slice. 
It's in heart of Penn campus and is a good place to grab a quick snack (share a pie) or meal! I cannot wait to try the American Honey!It's really frustrating and difficult to justify how they mess up your mobile order nearly every time AND in response you go order in store only to come out like 30 minutes later cause of how long it takes to get your food ready...Scrolling through the pictures I noticed there is no picture of the American Honey pizza! That was the one I ordered and I was so hungry I inhaled it in about 5 minutes or less, no lie. So obviously I didnt have time for a picture!
It was a little spicy and a little sweet which I liked. The cheese was placed in gobs instead of sprinkled so there were sections that had no cheese. 
I heard this place was super expensive. A co worker of mine paid about $15 for his pizza which is outrageous being that at a local pizza joint you can get a large pie for about that or less. 
My pizza was actually free because I had gotten some free pizza coupons from the owner (who is super tall by the way!)
If this place wants to survive in this area it should definitely lower the price.I love their pizzas and just thinking about it right now makes my mouth water. I'm not a huge pizza person, but I'm generally always down to come here. 
Not only is it great that you get to make a personal pizza, you can add as many ingredients and toppings as you would like. I also love that &pizza has some pre-set options that you can work off (since sometimes the full make-your-own option is a bit overwhelming), but you can customize by adding or taking out anything you want. My personal favorites to adapt are probably the Moonstruck or the American Honey. If I'm not too hungry, I usually have a few pieces leftover for later, but I definitely can finish a whole pie on most days. 
I've also placed large group orders for my residents in the college houses and they were fairly accommodating. Would recommend!I normally don't like writing reviews about places that I absolutely but &pizza was so good, I felt like I have to.  First and foremost, sorry I was able to capture a photo of the pizza but I demolished it before I had a chance to snap a flick.
Before I begin, shoutout to the staff because I came a few mins before closing and the crew was super nice and helpful to a first timer. . Now, as you know. A brother has been on his pescatarians flow/fake vegan tip all month so I had to keep it clean/almost plant base and they had every I needed to stay on track. If you never been here before, just think of Benihana's for Pizza because they make the pizza right in front of you! Maybe it's between Benihana's and Subway. Okay, anyway here's a rundown of what I ordered.
Gluten free flatbread 
Spicy red sauce (I forgot the name)
Spinach 
Mushrooms
Vegan cheese
Broccoli 
Shrimp
*** and to top it off garlic butter drizzle!!!
I didn't plan on eating the entire personal pie but I couldn't resist! Because of my poor decisions, I'll be back this weekend either the Mrs. Because I accidents ates her's. WHOOPS! Anywho, I'd highly recommend  for all of omnivores and vegan homies out there. Namaste and happy eating!