Excellent choice for restaurant week! I had a Mad Elf Ale with Bacon wrapped Dates, Butternut Squash Soup, and a Philly Cheesestake  Sandwich. Great service and even better food!We had lunch here and the food was very good. We had quesadillas, a cheesesteak, and a chicken salad. The service was prompt, friendly, and attentive.  We were nervous about it after seeing other reviews, but we really had no complaints.  My husband said the cheesesteak was one of the best we've had.  And my daughter was thrilled with the homemade Mac and cheese.For a bar, this is great if you want a drink.   I didn't try the food but the martinis were as big as my head (on my neck- not the other one, for you sickos). 
Food did look good except that the wings looked giant - every wing fan knows that small wings are the tasty ones. 
To top it off, here's some trivia:  What US post office is the only one to not have a U.S. flag on display?  Answer:  the one across from this bar on market street. The post office was in business before the final design for the U.S. Flag was complete. 
Bottom line- get a martini at this place and glimpse at the post office across the street to make your history teacher happy.Worst decision for restaurant week...went last night total of 9 people, service was HORRIBLE!!!!! It started off bad when we ordered waters as soon as we got there and never got them, they messed up several food orders for example gave us the wrong appetizers, gave broccoli as a side when the meal said asparagus, the cooks couldn't get a steak temperature right for shit..it took over 45 minutes between each meal..when asking for bread, butter, salt & pepper we were told they didn't have it!! Our waiter never checked on us once throughout the meal...the entire time over the course of three hours he only took our order once and delivered each course...we spoke to the manager, Denise, who was completely rude and couldn't justify all of our complaints instead she tried to put the blame on us..never been to a place that "ran out cups" or didn't serve soup spoons with meals or steak knives with their steaks...when we finally got our check, we were charged for things we didn't order/receive....we were not happy with the meals, no one ate and yet we still paid full price and then it was a struggle to get our deserts which were included in restaurant week menu...save your money and your time, pick somewhere else to go!! Overall horrible experience, the nine of us will definitely NOT be returningfood may have been good, had it not been served cold.  we (a party of 6 on a non-crowded wednesday night) waited over 20 minutes after being seated for water.  we waited over an hour for appetizers.  we waited an hour and ten minutes for silverware and napkins.  our server got our drink order wrong.  food substitutions were made to what we had ordered without any warning (bacon and asparagus out, cranberries and broccoli in).  we waited over an hour to be offered a second drink.  so, we asked our server and the manager for a pitcher of ice water.  however, we had to retrieve it from the bar ourselves after they both forgot to get it for us.  to top it all off, they had the gall to include the automatic gratuity on our check for what amounted to the second worst dining experience i've had in philadelphia.  there are plenty of good places to eat in old city.  avoid this one.The food is fantastic - however the service is terrible. Had to wait half an hour for appetizers and about 20 minutes to pay our billNo ambience.  Terrible onion soup, chili and empanadas.  Odd spices in soup.  .  Rock hard bread in onion soup and bad cheese on the chili.  .  Buffalo sauce does not belong on short rib empanadas.What's one of the first things you think about when you're in Philadelphia? Besides my Philadelphia Eagles, a legit cheesesteak comes to mind!
We ended up staying at the Wyndham in the Historic district, so we decided to walk to the restaurants and shops nearby. We spotted a sign that read "Voted Best Philly Cheesesteak", so of course we agreed on this place. 
The restaurant was very tiny inside, but the sky was so beautiful that night, we decided dining outside was just perfect. We were a group of 8, and easily accommodated. 
Our server was very polite and attentive, and the appetizers we ordered were delish!
As for the cheesesteaks, I have a weird weakness for them, so I've tried many. I must say this one wasn't the best, but it was still pretty good.
The night was spent outside, laughing with family and stuffing our faces while watching fireworks explode in the beautiful Philly sky. This made for the perfect first night!My roommate and I came for restaurant week with some of her co-workers. Restaurant week means a limited menu and in my experiences elsewhere the service is quicker because there are only a few dishes available. 
Three of us arrived together a little before 7. We requested a table for six people. The hostess told us she would set up a big table (outside) for us, in the meantime we were told to sit at another outdoor table. The hostess disappeared for 15 minutes. While she was gone another large party sat down at the table that she had promised to us. Not her fault. But to accommodate all of the people in our party we had to pull over another table and chairs ourselves. 
When the waitress came to take our order she seemed surprised that we hadn't been given water or place settings yet. The hostess came out with the water while we were placing our order. We ordered beer/cocktails and our meals at the same time. 
We didn't see our waitress for 45 minutes (except when we went inside to use the bathroom and we saw her conversing with her friends.) She came back to say they were out of one of the beers we had ordered. We ordered something else and she disappeared for 15 more minutes. 
When she came back, my roommate received a beer instead of a cocktail.  We sat with our drinks for about half an hour.  When our waitress came back, she was again surprised that we hadn't gotten our first course yet. She rolled her eyes and blamed the kitchen and the food runners for taking "her plates." When my roommate said that she had gotten the wrong drink, our waitress explained that they had run out of the ingredients needed to make the cocktail she'd ordered. Rather than asking what she wanted instead, our waitress had just substituted a random beer.  Who does that? She offered my roommate a free drink, and when she asked to see the drink menu she disappeared again. 
At this point we're freaking starving, and it's about 8:30 pm. The party next to us hadn't gotten food or drinks yet so they just got up and left.  One of our party went to go see if we could get a table at the restaurant across the street but no dice. 
We finally get our soup/salad course from the food runners. My roommate still hasn't seen the drink menu and we still don't have silverware, so we're sitting there with our soup and salads that we've been waiting for for an hour and a half and we can't even eat them.  (I have no idea why soup and salad took so long, since both those things are normally already prepared and all you would have to do is plate them. Soup was tasty but not as hot as it could have been. 
After salad/soup, I went inside to see if we could get a water pitcher (we had finished our drinks by this point) but there was no one behind the bar. There was live music inside but the restaurant was mostly empty, so I was amazed that it was so slow. 
Our appetizers came next. I got the bacon wrapped scallops which were delicious, and I tried the mac and cheese which was also very good. It is a shame the service here is so poor because the food is good. Our waitress finally brought out the drink menu and offered everyone free drinks.
Our entrees came about 15 minutes after we finished out appetizers, the kitchen seemed to have caught up with itself.  But by now it was 9:20 pm. Our waitress brought our drinks and clarified what we had ordered for our entrees (I guess she had forgotten what we ordered since it had been awhile.) 
The meals we ordered were supposed to come with asparagus but it appeared that they had run out of it because we all got broccoli instead. Half of us got the steak and the other half got the crabcakes.  Both were really good. A food runner also came out with some extra appetizers as an apology for having to wait so long, but I was full by then so I didn't try them.
Dessert was nothing special but still tasty. We finished up at about 10:00. When we got the check we were shocked that an 18% gratuity had been included, despite having to wait an hour and a half to get our first course, without even an offer of bread or something to nibble on. My roommate was also charged for the drink that was swapped for a beer. A casual dining meal, even one with four courses, should not take over three hours, and the first hour should not be spent waiting for drinks and salad.
I wouldn't return here unless I heard they were under new management.We had a draft beer and cheesesteaks here yesterday (a Saturday afternoon in April), and we would definitely return! The service was friendly, and the food was delicious. 
Our only gripe was that the service/cook time was slower than we are used to. By no means was it ridiculously slow, but if you're in a rush you may need to bypass this place.I want to choose zero stars, but the site won't let me...the worst dining experience ever !!!  Unbelievable, since it IS Restaurant Week.  I wish I would have read these reviews before I went.Okay taste. The veggie salad was not very fresh. I had a horrible stomachache after eating there.They try but food wasn't good went to rest week dates were good and the squash soup  the rest was average.  For food not recommended but for bar time I think it will be goodIf you REALLY want to know about this place, look up GiGi Restaurant & Lounge on Yelp & you'll see more one star disappointments than anywhere else!!  (They simply changed the restaurant name-same food, same owners, same dirty venue, same disregard for good service) The decent reviews that are up on the Four Fathers page are by the owner 'Tommy B', and three servers that were just hired. Don't be fooled! Same bad food with cute historical names on the menu.If I could give zero stars, I would. The only reason I ended up in this trash heap is because I was apart of a bar crawl that ended here, where we got a free beer as part of the crawl. I've never written a negative review before because I generally don't have the energy to, but this place deserves it. 
First off, the place smelled rank as soon as you walked in....a disgusting aroma of water, beer, and urine. The bathroom area especially smelled rancid. Either their plumbing was backed up and/or they don't clean the sink/drains behind the bar regularly....either way, not a welcoming atmosphere.
Second, the service was horrendous. While we were served our free beer quickly, getting a second drink was nearly impossible. I was seated in the corner of the bar right next to the bartender whose attention I could not get because she was in a quite in-depth conversation with her friend who was seated next to me. When she finally wrapped up her convo, she went to the other side of the bar and proceeded to wash glasses...didn't check up on any of her customers at the bar, many of whom needed drinks. I finally flagged down the second bartender and ordered a round of Fireball shots (7 to be exact). After he poured the shots, he told me the total would be $80. I thought this was a bit high so I asked what each shot was, he then had to look up the price on the computer for several minutes.....what bartender does not know the price of a shot off the top of his head?? He then told us it was $8.50 a shot plus tax (okay, 8.50 x 7 = 59.50, even with tax that's not $80). I then asked him if he miscalculated, and he went to look at the prices on the computer again (another several minutes) and came back and said they were actually $9.25 per shot. Once again, 9.25 x 7 = 64.75, even with 10% sales tax (which would be 6.47) it would only come to around $71. I think this scumbag was giving himself a nice, big tip hoping we would be too drunk from the crawl to notice. We tried arguing with him and he nastily said "Hey, I don't make up the prices, I just sell the drinks." Yeah, sell them with a huge mark-up for yourself! I don't know what kind of show this place is running, but they are clearly cheating people who they hope are too intoxicated to notice. 
AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS. And if you end up here as a part of a Bar Crawl, chug your free beer and run out of there!Absolutely terrible.  If I could give it zero stars I would. Took 29 min for our drinks to arrive and 40 mins before first course. It took an extra 20+ minutes between 1 at and 2nd course. Owner came out to argue how the wait was not as long as we state despite a timer that we had started. Do not go to this restaurant. They are in desperate need of new management   I repeat DO NOT come here as you will be frustrated to the point of leaving as we did.My wife had never had a philly cheese steak before. Our waitress was from South Philly and talked her out of the original, "cheese-wiz" version. It was delicious!
I had the honest Abe pulled pork. My oldest said he had the best burger of the trip, the Mason Dixon Burger.
The fries were fantastic as well.
The people were warm and friendly and very courteous.
Wish we could go back and sample the live music tonight!$4 draft Happy Hour? I AM SO IN. The Festivity Ale was absolutely amazing. We had two rounds and then left. The bartender was really friendly. There was a really drunk regular in business dress. He was funny but also annoying. The bartender looked at us apologetically every time he spoke. lmao I'll be back!Great atmosphere, really enjoyed the live adult blues band. We tried a couple of appetizers and both were very tasty.  Overall a very good and friendly experience.Atmosphere, food, service, and all over experience was awesome. Portions are huge, usually showcasing locally produced food. Great selection of beers, wine, and spirits. Live music on certain days and a great staff makes 4 Fathers a restaurant worth checking out!This place has great food but service is non existent. Could be such a great place if they had right people working here. If you need to sit at the bar with empty glass for 10 minutes with three people total you need to get a better bartender.My boyfriend and I were looking for a quick meal before heading out for beer week with some friends last night. We live less than a block from this place and have never stopped in over the last year and a half. We saw that they had decent reviews and decided to go for it. We failed to notice that literally all the good reviews were from tourists. The hostess was friendly, we sat inside across from the bar, ordered a sly fox pilsner, and a cider, both were just fine. The beer list isn't anything amazing, its the standard bar beer selection, but we were more interested in seeing if the food was any good because we've been looking for a good regular spot close to home and this is about as close to home as it gets. We ordered wings and a burger and split it. 
The first thing that turned me off about the menu was all of the themed names for things, it seemed like a tourist trap, and it proved to be one. The wings came out about 20 minutes later, which is bordering on a really long time for wings when they weren't that busy. They were warm, not hot, and again, nothing special, the carrots on the plate looked kind of gross and the general presentation just wasn't there. The burger came out promptly after the wings, the fries were decent, the burger wasn't that great, the bun was soggy and it was medium well, not medium. We ate it and it was fine. The service was okay, the owner was attentive and friendly. There's such amazing food in Philly, it's a shame this place isn't even good.The food wasn't very tasty. Every dish was lacking. We went during restaurant week, and the courses were brought out to us out of order. 
The service was not the best either. The waitress checked on us maybe once. The staff overall was nowhere to be found. We even had to go find someone and ask for silverware because they forgot to bring us any.So let me start with this...if you don't know how to staff and execute Restaurant Week, then don't do it. It only hurts you in the long run. 
I should have taken heed to the post I read before I came, but no. I wanted to see the game, I came here instead of Mercado. BAD DECISION! They wait staff was so overwhelmed it took them 10 minutes to come to the table and get our order. 
After we placed our order, we were told that the table we were at was reserved for Karaoke and had to move. Fine. They gave us a $5 off for having to move us. So this is where they went wrong:
1. It took 2 hours to complete the meal. And no, this is not a tapas restaurant. 
2. The drinks were HORRIBLE. I ordered and old fashioned and then a cider that came in a glass and was served on ice...WTH?
3. The pound cake was Sara Lee. 
4. One good thing...the bisque was delicious!!
At least the waitstaff was apologetic. That's all they could do...They had what I wanted. And they made it good. But for a last minute late night drink as compared to the other bars, this one was more in the pricey side. But it's ok, I really came in to use the bathroom. Well with the stop for a quickie!I like their change in concept, buts its SO inconsisent.. sadly, our last visit will be just that -- our last.
We had had the Betsy Ross burger in the past and were impressed. The burger meat was always amazing, so we went back this past time for this reason alone! We took visiting friends with us as well because of how much we liked it.
Bad mistake.
The Betsy Ross burger that is listed on the menu came out with 4 of the main ingredients substituted.  We didnt ask for it that way, so I inquired.  "Oh, yeh. So we dont have those ingredients, so the kitchen changed whats on the burger". 
WHAT? And you didnt think to mention that when we ordered it?!??!  Disappointing to say the least.The "Boston Mac & Cheese" is velveeta with sprinkles of dried bacon on top of it eww!
The bar ran out of cider.
Menus were wet and dirty. 
Don't believe the staff members who try to convince customers to come inside claiming  $5 appetizers and $4 draft. Once the bill arrived this was not the case, we were told that we had been misinformed and were expected to pay the full bill with only a  15% discount ....for the mistake and false advertisement of your staff?!? 
Will gladly skip by this place every chance i get.Horrible service food was ok but I would tell you to stay away. The best thing we hade was the French fries. No joke it took us 2 hour to eat.Great place to host a party.  Not sure what the lower star reviews are about.  We had great service and good food.  Love this place!Should be 0 stars. Took 40 minutes for drinks and soup to show up. Wait staff was pleasant but the owner came over and started disputing how long we were waiting despite having a timer on our phones going. She then walked away and started loudly trash talking us to the hostess. The wait was unacceptable and the owner was unbelievable in how rude she was to her clients.Four Fathers has some great specials all week !! All day happy hour on Monday  2for 1 burgers on Tuesday .....My personal favorite is Thursday they have Karoke @ 9pm , $ 3 Montecello Drafts . Now who wouldn't wanna have a few beers and do Karoke .I also first need to start out by saying that I'm not sure why 4 Fathers has gotten such bad reviews. We visited today at the tail end of a Grim Philly tour. The tour included a complimentary beer at 4 Fathers. We sat at the bar for a couple hours having a few drinks and lunch. The bartender, Joe, couldn't have been more accommodating. The food was good. We ordered Boston Mac and Cheese, cheese steak, Paul Revere, Betsy Ross and Gettysburger. The burgers were great, the fries were nice and crispy with just the right seasoning. We really had no complaints. The mac and cheese didn't quite live up to it's "soon to be famous" description but it was good enough. Will definitely be back here and would recommend others try it was well.I always love coming here when I'm in town. Great location, right across from where Benjamin Franklin's house originally was! The service is quick, got my drinks right away and didn't have to wait too long for food either.  I've had the wings and the mac n cheese, both delicious. The atmosphere is what keeps me coming back, they're always playing great music and everyone is always having a good time. 
My other favorite was karaoke! Wish they'd bring karaoke back! :)Terrible service. The place is not busy and it took nearly 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us at the bar. Servers are forgetful and inattentive. Obvious tourist trap. Will never return.I came here with the grim philly bootleggers tour. I'm not sure if the staff was rude because they're not a fan of the tour, or if they just suck all the time, but the spaced out looking man who served myself and my fiancé was a douche. And I'm very grateful that the quesadillas I ordered were half-price at the time because if I spent $13 on these pulled pork quesadillas I would've been furious because they were absolutely disgusting. Mushy processed meet, super soggy. Nasty, got thrown out. The wings were hard and dry and my fiancé wasn't happy with the mac & cheese. But it wasn't the crap food that had me not a fan of this place, it was the nasty rude staff. I'd never go backBeers were warm, and our burgers were over cooked.  Overall disappointed, and won't be returning.Food is great. Cheesesteak's highly recommended. Staff not so friendly. We also had to wait 25 mins for the food to arrive.
Summary: good food, service below averageNEVER AGAIN!!! Dirty martini.....FAIL!!!! Whiskey double......FAIL!!!!!!! Pan seared salmon........DRY FAIL!!!! NY Strip steak.....medium but still dry FAIL!!!!!!! Side of broccoli........overcooked FAIL!!!!!!! Trying a new place for date night on restaurant week........FAAAAAAAAAAIIIILLLL!!!!!!! Never ever ever ever ever ever again will I come to this place!!!! FAIL!!!! I wish I could give them half a star just because they had food.I really wish I couldn't give zero stars. Where to begin my review.. Let's start with TIME.. It seems the staff at this establishment believes that everyone in the tri-state area is just overflowing with it! The time it took for our order to be taken was too long. The time it took for our drinks to arrive was too long. The time it took our waiter to realize he screwed the pooch without the common courtesy of a reach around was too long. Forgetting to place our order was the 4th strike at his at bat.  Insult to injury was he presenting chicken that was not fully cooked in hopes it would make everything alllll better.. Sorry Charlie, you failed again. Two of the 3 appetizers actually made it to the table (YES I KNOW! SHOCKING!!!!), wait.. NO SILVERWARE! So we had to wait for that. 
The kicker however for me was the waiters attempt to lie to me saying the kitchen staff was very busy with the lunch rush. If two tables outside and three maybe inside being occupied is considered hectic.. You're in the wrong line of business. 
I'd love to tell you how good my food was.. but I left.. I hope I don't make it on facebook for not leaving a tip!
If you have ample time to kill and don't really care to eat or enjoy drinking warm drinks.. By all means visit this establishment.. You'll have a blast. I however will NEVER visit this place again. Tell our waiter we said hello after your first 2 hour wait for your drinks... Forks and Napkins are optional people!Place was terrible at 12:30. Cheesesteak sandwich was cold. Service is almost non-existent. Food took almost 45 minutes after waiting 20 minutes to order. Skip this place.Previous reviews during the month of September capture the true essence of 4 Fathers. Totally incompetent service and wait of over an hour after being sitted led me and my two colleagues to up and walk. Honestly, I do not know how a restaurant can operate with such a blatant disregard for service! Don't bother with this place!Cheesesteak empanadas were amazing... Good suggestions on beer they have. Wait staff was a little slow but good made up for that. Would recommend.Cool atmosphere . Service was friendly and fast, especially for a Saturday night! 
I had the Love Park sandwich. It was decent, nothing too spectacular. I liked the thick cut of mozzarella cheese on it, but could have done without the hummus. 
Great for an inexpensive and light bite to eat.Just went there for lunch with a coworker.  Service was bad.  There was a large party in the back, but just a few tables in the front bar area.  I ordered a burger and my buddy ordered a sandwich.  Took a good 20 - 25 minutes to get the burger, and then they realized they never put in the order for my buddy's sandwich.  They gave us a free round of beers and he got a free bowl of chili because we were in a rush to get back to work at this point.  The burger was fair at best...definitely not worth the $12 or $13 bucks.  Way too many good options in that neighborhood to bother going back.Burgers here are freaking good! Had a bomb ass "mason Dixon line" burger and was hella pleased. The burger had tons of flavor. Good service at the bar, friendly bartenders. They tried to keep some bottles of beer I was drinking on ice for me. Supposedly had a good cheese steak but I couldn't try it without Angie!
Good friendly location with a good patio to eat outside. Couple tv's but only saw golf on.if there were a zero star this is what they'd receive! we were 1st to be seated, last to receive. 1st course FINALLY arrived after a 90min wait!! our RSVP was 6:15, it's 8:17 and we're still waiting for the last course!! again one star isn't adequate if you happen to be in the area and looking for a spot to go...just walk on by!! JUST walk on BY!!! #SkipIt #BelowParServiceShouldBeAbolished #BOO #HadToMoveTheCarTwice #NoAccomodationsForTheBelowParService #MoodChange #TearsOfAClown #LossOfAppetite #ImVerySensitive #WorthyOfNoTip #ShouldveHadAV8This bar was extremely welcoming and fun.  I went there for the first time this weekend on my first trip to Philadelphia and made fast friends with the bar tender who went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we needed and had a great time.  I highly recommend this place!Not sure why this place has bad reviews.  Anyway, pretty simple place inside with a standard bar. Bartender was super cool. I sat outside on the curb seating and had food and drink brought out to me. Great burger! Cheese steak empanadas were good as well. I tried their local brewed Philly pale ale - Walt wit and it was good.I've been here several times because they have nice happy hour drink specials, but every time we've been horribly disappointed, and finally learned our lesson to not come back again. Very watered down drinks, slow service, and the food is simply atrocious. The French onion soup is dark brown and so thick like a syrup. I've never had any French onion soup with that texture or color, and the taste was really odd like its rotten. The burger was disgusting like worse than a McDonalds burger - how can you screw up a burger?! It was falling apart and the bun was stale. The chili was like a paste, strange rotten taste, hardly any meat, all goo. The salad was worse than fast food salads - wilted and some pieces seemed again, rotten. We will never be here again!
Update 6/30: After writing this review, I got a message from what looks like a 4 Fathers representative, rudely berating me for the review and calling me a fake liar. So, good customer service in responding to legitimate complaints, too!
Update 7/3: After the above update, I got another message from the same person: "You're pathetic. Have a great day you fraud.  Get a real job instead of writing phony reviews." How insane! Nearly all the other poor reviews below confirm my 1-star review. But beyond that, the representatives of this place speak for themselves!i hate people/places/things before i like them. just got home from happy hour here  and have to say i left loving this place. the food/happy hr pricing was great (got the deviled eggs and cheesesteak empanadas), enjoyed the vibe (there was a band) and loved the selection of craft beers (got dale's pale ale). everyone was really friendly and the service was above average.Not sure how it can possibly take 45 minutes to make a cheesesteak in Philadelphia but it did at this place!   Food was great.  Service was so horrible there is no way in creation we would ever return.  Ever.This place is very friendly and fun! We were here a month ago for the weekend trip. First, we went to "the" famous cheese steak place and didn't like it at all. But 4 FATHERS` CHESE STEAK WAS THE BEST I HAVE EVER HAD. lots of flavor and great service. when the chef heard that we came from NY, he served us delicous cheesecake. It was light and creamy! Must try it!
Even our 5 years old son loved 4 Fathers! I can't wait to go back to to have their cheese steak!
20140525_191756.jpg
20140525_191818.jpgA disorganized mess!  Ran out of glasses, all their draughts were out, and they poured whatever they had as leftovers into small water glasses!According to Yelp, two stars means "Meh, I've experienced better" and I have.   As other reviewers in this time-period have noted, the service is awful; even when the restaurant didn't appear busy, we had an inexplicably long wait.    In fact, on a weekend afternoon, nobody seemed to be in charge or care about service.    If business is good because it's transient (i.e. tourists) and the restaruant has no expectation that people will return anyway (so why step-up serivce?) then that is exactly the purpose of YELP.      Also, the food (in our case, we went about tasting cheesesteaks in the area) was average.    We experienced better at two joints that were two blocks from 4 Fathers.    Skip this one.So I've been to 4 Fathers for happy hour and was pleased with the beer list. Here's the thing, we can't survive on quality beers alone. I stopped by with my wife, on a Sunday afternoon just for some beers and apps. 
When we walked up, we sat at one of the sidewalk tables. My wife went inside to look around and on her way in she told the host, or manager or maître d' or whatever he was, that we were sitting at that table and he said he would get us some menus and a waitress. About 10 minutes later, we had to remind him we were there. About 15 minutes after that we finally got a waitress that was very very nice, but had absolutely no clue. 
When we asked for a beer list, she went to the bar and wrote down what was on tap, except she only wrote the brewery name, not the brew that was on tap. We asked her what Dogfish Head was on tap and she had to go back inside to find out. When she told us it was 90 Minute, we ordered it. 5 minutes later she came out and said "they tell me it's 'kicked', but I don't know what that means." So we ordered beers from the bottle list, no biggie. 
When it was time to order our app, we decided to to order the bacon wrapped scallops. It was the most expensive app on the menu, at $14. When they came out, there were 4 mini scallops completely enveloped in over cooked bacon. It was terrible. 
Anyway, I'll gladly go back for a beer. But I'll eat somewhere else.Worst service I've ever received. My brother and I decided to check this place out, a party of 15 arrived at the same time we did. We chose to sit outside while they were taken in. We were left at our table for fifteen minutes without so much as a drink order being place. I flagged down the hostess for a waiter, who eventually came to take our orders. We ordered two appetizers as well as our meals. We waited over twenty minutes with no sign of food and without the waiter coming back to check on our drinks. Eventually our meals came... at the same time as one of our appetizers. They had forgotten the other one. I mentioned it to them and to leave it off so we wouldn't be charged when it came time to collect the check. But instead of leaving it off like I asked, they put it in and charged us for it. The waiter did give my brother a free beer (of a brand he didn't like) and once again left us unattended.
Then we had to wait twenty more minutes after we finished eating to be given the check, that I eventually had to flag the hostess down for.
The food was good but not at all worth the quality of the service. The kicker is the family of fifteen was out the door before we were.So this was my first trip to Philly and my girlfriend and I were exploring the city and doing some bar hopping.  We hit several bars, but 4 Fathers instantly became our favorite!  
The bar tender was amazing, extremely friendly and gave us a bunch of good info on what to do in the city.  We didn't try the food this time, but it the menu and dishes looked great.  Overall the place is very friendly, very reasonable prices on quality drinks and just a good spot to bring a group of friends.
Finally, my GF left her cell phone there and we didn't notice until our train back to NYC.  I called the bartender and he overnighted her phone back to us for no charge.  Incredible customer service!  I can't recommend this place enough and can't wait to go back and get some (more) drinksDon't eat here. Beer is fine. Food is all straight from the microwave.  Nasty nasty nasty.  But you can't beat a 4 beer in old city for happy hour.  So drink up if you can get a waitress that will visit your table. ( I couldn't ). But eat elsewhere.I can't speak for the food buuuuuut I can speak for their happy hour specials and that in itself is 5 stars! The Festivity Ale from Goose Island is delicious and reminds me of my favorite holiday beer from my hometown brewery. The bar is very cute with historical decor and the bartender was friendly. A win in my book! Go America!Had my last straw with this place. I have had consistently terrible service. 
I stopped in today for a quick beer while waiting for my dog's grooming appointment. I sat down and asked for a beer menu. I was shocked to hear they had one, because in the past they acted like they have never heard of a beer menu in their life. Waitresses have once handed me their own, hand written beer list.
I order a beer off of the list. The server comes out, says there is no more of the beer I ordered. I say, ok, and order a different one. He comes back, sans beer, and says they are out of that, too. I asked for an *updated* beer list. He goes in, surveys his beer, comes out and hands me the new list (at this point about 15 minutes have passed). Surprise, one of the ones I ordered was in stock according to his new list. I order a different, third beer. He brings it, and I never see him again for 45 minutes. He comes out finally and says, "hey. sorry. they were too lazy earlier to go downstairs, so we have them now." I said, "you have what?" "the beers you originally ordered." Oh. Okay.
Terrible food, terrible wait staff... all around awful. This place won't last long.It wasnt great it wasnt bad. The music was good the cheese steak bad. The waiteress was very nice and service good the BLT had cheese in it for some reason  but it wasnt bad4 Father's Score: 5
Burger Quality: 1
Bun: 1
Fries: 1
Extras:  1
Value: 1
2 Sentence Review: ugh. Do this at home...season your burger with a bunch of season salt, freeze it, then thaw it, freeze it again, now cook it, then outrageously overcharge yourself to eat it...or just go to 4 fathers and avoid the hassle. 
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)Cheesesteak was cold even after I sent it back for being wrong.  They told me they were a full bar but didn't have Cuervo Gold or Grand Marnier They ran out of white wine on my second glass.  The meat on the burger is strongly seasoned ( and I like a seasoned burger, but was even too strong for me).  They do have delicious fries.  They are seasoned with sea salt and black pepper.   We liked our server.   He tried.Convenient location to hotel. Great Happy Hour specials. Tried the Cajun chicken quesadilla pretty good. Food options did not appeal to me so I stuck with wine.Nice cozy place....good assortment of craft beers. Joe the bartender is quite entertaining with his stories. Highly recommend you stop here for a bite to eat and a few drinks!Let me say, the food was great. I had the rich and cheesy Mac and cheese. Another diner had the Philly cheese steak-outstanding! Not greasy at all and served on a fresh hoagie. The French onion soup was decent sized (as it should be at $7 a cup!). The salads were decent and the atmosphere was great! 
The service, however, was terrible. We waited nearly an hour for our food. Only two out of the four dinners got a refill (only because we specifically asked). The biggest problem with all of this? We were one of three parties in the restaurant. And those two were drinking at the bar!We were very disappointed with our experience at Four Fathers. If I could give less than one star, I would. The food was greasy & poorly plated. The Caesar salad lettuce was old looking, limp & WAY over dressed-it was drowning in dressing. Gross! The burger was dry and the fries looked like they were left over from an older order & re-fried to heat them up. Very oily. I got terrible stomach cramps after eating here. I felt so bad for our server, it seems like they had no idea what was going on & could not produce a manager. Everyone looked lost. They said they just opened but really, you should have trained staff & decent food before opening.Great make over of the facility and food.  The staff is very attentive, friendly and helpful.  Happy hour specials are excellent.  The owners were there making sure everyone was having a good experience.  Casual dining done well.  
Also, always a friendly crowd here.  Perfect place to go even if you are dining alone.I really don't like to give a bad review, but I am still appalled at how poor the service was here. Two coworkers and I decided to devote our Restaurant Week lunch to this establishment, deciding to give something new a try over our usual go-tos. Big mistake.
We were seated fairly quickly, but waited nearly 10 minutes for someone to come and take our order. It took nearly 45 minutes to get our appetizers, and our main course followed, slightly cold, about 10 minutes after we'd finished. It then took forever for our waiter to notice that we'd finished our sandwiches, and when he finally came over and promised that dessert "would be right out," he didn't return for another 15 minutes. And then we had to wait for him to bring silverware. We asked for the check when he brought the cake, and it turned up while we were still digging in, but then he disappeared. By this time we were looking at nearly a two-hour experience. We eventually had to walk inside (which was empty, by the way), flag down the host who'd served us, and ask him to run the credit card and cash for us. A different waiter brought out my coworker's card and receipt, but never returned with the change from our cash for the rest of the bill. At this point we had way overstepped our lunch break and really had to be going. No one ever came back with our change, though the host said that they were running the transaction. Then he disappeared and all was quiet. I caught a glimpse of our waiter hiding behind the kitchen doors. Eventually we said "screw it" and left, leaving a much better tip than he'd deserved.
I give two stars because the food actually was decent. Nothing special, but well-cooked and satisfying. The cake, however, tasted like something I could buy at the supermarket.
If you have all the time in the world to kill, I suppose you could give this place a try. As for us working gals, we will not be back.I was here two Fridays ago and had a GREAT time!  The only thing about the night that was less than enjoyable was the Caesar salad I ordered, but the fries were delish.  The band was ON POINT and the vibe was fun!  Owners were very friendly and bought us a shot and introduced themselves.Had dinner here this past weekend. Walked there from the hotel and there was a live band playing (which was great, love live music!). Our server was attentive for the most part (lost him towards the end when we wanted the check). I got the crab cake sandwich with fries (delicious!) and my boyfriend got the burger (looked good). We met one of the co-owners, lovely lady who chatted with us for a couple of minutes. The actual restaurant was really cute, small, but not claustrophobic small. The booth I sat in wasn't completely nailed to the ground, which was annoying every time I leaned forward because I thought I was going to fall over. Tables out front, good for warm weather days.
Overall, a great dining experience! Would come back here if I find myself back in Philly.I was looking for a good restaurant to go to for my birthday outing last week, and thought it would be fun to venture into Philly, as it was restaurant week. I started noticing that with such a large party, OpenTable was having a hard time finding us a place to eat. 4 Fathers had popped up, but only with a reservation available at 6:30PM. I called to see if they were able to do it at a later time, and they said that they could get us in at 8PM for a party of 12. 
When we arrived, we were hanging out at the bar, waiting for the rest of our party. They seated us about 5 minutes after the entire party had arrived. We had Austin as our server, and he was absolutely great. I know it can be hard for servers when its a huge party. I was initially hesitant to book here as a result of other yelp reviewers stating that the food was great, but the service was slow. Austin was anything but slow. He was at our table within 1 minute of being seated, and explained that he was going to get everyone a round of water, and let us look over the menus. He explained how restaurant week worked, and told us that he would take our orders for each course intermittently throughout the dinner. We all ordered drinks, and then soup/salad/appetizers about five minutes later. Austin also brought us over a complimentary glass of champagne for my birthday. 
Our appetizers arrived, and were delicious. I ordered a salad without the bacon on it, and when it came out, it did have bacon. Austin spotted this immediately, and said he was going to take care of this. Luckily, someone else at the table had ordered the same salad with bacon, so he took my salad, and Austin brought out a bacon-less salad for me less than two minutes later. 
We then ordered our dinner, and that came out relatively quickly. I was afraid that we might all receive our meals at different times, due to the size of the party, but I would say that it only took about 5 minutes total for everyone's dinner to come out. Everyone at the table was really pleased with their food. My guests also mentioned that they were surprised the portions were so big for a restaurant week menu, and that they got 4 courses instead of 3. I had the wedge salad, and it was great. I put a little balsamic drizzle on it that I had tasted in a friend's salad, and it was one of the best wedge salads I've ever had. I also ordered the Love Park (veggie) sandwich, and the bread was good, the vegetables were cooked perfectly, and the sandwich was a hit. Most of my fellow diners ordered steaks, and were quite pleased with them. They were all cooked just to what had been asked for, and there wasn't much food left on anyone's plates at the end of the meal. 
Dessert orders were taken, and dessert came out the fastest, but was still delicious. I had the cheesecake, and my boyfriend looked like he was in heaven with the ultimate chocolate cake. After dessert, Tommy, the head chef and part-owner of the restaurant came out, and brought us all a round of fireballs (shots), and wished me a happy birthday. We were continuously checked on by Austin, Tommy, and Tommy's mother (another part-owner), the entire meal. They were all extremely friendly, attentive, and accommodating (I'm also a vegetarian, so sometimes its hard to get restaurants to tweak their menu for me).
I spoke to Tommy and his mom after the meal, and told them what a great time I had, and how good the food and service was. As I said, I know it can be really difficult to deal with such a large party of people, and they handled it beautifully. 
To other reviewers on yelp- yes, it may be loud inside the restaurant, but with a party of 12, we were probably only raising the decibel level. It gives you a really neighborhood, closeness-like feel while you are dining there. I received many birthday wishes from the fellow restaurant patrons and regulars as well. In regards to the slow service that was mentioned on yelp by other reviewers...I don't see it? Even as a party of 12, we were taken care of very quickly, and when we were waiting between courses, we enjoyed our wine, and good company. 
The moral of the story- the food was great, the service was great, and the servers were friendly, attentive, and extremely accommodating. I will definitely go back there to eat again, and I will remember that they are great for large parties as well.
Thank you to Tommy, Austin, Mom, and the rest of the staff and crew at 4 Fathers- you made my birthday quite memorable!My husband and I are now sitting at 4 Fathers for the 5 th or 6 th time. What a wonderful location! Beautiful outdoor seating is incredibly conducive for people watching and enjoying the day. I usually don't write reviews on Yelp, but I found the 3 star rating appalling. The food here is simple, fresh and always delicious! The wait staff is friendly and attentive and always make you feel like you are their most cherished diner. If you like beer, and who doesn't, you won't be disappointed by their 13 beers on tap and extensive bottled selection. The owners are always here and love to come and chat with you. We met Denise today and she's wonderfully charming! So do yourselves a HUGE favor and stop by 4 Fathers. You will not be disappointed! My recommendation. The Philly Cheese steak and pierogies. Bon Appetite!Thank you to 4 Fathers Philadelphia and Tommy for making Heather and I engagement party special. The staff was attentive, food and drink were great.  We had a great party and could not have asked for more..Came in just for a drink with some friends yesterday and decided to order a few apps.  The mac and cheese was to die for, one of the best I've had in the city.  I want to order that for my meal when I come back.  Everything we ordered was good!My husband and I just happened to walk by looking for something to grab for lunch.  The cute little lady at the door was friendly and personable it made us want to stop.  The menu has some really good items on it.  I order the blackened salmon BLT on rye and my husband got the create your own cheesesteak.  The food was FAB!!!!!  We was very pleased with the food and service.  We will definitely be back.  4 Fathers you ROCK!!!!Service was excellent.  Waiter was very attentive and we had 2 other guys ask us how were doing, which we were very pleased.  
We were also happy to find a good kid's menu, which we struggled to find at other places.
Philly Steak, Chili Cheese Dog were great.
Chili Cheese Fries were awesome!
Great place for lunch.
Also seems like a great place to have a beer and watch a game.We came during restaurant week and were provided with excellent service. I believe our waiter's name was Josh so if you visit and request him then I'm you'll be treated just as great as we were. The food was also very good. I look forward to returning to try the rest of the menu options offered. Overall this was a great experience and we look forward to returning.Best cheesesteak I ever had and their potato soup was to die for! The bartender was super nice. They had a creative menu so I was glad to find something I could handle! I'll definitely be back.I didn't want to downrate this place but my experience at 4 Fathers basically confirmed everything I read on Yelp warning me not to go here...
Service was inattentive and unfriendly. We had to call the waitress over multiple times so we could get silverware to eat our food. Water refills nonexistent.
Food was absolutely meh. 
Varied beers available but could definitely find better in the neighborhood. 
Nopenopenope, not again.