Stopped here for a late lunch with two friends from Kingston, Jamaica, who wanted authentic food from home. We started with Red Pea Soup that was incredibly good. As the American in the group, I ordered Jerk Chicken Quesadillos with Sour Cream as an appetizer which I did enjoy.  My friends from Kingston were not fans of this ... definitely not spicy enough for them. The oxtail specialty was a hit and even I found the curry goat to be delicious. Chef Lewis, from St. Thomas, Jamaica, came out to greet us and he was a delightful person. The restaurant is very clean and tastefully decorated. We had a great dining experience.The jerk chicken platter was delicious and huge, even my husband couldn't finish it all (and he eats a lot!) The jerk chicken sandwich was also delicious and very meaty! We ordered conch fritters as well but i felt like they were a waste of money considering they were tiny and didn't taste that great. The owner was very nice and I look forward to trying out the rest of the menu!Had to place an order here after I had placed an order somewhere else with UberEATS that never showed. 
Got the oxtails, stew chicken, curry chicken and island wings. Well, I must say they were a great substitution!
The flavors on simply EVERYTHING was delicious! I'm Jamaican and I'm weary of eating at Caribbean places but I was so mad this was the first place I picked. It's not my cooking, lol, but when I say it's HARD finding a place I like. I haven't eaten Jamaican food outside of mine or family cooking in years! I've been that disappointed so many times!
Y'all have a customer! Thanks for the deliciousness!I come here pretty often and the food has been consistently good. The island wings are my usual go to.  I REALLY liked their curried chicken but I don't think they carry it all the time. I've also had their jerk chicken quesadillas. Service can be slow sometimes but if you're not in a rush, it's greatLove, love, love this place. The food, the homemade drinks, the wonderful people who run the place....all is on point.
We usually get the ox tail and the jerk chicken plus plantain, garlic mash, mac n cheese and cabbage. My family is from the islands and the food at 48th Street Grill is absolutely authentic and delicious. I was excited when I heard about a Caribbean spot opening on my block last year. By now we have dined in and taken out plenty of times and the quality is consistently top notch. 
Definitely try the homemade ginger beer. So flavorful. 
I never tried a dessert but saw somebody else order the cheesecake. It looked divine. So next time I will have to give it a whirl.
Take it from somebody who got married at the Jamaican Jerk Hut on South Street: if you like their food, you will love the food at 48th Street.
One word about the owner and staff: the love they have for what they do shines through. Every single time we have dined in, the owner comes out from the kitchen and talks to his guests. What a lovely touch! 
Thank you for opening this gem in our neighborhood!The food was very good, the service was odd. 
The good: 
Food is tasty, well seasoned, the portions generous. We had several appetizers and the shrimp curry. Very good food at reasonable prices. 
The odd: 
Our waiter either didn't care or had no idea how to handle a group of more than 4. Each person had to ask for water individually. When we asked for menus, he only brought 4 of them. When we asked for more, we got an attitude of "of course I'll bring more for you, why are you even asking?" Perhaps because it's appropriate to bring menus for everyone in a party at the same time and not when individual people ask? The food came out so staggered that by the time the last people got their food, the first people were completely done. I understanding all dishes not coming out at exactly the same time but this was way beyond that. Our party brought a case of beer and several bottles of wine. The corkage fees they wanted to charge originally (before our host talked them down) was $5 per bottle of wine and $2.50 per bottle of beer, which is completely ridiculous.Wow! I had the Curry Chicken, Rice and that God blessed cabbage, Oooo the flavor was so amazing, so amazing. The chicken was a perfect texture and and flavor, literally falls off the bone. My girlfriend had the Shrimp tomato basil linguini - it was amazing. The flavor was unforgettable. If you are in the area this place is a MUST. The Chef, Mr Carl Lewis Sr. Is the real deal! You will not be disappointed.Reasonably priced, very clean, outstanding friendly service. Try the island wings, yum. 
Dishes are cooked to order so you may wait a little, but bring some wine (it's byob) and relax.Tried this new spot when visiting my boyfriend's uncle this past weekend. I had the Island wings and jerk chicken platter. Everything was so good and tasty. The slaw that's served with the Island wings ... OMG must try. Definitely adding this spot to all of our Philly visits.If you're familiar with the phrase "tastes so good makes you wanna slap your momma". I needn't say anything more. Lunch from here on Wednesday and brunch this afternoon. I have never enjoyed shrimp and grits more. Ever. And I grew up in NC. Go, order, eat, repeat!I ordered a Jerk chicken sandwich with fries. The food looked great but the chicken was very tough and hard to eat. I'm sad to say the fries was best thing on the plateFirst things first, I would like to tip my hat to the wait staff and chef here. Everyone was very accommodating and friendly - with the chef even coming by to ask us how our meal was! Overall, the food was quite good. At first I was apprehensive about a long dining experience as the menu warns that all food is cooked to order so you can expect about a 30 min wait. Our food came within 10 minutes of ordering! The food overall was solid - I ordered the curry chicken and my partner ordered the jerk pork chops. I find the spice levels were very toned down and not authentically Jamaican, but still tasted good. Overall would definitely recommend and I will be coming back.I got take out from here one night when we were craving some oxtail and plantains.  Unfortunately the place we usually order from no longer delivers, so I decided to try here rather than venture too far from home.  
The service over the phone and upon pick up were very warm and friendly, and the restaurant looked like a cute place to have a casual dinner.  I imagine the friendly warm service would extend to patrons dining in.  
We got the oxtail platter with plantains and curry goat with cabbage.  Both came with rice and beans.  We also got the island wings.  Everything was delicious, even the sides.  The goat was my favorite.  The meat was tender and portions plentiful.  I could have gone a little heavier on the seasoning, but it was good nonetheless.  The wings were good as well, but not as mind blowing as I expected based on some of the other reviews.  
The only reason I probably wouldn't come here for take out is the price tag.  For an the oxtail ,goat, and 5 piece of wings, the bill came to about $50.  I understand that the menu is a little pricier since their establishment likely has hire overhead than your typical hole in the wall Jamaican/Caribbean but since I tend to do take out for this type of cuisine I'm not used to paying this much for it.  To maximize your meal, I'd say you should eat in and get that good service that's built into the menu price.  That said, I knew what I was ordering and glad I tried it.  One of these days, I'm sure I'll be dining in with a bottle of wine.I'm going to keep this short and to the point. The food here is excellent. Everything taste, portion size, presentation excellent.  The customer service was polite,and attentive, but not annoying. One of my biggest gripes when going to Caribbean or West Indian restaurants is the poor customer service and rudeness that I receive. 48th st Grille's staff was friendly and professional from start to finish. The prices are reasonable for the quality of food that your getting. I strongly recommend giving 48th Grille a chance.
Ps. Can't remember the exact names of what we had in the pictures attached. One was a salmon dish the other was a tilapia dish. I'm sure they can tell you if you show them the pictures.I was told by a friend the food here is really good and want to have a try. I checked the menu on their website before ordering and chose from the lunch portion, but When I ordering the food the cashier told me there's no lunch portion for that dish, but there's one on there menu from their website. I don't understand why they do this kind of misleading thing. And the price is 20 rather than 14. But I order it anyway and also with and lunch meal. It took more than half hour to get my food, and even the guy came 10mins later than me get the food first. Maybe because they can get a tip from dine in not from a take out. 
I was surprised when I get the food. The size of regular meal and lunch meal is nearly the same, but the price is definitely not the same. Food is ok, but never go there again and won't recommend.48th street Grill is a great new restaurant in Philly. I went in there for dinner a few weeks ago on a rainy day looking for a nice meal to warm me up. I started with my servers recommendation of the fresh ginger beer to drink. The drink had a zesty flavor to it that felt healthy to drink. For dinner I had the jerk chicken platter. Chicken was hot and juicy and spiced well. I also really enjoyed the sides of rice, beans, and fresh sautéed veggies. Missed dessert but will be ordering it next time, the dessert selection looked great. Service and food are both 5 star worthy.D & M Salmon 
The 48TH Street Grille is a dream come true for this neighborhood! There are plenty of pizza shoppes, sandwich shoppes, and quick wing places, but to have a sit-down dining house here is truly refreshing! They prepare and serve their fare with a Caribbean/American flare.  Really great food! It's tasty, well-prepared and attractively presented. My wife and I have dined there on four occasions and there's not been a bad bite in the bunch {:^}. And the service has been excellent and always accompanied by a smile. We have particularly enjoyed their marinated wings for appetizer, the Salmon with salsa, and the blackened tilapia as entrees. Go and be prepared to enjoy a really great meal and top-shelf dining experience. You'll be a fan, too!This an excellent place to go ig you have a craving for salmon. The blackened salmon is particularly delicious; they know how to season it (the spice rub gives it an extra nice texture). The sauce that comes with the meal is addicting (true example of wanting to lick the plate). Also, for dessert, try the breading pudding. It's moist and bursting with warm flavors. My only with the entire order is that they were missing ingredients that were listed on the menu. My bread pudding didn't include the scoop of ice cream and my salmon was missing the "scampi" (I got the shrimp but not the noodles. I don't know if that is their intention but usually 98% of the time shrimp scampi is shrimp and noodles). When you get your food, make sure everything is on the plate. But other than that, the food was great, customer service was good, and it's a great place to dine.Strolled in for dinner around 6pm on a Tuesday night and was greeted at the entrance by a friendly hostess, who seated me immediately. 
After a quick peruse of the menu, I ended up ordering the large oxtail platter and a ginger beer. The server was helpful in answering all of my questions and even offered me a sample of the ginger beer before committing to an entire glass. 
The food came out pretty quickly and was tasty! As someone with Caribbean parents, the food was on point. It had the perfect amount of heat to add to the flavor without taking over the dish. Oxtail platter came with rice and peas and a side. I got plantains which were pretty good, but maybe a tad overripe. Had the bread pudding for dessert which was also good. 
Server came by just enough to be attentive without being annoying. I was working on a work project and didn't feel rushed to leave, even after I finished eating. Although, admittedly, it wasn't super busy. 
Overall, a great addition to the neighborhood. We've really been lacking a good sit down place to eat. There were a couple other menu items that look promising so I'll definitely be back!I loved the atmosphere and the food was good with some Caribbean favorites. I had an Angus burger for roughly $10 and tasted pretty good. The wait service could step it up a little bit and if they took seasoning up a notch it would take them to the next level. The hostess was very nice and when I was going to  leave the chef came and checked in with me to make sure everything was cool.I've enjoyed two delicious brunches here-- their pancakes are AWESOME. Fluffy but still with a little crisp. The service is great. Would definitely recommend. Looking forward to trying their dinner sometime!Best jerked chicken that I've found in Philly. Perfectly spicy, juicy, tender. Awesome stuff! Tack on a side of plantains and I'm a happy man. 
We've tried some other stuff on the menu, but nothing else we've had holds a candle to that delicious chicken.
BYOB, so plan ahead!The island wings were delicious!!!! Do not pass them up you will not regret. The staff is super friendly, I will be back.Please work on the mac and cheese the way you had it about a year ago was much better it was different than the usual mac and cheese it was almost like a cream colored or light yellow colored maybe you use white cheddar I don't know or a mixture of cheeses but it was definitely different and I was telling all my friends also the apple pie the apples I believe need to be cooked longer they are too crispy like too ripe or somethingThe food is excellent. I've only experienced this restaurant as a take out option and have yet to be disappointed. The jerk chicken wings with the pineapple ranch dip is awesome. Perfect combination.   I've tried a few other dishes that came with cabbage and rice and beans and they blend together very well.  Not too impressed with the mac and cheese.  It's definitely not made with the same love as the other menu items.  My only concern is the price. The prices don't match the portions you're served. Nearly 15 dollars for 10 jerk wings makes you think twice if other options are available.get the island wings.  also, everything is awesome, but if you're getting a main, get the oxtails.Excellent meal, wonderful chef. Island wings are a must. The curry goat is also excellent. Very warm and friendly.Unbelievable...everything here is absolutely delicious! The staff is friendly and attentive.
I had to create a yelp account so I could give this place 5 stars. Enjoy!This is hands down the BEST carribbean food. Everything I've had from the grilled shrimp appetizer, to the jerk chicken (entree & pasta) to the curried chicken and oxtail (including all of the sides) was absolutely delicious! Leave room for dessert - the bread pudding is the perfect ending. We have found a new fav place and will continue to come back again!Friendly staff and great food. I haven't had the chance to dine in, but the atmosphere is chill, with some classic reggae like Bob Marley playing in the background. I've tried most of their appetizers and sandwiches! Simply amazing! You have to try the wings, they are the best I've had in Philly so far.Great food and the staff/owner was very attentive. The eat in space was comfortable and off street parking was not a problem. Will definitely be backVery clean and nice restaurant and staff. We had today's special- a kind of fish( I forget the name), it's delicious. We also had chicken wings for appetizer, we like it. I think the only thing I may complain is about the location, I have to walk 8 blocks. Except that, everything is greatMy family came here for Mother's Day and we left extremely dissatisfied. I like to rate restaurants on three things: Food, Service, and Atmosphere. All three were lacking at this restaurant. 
My brother ordered Jerk Chicken and a side of fried plantains, my mother ordered the baked salmon, and I ordered the "Rasta Pasta" with jerk chicken. My brother said his food was alright, not terrible, just passable. My mother enjoyed her salmon, but found the vegetables to be very tough and undercooked. My pasta was practically floating in the thinnest "sauce" I have ever had. It was pretty much soup. The jerk chicken addition consisted of one or two pieces of chicken with the rest of the dish being made of way too many bell pepper strips thrown on top of the pasta soup. 
The service was totally inattentive. Our waiter forgot our requests multiple times and needed to be reminded that we ordered a drink or to bring us a dish. My brothers side of plantains was stuck in kitchen limbo for an incredible length of time. We waited so long on some of our dishes that we had to get them to go. 
This is a small restaurant and there's nothing wrong with that, but they cram people inside. On top of that a few of the tables sit incredibly low. I'm 6'4, so it was a total inconvenience for me, but I'm use to that. My 5'9 brother on the other hand is a normal height and had leg difficulties too. There were also gnats flying around our table. 
For a restaurant that has been around for a year, I'd hope that they would fix the many issues plaguing the place. I understand that it was Mother's Day and they were busy, but I'm not going to give this place another chance to ruin a dining experience for me. They should pay extra attention to the details on special occasions. I don't know how eating here on a regular night would be like.Great food and amazing service! The Jerk chicken was delicious and my favourite side was the mashed sweet yams. The Ginger beer is a must-try.What a gem! We've been looking forward to 48th Street Grille's opening, and we headed there last weekend with friends in from out of town. 
A great, warm, and welcoming space, with ample seating, and an island color scheme. 
I had some of the best jerk chicken (ordered the sandwich) I've ever tasted. The sweet potato fries were undeniably fresh, the veggie slaw was delicious, and the onion relish could stand alone, it was so well-balanced. 
We had excellent cornbread, expertly cooked plaintains, and a strong (pleasant, and almost medicinal) ginger beer. Mac and cheese was tasty, and the other 4 at our table thoroughly enjoyed their plates as well. 
Service was great. They were kind, polite, well-versed on the menu, and checked on us consistently. 
We'll be going back to try the desserts, and we will definitely be back to check out Saturday brunch!!When we walked in the owner greeted us and seated us to a table. Stopped in for lunch. Ordered island wings and received jerk wings. The waitress offered to put 5 island wings which I originally ordered. The island wings are sweet and spicy. The jerk wings. Order the island wings that are great. Ordered cabbage which is good but needs seasoning. The red beans and rice were good. The deserts look appetizing but I didn't order any. The waitress was slow. She never refilled my water. I would return since the food is always good.Excellent through and through! The wings as an appetizer were out of this world. We had a big party and everyone's dinner was excellent. The jerk chicken, rasta pasta, tilapia and lobster mac-n-cheese were all delicious. The service was very good AND the chef visited our table. I would highly recommend this place.Absolutely loved the food- had the jerk quesadillas, garden salad and Rasta Pasta- all of the items were hot, great portion sizes and great service. The presentation of the food was also nice and we were promptly greeted and seated upon entering. Special thanks to our waitress Carlene- she was so pleasant and accommodating through each of our courses. We really enjoyed the overall dining experience and light and airy ambiance of the restaurant. We also appreciated the air conditioning especially on such a hot day. I think it was a special touch that the chef came out to check on each table- it was an added specialty to the overall experience as well. Will definitely be returning!Horrible service! Attended a dinner party with friends. During our meal we were hushed by a female manager who informed us she couldn't hear her take out orders being called all the way in the kitchen. It was a party of 20 people idk why you would think it would be quite. To top that off at the end of our meal we were approached by an older man dressed in a chefs coat who told us we were all flanked I guess that he meant drunk and suggested we call a cab. No one was drunk everyone had 2 glasses of wine if that. I just don't understand why you would allow large parties if you prefer a quiet atmosphere. I also don't understand why you would be BYOB and accuse people of being drunk when everyone was completely sober. But of course no one was drunk enough that they couldn't pay their bill or leave a tip or sign their credit card receipts we were sober enough for that of course. I would never go back there. The food wasn't even authentic.What a great place to eat. I love the environment, Caribbean music gently playing, warm environment, friendly service from this family, and finally the fresh food! Hidden gem right near university city. Great for a small getaway for a local! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!GOOOOOD FOOD!!!!!!  I Highly recommend this restaurant.  I was in Philadelphia visiting my girlfriend over the Memorial holiday weekend.  I am from New York and I am extremely hard to please when it come to Food.  This restaurant came highly recommended from her girlfriend who assured her I would like this restaurant and boy was she RIGHT!!!  I ordered curry goat, which was exremely tender and well seasoned, I had rice and peas along with steamed cabbage and they both were very tasty.  The plantains was sugar sweet.  My food was Extremely enjoyable.  After all of this, I ordered the conch fritters and they were cooked to perfection.  I raved so much to my waiter of how good the food was she had Chef Carl Lewis to personally pay me a visit at my table.  I expressed to him how Delicious my meal was and I told him directly I would be going on the web site to give his establihment a glowing review.  To who ever is reading this, if you are considering going to this restaurant please do not hesitate and by all means go ASAP you will not be disappointed!!!! Upon my next visit to Philly this restaurant will surely see me again.......Go to this Restaurant your taste buds will be Satisfied...Been wanting to try this place for a while now every since I saw the photos on yelp so I go in and order   That oxtail platter and a tilapia platter along with some plantains and a side of cornbread. I wanted to get that sweet potato cheesecake but I refuse to pay eight dollars for a slice of cheesecake. The large oxtail platter only had 5 oxtails. The tilapia platter was bland. I was pleasantly surprised by the mango salsa that was good along with the cornbread. Place looks nice and clean will go back.Nice atmosphere and friendly staff. Had a hard time deciding what to order! Ending up getting the Rasta Pasta with chicken. It was amazing! The portion is HUGE so you get your money's worth. Took about half home. Also ordered a slice of chocolate cake that I shared with my friend. And can't forget that it's BYOB so we made sure to bring a bottle of wine with us to top off our meal. Can't wait to come back!I went back and re read my review to try and comprehend why exactly the management felt compelled to point out that the chef is a native of Jamaica. I never implied that he/she was not. What I essentially said is that the food was not good, because...it wasn't...wherever the chef is from. Just because some one is a native of a country, does not mean that they can successfully cook the cuisine. Also, whatever shrimp you claim to use...what I received was NOT jumbo, I'm sorry but it was not. And as far as what causes the dark color on the plantains, yes, I am well aware that it is the sugar which COMES from the plantain being ripe. Whatever the case they were not ripe enough to cook and be served as sweet plantains, period. Not just "for me", just in general. They probably should have been used for tostones. Dear Management, please do not come on my yelp review and condescend to me and then wrap it up in a bow of an insincere apology, please and thanks.Get out to 48th St and visit this great addition to an up and coming neighborhood. The Caribbean cooking is tops.First time here and i must say i was blown away with service the inside of the restaurant  feels like your away on a private islands the feel is so  exuberating not only was the hospitality fantastic i felt like i was in a fancy resturant because the chef came out and introduce his self to us and asked how we liked our meal and experience i was at awww so thank you i diffinitly recommend this place you wont be disappointed the food is delicious  full of flavor and spicy thank you for that feel of ne home...Wow we had such an amazing experience here. We came as a group of 16 people from Association for Counselor Education and Supervision National Conference held in Philly. Everyone left talking about how good the food was. I fact some of us had to come back before we left Philly. Everything on the menu was Top Class. We had the Curry Goat, Rasta Pasta, Jerk chicken wings and Jerk Chicken, Sweet Chili Glazed Salmon with Sweet Yams, Brown Stew Chicken it was all amazing. We had to call the Chef out and tell him how good it was. Customer service was superb both times. You have to go there for yourself if you are in Philly. You will not regret it.I ended up here with my boyfriend and mom kind of randomly and without any expectations and this place blew us away. The food is SO. GOOD. It's a little pricey but definitely worth the splurge for really good food, and when you consider the portion size and that we all brought home hefty leftovers, it really isn't that expensive. Also, the cornbread. Dear god the cornbread. It's so good. And huge. Basically they give you a brick of delicious, sticky cornbread and you should do yourself a favor and get it.Chef Carl Lewis is perfectly rated as a 5 Star Chef. Chef Carl has developed a skill in Caribbean, International and Specialty Soul Foods that sets him above many others.
Consider the large bowl of a creamy Lobster and Shrimp Bisque hat comes out of the kitchen and delivered  to my waiting eyes to taste and enjoy..spoon after spoon after spoon. I followed with black mussels in an amusing sauce, and yes me be drinking it after eating them juicy plump thangs.
Plantains and conch fritters are to die for.....
Baba the Foodie ChefLove, love the island wings! I asked that they be made well done and they were cooked to perfection. Didn't like the quesadilla. You don't put American cheese in a quesadilla. I guess I should have known better than to order Mexican food from a Jamaican restaurant. Their rice is way overcooked and the jerk chicken is nothing to write home about. I will return, but only for the wings.I Have been here a few times in the past year to eat and the service and food was good. Went for dinner lastnight after raving about how nice the ambience and customer service is to have to eat my words. This review is strictly on customer service and nats flying all around while we attempted to eat...my bf killed....1, 2,.....5 while we were there before our food arrived. Yesss count 5....asked to be moved by a gentleman who served our beverages and his response was *yea i know they are everywhere and walked away*.....blank stare....excuse me....there was a ceiling fan overhead and was making it quite chilly so we asked our waitress Twanna can they turn it off....Twanna was very nice....she asked Di/De the boss guess it was a no because they never turned it off.....my food arrived and before i could take a bit more nats appeared....so I immediately asked for a takeout box....i was over the experience...bf dug into his meal but decided yea it was time settle check b4 1 landed in his playe....the biss was in eye view of us...never came out to apologize or make any accomadations...but was looking screwed faced like we were just being annoying. I dont know about other people but im not fighting all bugs...while cold inside a restaurant that I'm paying money for....idc how good food is....And it was tasty what i did eat...the Island wings....I won't be returning!!!!Everything was delicious, would definitely go back. We ordered the jerk chicken platter (dark meat), mac and cheese, the jerk chicken rasta pasta, and the salmon with shrimp, broccoli and mashed potatoes. I would also recommend the Ginger Beer and the island wings (loved the wings). They're also BYOB- wine and beer. Kudos to the waitress, very friendly, great customer service, as the Chef came out to greet us. :-)I really wanted to give this place a 5 star but I have to be honest about this. The food was service was very good but for one of my dishes, the clam pasta was drenched a thick layer of what looked like to be butter. I couldn't get myself to finish eating the plate because it looked so gross. The service was phenomenal, everyone kept checking up on us to make sure everything about the meal was alright.I ordered the jerk chicken with Mac and Cabbage. The Jerk chicken had a weird black pepper coating that made it inedible. The Macaroni and Cheese was off. Huge chunks off orange,unmelted cheese and flavorless noodles. And the cabbage was tasteless and need to cook longer,as it was hard to chew.I just wasn't impressed by the food or the inflated prices for a meal your could make 10x better at home. The only standout were the conch hush puppies, and they could've been meatier. And the homemade cake was decent,although the icing was slightly too sweet. Take a drive to the Broad/Olney area and hit up Steves Takeout. Fresher.Tastier.And made with Love.Very friendly staff and welcoming atmosphere, and great Caribbean food! Anything jerked or blackened is worth having. Since there aren't many (any?) Caribbean restaurants in west Philly, or Philly in general, this is a great addition to the restaurant scene. I would have given it five stars if they replaced the very standard looking (boring) french fries with something more innovative. Also, if they could the place a little more rustic, or cozy, or something. Presently, it looks, and feels, a little too much like a diner.It may have been a bad day... but I don't know. We were seated almost immediately which was good. The waitress came to take our drink orders and my God, I thought I had died and gone to NYC restaurant hell. $7 for a Pellegrino?!?! $6 for a glass of ginger beer?!?! Have you lost your mind?! I've haven't seen those prices even in NYC. 
The restaurant was well attended but not packed. It was getting more crowded as time went on though because the food took forever to come out. We were waiting about 40 minutes. Even a different waitress than ours asked what was up. At that point it was hard to enjoy  the meal fully because we were hangry.
The food tasted ok. Next time--if there is a next time-- I will bring my own Pellegrino and leave plenty of time for the kitchen to get their act together.I tried #48thStreetGrille again.  It is a Caribbean themed restaurant in the #UniversityCity area of #Philadelphia. I had garlic chicken with mashed potatoes and steamed vegetables. It was really well seasoned and flavorful. The mash was perfect and so was the veg. My only criticism is that the chicken didn't taste strong ofgarlic which I love but I was told that was just me. The first time that I ate there I had a Angus burger that was unimpressive and I'm sure was premade or boxed; during lunch. I wouldn't suggest going during lunch as the portions don't in any way match the cost and the taste doesn't make up for it. I would definitely suggest going during dinner.
#Food #Foodie #foodporn #EatWell # Philly #EatOut #YelpI'm happy to start off this new year with a full and happy belly, and that is thanks to the new and exciting 48th Street Grille!
We came and ordered a feast for 2 and a half: a fresh-squeezed lemonade, a ginger beer, 5 ct Island Wings, Spicy Conch Fritters, Blackened Tilapia, Braised Oxtail, and Cornbread. 
The drinks were very nice. The lemonade was well-balanced - not too sweet or tart. The ginger beer was definitely heavy on the ginger, but what else would you expect for a drink called "ginger beer?" It's definitely one if the stronger ginger beers I've had. 
Starting with the apps, the Island Wings were awesome. A little spicy, a little sweet, perfectly cooked and really well balanced. I mean - we could have totally gone for the 10 ct wings but we probably wouldn't have had enough room for dessert.... Wait. We still didn't have room for dessert.... The conch fritters were good. Imagine a little softer, slightly gooey-er hushpuppy with small pieces of conch floating in cheesiness. It also comes with a nice ranch dipping sauce. 
The blackened tilapia was really good. The fish was meaty, and the blackened goodness was well-complemented with the light and fresh mango salsa. And this entree was paired with green beans and (s)mashed potatoes. Really good sides. 
The oxtail was simply put, amazing. Fall-off-the-bone, tender, flavorful, and not too salty. I have had my share of Jamaican/Caribbean food up and I really can say this is my favorite Oxtail in Philly. It can easily be too hard, or too salty, or too dry - here, it wasn't any of those things. Plus, paired with rice and beans unlike any I've had in the city - this is hands down the best oxtail and rice and beans I've had. And the mixed veggies were delightful. I don't even think my wife can believe how happy I was to eat these veggies - so that definitely means we'll be coming back!!!
Ok. I have to devote its own paragraph for the cornbread. This was the cheapest thing that we ordered. $1.50 per piece. Personally, I'm a sucker for moist, sweet, cornbread with actual corn in it - and if you are too, this is where it's at! I'm talking eyes rolling back, take me home now, wow. I haven't had cornbread like this in a looooong time. And hopefully now that won't be an issue. 
Ummm. Seriously, stop reading this, and just come, and enjoy an amazing meal. Chef Carl Lewis will take great care of you and I am pretty certain you will leave as full and happy as we did tonight.I had been going to this establishment and had no problems. Other friends of mine stopped going due to the wait and mishaps with their food. Today, I called to order and pickup food since I know they usually have 30-45 minute waits depending on the day. I ordered 2 platters on the phone and when I went to pick it up 45 minutes later (to avoid going to sit and wait), they forgot to add the second platter to the order. The lady told me it would be a few minutes which ended up being 20 more minutes of waiting. When I looked at my phone it was exactly 7:16- an hour since I had called. I went to the front and the food was still not ready. The owner nor the lady I was dealing with did not offer a dessert or anything to compensate me for my time of waiting and their mishap...all they could say was "sorry". I will not be eating at this establishment anymore. I recommend going to Jamaican D's for a wealthy platter for $8.Genuinely the best food I've had in a LONG time. I'll be here every night for a while. My partner and I plan on trying everything on the menu. The head chef has come out every time we've come, in order to ask us about the food and how our days went. If I could give 6/5 stars I would. Excllent food, service, and establishment in general. The owner and his daughter are always around, and they brighten my day every time!This was a real treat. We started out with the mussels in garlic and they were perfectly prepared, with garlic cheese bread topped off and soak up the sauce, which we kept for the whole meal so we can continue to do it throughout.  Each of us had a well-prepared main course, ranging from salad two chicken jerk sandwich, and especially the very well seasoned pulled pork sandwich. The service was friendly, unimposing, and fast. It was a little odd that this BYOB only had one person in house with a bottle opener, but that added to its charm. The executive chef and owner, Carl Lewis, came out twice to see how things were going.   The bill for the three of us came to less than $50, plus tip. This restaurant is a new found treasure.Excellent food and service. I recommend sharing since the portions are generous. Great local business. Don't overlook the desserts either.Went for lunch with my grandmother this past Sunday and the food was Amazing! The chef came out to say hello and was very nice! Even sent out some island wings on the house! Will definitely go again!Awesome food and great service!!!
I ate the island wings which had a good spice but my favorite was their spicy shrimp and mac&cheese. Although my food was good, I was upset I didn't try their fried wings and waffles. My friend had that dish and he loved it and it looked great!! It's a family business and the manager stop by and ensured everyone was enjoying their food! That's is a testament to great service. I don't live in the area but I would definitely come back.Been here twice! Both times, food and service are excellent! 
I would recommend the island wings, chicken curry, jerk chicken, brown stewed chicken, plantain, collard green, browned tilapia and their fish specials. To be fair, those were all that we could try...and I would recommend them all! If I come here for dinner and really have to pick 2, it would be island wings and a fish dish...and then maybe bring home the chicken curry or jerk chicken for lunch tomorrow.So good, Get the brown stew chicken and jerk chicken!Excellent all around..food & service were superb! Grilled jerk pork chops were tender, juicy and cooked to perfection. Substituted cabbage for collard greens and very glad I did...they were also seasoned well. This is definitely a great addition to University City..I'll be adding it to my list of favorite placesCarl makes great food and the service is very attentive.  Great add to the neighborhood!Went there last night for dinner.  This place was awesome, all of the way around!
Island wings were amazing, mac and cheese bites, conch fritters...those were just the apps.  The wings were probably the best I've ever had!!
Blacked Salmon, Jerk Chicken, Curried Chicken, Corn Bread...this was an outstanding meal.
The waitstaff and owner could not be any nicer and eager to please.  
Can't wait to try Sunday brunch!!
We will definitely be back!!!I literally order from this place at least once a week! Everything is great here, especially the Rasta Pasta and the brown stewed chicken!My girlfriend has been telling me about this place so we decided to try it last night.  Sorry I waited so long.  We shared baby backs and tilapia and both were excellent.  Our server was very nice and very efficient and kept giving me more moist towelettes (I'm not really neat when it comes to eating ribs and these are delicious but gooey). All in all, a great meal in a really nice place.Great place to get some Caribbean American food. We ordered the jerk chicken and ox tail. We enjoyed both dishes. Food isn't overly seasoned and salty and was flavorful. The owner came by and asked us how everything was. Restaurant is comfy and clean. Will be returning!Great service and the food is awesome. The rasta pasta is a good choice.Incredible service, equally amazing food! We walked by and the place smelled delicious so we came in. They seated us right away and they were incredibly helpful with making menu suggestions. The jerk chicken sandwich was great and the beef stew and curried goat was delicious too. The chef even came out and asked us how our food was, to which we replied, "great!" The whole place has a great vibe and I will definitely be back. If you are in the neighborhood I highly recommend stopping in. You won't be disappointed.Not bad but perhaps my expectations were too high because I was craving something specific. I had jerk chicken while my husband had curry goat. We are from NY (and my husband is Caribbean American) so maybe that matters, but this certainly didn't taste authentic to us. The jerk was not spicy at all and tasted more like BBQ chicken. Tasty though. The curry goat was pretty good. My husband commented that while the steamed cabbage was tasty it reminded him more of southern food than West Indian food. And no plantain with the platter? No Esco fish??? I'm so sad. We are still on the hunt for a place that satisfies our cravings when we don't feel like cooking. 48th st is worth a try though.Definitely coming back. I absolutely love Caribbean food, and it's really funny that despite the plethora of Carib restaurants in Philly, after eating at 48th street grill, I felt like it was the first time that I've really experienced the cuisine. First, the ambiance is great- once you step in, the vibrant colors give a tropical feel without being too over the top or cliche. Second, the service was good- the hostess/waitress was super friendly, had a great smile, and was very attentive. Third, the food was delish. I ordered the jerk chicken and it came with rice and peas and vegetables. The jerk was spicy but not over powering and perfectly cooked. The rice was seasoned well and by vegetables, they meant veggies as in carrots, squash, and zucchini, not the cabbage you typically try a Caribbean spot. I got the small portion and it was the appropriate amount of food. I'm really happy that there's yet another great restaurant in West Philly. Can't wait to try out the rest of the menu.Awesome find! Not from the area but the pictures of the home style large portions was what we were looking for. The food was so flavorful and fresh. The collard greens had amazing flavor. The whole Bronzino fish I had was cooked to perfection and with delicious fresh steamed vegetables with a bit of spice and lots of fresh thyme making a aromatic broth to keep my fish moist. The corn bread we ordered as an extra side came out nicely sized and warm. The Mac and cheese was creamy with a nice bubbly crunchy cheese top. The breaded fried wings my boyfriend had were still juicy but nice and crispy. I will say the order did take some time which they state on the menu they take to 20-30 mins. I had no complaints once the amazing meal I had arrived hot and fresh to the table. Washing it all down with their quite spicy and refreshing homemade ginger beer. Wishing I lived closer I'd bring my own craft brew and spend a few hours there. They offer BYOB and I believe u saw signs about brunch. Keep up the great work. We left very satisfied happy customers.Lunch at 48th Street Grille was amazing! Chef Carl Lewis is obviously a master in the kitchen! Island Wings, Signature Turkey Burger with Pineapple Mango Relish, fresh Atlantic Salmon with Penne Pasta in Tomato Basil Cream Sauce, Bread Pudding...it was all some of the best food I've ever had in a restaurant! And the service was excellent. Highly recommended!Soooo glad my search is over for a delicious, friendly, professional and CLEAN spot for oxtails! I love everything about 48th Street Grille plus the fact that you can call ahead to place your order. Everyone is very nice and I ate every last drop of everything I got. I just wish it was closer but knowing how excellent the food and service are, I will gladly make the 25 minute trek!Delicious!!! I had the jerk chicken, rice and peas and the collard greens! They make their own lemonade and ginger beer!