What can I say?  I'm definitely a snacker who likes to try a bit of everything so this is the perfect place for me...well, in John locke's world.  The concept of small rolls is appealing but the execution was a bit lacking. The rice was pretty dry...not exactly ideal. However, I did like the fact that I got to try 5 rolls rather than just 2. The eagle, new wave, and southern comfort were creative and pretty good.  The salmon avocado was meh but the lobster roll actually contained fresh lobster meat and avocado in a soybean wrap. That was probably one of my favorites and it is relatively hard to find lobster rolls. Service is very slow so that was one of the detractors. A decent place for those of us who want to sample a variety of rolls.Well this was a pleasant surprise. A friend of mine got the Living Social Deal, so I joined her for dinner. Stick to the Chef's Special Rolls, and skip the half rolls or the other maki combo platters. We had the Fantancy Roll which was excellent. The Crazy Tuna, is crazy spicey, and what a treat. I was not a fan of the House Ginger Salad - nice presentation, but super small, and the ginger dressing was a bit on the tart side. Overall, I will return to this place. I love that it's BYO, and offer take out.We went here for the first time last week with a Groupon.  Once we were seated, which was pretty quick, we were asked if we had a coupon.  When I told the server that we did she sneakily grabbed us a the more expensive menu where all the rolls were the fancy ones, which I usually enjoy but I like to mix them up with some basic ones.  When I asked if they also had some basic rolls like california, tuna etc she said yes but they were not included with the coupon.  I found this to be very shady and left a bad taste with me.  We ordered a few rolls, salad, tea, shumai and desert.  The sushi was a bit soggy  and left us feeling ill afterward and the next day.  The service was descent, but after what they pulled and how we felt afterward, we likely will not return.  Oh, and they also automatically factored the tip into the check, which again was stingy on their part for just 2 people.  By giving us the more expensive menu, they basically doubled what we would normally spend going out for sushi.  
BEWARE!Came here because of a Living Social deal.  After reading some reviews, I was skeptical because it seems coupon holders were given a seperate menu from the norm, but it appears my friend and I got the regular menu (maybe because we came so late after buying the deal (was bought in February 2012)?)
First off, we came in and was seated, but because it was the summer, you figure they would have the AC on? Nope, it was Warm inside and did not turn on the air until maybe 20mins after seating, then they turned it off (trying to conserve energy? Seriously? Its the middle of summer!). Took a 5 minutes before we were asked what we'd like to drink, and that was even a challenge because a second waiter came to ask us what we like to drink and told him we already told the other guy, but still came back to clarify our drinks (it was water). I've waited on tables before and should they have a server system to determine who gets what table, considering its a small restaurant with 8 tables.
On to the food. My food was decent at best, nothing to rave about. We both had the Uni shot, which was good.  I had 2 rolls (Sunset Love and something else) . Good size proportions, but flavor was just passable, nothing to rave about, but better than some other restaurants.
Service. 1) My friend's water was not refilled until it was empty or until they came to take his plate. 2) The waiter did not check up on at all, except to remove plates.  Our bill came to be about $51 for two people, not bad at all, but the kicker came when I saw that they added the 18% gratuity. Seriously?!?!  Usually restaurants automatically add gratuity for 6+ people, but for 2?!  I've generally tipped 20%+ depending on the service, but I was really put off by it.
This isn't a bad place if you live nearby and wanted a decent sushi fix, but I would not be returning if I had a choice, given the service.Very nice, clean restaurant with a friendly staff. I ordered the royal roll and the spider roll and both were excellent. The tuna was so fresh and flavorfull. I also had ordered shumai shrimp for an appetizer, the shumai itself was great but it was the sauce that came along with it that really made the dish stand out. I liked the sauce a lot it was very unique tasting.
All and all I had a wonderful experience for my first time dining at 5n2 Tokyo. I will definetely be back again and I highly recommend it.GROUPON HOLDERS BEWARE! So, a friend of mine had a groupon, so we returned for dinner. Apparently, they have a downsized "special" menu for groupon holders, and do not honor the 30% for the special chef rolls on specific nights. When my friend inquired about ordering something from their regular menu, the server said that it would have to be on a separate check. Needless to say, it was not a good dining experience. It was also unseasonably warm that day, and we had to request that the AC was turned on since it was a like an oven in that place. Given that they are serving raw food, that was a bit alarming. I am over this place. Back to Fat Salmon I go!The reason for my visit to 5 n 2 Tokyo was because of a groupon I had purchased.  I use groupons as a way to get out and about and experience new food and places while on a college budget.   So me and my boyfriend go here on a Saturday night, with our required  reservation.  The place itself is small but cute and cozy.. but I give this place one star because never have I experienced a restaurant where they were so rude to their groupon guests.  We had made a reservation and arrived on time, but it took at least 10 minutes to even get a glass of water, even though there was only one other table in the place when we arrived.  
Usually when all food items aren't available to groupon-ers they mark it on the groupon, saying not available for Chef's specialties or whatnot... low and behold not a single word about that on the groupon but on the menu about half of it was "unavailable for groupon".....  Alright, so no I can't get my favorite sushi rolls because they're they were unavailable to us and that ticked me off but I had a chance to try something new.  We ordered some specialty rolls.  They were alright, I've had better, I've had worse.
No waiter ever came to refill my empty water, no one asked how anything was.  The small resturant did get busy by the time we had finished our meal but I mean its not difficult to just drop a check off.  Now, I myself am a server in a restaurant.  I know that 15% should be minimum, 18% for a good job and 20% for a great job is usually how I guage my tips. When we finally get our check you could only imagine my surprise when an added 18% gratuity is already on there!  No where on our groupon or on the menu does it say this will be added, and our server outright just didn't deserve that kind of tip!!  I was livid, I probably embarrassed my boyfriend, but I asked the server why that gratuity was added for a table of two!  Apparently it was for all groupon holders, but again just give us a warning so I can at least demand better service and not leave thirsty an unsatisfied.
Never will I be returning here, and I just don't think it is worth even going with a groupon.Went on a Friday night in Feb because I heard the sushi was comparable to Mixx and inexpensive, plus we had a coupon.  The sushi was mediocre, but the service was awful and I will not return or rec. this restaurant to others.  1. We waited over an hour for five maki rolls.  The place was busy, but not insane.  Perhaps our waitress could have stopped by the table to apologize for the long wait?  The tables next to us were just as annoyed and one couple up and left.   2.  The waitress propped open the entrance door in FEB -- I literally had to put my knit hat and jacket on.  The other diners looked just as confused.  3. The sushi itself was mostly rice (I suppose this is how they keep their prices down?) We never received the salad we ordered.  4. We had a coupon for $5.00 off a $25.00 order.  After waiting over an hour for our food they would not honor the coupon because the coupon did not say, "Dine-In" -- but it also did not say, "Take-Out".  The waitress took the coupon to the Sushi Chef (owner?) who refused to give us $5,00 off, even after we argued and were clearly unhappy with the entire experience.   We paid the bill and took the $5,00 out of the tip we were going to leave. Avoid this restaurant at all costs.This sushi restaurant lives on an interesting stretch between Gaskill and South where only Philly Java Company and Lickety Split have seemed to survive the constant storefront turnover.  When I first went by this place I thought, oh another sushi joint.  After going here a dozen times, I'm happy it joined the neighborhood. 
Every time we go in I'm greeted with a smile and asked if I have a coupon (I really need to find these).  My favorite nights to go are Monday and Tuesday since you get 20% of rolls, that are already cheap.  I like their eel avocado, Spider, and Eagle rolls, most are standard affair.  I've also had their noodle soups (the name is eluding me).  They are perfectly sized and tasty.
It's not the best sushi in the city but they are quick, tasty, and inexpensive.  I hope this spot sticks around.Salad was fresh and delicious... Writing this as my friend and I wait for our Maki combo: 4 rolls and a special roll for only $12! 
The Royal roll was sooo good, I will be revisiting here for sure!!I'm a huge fan of this place. It's tastefully decorated and the staff members are oh so friendly. In addition to the already stellar prices, the place is a BYO.
I don't remember the name of the combo, but you get 3 regular rolls, 1 special roll, and a soup for around $13. You won't find a better deal. The regular rolls are pretty standard, so naturally, you should get the yellowtail scallion, eel avocado, and the Boston roll. For the special roll, I suggest the eagle or the rainbow roll. 
My only suggestion to the sushi chef: pack the rolls tighter. I hate dipping a roll into soy sauce, only to have it fall apart.I want to give it a four stars but I just can't. After three visits, I had tried most of their rolls, a few appetizers and a lunch combo. The sushi were not that great, they fell apart. The price is a bit high for their food. Non-sushi dishes are very Chinese-like (well, all the staffs seem to be Chinese too). 
Just can't recommend it to my close friends. It's okay restaurant.DO NOT GO THERE!!! The food was okay, but the service was awful!
We went the place for lunch around 1pm and we are the only customer at all time.
We told them we have a $15 for $30 groupon when we walked in and the waitress (owner?) said we can use it but only in selected items and not value appetizers. We ordered 2 rolls, 1 grilled squid, and a miso soup. The food was okay, but most of their rolls are spicy, which can't really taste the fish and know if it's fresh or not.
After we ask for bill, 18% tip is already included in the bill and that was just a lunch for 2 people. While we were having our food, the server never came to refill our drinks and greet us. The service was not as good as the tip they asked for. Thus, we call the server and ask them about the 18% gratuity. They said it was the policy for groupon user so we go online and check. We didn't find any words about 18% tip but the notice for remember to tip for the service. So we went to the counter and told them that we would like to tip by ourselves. The waitress(owner) insisted we had to pay 18% and 20% is usual. After a short conversation, she suddenly became mad and spoke to us loudly "It's not about if you are Chinese, American, Asian or whatever, every groupon user has to tip us 18%." Seriously!? We were shocked that she mentioned the race issue! We feel offended. Finally, she gave us a awkward lesson regarding the tipping rule in US which we already knew and she was not correct obviously. This made us extremely unhappy so we didn't tip them any penny for sure. It was a terrible experience and I would never ever go to this restaurant again!!!GROUPON BEWARE!
First  some background history with the place. 
I first was lured to this place back on valentines day 2012. the gf loves sushi, so i got the groupon, and decided to go that evening. i  called and made a reservation. When we showed up at the specific time, we were shown to the crappiest seat in the house. it was right in front of the bathroom and the kitchen door. so not only would i get hit by the staff going into and out of the kitchen, but i wouldi have the pleasure of  hearing everyone flush the toilet and smell their urine before finding their seat. I refused to sit here and asked why couldnt we sit at the set  empty table in the middle  of the restaurant; they said it was "reserved." i guess they meant it was reserved for someone NOT  using groupon. I immediately told them that I was not sitting at the crap table, and that I wanted a better table. they said one wouldn't be available for another 20 min. I laughed, and walked out the restaurant to take my money elsewhere and to cancel my groupon for a refund. if it were not for my gf who was about to start the waterworks (crying), i would have never gone back after the 20 min. 
When we returned we were sitting at a better table by the wall, a vast improvement than before. we ordered mainly the $4/5/6, rolls to get as much sushi value for our groupon, and tbh, they were all tasty rollys, but the negative experience just trying to get seated, left a bitter taste in the patron's mouth as you can imagine, that and the waitress being very rude. A minimum tip was left due bad customer satisfaction, an we were on our way.
Flash forward 2 months I have no idea, but somehow i ended up buying another groupon from them weeks laters. i guess it was bc the sushi was tasty, and we got a lot of rolls for the money. i expected having yet another difficult time with groupon seating, but we had no difficulty getting a decent seat, but ALAS! there was a catch to the groupon! they had a special menu for groupon users to use, which meant we couldnt not use the reg menu, and only this "groupon" menu. The rolls were more expensive, and the choices were of course limited.  We got less sushi than before, but the sushi was still tasty sushi; although the pad thai dish we ordered was salty and nasty. my fault for ordering thai in a japanese establishment.
Now every time I see a groupon deal for sushi on the website, it most likely is this place and I am still tempted to purchase it. Then i remember that I cant use the reg menu, and then i read all the negative comments from previous groupon users with even worse experiences than mine and i change my mind. 5 n 2 tokyo can bait me with all the groupon deals they want, but i am done with the place.
Always yelp a place before buying the groupon to avoid these groupon pitfalls.They had a special: 1 special roll and 4 regular rolls for $12ish.
The sushi was not that special and the rice was hard and dry.
The Chicken Yakitori was really tiny and chewy in a bad way.
The Tokyo fried chicken was just fried chicken with some powder on it.
The light gave my boyfriend and me a headache!
I think I'm going to have to try this place again considering how great the reviews and come of the pictures look but last night, this place was not so good. Maybe it was because it was a Monday and a holiday.Don't know how the service is as we ordered delivery, but the food is delicious.  We ordered the standard California rolls, along with white tuna, eel, and spicy shrimp.  The spicy shrimp was the most expensive of those, but by far the best. 
For $2.50 for 4 pieces of the "normal" rolls, you can't go wrong.PROS:  Excellent BYOB sushi and sashimi.  Well made and of good quality.  Few places match 5n2's quality and affordability.  There were even some rolls I've never heard of before and I forget their names, but darnit, I'd remember going back!  I probably had too much wine and forgot what I liked.  Oh well!
CONS:  Seating seemed a little too public.  Not much privacy.I love sushi. I've had great sushi, good, mediocre, and bad/real bad. This was the absolute worst experience and meal. 
I ordered and it took over an hour to arrive. 15 minutes past the promised arrival time. But whatever, I can let that pass.
The delivery guy rode his bike. No problem there .. I've had bike deliveries and never had a problem. But when I opened the bag - the container of sushi was opened and everything was beginning to spill out. The sushi also wasn't tightly rolled so it broke apart the moment you tried to pick up.
The rolls had barely as fish on them. Really some had the smallest amount I have ever seen. The wasabi looked recently frozen and it was the smallest portion. The ginger was buried under the sushi. The soy sauce had to have been mostly water. When you dipped the sushi in .. it didn't even change color - it just looked wet and smelled weird. I opted for my own.
I ordered a Spicy Kani salad. My favorite side!!  But ... I couldn't even eat it. It looked like there was frost on it. It had the same look, feel, and texture as 2 Day old leftover spaghetti in the fridge. Nothing fresh or appetizing about it. The bottom of the Kani salad was absolutely plain white. No crab, no cucumber, nothing.
I feel like I wasted $30 dollars. A can of soda, Spicy Kani salad, Eagle Roll, Alaskan roll, and Rainbow Roll. Barely edible. What a bummer.
I'm sorry but I never complain. Never leave negative reviews, but I had to! 
Please read these reviews before thinking of ordering from 5n2!Looks like I am the first one to give this place only two stars. Some of the sushi was fine, and some of it was bad, but it would be hard for me to call this place good. 
Tuna avocado roll was bland. Their spicy sauce just tasted kind of bad, so I didn't enjoy the spicy salmon roll either. I was excited to try the India (banana and yellowtail), but unfortunately the banana made it very sweet so it was actually kind of disgusting. 
The silk and spice roll and the under control roll were both just fine. The mackerel ginger roll (mackarel, ginger, and scallion) was something new for me, and I enjoyed it. 
And it's true, we got there at 12:30 on a Sunday afternoon, but the restaurant didn't open till 12:36.
On the bright side, our waitress was very friendly and helpful with avoiding gluten. She told me all the eel was marinated in soy sauce. And she even modified some of the sushi so I could eat it, subbing sauces, and telling them to put in raw fish instead of flouring and frying it. No one has ever done anything like that for me before at a sushi place!
Still, I didn't like the sushi and I will try to never go here again.The shrimp pad thai here is the best in the city, and I've been around.  Also recommend the tofu yakatori, but not the shitake mushroom, unless you like that earthy taste.. 
I like that they price their sushi rolls on smaller quantities so that you can mix and match your selection.
I work right around the corner, so I eat here often which is great because everything else on South Street is so expensive. Always really friendly people, and they work fast. Ive always ordered for pickup, so I dont know much about the dining in atmosphere, but it seems pretty cool inside, dark, quiet, just how i like it. But prepare to be confused when you open the door and have a big curtain right in your face, lolI really like this place. The giant tuna replica on the front of the place had always drawn my attention. I can't vouch for the sashimi, (I always just do maki) but I loved all of the maki rolls I tried (at least 5). Especially the EAGLE roll. yeeah (crunchy spicy tuna, topped with salmon and more tuna)...craziness! For the cost of it...it is remarkably good. I have been, returned, and shall return again....and again some more. The people are friendly and personable, it's typically pretty laid back and cozy(good set up, not bright, or noisy), and the rolls are fun, creative, well put together and tasty! I'm happy about 5 N 2The special here is 5 "rolls" + soup or salad for $13. Each "roll" is 4 pieces, so 5 of their rolls approximate 3 normal-sized rolls. I guess it comes out to a fair amount of sushi for not too much money, though there may be better sushi deals to be had in the city. 
The sushi itself was decent. It wasn't the freshest most delicious fish ever, but that could have been because I picked some of the fish I don't see as often on menus: mackerel, red snapper, and white tuna. It felt like there were tiny bones (scales? sharp skin?) in the mackerel and the copious pickled ginger it was wrapped with was way overpowering. I haven't had enough raw red snapper to be able to tell if it was the fish or me, but I didn't particularly like it. And the white tuna was fine, but it was most likely escolar and not albacore. The alaska roll was all right, and the special 'eagle roll' was great (salmon and tuna sashimi wrapped around a spicy tuna roll). Their spicy rolls seem pretty solid, with a nice heat to them. Overall, the sushi here is passable. 
However, it took quite a while to get the sushi (/water/the check/our credit cards back), because it appeared that there were only 2 people working in the entire restaurant. Also, there is a bemusing pair of pants pinned to the wall by the entrance. I'm not sure if that's a positive or a negative. Make of that what you will.I was on south street and I had a taste for good sushi (not a cheesesteak or pizza, I know, weird). Anyway, I went on my trusty yelp app and found this place. 
Walked in, nice and clean, clutter free, what a sushi place should be.
The waiter came right to me to to offer service. I ordered for takeout. The prices are pretty reasonable, I ordered three rolls at about $2.50 each. 
 The sushi rolls were really really good.  I plan on going back to check out some other things on the menu. I am sure I won't be disappointed.As people who've tried nearly every sushi place within center city we were pretty excited to try this new place.  We ordered (for delivery) two of the Maki Combos, which resulted in us trying 7 different regular maki rolls (including white tuna, mackerel, red snapper, tuna, salmon, eel) and 2 special rolls.  
One star is entirely for the innovative way they do their rolls and specials (4 pieces per 'roll'), resulting in the opportunity to have a wider variety of sushi for the same price as other locations.   Were the sushi good, that would be awesome.  The other star is because . . . I don't know.  One star just seemed cruel.  And we're willing to concede that delivery is a different beast than dine-in, although it shouldn't be. 
Here's the deal: The rice is dry and hard, the proportions wrong, the construction sloppy, and the fish . . . oh dear, the fish.  Not good.  It was tacky, warm, fishy, and poorly sliced.  The only roll that ended up being entirely edible was the cucumber avocado roll; the others ranged from disappointing to kind of disgusting.  Even our 3 yr old--who will eat anything and can nearly out-eat my wife when it comes to sushi--turned up her nose after a few bites.
Moral of the story:  You're really better off at any number of other places (of which there most certainly is not a shortage in Center City), except Wasabi House, which ties with 5 n 2 for most disappointing delivery experience.My boyfriend and I passed by this place the other night, checked Yelp for the reviews, and decided to stop in with a couple of other people.
Service was awesome. The server immediately took our bottle of white and brought it out corked and in a bucket. She explained the specials, and we ordered the live scallop sashimi. It came to us in a beautiful, artistic display that included a few pieces of nigiri as well. Fresh, delicious, rice cooked perfectly.
Later on a group of 8 loud dudes came rolling in like it was a frat party, and proceeded to be all HEY GUYS LET'S GET SOME SUSHI AND TALK LOUDLY ABOUT EVERYTHING. Our server brought a screen to put between us and the noise, without us even saying a word.
Sadly, I can only give this place three stars, because while the service was truly excellent, the food (aside from the live scallop) was not so much. Someone ordered the sashimi platter, and half of the fish on the plate was really fishy tasting. The rolls were good, but either full of cooked ingredients or so spicy there was no taste of fish at all.
The restaurant itself smelled a bit fishy too. No one got sick or anything, so I'm not adverse to going back and seeing if they were just having an off night, but overall my experience was kind of a disappointment.Why stand on a corner waiting in line for Jim's when you can head over to 5n2 - just steps away! The place is small, but the decor is nice and welcoming. Wait staff is fantastic and treat customers like family. Stephanie is cute and witty, and will provide great recommendations upon request. 
We went with a large party and had a reservation. As soon as we got there, our table was ready, set with 3 bowls of perfectly salted edamame. I ordered the uni (sea urchin), which was beautifully served in a cucumber bowl. Meant to be eaten in one bite, the flavor was great and you could tell it was fresh. I also ordered a shrimp tempura roll (pretty standard) as well as the naruto roll (not on the menu). The naruto roll was refreshing and looked amazing. Other hits from around the table were the Southern Comfort roll, 5n2 Tuna, and New Wave roll. We also shared a sampling of the yakitori, also a delight.
The restaurant staff encouraged our group to sit around and chat even after the restaurant's closing time, serving us the best green tea I've had in a while. And don't forget - this is a BYO. Be sure to bring some sake - they heat it up for you!Excellent Ramen with roast pork for $9, best I've had since LA Ca. You can tell the broth is made of Bonita flakes, not chicken broth, it's legit!My work is really close to 5 n 2 Tokyo, so I got to stumble upon this place.
Interior is on the smaller side, but nonetheless cute.
The first time I dined here, I ordered a miso soup ($2.50), spicy tuna roll ($2.50!!), and a spicy shrimp roll ($5.50).  Everything was great until I noticed that my spicy shrimp roll had no shrimp in it.  I asked the server what the supposed roll was and he confirmed that it was indeed the spicy shrimp roll.  I thought to myself, 'seriously...?'  
Because I'm not one to complain and be rude about messed up orders, I waited for a little while before saying something.  I then nicely pointed out to the server that there clearly wasn't any spicy shrimp in the spicy shrimp roll.  The server was surprisingly patient with me and switched my spicy no-shrimp roll to a spicy shrimp roll.  Mind you, I wanted to eat the rest of the spicy no-shrimp roll, but he switched it for me before I could.  In any case, spicy shrimp roll was pretty average.
Sushi here isn't the best and the portions are not minimal, but for the price, it fulfills my sushi fix when I'm at work.This is a great new sushi place, and I'm so glad that I found it!  Their prices are super reasonable, their fish is very fresh, and they're BYOB-- what more can you want?  It's a really great date spot-- it's much better decorated inside than you might expect from the street, and it's usually very quiet.  The server there is super nice, and always happy to make a suggestion if you need one.  Their "Amazing" roll and spicy tuna roll are both great, as is their seaweed salad and gyoza, if you want something other than sushi.  Bonus points for bringing my boyfriend and I a free dessert last night-- fried banana atop green tea ice cream is a great way to finish the meal!I've come here a number of times. Brick walled, nice artwork on the walls, menu items have been good. This last time, last night, we went with a Groupon. There were upwards of 50% of the menu items BANNED from being purchased with coupon. What?!  Is that legal with their Groupon contract? it seems dishonest to promote a coupon, but when consumer arrives to redeem, the best menu items (including basic sushi/sashimi orders) are unavailed. 
I attempted discussion with waitstaff, as did the table next to us, but the reply was heavily accented and we complied, feeling that complaining would be selfish given the deal we were getting. Regardless, it seems shifty, and falsely advertising your wares with a backhanded switcharoo.
I will contact Groupon regarding this.My experience at 5 n 2 Tokyo was exceptional.  Loved the cozy, intimate ambiance, and very pleasant service, too.  The sushi here is very fresh, with many really creative items and some uncommon things, too.  That's a big plus because although I find it interesting to try things I've not seen on a menu before.  (I mean, whoever saw a triangle-shaped roll?!) Another plus here is the 4-piece "regular" rolls for $2.50 and the inexpensive Yakitori Bar list.  You can really order a variety of items without going broke or getting too full (although full on great sushi is hardly a bad thing.)  We ordered in 2 rounds, starting with delicious dumpling-like Wasabi Shumai.  Soft, extremely flavorful, with a kick of wasabi in the middle.  The red snapper scallion and eel avocado regular rolls were what you'd expect, with perfectly sticky sushi rice.  The first round paired nicely with Lagunitas Lucky 13.  Next course included the Garden roll with several greens I was unfamiliar with, but it was a delicious combination (I love greens).  I also liked the delicate tempura of the Hawaiian roll, and we saved the banana-laden India roll for 'dessert.'  Really enjoyed that one; it was a perfect finish!  Will definitely have to return to try some of the many other items here.a comfortable little place.
byob.
friendly people.
scallion pancake, excellent.
shrimp shumai, excelllent.
takoyaki, excellent.
shrimp tempura, excellent.
grilled asparagus, tough.
the chef signature roll, "amazing" which i had was amazing.
WATCH OUT MORIMOTO!
can't beat the pricing. inexpensive. 
now, if we can just keep the crowds away.
my cutie and i will be back to try everything.+ Good sushi
+ Good food that is not just sushi (The menu is quite extensive)
+ Fresh fish (yesterday I had fresh Uni aka sea urchin that was delivered on that day)
+ Trendy ambiance and soft instrumental music in the background
+ BYOB
+ Reasonable prices
+ Great service with a smile
- Once this place blows up it will be hard to get seats (but its the same with many sushi/Japanese restaurants
Definitely coming back.I've probably eaten at 5n2 20 times.  I think it's a great go-to, middle-of-the-road+, dependable sushi joint.  The service has always been great; I have some specifics that I request and they always take care of me and remember me with a smile when I come in.  I have also ordered delivery and received accurate orders in record time.  Unfortunately, however, I have been unable to get through over the phone, so I fear that 5n2 is no more.  I plan to investigate further ASAP.Located on South and 4th street, 5n2 Tokyo is a small Japanese restaurant which can be easily missed if don't pay attention, however, its food is something you do not want to miss. 
The sushi here is wonderfully made with fresh ingredient. Each dish is decorated with care, making you feel like you are dining in a 5 star hotel. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. I was recommended the sushi called New Wave and it was one of the best sushi I've had in my entire life. 
One of the best thing about this restaurant is BYOB. If you are an alcohol lover like me then you know it is such a treat. And not to worry if you forgot to bring your wine or beer. You can always run to Spirit and Wine that is 3 blocks away. Since I didn't know the restaurant was BYOB, I went to the store to get sake. The staff warmed our sake and served them in sake bottles and cups. It was a great dining experience over all. Definitely coming back!I went here around 12:15pm on Sunday. It was still closed. The restaurant supposed to be open at 12pm.  Walked over to Philadelphia Java Company to get some hot cocoa while waiting on that cold Sunday morning. It was one of the best hot chocolate I've had. Waited for another 15 mins, then I saw the people that worked there came out from the restaurant and start setting a table outside. They just open.
Inside interior: small but cute.
Food: it was delicious. I ordered Chicken Yakitori $1.75, Takoyaki 6pcs $7, and 5n2 Tuna $11. Everything was delish. The hot green tea was free.
Music: I'm loving the music that played the whole time I was there.
Service: Attentive and friendly.
The atmosphere was just perfect for that cute little date with your special one.
They also served very few Thai food according to their menu. I'll be back to try on that next time.
Oh it was 10% off when I was there on Sunday noon.I've had really great experiences at 5 n 2 Tokyo.  What else is there that a poor student needs?  The food is affordable (cheap for some things on the menu) and it tastes great!  
I've ordered probably every large roll on the menu and none of them have disappointed me.  I've never ordered meals or bento boxes but I have tried sushi from all 3 pages.  The cheapest option is clearly the most simple sushi you can imagine, which is expected considering its literally 2.5 bucks for a roll.  The middle tier option has some gems, if you select carefully but they are about 4 dollars a roll.  The chef's special is a couple bucks more expensive than the  middle tier rolls but they are so worth it!  
I will probably say its one of the best sushi places I've had in Philadelphia.  The -1 star is that sometimes service is a little slow. But hey, I might change it someday!We recently went to 5 n 2 Tokyo to use an expiring on line voucher and I'm very happy we did. This decently-sized sushi restaurant is deceptively small and unassuming from the front, but with tall ceilings and a somewhat deep interior, its interior creates a comfortable and open space. 
I always try to judge the quality of sushi restaurants by two, more-or-less standard food items: their house salad (with a special focus on their dressing) and one of their "crunchy-spicy" thingamabob rolls. 5 n 2 Tokyo's salad was absolutely delish(!), and its ginger-heavy dressing seemed homemade. I could have drank a cup of that dressing had I been allowed to order it as a beverage. I even embarrassed my wife when I licked the plate in front of her, but nobody else saw and it was completely worth it. 
The crunchy-spicy thingamabob roll I ordered was the "Crazy Tuna" roll. A bit spicy on its own, I didn't feel that it even needed any wasabi and it was one of the higher quality pieces of sushi I've had in Philly. It consisted of crunchy spicy tuna packed tight in sushi rice, with "pepper tuna" on top. The pepper tuna appeared to be a slab of fresh fish (yellow tail?) pressed into a red pepper/sesame seed mixture.  It complemented the rest of the roll quite well. It was pricey at $11, but after finishing all 8 pieces of it I was definitely full. 
Also, although I'm not usually a big fan of California Rolls (I usually find them way too boring and bland) 5 n 2's Cali Roll (ordered by the wifey) was probably the best I've had. I think it might be a combination of the fact that the avocado tasted fresh and the sushi rice was tightly rolled around the whole package.  Regardless, I was impressed with its construction as well as the ingredients' apparent high quality and it was something I would consider ordering again if I went back.
Overall I really enjoyed my visit to 5 n 2 Tokyo and would highly recommend that others try it as well. Finally, parking on 4th costs money (we even saw a PPA vulture arguing with a poor, ticketed driver), so to save try and find a spot around the corner on Lombard.i would give 3.5 stars for this place.  i would give it 4 but there r little things that just took away the taste of the sushi.
so overall my experience was good.  the only things my friend n i didn't like about it was (1) too much sauce ie: spicy mayo or oyster sauce (2) soy sauce is too salty (3) wasabi's too strong
so all these things combined... it really took away from the sushi... we sampled quite a few rolls there including the fantancy, amazing, montauk, spider... im really not a big fan of drenching my food in sauce esp for sushi.. cause im not there to eat sauce u know? n of course, with the simple white tune or spicy salmon.. i dipped an edge into the soy sauce.. n that alone, over powered the fish.. 
yea just very little things.. but we could tell the ingredients were fresh n presentation wasn't sloppy either, service was wonderful, so we wouldn't mind revisiting because the price is pretty awesome.  again its BYOB so i would love to just bring my own party n have a chill night with friends with sushi on the side.
this place has potential n creativity.  love it that its so down to earth.Overall, not bad. The $2.5 rolls are nice, but since they only give you 4 pieces, the real roll cost is $5. I still felt it was a reasonable deal though. The sushi tasted good and the size of them wasn't small (although not exactly large either). The restaurant is a little on the small side.
Food Quality/Taste = 4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Service = 4 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 4 Stari don't know if my expectations for sushi in this city have just fallen so low or if i'm suffering from major sushi withdrawal, but i actually thought the fish here was pretty decent!
i came a couple weeks ago using a groupon, and was greeted by excellent customer service irregardless. 
the cooked appetizers were really good: 
ika rings: grilled squid - SO much better than calamari
takoyaki: fried octopus - a little too fried for my taste, but any takoyaki is better than none
agedashi tofu: always my go-to appetizer, cuz let's face it.. who can make tofu wrong?!
as for the fish, we chose to get rolls instead of nigiri/sashimi. if you know me at all, you know this is VERY uncharacteristic of me. but when sharing food, it's much easier this way. 
the world series roll (soft shell crab with eel and tuna on the outside) was just ok -- i'm really not the best judge because i don't like soft shell crab. the fantasy roll was much better (yellowtail with salmon and spicy tuna on the outside) -- the fish was decently fresh and i would say the quality of the raw fish is actually better than most sushi joints i've been to in this city.
the food here seems kind of hit or miss, depending on what you like, so order carefully. i don't wanna make a generalization without having tried it, but if the nigiri/sashimi is as fresh in quality as the fish used in the fantasy roll, then you'll probably find me back here again someday.We also went before a concert thanks to Groupon; otherwise we never would have gone.  I read some of the other reviews about a 'seperate menu' for groupon users, so being sneaky I didn't break it out until the end. :)
I found the sushi chef and waitress to be very very attentive and friendly; offering to custom make or make substitutions on any of their menu items.
We tried every roll with fruit; subbing some fishes for others.  And they were all amazing.  Something in the kiwi topped roll and the strawberry roll had a bit of an off taste to me; I think maybe the flavoring in the rice.  But still good.  The roll topped with strawberries and the coconut sauce was amazing.  And the india roll; with a tempura banana was ridiculously huge and amazingly yummy.
I'm not sure If I would seek this out as a place to go in the future, but it was not a disappointing experience.I really love sushi. Really love it. In all its many forms, it's one of my favorite foods - up there with pizza and cheeseburgers. I moan like a walrus when I eat it, and I'm pretty much always happy it, even in those rare instances when it came from an Acme or Genuardi's.
Call them "sushi feelings," those blissfully indescribable feelings that go along with eating sushi; I had none of those sushi feelings this time around. The burnt shrimp tempura, the funky salmon flavor, the hollow (besides for rice) rainbow roll, the lack of any distinction whatsoever between the spicy tuna and spicy salmon... all of these things made me feel like I was eating something else, some food unworthy of the sacrosanct mantle of "sushi."
A pox on you, you purveyor of mediocrity!5 n 2 tokyo is the best Japanese restaurant I have been to! I love their sushi!! Their service is really great. I enjoy bringing friends over all the time!!The place is small and intimate and parking is typical South Street mania, but definitely worth the trip.
The appetizers were so-so but the rolls are the best in all of Philly!  Be sure to try the Montauk roll which had such a clean, fresh taste.  The Amazing roll did not disappoint; it was a perfect summer roll.  But the Crazy Tuna roll was our favorite; no words can describe.  You'll just have to go and try it yourself :)fresh sushi, quaint and romantic atmosphere, great service, very reasonable prices and it's BYOB! I don't know why they don't advertise as such.Don't know if we would have found this little spot by ourselves, but our friend had visited before & so introduced  us. Cute, casual & kid friendly spot--good for a quick bite of delicious sushi or delicate dumplings. Felt badly for the waiter who mixed up our order--he seemed genuinely perplexed. What this place lacks in systems & staff, they more than make up for it with beautifully presented, delicious dishes.Seriously awesome: sushi is so affordable so fresh...love this place...and BYOBContinuing to be a fan!  We went here on Sunday night on a whim and they had a great special- 5 rolls for $12.00.  You were able to choose any 4 of the maki rolls and 1 of the special rolls, plus it came with complimentary miso soup to share.  I also had the ginger salad, which was a little too heavy on the dressing for me, and the vegetable gyoza, which were a little too greasy for me.  My boyfriend had the seaweed salad, which was good (I don't really know how it is supposed to taste, so can't say whether it was exceptional or not).  
I especially like the spicy tuna and salmon rolls (the salmon is a little fattier, so the smoothness of it is more noticeable).chicken teriyaki - big portion, plenty of sauce.
salmon cucumber roll - delicious.
salmon avocado roll - good.
spider roll - good.
i didnt realize it was a byo, next time i'll bring vinoooDefinitely impressed by this place. Came here with a bunch of friends for dinner and we were well taken care of. The place is BYOB so we picked up our own bottle of Sake and their friendly staff heated it up perfectly for us. I highly recommend doing that. 
The pricing was a plus. There's some good value options on the menu. 
I recommend the Maki Combination (4 regular rolls and a specialty roll for $12). There's an abundance of chef signature rolls that I'm looking forward to trying in what I'm sure will be many return visits.Stopped in for some pre-show eats with a friend.  We ordered scallion pancakes and wings to start.  The scallion pancakes were so-so.   The wings were pretty tasty.  They had a delicious, crunchy coating and juicy on the inside.
Two rolls were ordered, the India (crispy yellowtail, banana, spicy sauce) and the Crazy Tuna (crunchy spicy tuna, avocado, pepper tuna).  It was the first time I've ever had a roll with banana before and it turned out to be great.
It is also a BYO so we were able to wash our meal down with a nice 6 pack of Brew Free or Die IPA!After signing a lease and putting a deposit down on my new apartment in the area, I decided it was appropriate to celebrate with sushi from my new neighborhood. I had seen ads in the Metro for 5n2 Tokyo and am glad it sprang to mind on my trek back home.
This cute little BYO has a cozy feel with seating for only a handful and was practically empty when I stopped in around 5:30 on a weeknight. Their special posted outside was for 4 rolls, 1 special roll, and soup or a salad which without question was my order for the evening. What's nice about the 5n2 menu is that similarly to Yakitori Boy they offer in half roll portions. This menu style is especially great for indecisive folk such as myself in that a meal of two rolls is now more like a smattering of four!
My dinner was a takeout order so I can't really attest to the presentation, but everything delivered to the occupied tables looked beautiful. My take-home dinner was nice and fresh [my eagle roll was great], awesome quality for the price, and quite possibly my new neighborhood go-to for a quick weeknight dinner.Finally came to this little spot with a groupon deal with my girlfriend on a Friday night. Obviously reservation was not needed as there was only one table of customers; last time had to leave because didn't make reservation even though there were many emptied tables; guess those were all reserved at the same time?
Services was really fast as we were only the second table of customers in the restaurant. The waiter didn't give us the special menu for groupon holder maybe that was almost the end of it? The sushi presentation and skill needed more practices as there were not enough rice in the sushi wraps, also got a pc of cucumber sushi (it's that consider to be sushi? few slices of cucumber on top of sushi rice?) 
The portion was not enough to fill up for a full stomach. But the bill wow us at the end , 18% gratuities included in the bill for two people, why is tipping mandatory charged on the bill? We paid that 18% and got confused when we saw the second receipt with the tips line on it. What? what was that gratuities we just paid? isn't that tips already? so we paid a few bucks more. We left the restaurant with an half filled stomach for an overly tipped meal!!
Choose the take-out options if you can to avoid that pricy tips at the end.It sounds like I will be repeating what many have written before about the treatment of Groupon purchasers.  I got the Groupon because I was excited to try a new sushi restaurant.  The Groupon does not clearly state that a reservation is necessary - only that it is redeemable Sunday-Thursday.  I went on Thursday evening, and there were at least 5-6 open tables.  They asked if I was using a Groupon and if I had a reservation.  I told them yes and no.  They refused to even seat me unless I agreed to pay full price and not use the Groupon.  I left, and walked down the street to Big Eyes Sushi Bar (which was very good sushi).  
Basically, this restaurant appears to only have signed up for the Groupon deal as advertising and doesn't seem to want to honor the purchases.  Even with plenty of open tables, they wanted to reserve their space for customers paying full price, rather than using Groupons.  Maybe they aren't clear on what Groupon can do for a business?  If the experience had been good, I would have come back and continued to spend money in the restaurant, but now I will never return and am leaving a bad yelp review.  Worth it?  I hope so.Was very impressed with this place.  Rolls with unique ingredients, all very tasty.  Good service.  Would go back.Groupon was my reason for coming here, and it didn't steer me wrong.  I am from Jersey, but go to school in Philly and have been really dissapointed by the sushi in this city.  I did find some good rolls here though.  Specifically the rolls with mango and strawberry were very good.  Their plain $3-6 rolls were only okay though.  Really small and nothing special.  Next to Fat Salmon, this was very surprisingly my 2nd favorite sushi restaurant in Philly... But nothing compared to NY and NJ.
Also, service was really slow and the guy working didn't really know what he was doing.  Sushi was made really fast though.5N2 is an interesting little spot. Hidden off South Street, I'm impressed that they seemed to have a pretty full place despite the lack of huge signage. It seems that many there had the same groupon we had, which is always interesting. If there aren't many people going in bc they want to be there, but bc they found a good deal...just makes you wonder. 
I digress. The restaurant is definitely clean, and the service was fine. The groupon limits the menu you can order from, so we didn't get to try everything. But that which we tried wasn't super spectacular. The edamame was really salty. Excessively salted doesn't even begin to explain it! Scallion pancakes were pretty well made, but pretty small. I ordered the super v combo roll, I think. It was the role with a spring roll in it along with many thee vegis. It wasn't super appetizing, nor was it terrible. The rolls were really large and filled. And they had way too much in them. I wasn't impressed. 
Service is okay. Food is hit or miss. Overall, nothing spectacular. Better sushi places in Philly for sure!!It's not Akira, but it will do. Great place for lunch, the specials are for lunch are pretty decent.  Stick with water because the refills on the soft drinks are not free.I'm not usually a fan of South St businesses, but I had a great lunch here. Nice decor, professional service, and good food. Slightly pricey for the location though.### ATTENTION GROUPON USERS - If you are looking at this because you are thinking about buying the Groupon, you should know that about half of the menu is off limits to Groupon users.  You can basically only get the more expensive $11-$14 rolls, not the basic spicy tuna, california etc... rolls that are usually $4-5.  So, even though you are getting a coupon, you wind up spending more just because all you can get are the more expensive rolls.
With that being said, its a really nice spot with decent sushi.  But you will feel really misled if you go in there with out knowing this.Terrible customer service, over an hour and 15 minute wait for our food, and to top it off: the worst sushi I ever tasted! This dump was not worth the groupon ... AVOID AT ALL COSTS!For the price, 5 N 2 Tokyo is a great spot! The food was fresh and tasty and some of the best sushi I've had in Philadelphia. The portions match the price and I really would love to become a regular. It is an amazing accomplishment for a restaurant to be able to accomplish such great taste at such a low cost! 
Bottom line. Good Stuff!Found this place because I was on South St. and was looking for sushi. We looked it up and saw some good reviews so we gave it a try. When you first walk into the restaurant, it is hard to tell if this going to be a good experience. It is safe to say that it is a great experience. Service is friendly, fish is fresh, and the atmosphere is nice. Best of all it is cheap for sushi. I don't want to mislead anyone into believing that this is Morimoto grade  sushi, but its great if you just want to have a cheap, delicious sushi fix. Definitely will be back. Oh yeah, its also a byob! Worse thing that can happen is that you end up having cheap decent sushi and you go home.I wonder if I was here on an off night.  I've heard good things, but when I visited, everything was lacking.
Slow service, slow kitchen, forgettable food.  Squid was pretty rubbery and plainly seasoned with teriyaki and black pepper.
The Dynamite roll was pretty delicious, but it should be at a price like $12.
I wouldn't visit again.Had a Groupon to this place. Walked in, were asked if we had a Groupon. When we said yes, were offered only the "specials" menu, no regular menus with standard rolls. The fish quality was rather low (chewy and flavorless) and even the "special" rolls not tasty. The chef at this place must have a sweet tooth, as several of the dishes were overwhelmed with sweet sauce that killed all other flavors. Utterly disappointing. Place should go out of business.After receiving some information about this restaurant from my other go-to, Thrillist, my boyfriend and a friend of ours decided to go here.  
We called about 2 hours before going, and were told that we did not need a reservation.  However, when we arrived, we were asked to wait so that the hostess could call a large party to see if they could come later (because of us).  I guess they were fine with it, because we ate!  Buuut if I were that other party I would have been a little confused.
Anyway, besides that small mix-up, I loved our meal and the staff.  We ordered a bunch of different appetizers, soup, rolls, and sashimi to share.  My favorite things were the seaweed salad, and the spicy salmon roll.  I'm sure the spicy tuna roll is great as well, considering it's the same ingredients except the change of fish.  The yellow tail sashimi was delicious, and I usually don't even like sashimi.  
Highly recommend this new joint!  Remember to BYOB.There are plenty of roll options. Sushi was fresh and tasty.  It is BYOB, so you may need to go to the adult beverage place on your way here. 
Place is small so a reservation is recommended.I've walked by this place tons of times but never took notice -- it's small & unassuming.  I finally ordered take out from here and I'm regretting that it took me so long.  Their sushi is delicious!
The regular maki rolls are only 4 pieces for about $2.50 but it's awesome bc then you can try tons of different kinds.  Their spicy salmon was better than your regular.  Usually they just glob some spicy sauce on the roll but theirs is nicely packed and mixed.  I wished we ordered more!!
We tried the lobster roll, amazing roll, crazy tuna, & fantancy roll -- all were amazingly good.  Each of them had a unique pizzazz about them -- a dash of sweetness, hotness, or just overall goodness.  I really can't choose a fav't.  They also were all bursting with flavor but not a giant mess of sauce & fillers like some other places usually do with their special rolls.  Can't wait to come back =)Here is an awesome place for shushi.  The chefs did a fantastic job on shushis and other japanese foods. The price for the food were relatively inexpensive compare to other Japanese cuisine.
EX: The uni shot, special Naruto roll and Hirami were the great "art" I tried that night! I will recommend everyone to try this restaurant in Philly, Next time when you are happen to be in the area around south street, give it a try and you might also like it too!I went here last Sunday and fell in love! Charming, small interior for intimate lunch (with my roommate) and delicious food. I recommend the tofu vegetable soup. My roomie had the avocado salad and the dressing it came with was interesting and tasty. The price is right for college students and so close to South St that we took a stroll after eating. I highly recommend.My favorite sushi in Philly! I went to 5n2 for the first time using a Groupon and have gone back several times since then. The sushi is really affordable ($2.50 for 4 pieces of "regular rolls" and $5.50 for "special rolls". I usually order the Smoked Salmon with Scallion roll and the Spider roll, which are both absolutely delicious and I'm full just having two rolls and a salad to start. I like their House Ginger Salad, Scallion Pancakes and the Eagle Roll is amazing too! For the price (and just in general), I think it's the best in town! I made the mistake of going to Raw last night and had an ok meal for literally 3-4 times the cost of 5n2. I will definitely be staying loyal to 5n2 from now on!It is often hard to find good affordable sushi.  My husband and I stumbled into 5 and 2 on a whim and were pleasantly surprise.  This is easily the best sushi deal in town.  For $12.95 a person (the deal running until June) you get 4 regular rolls, 1 specialty roll and a bowl of miso soup.  We added a seaweed salad and a few additional pieces of sushi.  We left full and happy with a bill under $40.  5 and 2 is my new go to sushi place.We went here last week with a livingsocial voucher. The waitress was really nice, and the atmosphere is great. We had a nice table. 
I wanted to prove all the other reviewers wrong and have a great meal, but it wasn't a great meal. We ordered the scallion pancake and ginger salad first - both were good - not outstanding. 
We ordered 3 rolls, and all were made with the same rice (of course), but it was too hard and we both had a bit of bloat afterwards. Additionally, the rolls were falling apart, although pretty, and - one of the caviars was overly smoky/turning - it overpowered the flavor of the fish. 
The fish was fresh and the prices are very reasonable. But, rice is key to sushi - and maki - chefs spend years learning to make it, and this one needs a few more years.
I wouldn't go again.Very good consistently. Never disappointed. Love the freshness and BYOB.
Excellent ratio food quality and price.I love sushi. Could eat it for days on end. I'm not particularly adventurous when it comes to raw fish, but I stick to the essentials, which is more than some people can say. I love salmon, tuna, yellowtail and all accompanying items for said rolls. Salmoncado maki are like crack to me. I don't need anything fancy, but I will tell you I need my sushi to be fresh. I don't know how fresh the fish was at 5 n 2 Tokyo.
The restaurant was cute inside, not to mention pretty busy for a Wednesday night. My boyfriend and I ordered the scallion pancakes, the maki special (5 4-piece rolls for $12, plus soup or salad) and a special roll called "Fantancy" (typo or a fancy fantasy? You tell me). 
The sauce on the special rolls were just okay. The fish was almost warm, which I sort of ignored at the time but shouldn't have.  The first thing my boyfriend said was when we got back on our bikes after we left was "my mouth tastes like fish." (That's what she said!) The sushi we had was fine, but there was definitely a flavor that shouldn't have stayed on our tongues for that long. "You get what you pay for," I said. After our $20 Groupon, the bill was only $10. "Let's hope not," Zack replied.
After dinner at the movie theatre, my tummy rumbled a few times but there was no food poisoning, thank goodness. The highlight of the meal was both the service and the scallion pancake, which remained perfectly light despite being deep fried. Probably the best I've had in the city, which is weird as scallion pancakes are traditionally a Chinese snack.
Groupon or no Groupon, we will not be returning.The worst restaurant I have been in Philadelphia. They discriminate Groupon customers and have the worst customer service. They gave us a different menu when they knew we had bought a groupon. They said that one of the fine-print regulations was a limited menu (e.g., no sashimi, no some type of sushi rolls). I asked them to show where and I show my groupon, there was no such regulation. They said that it was the owner's instructions and that is it. "If we did not want that, we should go to other place." They made us pay for the "extra items" not included in the groupon menu.
Then, we got a piece of PAPER in one of the sushi rolls. A small paper with words typed on it! When we showed them the paper, they said it was ginger. I told them I was going to report the restaurant because they were trying to dismiss the facts after making up inexistent groupon regulations. After that, they took the paper and denied our requests to give it back to us. They barely offered us not to charge us for the roll with the paper. Additionally, the fish was low quality.
I am reporting 5 N 2 to the Better Business Bureau as one of the police officers that went to the restaurant to check for the problem that we had suggested.
Sent from an e-tablet. Dismiss grammatical and orthographical errors.I've been trying different sushi places near my workplace (old city part of philly) and 5n2 has been a decent place to get my sushi fix.  For the economical type, they do have some great lunch sushi specials and a 5 roll + soup or salad dinner deal.  
I found this place after getting a massage from Massage Arts (you HAVE  to try this place out for massages....but I digress).  Went with our usual yellowtail, salmon, philly, and tried one of the special rolls.  Second time, tried more special rolls.  They were ok, a bit saucy but quality was good.  Third time, stuck to our basics and considering it was still a deal, we were very happy.  The miso soup is also pretty good.
misc: they have smaller portions but the prices are comparable (i.e. 4 piece rolls v. 6 piece rolls) which I prefer (you can try more out and still pay about the same price).  All in all, for the price, 5n2 will satisfy your sushi fix.This place is fine for those who don't know any better. For those who do, two words: Frozen food. If you're 21 and want to impress your date with your ability to use chopsticks while not breaking the bank, perfect. P.S. - they have a pair of pants stapled to the wall near the kitchen. Yes, stapled. No, I do not know why.been here twice now and i do not know why i gave it a second chance. same issue as the first time. THEY SKIMP ON THE FISH! no other place in the city puts cucumber in spicy tuna rolls. do not want it in there. get it out and give me more tuna. charge me more, i don't care if its a few bucks more (price was too low to start) at least then im not disappointed and hungry.