I love salted cheese with black tea from Happy Lemon.  Ordered the same for A La Mousse.   It came in a tall beer glass, top with a thick layer of milk foam.  For the few sips,  I got only the foams.  After a few sips, finally able to have the perfect sip with both in the mouth.  While it looks better in a tall beer glasses,  it is not the perfect glass for this tea.  The tea actually tasted really good and cost $3.  Will order it again.Really distinct selection for Chinatown, very friendly service, and downright delicious desserts. The matcha mousse cake with matcha ice cream was excellent, and went great with their coffee. I also got to try the tiramisu, which was wonderful. My crew was looking for bubble tea (which A La Mousse does have), and found so much more. I'll definitely be back.We ordered the Harvest, Lava cake and foam milk tea and they were delicious! Hot foam milk tea smells nice but the ice foam milk tea is also fantastic! 
Must try their lava cake, they make it fresh. 
Services was great too! Strongly recommend if you were near by.Everything here is AMAZING! Best dessert place in Philadelphia hands down!!! I love how the desserts are not too sweet just right. If you haven't been you must go.I ordered lava cake with butterscotch ice cream. It was very tasty and cheap compared to other places!
I  absolutely recommend it!I'm a fan. This little place is just a few blocks from work and it's always a nice quick stop for a bite and a coffee after a particularly strenuous day. I love the chocolate mouse in whatever they make with it and their coffee is pretty good. 3.5 stars, rounded up.Great dessert. I love the matcha mille crepe.  Also very fair price. Would definitely come again!What a jewel box of a cafe. Charming, spotless, the most beautiful desserts. I had the matcha panna cotta and savored every bite. Not to be missed!I recently went back to A La Mousse on my birthday 12/21/2016. I felt like the atmosphere of this cafe changed. It was definitely much more crowded with loud obnoxious people. The staff changed so I also felt as if the quality of service has slightly decreased maybe because I went on a day where the usual staff isn't there. Even despite of the service, the desserts were as scrumcious as ever.A cute and unique dessert spot! Unfortunately when I went (at 10pm) they had already run out of the crepe cake which is what I wanted to try. I tried a bit of the sizzling ice cream, tiramisu and cheesecake though and they were all pretty good. Definite points for presentation.First time here and I doubt I'll ever be back.  I came in thinking I could order the Panna Cotta to go, but they told me it was dine in only; I get it, it had a ball of ice cream to go with it, but it could've been put into a container and I would've still ate it in the car or something.
I was a bit disappointed but decided to give this place a chance and selected their Strawberry Mousse Cake.  Lady said it was $7 something so I gave her my credit card...and that's when I found out I can't pay with a card unless it's over $10.  Welp, all I had was $100 or the card, she made the exception to take the card.
Got home and was super disappointed.  The sponge cake part was super dry; not even a glass of milk was able to help it out.
I don't think I'll be making an effort to go back.One of my favorite spots ever in philly. Their desserts are amazing, especially for any matcha lover. They have the best matcha lattes in proximity of Penn's campus for sure. 
The matcha mousse cake is probably my favorite, followed by the matcha tiramisu. You'd save a lot by taking your dessert to go, although the tea-ramisu can't be taken to go. Definitely stop by!!A La Mousse has a very trendy rustic/modern/clean feel. I've been here several times and have not been disappointed by their dessert. I would highly recommend the triple chocolate mousse. 
This is a pretty nice spot to do some work. I wish they had a few more outlets for people to plug in their laptops for work. 
I'm not a huge fan of their $5 credit card limit but it is Chinatown. I would probably frequent this place way more often if there were outlets and no $5 limit.I this bakery is like no other. They have really you need to start and are very creative with their menu. Everything is good, you can't go wrong here. Service is good, definitely a place to visit if you've ever been to Philadelphia. Definitely more of a casual atmosphere. The decor is very cool.Yum! Cute little place for some after dinner dessert. There are so many desserts to choose from. We enjoyed a Lychee Panna Cotta and a Triple Chocolate.A La Mousse has pretty much become my go-to dessert spot. Let's start with the staff--I have never been greeted more warmly than I have been here. Since it's become an almost weekly stop for me, the staff seem very happy to see me; kind of like meeting with family around the holidays. 
A La Mousse provides the best of grab and go, as well as dine in. I've come more accustomed to dining in just to experience their "dine in" versions of their desserts. The presentation comes second to none, plus the addition of a little ice cream doesn't hurt, either. 
I have never had a below excellence experience here, as I often struggle with what to choose to purchase because everything is so delicious. A La Mousse's milk foam rose black tea with boba has changed my life. 
Give this place a shot. You will surely not be disappointed. And lest we forget, their wooden table tops provide a great base for awesome Instagram shots!This place is soooo worth it! Especially if you love matcha or the taste of green tea. 
We came on a late night and it was still packed. I can see there being a long wait but we were lucky and got seats. Service was also very quick. Unfortunately they had run out of the matcha layer crepe cake already, though, vanilla was really good.
I got a coconut matcha latte and it was great. The matcha wasn't overpowering, nor was the coconut, and it wasn't too sweet (if you're looking for a Starbucks Frappuccino level sweetness, this might not work for you). The crepe layer cake though!!! I've never had anything like it. Again, it wasn't too sweet but it was deliciously moist with the texture you'd expect-- each bite consists of very thin layers of crepe separated by light creamy goodness between. 
Definitely coming back...even though I live in the DC area!This used to be my go-to cafe joint to study or get some good coffee as I am a student nearby. The atmosphere is great, they don't have too many plugs though to study or work on the computer. 
I dropped by yesterday and I've noticed there was a change in a lot of the staff or possibly the management.  I had asked the difference between some drinks and the new staff really didn't take the time to explain the drinks thorough for me. In the past, the staff was the reason why I chose to come to this cafe instead of others in chinatown as they were very genuine and remembered me as a regular customer. Though I have no problems with the store itself, I feel it doesn't have that extra care to customers anymore beyond someone who buys their products.literally a must when going to chinatown now. the service is phenomenal and the quality of their food is great. portions are a bit small for the price, but the quality of the desserts are really good. I have tried the sizzling ice cream, green tea-r-amisu and the harvest. I also tried their mango fruit tea and not one thing has disappointed me yet.Milk foam Rose Black Tea is awesome! Ice Coffee with cream and sugar was too sweet but still good. Mango milk shake was very good, too. I will definitely come back next time when I visit Philly again.Very unique place, creative food ideas and it gives it a colorful look. Very interesting as well. Sweet place.the desserts are good, but a little overpriced. tried the sizzling matcha brownie which was all right (and frankly over-hyped), but the lychee panna cotta was delicious.Overall a good bakery with really well plated desserts. From the desserts I've tried, I think the flavors could be a little richer personally. Will definitely stop by again though.Got the matcha sizzling brownie! It was really good, only complain is that the ice cream serving was small.Very happy to have found this great dessert spot! I tried the tofu cheesecake- delicious! My BF had the chocolate mousse cake and loved it. The menu had many interesting options and I am looking forward to going back to try the matcha cake and green tiramisu. The vibe was really friendly and it's a great place for friends to hang out or a casual date. 2 thumbs up!!What do you get after a hearty meal in Chinatown? MATCHA DESSERTS!
Whether you order to go or dine-in, A La Mousse offers up some great matcha desserts for your sweet tooth. They have an array of sweets from cheesecakes to parfaits, with hot/iced beverages to quench your thirst afterwards.
The cafe ambiance inside was fantastic. A couple of tables that seat four with a majority of high tables close to the windows really light up the area. I especially admired the giant wooden wall clock they had- my friend told me I should DIY one at home for myself. However, it's an overall small cafe so you may have trouble finding a seat.
My friend and I split the Matcha Cheesecake ($7.95) paired with ice cream. This was exactly what we wanted with its creamy texture and lovely presentation. Our White Mocha Matcha Lattes ($4.25) tasted as you would expect with the green tea flavor. However, it came out rather lukewarm for the both of us when we expected them to be piping hot.
I enjoyed our stay and only wished our matcha lattes were hotter. I wasn't too upset because the cheesecake made it all worthwhile. Next time I'm in town, I'll be sure to drop by again.This sweet little shop hangs out on 11th, just north of Arch Street. When you walk-in the decor is simple and inviting. It's modern and clean. You can pick up desserts or boba tea to go or can opt to stay in and be served. The desserts are cute and petite. Everything from tiramisu resembling a little potted plant to green tea mille crepes.
The green tea cake was light and airy, and the serving size was enough for two people. I'd say it's a bit too spongy for my taste though. The tiramisu was decent enough, but not particularly special other than the presentation. 
I keep it at 3 and not a 4 because of the service. It was very delayed before we had someone come over to take our order, and even more so to receive the order and our bill. I'd definitely give it another try, and might adjust my review. In this case it was nice place to escape a bit of the city and have something sweet.Amazing desserts! Love this place. We had the sizzling matcha brownie and it was delicious.AMAZING!!! Everytime I got to Chinatown I end up here for dessert. Their chocolate cakes are amazing, they also have exotic combos too! Amazing!The atmosphere is great and ideal for a friendly get together with your friends. The desserts are neatly plated and very cute. The ice tea comes in Mason jars for those who have a nice little hipster side to them. I had the Harvest dessert and I absolutely enjoyed every bit of it as well as how it was presented.It was loud and hot.  There were tables with people who had finished their food, but the wait staff let them stay when folks had no place to sit.Cakes were really decadent and delicious. A little expensive of a tiny cake, but worth it. Place can get busy and have limited seating, so definitely make sure you come at a less busier time. Wait staff were very friendly.My Best friend took me here and order the Matcha brownie with a scoop of ice cream on the top served with matcha sauce! The employee was super excited that this was my first time there that he made it special. He made a big production in pouring the sauce on to the ice cream that made it even better. Totally want to go back soon! PS: Parking isnt easy so you are better to park in a garage and just walk.Coming across this place randomly during a visit to Philly, I was super excited. I have the biggest sweet tooth, and I'm pretty open-minded to desserts. Most things sweet, I pretty much love. Having said that, I've been to Lady M and Spot Dessert. Lady M is the pioneer of the Mille crepe. Spot Dessert is probably the inspiration for a number of A La Mousse's desserts. I wish that A La Mousse's desserts were just as good as the originals, but they weren't anywhere close. 
Green Tea Mille- Like Lady M's green mille crepe cake, there are multiple layers of crepe, but the taste was not as sweet and soft. I would recommend trying it if you've never had a mille crepe cake before, but probably not if you've already tried Lady M's.  
Sizzling Matcha Brownie- The concept was good and probably fun to snap, but the actual taste of the brownie was not so great. The brownies I make from the box at home are sweeter and tastier. I would not recommend this for your tastes buds, but if you need something visually pleasing, by all means, get this dessert.
Check it out if you want to try something new, but don't expect it to be anywhere as good as the originals if you've already tried these desserts before.This is a really cute, hipster vibe dessert place with innovative treats. It's a perfect place to come with some friends and share desserts, think tapas style. The decor and ambiance give this place a chill coffee shop vibe and makes it a decent workspace as well. I had the lava cake and it was made to order (took about 20 minutes to arrive). The cake was really rich, almost overwhelmingly so, but the matcha ice cream it was served with really balanced it out. Definitely can't wait to go back and try more of the desserts and drinks on the extensive menu!I was very skeptical of ordering just sweets in a store because I have not had great experiences with them in the past. Usually they are over priced and not well made; most of the time they are stale. However, when I ordered dessert from here, I was more than pleasantly surprised. I got the pomegranate lemonade and the mango mousse cake and my friend got the green tea Mille crepe cake and the mini Harvest pot. It was so good. The mousse and crepe cake were creamy and smooth, as they should be. The lemonade was sweet and refreshing. No freezer burns or inconsistencies with the food. I left A la mousse a very satisfied customer. Ultimately, my experience changed my perspective towards dessert shops. I can't wait to come back!I found this place quite by accident, and I'm glad I did. Some of the drink menu items I wanted were not available yet, so I ordered from the bakery options which had amazing presentation. Mango lychee mousse was heavenly light and looked gorgeous too. The best thing I had though was the matcha panna cotta!!  So creamy and not too sweet because of that earthy matcha flavor. Wonderful service as well!This place is amazing! They have such creative, amazing desserts that all look incredible. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The sizzling matcha brownie comes with a warm green tea sauce poured over your choice of ice cream on a brownie on a sizzling pan. It's heavenly. 
The desserts to-go are also great. They have adorable cakes in the shape of LINE friends characters! If you're visiting Philly, A la mousse is a must go.Gave this place a try after some spicy hand drawn noodles and it hit the spot. If you love matcha you will love the matcha foam milk tea and the matcha cheesecake. Dine in and you will get an extra with your selected dessert, such as a scoop of mango ice cream with the triple chocolate mousse. Definitely give this place a try, it is well decorated, the staff is pleasant, and the dessert is delicious.Love the desserts here! Not overly sweet and nicely done. My daughter loves the matcha mousse cake! I took off one star for the coffee. Tastes kind of watered down.Kind of pricey for what you're paying for. The green tea crepe cakes were more on the bitter side, which is why I'm giving it a three star. It's a nice and cute cafe to chill, and there's a famously delicious dumpling soup restaurant nearby.Fell in love with this place immediately.  It is a must try, especially if you enjoy the flavor of Japanese green tea.
We came here with a group of nine, relatively late in the evening, for dessert on my birthday.  They accommodated us nicely, and even gave us table service which was an unexpected plus.
Everyone had something different, and everything was tasty, but my personal favorite was the Green Tea-r-amisu.  In addition to being adorably and aptly named, it was literally to die for.
I personally can't wait to come back here again.I had the triple chocolate mousse on my last visit and it was really good. I honestly couldn't finish all of it on my own.Loud, poor service, not really a place to sit down. The food was not too great. No one in our party really enjoyed their choice.Love this spot! They have really good tea, and they even do refills. The little glass tea pot and glass cups that it comes in is adorable. Would deff come here again.Great dessert place - so glad we found this place. We ordered 6 items from the menu, including Americano, 2 cold drinks and 3 desserts to share amongst 4 people. We were not disappointed. We had green tea lava cake, green tea waffles with ice cream, green teA brownies with ice cream. Everything was excellent! We are fans of matcha and all the desserts were perfectly made, not overly sweet. We will be back soon!The panna cotta and ice cream was a perfect dessert to split after a wonderful meal. Light, tasty, and soo good!Whoa, this place is a gem. I came here one night with a friend and I have been talking about it ever since. 
The matcha foam latte was dreamy. 
The green tea forest and the green tearamisu are unforgettable. They all have that perfect bliss point of sweetness and balance of fluffy and dense textures.
The service was sincerely kind and appreciated.
Atmospheric in a easy to chill, clean environment.
 It was all just right. I can't wait to go back and try more!I would rate the service at A La Mousse 6/5 if I could! The servers were SO amazing! On top of our every need, before we knew we needed it. Very customer-centric. 
The food was tasty, although a bit pricey. We tried two different slices of cake and both were delightful. The selection is interesting; many Asian style desserts and many French - and many combinations of both flavors and styles! 
The decor is modern and the restaurant is very clean. There isn't much seating, but I imagine it's not very busy at any given time. 
Worth a visit for dine in or takeout on your next visit to Chinatown!I went there with my family and it was the most unique dessert place in Philly. We got a few things but I really loved the a la mousse signature cake and the mango mousse cake. They were so good! Also, there was a drink that wasn't on the menu but you should order it if you they let you. It's like a lemonade mint tea with milk foam. Also, super good.Green tea everything!!! Love it! The desserts are soooooo good!Great little place for very good dessert and hanging out with friends. The only downside is the service. The people were not the friendliest and we felt very rushed, but it wasn't a huge deal.I do not like their dessert that much, it is kinda fake and everything is overpriced. The cashier was okay but they are always so busy. I don't get why so many people are crazy about this place. Philly has better dessert places. It is closed late: if you have nowhere to hang out at late night in Chinatown, here is a good location to check out.Great dessert place in philly! Super clean and friendly staff. Love their matcha latteAbsolutely in love with this cozy little tea and dessert shop! My favorites are the hot matcha milk foam tea and the matcha panna cotta. The stools could be a bit more comfy, but if they were they'd probably never get rid of me.Came here for the first time. The dessert was delicious! Forgot to take a picture before we ate it all up. Will return here again.European inspired desserts with a taste of Asia infused? Late night coffee and latte with good company? FINALLY! I don't need to walk to Center City for some good desserts! This is a perfect addition to Chinatown- time to venture out of the plethora of bubble tea places! 
There's FINALLY WI-FI! Better study spot now 
MUST HAVE: 
- Lychee Panna Cotta (my favorite; I can eat this all day if it didn't jeopardize my wallet!) A bit disappointed my second time around though. It was mushy and lost the firm texture. 
- Mille matcha crepe 
- MILK FOAM TEA! (Rose, Black, and Green) 
Good, worth a shot: 
- Green Tea-r-amisu 
- Tofu Cheesecake (light fluffy texture, not bad but can't taste the tofu)
Say no:
Tried green tea latte,  but not a fan. Watery. Bland. Expensive.
Not bad so far. A La Mousse is certainly on my radar but they haven't been consistent. I look forward to trying more products overtime as they improve their sweets and coffee- there's great potential (3.5)!aPeople must match-a lot here! This is a PRIME date spot. The play on matcha was due to their extensive use of the aforementioned amazing food product in many many ways.. including crepes, ice cream, cakes and of course, mousse. I had an espresso with my matcha cheesecake and was very pleased. Also, I usually don't like matcha, which makes this review even better for me! My only complaint was that the table service was a little slow, but with a busy cafe and a few servers, I guess it's expected. Overall, a very positive experience and I'm very happy I visited. Def recommend!!If you're matcha lover you need to check out this place. They have the best selection in city.  Matcha cheesecake and matcha crepes are delicious.So far we've had the Lychee Panna Cotta and the Harvest. Both were divine, really good. Getting to go is considerable cheaper than eating in. Very happy that these desserts are available in Chinatown now! Will definitely go in at least once a week to pick up some dessert.I tried the green harvest and it tasted smooth and creamy. It tastes a lot like a mouse brownie. Prices were expensive but comparable to the prices of these deserts in NYC.I had the green tea (matcha) crepe cake with green tea ice cream. The dessert was very good! Its a huge piece of cake. The coffee selection is great, too. Beside common coffee, they have some interesting variations. Looking forward to go back and try something else.This has been my favorite dessert cafe for the past year. Rose milk foam for life!!! The desserts are delicious, light and have cute designs. Ive only not liked something here twice and ive tried almost the entire menu at this point. The people are friendly and they switch up some desserts often. I would recommend this place :)So yummy and legit.  Love that they have lots of Gluten free options!A La Mousse is a very cute place to grab dessert, it's a cafe/dessert bar in the heart of Philly Chinatown. The shop is very similar to what we have in NY and the one here was well represented. The decor is modern and a comfortable place to sit, relax and enjoy your dessert. The place is trendy and the atmosphere is nice so it is really popular amongst the college kids, kids love this place since they offer sweets and girls really love this place since it's pretty and they offer stuff with sugar. lol 
The food:
Double Chocolate Cake- I thought this was really good, it was nice and chocolatey but it was shockingly not as sweet as I was expecting. When I first saw it, I automatically assumed it would be really sweet but I am glad it was not. It had a nice balance of chocolate flavor and sweetness, I am a fan. The best way to describe this, it was a chocolate mousse cake and a really good one at that. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=NT54NdFiqUh97wXUEAwxGw&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA
Bubble Milk Foam Black Tea- This was nice and refreshing, the tea had a good black tea flavor and the texture of tapioca was nice. It had the right amount of chew without being too soft. The flavor as a whole was good. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=C-wFhjX0zi4v7lRPXpCvzA&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA
Original Crepe Cake with Whyy Experience Ice cream from Bassetts. I thought the crepe was nice but a tad too soft for me and it was on the eggy side. The Whyy Experience ice cream was good, it was vanilla ice cream with chocolate covered pretzels swirled with butterscotch, it went well with the crepe. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Jf9LiAZIEjDfk43-7ob7qw&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlAHow adorable! This is a small cafe/dessert spot in Chinatown. Wasn't expecting to eat-in but they were so welcoming I almost felt it would be insulting not to stay. I went on a Wednesday night 12/2016 and it was cold outside and this place was pack. My doll face and I shared a Triple Chocolate Moose which was Dark, Milk and White with a side of Mango ice cream and also a pomegranate strawberry lemonade tea. Now while I really enjoyed the Moose and Tea..I could take a pint of that Mango ice cream :)
Can't wait to try some other desserts!I just ordered from them on uber eats..ordered matcha latte and omg was it delish..my first one ever and it was amazing..love the cakes from here definitely will order againI'm loving this place! Cozy and comfy place for desert! They have way above Chinatown pasty quality. Pastries are cute and delicious! Great taste, great presentation, great staff. The only downside is that it's a bit expensive, but totally worth it!I was so excited to stumble across this new bakery, conveniently located right around the corner from my three Chinatown favorites (Sakura, Nan Zhou, and Dim Sum Garden). Now this block practically has everything that I need! 
They specialize in a variety of mousses and they have numerous Matcha-flavored items, including mousse, tiramisu, and even brownies! They also offer panna cotta, fruit tarts, ice cream, and Illy coffee. Everything is made in-house and looks beautiful. I tried the green tea-ramisu, matcha mousse cake, and the harvest, which looks like a potted plant, even though it's really potted deliciousness. All were fresh, delicious, nicely textured, and not too sweet. They definitely know how to bake. 
The interior is modern and there is plenty of seating room. You can either eat in or take out (note that there is a price difference). The staff is so friendly and kind, and they are open late enough so you can grab dessert there after a having meal elsewhere. Apparently, their selections vary from week to week, so you can bet I will definitely have to be back to try more items.A la Mousse is a French/Japanese style bakery with lots of yummy dessert and drink options (a lot being green tea based). 
I've tried the green tea oreo cheesecake (which was not too sweet and not too heavy), as well as the sizzling brownie (green tea brownie with matcha sauce). The brownie was warm and gooey and so good with ice cream, but the whole thing is pretty heavy so you'll definitely want to share it with someone. 
Prices are a bit on the higher side, but they use good ingredients and their matcha comes from Japan. 
*Also got to meet the owner when I came with my mom yesterday, and he was really sweet and friendly and told us all about his restaurant and his time in Japan (my mom is Japanese and so was really excited to chat with him about that).Incredible variety of desserts! There's already a lot of types of bubble tea drinks and you can select the sweetness and bubbles. The milk foam teas are really good, you can stir in the milk foam and tea together and it's just fun to watch. There's SO many matcha/green tea flavored desserts, it's overwhelming in the best way. Also, it's cheap and the drinks come out so quickly. Love it :)
Note: there's minimum for credit cards (I think it was $5) and most drinks end up being just under if for $4, so you should bring cash or order more than one thing/combine with a friend.This place is a must try!!! The desserts are all scrumptious and they have a wide variety that can cater to most taste buds! They have great service as well since they sit you down and take the time to explain to you what the desserts are. They are very attentive and asks if everything is to your satisfaction which is very nice. 
Most of the desserts will probably need to be shared since they are relatively large (however there is always room for delicious deserts!)This is probably one of my favorite dessert places in philly! The cafe is modern and cute. The desserts are beautifully presented and there's a huge variety. They are made in house and have both an European (think French or Italian) and an Asian flair. My go to is always chocolate so I've gotten something chocolate related every time. They have fruit based/tiramisu/panna cotta/cheesecakes/lava cakes/sizzling ice creams, so something for any type of dessert craving! They also have a full coffee/tea bar to fit any type of caffeine need as well as matcha drinks which seem to be a huge fad right now. My most recent visit, I tried the chocolate peanut butter mousse/cake. It was amazing! I don't tend to like green tea but I want to go back and try some of the matcha items. I also want to try the milk foam beverages! Perfect place to stop by after you've had a meal in the area and are craving something sweet. Will be back soon!OMG!!! This is such a cute little dessert place with  mouth watering desserts... Their desserts are soo different and amazing!!! Must try!It's simple, if you're going to be in Chinatown, just at least stop by here and check out the desserts - they are really one of a kind and anything matcha they have is delicious. I've also had a chance to have their rose milk foam tea with tapioca balls, sweet, perfect amount of rose, and delicious. What is a must is their matcha green tea cheesecake. I actually ordered their matcha double cheesecake for a birthday party and it was a major hit! It was also beautifully decorated and very reasonably priced (especially for a cheesecake). The green tea flavor was not too intense so even those of our friends that may not be interested in green tea thought that it was pretty amazing.Friendly staff. Always good to have when trying to
Wind down. Fresh dessert and beverages kick
A$$!
Order: 
Triple mouse cake black white & dark chocolate layers.
 Mint lemonade with honey can't go wrong. 
Lyche mango mousse cake. S'mores cake jar. 
You will go to the bathroom so eat slow!!!This place serves up green tea flavor with a punch! I was in Philly for interviews and craving something sweet and I stumbled across A La Mousse. They specialize in green tea desserts and I was particularly drawn in by the green tea cheesecake and green tea mousse. I ended up getting the mousse since they were out of the cheesecake (next time!). The mousse was light and not too sweet with lots of green tea goodness. It's composed of a light white cake layered with silky green tea mousse. When you get to the end of the cake, it is pure mousse and it tastes heavenly. I got it with the green tea ice cream which was the perfect accompaniment. Next time I gotta try the cheesecake and an iced green tea drink!This is Chinatowns finest dessert place. The green tea-ramisu was creamy and delicious and almost disappeared by the time I took picture. The decaf expresso
Was strong. The matcha power milkshake is the new standard and not to be missed. YumA La Mousse specialized in matcha desserts This place looked super cute. Lovely decorations. The presentations of their desserts were super beautiful and photogenic too. The only thing is that the taste did not match the looks. I ordered the sizzling brownie with matcha ice cream. It came in a very hot bowl and matcha sauce. The brownie was very dry and I could not really taste matcha. A La Mousse is a pricey place so I would recommend coming on special occasions, like a date, or anniversary. Don't think I would come back though.Came here after dinner and was completely pleased with the service and selection of desserts. I ordered the triple chocolate mousse and lychee pana cotta, which tasted delicious. Will definitely come back again when I am in the area.Creative, delicious, modern and inviting, A la Mousse is definitely worthy of your time, and your sweet tooth. I've visited to order custom cakes (coffee mousse is incredible) or just to stop in for a treat and never been disappointed.Found ourselves here after dinner looking for something to end the night. WOW! What a find. I got the mango mousse cake and my s/o got the some matcha layer cake thingy. They both were so good! Anytime I'm in the area I'm for sure stopping here. I didn't realize until I looked them up on here that you can sit down and they take the desserts in the case and give them the ole razzle dazzle !I'm so glad this dessert cafe is open! I had already tried their other location on 11th street and was so thrilled to see they opened another one- if you're looking for prime insta-pics look no further! Their desserts are not only aesthetically pleasing but taste amazing! I ordered the coffee mousse and the texture and taste was spot on- Definitely looking forward to trying their other desserts options.We ordered a green tea mousse cake, and it was so delicious and light. It wasn't too sweet, and had a lot of flavor. It was a birthday party hit. The customer service was friendly and helpful.Absolutely loved this new location! The presentation of the food if you order sit-down was truly magical and the desserts were delicious. Make sure you try their teas. Would love if they adopted metal straws.Since moving from nyc I was on a hunt for the perfect iced green tea latte and this place deserves kudos!! Every time I tried their iced green tea latte it is absolutely delightful--not too sweet, has the right amount of matcha and just hits the spot. Can't rave about this place more. Def worth the try!They have the most beautiful and delicious pastries I've ever had . One thing I would reccomend is picking one of these  up for the one you love on Valentine's Day . At $7, pick up a couple  . I really hope this spot sticks around for a long run . I've tried the matcha espresso latte iced , the mango mousse (in the shape of a beautiful mango and covered  in white chocolate then painted with edible paint (I hope !) to look like an actual mango , the cookie and buttercream milkshake , and the chocolate flourless cake (which my boyfriend loved ) The space is beautiful , modern and clean and to top it all off, every barista I've met --is equally nice and patient and actually cares about their job . Clean restroom.  You will LOVE this little spot and can eat in at the little cafe or take it with you in beautiful little pastry boxes as a gift .What a beautiful new location! I was amazed by all the delicious looking treats. Their desserts have always been some of my fav. I liked the Macha Crepe cake and mango mouse. It is not too sweet  and you still taste the flavor of matcha.Perfect for late night espresso and dessert!! Little gem, stumbled upon after dinner - I'll will certainlg be backDelicious and adorable desserts!! The tea was SO good too. I did it for the gram but I'll be back soon!The best bakery I've been to in years! The service was amazing and the people are very friendly! And the pastries  are delicious!A bit pricey, but worth it for the taste and the wonderful customer service! I ordered two slices of cake as dessert after an anniversary dinner via UberEats, and the staff kindly added hearts for me (thank you!).
The black forest cake we ordered was light while still having a decadent, rich chocolate taste. The berry gel between the cake layers is tangy, and provided a sweet acidic contrast that really elevates the cake from a normal black forest cake! We loved every bite, and enjoyed the different textures in the slice.
The strawberry cream cheese cake was probably one of the best things I've tasted in my life--whipped strawberry cream cheese, with layers of fluffy sponge cake. It blew us away and we'll definitely order it again.Tried the brown bear - delicious and almost too cute to eat!  Not too sweet, lovely balance of flavors.  Clean and friendly!I am so glad they have a location in the Grad Hospital area now! I was surprised with a birthday cake from here and it was delectable. I had the 6" chocolate matcha cake, which was topped with strawberries and white chocolate. When you cut in, you see perfectly demarcated layers of chantilly cream, matcha chocolate, and dark chocolate cake. Each of the three layers were impeccably made, and they marry perfectly together in terms of flavor and texture -- the softness of the cream and matcha layer (similar to mousse in texture) blends well with the crumbliness and density of the dark chocolate layer, and the sweetness/flavor of the matcha complements the more subdued dark chocolate. This was pricy at $37 but I think it's worth it for a special occasion. It's a creative concept which was clearly composed with care. It's one of those cakes that is so delicious you feel bad eating it all at once. My only critique is that the matcha layer could be less sweet -- sometimes the sweetness overpowers the matcha flavor.
Ordering was easy as well according to my partner. He ordered in person at around noon and they texted him a picture of the cake when it was ready for pickup in the mid-afternoon. It was packaged beautifully in a light turquoise box with candles and a personalized message to boot.Lynn was AMAZING! I needed a small cake for a last minute occasion for dinner and called on the day of. I didn't think I would have any luck during a pandemic! But Lynn and the folks at A La Mousse hooked me up! The cake was so beautiful and delicious. She wrote down the exact words I wanted to wish my special someone a Congratulations! They even provided a nice candle and made the cake colorful and sparkly with fruit and a decorative golden ball that made the cake look regal and fit for a king!  needless  to say, he LOVED the cake and was super surprised! THANK YOU for helping me to celebrate this special occasion, Lynn! I will definitely be back for other events and highly recommend this bakery! Other bake shops don't take calls and are very rude. Lynn even messaged me a pic and updates! I can go on and on! Support A La Mousse! :)I definitely like my customized cake and they did a very good job. The cake itself was okay..Great pastries! I love how cute the pastries look. Lots of options, from fruit pastries to tarts and chocolate mousse cakes. I'd recommend thIs place.When Magpie closed, I was pretty devastated. In some ways, A La Mousse is the perfect candidate to take over the spot: their desserts are high-quality, beautiful, and aggressively cute (check out those bear cakes!), and the space is minimalist and clean.
A La Mousse is known for their crepe cakes. I know everyone talks about the matcha one, but the vanilla one, with its light whipped cream frosting, is my personal favorite. I also love their strawberry cream cake, and the last time I stopped in at the South Street location, I tried the chocolate hazelnut cake, which was close to perfect: intense but balanced chocolate and hazelnut flavors, a pleasantly crunchy praline bottom (so you know the cake is fresh), and not too sweet.
Cake slices are $6 and up, which is a little pricey, but if you start to think about all the work that goes into stacking layers of crepes and cream and the assembly of all those cakes, the prices start to make sense.
There is still a little hole in my heart that Magpie will always occupy, but the decadent yet addictively light cake selection of A La Mousse makes it a worthy successor.I used to frequent the Chinatown branch pretty frequently, but I am excited that this place is only a few minutes away from my place! The space is well-decorated, bright, has some limited seating. I got the vanilla crepe pretty quickly, which was delicious - but my tastebuds got a little saturated after several bites. It had a really nice presentation and is a great place to take a friend or a date after dinner. I'll definitely be back, but I might try to get something else instead of the vanilla crepe.Amazing spot! We picked up a few items to go and everything was amazing. The mango mousse has a crispy chocolate shell and light mango mousse inside. It's really refreshing. We also got the caramel chocolate, which was amazing and we devoured quickly. The girls at the counter was very helpful and friendly. Highly recommended.It was my first time trying milk foam tea and I definitely recommend it! I tried the hot rose oolong tea and it was a nice fragrant drink. The Green Tea-ra-misu dish in the photo looks like wasabi and curled slices of ham at first, but I promise it's a delicious light and creamy dessert balanced with some salted caramel ice cream on the side. A+ on presentation. It is a nice, clean and modern spot with bar top seating, tables for two for an intimate meal, or larger tables too. There are so many dessert and drink options, I will be sure to come back.We had the crepe cake, double chocolate cake and lattes. Both delicious.  The interior is clean and modern.  Perfect place for afternoon coffee and sweets.Stopped there on my daily run to grab a cup of coffee. The coffee shop was super cute( perfect for insta photos). The staff was very welcoming and were taking COVID 19 precautions! They actually have Venmo payments which eliminates the physical handlings of credit cards which I really appreciated!We ordered mousse cakes for the first time from this cafe and they were so delicious! The cakes were delivered in great condition and on time. We ordered Pink Love, Brown Bear, and Mango mousse cakes. All the cakes were so fresh. The cakes were layered with different flavor textures. The price is reasonable for the quality of the cakes and the effort that goes into making each one. We will definitely order again!I've been coming here for years everything is amazing here. I recently ordered my girlfriends birthday cake from here and it was amazing. I definitely recommend going here if you looking for amazing drinks and dessert.Every bit as good as it's predecessor.  The selection is ample and they offer some unique choices like the mango mouse. The staff are friendly and efficient and the location is kept clean and is air conditioned. In addition to desserts, they also offer a variety of teas and serve delicious coffee. A La Mousse is a very nice addition to this section is South Street.Great f***ing place to get your sweet on.  Oddly  neat and clean inside, too.  It was sort of the IKEA of Asian-French pastry shops.  Very nice wait staff.  Thanks ladies!stopped by once a couple years ago to the chinatown location  and was amazed at all the delicious matcha items they had so when my friends and i planned a trip to PA, i had to bring them to try a la mousse. this location was close to our airbnb so we decided to come to this one instead.
* the staff: super sweet employee working at the time we stopped in
* dining area: jan. 2020 there wasn't any indoor dining so the kind employee put together a table for my friends and i outside; she brought out some chairs from inside so we could enjoy our goodies (it was cold, but we didn't care)
* what i ordered:
- matcha latte w/ almond milk [$4.50/16 oz] - exactly how i like my matcha lattes, not sweet and not fake matcha tasting 
- mango crepe cake slice - this was heaven in every single bite; you can see all the thin layers stacked on one another and there is no lack of flavor in this one slice at all. 10/10 highly recommend
* summary: 10/10 highly recommend. i guarantee you will find something here that you will love. metered street parking available.One of the most amazing desserts I have EVER had. I got the brown bear cake and it was absolutely phenomenal. I ordered through Door Dash which is how I found this spot. It came on time and even the packaging was adorable!! I can't wait to actually go into the shop and try more items. Everything on the menu looked and sounded delicious, so I can't wait to try more things! Also, just from my small Favebook interactions with them, the staff seems super cool and friendly!!Came here on xmas day, the girls are cute and sweet to us. The matcha latte is smooth, rich, warm. The cake are super cute. We try the passion fruit crepe and xmas cake. Delicious!!!!! The price of matcha latte is 5.5 and cake range from 7-10.All the pastries were adorable! 
 I got the mango mousse, which had a painted white chocolate shell (very thin, which was nice since I generally don't like white chocolate), shortbread bottom, light mango mousse, and what tasted like a fresh mango filling. I'll definitely be going again!Got a cake for a friend's birthday here. I can't say enough good things about this place. I called the day of, and the cake had to have some specific limitations (gluten free, size, etc). They were very responsive and gave me all of my options, even called me back to double check on a preference for a decoration. It was ready on time and in a pretty box and bag. Everyone loved the cake, it was a chocolate mousse cake and I usually find chocolate mousse a little boring but I would get this cake again in a heartbeat, they just do such a stellar job. When I picked it up and saw all the other desserts I had to physically stop myself from ordering like 5 to just take home and eat, they are all unique and thoughtful and have such attention to detail. The cost for the quality of the cake and the level of service was super affordable too. Coming back on my birthday... and probably all my other friend's birthdays!Update! I got to sink my fangs into the matcha chocolate cake, thanks to my manager, who sent two pieces to my house in celebration of my ten year work anniversary. The cake is super rich; half a slice was more than enough to calm my sweet tooth this afternoon. I look forward to enjoying the other half, and can't wait to try more from this adorable café!WOW!! My husband and I were heading to our friends' place for dinner and we said we'd pick up dessert. We ordered a couple things from A La Mousse for pickup (via Grubhub) -- to be cute, I ordered the little pig, the bear, the tiramisu plant, and the pink heart. They're individual sized desserts (think like a cupcake), and between the four of us we'd each get a bite to try of each of them since the flavors were all so different.
Pickup was easy -- the Grubhub quote was 10-20 minutes and we were a little later than that but everything was ready when we got there. When we arrived at our friends' place, we put everything in the fridge because we thought keeping them chilled would be a good idea with the puddings, mousses, etc. inside. Later, we pulled them out to eat and they were all delicious. We started with the pig -- blueberry inside, not something pink/red like you might expect! -- and that was wonderful. The bear was divine -- there were little chocolate crunchies somewhere to add texture and it was delicious. I think the pink heart with the strawberry flavor was my favorite -- so smooth! We tried the tiramisu plant last and it was the espresso cakey thing that you'd expect but with a lovely layer of creamy pudding at the bottom. The little planter is not edible and makes a nice little succulent pot.
Overall REALLY happy to have tried this place! I am not a cake person so I'm really happy to see a place that isn't just regular cakes/cupcakes. I hope it sticks around, and we'll definitely be back to try other treats.Croissants were not good (hard vs. flaky) and mango lemonade was in fact a tea with a grassy taste. The menu for online ordering was not clear that it would be a tea and therefore left me disappointed.This place makes amazing custom cakes!  My partner and I decided to elope and A La Mousse was able to make our dream wedding cake in 3 days!  The cake was a vanilla cake with matcha cream - the cake itself was light and moist and the matcha cream had a nice flavor.  They also threw in some strawberries to balance out the bitterness of the matcha.  And the decorations were perfect!The new A La Mousse location is a light, bright, and welcoming space. I ran in just to grab a couple of desserts, but I could definitely see myself returning to enjoy a dessert and tea later. 
The dessert case still had plenty of choices in it late in the evening. I had the matcha, earl gray, raspberry cake and my husband got the chocolate caramel cake. Both were packaged up nicely for our trip home. They traveled well and tasted nice and fresh. The matcha earl gray cake was mild and not very sweet. I enjoyed it, but personally, I would have liked stronger earl grey and matcha flavors. The stand out was the chocolate caramel cake. It was not too sweet and the chocolate was nice and dark. It also had a pleasing contrast of textures from the chocolate glaze outside and soft cake, creamy mousse, caramel, and crispy chocolate pieces inside. The cake prices are the same as the original location, so it's a bit steep. Not sure about the tea one, but the chocolate one was worth it though. 
The main negative is the parking can be hard to find, but that is the same issue as with the Chinatown location. I'd recommend to take public transport if you can.This location honors the essence of the original location while giving way to its place in the neighborhood! I have been a huge A La Mousse fan for years, so it's nice to see them expanding. I love all the sweet treats and the drinks are always spot on. I prefer the matcha latte or iced vanilla latte, but I've rarely ever been let down  It's more important than ever to support small businesses, so if you're in the area, maybe stop here for your caffeine fix. Not to mention their hours are awesome!This place is a gem! My wife and I stopped in here to check out the new spot, and boy, we are glad we did! The cakes in the glass case all looked amazing! The inside of the place was super clean and the girls behind the counter were very nice and helpful. 
To drink, we got the mango lychee and the passion fruit peach tea 20oz beverages. They were reasonably prices at $4. They were what you'd expect for a fruit tea drink. 
The cake, which was a hazelnut chocolate cake was fantastic! Not overly sweet, it was quite decadent! Would get this over and over again, maybe even try it in they larger cake version sometime!
All in all a great little dessert place that should be checked out for sure!My friend and I popped in here after dinner Saturday and were hoping to sit down for a bite. They nicely let us know they weren't having anyone sit inside but there were tables outside. Too cold for that so we headed out to my friends office to have the desserts. 
I got two things. First was the Tiramisu in a pot. Very good, little dessert, mostly cream on the bottom and was very slightly defrosting, but understandable. Again, it was super tasty. But the second thing I got, a slice of the strawberry fresh cream cake, TOP 5 best cake slices I've had in my life. There, I said it. Every bite was perfect. From the cake, to the actually fresh strawberries, the not too sweet cream, it was just so balanced and soft and delicate. I ate half that night and then for breakfast I slowly ate the other half, living in every bite. Please do yourself a favor and try that cake if nothing else.New(er) dessert spot. First of all, be ready to have a hard time making a decision on what you want!! Lots of dessert options as well as drinks (tea, milk shakes, coffee). Service was friendly and quick. Each person in our group got something different.
I got the lychee pana cotta and it was great! Not too sweet and very refreshing on a hot day. I also got one if the lemonade ice teas which was SO good. 
Really the only downside to this place is seating availability. Even when COVID restrictions are lifted, there isn't a lot of room to sit. So if you stop in, just be prepared to maybe take your dessert to go.This quaint desert café, located in Graduate Hospital on South Street, offers up some decadent dessert options!
I've walked by here several times but finally decided to pop my head inside. I ordered the Double Chocolate for myself, because who doesn't love chocolate. For my husband, I got the Coffee Mousse. The Double Chocolate was packed in a beautiful little box, which should win an award of its own.  Both items were quite delicious, but we both agreed that the Double Chocolate was the winner. 
The prices are slightly higher than what I would expect and the Chocolate Mousse was a rather small piece. But for an occasional splurge and treat, definitely worth it.Never had a bad dessert here! There is no where in NY or NJ that I think has anything similar or as good.  I love the mango and the mike.  Also had strawberry shortcake recently and it was very good.  My fiancé has has most of their chocolate desserts and has loved them all! Must go in Philly!One of my favorite local cafe chains. This location has very limited seating, a few tables outside and one table inside. Their bathroom is unfortunately not available so that is one major flaw if you're visiting. Their selection of drinks and cakes are wonderful and they dedicate an entire menu to matcha alone. Highly recommend!The cake was the best cake I had ever taste. Even though it was a bit expensive, but it's very worth it. It is not too sweet, which Is why I always order their desserts and cakes for my friends and families. The employees, and the boss were so nice, clean, and sweet. I will always buy their dessert from here.This place is amazingggg. I love dessert and everything was so good. I've never had milk foam and this oolong tea was the best. I need to learn how to make the milk foam lol. The macaron was really good and the right amount of soft. The chocolate mousse was good. I do wish they had the mousse in a space where it'd be soft so I could eat right away. But it was good. I'd definitely come back here. Service was great too.The desserts are scrumptious and the tea delicious. Discovered the original location on 11th Street in Chinatown on a Christmas day when we wanted to get out and have something to eat/drink (had the matcha crepe) and really liked it, so was happy to see them replace Magpie (which was a huge loss). Everything I've tried has been great, but I especially like anything with lychee in it. Highly recommend trying.Cool little dessert cafe. 
Walked in and they limited the capacity. 
Mask on during the Covid times.
Outdoor seating is available.
We picked up 4 desserts. Some were better than others. Favorite was the Lychee Panna Cotta with strawberry.I came here to satisfy my sweet tooth and it didn't disappoint! Service was seamless and quick. You can be in and out of the store in 5-10 minutes. I had the Chocolate Crepe Cake and Hazelnut Latte. The crepe cake was not too sweet and completed the latte quite well. The interior and desserts are both Insta-worthy and I guarantee that you will find something that will satisfy your sugar cravings!Coffee's not so good. Not very French at all tbh. Macchiato wasn't done right. Didn't have a chance to buy the pastries but they look decent.I had the sakura blossom matcha latte made with skim milk and it was fabulous. It was served in a to go cup so I didn't even realize until I took off the lid what a beautiful leaf had been designed with the milk. We also had a piece of double dark chocolate cake which was delicious. The service was friendly and we were able to eat outside which was nice to have that option during COVID. I loved the inside of the shop with the pop Japanese decor. We will be back for sure.One of my favorite dessert places in Philly! On top of the desserts looking pretty for instagram they taste great. They are a little bit pricy but I think its worth it. The desserts are unique and use Asian inspired ingredients, and best part is they're not too sweet.Good for people who: like mousse
Bad for people who: don't like mousse 
Cute place if you're looking for a lil dessert if the restaurant you were just at didn't have anything that sounded appealing. They had a small table for us to sit at inside but it's really not a place where you can sit down and eat. We got the hazelnut mousse and it hit the spot but I'm just not a huge mousse gal.I popped into A La Mousse in hopes of a bubble tea, but was informed they only have them certain days of the week. So I decided to try one of their many hot beverages, instead. I ordered a matcha latte with almond milk and asked that it only be made a little bit sweet. 
As I was waiting, I perused the desserts. They really have some gorgeous cakes and other confections. I will definitely have to return to try the matcha chocolate cake, which looked incredible. 
The store was super clean and bright, a very inviting space. My drink was made to perfection and warmed me up for the rest of my walk home. I look forward to returning!This cafe is a perfect combination of aesthetically pleasing and delicious desserts. Their wide selection of coffee and matcha selection made me want to try everything! The winter themed cakes were too cute to pass on. I'll definitely come back!If there is a 10 stars rating, I would give that! 5 stars isn't enough. Let me tell you why this is the best of best bakery! This is an extraordinary bakery that specializes in beautiful and very tasty cakes that are not common in other bakeries. One look and one bite, you are sold! The owner Wei Ling Chen @La Mousse is an amazing woman who went out of her way to provide the product and service. Let me tell you about her extraordinary service. She truly an extraordinary person who went beyond her call of duty since she has to stay behind the counter to conduct the business. She was supposed to deliver the birthday cake for my 90 years old father and the uber driver was supposed to come to pick up the cake at 12:30 pm but the the uber driver didn't show up. So Wei Ling Chen took the time off to drive up to my parents' apartment and went up and she texted me to let me know she is at their door.    I was floored! I told my parents during the zoom party in progress that there is someone at the door. She gave the cake to my parents and then lean over to see me on zoom while she was wearing a mask of course. I took the picture of them!  She truly blew me away with her customer service.  The cake? It's a double chocolate mousse and my parents told me it's so good and that wound outdo most bakeries. 
She has two locations at
1622 South St, Phila PA 19146
920 Montgomery Ave Narberth PA 19072.Took over the Magpie that was here a couple of years and kept most of the same set-up. It's cleaner and more well-lit than the one in Chinatown. Huge fan of their milk foam and their layered cakes. If you're on or around South St. this is a solid spot to hang out and grab some dessert in a quieter setting.This place was amazing, we ordered delivery and it looked great and tasted even better. Absolutely lovedI am a huge fan of the original location in Chinatown, so when this opened up closer to me I knew I had to stop by! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but my favorite is the lychee panna cotta. It is so light and refreshing and pairs well with the raspberry truffle ice cream. I needed to buy a birthday cake for a friend last minute and they were super nice and accommodating- I placed the order and it was ready for pick up in 15 minutes! They have lots of options for cakes, on their recommendation I ended up choosing the 6" matcha mousse cake and it was amazing. Not too sweet, matcha flavor was on point, and they took the time to write what I requested on the cake and decorate it with no advance notice. This will always be my go-to spot when I'm looking for a sweet treat or a dessert that will be sure to please everyone!Newest location of A La Mousse, with very easy convenient parking (vs the original location in Chinatown that can sometimes take a few laps to park)
Space is beautiful and well lit everything looks brand new, you're first greeted by a display case of cakes and macarons, but make sure to check out the eat in menu as that has many more desserts that aren't on display. 
They also have a great selection of tea and coffee and some amazing loose leaf french tea pots offered. 
Have been going to the original location for years and will now be adding this one to the rotation (the original has a couple desserts they aren't yet offering here)
Can't go wrong with any of the desserts, quality and plating are just as great as the original location and staff is very friendly and accommodating. 
Quiet during the day great place to stop by for a coffee/tea and snack and do some work