We loved it.   We have been there twice and both times it was excellent.   Both times we went just before the normal dinner hours and were seated right away.   The service was excellent and the food GREAT.       It is a great addition to the restaurant scene and Fairmount.Definitely one of my top favorite restaurants in the city. The food is fantastic, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu and of course it's byo!Everything we had at A Mano on Saturday, April 23rd was incredible, but a special shout out for the skate wing with a very different presentation and flavors, the Earl Grey semifreddo and the panna cotta.  I can't say enough good things about the semifreddo.  Hadn't had a a truly new dessert in many years and this one hit the ball out of the park.
Go there, eat there, and tell a few people, but not everyone you know.  We still want to be able to get a table!!!My boyfriend and I love going here as well as recommending this restaurant to everyone we know. A perfect Italian BYOB in the charming Fairmount area of Philadelphia! We almost always get the same waitress, who is extremely personable, great advisor on the menu, and very attentive! Nothing better than enjoying a great bottle of wine with the best food in Fairmount. I always have to get the Amatriciana (their flagship pasta that I am probably spelling wrong). The octopus appetizer is cooked perfectly and paired with wonderful items on the plate. Last time we were there we also got the chicken Milanese: one word, yum! One complaint is that they removed the Earl Grey tea semifrado and now have a chocolate semifrado. The earl grey was so unique and truly one of a kind, so I really miss that.Great food, very interesting. Great combinations of Mediterranean & Italian. Gave us lots of time to visit with friends before ordering.A Mano gets a lot of good reviews and I can understand why, but for me it didn't quite live up to the hype. As Jack T pointed out it does take only cash and has only one bathroom and that in itself isn't too swift. We were seated at 6:45 pm on a Saturday night. Very nice waitress but difficult to hear her with the noise level. Appy of roasted cauliflower came out very quickly with some bread. Enjoyed that. I had their version of chicken Milanese which was quite good and my wife had the tomato gnocchi which were ok. Again rapid fire on the delivery. Ordered the taleggio polenta but was so fatty we couldn't eat it. They took it off the bill which was nice. Chocolate semifreddo for dessert was excellent. Could not offer me a cappuccino. Overall, don't expect A BYOB version of Townsend in Fairmount. It's not at that level. Kind of rushed, a bit too much fat in the cooking. It was game set match by 7:45 pm and we were on our way. Overall we left disappointed as we were expecting them to execute at a higher level. Won't go back as we both needed Alka Seltzers when we got home!Wow! The food was absolutely amazing. From the warm focaccia to each delicate pasta course and the shortrib (so so so tender, highly recommend). Not one thing was off. Even the service-incredible. I heard several forks/knives hit the floor and the staff was RIGHT there to replace (like ninjas!!). Not only that, it's BYOB. Can it get any more perfect? It can, we left spending less than $100 and we were full. (Cash only though!) All in all A+++++++++While the food / service during our meal was great, we have subsequently had a terrible experience with the restaurant's manager. One of the servers lost control of a serving tray and spilled a glass of wine on my sweater. He was profusely apologetic, and we completely understand that accidents do happen. In the follow up we were promised that the cost of the sweater would be covered if the stains were not able to be removed by a dry cleaner (they were not). Instead of upholding our agreement, the manager has accused me via e-mail of,  "simply trying to take advantage of us and have an old, tired sweater replaced for free. You didn't even pay for it with your own money". She is correct, the sweater was a gift from my fiancé, so I did not personally "pay" for it. This utterly disrespectful e-mail was consistent with other words exchanged after our dining experience at A Mano. While the food is definitely good, this behavior from the restaurant's manger is quite shocking and unfortunately ruined what was otherwise a good experience.We arrived for our reservation at 7:30.  After a slight wait, with excellent communication, we were seated inside.  Reviews had warned us that the room is loud. The staff opened the windows about halfway through our meal which helped the noise level, but don't let that distract you.  
  Our server described the menu and style, and then suggested the tasting menu offered to parties of 4 or more.  This was a perfect suggestion, as we got to taste much of the menu.  My only critique is that we were served 2 of the crudo.  It was delicious, but a different dish would  have been appreciated.  
   The pasta course was the overwhelming favorite, and while the Bronzino and Pork Shank were delicious, the Chicken entree was the favorite of the table.  We were pleasantly surprised.   
   More importantly, the service was flawless.  Our sever(s) were unobtrusive, professional, and accommodating.  Food was thoughtfully served, prepped for 4 people to share before it left the kitchen.  Our wine glasses were never empty, which is a touch often missed in a byob.  
Thank you for a memorable nightThe food is pretty good, especially the pastas ant the appetizers.  You can skip the large plates and not miss much.
I found the meal expensive at $75 a person while it is a BYOB, and they accept only cash.  At this price, they can take credit cards and pay the viggorish (not to mention the taxes).
But the overriding concern is the noise level.  It is nothing short of an assault.  I could not hear my dining partners across the table and had to yell to be heard.  The doors were open on that warm evening, so that was going to be the best it could be, and it was unbearable. Even millennial would find the sound level unacceptable.  At this price point, I expect a comfortable environment, better food and an effort to give the customer a pleasant experience.
This place could be better, but for now, you would be advised to find a better place for food and a comfortable experience.I was in town for the weekend and my friend, James and I dined here one hot and beautiful summer Saturday. I adore this eating establishment. We BYOB'd with a nice red and ordered the veal carpaccio and seared Spanish octopus. Both were absolute magnificent. My entree was the skate wing and James had the lumachelle dish.  I thought my skate wing was preprared wonderfully and tasted perfect - not oily and seasoed well. Our service was good and she was able to provide recommendations.  I wish I had room in my stomach for dessert. The next time I am in Philly I want to definitely get the anitpasti and dessert.  I hope you enjoy your meal as much as I did.I never make yelp posts even when I go somewhere not that amazing but today was terrible My waitress was terrible I have tons of allergies and dietary restrictions and she didn't want to listen or pay attention at all and they then proceeded to give me exactly what I was allergic to on top of that everyone was just plain bitchy when I was complaining about how terrible the staff was about dealing with my restrictions so we said we were going to leave And my boyfriend and I asked if we could use the restroom and they told us no for paying customers only when we would have stayed if their waitress wasn't terrible and kept messing up my order do NOT go here they are far to arrogant and pompous for my taste and I don't like to eat where there's any type of crapWhat a wonderful meal we had on Saturday at A Mano!  We'd hesitated to visit because of some early negative reviews, but with Saturday's lousy weather, my husband and I canceled our dining plans in Queen Village and opted to visit A Mano, only a few blocks from home.  We started with the antipasti board, which isn't cheap at $22, but which is the single best board I've ever had.  Beautifully presented, with an astounding assortment of flavors and textures in generous portions.  Absolutely delicious.  Next we split the potato-goat cheese gnocchi - creamy and delicious - and rounded the evening out with the tender, bursting-with-flavor pork shank and buckwheat polenta.  There was more food than we could possibly manage to eat.  We'll be back again very soon, and can't wait to try some more of the items on the menu.  Service was top notch, and the interior is beautiful and simple.  Can't say enough good things about it.One of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. The menu is beautifully done and always a nice refreshing surprise from other Italian restaurants around Philadelphia. I can't wait to come back and try more food.The quality of the food was good.  That being said, the menu needed more clarity and protein filled options for vegetarians.  The ambiance was nice, nothing fancy but certainly pleasant.  The hostess was nice but our server was a bit slow.  As it's cash only, was surprised by the deep markups on some of the basic dishes like roasted cauliflower.  I think management needs to adjust the pricing slightly downward.Small portions. High prices. Sparse decor. Rude servers. Took an hour to get main course that was the smallest piece of fish I've ever paid for at a restaurant. Won't go back.My husband brought me here for our 3rd year anniversary and I am so glad he did!! You must try their pasta!! Their noodles are handmade and the texture of the pasta is amazing! Our server was so friendly and knowledgeable so she helped us a lot through the menu. I never had a sashimi at a Italian restaurant but it was definitely a plus since I was craving sushi before coming here!! Plus it is a BYOB here so you can save money on alcohol  LOL! Even though this place is small, it is definitely worth trying! I think we found our favorite restaurant :)Took my husband here for his birthday recently and while everything was good, nothing really stood out. Our favorite was the cavatelli with escargots, I could have just had that and been happy. We started with the burrata which was actually disappointing, typically it's creamy and gooey and buttery but theirs seemed like regular fresh mozzarella, firmer and without that great flavor.  We also got the duck and skate entrees and sides of charred broccoli and polenta, and ended with the donuts. Again, everything was good, but for the price and the hype I was expecting better than just good. The service was great. And as a few others mentioned the place was pretty loud. I'm glad we tried it but we aren't super excited to go back.Was prepared for a wait, however we arrived and were seated immediately. Food was very good, but for people like my husband, portions were small, and everything was a la cart, and a little pricey. Clearly still working out some kinks (waitress was asking us if we wanted dessert before we go our main dish) but otherwise good addition to Fairmount. Recommend the Cauliflower Mezzalone! BYO and cash only.My boyfriend and I brought 2 out of town guests here on a weeknight. Everything we sampled was outstanding, but the cheese board, squid ink pasta, and pork shank entree were some big standouts. Restaurant is cash only and BYOB and doesn't have the best view, but is totally worth a visit. Service is fine, it wasn't a packed night and we had to wait for water refills several times. But other than that, our waitress was adequate. This is a very small restaurant, so it can get loud, it is probably not a great place for a big party or a romantic private dinner. We will definitely be back!Dinner this evening at A Mano was a real treat from start to finish,  Hostess was welcoming, pleasant and prompt, seated us at a nice table by the window on a clear night. Server was equally as prompt in arriving and offering water and opening our wine, answering questions and explaining choices for the evening, making appropriate recommendations when asked.  We ordered the antipasti platter which was excellent in every way, plentiful and delicious with so many varied components of cheeses, meats and vegetables. The octopus appetizer was equally well executed and very tasty. We ordered entrees and enjoyed the wonderful bread and butter offered to the table. Service was pleasant and courteous without being intrusive, just the right tone. Our entrees arrive and there was a mix up with one, which they admitted was their error, but they comped it for us and hoped we enjoyed it while they quickly prepared the correct one, which arrived fairly promptly and was fresh and piping hot. Excellent handling of a situation that could happen anytime but was taken care of professionally. We appreciated their kindness. All the pastas and entrees were delicious, the tomato gnocci, chicken milanese, duck breast and escargot pasta were first rate, seasoned perfectly and presented beautifully. Dessert was equally delicious although we shared one between our guests, it topped off a perfectly delightful evening at A Mano. Go for a special occasion, or to relax and enjoy expertly prepared food and a comfortable atmosphere for a delightful evening.This is place is delicious! The portions are on the smaller side and the dessert was actually a bigger portion than the actual meal, but the quality of the food was great and I will definitely be returning. I got the octopus dish, which was delicious!!If I could give more stars I would.  An impeccably perfect menu from a robust tempting menu.  This is cash only and BYOB. Don't miss out. I would make recommendations but it was all fantastic and I'm sure the chef infuses new items from time to time.  The waitstaff was particularly helpful and complemented the incredible cuisine.I've been to lots of restaurants in Philly. Well, let's face it...if you live in Philly, we've ALL been to lots of restaurants here. It's what we do best...eat and then pretend we're food critics wherever we go because in Philly we're so spoiled and eat such good food. Anyway, I digress. My previous food experience is an essential qualifier of this next statement: I had one of my best meals in Philadelphia at A Mano. My friend and I shared the cotechino, lumachelle, octopus, and branzino. At the end of the meal, I really wanted to approach the chef and tell him how much I loved everything, but then chickened out because I was certain I would fangirl all over him. I literally enjoyed the experience that much. 
This is a much needed addition to Fairmount and I have already lined up two more sets of friends to accompany me on subsequent visits. I feel that the deliciousness that is A Mano must be shared. Enjoy!Lovely restaurant -- great ambience, very tasteful, simple, and refined decor. Service was prompt and friendly but not overburdening so as to interrupt our conversation. Note that it is BYOB and cash only.
Food was expertly prepared and came out quickly. We enjoyed it all but were not blown away. Still an excellent place for a romantic dinner or to catch up with a good friend; not necessarily a culinary destination -- but that's okay. Wonderful, traditional but not stuffy, Italian in a great part of the city. Order the fried donuts for dessert!Very much recommended. 
We did the tasting menu, which was more than we could have expected, and honestly, the best quality food for the best price that we have experienced in Philadelphia. For $65 each, we were served 3 appetizers, 3 pasta dishes, 2 of the main courses paired with 3 sides, and then, 3 desserts. If you're contemplating this, definitely come hungry. It was a lot of food, but exactly what a tasting menu should be..a variety of the chef's dishes. 
We sampled the heirloom tomato and melon salad, the cauliflower and the pork belly as our appetizers, the pork belly being our favorite..melts in your mouth!  The pasta dishes were the cavatelli, the mazzulla, and the lumachelle. The best was the cauliflower mezzaluna, amazing and delicious!!!
For the mains we had a braised pork shank, and the branzino. The branzino while good was on a bed of kale which gave it an odd taste.. The pork shank was preferred, and fell off the bone. Super tender, coming with its own side of polenta as well.  They also gave us additional sides with the mains. I loved the asparagus though the boyfriend wasn't blown away by them. 
But it wasn't just the food that would bring us back. The atmosphere was warm and friendly. A great place for an intimate special occasion. The service was superb as well, even though the restaurant seemed pretty busy. 
Overall, great experience. We would go back any day!!!Great addition to the fairmount area! The food and service were on point. The staff was throughly knowledgable about the menu and the flavors were spot on. BYOB and cash only.A Mano is a bit far from where I live, but is absolutely worth the schlep out to Fairmount. 
I've now come twice and had the pleasure of trying a number of items from their seasonal menu - favorites include the slow-braised tripe, a masterful combination of chewy yet tender tripe and slightly al dente chickpeas in a smooth tomato sauce; the parsley cavatelli, a small dish with a large flavor profile, from the meaty and rich bone marrow-based sauce to savory beech mushrooms and escargot; and the braised pork shank, fall-off-the-bone tender meat and a creamy, deeply satisfying polenta - just a phenomenal dish. For dessert, the bomboloni, Italian doughnuts served with a rhubarb compote, might be the best doughnuts we've ever had. 
The service was also very good - the waiters and waitresses we've had have been attentive, knowledgeable about the menu, and friendly, During our first visit, when we found out A Mano was a BYOB, our waiter was kind enough to inform us that the bar across the street sold bottles of wine. The waitstaff is also very upfront about A Mano being a cash-only establishment, so that you're not left scrambling for loose change at the end of the meal.
A few caveats - the place is small and crowded and therefore can get quite loud. The restaurant has an open kitchen, so the seats next to the kitchen are very, very toasty, especially on a 90 degree summer day. With meals averaging ~$50 per person, A Mano is on the pricier side, but is worth every last delicious bite.Went for a Saturday evening dinner.  Knowing that wait times can be long we showed up at 6:30, hoping to get in around 7:30.  Which is exactly what happened.  Walked across the street to the London, had a couple of beers, and received a text that our table was ready at 7:30.  
The atmosphere is really nice.  It was a beautiful evening, so the windows were open.  Not sure if that kept the noise level down, but we did not find it loud at all.  Menu was solid, if slightly pricey.  We started with a pair of pasta dishes to share - the cauliflower mezzaluna and the potato-goat cheese gnocchi.  Both were terrific, but at $14 and $15 respectively don't expect an entree sized portion.  The pasta dishes while extremely flavorful (and a slight nod goes to the mezzaluna for being a notch better than the gnocchi) the portions could almost be called tiny.  Irregardless they were very good.  Next up we had the short rib and ordered two sides - the brussells sprouts and the sunchokes.  The sides were really good.  The short rib looked amazing, but honestly it hit the table cold.  When we asked that it be heated up some they brought us out a new dish.  The only issue was that the portion of short rib that was brought out was half the size of our initial portion.  Our waiter must have figured it out, as he asked us immediately if it was okay?  We pointed out the size difference, and he apologized.  When dessert came out (the panna cotta) he said it was on the house.  The panna cotta was good, but not to the same level as the rest of the meal.
All in all a really good meal.  Beside the short rib issue, the rest of the dinner was super.  Service was solid, and the atmosphere was pleasant.  Cash only is a little annoying. I would totally go back.Went to A Mano after a recommendation from a woman through the window. Quiet Sunday early dinner spot, arrived as they opened the place up.  Everything we ordered was exceptional (antipasti, squid ink pasta, skate wing).  First to come to the table was the homemade bread. Probably one of the best breads around. Antipasti appetizer had hand cured meats, duck prosciutto being our favorite. Squid ink pasta was melt in your mouth delicious. The skate wing was tasty too.  Service was good the waitstaff was very attentive. We will definitely be back to try more items from their menu. FYI the place is byob and cash only!- TIP:  Don't miss the antipasto platter.  It's super-interesting & balanced well between the meat, cheese, and vegetables.
- CON: All the pasta is great - but servings are small.
- BOTTOM LINE: Great staff serving interesting - yet approachable - Italian dishes.Went out for a date night, split an app and each had a pasta entree.  The food was very good, but ended up dropping $100 for an app and two pasta dishes.  We ordered off of A Mano's pasta menu, and when the waitress offered us entree portions she didn't state that the prices would outright double the primi prices.  Certainly we expected a price bump, but doubling it up while not telling us really took away from our experience and aggravated us.  All that, and even the entree portion was very easy for a light eater to finish with no leftovers. 
While I was excited to have a new BYO in the neighborhood, the value here just isn't here.  For that price you can go to any of the other great Fairmount spots and buy drinks, or head to the BYO's downtown for food that is just as good, but cheaper.  It's frustrating knowing how close we were to having another go to restaurant in the neighborhoodI was given a gift certificate for this restaurant for my sixtieth birthday. I had no idea what I was in for. Everything from the warmth of the waitress Sara to the incredible array of food was superb. Went there to celebrate a special anniversary. Some highlights, octopus, all the pastas, the pork, oh the pork, melt in your mouth, flavorful. What a gem!  I hope to go back sometime. Definitely one of the best meals I've had in Philly.I have been hearing about A Mano since I first moved to Fairmount over a month ago. After hearing all the rave reviews, I had to check it out. Trust, I was not disappointed. This is probably the best meal I have had in almost a year!
A Mano is a BYOB nestled in Fairmount. It doesn't look like much from the outside, located on the corner across from a convenient store. However, this restaurant is not only the best in Fairmount but from what I can tell- it's a contender for best in the entire city!
While they don't take reservations, when you arrive at A Mano they take your name and number and are happy to hold any wine or alcohol you may have brought with you. They text you as soon as your table is ready, so it's super easy to head across the street to London Grille for a cocktail as you wait for your table.
We went on a sunny, warm Saturday evening and they had all their windows open offering an indoor/outdoor vibe. We immediately ran into some old friends from high school who live in the area and told us they eat at A Mano at least once a week.
When we were seated, the waiter immediately came over to offer us water and uncork our (very large) bottle of red. He even asked us how we knew the couple I just mentioned- such a cute neighborhood vibe! He told us all about their opening back in January 2016 and the background of the restaurant.
Shortly there after, we were served with house-made focaccia bread and olive-oil butter. I could've eaten just that and been happy! Their menu is split into three courses, so for starters we had the lime-roasted cauliflower and spicy lentil sausage. Both were impeccably flavored and cooked to perfection.
Next, we split the squid ink pasta and braised shank with polenta for dinner. The pasta was creamy but light- with olive oil, garlic, seafood and lemon. I basically could've bathed in the sauce. I kept "calling it quits" but quickly found myself with an empty plate. The shank literally fell off the bone and the polenta was as smooth as butter. We couldn't have been happier with our choices!
The waiter did present us with some dessert options as well, which aren't on the menu but I guess have been recently added due to customer requests. We were way too full for dessert, but won't let that stop us next time.
A Mano is absolutely fantastic! It's a magical combination of neighborhood vibe with exquisite thoughtfully crafted food. I plan on coming back many times over and recommend you do the same!This is one of those places where you walk by and wonder why you don't see anyone actually eating.    When you go in, you understand why.   This place is exceedingly expensive with  small portions.  There is no menu outside to warn you what you are in for.  We dropped a hundred dollars (before tip) for just two of us. and this without drinks or dessert.   The server recommended a dish from each of the three columns, but the menu was so expensive that we decided to order from two columns instead.   I was hungry within a couple hours after ordering the cavatelli with mushrooms, and the bronzino. Both were indeed tasty and the servers were quite nice and attentive, but it is shameful for the owner to charge so much money.  The restaurant seems to draw people from other neighborhoods (with lots of disposable income, no doubt)   I don't think too many Fairmounters will be frequenting this restaurant  when Zorba's is a few doors down and has reasonable prices with great food.  We won't be going back to A Mano.  Recommend Porcini's in Rittenhouse instead.Decided to check out A Mano after a great meal at Townsend.  A Mano did not disappoint.  Our server, Peter was on point from the minute we stepped out of the cab in the rain.  Our umbrellas were tucked away and the hostess showed us to a table. 
We started with the antipasti and octopus.  Everything on the antipasti plate were amazing (I wish we would have left with the anchovy brand details!).  The chorizo was just the right amount of heat/spice for the octopus.  
Next up..pasta.  It was a tie between the parsley cavatelli and cauliflower mezzaluna.   Both were strong competitors - cavatelli with escargot and mezzaluna with brown butter.  It doesn't get any better than this.
Oh but it does...pork shank with tallegio polenta and pickled fennel (wish there had been more).  So much pork I had to take it home.  I knew there would be an amazing dessert on the way.   I wasn't wrong.
We decided on the almond panna cotta.  One bite and I wish I had asked for my own. The panna cotta itself was lite and fluffy like a marshmallow.  All the toppings melted into the heaven in the glass.
This place makes me wish I lived closer.  Guess I'll just have to keep paying for a ride to the neighborhood in order to enjoy a great meal!Have been here several times and the food is generally very good. Tonight I had the swordfish and specifically requested that it be cooked thru. The waitress assured me they cook it thru but not so much that it is overcooked. The very small piece of Swordfish came out looking like it was 1/2 an order and it was raw in the center. The waitress took it back and they cooked it for another few minutes. No apology and no acknowledgement of anything. This is not an inexpensive restaurant and I would expect better customer service and quality control from a place like Amano.Went there on opening night (thanks, philly.com!). Had the best mezzaluna with cauliflower, branzino, and cod dishes.  There weren't enough dessert options, but the donuts they had were pretty tasty. Good bang for the buck and a solid byob addition to the neighborhood. It will be interesting to see how this no reservations restaurant holds up during the real opening.My wife and I responded to an excellent Craig LaBan Philadelphia Inquirer review a couple of weeks before dinner earlier this evening.  No, I do not like waiting in lines (no reservations yet), but we were at a nearby doctor's office, so we were able get to A Mano before the crowds. However, next time we can go for a walk along the parkway if we have to wait. And there will be a next time!
Who would have thought that this corner restaurant in an old, but still up-and-coming area, almost across from a huge prison (closed), would offer up some of the best food I have had anywhere? It turned out we did the right thing by sharing the arctic char crudo, cauliflower pasta, and lamb shank.  We reluctantly had dessert, which did not disappoint. More than enough food for us because it is deliciously rich!  My only suggestion is that in each of the 3 courses the chef  add or substitute a healthier dish for those, like me, who like good food but watch my fat intake. Of course, I did not help myself by mopping up the sauces and gravies with the focaccia bread. My willpower caved! Most likely, next time I will cheat on caloric intake, just as I did tonight!
Let me add that the service at all levels of staff was outstanding and highly professional.If you are looking to have a nice night out in Philly then save yourself the frustration and pass on this restaurant. We were a group of five and we dined at Amano late Wednesday night.  The food was good, but the pretentious management really put a damper on our night out. The management thinks they are so great they don't need to answer the phone because potential customers are just not as important as those who are sitting in their less than half full restaurant. They also don't take reservations and because they don't take reservations they don't feel it is important to answer their phone. We called three times that day but because they didn't answer their phone, we couldn't give them a heads up that a party of five would be coming. We didn't know they were cash only either which caused an inconvenience to some in our party. Even though the restaurant was less than half full, we still had to wait more than 20 minutes for our table. The manager refused to put a chair on the end of one of the many open tables to sit our party because it might interfere with other diners. While we waited, we asked if we could have some glasses for our champagne, but they also told us NO. They also made an error on our bill and overcharged us. The hostess was sweet and our waitress was knowledgeable and friendly, but the operations manager was the rudest. Her body language was really off putting and when our group had asked to speak with her regarding our inability to get ahold of the restaurant during the day, she never came. Instead she sent one of the waiters to speak with us. The food was well prepared and tasty but with attitudes like that, you will only be left with a disappointed meal and money out of your pocket. With so many other good restaurants in Philly, this one will never make it unless they act a little more cordial to their customers. When we were leaving we asked them if they might start answering their phones because not getting ahold of a restaurant to ask a question, might frustrate potential customers. The waiter smugly laughed and answered with a "probably not." Apparently they are not willing to listen to their customers and that translates to not caring about them either.We had an amazing dinner date there. On top of delish dishes, they also BYOB. He staffs were friendly and helpful since it was my first time there. Definitely will be back.The wait is over, Fairmont has a wonderful new restaurant. 
A Mano features Italian seasonal dishes prepared with just enough innovation to make them truly memorable. 
A lovely dining room and open kitchen that is welcoming on a cold winter evening. Large windows give the cosy space a sophisticated feel.I am so unbelievably touched by the level of service that we received. First of all, I called the same day to add a person to our party and we were accommodated without question. Management and staff were so kind and did everything possible to make our celebration evening a success, even working with a shortcoming of mine. 
Wer ordered quite a bit off the menu and all of the dishes were presented impeccably and had layer upon layer of flavor. Everything had the rusticity of home cooking, but infused with impeccable technique and an extra punch of flavor. Some favorites included the octopus, the antipasto board, the cauliflower mezzaluna, the chittara with squid ink and sea urchin butter and the gnocchi with peas and speck. Most of us got the pork shank for a dinner entree- it was the best thing I have eaten in ages, caramelized, fork tender and served with creamy cheese-infused polenta. 
For dessert, we ordered the bomboloni and the chocolate basil panacotta. We were also present with the meyer lemon semifreddo (something we did not think to order, but it was our favorite).
I cannot thank the management and staff enough for being so accommodating and absolutely amazing. We felt so welcome. We cannot wait to come back again and again- this is without a doubt our favorite restaurant in Philadelphia and we have not loved a restaurant enough to call a favorite in a long time.A Mano was A-mazing! I can see why everyone has been raving about A Mano, all the great press and lists it's made, and regret having waited so long to check it out myself.
Although they are cash only and BYOB, reservations can be easily made on Opentable. My dinner was scheduled on a (gorgeous) Tuesday night, where the restaurant had decent foot traffic but wasn't at capacity. I'd bet it fills up quickly on weekends. 
I absolutely loved the open-air set up. They had their large, floor length windows open so window tables were essentially outside. The decor was very basic, but relied on the neighborhood charm.
After a lengthy conversation about the tasting when confirming the reservation days prior, we opted to order a la carte. While they would've accommodated one person who didn't eat fish or cheese and one person who did, ultimately the large portion size of the tasting was a deterrent. We ordered plenty and left well satisfied. Although everything we had was so amazing, I fear next time we return we'll have to get the same things and then still try more. 
For so many of the dishes we proclaimed that these were the best we've ever had of that kind. The pork belly appetizer and tomato gnocchi were truly in a class of their own. I've never had squid ink pasta before, but it was unique and I'm sure best in class as well. The duck entree was so tender and fell apart on the fork; it's the second best duck I've had in my life. 
Although the restaurant gives off a neighborhood feel, the service was polished, professional and friendly. 
A Mano isn't your typical mom and pop Italian spot, and the prices do reflect this. While, unfortunately, it cannot be a day to day spot for me, it is a true culinary experience and treat.Since I just reviewed La Calaca across the street, I figured I would review A Mano, an Italian BYOB brought to you by Townsend. As I have stated before, I generally reserve five stars for places like The Modern, The French Laundry, Le Bernadine, etc., but A Mano is up there. I'd probably give them 4.5 star, so I just rounded up. A Mano does not blow me away or knock my socks off, but they do what they do extremely well. The food that they put out is excellent. It's well seasoned, balanced and as close to perfect as you can get. I usually get out with a $75 bill for two. The service is excellent. Not the best I have had, but they might be some of the best in Philadelphia. Hands down. On a side note, please, tip your servers! Onto the food...
Everything that I have had has been amazing. Standouts include: Antipasti Board, Spanish Octopus, Lumachelle all'Amatriciana, Tomato Gnocci, Chicken Milanese.
Just go and enjoy!This is our absolute favorite restaurant in the city.  Wonderful BYOB with excellent service and food. The pastas are all so incredible, we always order several, and we've never made it to the main entrees. We especially love the octopus-white-bean-chorizo appetizer (my husband will be inconsolable if they ever take that off the menu), the parsley cavatelli, and the gnocchi. Grab your favorite bottle of wine, you won't be disappointed.My first experience at A Mano was when they had first opened. The courses were amazing and the byo atmosphere was perfect for a special night out. Having just moved back to the neighborhood, I was itching to return. We had gotten there right before their last seatings, which wasn't a problem. Neeka, our waitress, was very warm and knowledgeable of every aspect of the courses we received. From the bread, appetizers, main courses and two desserts we shared, I left there having had hands down one of the best meals ever. A Mano is by far the best little byo in the Fairmount/Art Museum neighborhood, and I look forward to any formal/informal occasion I can return. Cheers.Cannot understand these positive reviews. We had a reservation last night but upon arrival the only table available was outside facing a gas station. Only one bathroom which was occupied during our entire 45 minutes at this place. Gross. $9 cauliflower app was served cold and flavorless. $24 "meat and cheese" board included 1  tasteless soft cheese. Mostly crappy cheap vegetables. Probably the greatest insult was $30 for about 15 chewy gnocchi. Hysterically bad and grossly overpriced.  Truly the worst dining experience I've ever had in Philly.Well.. its located in Fairmount, which means it's surrounded by the yuppy crowd too scared to live in the city, but still want to say they live in Philly. This is sort of the same sentiments I have toward this restaurant. It plays it safe with ordinary food, but plates small portions in an attractive arrangement to give the impression of a high-end restaurant. Also, since the food has a heavier price tag, non-foodies assume this is the best food they can buy. Don't get me wrong, the food is decent, but not worthy of their menu prices. I sampled about 8 items from the regular menu as well as 2 desserts, some great, some bad. The fish preparation really stuck out to me and enjoyed it. The services was mediocre; attentive but not as warming or friendly as I would expected. 
I guess I was excited to see some new talent in philly, but instead it was just another run of the mill restaurant trying to be all fancy.One word to describe my overall experience at 
A Mano: EXCELLENT! My girlfriend and I had been looking forward to visiting A Mano since we heard rumors about it a year ago. Townsend Wentz has proven himself as a great chef so we expected great things from his new venture. 
As I read the other reviews I am stunned by the negativity and I feel that people are focused on the wrong things. I understand that a cash only restaurant in today's America is odd and in convenient, but let's not have it distract from what is really important. THE FOOD!!! The food is amazing, no doubt about that. The focaccia bread to start was warm, soft and delicious. We shared the sausage, squid ink pasta, gnocchi with wild boar, and branzino. Each dish was better than the next with unique, bold flavor profiles that left us wanting more. The presentation and service were terrific as well. The waitress did mistake my water request, but it's understandable because of the loud room. And she quickly resolved the issue. 
   Besides the gripes about the restaurant being cash only, I see a lot of disdain for the high prices.  I don't have much to say about that Except that great food costs money and $25 for a dish isn't unreasonable. If you want something cheap, there's a bunch of good quick eats on callowhill. 
Do yourself a favor and go to A Mano if you're looking for a comfortable restaurant with amazing food and great service.Could not get over how loud it was in there. Could barely have a conversation due to the acoustics. Order the antipasti board if you want to impress the table next to you. Skip the short rib, way too dry. Cash onlyFirst of all. Cash only. Seriously? Also the portion sizes are pretty small. It takes 2-3 entrees to fill you up. The entrees are 15-30 dollars each too. Food isn't terrible, but definitely not worth it. 10/10 would not come againFinally, good Italian in Fairmount! Delicious food and good service. The prices are comparable to other Italian byobs.Grab a bottle (or two) of wine and do the Abbondanza. You won't regret it. Came for a late valentine's dinner and we left so extremely full and satisfied. For two people, the amount of food was amazing. Three appetizers, three pasta dishes, two big entrees, two desserts. We mentioned there were two things on the menu we were really hoping to try and the waiter accommodated us so kindly. 
Started with the braised pork belly, tuna crudo and roasted cauliflower. Fave was the pork: so juicy and full of flavor. 
Pasta dishes were the tomato gnocchi, ravioli (my fave) and squid ink pasta with calamari (his fave).
Our main dishes were the braised pork shank (giant and fall off the bone tender) and the swordfish (a little overcooked, not our fave but interesting flavors). 
And lastly, somehow magically found room in my stomach for dessert. I dream about it. Fresh donuts with cheesecake filling and a tasty mousse type thing that I can't remember exactly coz all I can think about were those donuts. Glad I wore spanx that night coz I gained about 7 pounds. 
Definitely worth the price I think, but I wish they accepted card. Would definitely go back for another special occasion.The best new-ish restaurant in Fairmount. I don't tend to travel to this side of Fairmount as often, now that the broad st side of the neighborhood is picking up with more bars, breweries, and restaurants. However, A Mano is a game changer. Delicious homemade pastas. A simple, but interesting menu. Phenomenal service. 
Yes, it's cash only, but this isn't the first place in Philly to be cash only.
Yes, it's BYOB, but that's a positive (not a negative) for most Philly natives
Yes, it's going to cost you more than your average Fairmount restaurant, but it is 10x the quality of any restaurant this neighborhood has to offer. 
We loved it the first time we went and love it even more now that they take reservations and have outdoor seating.Phenomenal restaurant. BYOB that was very well priced for the amount of food you received. Atmosphere is nice and the wait wasn't too long. My date and I skipped the anti pasta course and got two pasta dishes, two entrees, and a side of Brussel sprouts. The squid ink pasta and the chicken Milanese were the best of what we had. Can't wait to go back and try more.Really wonderful.  You can tell from the moment you walk in that the focus of A Mano is the food.  The space is simply, but tastefully decorated.  I've lived in Fairmount for years and watched the transformation of this space with much anticipation.  Service was impeccable and the food comforting and complex without pretense.  I also love that it's BYO.  I would absolutely recommend!Excellent new spot.  Our group of four tackled most of the menu, highlights were the octopus and pork belly apps, Lumachelle pasta, and pork shank entree.  Also get the donuts for dessert. 
Fun atmosphere on the corner with the windows open. Will go back.Wow! Neighborhood restaurant with NYC quality food and great service.  We shared Hamachi crudo, which had alternating flavors of lemon, saltiness from roe, and bite from charred scallion - well executed.  Spanish octopus was outstanding, great dish, a must order! We also shared three pasta primi dishes, and had a hard time figuring out which was our favorite.  Caulif Mezzaluna with the aged balsamic was amazing (wife's favorite), Smoked Paprika Corzetti (think one layer of a ravioli) was fascinating and delicious, and my favorite was the Tomato gnocchi, a creative masterpiece! We shared the Swordfish entree, which was moist and perfectly cooked, great dish for summer.  Open kitchen, cash only BYOB, walk by the kitchen, say hello, and watch the chef prepare your meal.  A Mano is not to be missed!My husband and I just had dinner here, and it was amazing!  The anitipasto board was beautifully arranged and perfectly balanced, with various meats, cheese, fish and veggies.  Each bite was new, interesting and delicious!  The menu recommends it for 2, but it could easily be a shared by a table of four, especially with other courses.  The pasta was delightful, and we found the portion to be just right for ordering a pasta each with a shared secondi course.  We also shared an marvelous and, again, appropriately proportioned dessert, and were able to walk home full and content, but not feeling so heavy we could burst.  The wait staff were friendly, knowledgable, charming and very approachable.  I'm so happy to have a modern, upscale Italian option in the neighborhood.  Great date night spot.I had very mixed feelings about A Mano. We decided to try it on Valentine's day, figuring (correctly) that their no reservations policy would kill them. We came earlyish at about 6 or 6:30 and the place was 3/4 empty. Then came the moment that really sums up how A Mano feels about its customers and its not pretty. My husband was parking the car and I asked for a table for two. The hostess looks at me, looks at all the empty tables and says "I'm not allowed to seat incomplete parties". So the hostess and I stood awkwardly looking at each other for 10 minutes until my husband arrived. Basically A Mano couldn't care less about its customers and they make sure you know it - from their cash only policy, to not having a phone (which would really help them with customers that just want to check on an approximate wait before they brave heading over in the cold), to the not seating incomplete parties taken to the extreme. The night I came, I called and the phone system was broken and didn't even answer with a message - it just rang and rang and rang. So with starting our meal with basically a huge "screw you" moment - the food would have had to be the best I ever tasted to make me want to patronize A Mano again. It wasn't. Mostly it was good - I did like both the crudo and the soup starters. We also had a special mushroom pasta that was outstanding. The pork shank was very tender - but a little sweet for my taste. The dessert (bombolini) was just bad - the oil they were fried in must be used for other things - because the taste was just off and the coffee filling was kind of weird. Anyway - as you can probably tell from my review - it will be a while before I swing back. This place needs a serious attitude adjustment - Philly has a lot of great food served by people who care about their customers.I am not one that goes out for nice meals frequently (never) as I'm single and feel guilty indulging myself on a basic human need.
My parents came to visit from "The Poconoh's" for my moms birthday so I figured why the hell not wait for a table. 
It was worth it. 
I'm not the type to take a selfie or a picture of anything I'm eating but I kind of wish I was. 
My friends live across the street so they decided to join and we had a nice place to chill and have a couple glasses of wine during the wait-FYI a two hour wait truly is a two hour wait here. 
The antis were good-cauli, octo, sausage ranked in that order. 
Primi's were best-cavatelli, gnocchi, squid ranked in order, but all felt like near equals. 
Secondi's we went with the shank and skirt with fingerlings and Brussels. I'd say the skirt and sprouts were the winners.
We finished damn near 11 so we skipped on the desert. 
All in all, get some wine, get a good group of people, put down your gd phone and you will not be disappointed.Kind of disappointing after the other reviews I read. Space is nice but loud "techno fusion" music was too much. Everyone at tables were shouting over it. Pasta dishes and bread were delicious. I had the cod which was just ok. Portion was way out of proportion with preparation and price. I tried a piece of my wife's short rib and it was dried out and somewhat stringy. My other two guests said the were pleased with their meals. Nice location and friendly staff.Would hold off until they work out the kinks. Not a great experience. No reservations accepted  - which is fine, until they offer a 30 minute estimate and still no table 50 minutes later (for two of us). Finally just left after we watched 2 tables seated in front of us - told they were there first, not sure about that. No help at all for the poor hostess (deer in the headlights look) as not once did a manager or senior server approach us to sympathize.  Waiting for a permit to allow outside seating so couldn't even have a glass of wine while we cooled our heels. Go to the city ALOT and have worked in the industry, all in all a pretty poor experience which left a bad taste in my mouth. I'll have to read some really good reviews before I give it another shot. Only giving 2 stars because the menu looks good. Never underestimate the impact of a first impression.The service here was amazing. Attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly staff. BYOB always you to bring your favorite wine to enjoy with the delicious food. Freshly made bread is delicious. Great crust with a soft delicious middle. The apps...Assorted Antipasta board is great for sharing. Burrata silky and creamy. Seared Spanish octopus was cooked perfectly. Great choice if you like octopus. The braised pork belly was melt in your mouth spectacular. We had a second order after eating the first. On to the primis...pappardelle all'amateicana was cooked al dente to perfection. The sausage chunks gave it bursts of flavor. The cauliflower mezzalunas were the biggest surprise. Best past dish we had, so good. Parsley cavatelli was the most anticipated dish for the table. It did not disappoint. secondis...chicken Milanese was good, but the next 2 outshined. Branzino had a crispy skin side with a delicate fish underneath. The pork shank was a show stopper. Fall off the bone tender and perfectly seasoned. Great place to eat.Had the perfect meal at A Mano! The sword fish was the best fish dinner I've ever had. We were all blown away and more than satisfied with our meals. Excellent dessert and great service. Can't wait to go back.Shockingly expensive for pedestrian fare. 
A friend and I made early reservations (5:45), were seated, and pretty much hounded by our waiter who came to our table every 90 seconds to see if we were ready to order. He would not make it as a waiter in Italy. And it was so loud we could hardly hear him or each other.
The bread was just ok- homemade foccacia that was completely spongy- you could easily roll it into a ball. No nice crust at all. No better than if the middle had been pulled out of a loaf of bread. The roasted cauliflower app for $11 was, for me, inedible. All I could taste was charred cauliflower; the ashy taste overwhelmed every other flavor and I sent it back. Nobody said a word about it and the full fee was on the check. It took half a glass of (very nice) iced tea to get the burned taste out of my mouth.
The braised pork shank was a good large portion, and very tender and tasty. The polenta that was served along side was very, very rich and way too buttery. It was like eating a pat of butter. My dinner mate had the head cheese app which she said was ok, and the braised short rib which again was just ok.
As others have mentioned there are many other better choices for authentic Italian food in Philly; unpretentious. good food at reasonable prices with better service and atmosphere- like eating in Italy. It can be done in Philly but not here. And $100 price tag for two for a very pedestrian meal with no wine! Vergogna!!I was just here with somm friends on a gorgeous Tuesday night - we were seated outside and had 5 bottles of wine for 4 somms which we consumed with the chef's tasting menu ($65/person) to our utter delight.  I'm pescatarian (I eat fish) and they came out with the perfect things to have on a balmy evening.  This place is conveniently located on a corner across the street from a parking area that has reasonable prices ($10 for the evening) if you can't find street parking... This place is cash only and a BYO with perfect glasses for enjoying a killer bottle of wine.  Service was awesome and every single dish was tasty and interesting.  I eat A LOT of Italian food - this is not the norm - nor is it boring in any way shape or form. 
Philly and Fairmount are lucky to have this place.Absolutely delicious. As others have said, the no reservation policy will become problematic soon, but our party of 5 arrived on the night of the great snowstorm of early 2016 and we were seated after about 15 minutes. The service was good, the space was appealing, simply and elegantly put together, and the food itself was fabulous, just glorious. For openers a green salad with pancetta was delicious, as was roasted cauliflower; in the second course the gnocchi with boar ragu was a standout; and the cod entree was just about perfect, beautiful and delicious, bright green kale contrasting with the soft white fish floating in a red paprika-colored poaching liquid. Drawbacks? It's loud, there were only two dessert choices (doughnuts and panna cotta, and even if you're dining alone order both!), and at least for now, no credit cards or reservations. BYOB.Came here for the first time last night and I cannot wait to go back! Outstanding service and the food was some of the best I've ever had!!! Little hidden gem in Fairmount that you have to try.So overall, I liked it & would go again. I also think that it's a really nice addition to the neighborhood & I love that it's a BYOB. That said, I was disappointed in the portion sizes & think it's a little pricey for Fairmount. I got that cavatelli pasta as my 1st course, which was delicious, though I could have easily eaten double the portion size that they served. For my entree I got the cod, which again, was really good, but was essentially just the piece of fish, so it wasn't very filling. The menu said that it came w/a couscous type of pasta, which turned out to be a VERY small "sprinkling" of pasta. It left me quite hungry afterwards. My friend got the pork though, which she said fell off the bone & was delicious. Her dish was def bigger/more filling than what I ordered. For dessert, I had the panna cotta, which was decent, though definitely not the best I've ever had. I do want this place to succeed- I just think they need to drop their prices a little & increase their portion sizes a bit.This place is seriously good. Creative, imaginative cooking. You're really in good hands. We had seared octopus, squid ink pasta with mussels, cauliflower mezzaluna, pork shank, skate wing and roasted fingerling potatoes. Every dish was exceptional, with mysterious, exotic flavors. You know how you go to a restaurant, order a dish and find that it is similar to how you would have cooked it? Not here, not at all. The service was professional and courteous and the meal was orchestrated perfectly. We would have had dessert but we were full. We will return, for sure.Cozy BYOB.  Staff was good and helpful.  I heard amazing things about this place, but it was just good/ok.  We started with the Antipasto which was good.  Also, the burrata was not up to par at all.  My wife loves burrata and she said it wasn't good at all.  I had the Bucatini pasta with guanciale.  It was pretty good, but I've had the same dish elsewhere and it was better there.  I will say the Cavatelli with escargot was very good.  I also tasted the Pork which was probably the best thing on the menu.A Mano was on my top 5 best/favorite restaurants in Philadelphia, but after tonight - maybe top 50.  Food was excellent as always, I'll admit, but service was absolutely, ridiculously awful, which left a bad taste in my mouth and steaming right now. Our server tonight, white male, brown hair, average height, was the worst server I've had in some time in a fine dining establishment. He repeatedly had his hands on his hips and leaned over us while lecturing/talking to us, he rudely and aggressively pushed his own favorite items on the menu upon us without us even asking for suggestions, and he even hit me with plates while clearing the table and didn't even apologize or care. I've repeatedly recommended this place to people, but never again. If you want good food that's ruined by bad service, then come here. Otherwise, there's a lot of other places in Philadelphia to go where everything is made "by hand" (a Mano translation) and you don't get treated like you're obviously dispensable.Delicious Italian in Fairmount! Went with a 5 person group! Got the cauliflower, tomato gnocchi and prosciutto with artichoke as appetizers and was really great! Perfectly seasoned and all! Got the duck breast entree with the mouth watering beet salad... omg I want to go back for more!! Friends got the cod and chicken Milanese. They enjoyed their dishes too! Ugh... so happy I live just 5 blocks away :) I'll be coming back for sureMy favorite restaurant in Philly hands down. Great food, great service, cozy atmosphere and BYO.Great service and the food was even better! The pasta dishes including the snail one is a must try. The pork shank and the chicken Milanese was to die for. I wish we had space for desert but we were so stuffed and had to stop. A great BYOB in a very cool neighborhood.
Only area for improvement is jacking up the air conditioner. It was soooo hot inside the restaurant.Great BYOB in the heart of Fairmount! 
Came here for dinner one night and enjoyed myself! I would have liked to try more things by sharing dishes but since the group didn't want to I was limited. I ordered the chicken Milanese, which is a very large portion and delicious!! We also split a pasta which the small portion was perfect for two people to share.
When the bill came it was 130 for 4 people without alcohol so the prices are 20-30 depending on what you order. I would come back again bug next try to several little dishes to try!We had a delightful dinner here one evening where we enjoyed the open windows and BYOB. The dishes are very shareable and delicious! The octopus was wonderful and the pastas had a nice balance of flavor. Don't forget to enjoy some of the complimentary home made focaccia bread! Their menu changes seasonally so they can keep things fresh. Would definitely recommend this place for an evening out!Absolutely the best pasta  in town! We went for a double date and the pasta and our waitress was so great! Definite musts are the parpadelle with guanciale, the gnocchi, and the ravioli! Yum!  And can I even just mention how amazing the bread is. It comes out piping hot with delicious butter you can spread that perfectly melts in your mouth!