The meat is fresh, and the hot pot taste is authentic. You can taste some rare dishes. Only that the lamb/beef is a bit expensive.Undoubtedly authentic, all the servers are fluent in Mandarin, and the service is good compared to most Chinese restaurants. Fast, attentive, I've never had any problems here. 
The problem is that it all does add up. They charge for almost everything. Broth, sauce, rice, jeez, can't get a break here. That being said, go for the sichuan sudoku broth because they give it just the right amount of kick and flavor. Everything on the menu is pretty well done, can't really go wrong with anything, really just depends on your taste.Eating hotpot is about the experience of cooking the food while sharing a good time with your friends. Sounds pretty straightforward and enjoyable right? There shouldn't be any way you could mess this up right? I never thought any place could mess up with that, but well there's About Hotpot. 
I called in the morning to make a reservation. Immediately from the phone call, I felt that something was off because I had to repeat everything I said twice in comparison to other places that I have made a reservation with. Later when I got to the restaurant, I was quite intrigued with the place. The layout of the restaurant was nice, and I liked it. When I got seated, I initially was quite disappointed with how the place used either gas or electric cookers for the hotpot, but as I thought about it more, I liked that because of how much it reminded me of traditional hotpot back in Asia. 
I also want to acknowledge that they do a very good job with their broth. The broth at this restaurant was very flavorful, much better than many other hotpot places in Philadelphia. The presentation of the dishes was also nice as well. I liked how they used cutting boards to bring out some meat dishes. This was also another distinguishing feature of about hotpot. So overall, food wise, I would have given about Hotpot a 4 or 5 stars. 
But here is when everything went downhill. It is understandable that going to an Asian restaurant unless it is a fine-dining restaurant, I wouldn't be able to get a great service anyway but About Hotpot took bad customer service to a whole new level. 
When I sat down at the table waiting for my friends, the server didn't even bring any water to the table nor would he even asked me if I would like something to drink. Then when it comes to ordering, it took awhile for the waiter to come and asked us what we would like to order. Remember the water? Yeah, we had to ask for water when we already were eating the food. Even the process of getting the waiter attention is tough when we need a spoon, ladle, and napkins. We finished our first round of order, still hungry and wanted more food; we even had to ask a different waiter to come and put in more order for us, and we got a response saying I'll be back or give me a minute. 15 minutes later, still no sight of them taking our order. So if you plan to eat here, I'd say give yourself about 5 hours of open-window to eat here. What ticked me off the most then was how attentive they were with Chinese-speaking and Caucasian customers. I felt left out and quite discriminated. 
Now the service part is done, let's go into the price. I'd say the price here is quite average in comparison to other hotpot places. But there are a few dishes here and there that are just quite unreasonably expensive (i.e. fried tofu skins, they gave us a tiny bowl, and it cost $7 when I could have gotten that dish from other places with more of it and with a lower price). Also, I have never been to a hotpot place that charges me for a bowl of dipping sauce but here's About Hotpot where they will charge you $2 for a bowl of sauce. 
So TL;DR: Food was great, the place is cute, service is incredibly horrible, and it is also pretty expensive. Would not comeback here ever.The food was awesome! Everything tasted fresh and was served in a satisfying amount. We had a 2-flavor pot with a tomato soup and a hot soup in each side. The tomato soup really went well with any meat and would refresh my taste if I felt I couldn't take more from the hot soup. Love the hot soup too! It's really hot and has enough pepper even for a pepper lover like me. The lamb shoulder that the owner recommended was super tender and  smelt great. He also recommended a nice thin steak that tastes just like rare steak if not boiled for too long. My sauce was sesame butter mixed with some other seasoning and I liked it. However the flavor of the 2 soup was so outstanding that I didn't really use my sauce much. My friends were also satisfied with their different sauces. Taro Milk Tea & Kumquat Green Tea are also good.
The only reason I dropped 1  is that my friend's drink was delayed and then mistaken for a wrong one. I'm guessing their staff team might be kinda new and we came at their busy time. But overall a very good experience. Highly recommended.
非常好吃！材料都很新鲜，量相对价格也很足。点了鸳鸯锅，选的一个番茄汤底和一个辣汤底，番茄味道跟所有肉都很搭，又很解腻，好喜欢。辣锅也很赞，超辣超麻，我是放多少花椒都不嫌多的人，都吃得很过瘾。老板推荐的羊肩肉很嫩很香，还推荐了薄切了的牛排，涮至五分熟就可以。酱料方面我点的芝麻酱，是加了其它调料调好的，味道不错，但是火锅汤本身就很好吃了以至于没顾得上蘸，最后都浪费了好多。一起去的朋友点了泰椒汁，说是超好吃，决定下次试试。饮料也不错，香芋奶茶甜度刚好，男友的金桔绿茶也很不错。
没有给五星是因为朋友的热饮迟迟没上，服务员解释说热水没有了在现烧，然而又过了很久还是没上，再次问过之后上了饮料但不是朋友点的，关键是凉的，朋友没办法凑合喝，然后再换才换对了。感觉可能店还很新，服务团队配合还不熟练吧。希望以后会更好，还会再来的。Yay! for About Hotpot! I stopped here before a movie expecting the old Pagoda Noodle House and was surprised to see it under new owner ship. Pagoda's food was ok...reliable, but I was happy to try something new. What a wonderful surprise.!!! I'm no expert but the food was delicious. A big boiling pot of broth and a selection of fresh things to cook. We had the Beijing Broth with Logan berry and jujube, with Fish balls , Shrimp, Wontons, quail eggs and Broccoli....and a couple of aromatic dipping oils. Terrific!Pros: I have to say, About Hotpot has the most authentic Sichuan Hotpot in Philly. I am from Chengdu, Sichuan, where you can find very decent Hotpot any corner in the city. With my over 20 years Hotpot experience, No doubt, about hotpot is the No. 1 in Philly. 
Cons: Servers need to get more training, be sure checking each party regularly and satisfied their needs. 
Overall, it is the best Hotpot in Philly.This place is really authentic. This is undoubtfully the best hot pot have ever had in Philadelphia. They have the freshest ingredients such as fish fillet, duck blood, hand made beef ball and everything beyond that. The price is affordable and definitely worth it. If you are seeking authentic Sichuan/chongqing hot pot this is the place!!!一进门扑鼻而来的熟悉家乡火锅味 鸭肠就是个坑又细又小又腥 作为一个重庆人来说味道在美国来说中上 麻辣牛肉超级好评吃起来一股美蛙鱼头的味道 价格五个人吃了240多不过火锅就是这个价 他们家牛肉也不错不过去的可能太晚了要什么什么没有芋头也是好评It's hard to find authentic Sichuan style hotpot in the city!
I was just missing the taste of home so I went there with my friend...it's a Sunday night and without reservation we waited about 15mins.
The drink menu was massive and they have the Chinese herbal tea王老吉(a must for Chinese hotpot) unfortunately some of the food items I wanted were sold out.
I had the half and half pot with tomato and Sichuan spicy.(not a big fan of Trellis,they do provide the option though)
I don't know why the people said the service was bad or the servers were rude.In my experience they were pretty nice,even though it was busy they still got my order corrected and water refilled.
Certainly going back! If you can't eat spicy, order the tomato broth!you won't regret it!
They also have "Chinese foods"stir fry menu!but hey it's About Hotpot overall.Very nice waiters and really awesome food! Definitely good place for authentic hotpot!really good Chinese hotspot! The meat is the most fresh meat I ever had in Philly! The price is reasonable! Definitely will come again!Quite expensive hotpot in Philly. It is a very small bowl of vegetable and meat.My friend took me here and I am impressed by the hotpot, i ate so much and after I got home I told all my family that how good it is and we definitely need to go back!Worst restaurant I have ever seen! First we faced empty table for one  hour without even a glass of water, then they missed some of our orders, and still it took ages to get the dishes. I dont know why there are reviewers giving 5 stars, friends of the owner?Worst restaurant and worst service. We waited for more than an hour, and we even did not get any water! And I didn't know why it took so long to get the raw food prepared. What's more, the food was sliced so thick that it was so hard to eat and swallow. I wish I can give them zero stars!the worst service I have ever met. I can't believe these idiots dare to open an restaurant. It sucks. waitng for an hour without water. All food was cut as thick as brickSecond time  come here，it's delicious. Especially for spicy beef. The bone soup is good. Great Just come and tryThey don't have anything that I wanted... all good items on the menu is out of stock... very disappointed... except that when you order...Do not come to this place. Very slow server. Found a bug in my food. Got very sick the next day front eating at this place. Not a very clean place.Really love hot pot at this place! The hot pot is very delicious, good service, and I loved how the menu is relatively simple- making ordering very easy even for people who have never eaten hot pot before. I'd recommend a try!
Regarding some previous comments on service, I have been here a couple times now and I agree that the service was not great before. But during the most recent visit (August 2017), the service was very nice and quick. 
Finally, a cautionary remark. The pot on the table will be very hot! I'm very clumsy and touched the pot with my arm and instantly got a burn. Just be careful if it's your first time.Authentic hotspot! Taste like the hotspot I've had in China. Try Mala beef and Angus steak, they will not disappoint you:)I can't speak for the hot pot food, but the service is horrible.  I was there Saturday night hoping to get dinner at Pagoda before going to the Ritz Five and was shocked to see what had happened to one of my favorite restaurants.  We were asked if we were there for Pagoda or hot pot as soon as we stepped in the door, and once we said Pagoda, I knew it wasn't going to be a pleasant experience.  We were seated at a high top table in the bar area, which I later realized was the "Pagoda" seating area where all diners are neglected.  The Pagoda menu we were given had more than half the menu items crossed out with sharpie.  The food we were able to order (two spring rolls, sate chicken with pan fried noodles, and general tso's chicken) took forever to come out.  We waited nearly a half hour for two spring rolls.  The portion sizes were smaller than expected.  We were lucky to get anything at all.  The drinking glasses were visibly dirty which made me not want to drink anything.  But it was just as well as it seemed impossible to get a refill.  Aside from the food taking entirely too long to come out, the service in general was nonexistent.  I attribute this to being in the Pagoda section.  The waitstaff zipped by this section countless times, not even making eye contact with us when we tried to flag someone down to get our check.  It seriously took standing in front of the cash register to get someone to acknowledge us long enough to pay the bill.  This used to be one of my favorite spots in the city, and now, I'm afraid, I won't be going back.We went here after our movie let out. The guy @ the front was not friendly and looked at us as if we shouldn't be in there. I overlooked that and we placed our order. It seemed as if we were interrupting the 'host' b/c he seemed distracted or bored. I ordered shrimp fried rice. The portion was good and the shrimp were very fresh, but I didn't like the rice. It was tasteless and mushy.  My sister enjoyed her meal. I wasn't really impressed.A very expensive but high quality hot pot experience. It was my first time seeing a nine section hot pot in the States. It was really quite stunning. Based on price, I would reserve About Hot Pot for special occasions. We paid about $150 for two people. The marbling on the wagyu beef was nothing short of perfection. I would skip the drinks as they taste very artificial.It is delicious! The taste of the hotpot is similar with our country, the Chinese style. I like it! Unfortunately, I forgot to take photoGreat authentic Chinese food. Love the painting on the wall. Staff members are super friendly. You won't be disappointed.This review pertains to a delivery order from About Hotpot, which was an incredibly frustrating and disappointing experience. My partner wanted to try this new spot so I placed an order through GrubHub, and the restaurant quickly confirmed that they had received it. After 80 minutes of waiting, I received a call from a GrubHub driver who said they had arrived at the restaurant to pick up the food, however the restaurant staff said that they weren't even accepting GrubHub orders. When I called the restaurant, the girl who answered said they were too busy for my order and hadn't even stayed preparing food, despite confirming everything over an hour beforehand. When I asked to speak to a manager, she actually told me that the manager was refusing to take the call. I was told that they would "see" about issuing me a refund but that they wouldn't have time for my order. I did end up getting my money back, but this was hands down one of the worst customer service experiences I've ever had. I definitely will never attempt to give them my business again.Do not come on weekends for dinner! I waited more than 20 minutes to get my water. The waiter told me to wait 10 more minutes to order food because they were too busy. Anyway, the flavor of Hotpot was good. But the service was bad.I'm from Chongqing and have been searching hot pot restaurants where smells and tastes similar with  my hometown. Now I find About Hotpot, and will come back oftVery friendly and hospitable server, Reasonably priced menu and really authentic hot pot. Nice and clean restaurant. Good for family and friends gathering in cold days :) Would definitely visit again in the future!Best HOTPOT in Philly. Beat all others. Best meat quality in the town. Not cheap but it worth it for sure.Flavor is authentic, price is very reasonable given in old city~ would go back again if craving for hotpotThis is my favorite Hotpot！nice atmosphere and warm light. It smelled so good when I first stepped in the door that almost make me feel I'm in china. The food is very fresh and the staff are very friendly. The fresh hand cut filet mignon is soooo good. The lamb spine is also great and fresh. I would definitely recommend it to my friends.Honestly everything here is AWESOME LOL. EVERYTHING soup, pot, fatty beef pot, quality of beef, sauce, utensils, bowls, anything you ever order. 
Some people complain about service, but I've never had a bad experience, its a Chinese restaurant I'd say its on the side of good service for a Chinese/ hotpot place.
Downside, expensive AF. This place isn't at all worth it if you aren't a hotpot obsessed person. 2 people here has always been over $100 (not counting wagyu  ect)
Every time I get the bill I laugh like HAHA WTF there must be a mistake, wait no.. im at about hotpot. I honestly complain but then... I keep coming back because it is the best hotpot in philly for sure no competition IF you dis regard price...i went here because the yelp ad and they were really mean to me and i had to wait forever for the food and the staff was rude and the food was not good and the prices were ridiculous (not what the menu said), and they double charged my credit card (they don't take CHECKS) and wouldn't refund the money they STOLE from me so this is it then, this is the reason i gave ONE STAR: BAD SERVICE, BAD FOOD, YELP AD.I've been to Szechuan many many times. And this is DEFINITELY most authentic Hotpot in the greater Philly area! Forget about Chinatown style Hotpot.This is the BEST EVER!!!!! Very authentic!!!! I tried all other differ places from Delaware to New York, this is still the best!Normally I don't leave comments unless a restaurant really failed my expectations. But this one is really different, the food here made me want to write a fair comment just to give people around a more subjective opinion about this restaurant. 
First things first, the food here is definitely the most authentic chongqing hotpot I have ever had in US, and don't doubt me I've visited more than 20 hotpot restaurants around the nation for total of more than hundreds times and I have been living in the states for almost ten years. Not only the most authentic, I think it's the most delicious as well. The only hotpot spot that I think can be compared is in LA named Shanchenglameizi, but I didn't leave a word even for that one. The spicy hotpot here not only gives you a full strength of spicy you want just like what it tastes like back home in China, it also has that aroma of well prepared broth that no other hotpot place could ever reach. However I totally understand that some people might say they don't like this whatever I say and the price is too high, but always remember that there is no single dish that everyone likes. There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes. You gotta try yourself to really see if you like it. 
Another thing that I really want to say is the price. Ain't high at all. Period. You pay for what you get, it's like shopping at wholefood. If you don't think your body and taste deserve fresh food and fresh taste, you don't have to shop at wholefood. The price exactly matches the freshness and the quality of the food they use. 
The last thing I really want to say before wrap up is that, I myself a random chemistry student who wants to open a restaurant in the future, would really want to see people show more kindness when they comment on a restaurant when it's at its beginning. Nobody do things perfect unless you give them a chance. 
I hope what I wrote at least help someone. Thanks.Food doesn't deserve the price!!!!
Ingredients aren't fresh.
There are only SIX pieces frozen tofu per serve, incredible!!!I saw the deals of the combo for two $66. It includes 5 types of meat (little among for each) and some veggies. Which we still have to order extra foods. The taste of the hotpot soup base is good. But the service is not good at all. I saw this combo deal in a media which it says that I ONLY have to show the deals to the stuff and share it in media. However, the staff told me that I MUST share the deals and MUST leave a five stars in yelp in order to get this deal. Lol I haven't even start my food yet and want me give them a five star, they just use this deals to increase the rating in yelp since their rating was not high.  THEY ARE USING THIS DEALS TO FORCE PEOPLE TO WIRTE FAKE COMMENTS!!!!! 
After I leave a five star, write few words the staff come check it and say is not ok due to there is not enough "words" and make me rewrite it over and MUST leave a good comments. Finally, the bill come out to be $93 dollars including 20% tips is $112. This AMOUNT is same price as I order single items!! Which I can choose whatever foods I want!  normally for this hotpot place I will give 4 star but the services is not good at all. I can't even enjoy my foods!!This Hotpot's taste and service like 3 star Michelin Hotpot! It's like the best Hotpot you can only find in Hotpot's hometown, you have to come check this out! And the price is very affordable!Best hot pot in Philadelphia. Fresh meat and tasty sauce. If you love hot pot, this is a must-go. Highly recommend.The one star is only for the taste of it's hot pot, which is quite good and authentic. 
However, the service is very slow and unprofessional. Waiters cant really give you any answers to your questions because they don't even know the answers. Also, you have to keep looking for waiters then wait for them to deliver your food or drinks. We spent approx. 2 hours in the restaurant for dinner last night, no waiter checked with us to see if we are happy with the food. 
The price is definitely very high given the small portion of food. 8 slices of thin cut beef for $6.99, vegetables are placed in a small bowl. For two people having hot pot, you are looking to spend around $100 after tip. 
This restaurant has only opened for 2 months so far, but the chopsticks and bowls for dipping source look like millions of people have used them. 
Will not go back :(It's a nice place with good service and quality food. I wanted to give 3 1/2 stars but I'll round it up cause it wasn't there fault. I want late probably around 8:30pm and most of the items I wanted to order was sold out, maybe 6 out of 10. But over all I'll still recommend this place for a more authentic hotpot place in the city.good，the meat and vegetables are very fresh and nice. Will be here again. The house made spicy broth with beef fat soup is perfectThis place is definitely one of my favorite hot pot restaurants of all time. Both the service and the quality of the ingredients are great, and I really loved the flavorful soup base as well as all the ingredients (which were very fresh). Our server's nickname was Bittermelon and he was super attentive to all of our requests. Not only did he bring out everything in a timely manner he also checked on us often to see if we needed anything and made sure that our soup was always full. Tbh I'm pretty surprised at the average rating and I would definitely say this place is underrated! Authentic food, awesome service, and a great overall ambiance. Would recommend!This restaurant was recommended by my friend. I decide to give a try at a Thursday night. I was surprised by the taste，Specialties include special curing beef and delicious shrimp paste,prefect taste experience!The best hotpot in the US! I always get half and half soup, spicy beef, shrimp paste, fatty beef, beef stomach, enoki mushroom, wide noodle with jasmin milk tea!This poor restaurant isn't in the best location. I think it'd make a great episode of Kitchen Nightmares. 
The lycee drink i ordered was a powder mix with too much water and very little powder. The fried shrimp dumplings and vegetable spring roll were greasy and unappealing. Most of the wait staff never looked up from their phones. 
I feel sorry for this place.This is definitely the best hot pot in philly! Authentic Szechuan style.Still searching for a good (not Japanese, there are plenty) Asian restaurant....
Decided to try this little hotpot on a Wednesday night..as usually, we eat late but the waitress was extremely friendly and let us sit ~1h before closing time, even if the restaurant was empty.
Definitely one big PRO for this restaurant. Unfortunately the list of CONS is a bit longer....
They were out of the best cut of meats but we were late...
We ordered the ribeye and a bunch of veggies with the Sudoku spicy szechuan soup.
The idea is great, 9 different sections to cook your food, the execution not so great, with the smaller section not getting to boiling temperature (or to be more precise, with 8/9 section not getting to boiling temperature) thus coating the food with the oil, not cooking it in boiling soup.
The meat and the veggies were ok, not the best quality.
What was not ok was the bill at the end of the night.....70$ before tip for 2 person without drinks was definitely too expensive for the experience and the quality of the food. Several great sushi restaurant in Old City are cheaper than this!!! 
We are talking 16$ for the pot of soup....and 4-5$ for each little vegetable (Napa cabbage and bokchoy, not very expensive to start with...).
Will definitely not go back.....This restaurant is really bad!!!!! Expensive!!! You can not even have enough food with high price, don't come here.This is my favorite hotpot in Philadelphia! It is real Sichuan hotpot! The food here is very fresh! I will come here again!I like Hotpot! It is good for group of people! Eating Hotpot in winter is the best. Also like the drink.Worst place ever for hotpot, low quality food, i dont even get why people go here when you can get better choices at a better place. For 50 dollars at this place you can get 1 soup base, 1 choice of meat, 1 taro, 1 tofu skin, one choice of vegy, and 1 pumpkin. It sucks, no one gets full here unless you spend about 100 bucks, i rather go to chubby cattle or nine ting. Don't this place know theres competitors?This used to be my must-go spot for authentic sichuan hotpot but not any more. THIS FRIED PORK IS DEFENITELY NOT FRIED FOR THE FIRST TIME. IT IS EITHER RE-HEATED OR RE-FRIED. It's still good but it does not live up to what a first-time fried pork should taste like. If a restaurant begin to lose quality control in its signature dishes, then my trust in its food is gone. BYE BYE my favorite hotpot in philly.Except for they don't serve chopped coriander and charge $2 per sauce dipping, everything is good. Cuz traditional Chongqing hotPot must serve chopped coriander. Meats are better than other hotpot place, they don't mix flour to the shrimp paste. The butter broth smells so so so good.really bad customer service, seems racist to me ，we went in as a group of four, didnt greet us what so ever, i can careless cause they were busy at tgar time, and say its gonna be half hour wait, alright cool, and this white lady came in, they were nice af to her, this is where they piss us off, after the lady came im we once again ask how much longer the wait was gonna be, they act if we was really annoying， so i slam they menu on the table and leftBest hotpot around Philly! Went there 1000 times! Food is authentic and the service is also great. If you pay cash you got 10% off.I have walked by this place a couple times and was intrigued by the huge steamy bowls I saw through the window. I decided to give it a try with friends when we were waiting forever to go to a more popular place. We only had to wait about 5-10 minutes for a table. it was pretty packed. We sat down and they handed us menus. I was confused because I saw all these people with big bowls of steamy broth and they had all these plates of things they were dipping in it and the menu didn't reflect what I was seeing. Anyway, I asked about it and they got us the hot pot menu. They probably took one look at us and figured we didn't know what we were doing... and we didn't!!! I've never had hot pot before. Didn't even know what it was. Anyway the waitress was adorable and very helpful. She asked if we had had it before and explained things to us. Warned us that the szechuan broth was very, very spicy and complimented us on our spontaneity of trying something new. 
She wasn't kidding- the Szechuan broth was incredibly spicy. It makes your tongue numb in the best way. We got a split bowl of 2 broths, the other broth I can't remember what it was called, but it was the last one on the list. Both broths were fantastic in their own way. 
We got pea shoots, thin sliced beef, shrimp, fish balls, sweet potatoes and I can't remember if there was more. Anyway we loved it. It was so much fun. My friends and I had a great time. It's an event to have hotpot. It's not a quick meal. It's a social thing, so bring friends!
I'd like to say the restaurant is very comfortable. It has 2 floors and the second floor overlooks the first. There is a huge mural on the wall that is super cute. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. At times, they seemed a little flustered, but it was a very, very busy night. I didn't mind one bit because I was having fun with my friends. 
I will be back for sure!Best AUTHENTIC HOTPOT in Philly. Beat all others. Best meat quality in the town. You got what you pay for! It worth it for sure.This place seems to be decently popular with visitors to this part of town. My experience with this location dates to its days as the former Pagoda Noodle House, which was a neighborhood standby with noodle soups and Chinese entrees for takeout and dining-in, usually before catching a movie at the theater next door. It had a niche market for noodles and takeout in Old City, for simple food that is not of the calibur of its neighbor Han Dynasty.
I am a bit confused about this place now, and not only about the strange name that may be self-explanatory in Chinese, but doesn't translate into anything interesting in English to recommend it. Now that this place has undergone the transformation to "hot pot wonderland" -- seriously, call yourself Hot Pot Wonderland, Hot Pot Shangri-La, or Exploding Rainbow of Hot Pot, or at least something interesting. Possibly as a result of the new name, the clientele is 99% Chinese and 1% confused lost person. I have had plenty of hot pot in my life. I understand what it is supposed to be: an interactive meal and social experience for friends or couples. Chinese hot pot is generally a group or dinner-date meal, and depending on quality, not cheap. To this place's credit, there were customers here even on a weekday afternoon, presumably tourists or students, who are affluent Chinese visitors with a lot of cash to spare. The presentation of raw pot ingredients looked pretty tasty, but sadly, I did not have time to devote to a hot pot meal.
When I went here, I am sad to report that I was the 1% confused lost person. I was disappointed there were not other items on the menu for people who want a light lunch or a meal in the neighborhood, or quick takeout. The menu is limited. I went here recently and had a dumpling noodle soup. Noodle soups, I realize, are minimalist dishes, or in the worldview of the new owners of this restaurant, food for poor people who don't want to spend any money. As one would expect, we were served basic egg noodles, a small amount of dumplings, and a few basic pieces of Napa cabbage thrown into a chicken broth. We were served appetizers with a goopy blob of mustard and duck sauce that looked like it was extracted by hand from plastic packets into mixed congealed lumps on a single saucer. In other words, "What do you think this is, big nose, a Panda Express?"  I mean, give me some credit. I didn't come here looking for a bacon ranch cheeseburger or a Wawa Gobbler and a bottomless Coke. Sadly, the "noodle house" and formerly expansive menu of Pagoda is no more.
Service is bare-bones, the place is covered in a sticky film that suggests repeated hot pot explosion. Stingy as they are, they don't even have condiments on the table, probably because someone would have to put effort into cleaning things. I understand the laidback vibe of waitstaff in casual dress, but frankly, the half-asleep staff were dressed in running pants and gym clothes and looked like they just got up off a couch at a frat house and had baijiu hooch hangovers. Do they live in the restaurant? Service was slow and indifferent.
For others in the area thinking about this place, just know that the attitude is basically, "Come in, stfu please, order lots of hot pot, spend lots of your money, or don't bother and don't come back!"The base is not as good as before. The meat is mediocre. The price is high, usually 100 for two.Long story short: 
Food was okay, 
Slow service - we were still waiting for our drinks when appetizers were served, and we were still waiting for the broth when all of our dishes were served‍‍‍
When we ordered a new round of drinks, we were told they ran out of cups so the waitress poured the new drinks into our used cups‍‍‍‍‍
Just when we were pissed and started talking about tipping, guess what? We noticed that 18% of gratuity is already included in the bill, and yet it still requests tips below where it asks for your signature, sneaky, right?Much more expensive than peers. Service is non existent. Everything is covered by a thick layer of oil.As a crazy fan of hotpot, I can tell About Hotpot is the best hotpot in Philly...Well, if you're an local American, you should give it a try.Best hot pot spot in Philly! 35 dollars per person and you'd be stuffed. The cheaper beef that's half the amount of wagyu is only different if you order the wagyu and compare it but other than that, it's delicious! Their selection is great - loved their fried pork appetizer.
Overall super positive experience - this place will probably become our go-to spot for hot pot from now on. Sorry little sheep :(The food doesn't taste great, and we got sick after eating it, I hope they're not using old soup bc there was white foam that appeared before we put anything into the pot.I think it's a best place to go if you like spicy hotpot, food is really good and delicious. I appreciate all the nice and friendly waiters. Really like the hotpot here.Visit at least twice a month. Best place to have authentic Chinese Hotpot in the Philadelphia area.Best hotpot in the city, they have the best taste. Must try the goat spine hot pot, so delicious!It's very delicious! The most wonderful hotpot restaurant of Philadelphia! The waiter is very nice, and helpful. There are many flavor you can choose here, no matter if you are a fan of spicy food or not!My wife and I stopped by this restaurant on our way to the movie and she ordered general Tso's chicken and I ordered the noodles with shrimp dumpling soup. The restaurant is adjacent to the Ritz east movie theater and it's very convenient. The chicken was all white meat chicken breast, deep fried, lightly breaded and delicious. The service was quick, efficient and friendly. The soup broth needed a little more flavor but the noodles and the dumplings were delicious.My first time in the old city area and first restaurant that I pick to try out. I was told that it was just opened few days ago and is still in the stage to fine tuning how to improve the service to meet customer's need. we order the hotpot with little knowledge about the hotpot. we were not disappointed, they explained to us how to prepare the foods. However, as more and more customers came into the store (around 7pm), it was clear that they probable needed more help on the floor. but they did try their best to keep up the demands/requests from various customers. I saw the potential there (well prepared clean and fresh foods) and is willing to try again.I think it's the best hot pot in Philly! Delicious and the beef is tasty. The drink is good as well! I will try it again.Its very tasty!!! Great coupon!!! Definitely will try again!!! If you want to try something which is authentic Chinese food, you should definitely come About Hotpot!!!Have the most authentic szechan hot pot in philly a must try if you are a hot pot fan.Wow...it was not a good day for this restaurant
We stopped in before a movie at the Ritz and it was not good.  The duck looked like it was cut on a band saw and the meat was hard to pull away from between all the bones.  The broth was watery and smelled rather nasty.  The chicken lo mein had very heavy, sticky noodles, very little taste and the chicken was greasy - not fresh.  The spring roll was good and I ate that, no problem.  I felt very bad for the waiter since he was kind and attentive.  We didn't want to hurt his feelings so we left with most of our food un-eaten.  We told him we were going to a movie so we didn't want to take our left-overs.  It was rather sad.Best hotpot in Philly.  Came here two weekends in a row.  Their wagyu beef is so soft and melting.  King snow crab is super sweet too.   I especially love their tofu skin.  But do plan better as we ordered too much each time and had food left uncooked.