I hate to take a star away from my favorite resturant, but they are way to slow!!!! The food is excellent. I always get the Yebeg Wot, which is the lamb. It is delicious, but sometimes they dont give you enough meat. But everyday I crave this dish!!1I have loved Abyssinia since 2000. Yes, the service is slow, and always has been. No, I don't understand why they don't fix it. I don't care. When we go, we go in the right frame of mind, ready for a slowly paced dinner. We go at 5pm, and few tables are sat yet. We play 20 questions. We sip drinks. The waitresses are nice, if harried. We've gotten to know them and they know us. 
The food is always magnificent. I like Dahlak, and the smaller joints on 45th st and Chestnut st, but dish for dish, Abyssinia rules them all for flavor, and portion too. 
The lamb and chicken dishes are mostly on the bone, which I feel is better than boneless cubes. The berbere is fiery and more complex than elsewhere. The various legumes are always perfect. The kitfo... I think an Ethiopian restaurant is best judged on its kitfo, and here it is perfect, served raw. 
I no longer live in W. Philly, but every time I'm near, I take out a large order. All hail to Abyssinia, proudly pissing off hurried, unforewarned diners for two decades, but worth it!Good food and great prices. The service was crazy-slow and we had to correct her on drinks a few times. Not much in terms of atmosphere (Dahlak's better for that), but the food was good. Great to bring a few people and split platters.
Had a good laugh over the beverage menu that called Yellow Tail "Yellow Fail." I think that's my new name for it. :)Went here with a group, and found a nice, laid-back atmosphere. The best misir wat I've had!The food is great- I've been here many times! They get 5 stars on that. Their servers are friendly. The bathroom options aren't great and paying can be a little slow but overall this remains my go-to Ethiopian spot and we often times bring out-of-town friends at least once during their visits. The prices are also very reasonable.I am so sorry I have to do this.  Abyssinia is a WONDERFUL restaurant.  I love the food.  But please DON'T EAT THE RAW BEEF!  This is the second time I have done so.  24 hours later I am on the toilet with violent Exorcist diarrhea.  Just say no to the raw beef.  It ain't sushi, at least not here at any rate.It's a little out of the way for me from Center City, but I sometime get a chance to make the trek over for yummy vegan Ethopian food. I have always gotten take-out. The vegetarian combo is awesome. Try it!My boyfriend and I decided to try this place a few days ago as neither of us had ever had Ethiopian fare, and we were looking for something new! The woman who played both host and server was great! She was attentive and friendly. We ordered the meat and veggie combos to get a taste of everything. The food came out quickly, maybe because we were the only table there at the time. It was delicious and affordable. I will definitely go back again. Plus, who doesn't love eating with their hands!!Very good and fresh. Those who don't know why there are no forks and knives, it's because you eat with your hands. So bring some wipes and dig in. ALSO, it takes a LONG time to get your food. A lot of people already mentioned this in their reviews. It's worth it, and the portions are massive. 
Overall you get a great sense of the culture through their food. So get adventurous and make it down here.Ate here again last night. The food was great and the communal aspect of eating from the same humongous dish (see pic) with only bread and hands is really enjoyable. Ethiopians are cool (and f-you to the snooty hipster outside smoking who could even acknowledge my simplest of questions).While passing through Philly, I stopped by this place to try the highly rated atmosphere. I grew up in Ethiopia and cook Ethiopian cuisine very well, so my expectations were very high to this restaurant. 
The restaurant feels like an old funeral home in a third world country. The building is falling apart. The chairs are worn out, broken and tables are not stable. The curtains and table clothes have not been washed in a long time. You can spot food stains as well as dirt. Old carpet, peeling wall papers and unclean restrooms. I am surprised that the Department of Health has not cited this restaurant. This place would not make it in NYC or SF. 
Major food ingredients are of very cheap quality. The chicken legs were not cleaned properly. Food lacked basic and appropriate spices. No garlic or ginger. The salad, lentils and stew dishes did not taste fresh. Again, I am impressed how this place continued to sell substandard quality 'authentic' food. 
Plastic cups and plates to serve drinks and foods detract from the experience. 
Never again. If you had similar experiences, please call the Department of Health to report this restaurant. The place is a public health hazard.Of all of the Ethiopian places in West Philly, Abyssinia is far and away my favorite.  When friends come to visit, when I'm having a rough day, or for late-night food (the kitchen is open until midnight), Abyssinia is the best.  
My advice is to order a combo (meat or vegetarian, depending on your company) for one fewer person than the number of people in your party (so for a party of three, order the combo for 2) and then pick one entrée to go with it.  No matter how hungry you or your party is, it always ends up being the perfect amount of food, and you get a great amount of variety.  Plus it gets served on one big plate so everyone gets to share.  I have always had great food experiences, the portions are the best of the restaurants I've tried in West Philly, and while the decor is a little tired, I would rather keep with the very affordable prices!
Don't forget to check out Fiumé upstairs (side note: you can get a table upstairs and they'll bring the food up to you)!We went here a few times with the recommendation of a coworker (who preferred Abyssinia over the other restaurant Dahlak).
The main dining room was big, and the tables were scattered. Instead of the traditional baskets, there were regular chairs and tables. The lighting is dim and sets a nice ambiance. The menu is  vegetarian-friendly and meateater-friendly. 
We ordered a few veggie entrees, a beef entree, a lamb entree, and the spicy chicken entree (doro wot) to split between 3 of us. We regretted not ordering an appetizer as it took quite a while for the entrees to come out. When it came out, it was on a very large plate and took up almost the entire table. Extra plates with Injera bread was given too. All of the dishes were very tasty and the meat selections were tender as well. I really like the doro wot as it had a nice kick to it, though the hardboiled egg that came with it is hard to split. We were very full and content and there was still food unfinished.
There is one lady working the floor. She is the hostess, the order taker, and the server. So when there are quite a few tables, service is quite slower. It was hard getting water refills sometimes.
I would have given it a 5/5 if service was better. But 4 will suffice. There is also a bar area where people were drinking, eating, and watching tv at.
Street parking can be a pain. One time we parked 1/2 a block away, another time 4 blocks away.I much prefer Abyssinia to Dahlak (perhaps also due to being a block's walk from my house) - the staff is great, the food is prepared more carefully i think than the other Ethiopian spots.  The atmosphere is perhaps not as warm as previous posters have mentioned of Dahlak, but the pros outweigh the cons.  
The vegetarian platter is delicious, and surprisingly filling for two people.I love this place. It doesn't look like much when you walk in but just trust me and the other yelpers, the food is great. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. Price is great too - you can get a filling meal for $15, easily. Be prepared for slow service, but it's definitely worth it. Also be prepared to eat with your hands!This restaurant is great! First off, the service is SUPER SLOW. However, I think that's part of the ambience (and maybe it's a cultural thing?). If you know that going in, I'm sure you'll enjoy. 
The food is to die for. I've never been to Ethiopia, so I can't technically vouch for it's authenticity, but it compares to other restaurants that I've tried and heard are quite authentic. Flavorful, spicy where it should be. 
This is a really fun place to come in groups. You order a few different items off the menu and it comes out on a couple of giant platters on top of the most delicious injera (perfectly spongey and tangy). Everyone goes at it with their hands! 
The vegetarian combo is such a good mix of items. We also ordered one of the meat combos, though I can't remember which one (we stayed away from the raw meat though). It was delicious too. 
This restaurant didn't leave me with the cleanest feeling (bathrooms, the bar area, etc.) but other than that and the slow service, the food was really on point.Yedora Tibs every time. At least once a month, take out... dine in ...either way. I've tried other items on the menu and they are all great but the yedora tibs is by far my favorite meal. This place is amazing, the service is good but slow ... but that only makes the meal more enticing. I love this place. Head upstairs to the bar on Thursdays for some great bluegrass! Additionally it's super cheap!When compared to other Ethiopian places in the city, it does not stand out. The service is ridiculously slow and for the food not being that exceptional, hurts them a lot :(Food is great but be prepared to spend 3 hours from when you walk in the door to when you try to pay leave. Yes I mean try to pay; short staffed and slow serviceI wasn't quite sure what to expect from Abyssinia.  I've had Ethiopian food before and it was good, but nothing to rave about.  However, this hidden treasure in West Philly is worth the trip!
Why all the complaints about wait times and service?  Visiting on a Saturday evening, and being warned that they "would take forever", my service expectations might have been lowered, but our time from ordering to food arriving on our table was more than reasonable for freshly prepared food.
Alright, with that out of the way, I can speak of the delicious eats.  The meat combination is the way to go.  Three different types of meat (beef, lamb, chicken), two veggies, and a small salad all for you to eat without a fork!  Don't worry, the injera serves as an edible fork substitute.  Everything was perfectly spiced, bringing just the right level of flavor and 'heat' to the dish.  And the portions-price ratio make it a steal.  Only $14 to fill me up!
In summary, worth the wait (if you happen to experience one), but be mindful that your hands will get dirty =PThe food here is good the only  problems I have is the food is overpriced, and the service is poor and a long wait time.I was really skeptical about this place. I entered from the bar side and I didn't see many people.... just old guys drinking at the bar & some shady tables. But when we went in I saw their was a seperate room for dining. I got the lamb stew. I have been dreaming about it ALLLLLLLLLLLL day. Its all i want right now.
Service was a little slow that is what I am deducting a star. But the food was banging.I love trying Ethiopian food in different cities.  I was surprised to easily find 4 Ethiopian restaurants within a few blocks of each other in Philly.  Two restaurants were nearly side by side!  With that level of competition, my expectations were high.
Abyssinian is a clean, simple, fairly spacious restaurant.  Our food was very good.  Once we placed our order, the food came out quickly;  placing the order was the problem.  One member of the wait staff was particularly attentive & helpful, but she unfortunately was not our waitress!  Our waitress seemed very confused by our order request, & I had to leave the table twice to go find her.  She was not very attentive at all.
I would try the restaurant again when I'm in town, as long as I could chose my server.  I would recommend the restaurant to others.I've eaten at Ethiopian restaurants in NY and DC and the food at Abyssinia is comparable to some of the best authentic places. The injera is a nice dark brown, not Wonder bread white injera like some places that cater more to foreigners. My favorite meat dishes are kitfo lublub and Yebeg tibs, and both were excellent. I prefer 'beg tibs a little more crispy with the onions caramelized, but it was still very flavorful. I also asked for my favorite veggie dishes and was given a sample of each: shiro, kik alitcha, gomen, and tikkil gomen--all were great. I got there before 6, so I didn't sit in the dining room but by the bar. The crowd of older Ethiopian men hanging out by the bar watching Ethiopian videos on TV added to the experience and signaled to me this is favored by Ethiopians themselves.Obviously the food here is authentic and delicious.  However, make sure you aren't hungry when you get there because the service is beyond slow.  Eat dinner first, then once the food arrives you'll be hungry again.  Just sayin'!First time here...won't go back. Terrible service, obnoxious attitude and not the best Ethiopian food by a long shot. 
We were upstairs having drinks at Flume and my friend and I each ordered a $12 meat platter to pick at and share with our beer.  Other three friends at our table were just drinking beer. The waitress decided to serve all five of us at the table one big platter then charge us $61 as if we had each ordered one platter. Surprised, but maybe an accident? Don't think so but benefit of the doubt and all that....except when we told her we only ordered two, the woman gave major attitude. 
We were having a good time so laughed about it and brushed it off.  Then we tried the food platter which included four drumsticks spread between four meager piles of tough meat that was mostly gristle and some small piles of collard greens. A few pieces of lettuce with three tomatoes on top was in the center. The Injera was eh, so-so. Not really tasty or filling, certainly not for $61.  
The rudeness began when my friend asked for a napkin and silverware, not because she's too fancy but because she's a major germ-a-phobe and likes to use a fork, even for fried chicken.   The waitress did the snarky, eye-roll and said they didn't have silverware, only spoons. My friend said yes, please to a spoon. The waitress gave her another mean look, made a loud clucking noise and walked away, never to come back again. After 10 minutes with no napkins or spoon, the other friend went to find the waitress.  She gave him an attitude and sent him off with three napkins and two spoons. She charged us for five people but only three get napkins?
Anyway, I disagree with the guy whose review said this is the perfect place to bring a date, if my date brought me here, he'd only get one date.  Could be why he's still single.  One bright note: the Flume bar upstairs is quaint, intimate and lovely with an impressive beer list and a friendly bartender who is actually happy you are there spending money at his place. NO wine by the glass though so be warned, you non-beer drinking folk.Best Ethiopian food in the neighborhood . Service can be a bit slow but it's worth it for the delicious food that eventually appears!Maybe it was the nostalgia of walking through the first Philadelphia neighborhood I called home. Or maybe it was the fact that I had forgotten just how good the food is. But I can't walk away from my recent visit leaving a three star review in my wake.
Nothing about the interior has changed. I still feel like I might fall through the stairs on my way up to the bathroom. The downstairs bar is as no frills as it gets. The molding on the walls shows which direction the house has settled over the years, and the furniture and wall art looks worn around the edges. The prices are still absurdly low. With all the new shiny restaurants popping up all over Philly, Abyssinia brings more charm than ever.
I must have been there on an off night because the staff was pleasant and smiling. Even if they weren't, I would still upgrade my review. And I look forward to coming back the next time I'm reminiscing in the neighborhood.I have been to this restaurant numerous times.  The food is delicious and totally addicting.  The menu is much more extensive than almost all the other Ethiopian restaurants in West Philly.  The food always seems like it has been stewed for hours in an array of spices.  I have been known to inhale the food so fast that I get hiccups.  I have only found one Ethiopian place better than Abyssinia and that is Ethio Cafe.  Although it is a close race, I suspect (only going by my feelings) that there is a bit of msg in the food here.
     Some random strange facts that I picked up about this place over the years:
1.  The injera strangely enough is a lot more sour after being reheated.  
2.  There is a bar upstairs next to the bathroom in addition to the downstairs one near the front door.
3.  The waitresses are always nice and seem to be moving faster than they used to and a little faster than most other Ethiopian restaurants.Their food was kinda.....icky. She refused to give my boyfriend a fork saying use his spongy bread to eat his lamb and whatever else was on his bread...the silverware was dirty...they should wipe down the walls sometimes and clean a little. the bathroom was gross too. She was nice the waitress just not somewhere I would go again.The food is alright and being an avid diner and a die hard fan of Ethiopian food, I convinced myself to come here a third time despite the WORSE THAN TERRIBLE service. Waited 25 minutes for even a glass of water to come out after three reminders. There was no sign of the coffee or the food we ordered until much later. Mixed up the wine order and the waitresses are full of attitude. You can never find a smile on their face to expect the least. They don't deserve a fourth chance, never again!The music I heard here was amazing.  It was a Gypsy Jazz group and the music was unbelievable.  My only regret is that I do not know the name of the group.  
One of the best beer selections around at reasonable prices.  Service and other customers are all very friendly and the food is delicious as well.As others have noted, the atmosphere is shabby, the service is relaxed to a fault and the restrooms are to be avoided. But the food is amazing - delicious, plentiful and inexpensive!The food was pretty bland. I had the veggie combo and nothing really stood out except one stewed carrot that was delicious. The service was so slow too.Time for me to check out some Ethiopian food in West Philly, so I came here with my buddy and his girlfriend on Friday night.
As I have never had Ethiopian food before, I deferred to them on ordering.  I did make sure to try out the manjo juice, and that was pretty tasty.
We had a large plate brought over with a thin wafer like dough.  You then have different meats poured onto it, and use pieces of the thin wafer to scoop up some of the meat (just watch out for the bones!).  Additionally, you can eat the bread that is underneath the meat, as it has soaked up the additional juices-it was a tasty treat in the end.
A few notes-come around 7pm and you can get a table. By 8pm, the place was full.  The ambience is interesting, as it has a home style environment. The room is intimate and feels like you are apart of a large extended dining room. They also have a bar too.  Prices aren't bad, and you certainly get enough of a serving size-especially if you go family style.
Overall, another hidden gem in West Philly that I just discoveredAbyssinia is a nice, reasonably-priced Ethiopian restaurant. The place is clean, lit just dimly enough to not be dingy, and is quiet enough to allow a pleasant over-dinner conversation. The food is fantastic! My friends got the platters so that they could sample multiple options and I got the 'Doro Wot' - a spicy chicken which tasted a lot like chicken cooked Indian-style - and all of us loved our food.
The service is friendly, but very slow. If you're ravenous, the abyss-in-your stomach is going to remain with you a while, and your food is likely to arrive just about when you've managed to gnaw through your side of the table. But if you'd like to spend an hour (or more) on dinner and enjoy some great food, it's a good choice.Abyssinia is an old school Ethiopian restaurant in west philly, one that has survived some changes in the area that continue to make it more and more a college neighborhood. But this place remains an ethnic middle class eatery.
On the upside: it's inexpensive, the food is varied and flavorful, you can usually get a table and its friendly. 
We ate the vegetarian combo platter and enjoyed every mouthful. I'm not a vegetarian kind of guy by nature, except in India where the veg food is to die for. However the food here comes for two on a single plate on this big Ethiopian bread thing, so since my sweetheart doesn't eat poultry or red meat we went veggie. A couple of beers and sampling 6 dishes for two came to $30, which is tough to beat. 
You can sit at traditional low Ethiopian wicker tables or at basic kitchen style tables. The decor is a little tired, but this isn't center city!
On the downside the service is relaxed which if you are in a rush could drive you nuts. There is a bar where you can sit and have a pre dinner drink with  one or two other folks. But I wouldn't hang there, it only ever seems to have one or two Ethiopian ex-pats listening to loud African music and watching soccer on an old tv. 
Why 4 stars? Because the real reason you come here, the only reason in fact, is to put in some good ballast before you go upstairs to Fiume . . .This place is just overrated. Abyssinia really pulls it in with the Penn kids taking their parents to eat here, but the management clearly doesn't spend any money on the place or the staff. The moulding and fixtures look like they were installed by 5th graders. The walls are filthy and they have a ratty old AC running in the corner. I can't imagine what the kitchen looks like. While this kind of urban grittiness is what makes Fiume so charming, it just makes Abyssinia gross. We have to eat this stuff man.
The service is pretty slow although they are polite enough.
The food is decent but not really up to what you'd expect from being located near one of the biggest East African neighborhoods in the US.
With the Green Line having spent thousands on the place across the street, it is time for Abyssinia to step it up by hiring more staff and renovating the interior.This is my favorite Ethiopian restaurant of the many in the area. The injera bread is exceptional. The portions are generous. The service is always friendly.Try again for shiro/silsi fitfit, qemem tea, ful. And don't make any appts prior, service comes with a smile but at a snails space.The food gets 4 stars. 
The experience gets -3 stars.
I'm averaging it out to 1 star.
So the service is always slow here. If you look at the Zagat review for Abyssinia it actually says they have poor service. AND THEY HAVE THE BALLS TO HANG THAT UP ON THE WALL IN THE DINING ROOM. I shit you not. If you eat there you'll see a zagat review that says basically: food = good. Service = bad.
BELOW IS WHY I'M NEVER GOING BACK
Well, if you ever go with a coupon they try to get you to not use it and that's why I'm never going back. I brought a $25 coupon I purchased off of allmenus.com for $12.50. When I got there they said I wasn't allowed to use it. I explained that they can't do that and I would walk out and not pay then. So they said it's ok and I could use it and gave me a new bill with $27 WORTH OF EXTRA STUFF I NEVER BOUGHT ON IT. I said they gave me the wrong bill and then the owner came out and said that I had to pay that bill. i said he was out of his mind if he thought that could ever work. The owner called the number on the coupon to verify it was real and after he verified it was in fact legit, he said he decided he WAS still not going to honor it and just give me $12.50 off of my bill. I said either they give $25 off OR I walk out and pay nothing. FINAL THREAT. They decided to give me $25 off. 
Fuck that shit dawg.Worth the trip. Those are the most important words. Aside from that, it's a neat little neighborhood restaurant that offers really good food. Looking at a previous review that stated some people get the runs, well, if you haven't the constitution for Ethiopian food - eat at McDonald's [on better thought, don't - you'll still get the runs]. My only complaint with Abyssinia is that the staff can be like an old 1970's Cutlass - slow and unresponsive but the place is so roomy and comfortable, you don't mind as much. Prices are reasonable and portions will leave you FULL. But be aware, this place can be packed from time to time so make sure you park your Cutlass within walking distance as there's no where to sit in the bar area.I took the opportunity last night after a different event to bring my best friend in the world to this restaurant, since it is on our way home. I have previously loved this restaurant and was completely addicted to it. But last night was a complete disappointment. We ordered the meat combo platter. A lot of the dishes were very watery. The beef was too salty. The injera was not nearly sour enough. There was no dressing on the salad. Almost every one of the 7 dishes in the combo platter was different than I remembered it (only one that was pretty similar was the lamb). I ended up asking the waitress, whom I had never seen before, if the cook had changed. She said, "no," then asked me if the dishes were better before or now. I reluctantly had to say it was better then. And didn't add that it was a LOT better then :p. Very disappointed.Despite only having one to two waiters in a place that looks traditionally busy on weekends, the food was so fantastic and for the price it made up for the wait. The vegetarian combo platter is all I've had, so experience in my Ethiopian cuisine is very minimal. It was delicious though. Great bread (Injera), great lentils, chick peas, greens, and potatoes all spread out on more injera. Gotta love it. Also, for future patrons: the portions are big, one veggie combo platter was enough to satisfy me and my friend. Totally worth the very inexpensive $10 or so.
I will be back again.I've been to Abyssinia a couple times. Each time the food is excellent and a great deal. I usually get one of the combination platters with an extra entree to split for the table (2-4 people). I asked for my food to have a bit more heat than usual and they accommodated it perfectly. 
My only reservation is the service is inconsistent. The food is usually on the slower side, but the wait staff is variable. Sometimes, you have to flag them down for water (and remind them you asked) or the check. But other times, my water was never empty and they constantly checked on my table.My mom is Ethiopian and I grew up eating injera so I know how it should taste. I have to say that here I had the worst injera of my life!!! After seeing all the great reviews I tought I would give it a try but this place is for people that don't know anything about traditional Ethiopian food considering the great Ethiopian restaurants near this one I'm sorprise of how they still have customers!Great vegetarian options!  Very authentic Ethiopian food.  Can be crowded at dinnertime on weekends.I do not know Ethiopian food. I have never before eaten in an Ethiopian restaurant. With no points of reference I find it difficult to rate Abyssinia. Abyssinia is a pleasant but unadorned restaurant. You enter through the bar, a space that reminds me of the male only corner bars of almost any small village in Europe or North Africa. Step just beyond the bar up a few stairs to a modest dining room with two distinct settings. The first section is set with wooden tables and very uncomfortable wooden chairs. The back section is set with what must be traditional Ethiopian arrangements: backless saddle chairs arranged around a basket weave stand that will hold the dinner tray.  Our server seated us at a conventional table and presented us with the menu.
With menus in hand we knew that we had no idea of what they described. The front page helpfully described how the food would be presented, but what that food might be was beyond our ken. We announced our ignorance to the server and asked that she might help us.  While her English was sufficient it was not fluid enough for an engaging conversation about the food. We asked that she select something for us. I cannot say for certain which items she proposed but it would seem that it was a kind of medley or combination.  
Drink was another question. What do you have with Ethiopian food? Under the glass table cover a list of beers seemed to suggest that beer was a common dinner companion. But we are not beer drinkers. Again, we asked. The response was not all that clear but tea with cinnamon seemed to be the answer. Yet, our server seemed to say that the tea came at the end of the meal. We went with the suggestion of tea after dinner and settled for just water with dinner.
After a little bit of a wait, long, but not terribly long, our server arrived with a wonderfully large platter: a montage of color and texture and foods. Alongside the massive charger of exotic preparations she presented an oblong plate of Ethiopian bread called "injera."  I call it bread for lack of a better word. Injera looks like extremely large crepes or thin pancakes folded like napkins. Pick them up and the texture, weight and size suggested holding a damp towel. The bread would be not only an accompaniment to the food but would serve as our utensil. Ethiopian food is eaten with the thumb and first two fingers of the right hand with the help of the bread.
Our immense platter offered chicken, lamb, beef and greens. The chicken portion was a leg in a mild red sauce. One of the beef portions was a piece of shank with some meat attached. The other beef portion and lamb portion were two small ground meat servings. The meat portions interspersed with chopped greens circled the perimeter of the platter. The center of the platter featured a mound of chopped lettuce paired with a few cubes of potato and carrot. Between the center and the perimeter several sauces ranging from a red and spicy berbere to a sweet creamed corn filled the rest of the plate.
We tore off our pieces of injera and ventured into the many items on the platter. The tastes were surely interesting and satisfying. But, eventually it became a bit difficult to determine where to dip our bread and our fingers. Everything began to taste the same. The only meat that seemed somewhat different was the chicken. The ground lamb and the ground beef were indistinguishable. Even the greens, couched in the injera bread seemed little different from the meat. The more we ate, as satisfying as it may have been, the more it was eating the same thing. I found nothing distinct or particularly complex. 
After the dinner, we had our cinnamon tea. To my surprise, the tea was nothing more than Lipton's. We also shared a nice slice of baklava for dessert. The bill came to $60 for three, a price that is not excessive. But for that price what did we really receive? Our table saw one chicken leg, a tiny beef shank with barely enough meat for one person and servings of chopped lamb and chopped beef that would barely make a hamburger each.  
Abysinnia is worth the experience of learning about new foods and a different culture. I cannot say that it is a cuisine to which I would return.the food is amazing!! my only advice is to order less not more. the injera bread has the capacity expand in your stomach without warning... ultimately giving rise to food children and the unwanted burp/regurg. 
be prepared to wait close to an hour for the food to come out. and when it does, remember to eat slowly to avoid the aforementioned bloated fate.Fantastic Ethiopian food at great prices. Yes, the service is slow. Don't go here if you want a fast meal. If you want a great meal over a long conversation, this is the place to go.
I used to live in DC, the Ethiopian restaurant capital of the United States. Abyssinia isn't quite as good as what DC offers, but it sure is good.
I think that the food is better than Gojjo, a few blocks away, and definitely better than Dahlak (which is technically Eritrean, I think)...
Four stars for the great food and great prices. One star penalty for the slow service.The food is good, but there was a mouse running around while I was eating the last time and it kinda distracted me from how tasty the food was. 
My food is sometimes unusually cold (no, not warm; cold. Cold like uncomfortable to touch with my hands cold).
I've eaten here at least 7 times now and I'm not sure that I'll be back.The only reason this place doesn't get full stars is because I never want to eat there. 
I always get the vegetarian platter (delicious!!) to go.... Because to be honest, there is better ambiance in my living room.Good food. Veggie combo platter is good.
However the ambiance is not so good, but food makes up for that !!!I love love love Ethiopian food, and Abyssinia does it so well.
Service is slightly slow, but I have never felt neglected here. The atmosphere is casual and nothing to write home about.
The lamb and vegetarian dishes are great. Beer selection is decent enough for a casual restaurant. They give you far more injera than you need. And the prices are so low and the portions are huge. It's never crowded and I have never been 'afraid' to eat the food.
Just remember that you pay up front at the register (the first time I came here I waited for like 20 min before I realized this).... And that you have to walk through the front bar area and up the little steps to get to the dining area. If you haven't been here yet, I HIGHLY recommend trying it.This was my first experience eating Ethiopian food, so I didn't really know what to expect, but I was pretty excited because everything looked good from photos I had seen. I went with a big group of people so we ordered a huge sharing platter and I got to a try a bit of everything. I don't eat meat at the moment, so I basically only got to try the injera with the different selections of vegetables. Honestly, everything was good but I wasn't particularly impressed by anything. Maybe this isn't a fair review since I didn't get to try the meat, but I would say this restaurant is just okay. The service was also incredibly slow- it took us like 20 minutes just to get water. I would come back, but I'm not crazy about this place!Really delicious, try the vegetarian platter.... It's definitely enough for two light-to-regular eaters, and under $10!Went there for the first time the other day with my partner and their family. It was excellent! Between the 4 of us, we ordered 3 of the combination platters. We are all fairly big eaters and it was the perfect amount of food. Had just enough room for some delicious baklava for dessert! Good service as well. I wish I could recall all of the different dishes, but there were so many I don't even know where to start.
 Only disappointment is that they had turned off the espresso machine by the time we had dessert. 
I can definitely see this being a go-to place in West PhillyBeautiful people. Nutritious cuisine. Heaps of drinks.Usually when I go to Abyssinia I get the large Vegetarian platter for 2 and it is delicious! My only criticism is about their staff. They take a long time to take your order and can sometimes come across as unfriendly. However if you can overlook that, then you'll have a great time.I've always left Abyssinia a bit disappointed.  This is largely due to the rave reviews that many - mostly vegetarian - friends and acquaintances have given me of the food here.  It's likely that I'm simply not that into this style of food, as I like Dahlak even less.  On the plus side, the food is cheap and there are plenty of options for vegetarians and meat eaters alike.  Unfortunately, the meat is of fairly poor quality - particularly the lamb.  The vegetarian combination platters are quite good though, if a little small.  The service here is pleasant but always slow - regardless of whether or not the dining room is busy.  On the plus side, there is a fully stocked bar which is quite cheap.Let me start by saying that I love the food here. By far my favorite Ethiopian restaurant. The food is wonderful and the prices are decent. I usually come as a party of four or five and we'll order Abysinnia special 2 with two or three additions. Theres always plenty to go around and we only spend about $15.00 dollars each. But, minus one star because the wait time can be ridiculous.Best Ethiopian food I've had in Philly -- veggie platter is great, and nice beer selection as well. injeera just right.  Even the kids loved it.the most important things you need to know about Abyssinia: 
1) you will wait (and wait) for your food to arrive. 
2) it will be worth it.The service was very slow, even at 3:30 PM when I went with 3 friends for a late lunch/early dinner and it was not busy at all.  There was only 1 server and it took her about 20 minutes just to bring out our drinks, and I had to tell her twice what I wanted to drink.  The soda, specifically the coke was flat so it tasted awful!  I don't understand how they can serve flat soda!
The dish I ordered was terrible.  It was the beef and onion mixed with the injera bread.  The beef was not seasoned well, so it tasted awful.  I had a few bites and couldn't bare to eat any more.  If you do not like sour dough bread, you will not like the injera bread, which is made with sour dough.  I tasted my friend's chicken, which was not bad.
I would not return to this restaurant.Nice little neighborhood restaurant with an adjacent full bar.
As others have said before, the food is amazing! I think I had Ethiopian food for the first time here, and I'm already craving it. We ordered a salad, which looked at little bland, but turned out to be seasoned with a delicious, very peppery dressing. We also shared the vegetarian plate, which consisted of a sample of five or six different dishes, all of which were spiced right on-spot. I really liked the Injera bread, too, but beware - it does have the tendency to expand in you stomach. 
No complaints about the service, either. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area.Inferior quality,food is not fresh,beef tough,chicken tasted like  yesterday as did the collard greens,salad questionable,lentils tasteless.all in all save your palate and cook some fresh lentil soup at home with fresh baked chicken. I couldn't even finish my meal and absolutely would not consider a doggie bag.I have to to still give 2 stars for the food although we didn't get any this time. I went in with my 11yr old daughter and the back dining area was very hot. The front bar area was wonderfully cool. I asked the woman in the back if we could sit at a table in the bar area and she said ok. We sat down, and the bartender said my daughter couldn't sit there. We have been to countless, bar/restaurants all over Philadelphia and this has never been a problem. Whatever, we grumbled our way to the back and waited for someone to seat us. Then we waited some more and more... After 10 minutes, of no one seeing us, we left. Majorly disappointed!!!Some real authentic Ethiopian food and ambience. Really liked the food and cozy place. Must try the veggie specialVegetarian combo and lamb stew, delicious! You won't be disappointed All the ingredients are fresh and take on a unique flavor.The food was definitely good, the service was definitely lacking.  The food arrives in a community-style eating, so go there with friends and make sure you know how to order, I suggest getting 4-6 entrees to split between a group of 4, it comes on bread that is places in the middle and you can all share from.
That said, the wait staff are not very good, they take forever and are unprofessional.  It's also not the cleanest nor most spacious of places, but if you have time, patience, and can tolerate a bit of clutter, then I'd give it a try.LOVE Abyissinia! Been coming here for many years and always order the veggie combo + spicy beef tibs (combined on one big platter). The service is always friendly and the one waitress is good at remembering what I order each time :D Come and eat in the bar and have a beer while you wait for your food - it takes a little time, but it's worth it! After a great meal, I like to mosey upstairs for a strong after-dinner cocktail. Perfect way to spend an evening.Now granted, I am no expert on Ethopian food, but I really enjoyed my dinner at Abyssinia in West Philly. The vegetarian combo platter was like a beautiful artist pallet of different veggies and bean/lentils served on top of the delicious Injera. It was gigantic but after helping some friends move all day, I devoured it! Seriously, the bread makes it basically ok to eat every last tasty bit on the plate. The service was a little slow but the server was pretty much in charge of the whole dining room, so I can understand. Food was fantastic and reasonably priced, especially for the portions! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that I have no other experience with Ethopian food with which to compare it.Insanely delicious.  We usually share a combo or two with some friends to get a taste of everything.  My personal faves are the beef tibs and the kitfo.    The service can be a bit slow eating in and we live in the neighborhood so usually prefer to pick it up as take out.I ordered a meat combination for pickup over the phone and the woman hung up without asking me what sides I wanted.  When I called back to explain that I did not have a chance to pick my vegetarian sides she replied "so do you want to pick your sides or do you want to know what we chose for you?"
When I went to eat my doro and qey wots I discovered as I put what I thought was meat into my mouth that they left in little bones.  I had to dig through the food to pull out the bones by hand.  Incredibly disappointing.  I will never go there again.Well, nice people, food was pretty good.  I am not by any means a critic of Ethiopian food but the sampler seemed to hit all the high points.  Waitress was a little "laid back" so we were delayed a bit (and could not make it to Target on time :( )  We figured the laid back service was consistent with African culture so no worries.  I did not find anyone - staff or customers, even remotely mean.  Even the homeless guy asking for change outside was cordial.
I will definitely be back.
Funny post script: Due to a waitress fowl-up, I was never charged for my meal.  I called today (2 weeks later) to tell them and they've yet to call me back yo.DO NOT GO TO ABYSSINIA !!!  Extremely Poor customer service, tasteless food and a rotten atmosphere. I have been there multiple times and in all occasions, I had to wait 30 mins to get my order in and another hour to get served. I do not think the owners  care about the restaurant or their customers and the waitresses are the perfect reflection of that. In addition, they could have made the place a little inviting and gotten rid of the  funeral home feel. Plus, I really don't like the idea of walking through a shady bar to get to the restaurant. I advise everyone to not go there. There are other better places to enjoy Erhiopian food- Ethio cafe (next door) or Kaffa Crossing at 44th and chestnut.10 am, Ethiopian breakfast (including Ye'inqulal Tibias & a fantastic Foul), beer - what better way to experience the opening match the World Cup?!
super friendly staff, fantastic food, fun patrons - I happily returned several more times for drinks and matches.If you are looking for an authentic Ethiopian experience - this is the place to go.  The tibs are awesome. The comes on a large tray of Injera eaten family style with your hands.  Yeah, the service is slow - but hey, you want an authentic experience right?? All of the waiters/owners are Ethiopian and most times I've been to the restaurant the crowd was too.I love their food only drawback is it takes forever to get serviced if there's only one person at the bar. Overall I prefer Abbasynia to all the other Ethiopian restaurants in West Philly. Food is always fresh and delicious.Fantastic restaurant, tremendous portions and very afforable (entrees under $10 per person).   I got the spicy chicken and found it to be amazing.  Eating with your hands is new to some people, but definitely a great place to go with friends.