I came across Ai totally by chance. Slurpy hot noodles on a nasty day sounded great, but veggie ramen is few and far between... but they got it! I ended up getting a combo thing, of veggie ramen, shrimp bao, and oolong iced tea. It was one big awesome surprise. I didn't know they were owned by Hai Street, but it makes sense now because this is not "mall food court food." The bao was yummy, and just the right size to go with the ramen. And the ramen... I'm honestly not even sure they didn't play me and give me meat broth. A veggie broth with this much flavour is not easy to come by. Maybe he ooooonly thing I can nitpick is that more veggies would be nice- maybe some mushrooms. But other than that- everything was great, including the iced tea. The service was also far beyond "food court." The guy who served me was the only one there (it was post-lunch and not busy), and he was super friendly and professional, in addition to making some killer ramen.I used to love ramen. I've developed several allergies that have made me unable to have ramen so when I saw the sign saying "no MSG" I figured I'd give it a shot. I explained to Trihed that I am very sensitive to MSG and asked if there is MSG in their base or stock. He didn't think so but took the time to go back into the kitchen to check. Then, I told him I also have a sesame allergy. He looked up every single ingredient in the ramen to make sure I would be safe. Great food and spectacular kindness. I hope you open more locations but I'll definitely be back to this one. Oh, and Trihed and the rest of the staff are amazing. Give them all a raise!Like the other places owned by the same folks as Hai Street Kitchen (which actually also just opened a new location in the Liberty Place food court), the food here is overpriced for what you get and not very authentic. 
However, for a fast-food version of Ramen that's not cup noodles, the broth and toppings tasted fine (slightly better than cup noodles), though the portion was a bit smaller than I expected. Since Nom Nom Ramen recently introduced waiter service, and there aren't really any other ramen options on this side of Broad Street, this might still be the most convenient/cost-effective option for those looking for quick ramen (besides cup noodles) within walking distance of W. Market Street offices. 
Then again, considering that I can probably get at least 10 servings of cup noodles for the price of one of these bowls/cups of noodles, and the taste is only marginally better, I would probably rather eat cup noodles than spend my money here.I was craving ramen and despite the reviews decided to try it. This is the worst ramen I've had in my life. It was salty, the noodles were rubbery and the flavor wasn't that great. I advise all to think twice before eating here.Alright for food court ramen. Not a lot of flavor but it was decent. I ordered the veggie one and mostly had cabbage in it. Probably wouldn't come back unless someone else recommend it.Nope. Tastes like they dumped a bunch of sesame oil into a pot with some pork. Worst broth I've had.No customer service. I wanted Spicy Shrimp Tempura with Brown rice instead of he white rice that was previously made. He wouldn't make me any. Stated, "we don't make any fresh ones until 2 pm!" What kind of crap is that!!!!Stopped over here for lunch on a severely cold day. The ordering process was pretty simple, the menu only has a few items making it easy to decide on what you want. The wait was not long.
I don't think Ramen is meant to be eaten at a mall food court. I was slurping away and got it all over my shirt (I mean this was my own fault, but I still think the food court played a factor into it with the wobbly tables, using a plastic spoon, etc). The meat that I had (pork) was all fat and honestly inedible which was a shame because this is typically one of the best parts of the meal. I had also ordered a chicken bao bun which was quite delicious. I recommend stopping by for the bao buns, but definitely not stopping by for the ramen any time soon.Need to serve soda, it's annoying to have to wait in two lines. The ramen is pretty good.The ramen is pretty mediocre. I got the veggie ramen and the broth was completely flavorless. It's a good concept and I appreciate that it's not just another typical food court restaurant, but I have definitely had better tasting meals at other places in the food court.Too salty
Too oily
Pork is under cooked - chewy instead of melt in your mouth 
Too much ginger 
Gave this place two tries to give them time to get up to speed. Service was speedy and good but that was prob the only thing that was! Not for $9.99!!!Giving 4 stars because they deserve a higher rating than 3. I work in the building and have a head cold, so their spicy miso is my best option. It is not anything to celebrate, but it is quality and consistent, especially for a spot in a food court.It's not that easy to find fully vegetarian ramen. Ai Ramen's veggie broth and generous mix of veggies is absolutely delicious. The noodles are tender and the broth is flavorful. Definitely recommended for vegetarians in a mostly meaty food court.I believe an A-Ok rating for Ai Ramen is appropriate.  The ramen meets the basic definition and won't blow you away.  I'm guessing it won't completely disappoint you either. Portions are a bit small, but probably in line with what you'd expect from a semi-fast food type arrangement in a mall food court.  You probably won't be around long enough to truly judge or comment on service and cleanliness is more a function of the mall.  While I'm sure they have their busy periods, I've never had to wait very long.  Finally, your wallet won't be too hurt if you chose to swing by for lunch or a snack.Had the signature ramen dish, Ai Ramen. It's not the best ramen I've ever had, buts it's good, it's $9, and it's convenient. They have bao buns, too, which I look forward to trying. Also the service was fantastic -- Reese was fantastic.I went to this Ramen place after unsuccessfully going to Nom Nom (as they are closed between 3:30-5 on the weekends). The nearest ramen place in Rittenhouse to Nom Nom was this place so I decided to check it out. I did not know at the time it was in a food court. I had my fair share of skepticism once I saw it was in a food court, but went ahead and ordered the Spicy Miso Ramen anyway. It was only $10 so I decided to give it a shot. 
The Ramen was surprisingly decent, with amazing tasting pork and perfectly done noodles. However, the broth and vegetables (or lack thereof) leave much to be desired. The broth was way too salty and also way too spicy. My theory was that they decided to douse the soup in spice so that all other flavors would be vastly overshadowed. Also, not including any real "fresh" vegetables was a shame and I wish they had done a better job of doing so. 
All in all, the ramen was pretty decent for a food court. Food courts are great if you are with a group of friends and you can't decide what to eat. In this case, the ramen is acceptable and you can sacrifice its taste for being with your friends. However, if you really want good ramen, go somewhere else, a restaurant that specializes in it (like Nom Nom) and you won't be disappointed.It's not terrible.  Nice try, but a miss.
I have always wanted a try this place but was skeptical because of the reviews.  Upon arriving at the food court, I noticed that this place didn't have anyone in line during the lunch rush (bad sign).
Prices are steep as it costs about $10 for a bowl.  You have the option of adding extras and in my case, +$2 for extra pork.  I ordered and waited for my food noticing that the employees seemed a little "new".  I had to remind one of them that I paid for extra pork as they were making my bowl.  If not they would have forgotten.
Ok...so now on the ramen.  It's kind of a small bowl of noodles.  The broth itself was ok, but not mind blowing (as to be expected).  The egg was cooked right which was yolky so that was a plus.  The biggest let down was the pork. Which was chewy and not very flavorful.  Not to mentioned tiny in portion even with an extra order.  The noodles could have been better as it felt undercooked and probably store bought.
Final thoughts.....you can probably enjoy his place on a really cold day or after a hangover if you work in center city.  Other than that, you have plenty of other delicious options for half the cost just steps away.
My suggestions to the owner (if he/she reads this).  Your price would be fair if you had just a little more noodle or meat or broth.  As for the pork char Siu, I could see this being improved just by portion size and flavor additions.  Lastly, your noodles could use some help.  Maybe fresh or change your brand?  Oh and most importantly, please train your staff!!!  First impressions are so important.Tried it as part of mealpal lunch options and I thought their ramens were pretty good (tried the Ai and miso butter) especially coming from the most generic/typical mall food court. The portion is enough to get you full. Noodles are just firm enough like you want your ramen noodles to be. Broth is rich. I preferred Ai's broth little more but miso butter was surprisingly good as well. Its "butter" flavor somehow gets incorporated seamlessly, not at all overpowering or clashing with miso. Chashu was just ok (little cold I assume it's because they are premade and are assembled as orders are placed) but they got the yolky egg part down. Plenty of little veggie things to accompany the noodle and broth. 
The bao was also good but its price tag of $4 doesn't make me want to add that on... 
Service is also pretty quick. I avoided the lunch rush but the food came out in 5-7 mins ish. 
Overall, a good lunch option for whoever works in center city!I tried the vegetarian Ramen and it was absolutely delicious. I would recommend it to people who are vegetarian or those that enjoy vegetable soups. I also had the Oolong tea and it's very legitimate Oolong tea, which is hard to come by. I loved it and I would eat here again.Totally OK bowl of ramen. The Ai was about a million times better than the Spicy ramen, which tasted like a package of Top Ramen with spicy oil mixed in. A good option for fast casual lunch in Center City.Definitely good for how fast you get the food. When I went, they forgot to put the egg in it. If you don't feel like waiting or paying cash, this is the place to go if you are close by.Very good ramen pork was very tender and delicious. But one critisam who over thought of getting does little  spoons what your deal bro I couldn't keep that spoon from sinking into the soup was annoyingWhen you think Ramen, you don't think overpriced wad of noodle gunk with an oil slick on top and flavorless broth below. On the other hand if you want to force down half a bowl of this as a quiet protest to all of the other superior food court options, the this is your Tiananmen Square.Wanted something new on a lunch break and wasn't impressed. I was excited that they had a vegetarian option and gave that a try (cheaper than the rest but still quite pricey for what it is) and added an egg. The flavor was okay, not totally bland but not thrilling. It took 5+ minutes to get my food even though it's all pre-made right there and they just have to scoop the ingredients together into a bowl. Not very filling. My stomach wasn't happy with the food and gurgled the rest of the evening. I can do better on my own at home in just about the same amount of time for much less money.Writing a review because I love the broth! This is the same ramen as at Genji which you can find in Cherry Hill Whole Foods and others. The bone broth is great especially when I feel a bit sick, always cheers me up and makes me feel better ! Had some at Hai Street Kitchen for their ramen night! Super yummy, give it a try ! :DHi there, this is to inform that on multiple occasions we have stopped by Ai Ramen and have always loved the food. However, everytime when encountered with this particular one staff (always our luck that he is here when we come ) who is unhygienic (picks his nose), always chats around with his friends and talks about "getting highs", has bare minimum knowledge of the food products (didn't know what was mushroom), and generally takes him 20/30 minutes to have two bowls of ramen ready due to his incessant gossips with his pals . 
We do not wish to complain, just hope that he may receive proper training for food industry and continue to work in an acceptable fashion rather than the path he is carrying on now.Ramen here was okay, but not great. The vegetarian broth was not creamy enough. The egg was not cut in half and it was not "jammy" as it should be...it was closer to a hard boiled egg. Biggest complaint is the takeout containers (as of Aug 2017--perhaps the containers will change). The containers leak horribly, so much so that within a few min of leaving Ai Ramen with my takeout bag, there was a pool of broth at the bottom of the bag and I had to go back to the counter.Can't remember where I read a positive review of their bao buns. Tried them for the first time yesterday and they were terrible! The bun was very dry, almost stale tasting. The sauce was flavorless. And they were $4 a pop!Nice selection of Ramen, sushi and steamed buns in Liberty Place food court. Everything tastes great and service is always excellentIs it the best ramen I've ever had? No.
BUT is it completely passable ramen for $10 without having to go outside on a cold day? Yes.
Is it fancy ramen with a real bowl and chopsticks and spoon? haha definitely not.
BUT do they charge extra for egg? Nope!
Do they have spicy ramen? Yup.
Can you be in and out within probably 15 minutes including (no) line and ordering? Probably.
Do they send you an email after your first visit for half off? YEP.
Do they take business cards and enter you for free noodles? YES AGAIN.
Do they send you a survey to get entered for ANOTHER chance for free noodles? Nah, PSYCH YEP, THEY DO.
Nom Nom is great and all, but it's a whole thing now, you have to order with a waiter, you have to tip your waiter, you have to pay extra for an egg, you'll get sucked in to bao buns, and before you know it you'll spend $20 on lunch and be like wtf.
I'll be back, because it's winter, and I have a cold, and nothing clears your sinuses like spicy ramen.This is the dumbest decision I have ever made, I shouldn't order from this ridiculous fake Asian food spot. I always want some noddles when I am hungry. I was really hungry so I decided to give it a try since I love ramen. What I got? A bowl of super duper OILY broth, two pieces REALLY FAT pork, some veggies, and cost me $9.99. the only thing I like was that at least they cooked the noddle right. I should have just walk to the Chinatown for real Chinese food since it was just 15min away from the center city. The lesson I learned? NEVER ORDER ASIAN FOOD From NON-Asians!! Stay away if you're an Asian!Went at 12:45pm on a weekday and there was a distinct lack of line compared to the other stands in Liberty Plaza. Undeterred, I stepped up and order a spicy miso. The people behind the counter were cheerful, friendly, and laid-back without being slow. It wasn't so fast that you suspected them of cutting corners but I still managed to grab my order and make the 8 minute walk back to the office within a half hour.
The presentation looks surprisingly nice, even after being jostled around in a bag. The toppings added a nice amount of color amongst a sea of red chili oil and a lovely seasoned soft-boiled egg half. They included a plastic soup spoon and good quality chopsticks.  
I started in and was surprised by the mountain of noodles I uncovered. They were also a great texture, chewy and long but surprisingly light. The broth tasted pretty one-dimensional, I would be hesitant to order the butter miso since the spice was really the saving grace of this bowl.
The chashu was very fat and hard to bite into. It was still pretty tasty but I didn't like the rubbery mouth feel. But for barely $10, I would definitely get this again when I need something hot and noodle-heavy.Probably the worst ramen I've ever had. Noodles were over cooked. The meat was crazy fatty even for pork belly. The corn was rubbery. And they forgot the egg. Will head to Nom Nom next timeObviously the staff here doesn't know how to cook. They overdone my ramen and it taste like... I don't even know how to describe it. It was disgusting. Plus the attitude was horrible. I asked for a cup of water and the staff there refused because "they sell water." Wtf? What kind of store doesn't give people just a cup of water? Not even mention that I'm a purchased customers. Ridiculous!This place makes asian food look bad. It's so sad. Got the spicy miso ramen and I frequently eat ramen all throughout the world. The amount they want to serve is standard for ramen but the chashu is absolute trash. The standard meat to fat ratio is 60-80% to 20-40%. The ratio I got was 20% meat and 80% fat 2 pieces. Absolutely disgusting. Try chewing on fat... it's like chewing on tires. So ashamed that this place is centrally located in a food court for ppl to try and bash on asian food culture.
The noodle, egg and soup base were fine.I went there about few weeks ago and had spicy miso ramen. I've been to many ramen places in the area, NY and Japan but this is definately my favorite in Philly. Broth tastes super good, chashu and nitamago (egg) were so tasty!I stopped here for lunch on a Friday and decided to get the sushi combo. It was very tasty and fresh. They also serve Bao (steamed bun) and the main food is, of course, Ramen noodle soups. They have a vegetarian selections in Ramen soup and Sushi rolls. I will come back to try the Vegetarian Ramen.I am not hip enough for places like this, I should have known that.  I paid $4.00 for the Bai roll, I expected more.  I took ONE bite and it was gone, I would have liked 4-5 bites.  I got more use out of a soda I bought elsewhere, because they are too cool to have sodas.Had the spicy miso ramen.
If airplanes started serving ramen, I think it would be something like this. It's honestly not horrible, but no depth to the broth. I know I shouldn't expect much from food court ramen in philly, but nom nom does a decent broth in their west philly food court location.
It wasn't bad enough to regret getting, but it's certainly not good enough to get again. .Had the miso ramen. Not earth shattering, but it was quick and pretty tasty. Their drinks are good and the sushi is decent. In terms of price, I think they lowered their ramen price from $11 to $9, at the latter price this is a decent deal.Totally surpassed my expectations for a food court vendor. Price was more than I wanted to pay but they didn't disappoint.  Would definitely grab lunch here again.For a quick ramen lunch spot, AI ramen is pretty great. Grabbed a bowl on a snowy day and was honestly not expecting it to be good. Lucky me, the AI bowl was hot and tasty. Broth and noodles were great, meat was a little fatty but flavorful. The line at lunch was a little chaotic, maybe order online.Quick. Good quality. Does the job. Not Terrakawa but surprisingly good for a food court.Ordered ramen through one of the big delivery services and wound up extremely disappointed. 
None of the orders arrived with the seasoned egg, black mushrooms, ginger, or scallions and the broth tasted burnt. 
The only thing included were the noodles, broth and pork slices. The portion was hilariously small but acceptable at this price point if all of the advertised ingredients were present.
The bao buns were below average. The pork was stringy and the buns were cold and soggy. 
To top it all off part of our order was missing.
Thankfully we were issued a refund by the delivery service.
I would never order from this place again even at the price point. There are simply too many options in the city that are superior in every way.Just tried their pork and chicken bao bun sanwiches. I love bao buns and these were okay. I'll definitely go back again, but they are not the best (for bao sandwiches) looking to try the ramen next time. Customer service was great! 
Update: had the miso butter ramen. It was pretty good, nothing to rave about but, id get it again. I read one review saying the egg wasn't seasoned and I had the exact opposite for my egg. I wish all of my hard boiled eggs tastes like that! It was delicious and my favorite part of it.I brought the signature Ai Ramen back to my office for a quick dinner only to find out it consisted of a heap of gummy noodles, very little broth, no egg and no red ginger.  The chasu was fatty and tasteless, but I frankly wasn't expecting much after watching the guy take cold pork strips from a bin and hit them with a sterno torch while I waited.  I also ordered the shrimp tempura, mostly because I couldn't resist what I thought was the spicy mayo piled on it. Instead, I got way too much rice, barely recognizable shrimp and some kind of sweet mayo concoction that wasn't very appetizing.  This was supposed to be dinner tonight and lunch tomorrow.  I'd rather go hungry.use your noodle and get your tail over here. ignore the mediocre reviews. I don't know what's up with that. you'll be thanking me.Even with the poor reviews, having a potential new ramen shop nearer to work was too tempting (and why not try?), so a group of us gave Ai Ramen a shot.
The $4.00 pork bao bun wasn't bad, but it was $4.00...unfortunately although some fellow diners' ramen noodles looked firmer, mine were sadly overlooked and the pork was fat-only, unappealing visually, and inedible. The egg wasn't seasoned, just hard boiled. About as expensive as Nom Nom, it was much lower quality. Would definitely choose another spot in the food court, and make the trek to Terakawa for real ramen!Well  I have to say, they must've improved tremendously. After reading most of the other reviews and seeing the photos it doesn't look that good. However, I had a wonderful experience here. 
I was craving something good and spicy but,didn't know what !
 So I was looking around the food court in the mall. 
 I spotted Ai Ramen. It was a cold Winter day ,so Ramen sounded wonderful.
They also sell Sushi. But, the Ramen was what I wanted! 
There was a nice man working here, who made it all from  scratch. So, it was extremely hot even when I got back to my hotel .
 It was aesthetically pleasing as well and a huge bowl!
It had large  pieces of chicken in it ,fresh noodles, and an amazing Broth.
It was fantastic! I would go back any time.All for only $9.25I was excited this place opened (because I stopped going to Nom Nom Ramen ever since they went full service)  but I'm sorry to report the ramen here isn't so great. Opening day, they ran out of pork and I had to choose between shrimp or chicken. Pork is the only protein you should get. The chicken tasted pretty bland and cardboardish, yuck. The shrimp tempura looked gimmicky and fake. It's the same stuff they use in the Hai Street kitchen burritos, they come pre-fried out of a bag like potato chips, and they reheat them in the fryer. The noodles and the rest of the toppings are all fine (the lime chili garnish adds great flavor) but the broth is unacceptable! It tastes like vegetable oil (not even pork fat) covered seawater and flour, way greasy, and slightly bitter. I even went here a second time and got the signature Ai Ramen instead of the Spicy Miso and the broth was still horrendous. It's probably the worst ramen broth I've ever tasted. Nom Nom Ramen in comparison has great broth. Terakawa in Chinatown has yucky bitter broth too but it's not so greasy like Ai Ramen's. 
Also beware of Ai Ramen's drinks. I ordered the Pomegranate Oolong and it was the wrong color (yellow) and lighter than the regular Oolong. It tasted like weak green tea, no berry or pomegranate flavor at all. I thought it would be at least orange? The hibiscus drink is the best one and tastes better than the hibiscus drink at Hai Street next door. I recommend that if you get a drink.
The price is about $2 more expensive than I want for a small bowl of ramen but for Penn Center, it is what it is. Overall this place can only be categorized as "fast food", kinda like a Whopper vs a fancy grass fed beef burger from a gastropub. The quality is just not there for a real meal.Since opening, the broth in the ramen has improved. No more bitter taste and they lowered the price to $9! The ramen here is now actually pretty good, specifically the signature Ai Ramen. I still would not recommend the Spicy Miso Ramen however. I do not like the chili oil that they use; it just tastes like the generic chili oil you would find at fake sichuan restaurants. Fake Chinese and Japanese flavors should not mix.  
As for the toppings, I'm completely satisfied with the charsiu pork, egg, and green onion shreds that go in the ramen. The egg is marinated in soy sauce and perfectly soft boiled with the yolk still runny.
They now serve the ramen in these fancy looking plastic bowls with lids instead of the paper bowls so the presentation is greatly improved. I did receive the paper bowl again the other day and my ramen somehow tasted worse! I suspect the wax on the paper bowl gets into the broth and changes the taste. I hope Ai Ramen will stop using the paper bowls completely. 
The color of the drinks have improved, too, and no longer look diluted. My favorite is still the hibiscus.
On the other hand, the sushi here doesn't look so appetizing, looks rice heavy, and it's expensive. I wouldn't get it.
Good job on the ramen improvements, Ai Ramen. Since I work nearby, I'm now a regular.Came in on weekdays lunch and it was crowd in the food court. Please alert, it is located in the food court liberty mall. I chose this one basically because almost no line and i had only a little time to eat. And somehow i feel like i want to get ramen for lunch. Ordered spicy miso ramen for 10$ and another 1$ for egg
Pros : it was fast. No tip cos you eat in the food court. Noodle cooked perfectly, the flavor is there
Con : you will get plastic bowl and spoon. Small protion. You will not get any egg unless you add 1$, they not even cut it half so it looked inappetizing. You only get 2 cuts of charsiu pork that full of fat. The service is pretty blah.We had lunch here while visiting the city for NYE.  I had the signature Ai Ramen which turned out quite delicious for Ramen from a place in a food court.  Don't expect mind blowing Momofuku grade food, but it certainly deserves some praise since it hit the spot. The soup base was not too salty, the noodles slightly "al dente", which is the way I like, and the thinly sliced pork was tender and flavorful.  If you have cravings for Ramen, grab a quick bite here in the food court at Liberty Place.Over priced and sooooo salty. I got almost no broth (thank goodness because it was super duper salty) and honestly it was super over priced for what you get. 3 small strips of chicken, about the size of a French fry and no egg (had to pay for that) and some ginger an one almost invisible mushroom. I also paid 50 cents to "make it spicy" which literally did nothing to the broth. 
Complete waste of time and money. 12.00 I wish I would get back. Most of what was left went in the trash.