Their food is amazing. The chef can literally cook anything as I've tried almost everything on their menu.Total rip off. Please do not go here. Was at a "buffet", ended up paying by weight for a dine in "buffet". 
You would think for Ramadan, they would go easy on the profits for the iftar dinner.  
Food was nothing to write home about..
Table service..lousy !Came here recently with a bunch of friends and had a very enjoyable experience.
The restaurant is located in a not-so-bad but not-so-nice part of town. So if you're one to be concerned about your safety, here is your warning. The only parking available is street parking. Parking can be difficult depending on when you come. 
The restaurant is split into two sections, one for waiter service and one without. They are exactly the same and completely different all at the same time. The waiter service area is a nice restaurant. Nice decor, linen tablecloths and napkins. Giant flat screen tuned to an Arabic language channel. The price of the food is the same if you want to be waited on or not. And the prices are very reasonable.
The food is pretty good, some items are better than others. The wife and I shared the mixed shawarma and the mixed grill plates. The chicken shawarma and the chicken kabobs were excellent.  Super tender and flavorful. The lamb/beef shawarma was OK- a bit gristly. The ground beef kabob (kofta) was good. Good meat quality and flavor was alright. Next time going for the chicken only.
Had a strawberry and mango lassi. The mango is delicious, the strawberry is not sweet enough for my palate.
Also had their appetizer sampler which included pita, hummus, babganoush, falafel and dolma. The dolma were served hot which I liked and is unusual. The rest were just OK. The falafel were good - Green on the inside as they ought to be. Also ordered kibbe - which if you have never had - you must try. While they're not the best I've ever had, they were good. Just a different flavor profile than I'm used to. They were served with lemon which I appreciated as that's how I like them.
They don't serve alcohol or let you bring it in, so be mindful of that.
The service was very good. Our waitress was super on the ball, attentive and friendly. I would have given three stars but the service really took the whole experience to a new level. So I would advise against take-out.I've ordered from Al-Sham at least two dozen times. I've enjoyed everything I've ordered. The standouts are the burgers, made with homemade kefta meat and homemade pickles, and the salads, both the lettuce and tomato kind (get the house dressing), and the hummus and baba ganoush (also homemade). The chicken schwarma and falafel are tasty, not the best ive had but definitely better than I expected from a place like this and the best you'll get delivered in NE philly. The pizzas are good, none of the premade frozen dough that's invaded a lot pizza places lately, but pizza clearly isnt their specialty. The toppings are good, if a bit pricey. I also highly recommend the milkshakes. 
I order online so I can't speak to their phone manner, but the delivery people have always been great. Beware that the delivery lady is afraid of dogs -- I feel bad about my little yappy lapdog.I give this restaurant five stars from service, atmosphere,and most definitely the food! I highly recommend the kebabs, al-sham sampler and the chicken tikka masala. I usually call my lunch order in, drive over and see my food waiting for me, always on time. 
The desserts are about as good as my grandmother and mom would make in their own kitchens. Don't just buy one piece of baklava. You must try the many different kinds they have.
Sahtein!Writing this review because I got served bad food twice. So that's one time too many. Chicken quesadilla was more like salt quesadilla. I had guests over and I brought them to Al-Sham so we can enjoy Iftar but I was very Disappointed. Lady at the counter asked me was everything ok? I said no the quesadilla was very salty "oh we probably cooked it in salty butter" if you recognize a problem u should say more than a fast sorry.Always delicious, always great portion size. They never disappoint. Delivery is always on time if not early and I have to say the NY combo is better than I have had from most trucks in New York!! Also their samosas and spinach pies are very tasty and fresh.Ok, so this was our 2nd time eating from here. The 1st time we did take out ordering the nyc combo. This time we did delivery ordering the nyc combo & lamb cheese steak. Both times the combo was good, not great or the best, the steak was also good not great. But the delivery was horrible. If or when we decide to order again it will definitely be take out. When I call the store to speak about the delivery driver, the staff apologized & offered to contact the driver. He showed up while I was on the phone with the restaurant.If you know the difference between Shawerma and Gyros then you probably shouldn't eat shawerma here. Place and staff were nice. The main reason for the rating is the meat I felt was under cooked or over processed. Reminded me of eating a veggi-burger patti in a roll.OMG! I'm in Love with this place! So fresh, and HUGE portions! Staff is really nice. The fast-food side is where you enter, but for dining in, you can scoot to the dining side. There's a large TV, and beautiful long fabrics hanging from the ceiling.Ugggh, where to start. 
1. Food: I am a vegetarian and have visited this place for some time(a few yrs) to get the falafel platters and such. the food really is hit or miss for me, some nights the falafel is cooked nicely and others its burnt and terrible. they almost never have wheat pita anymore but still offer it on their menu. I always have to remind them and make a big fuss just to get the pita bread that comes with my meal, wheat or not-- and of course they left it out this last time as well. I typically ask for double salad or to omit the tahini and add more salad, they have only ever done it right once, that  i can recall. I usually open the container and still find tahini. 
I've been reading all of the other reviewers giving this place higher then deserved reviews, and they all seem to have the ny chicken or curry chicken, which i can not speak to. My husband however does still eat some halal meats and loves to get a good lamb dish. the lat few times we went here, it has not been that great for him. he picks through and says the meat has not been cooked properly or some other thing. he rates them okay in a crutch, which is when we mostly go there.
2. Service: the service is hit or miss for us as well. We have had very friendly service as well as some "so-so" kind of service from different staff there. Some of them really pay good attention and take your order corectly and others have on multiple occasion completely missed prts of our order. Depnds on the day and who is working...
Overall, I'd give them 2.5 stars. I try not to go there unless its the only option. I would not reccomend to friends or family and would not go out of my way to go there.The way I found this places is through yelp. I was skeptical only because there are a lot of places that say Persian and are completely Indian dishes. This is Persian food.and they deliver till 11pm. I got a few things grapes leaves which were perfectly cooked.lamb was ultra juicy and the spices weren't just burnt on you can tell they were marinated and slow cooked. Chicken was a little bit on the dry side but still tasty. Overall great food. This place is a keeperThis place is amazing. I wanted takeout the other night but was sick of pizza and Chinese which is all that's in my area until I saw this place pop up. I ordered the chicken shawarma and a falafel platter to split with my husband. It was SO good. My husband liked it, but wasn't in love. I loved it so much we ordered from here again the next night and my husband ordered the lamb. Now he's hooked. This will definitely be our go-to takeout spot when we need something different. My only complaint is that the portion of hummus for the falafel plate was very small. I LOVE HUMMUS and want to absolutely slather it all over everything. And like another reviewer said, the chicken was a bit dry. Get extra garlic sauce and you're set though.Excellent food and fast delivery.  Nice delivery person.  We very much enjoyed the food that we ordered.  The telephone lady was very good at taking our order.Went with my younger siblings, I live in Bucks county I was looking for a halal, chicken over rice place, with the famous white sauce. This place is the best in the area, worth the drive wherever you live around. If you're looking for the New York style halal chicken platter, go here. For $10 you can have a great meal, yes I waited a bit longer than expected but the foods quality made up for it. I've had chicken over rice in a lot of places so many times. This place is great, probably the best taste and quality wise. The inside isn't the biggest and most luxurious but you can get take out as well. Highly recommended!The food here is simply delicious. You get great food for the price. We normally get take-out, but we  dined  in recently and had a good experience.Best middle eastern food on the deleware valley so far. I drive from Jersey to just have a chicken kabob salad. I definitely recommend this place to anyone that is looking for a delicious and authentic middle eastern meal.LOVE the New York chicken and veggie samosas but I ate it last night and it made me very sick.  I've called off work. 
Now I don't want to eat here again.  Wouldn't wish this feeling on my worst enemy. It feels like my stomach is trying to digest itself into a thick pink paste.The menu is a short novel but I had an idea of what I wanted ahead of time. I got the NY Chicken and Rice and it was fire. I loved the hint of the fried onion in it. The crisp parts of the chicken really stood out. It could've used a bit more chicken, but it's taken into consideration. I will look for that next time and make a subsequent assessment. Place loses one star on the basis that one menu item per their Yelp associated menu had the pizza listed @ 1.00 lower than they charged. Consistency is key. My friend loved the Al-Sham breakfast sandwich. I will be back and I do look forward to it. The falafel was also great; and very adequately priced.Are you serious?? Some people shouldn't own restaurants that's for sure. A few months ago I ate there and the babagnoush (pureed, blended eggplant) tasted like it was spoiled, called the waitress she checked and the fridge wasn't working!! She slipped and said it happened a few times before! The owner NEVER came to table to apologize or even offered to adjust the bill! He simply took the item back and offered us Samosa instead! Who does that?? This guy! Then last time I was there the falafel crumbled in my hand like they were old, stale cookies and tasted like a bunch of wood chips put together with paper glue. It's a shame because I see his wife working hard and every one there runs around trying to please. May be you should use your brain every now and then? I am done with this circus!I used to go here all the time just because there really wasn't other options in terms of middle eastern food, it's good food here and there. The last time I went we were threatened by a member of the business because they all knew him when he started yelling at us. He was smoking a hookah and my friend said to him "my man has it going on with the hookah!" ... but we think the guy thought we said "my man has to gotta go with the hookah " ... because he came up to us and started threatening us, swearing, and wanting to fight. NO ONE apologized to us; just mean looks from the workers. What a shame. This place is going down hill. Utterly disappointed what a shame.I got a bacon and egg omelette and it was pretty good but the bacon wasn't cut up and was very chewy. So if you're looking for decent food at a decent price go for it. But I wouldn't get a bacon omelette againAlways the place I go to get my chicken/lamb fix! It maybe more expensive than your typical halal food trucks but it makes up for it with the taste and portions.The food is delicious. The lamb, rice, hummus and buffalo chicken wraps are my favorite. They even delivered during an ice storm and the food was still warm and delicious. If you are in the mood for tasty food, stop in or call for delivery.I want to assume the people who gave this place 4 and 5 stars are either owners in disguise, or people who don't know what middle eastern food is supposed to taste like.  
This place needs to listen to their customers and change their style of cooking because it wasn't working for the last owner and it certainly isn't working for this new owner.  Mr. Owner, if you are reading this and want some real insight, I'd be happy to tell you whats wrong.
Everything here has a funky taste to it, the yellow rice tastes like salt and plastic and I must end this review because I'm getting sick thinking about it.I stop here for lunch and order to go. I had there NY chicken over rice that tasted so good. I also had there curry chicken that tasted fine I'm not be fan of curry but it was ok. They have seating to eat in and there is another room they have that looks like a lounge.Always great food! My favorite is the chicken shawarma, but you seriously can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The pizza is amazing! Delivery takes about an hour, but the food is always hot when it arrives.Decided to stop by here after reading a friend's review.
It was about a 30 min drive to get here from the Horsham so we were expecting a lot from this place. It's not The Halal Guys which me and my boyfriend LOVE, but this comes close! 
We got the NY combo of chicken and lamb, which is $7.99 each. Total came out to about $17. Even got extra white sauce free of charge.
The rice wasn't as soft as I would have liked it. BF didn't like how there were onions bc he hates onions. We both really enjoyed the white and red sauce. The red sauce was actually spicy. The chicken was good but the lamb was alright. They did include way more rice than meat sadly but it's very filling! 
Would come back!I ordered delivery from here and the food came quick and included everything. The food itself was delicious and seasoned perfectly. The rub that's on the chicken tikka was excellent and the perfect amount of heat.The food is pretty good (not the absolute best food I've ever had, but it is consistently really good) and delivery is always on time. I have never eaten in the establishment, just gotten delivery or take-out, but they always get my order right, I never have to wait long, and everyone is very pleasant. It is not a fancy place by any means, but it seems to be clean and well-run. Very happy with the service and quality.
If you're not sure what to get, I recommend the New York style options. I've ordered it a few times, and the quality is consistent every time I get it.Great service, the lady who served us was friendly and helpful
A very large variety of Lebanese, Indian and American food plus pizza!
Very large portions
Shwarma sandwiches are amazing
Prices are very reasonable
The only negative thing about our food was that everything was bit too salty.
It's not a fancy place not much of ambiance! Not the place for fine dining.This place has the potential to be great! 
Yesterday was my first time ordering from Al Sham. I got the "New York" chicken over rice & a chicken kabob. My friend got the lamb kabob & a chicken quesadilla.
First, let me say that everything was seasoned well, the portion sizes were on point, and we both loved the white sauce.
Also, we got delivery and the service was good. The woman who took our phone order was nice and the delivery guy was quite friendly.
On to why I only can give them 4 stars at this time...The chicken and the lamb for the kabobs were dry & overcooked.  There was an overabundance of white sauce on my chicken over rice.  The quesadilla only had chicken & cheese on it.  Usually a quesadilla has some sort of vegetable as well as meat, even if only a sparse amount.
But all that being said, I would order from them again because the flavors of everything we ordered were delicious! Next time I place an order though, I will just have to be that a-hole customer who is asking a bunch of questions & requesting specifications on her food prep lol
Overall, I am glad I decided to try this place!i order from them on last night and my food was very very bad my husband order the nyc combo which was chicken and lamb it was cold when we recive our food.it was not the best i have gotten food before and the service was great after the second time they forgot my pita bread.this time my food was cold.we love this place and i love the chicken shawma and rice but what i recevie last night was not good.I always order from this place because it's close to my job and good food but a few times that I have ordered through grub hub they either forget my order or give it to someone else. I usually don't make a fuss but today I ordered for pickup hoping it would be ready in time since I was running late to work. I get to the store and ask for my order and the man at the register and women look like they seen a deer. They scramble around and finally tell me someone else took my order earlier. So I'm like ok you didn't think of making me a new one?  The man says it'll take 10 mins and not even apologizes. Of course I am pissed because now I am even later for work and I tell him and he ignores me. Great service. Not!  Finally my orders done and he says see I told u it'll take 10 mins i tell him that's not the issue the issue is u basically didn't think of making me a new order after you gave mine away and he tells me he doesn't care!  I was appalled that's not how you treat a customer. Besides the lack of proper service their food is always good but if I will be treated like that then goodbye!I have ordered from here a few times and I have never been dissapointed. The food is D-licious! lamb shawarma sandwich, veggie samosa, and falafels are my favorites.I simply could not get what was the concept behind NY chicken or lamb, it seemed they tried to copy halal guys, but please as a courtesy place the sauces on individual table. My rice was floating in the white sauce and the hot sauce was only a dot on top. 
Apart from this the pricing was right and the service was good.I feel judged whenever I walk into this place because I am not Arabian and do not wear hijab. I have tattoos and I get dirty looks just because I am American does not mean I cannot eat middle eastern food. I sat down placed my order and suddenly I did not receive my order an hour later on a slow night because my waitress did not put in my order. The food it takes about 5 to 10 minutes the most to me I waited 65 minutes and 43 seconds to be exact. I recommend the food car near the Roosevelt mall I love it there!!I don't know if this place changed staff or management or what, but the portions are smaller, and the quality just isn't there. I ordered a chicken shawarma wrap and mozzarella sticks today. I order this weekly and it's always delicious. Today though? There was about half the usual filling in the shawarma and the mozzarella sticks went from fat battered ones to skinny breaded ones. I also ordered a slice of carrot cake, and it's about half the size as previous orders. Sadly, this will probably be my last order, as it's been declining quality and portions the last 3 orders I've had.My husband and I came here and dined in. The place was empty for the dining in section,  but we noticed that a lot if customers came in and ordered take out. I ordered the mixed shish kabob with rice and my husband ordered the ny chicken and rice along with chicken kabobs. My rice was too dry and his ny chicken and rice was definitely not THE ny chicken and rice. However he liked it. The falafel we ordered for take out was delicious. since we were in the Separate section, We Weren't Attended To As often Even Though THE place Wasn't busy. I would go back again for take out and try something else.i love it i order today and i am a fan of this place.great service the beef samosa were tasty .and the chicken and rice was good.i had a craving for this.overall it was pretty good.me and my husband will be backk.......The food is awesome I love the Middle Eastern food it's amazing and they even have a kids menu just in case your kids are brats like mine, and don't want to open up their minds. Lol  They have chicken fingers and french fries and pizza 
LOL I love the hummus and this place is a true gemBeen here a few times because I work nearby.  The NY combo is exactly like Halal in NYC. I have to stop myself from eating here everyday.
The falafel is also delicious. I had pizza once, and it was also I incredible.I went there for the new york style platter and forgot to tell I didn't want chicken and lamb,but got it anyway. I loved the chicken, but thought the white sauce was taziki and it wasn't. My daughter loved my leftovers and my little one had the chicken swarma and loved it and wants to go back. We definitely would!Since relocating to the north east section of the city, I have been ordering from here for a few weeks. Amazing Middle Eastern Food. Always come quick and is still hot and fresh. It's never over cooked or over spiced which is great. Delivery guy is always pleasant and quick. Very authentic stuff just like "Sittie" use to make it.I have yet to try something from this restaurant that I didn't like. The food is so good! From their cheese steaks to their rice platters to their pizza. Everything is on point.I used to drive up to NYC from Rutgers soley for the reason of satisfying the platters cravings.  Moving back to philly area this is my new go to spot to fill that craving.   To be honest it's not quite the NYC streetcart experience but so far the close as I can get without making that trip up.
Just be ready they aren't quick to put together your meal.  Plan on calling ahead or be ready for a 15, 20 min wait for your food.  In NYC I prefer the lamb over the chicken.  Here I prefer the Chicken platter over the lamb.
If you live close by their pizza's are pretty delicious.  The crust is a thicker chewy crust.  I can't really compare it to anywhere else but it's pretty darn delicious and def worth a try.Their chicken kebob sandwich is delicious and borderline addictive! Perfect flavorful chicken, an amazing sauce that compliments the chicken and yummy pickles. The falafel is also very good with a little kick. I don't think I would ever dine in but it's perfect for take out!Very good food. The rice I'd amazing and the sauce is actually hot. Not bland like most places. The price is reasonable and we got our food very quickly.Love Al-Sham.. Foood is A1
My favorite spot here in the Northeast
Fast service so you know you have to get a taste!Eat your chicken over rice very carefully!!! I found way too many pieces of bone in mine. Now my tooth hurts. 
The chicken maroosh sandwich was pretty good tho.This place is literally a diamond in the rough. And by Diamond I mean, 138388383 karat princess cut whatever diamond. Yes, I'm serious.
Food 5/5
It's crazy. I'm reflecting on the meal as I type this but the food is legit. The maroush is better than Saads, which I previously reviewed, and it's just unreal. The chicken is marinated and so flavorful. We also ordered the chicken over rice, something I order frequently to test how good a middle eastern place is. They knock it out the park. (Also, if you like Halal Guys, you're a garbage human being with low standards) And we also ordered the Al Sham platter, which consisted of  3 different types of kabobs and a side of garlic sauce and hummus. The kabobs were cooked perfectly and flavorful and the rice was fluffy and aromatic. The hummus sucked, no sugar coating it.
Service 3/5
Something they can definitely improve. You don't have servers here but I didn't expect much from a place so close to North Philadelphia. Honestly any place off of Caster Avenues exit off 95 is super sketch. But it's not the worst.
Ambience 4/5
This one is tough. They divide the restaurant into two different spots. One side is a subpar eating area that's straightforward but the other dining hall is much more classier and inviting. The lighting is dim and it's nice. You'd take your main girl there. The side I ate on is where you'd take your side piece, not as nice but you're doing something.
All in all, I love this place. It beats damn near most of the places I previously liked so much in Philadelphia. Honestly, I've never been more satisfied from a Middle Eastern experience.This is my favorite Middle Eastern spot in this part of the Northeast. I like the Shawarma plate with rice, and the chicken kebab sandwich. 
Don't sleep on the cheesesteaks either. 
For the record, Steve's is my place....but the steaks here have that garlic toum on the rolls. It's a cheesesteak with garlic aioli. It's satisfying. 
Try them out!Me and my hubby ordered the lamb shawarma sandwiches. Being from the Middle East we weren't really expecting much but.....wow! So good and tasty! Just 1 filled him up, :) this is our 3rd time eating from here and every time we do it just gets better and betterThe food is okay here, but the preparation takes forever. They have about 3 people working in the kitchen and they don't have any customers dining in but they still manage to take their good old time and take forever. The food is also highly overpriced and it was not amazing and on top of that extremely  slow service. Other than that their food was okay and the workers were nice.I came here one evening looking to get my shawarma fix.  They hit this on the nail that time and every time since, both chicken and lamb.  The Maroosh is my new favorite - it's tasty and HUGE (Yes, that's what she said.)  You really can't go wrong with anything you get... at least, with my many experiences here so far.
With a wide selection of items, everything fresh, nicely seasoned and home made, all at a price that keeps my wallet happy, are you really surprised Al-Sham is my favorite lunch spot?Ambiance is non-existent. That's okay. Ambiance doesn't make the food taste better - some of the best meals I've had have been in places that might have actually been dumpsters. I don't recall what the service was like which means it was probably perfectly fine. 
The chicken shawarma was good. The lamb kebabs were good. Everything was pretty good! It wasn't the best Middle Eastern food I've had, but it was slightly above average. And they have garlic sauce. Like, actual garlic sauce. I'm from the hills of Appalachia, but I travel to Michigan a lot, which is an epicenter of Middle Eastern culture, and I'd had garlic sauce at restaurants there, but never expected to see it again, because again, I'm from the hills of Appalachia and didn't expect to find myself in a city with Middle Eastern restaurants again. But they had it! And it was great! 
I also credit this place with introducing me to baba ghanouj. HOLY CRAP. All this time I've been eating hummus when I COULD have been eating baba ghanouj. Seriously, guys. When I'm dying, and my grandchildren are gathered around my sick bed, asking me what I regret most in life, I'm going to be like "I waited thirty years before I tried baba ghanouj because normally eggplants suuuuuuuck"The New York chicken and lamb is amazing.  I order it every week and the service is exceptional.  I highly recommend if you haven't tried.  They also have American dishes.Amazing food!!!! The meat is so tender and well seasoned. It's super cheap and comes out very quickly. The people who work here are always friendly! I recommend the New York combo!I was quite skeptical at first due to the bold and flashy windows, but, please don't judge a book by its cover. The flavor profiles that I have had the pleasure of enjoying have been nothing shy of exceptional. The NY Platter with chicken is mouth watering goodness. The vegetable and chicken samosas are a flavor explosion, you won't want to stop eating them. Not feeling adventurous? You will NOT be disappointed by the cheesesteak (on what tastes like a homemade soft amazing roll), the cheeseburger, the pizza, Stromboli.. I could keep going but I'm just making myself hungry. Do yourself a favor, maybe step outside of your comfort zone and give your tastebuds a treat.Iam a frequent customer of al shams. The workers there offer excellent service and high quality food. The chicken maroosh and chicken and lamb gyros are absolutely delicious. I also recommend trying the chicken samosa appetizers. They are amazing!! Food is amazing however I can't say the same for the hookahs they pack.Huge menu of American, Mediterranean, and Pakistani dishes.  With that said their bbq ribs were soft, delicious and fell off the bone.  The cheesesteak with everything also fresh and great.  The Al sham mixed platter meat was soft and succulent but the bed of rice was greasy.  Service was not great because of the dinner rush but everyone was nice.Not bad, I just got confused when I saw indian food on the menu and clearly it's not an indian restaurant. So I ordered that, Chicken tikka with rice, and it came out okay even though it tastes like frozen food. Doesn't taste like legit indian food at all, but it's fine.. edible.Best halal food I've ever eaten. I have been eating there for many years and my personal favorite has to be chicken Maroosh made with white sauce. They have a variety food of middle eastern, Indian AND American food. Also they serve breakfast and pizza all day. Come check out Alsham's food. I guarantee you won't regret it. And their customer service is great also, they have created a very friendly environment for all customers. By the way their New York style platters are much better than the halal guys. Make sure to try that out next time you stop by. And I surely am going to come back again and again.The lamb is still great, but the service is very unfriendly and not only did they raise the prices AGAIN! They now nickel and dime you for everything and don't allow any substitutions. I've deleted their number from my phone and won't be visiting again.The blessing better known as the Al-Sham Pizza! Absolute must try item on the menu!!! My personal favorite, surprisingly delicious pizza for a middle eastern restaurant! Enjoy!!This is our go to restaurant for middle eastern food. Great food, portions and prices! They also deliver quickly and have a great drink selection.I love the NYC style Halal chicken and rice here. Make sure to get the mango lassi to go with it too!My favorite restaurant ck maroosh,Mix Alsham,hummus,Kibbe,samosa,everything is amazing Alsham is the best in Philadelphia and the people is very nice and the price is very good a lot of food in good price 
Good deal 
Thanks guys for amazing foodIf I could give less than 1 star I would. The owners are rude and disrespectful . I have never been treated so poorly. The food sucks at time and they appear to have an issue with cleanliness. Nasty, Dirty , the worst.Amazing food, for a bargain! My favorite is the New York Style Gyro platter!Ordered lentil soup and chicken kebab. Both items had a lot of flavor, sauces are good and everything seemed fresh. Excellent place.This is the closest you will get to the famous chicken and rice in NYC living in the Philadelphia area..decided to give it a shot after seeing on yel they had an entree appropriately called NY chicken and rice that comes with the white and red sauce...i was surprised how amazing it was....I actually feel it was slightly better than the NYC one bc the chicken was juicier and better seasoned...glad to satisfy my NY chicken and rice craving so close to homeI would give this place 10 stars if I could. The food is exceptional. I came here with my family and ordered hummus with pita, ny combo and an okra dish. The okra was out if this world. The service was superb and the people working there are so warm. 
This will be my go to place each time I visit philly :) thank you for such good food!This is my favorite halal restaurant in Philly. Excellent food at reasonable prices and a very friendly staff. Recently had a large family party in their attached lounge/party room. Food was great as always and staff was very accommodating. Owners are a husband and wife couple that have high regard for quality in their ingredients and food. Great attention to detail is also present in their food presentation and restaurant ambience. 
My two favorite dishes are the Chicken Maroosh sandwich and the NY style Chicken and Lamb gryo over rice. From personal experience I can say the gyro here is much better than anything you'll get in NYC. 
Also, this restaurant is completely halal. No alcohol allowed. As an added bonus this restaurant is also handicapp accessible. Definitely worth the drive to Philly to check this place out. 
Lastly, masjid Al-Furqan is very close (5min drive). We need more halal restaurants to follow this model. I have family that comes to Philly just to visit this restaurant. I highly recommend this quality establishment. You won't be disappointed.This place is "Smack yo momma good!" I ordered the tandoori chicken and it was so SO good! Made a deal with the devil GOOD!
My friend ordered a pizza. At first I wasn't sure how good a pizza made from a middle eastern restaurant could be... That pizza was the best damn pizza I had in a long time! It was so good that I started offering up money for more of my friends pizza! 
You will not be disappointed with this restaurant!This spot has great falafel wraps and samosas. The food is pretty inexpensive too. Any time I'm in the area with an appetite I try to stop by.3 stars for service and the tvs inside food was greasy i ordered ny chicken and rice i got some other stuff with peices of  beef and chicken  the rice had a lots of water from the salad and oil n vinger the rice very delicious if it was dry no water otherwise its a clean place anf different culture, the  biggest issues is parking almost got rear ended tryng to parkOrdered takeout because my wife requested Middle Eastern for her birthday.  Both the chicken and lamb kebob entree were tender, flavorful and fresh!  We also tried the sampler and it was fantastic.  My school is nearby so I can see lots of dinners in my future.  I highly recommend this authentic establishment!I have lived in NE Philly for years and one day I discovered this gem. Food is awesome and people r awesome. It's not a five star restaurant but food is certainly five star. I have tried NY style chicken platter, Kabab platter and curry chicken. They r all delicious. I can probably eat this food everyday.The New York Chicken with rice is very good. The hot sauce is amazing. It packs a nice punch and has a nice flavor. I also got the chcken shwarma. It was pretty good with a nice flavor. The wrap itself would fall apart due to all great stuff on the inside. It was soggy. I would definteltly eat there again and try something mew.