This place was great! Love the cozy atmosphere inside this second level restaurant with great people-watching views. The cocktails are tasteful and fun, and their wine selection is good. The food was delightful! We started with the beets and then both ordered the seasonal sweet potato gnocchi,  with a panna cotta to satisfy our sweet tooth for dessert. Overall experience was lovely and our server, Joe, was so welcoming and attentive. Definitely recommend this place to all and will be back again!When dining out, my girlfriend and I enjoy a mix of great food tastes, a well-managed beer menu, engaging staff, eclectic ambiance, and a good value (and yes, we are ok with dropping $200 for a dinner for two.)
Our visit to Aldine satisfied 2.5 of these five stars - great tastes and an eclectic ambiance.
Their beer list was ok. The service was sterile and perfunctory. And, dinner for two was $135 before tip. The $25-26 entries were delicious and reminded us of tapas - however, Aldine is not a tapas restaurant.
We probably won't be returning.I loved my dinner at Aldine last weekend. I give the food, the service, and the ambiance all five stars. The highlights were the pastina with wild mushrooms (on the menu), pasta with boar, and mushroom, barley, egg dish (both were specials--they had fancier names than what I listed but I can't recall). Really interesting flavors, all of them. Also, tried two very interesting brews from Tired Hands Brewery. The servers were friendly and professional. And, the very special treat was that we could hear each other speak (which seems to have become rare or maybe my hearing is just getting worse). I am already planning my return trip. This place is going in my top five with Zahav, Fitler, Barbuzzo, and ... ok my top four.U can skip this place. Terrible service and below average food. One review rates its as comparable to Zahav and other great places in Philly and thats the only reason we wanted to try this place. First we were 15min late and received a call to confirm our rez because as the hostess said "we are holding your table". When we arrived the place was almost empty. The waiter described the menu in detail (lots of details) and forgot to mention that they were out certain items and decided that it was ok to substitute those items in the dishes with pickled vegetables; also forgot to mention that for Aldine "puffed quinoa" means burned inedible charred quinoa. The food took forever to arrive and the waiter came too fast to take the plates/food away... Why hurry us when the place is almost empty?. I gave this place two starts because the cocktails were really good, but thats about it. I wont be coming back.Nataly N continued to amaze me for my birthday weekend with another surprise dinner.  This time, we dined alone ;)
Aldine had been on my to-try nearly since it opened.  They offer three courses, plus dessert, and drinks via their a la carte menu.  As I've always preferred a variety of food versus a huge portion of one dish when dining out, their type of menu plays to my preferences.  
We each began with a cocktail and first.  I cannot recall the name of my cocktail, but you'll know it as the one with tequila, watermelon, and a chilli pepper spice.  The spice was not overpowering, but did help ensure I didn't down the drink in one go!  As for our firsts, we shared the beets and corn + truffle custard.  The beet salad came with a cashew butter that helped balance the ingredients.  The custard appeared simple and straight forward, but after tasting I realized it had 'a lot going on' with bits of mushroom and tomato.
Instead of each ordering a second, we split the heirloom tomato.  Like the previous salad, it was well assembled and presented.  I could share more notes, but it went down so quickly!
We ended the savory dishes by sharing the culotte steak and pork coppa.  I was surprised just how well the blueberry paired with the pork and black garlic chips that came with the steak ensure each bite was excellent.  No worries about temperature as they were both cooked perfectly.
We ended the night with dessert, including a well place candle arranged by Nataly N.  Their olive oil cake was rather simple but nonetheless delicious.  The panna cotta was smooth and very easy to enjoy.
To round out my review, I can touch on service and atmosphere.  It was easy to say service was amazing.  Prompt coverage without interrupting our alone time.  Greeting smiles with great recommendations. On atmosphere, yes the dining area was very basic.  However, it was also very bright and filled with natural light as we dined just before sundown.  I feel it helped us be ourselves and feel comfortable while enjoying our fine dining we didn't need to lift a finger to prepare...I have visited Aldine twice: the first time, I mostly enjoyed the meal with the exception of slow service ... the second time, the experience was dampened by sassy service. First, in terms of food, I think most of the dishes are actually quite good. Some are creative (maybe a little too creative for some people's palettes), and the misses seemed to involve pasta both times. Second, the cocktails are also very good; I like that they make their own syrups and offer creative cocktails with quality ingredients. The food and the drinks make me want this restaurant to succeed, but I seriously don't understand what's going on with the servers, hence 2 stars knocked down. As I said, the first time I came here, service was slow, so dinner took somewhere between 3 and 4 hours (and it's not like we had a 7-8 course tasting menu), but it wasn't a big negative since I was enjoying my dinner company and there wasn't a hint of rudeness. The second time, the server seemed annoyed with our table, possibly because there was a vegan in the group who was a little nervous. Most places such as this one should be able to accommodate dietary restrictions without fuss (and it's not like we were in a David Chang establishment, where it's expressly advertised that no restrictions would be accommodated). Maybe having a vegan diner was annoying to the chef, although I doubt it, but the server gave enough sass and attitude (even strongly hinting at the number of plates we need to order) that we really were not feeling warm and friendly vibes dining there. Was he annoyed that there were only 3 or 4 other tables with patrons (on a Thursday night) and that his collective earnings from tips for the night were not going to be what he thought? Who knows, but if that keeps up I will find it difficult to recommend this place to friends ... a shame given the culinary talent in the kitchen.Beautiful space, well trained staff and an elevated food experience. Everything is locally sourced and Home made, even their unique daily breads and butter! I could eat the corn custard dish every day if my life. But what I love most are their cocktails, specifically the gin w/ mint cucumber. They go down almost too easy! I have been following the owner & chef, George Sabatino, from Stateside and glad he's found a place to call home in Rittenhouse.Went to Aldine last night and it was fantastic. The room is cozy and feels contemporary at the same time. The servers are down to earth and attentive. All of the food we had was great. I had an appetizer that was essentially a vegetarian carpaccio with an abalone mushroom. It was so rich and perfectly balanced- it was a special but they're adding it to the menu. I had a pasta in a mushroom broth for dinner which was also fantastic. And the peanut chocolate panna cotta was one of the best I've ever had (and I'm a big panna cotta fan). This would be a great place to take a date, or to catch up with a close friend. Great straight forward food in a quiet and modern atmosphere.Just wow.
Other Philadelphia restauranteurs...eat a meal at Aldine and take notes. Fantastic vibe, super friendly and knowledgeable staff, and superb fresh seasonal cuisine.Stopped in to Aldine on Friday night for a post-dinner drink and ended up getting a preview of some items that are now on the tasting menu. Atmosphere is minimalist romantic. Drinks were superb - interesting concoctions that actually were coherent (unlike other high end mixology-based bars in Philly). Smoked scallop was perfection, and the garnishes (fennel cracker? YES PLEASE) were creative and well executed. The carrot cake???  Delicious! Also got to try the butter sundae and chocolate mousse, both were excellent. Chef George (and his entire staff) was gracious, informative, and clearly is cooking at the top of his game. Just GO, order the tasting menu, and enjoy! I will be back soon and often.This creative restaurant is on the 2nd floor of an old building, a salute to the nearby hotel of the 1920s by the same name. Menu has three groups of dishes (from small to large). I chose from Groups 1 &3, starting with chicken liver pate, with garnishes. The Arctic char was lovely both visually and to the taste. 
A nice asst of liquors. No beers on draft-is that a conscious decision to be "different"? Nice microbrew selection in can & bottle. They prepare their own sodas too-very good, not too sweet. Excellent service too.We went here on recommendation from a friend, and this place hit it out of the park. Great ambience, outstanding beverages, and great service. We started with the fluke crudo (European sushi) and some cocktails. Delicious! The next course was even better: roast carrot salad that would knock your socks off, and a sausage appetizer to die for. I moved on to wine, and had a killer Bordeaux. Main courses were spectacular: roast duck breast and steak. My glass of priorat perfectly paired with themOur new favorite restaurant in Philadelphia
Right up there with Zahav, Vernick, High Street on Market, Brigantessa.  Our party of four had everything on the menu except one main and one second as well as the two specials (crudo and stuffed zucchini blossoms).  Chef George Sabatino has an amazingly creative and  thoughtful menu, with many vegetarian options.  He makes his own bread, as well as all dairy products including delicious cultured butter with salt flakes.  He also supports area farmers (Three Spring Farms, etc) and is committed to local vegetable, dairy and meat producers.  
Standout dishes:  special crudo with sea scallops with picked vegetables and sprouts (amazing!), charred onion salads, roasted carrots, grilled zuccini, grilled pork  belly (using a heritage Hereford pig, which I didn't even know existed raised by Jennifer Sabatino's father) and pork sausages.  The main dish, fazzoletti (fresh pasta hankerchiefs with duck prosciutto) was one of the best pasta dishes we have had anywhere (in a city of standout pasta dishes with Le Virtu, Brigantessa, Il PIttore).  I usually never like panna cotta (too bland), but Aldine's version is a standout with two types of cherries (pickled Rainer and sweet cherry preserves) and almonds. 
Finally, wonderful beer list (two great drafts by Tired Hands made especially for Aldine), reasonably priced wine list and terrific service (Alex our waiter was terrific).  
We will definitely be back and bring all our friends.Don't be fooled by the boring menu write up. The menu looks ordinary, but the food coming out of this kitchen is the work of an imaginative perfectionist.  He marries flavor combinations and textures so thoughtfully that we can only imagine the sleepless nights that have gone into each creation. If this guy was single I think my husband would leave me for him.  In our opinion this is the best food in philly right now.   You have to try this place. It is not to be missed. It is very reasonably priced for the quality and work that is obvious in each dish.  Please bring an open mind, he's trying the new, so don't be thrown off by an undercooked raw vegetable here and there.   Also make sure to compose your bites. Some dishes won't make sense unless you get each component on your fork. Cheers!!!Aldine is on the 2nd floor and not wheelchair accessible.  This is not noted on Yelp.(Sunday Dec 20th, 2015)
I have been watching amazing photos of food from Aldine over the previous few months and when I (finally(!)) had a few hours in Philadelphia a short period of time after Aldine started a prix fixe dinner on Sundays!
I arrived (way) early (virtually no traffic in Philli that day ) so had a quick beer in the bar next door before walking up the staircase to aldine
aldine had a special beer on 'Debutante', from a gypsy brewer called Stillwater (who I had not heard of before!) - it was excellent
I had a shrimp ceviche (as an amuse buche) which was stunning - the orange played of amazingly against the shrimp - very nice. 
I then had the carrot app, which while the shrimp was amazing, the carrot was off the planet - yes I know, CARROT, but really it was
The main was grilled steak with sesame broccoli. Eating it reminded me of something I had eaten before. Only a lot better! 
The dessert was the apple semifredo which finished the meal perfectly
Overall, stunning value, and a great way to spend a Sunday evening in Philli - great job by the Sabatino'sThe dishes were all very complex, with elements you typically would not mix together, but still work. 
The menu is organized by the heaviness of the dish and the waiter was very informative.  The decor is also lovely, creating a simple but intimate feeling space. 
However the tap water had a terrible aftertaste and they had no bottled water to serve. Additionally, there was almost no air circulation in the restaurant, so the room was sweltering hot. It was also a bit difficult to hold a conversation because it was so loud during dinner.Came here recently on a Saturday night with my husband. At first we felt a little judged for not being hipster enough, but we quickly moved past it. We started out with cocktails and I liked that the majority of the liquors are local. As others may have mentioned, the portions are on the small side, but it's like a create your own tasting menu. We shared a 1st course, got our own 2nd and 3rd, then shared 2 desserts. I think the portion sizes were on par with plenty of tasting menus that I have had at other similar level places. I certainly did not leave hungry. 
Ambiance: dark, minimal, industrial, music was the Smiths, Depeche Mode, etc.I went from not being blown away to really respecting the food at Aldine. You can tell that there is a lot of thought put into every dish. This is not the place to go if you are looking for a glutinous cheat meal. All of the dishes are prepared in a clean and healthy manner. They truly respect the quality of their ingredients and they do very little to enhance them as far as salt, fat etc. You will leave here satisfied and not feeling poorly about what you just ate. I thought the carrots could have been a tad more tender and the zucchini soup a little more exciting. Other than that we were very pleased. Probably one of the cleanest meals I have had out aside from the top vegan restaurants in Philly.Food was sub par. Bland and boring. When we were going to send an item back  the waitress was argumentative and said that that's how it's supposed to taste. If you're going for flavorless  they hit the nail on the head. Was not happy with our overall experience. Would not recommend, there are much better options in PhiladelphiaI really enjoy coming here.  While I have only been here two or three times, the wait staff is always super friendly, knowledgeable of the menu, and give great recommendations on what to order. It's a nice setting, the times I have been its very relaxed, and quiet.    The view is great - it is on the second floor with a lot of windows. Ask for a table by the window, when it is snowing it is absolutely gorgeous!I had the Sunday 3 course meal and it was great. I started with the butternut squash custard, had the mushroom agnolotti entree, and olive oil cake for dessert (all vegetarian). I enjoyed the flavors of all of them, rich and interesting textures. My companion had a vegan 3 course with roasted beets, roasted sunchokes and crispy potatoes, and a dark chocolate pear dessert. There is a nice selection on the drink list, and the cocktail and wine we ordered were nice accompaniments. The service was great and accommodating and the ambiance was very nice.The food was good but I have had better in the city. The drinks I had were fine, nothing great. The service was awful. I have seen it written on other reviews that the service was not good and it's true. We had dirty dishes piled up on our table. We would have gotten more drinks if the server ever came back to inquire. When asking questions about the menu the server seemed annoyed.
If they get rid of this server I would have given Aldine 4 stars.My wife and I visited Aldine on 19th and Chestnut on New Year's Eve. It was a great evening out. Our server Tom was very knowledgeable about the menu, which adds to the experience. I first had a beautiful bourbon cocktail that had the perfect amount of kick to go with the Apple cider, lemon and spice - Quite pleasing and refreshing. We had a fantastic five course menu with wine paring, which I think is one of those things that you miss when going to a BYOB. Everything went very well together. 
My favourite dishes were the Kampachi Crudo (delicious house made buttermilk, pickled radish to give a crisp, tangy taste), sausage crusted lamb with sprouted grain salad (absolutely flawless, house sprouted grains, very surprising).
Last but not least. The Chef, George Sabatino, what a cool dude, kinda reminded me of Chef Martin Hamann. It's always great meeting a chef who doesn't think he's God's gift to cooking. He was friendly, took critique with a smile, interacted the guests well. 
I am going to be returning for more great food and friendly service!This would have been a one star review had the manger not had the foresight to comp us a round of drinks.  We went here for center city sips last night and the place was busy but by no means filled to capacity so it was baffling that it took more than 30 minutes to get our first round of drinks.  Food came out a bit quicker but not much.  Then when we were ready for our second round of drinks they had run out of the ingredients to make both (yes both) of their special priced drinks.  So we were not able to get them at any price.  The drinks were not consistent. My friend and I had the same whiskey based drink and hers was three times as strong as mine.  The food was inventive and tasty but the portion size very very small. The zucchini that we ordered looked more like a garnish than tapas. With that said to be fair this was a $5 portion for Sips.  I don't think that I would go back here - despite a lot of hand holding from the manager and apologies which were appreciated I think there are enough restaurants bars in center city that have already worked out most of their kinks.Aldine's staff seems very nice and they were really friendly. BUT-their food is overpriced and hyped up. My friends and I went to celebrate her birthday, and I guess we should have known that from the pictures the portions are so small!!! I guess that's why you have to order multiple dishes. We ordered the onion plate and pork belly with squid to first try out some plates because their menu isn't your typical menu. The onion salad filled only the halt of the plate and we were confused to what were eating. The pork belly lacked flavor and the rice crackers and squid did not complement the pork belly. I may have high standards for pork belly since I eat it regularly at home or with friends. My friends and I quickly left after trying the food. We went to Continental afterwards which is a block away.This place is legit.  It's vaulted right into my Top 3 spots for Philly, along with Zahav and Vernick.  Really really really good cooking, with a cool dining room, central location, friendly staff... And did I mention the really good cooking?  The kitchen is disciplined and skilled in making every dish have a perfect balance of flavors, with brightness and 'pop' and some real depth, paired with a range of textures.  Such an enjoyable experience - I went twice last week, and was oh so tempted to go again Monday night.
The 'raw beef' dish. Oh my.  I want more. Soooo good.  Tender substantive cuts of, you guessed it, raw beef, with tiny pops of crunch of quinoa, with a generous dollop of sauce gribiche.  This lovely green, creamy, salty-but-not-too-salty perfection of a sauce.  Just give me a squeeze bottle of the stuff, I want to guzzle it down, and put it on everything!  I had to pull out the Larousse to remind myself what the hell this was.  Aldine puréed theirs, rather than the classic emulsion, and I swear they added some other herbs (basil, mint??), in addition to the classic ingredients.  I haven't had a sauce linger on my mind, like this, for a long time.
The second dish that stands out was their onion soup.  Such a simple dish, I almost skipped it.  Thankfully, I didn't.  Clean, unencumbered, it had such depth of flavor, savoriness, richness - it was remarkable.  I hope that goes onto the regular menu.  Try it, much better than the cheezy crap of a mess you'll get at Parc.
The chef has a real talent for citrus.  He blends it into his dish seamlessly.  Great examples were the cauliflower with truffle, orange and hazelnut.  And the crudo.  Well-executed dishes.
Also had the pork belly with squid and mint and crisps of black rice; the breast of duck with cabbage and quince; and the skate with clams and brown butter.  All excellent.  Though I would put the duck on top, and the skate on the bottom, the latter not being as well integrated of a dish as everything else at Aldine.  The duck was perfectly cooked and portioned generously.  I would order the duck again in a heartbeat.  Next time I have to try the steak with tendon.
There have been a lot of good, rightly priced restaurants introduced to Philly in the last few months - Treemont, Abe Fisher and this place. Lucky Philly!  Still no true seafood place, but Aldine is as good as it gets with that limitation.I have been here a number of times and every time I'm super happy I came. The food is always incredible and the service and ambiance is wonderful. Trust me, if you're in Center City and looking for a great meal that will surprise you.. go here!I went to Aldine on a Saturday night at 8pm for a drink with a  friend. The location is fabulous, and one of the first things I noticed was how comfortable the atmosphere was. It was warm on a cold night, softly lit, and smelled like cedar and good food. The service was friendly and helpful. 
We each had a cocktail; I had the vodka Campari lemon cocktail and my friend had the rye cocktail. I must say I LOVED mine so much. It was fantastic and my friend and I agreed that the house-made Campari was out of this world. 
We tried the beet salad, and while it tasted good, it was not as much food as I was expecting. Unsure of the portion sizes of other dishes, but I would say this was almost too small to really enjoy. I just wanted more! 
Will I be back? For a cocktail for sure.My friends came here on sips night, and I was very pleased with the food, ambiance, and the prices*
In terms of the drinks Aldine had three different kind, one with cucumber, one w/apple and one that was like an orange/champagne mix. While all of the drinks were quite delicious and inexpensive ($5), it would have been nicer if they added less ice into the mixture. As for the appetizers, we tried their corn and truffle custard, smoked trout tartine and fresh sausage, in addition to a few of the sips appetizers (including a beet dish, a chicken liver mouse dish and a buffalo potato dish). Of all of these, I was not the biggest fan of the buffalo potato, as it tasted liked fried potatoes smothered in buffalo chicken sauce...exactly like how you imagine it, but that was it. The fresh sausage was really quite remarkable, primarily due to the very tangy, spicy sauce that accompanied each of the freshly made sausage chunks. The trout tartine was ok, but for $10 plus on a little dish, I felt rather disappointed.
What really sells this place is the ambiance, as it is situated on the second floor in the middle of center city and the view and overall classy/traditional vibe is really wonderful.
At the end of the day, the four of us spent $100 on 4 appetizers and 2 rounds of drinks during sips day, which is kinda pricy and we all left for meal #2-3, but for the taste, this place certainly has you covered.
Food: 4 stars
Price: 3 stars
Ambiance: 4-5 stars
Service: 4-5 starsThe service left something to be desired. The crudo was amazing but the other dishes we ordered were lacking. Drinks were lovely.This is a 4.5er. For those of you who remember Noche - the sticky floors, the smell of desperation, men (boys) with cheap tastes drunk off of even cheaper beer, trying and failing miserably to garner the attention of college girls - it has finally been replaced with an establishment certainly more deserving of the location, and even more so, your time.
Came here for dinner, had a wonderful experience. The crudo, raw beef, pork belly, pappardelle - all well-executed.  The dishes are all full of flavors that work incredibly well together. The chef is on point.  The service is on point, and it's fun to eat somewhere that's not at street level (second floor). The only criticism I really have is that the dessert was nowhere nearly as good as the food that preceded it. The chocolate mousse was  fine but the panna cotta was a major let down for a restaurant of this sort. Also, dessert plating could have been better as well; the small bowls likely take away from what otherwise may have been an experience augmented by the visuals of the mousse. That being said, this a must-dine. Go here, eat here, be merry, just avoid the panna cotta.Aldine is truly a hidden gem. I've been to the restaurant twice and I've come away only more impressed and satiated after my second experience. The chefs and owners here are truly on to something, curating their ingredients and preparing dishes on constant rotation is something they seem to carry out expertly. The celery mousse is an example of something that's simple yet exceptionally creative and delicious. The daily crudo is a constant surprise as its made with the catch of the day. Steak here is cooked to perfection and is probably some of the best I've eaten. I have no reservations in recommending Aldine and saying that this restaurant is poised to be something bigger in the very near future. Two thumbs up for chef Michael Ferreri and crew.Although this restaurant is beautiful, the food and management is lacking. We came here on New Years Eve and was disappointed. Although they were great about making vegan options for 2 of us, all of the meals were disappointing. The flavors all tasted similar and boring. Nothing stood out to us. The bathrooms were freezing cold. They only have one bathroom for each gender and our party had to wait 5 minutes for the restroom every time we went. When you serve alcohol this is a problem. In addition the price of the prix fix menu was changed on us several times and we were still charged the higher amount. Our bill came to over 600 dollars for 4 people, and the food portions were small, luke warm, and lacked flavor even thought they were plated nicely. When I've paid that much for a meal in the past I always left impressed w a pleasant experience. I would never recommend this restaurant.We recently went for our first try at Aldine for the NYE 7:30 seating. It was $75/pp for 5 courses. Overall, dinner was very nice but we left unhappy and a little underwhelmed with the size of each course. 
We have dined at other restaurants with similar price points and felt extremely satisfied with our meals... this one left us wanting more (both a curse and a blessing I guess!) We added oysters and each had two drinks. In total, our bill was $150/pp. Each course was 3 or 4 bites, which is very very small. Even the entrée which was a lamb medallion, was given to us with 1  1/2 medallions... literally cut in half. For each of us. Like they couldn't give you two whole medallions? Did they run out of entrees that each diner was allotted only 1  1/2 medallions, each only being 2'' in diameter? (See pictures of Kwazi H.'s crusted lamb below - 1 1/2 medallions)
It was bizarre and we left feeling a little empty haha!  The service was wonderful, our waitress was excellent and very friendly.
I think we would try this again, not on a NYE night, and not a tasting menu. For now though, we'll probably revisit other restaurants in the area before going back to Aldine.Fresh and a symphony of flavors. Friendly servers. Glad we came. Ask for the oysters too.Drinks were great, very tasty bourbon cocktail to start, followed by a nice rose that went with well with many of the dishes. 
Highlights included the pasta with duck sausage, skate, and the sunchoke soup in particular. Menu is approachable and flows well, will return.We went to Aldine for Philadelphia Restaurant Week 2015. My boyfriend and I made sure to order a variety from their menu, and overall I was satisfied but also that I could've made a better choice for our semiannual restaurant week date. I would give Aldine a 3.5 if there were half star ratings.
My choices for the night were the kampachi crudo, onion soup, duck breast, and panna cotta. 
FIRST:
The kampachi was fresh and combined new culinary ideas of textures and flavors. I have had crude dishes in Philadelphia in which the sauce overpowered the freshness of the fish, but this was not the case for Aldine. They nailed the balance.
SECOND:
The onion soup I found far too sour for my palate, and you shouldn't order this expecting something similar to the classic French onion soup. My boyfriend's pork belly option was the clear winner in this case. This is the surf-and-turf (pork belly and squid) of my dreams and definitely the highlight of the night. 
THIRD:
I was surprised at how filling the portion of duck breast was for a Restaurant Week meal. Again, the citrus notes of the sauce did not overpower the flavor of the duck meat and I was able to enjoy a quality cut of meat for its natural flavor. 
FOURTH:
The panna cotta was in all honesty a terrible way to end my meal. It may have been the chef's intention, but the panna cotta was not set at all and I was served a bowl of gelatinous goo. If the flavor was delicious, it may have been forgivable, but I found my dessert to be too salty. 
The staff was very friendly, and gave us a coupon for our next meal. The dimly lit atmosphere was very romantic and quaint. Because this is a new restaurant, I am extremely hopeful that once they settle, Aldine will become a great place to dine.Came here the weekend before Valentines day for dinner. 
Service was exceptional, our server was friendly and pointed us in the right direction for food pairings. 
The menu is limited, so look at it before you come here. If you don't like the 9 selections they have, then find another place. 
They offer 3 cold apps, 3 room temperature choices and 3 hot choices plus dessert. 
We had one of each for the meal. 
I had a celery root custard. It was flavorful and artful on the plate with watermelon radish and other greens. It was creamy and flavorful. Just the right variance in textures.
My wife had the crudo of the day which she quickly ate up. I do not even remember what it was. 
For the second course, I had a decadent fois gras sausage. The consistency was excellent and the mixture of cranberry and pistachio added the right touch to the course.
My wife on suggestion of the waiter ordered sweet potato as something light between her first and second course. She again ate it quickly and decided it was the right choice. 
The third course I had beef neck. It was cooked perfectly and was a meaty flavorful course. It was well balanced.
My wife had a fish course that she absolutely loved, I forget what it was but it had a variety of other seafood.
For dessert I had a wonderful vanilla cake with caramel. It was delicious and ended the meal well. 
I liked the speed of how courses came out throughout the night. Nothing was rushed. We received appetizers and drink orders very quickly so I thought they may push things fast. But, then an appropriate amount of time came between courses.
My only disappointment was we did not have more of the food. Each of the courses are not large in size, but you do not leave hungry.  
Overall it was an excellent night at this location and I would recommend it.Finally!  This is the most inventive and artistic place to eat in the city. Playful textures and creamy blends that are unforgettable. I can't imagine Philadelphia without these chefs. The service from Alex was as exceptional as the food, however, service has been a problem for us on other visits.  If you have not yet dared to seek this place out, you have not experienced everything Philadelphia has to offer in the culinary universe. Please come with an open mind and ask for them to pair your drinks. Always get the oysters... Shrimp crudo was fantastic. Other stand outs were the mushrooms, pork belly, custard, steak... Oh that was the whole meal.I went here for restaurant week. The food was extremely salty and the drinks were really expensive. With so many other restaurants to chose from, I'm not sure why this place is here or how the experience was supposed to be unique in any way, but it just felt like overpriced small plates with a pound of salt dumped on top. Blech. I would honestly rather it just be Noche again so I could at least people watch bros at the bar.Horrible experience! It all started with our party being 5 minutes late, in which the hostess then informed us that our table was given away. We then sat at the bar, only to be told that every beer we wanted, was out of stock. After waiting for a half hour, we were seated. As foodies, we like to order everything on the menu and was told that they didn't think they could accommodate us. What kind of establishment is this? Our service was bad, our food was anything but good. Please do yourself a favor and go elsewhere. Too many good restaurants in Philly, don't waste your time here.I don't think I've ever liked food so much.
I have to thank George and Jennifer Sabatino for one of the best culinary experiences ever.  You can truly taste the passion, effort and thought that goes into each dish. I'm not sure what to recommend because it's all so incredible. We sat at the bar- which is always fun because you can see what goes on in the kitchen and had the crudo, oysters (They're a must!), beets, sun shrimp and steak with chimichurri. If your thinking about splurging a little for dinner, this was worth every cent.
Does. Not. Get. Any. Better. Than. This!Had dinner here before a performance at The Kimmel Center...everything was wonderful!  The staff was attentive, the cocktails inventive and the food was a-mazing!  Each dish was better than the one before.  I had the celery root with truffle, charred broccoli and pasta with mushrooms....each was a perfect portion and so delicious!  Cannot wait to come back!Good not great.  Had a 4 Course Tasting.  
My partner and I split Crudo and Raw Beef.  These were two solid dishes.  Borderline over salted which id rather have then under salted to be honest.   I was excited by the way the chef was playing with textures on both plates.  Two solid dishes.  2nd Course.  We both got Pork Belly.  This was the star of the night.  Technique was excellent.   Great acid in the squid salad.  Again great use of texture with the rice crackers.   3rd Course we split Duck and Skate.   Again technique was great.  Skate couldn't of been cooked better.  But flavors on both dishes became muddled with all the components. And both dishes were just good.   Dessert we had chocolate mousse and bread pudding.  I must say not a fan of overly sweet desserts but both dishes needed some sugar.  They both had savory components. And both didn't give you that satisfaction of dessert.It has been a long long wait since George and Jennifer Sabatino left Stateside.  But it was definitely worth the wait.  Amazingly inventive cocktails, creative (and more importantly, delicious) small and large plates makes this my vote for the Best New Restaurant in Philly for 2014.  Hands down.Went on a Saturday night with a few friends and enjoyed the prix fix menu. The service was gracious and friendly. The first course was tuna with fennel, brightly finished and enticing; the tuna was firm and perfectly textured. The second course of lamb roulade was more of a croquette, and delicious, rich and savory. The third course was hangar steak, with (multiple types of) mushrooms, potato and uni. It was an exotic preparation of a standard main course. The panna cotta with iced coffee was not too sweet and served at the perfect temperature (not too cold). The cocktails are elegant and in keeping with the menu and the wine prices are totally fair. Seriously recommended....Lovely place to dine. Great atmosphere, nice bar area, and just a fun time. Came here for restaurant week, and this is by far one of the better options this season. Their menu includes many of their normal ala carte items at a really great deal.
I had the kampachi crudo, the pork belly, duck breast and chocolate mousse. The crudo was probably my least favorite. The fish itself was fine, but I wasn't a fan of the citrus jelly and cream sauce. My friend got the raw beef, which I thought tasted much better.
The pork belly was my favorite. A succulent piece of fatty pork belly with a squid salad and crisped black rice. It was absolutely delicious. 
The duck breast was flavorful and tasty. There were one or two slices in the middle that was slightly too rare for me, but otherwise fine. I also tried a bite of my friend's mushroom papardelle, and it was equally tasty (though the portion for that was very small). 
I asked the waiter to recommend a dessert, and ended up with the chocolate mousse. It had sea salt and a bit of banana flavor. I enjoyed it more than I thought I would enjoy a mousse.
The plating here is beautiful and provides for an all around fun and visually pleasing meal.Hair in food. $300 bill.
Manager handled situation very rudely. Sent a $5 panna cotta as an apology. 
Will not be returning.I came here with my girlfriend and two others on a Saturday night. The restaurant was not overly crowded. The setup of the place is great. I love the upstairs location with big windows and tall ceilings. The sunset shining through the large, open space during our dinner was really nice. 
Everything looked great, so our server worked with us to curate a fantastic sampling of the menu, which included: 
Steak crudo
Corn custard with cheese curd
Poached mussels
Crispy pork belly
Truffle gnocchi
Hot sausage
Vanilla panna cotta with sour cherries
The food was nothing short of amazing. The corn custard with cheese curd was absolutely delicious. The pork belly was hands down the best I've ever had. It was crisped to perfection and still melted in your mouth. 
The cocktails were great, along with the cucumber, mint & lime soda. Such a refreshing, yummy beverage!
I can't wait to come back and dine again. Props to Chef Sabatino and his wife.I went for the 2nd time for the Sunday brunch with friends, and it was probably better than the last time, if that's possible. The service is amazing & professional, and the food is amazing as well. Last time I got the desert twice, and did the same this time. I definitely recommend this place for EVERYONE!!!Delicious chef creations. Excellent service and delicious drinks. Laid back atmosphere... only call out is that the restaurant is on the second floor, and there is no elevator.One sentence summary: High quality fine-dining food in a low-budget atmosphere. 
Food: A lot of amazing details that can be easily missed. Texture of the skate was amazing, as were the ceviche, braised beef, and yes, even the soup. The skate here is probably the best I've ever had in my life. Braised beef was insanely salty, but still good. 
Unfortunately, the atmosphere and service do NOT match up to the same level of the chef's artistry here. Absolutely no decor - just single plain candles on each plain window. There is a difference between minimalistic, and plain ol' cheapo. My napkin had numerous rips and holes in them. Our paper menu had stains. The bathroom side tiles were falling, and the door knob was coming off. The bathroom was at a freezing temperature so the 2nd time I went I had to bring in my winter coat. The difference between Aldine's and your standard chinatown restaruant's restrooms are indistinguishable.
At the end of the day, I'd gladly take superb food over superb decor... but come on, Aldine, if you're going to charge $$$ for your meals, please don't make us freeze in your restrooms. Thanks.The food is excellent and the everyone is friendly.  Have been here quite a few times and always have a great time. Excellent! Can't say enough good things about the oysters. Fabulous!Dropped by for a meal on a weekend getaway. Aldine was amazing. Service, food, employees great. amazing courses of small dishes, plus the recommended plates were perfect. Drank... Whatever was the drink of the night ... Tequila-based, perfect , and i don't usually even drink tequila. Pasta and octopus the standouts. Plus that Carmel desert. Go here.I had really built this place up in my head, and was a bit disappointed when I came recently.  The food was solid but nothing mind blowing and I'm not really dying to go back.  The portions were also pretty minuscule, so it made sharing a bit awkward and challenging, especially when you're sharing like 3 pieces of gnocchi.  
The octopus was well cooked but tasted a little fishy.  Everything else was pretty unmemorable.  The best thing I ate however, was probably the chicken liver mousse.  While I might not be back for dinner, I'd probably sit at the bar and get a snack or two.  The place is also not cheap- my friend and I got 3 courses and split a bottle of wine and spent about $150 each.Creative and edgy creations using terrific and sometimes unusual ingredients. The use of textures and flavor contrasts is particularly impressive. As some others have mentioned, the sunchoke soup and the duck preparation are outstanding, as were the beef carpaccio and an awesome truffled cauliflower item. I might like a few more carbs and some more hotter temp and spice dishes.  I thought the crab dish was lacking and kinda salty. Service teamwork was among the best I've recently experienced; which is pretty cool two weeks in. Nice second floor space accessed by some pretty weird steep steps and a non descript entrance. Limited, but real nice international wine list.  Couple of awesome desserts too, especially the ice cream dish. Come with an open mind and you'll experience a very talented chef and enthusiastic staff.Food was good but the portions and price were not in proportion.  The waiter, who was sweet but pretentious (as was the food) suggested that 3 courses made a meal.  That easily brought the bill to almost $60 per person without drinks or dessert.  No one tried a first course as they were described as tastes.  The appetizers were minimal.  I got the "mushroom : 60 minute egg : melted leek : chard" for $16.  There were maybe 3 tiny pieces of mushroom and the smallest, undercooked egg I have seen.  The taste was ok but just like mushroom in bouillon.  Another appetizer was "mussels : falafel : pistachio : erik's sourdough" for $15. The mussels (10 out of the shell with some sauce) described by the eater as OK.  The sourdough was good.  The last appetizer was "zucchini : ranch yogurt : fennel : crispy quinoa" for $14.  The diner didn't say anything about it that I remember.
For main courses we had "handmade pasta : daily preparation" for $24. Boring and small dish.  The "steak : grilled peach : cucumber : mushroom soubise" for $28, was 4 1"x1.5" slices of delicious steak that was at least 1/3 fat.  The grilled peaches were yummy and the cooked cucumber was very good.  "skate wing : tomato pickle : sprouted lentils : tarragon" for $26" brought a 2x2 slice of skate with a tablespoon of tomato and lentils.  One diner was compelled to tell the hostess that there was not enough food.  She did nothing.
We opted for no dessert as the 2 choices were as odd as the other dishes.
We are foodies and we have enough money to enjoy fine food but we left hungry and considered going to the Shake Shack for food.  Knowing how many calories that would be got us walking in the other direction.  I ate a power bar on the way home, some blueberry oatmeal bread when we got there and fruit and milk for a snack later.  
Pass this one up.Wonderful ambiance with a great staff. Please ask for Tom, he's absolutely attentive and helpful to navigate the menu. The venue is tasteful and elegant, but with a everyday feel where the entire staff is attentive and helpful. Would highly recommend the experience to anyone looking for a place to make you feel fancy and comfortable. Don't sleep on the drink menu, you'll enjoy the scavenger hunt.One of the best meals I ever enjoyed in Philly.  From the crudo (red snapper on that night)  to the amazingly flavored poached mussels to the Fazzoleti with shaved black truffles to the best panna  cotta I ever tasted. Chef Sabatino has created  a big winner with Aldine.Wonderful dining experience! My husband and I have a new baby so our nights out are few and far between these days and Aldine was the perfect selection for date night. Everything was delicious, the celery root custard, pork belly, chicken live mousse, stuffed quail, and pasta dishes did not disappoint and the service was wonderful. We will certainly be back!I had an extraordinary experiencing dining at Aldine on a recent Friday night.
It is summer in the city, so the restaurant was not crowded.  The food is outstanding, but the most memorable part of my evening was the skilled and attentive service.  
My friend and I spent time at the bar, and the bar tender enthusiastically explained all the carefully handcrafted drinks.  He detailed exactly how many of the handmade spirits are actually mixed and blended.  He was a pleasure to listen to......and our drinks were refreshing and unique!
Dinner was long and leisurely.  I felt like I was being treated to an outstanding meal in someone's home.  Our server was so knowledgeable about the dishes being served and described them in mouth watering detail.
During the evening, Jennifer Sabatino (one of the owners) stopped by the table to chat with us and ask us how we were enjoying our meal.  She was lovely and genuinely interested.  She provided insight into how the restaurant tries to use all their food and not waste anything.  Panna cotta is sweetened with cherry pits from the cherries that make a freshly made jam to top it!
The food is outstanding.  Made to order, beautifully plated, divinely delicious, creatively matched an put together.  Pork belly and peach grilled sausage among our favorites.
And don't miss the panna cotta!I had a friend visiting from out of town so I wanted to take her somewhere nice and unique in the neighborhood. I gave this restaurant a chance and regret it. I actually left the restaurant feeling very sad because I had been trying to secretly plant into her mind the idea of moving to Philadelphia and am pretty sure this experience ruined all chances of that happening (only slight sarcasm). 
1. Drinks -  When the beer list is so limited and only offers bottles, you'd assume it'd be well curated but my IPA was pretty meh. 
2. Service - I had a reservation for 3 people and arrived on time with my friend. We had to wait for the third person to show up before they'd seat us even though the restaurant was barely half-full on a Friday night (should have been a red flag). Our waiter was helpful only to the degree that the profession requires. He otherwise came off as flippant. 
3. Food - You get tiny plates that are below par and pay a lot of $$$ for this. Among a party of three, the bill came out to $130 for what was essentially a glorified snack.. 
- chicken liver mousse: no detection of chicken liver taste, just salt
- beets: standard
- skate: i don't eat seafood so i didn't try this but my friend reported back that it was also nothing exceptional
- rack of lamb: was comprised of 25% bone, 60% fat, and 15% meat. i told a server about this and she said that this is typical for this part of lamb. why would you even serve something that is mostly inedible, especially when it's a small plate to begin with?? we each scraped off a few shreds of meat from this dish. 
I had a second dinner after this meal because I was still hungry but couldn't bring myself to pay for any more extremely overpriced food. I'm not against fine dining or a small plates concept at all, but I think it's a reasonable expectation that if you have such a limited menu you'd perfect every single aspect of it. This expectation was not met in the slightest.First timer at this restaurant, and stopped in for brunch. I had no idea what to expect, my husband was just hangry and I needed to fix that quick. Up the stairs, about 3 other diners were seated. The drink menu is 4x the size of the brunch menu. I was a little anxious about this. We ordered the poached eggs and the scrambled eggs, and they gave us a free beet appetizer and a free panna cotta dessert. Talk about a great first time experience. The poached eggs, the Eggs Benny, was SUBLIME. Hollandaise was velvety and flavorful, and the marriage of kale and butternut squash under the eggs was perfect. The scrambled eggs were buttery soft and held shape, and the accompanying sausage and hash brown (which was more like a superstar latka) was superb. Both dishes shined in their own way. It just depends on whether you want a straightforward dish or a leveled dish. My husband and I shared bits and pieces here and there and it made for an incredible brunch. I would def be back for brunch and will definitely consider dinner.Came here for sips and got a cocktail that included gin, mint, cucumber and lemon I believe? Absolutely delicious and so refreshing on a hot day! Will be coming back for food and other cocktails in the future, but Aldine, I am quite happy so far.Awesome restaurant week meal at Aldine. Textures, flavors and innovation come together in a complete meal. They were testing short ribs as a potential menu addition and they were spot on. 
Look forward to returning for the full tasting soon.I took my husband here for his birthday last weekend and had a great experience. I stopped by earlier in the day to drop off his favorite dessert, which they were kind enough to bring out after our entrees. The service was great the whole night, and allowed us to have a nice, slow-paced meal even though I'm pregnant and we weren't drinking too much. 
The ambiance is great, and I love the decor. It was a little hard to find, it's up a steep flight of stairs, so you may need to consider that when booking a reservation. The menu is small and focused, with amazing, unique combinations. The server explained the menu in detail, and gave great advice on what to order. We split the soup with the apple crisps to start- that soup is amaaaazing. Then we shared a cauliflower dish which was great as well. My husband had the crudo, which he thoroughly enjoyed. As entrees, I had the cappeletti pasta dish (would have had the duck except it's not pregnancy friendly). All the portions are pretty small so I was worried I would be hungry, eating for two and all, but actually it was very filling. 
I was really surprised at how empty the place was, considering how excellent the food, service, and atmosphere are. There are very few places that have this level of quality, and we had a great time. 
Thanks, Aldine! We will be back!We tried both tasting menus and left hungry. While our cocktails were delicious, the food itself was minuscule in portions.  The first "course" is an amuse bouche at best--I couldn't believe it was included in the $55 prix fixe dinner as one of the courses.  The main course looked incomplete and while stylishly plated, I couldn't help but laugh because I wondered where the actual food was.  The vegetarian menu is a joke and barely features any proteins.  It just feels like you're eating a ton of tiny side dishes all night.  If anything, the vegetarian menu needs to be cheaper than the carnivore one.  Add some quinoa, tofu, beans, something!
Food aside, there were some great aspects to Aldine. The space itself is beautiful, cozy, and warm.  I loved the wood work and pictures of the dogs!  Service was also on point, and everyone was quite friendly.  However, I'd only be back for drinks, as the plates are too tiny to merit the prices.  
On a different note, Aldine needs to figure out a way to catch prospective diners' attentions.  Its location on the second floor is going to kill business unless the owner figure out a way to jazz up the door and increase lighting to highlight the business' name.  With no ability for pedestrians to see the restaurant or diners from outside, Aldine might not last no matter their prices or portion sizes. I almost walked past it even though that's where I was headed.  Figure out a way to highlight curb appeal.  Otherwise, this place is like a hidden speakeasy that no one knows about...Truly a magnificent dining experience. From Happy Hour to dessert, this was one of the most mouth watering dinners I have had the pleasure of enjoying in Philadelphia. Order any pork dish this chef lovingly prepares - you will think you've died and walked through the gates of heaven. Amazing.
Bar staff is friendly, personal and will make you a complicated beverage to whatever your liking. I asked for something with gin, juice and fizzy. I was given a delicious herbal cocktail that expertly suited all those flavors. The intimate seating lends to a cozy chat with the bartender and/or the owners.From start to finish, my family had a fantastic time at Aldine. The food was so unique and delicious. We enjoyed every single dish. I ordered the pasta as my main course and it was amazing. 
The ambience was so nice and comfortable and our waiter was SUPER knowledgeable. From (semi annoying) questions that my parents had about the food, drinks, the name of the restaurant, and the neighborhood- he didn't miss a beat. He also picked up on the fact that we were celebrating a couple birthdays and brought out candles with our desserts. It was super sweet, no pun intended.My experience at Aldine was beautiful. It may have been the best meal of my life (and I am not food ignorant). I am considering experiences I've had at top 5 restaurants in the world. George Sabatino manages to magically layer sophisticated flavors and still have the food ultimately feel homey and satisfying. It's like my Grandmother acquired a gifted palette, a formal culinary education and tattoos.
  We left very satiated and somehow energized. I woke up optimistic about life the morning after our meal. I can't think of many meals that cause me to see the world as a more beautiful place
   I am grateful to have fairly easy access to Sabatino's food. I think as the secret gets out in the future a table won't be easy to acquire.Would have loved to give 5 stars, but a basic service issue that occurs in way too many finer restaurants drops it to 4 stars. 
We were excited to finally get here, knowing how good a chef George the owner is. The 4 of us ordered a lot of dishes, so we got to sample over 1/2 of the smaller sized menu. Everything was exceptional minus one item, the pasta dish. Not much flavor, or pasta, et al.
But pasta aside, we found each dish to excel in taste and presentation.
It's true that the noise level isn't horrendous when the place is full. 
The one issue was that our server for the evening reached in and removed the 1st course empty plates of three of us while one was still enjoying the food and not even close to being done. No "is everyone done?" or "can I remove your plates?". Nope, just barge right in and yank the plates, wipe the table! Urrrrrr, so obnoxious. Hard to understand how this happens in a place that cost $300 for a table of 4 (includes 20% tip and 6 or 7 glasses of wine). Yea, this happens all the time at the Midtown, Apllebees, etc. - but it should never happen at a superior place like Aldine.We ate there Saturday night. The bartender was good and gave advice. The menu is small, but we tried most of the items and they were all excellent. The kitchen did a fantastic of pacing our food our so we didn't feel rushed.  Overall great place for a group, romantic dinner or simply if you want excellent "fancy" food.George Sabatino is creating some of Philadelphia's most innovative cuisine in this easy to miss spot.
If you have not been, get out a map, find 19th and Chestnut, and look up. Aldine is a great find in Philadelphia.
Menu highlights include oysters gelee in their own jus, savory pana cotta and everything pickled. George can make a chip out of anything. Of course they can recreate any dish in a veggie/vegan version.
Service is highly competent but not stuffy. It's fine dining, but relaxed.
Finally, a note on cocktails. I don't do cocktails. That said, Jennifer's sublime concoctions have captured my imagination. She combines creative ingredients with professional flair to create well executed and absolutely delicious beverages. The wine list also does the job.
POINT: just go already.My boyfriend and I dined here to celebrate his birthday. We were running late for our reservation, and the hostess he spoke to before we arrived was very understanding. When we arrived, the entire staff was welcoming and friendly, and made sure we felt comfortable, even as the restaurant cleared out and it got later. Our server was phenomenal, knowledgable, and mindful of my food allergy. The food was impeccable. We had the crudo, oysters, lamb ribs, pork belly, handmade pasta, and skate - and I couldn't even pick a favorite, all were amazing. The classic Manhattan was the best I have had. We also throughly enjoyed the view over chestnut st from the second floor... Especially as a thunderstorm rolled in. Very special night - thank you, Aldine!My boyfriend and I had a fantastic meal here!!!
Since it was Saturday night, we enjoyed the tasting menus (herbivore and omnivore). We also got the chicken liver mousse that tasted delicious!
The flavors in each of the dishes were delicious and unique!
Our server was very friendly and personable!
Side note: He told us that the menu changes often so we forward to trying more adventurous selections the next time we eat here!Amazing little spot above chestnut st.  Great wine, awesome small, crazy flavor food in your mouth, plates.  If you are in the area craving foodie dishes; come here. Have the duck....and pork belly. ..maybe cauliflower soup.  Whatever you do...eat here...amazing eats.My wife and I decided to go to Philadelphia for Presidents Day weekend. On Valentines Day we weren't looking for anything special, but wanted to avoid restaurants with a mandatory high priced price fixed menu. While walking around looking for a place to eat we passed Aldine. We took a look at the menu by the door. It was price fix menu, and expensive ($55/person), but it looked good and we were tired of looking for a place to eat. Open Table said they had a reservation available, and there was no note about a special Valentine's Day menu (many other restaurants had similar notes). So we made the reservation and went inside.
When we are seated, we were surprised to find that we were presented with a completely different menu. A Valentines Day menu that was more expensive than the one posted outside, and didn't look as good.
Our waitress was accommodating in making some changes (the new menu included a lot of shell fish, and being Jewish, neither of us are crazy about eating shell fish).
The food itself was good, but not as exciting the menu posted outside (we were served beef when we had hoped for lamb). I also don't think the price fit.
As we were waking back to our hotel, i felt a sudden need to use a bathroom. Luckily we found one in time (a Walgreen's that seemed to think everyone either wanted to steal from them, or have sex in the bathroom... They would only allow one customer at a time into the very large bathroom that mad multiple stalls).
If they had simply posted the special menu outside, all that (maybe not the bathroom trip) could have been avoided.There are many good options in Philly but this place keeps drawing me back. I've been here a few times now. The ingredients are very fresh. The food and service is  exceptional. The cocktails are creative and very well executed. The atmosphere is peaceful and unique being above street level. It's a very good spot for either just a drink and appetizer after work or a full relaxing dinner.Overpriced 'tapas' style restaurant. The food was unremarkable and definitely not worth the prices