I have been going to Aldo's since before 2006. The place has great pizza and steaks. The slices are huge and priced well. It is a bit greasy, but that is to be expected. I would recommend this place to everyone.I've been going there since I was in high-school. Great people and a very good pizza. Real Italian!ok now thats a turn around gave them nother chance my friends took me there surprise its very good the pizza wasnt greasy no more moz fries good .but still expensive thank god i didnt pay lolOh My Gosh. Their Sicilian pizza is literally to die for. 
Before coming to the east coast, pizza was never one of my first choices if someone asked me what I would want to eat, but after tasting so many delicious pizzas from multiple places, pizza is a must have for me! 
This place is a legit restaurant with legit Italian owners so they know what the real deal is. 
My boyfriend and I ordered the Sicilian pizza and holy, that was the best Sicilian pizza I've ever had. The crust was very crispy, thick, but still soft! The best part was the fact that they didn't slather on lots of sauce because some places that make Sicilian pizza over do it like artichoke pizza in NY. 
The pricing was fair, they were quick and I loved the owners! If you're hungry and it's late, this is the place to go!
 I'll definitely be coming back when I'm back on the east coast. West coast has nothing on the east coast when it comes to pizza!I've been coming here since high school.  Family owned place and the guys are always nice.  Foods great, reasonably priced (read: cheap) and really good for slices. 
Their crust is very crispy and their sicilian pizzas are bomb.  Definitely recommend for quick take out.always satisfied with their Sicilian cheese pizza! it's HUGE! 20 slices for $18.95!
I've gotten it twice now in the past two weeks. Must stop my addiction haha.Great pizza! The guys are always friendly! (Never saw a girl working there). 
Great little old style pizzeria.Went here tonight.whether the place wanted it to be this way or not it is a very retro pizza parlor, clearly hasn't been redecorated or remodeled in decades, but that's kinda what I loved about it! Exposed brick walls, old wood paneling and wood/vinyl tables. After looking at a slightly limited menu, Not many side orders to choose from we went with a large cheese pizza and a side of Mozzerella fries. The food came out quickly. The pizza had a thin crispy crust, a good ratio of cheese to sauce, and the sauce was on the milder side. The fries we cooked well. They had a few TVs, ample parking. Decent joint!So good. Customer service was lacking. Didn't feel welcomed or my attention was not needed. Food is great thoI used to go here when I was in high school.  So when ever I am in the mood for nostalgia this is the place I go.  Absolutely love their pizza.I just went back to Aldo's after a few years, and I was happy to see (and taste) that the place hasn't changed a bit.  The pizza was really good, and the service was fast and friendly. 
I was there with my kids and while they were being noisy as all kids are, the guy behind the counter came around and brought us some extra napkins when he saw I needed them. They also went out of their way to make the family feel welcomed. I'll be back there soon I'm sure. Great food and the prices were very reasonable, think I paid a little over $20 to feed the whole gang, and that's usually not the case when we go out to eat. Highly recommend Aldo's to anyone who wants a real pizza pie, and not that commercial junk.Havnt been there for long time since high school i decided to  go there again after reading all these fake reviews let me tell you something  it changed a lot .....since the old italian guy use to own it  the food sucks got bunch of high shool kids cooking  guess they changed owner , expensive ,very expensive i had cheesteak  and onion ring n med soda  cost me $17.50 and it wasnt worth it ,steak was very greasy old steal bread onion rings hardI discovered Aldos in the fall of '81 when I moved here.  Hands-down my favorite pizza in the city!  It's not fancy, the decor hasn't changed much in 30 years, but the pies are still just as good, as are the cheesesteaks.  The place is neat and tidy, and the staff is always friendly. Every time I return back to the Northeast for whatever reason, I have to stop.
In 1998, when I was back in the area for a Family thing, I happened to stop by to reminisce and grab a slice. I was shocked when the owner Frank greeted me at the counter and said how much weight I gained and hair I'd lost since the last time he saw me... I said to him: "you couldn't possibly remember me, I haven't been here in at least 10 years..." He smiled at me and said : I remember you! Young guy, red Oldsmobile... Lots of hair! You like pepperoni, right?  I was floored!  It's "that" kind of place.  I just smiled and enjoyed my slices as always. 
If you're not getting pizza in Brooklyn- you should be getting it at Aldo's.The guy told me I would fall in love with his pizza. 
Not bad at all.The only place to come for a proper Sicilian Pie in NE Philly.  In fact, I can't even find a place that makes something close to one!
Toppings are not skimped on here, and they even put meatball on my pizza when it was not on the pizza side of the menu.  Same charge as other meats like pepperoni!I have been going to Aldo's since I was a kid and they have always made a great pizza.  My only complaint, and it's a recent one...over the last few months, they have begun using jarred garlic on their white pizza's.   the jarred garlic is very overwhelming, and has ruined the white pie in my opinion!  A white pizza is about the garlic sauce, and the garlic has to be fresh!!!  I will continue to order their tomato pie, but unless they return to using fresh garlic, I will never order a white pizza from them again - too bad - they used to be great!!Best pizza in the northeast. My dad literally won't let me buy pizza anywhere else. Very friendly owner!Pizza and steaks are terrific. My favorite is large pie with sausage. As an added bonus to the Excellent and fairly priced food is that the guys who run the place are very niceMy favorite pizza place in the Northeast so far, I hate that they don't deliver but if I am in a driving mood I will drive the minutes for their pizza. Luckily a friend lives around the corner and I always stop for pie before I visit. I always get the same thing and never deviate.When it comes to sandwiches and pizza you can't beat Aldos. Considering there are similar places on every corner in this section of northeast Philadelphia aldos is a cut above. Pick ups are quick and easy no matter how big your order.Haven't had good pizza in awhile until I came here! Definitely my new spot! Lovesss me some pizza!!! Their buffalo wings are also good!Pizza here is hit or miss sometimes great sometimes to greasy, depends on the cook. Cheesefries are yummy. A bit overpriced, especially for a cup.of soda, hurtw your pocket.Very good food! I had chicken cheesesteak, it was very good. The roll was even better! It's not the typical roll you get in Philadelphia. The pizza was very good as well. They staff was very nice to my daughter..Aldo's has gained another customer, even though I'll have to cross the Blvd to get there..All I gotta say is spend the money and order a sicilian pie... mmm amazing!It's the best.  End of story!  They treat everyone like family.  All of the pizza is amazing.  My favorite is their sicilian (I'm sure I spelled that wrong!).  The sausage is thin sliced sausage and is amazing.  I live an hour away and still go every now and again to Aldo's.Amazing calzone. If you are a fan of Long Island quality pizza delights, then this calzone will do the trick. Can't say anything about the pizza because I did not try it, but the calzone was definitely the best I've had in the Philadelphia area.
Just a word to management though, clean that bathroom! I know the bathroom shouldn't indicate anything about the food, but it may indicate something about the cleanliness of the kitchen. The bathroom was an eyesore.ok, if tony's in frankford is best tomato pie, then ALDO'S is truly the best cheese pizza in philly.
forget lorenzo's (seriously terrible).
Aldo's is so good they are the only pizze place in the northeast that doesn't need to deliver. You go the them.
some of the customers are the usual northeast neanderthals but I grew up there so I'm used to it.
anyway, back to the food. so good. comparable only to their cherry cokes. it's like some sort of generic rc blend, but it's awesome. as are their fries and their cheesesteaks are pretty good as well.
Sicilian pies are probably what they're best known for and my husband will eat one for days but that's too much dough for me.
go there enough and they know you personally, they love their customers, make the pies right in front of you and are the best at what they do.
it is next to washington high school, so during the school year stay away between 2 and 4. 
weekends they're open until 2 am i think.Best pizza in the area! They have other food to offer which is really good if I don't go for a pizza, I go for a pizza steak! This is a nice hidden gem in the northeast for a quick bite if your not familiar already. I normally get a Sicilian pizza once a week extra sauce and extra cheese for my family. Only issue to some is they don't deliver because they are so good they don't have to. They are family owned and give great customer service.The BEST pizza around. I've been eating there since the early 80's when I lived in NE Philly.I Now travel from Bucks County just to get two slices. My kids think the pizza there is great too. It's worth the trip!!!Hands down best cheesesteaks in Philly. Been coming here since it was converted from a Hardee's in the 1970's. Always have to hit Aldo's when I come back to Philly!My parents have been taking me here since 1990. The best pizza in Philadelphia and bucks county area. Best if eaten in house.Stopped in to grab a few slices on my way home from work. Perfect pizza parlor pizza cooked the RIGHT way. Very nice crew working and was a great experienceEver since they opened their doors, Aldo's has been by far the best pizza in the Northeast, maybe even in Philadelphia. 
I remember when they first opened - in a building that was once a Hardee's.
Just plain delicious. There really need not be much more description.
And the place has charm. Not having been redecorated at all since opening, you get such a comforting feeling every time you go in. It has that old friend who never changes sort of comfort. In fact, a Winston ad from like 1983 is still on the door. 
As said, avoid during the Washington High rush. But they are open late!Best pizza in northeast philadelphia. Been coming here for 25 years since i was in Washington high school and Frank used to make the pizza. Best sauce and cheese. Thin and crispy crust. Fresh ingredients and clean restaurant. Best Cherry soda available only here.We are two hours away from home read the reviews because we wanted a good pizza place . we looked at yelp it said aldos...  when we pulled up it said under new management found it was pizza and a Mexican restaurant .. ok.  .   we thought we would try it ..huge mistake .!!!! Pizza was average at best the man recommended a Mexican  pork sandwich so I said ok when we got it it was a bun with sliced hot dogs (wtf hotdogs)  ham pickles and mustard some kind of salsa and nine other things it was disgusting .  
I see on yelp there are two  Aldo's pizza places . these reviews are for a great pizza place so if this is the same one I wouldn't do it unless you are into ItalMexEasily, by a very long shot, the best pizza in the northeast. Absolutely amazing food. Their calzones are my favorite. They're, huge, they're stuffed, and they're delicious. I have been coming here since I was a high school student 15 years ago, and they have been consistent with their quality throughout. I find it better than some of South Philly's pizza.Worked next door for coverage for another doctor few weeks ago and read the good reviews about this place and wanted to try. They are located right next to Dr. Singers office by the Washington Savings Bank and Philadelphia free public library right off of Bustleton Avenue and I decided to give it a try with my wife. I must say this place is awesome! I first tried a slice of anchovy, mushroom slice, and a tuna sub which was so delicious. The bread for there subs are just so perfectly toasted and soft and plain out good. I ended up going in the next day to try their wing dings and they were so good! Also the pizza is just really thin/crispy and delicious. Anyhow very happy I stepped into Aldo's and this is my new place to come by for my Italian food craving. There service is also very good and the food is just awesome. It's hard to find great local places and I'm so happy I found this local pizzeria and can't wait to try some other stuff off their menu!What in canned tomato carnation is this great world coming to? Five stars? Please people, get out of Northeast Philly for once in your lifetime already. Thanks.
Three stars. however probably and deservedly in the top two or three for pizzas (sauce and crust are good; cheese is worthless here) in this crap hole aka Northeast Philadelphia but this ain't no Bronx pie folks! Now the Bronx, yes, they serve five star pizza. Get it right. Also, I'm a Philadelphian, went to GWHS, and grew up near Welsh and Veree but unlike most of you- I keep it honest.Really good pizza and sandwiches for the money! The guys working the counter are always so nice!Always my first stop when back in Philly. Been coming here since my early childhood. Nobody comes close.Best pizza in town!!! I've been going there since I was in high school. Love the friendly workers. I've never had a bad experience here. They have a parking lot so parking is not an issue.I used to order the pizza from here all the time back in the day. It was always really good and still is. I can't comment on anything else as I've never had anything else. The workers were always friendly and the place is clean.Awesome pizza! Some good taste for real. I love pizza and I always try different places. This was good stuff y'all!I have been going to Aldo's for 20 years. That being said, I have not been going as often the last few. When we used to go in it was like we were family. Dom always stopped making the pies to come over and say hi. The quality is still almost there, it isn't quite as overwhelmingly good as it used to be but tops in the area still. The guys that run it still make a good pie but it just isn't the same as it used to be. The Sicilian is still unbeatable in terms of taste and quality, especially compared to most of the dumpy pizza joints in the area. Only downside is they don't deliver.This is one of the first places that come to mind when I'm going back to Philly.
Mind you, the pizza isn't the best though it's good.  Given my choices around Philly, I'll go to Adriatic Pizza in the Falls Township/Levittown area of Bucks County.
Aldo's always reminds of the place you go after your first successful win at a music or dance recital or when your hockey team wins its first game.  It's got the kind of personality to make you want to return time and again.
I was driving from Christiana, Delaware trying to think where in Philly I'd like to eat.  China Town didn't really feel accessible at the hour and other choices didn't feel right, either, so I headed toward Cottman Avenue and thunderstorms arrived.  I couldn't see a thing and passed Bustleton and turned onto Castor.  Eventually, my car beeped at me, telling me that I was almost out of fuel, but I was more out of fuel than the car was.
I found the place, got a slice with sausage and a slice with pepperoni and a medium iced tea.  $6.53 seemed a bit steep but it's been years.
It was a few minutes in the oven and two slices, iced tea, and two napkins and I was set.  The pepperoni was as greasy as ever, which is why I grabbed the second napkin.  The taste was good, though, with one exception: they need to sweep the oven properly.  They always have little bits of burnt pizza lingering in the oven and it ends up on the bottom of your pizza as dust.  If they didn't get a new scraper and brush since I left Philly in 1996, there is something wrong with them.  The slices were still good and they're the best inside the city limits.Driving home and as we were looking for a pizza place to sit in and eat with the kids.  My brother and I came across Aldo's and sat the kids in booths and ordered.  The food was delicious and better yet, done fast.  The only downfall was the Panzeratti was a bit greasy, but otherwise very tasteful.  The fries were done to perfection and the oil was not dirty.  Fountain Soda is also provided here(always the best).  I raved about it when I got home and can not wait to go back and try something else.Best pizza in Far NE Philly by far!! I've been a customer for years and the quality is always there!! The one pizza place I'd go out of my way to get!Still the best pizza in this large section of the northeast. Be it a slice, a pie, plain  or with toppings, you can't go wrong. I still say do yourself a favor and eat it there. The sides are nothing special expect for maybe the pizza fries (order extra sauce). The steaks are above average too but can sometimes be hit or miss. I say just stick to a pizza and you'll be pleased.What can i say?  I grew up going to Aldos after school everyday or so.  The owners and employees are always nice. The Pizza is my favorite in the area. I always find myself debating on plain or sicilian and sometimes get both. The food is so good they have no need to deliver. I have no problem going to get it even though i moved to Bensalem. Keep up the good work!Great pizza ! Pretty good chicken cheese steaks. Call ahead so you don't have to wait too longReally good pizza and nice guys who work here!  Pizza is just the right ratio of cheese to sauce and crust is thin and crispy.   White pizza was nice and garlicky.   We ordered a few pies for a party and they were ready on time and nice and hot.  They don't deliver but the pizza is worth the drive.Solid pizza in good old northeast Philadelphia. If you were not in Philadelphia (i.e. in NY) this would probably just be another run of the mill pizza place, but in an area where New York style pizza is hard to find, Aldo's really puts out the best. Thin and crispy with good ingredients.Went there yesterday again   OMG GREAT friggen pizza and sandwiches  !!Our absolute favorite pizza! We have moved but still will go out of our way to get Aldo's!Our go to pizza place!!! We have been looking for over a year to find a good pizza place in this area and we've finally found it! Also, love their mozzarella fries!!Great food, service and atmosphere.  I defiantly recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting a real taste of Italy.I moved to the neighbor five years ago, and tried most of the pizza places in the area. I am very picky about my food, and they always give me what I ask for. I also like their calzones. When people visit they always ask me to "pick up pizza from that really good place"Can NOT drive by without getting a slice, or 2!
Great pizza.  They do not deliver but it's so good you won't mind driving to pick it up.
I've had their cheesesteaks- very good & love their cheese fries.  Can't say I've had much else on the menu because it's all about that yummy pizza pie! 
I tend to favor the individual slices over a full pie. When they re-heat the slices, it adds a little extra crispiness that I love.
My mouth just watered!
The guys behind the counter are always very friendly- You'll feel like you've known them for years...I had not been here for a long time and I was hugely disappointed with my meal.  The Italian hoagie looked like it was slopped together in a rush with barely any lettuce, onions or hot peppers.  The roll was dry and had hardly any mayo.  The pizza tasted just like I remembered and it was pretty good, however my stomach told me otherwise later that night.  It seems like the quality has gone down quite a bit since my childhood days of eating regulary at Aldo's.We ordered a few pizzas from Aldo's when my in-laws stopped in for dinner. The pizza was delicious in my opinion. My wife thought there wasn't enough sauce, and it is thin crust pizza. Overall though we did enjoy the pizza and would recommend it!Even though they don't deliver Aldo's is amazing for when you wanna grab a couple slices, I love their pizza, it always has plenty of flavor and its melt in your mouth good. A good spot to come with a group of buddies and chit chat while having a good old slice of pizza.Best pepperoni pizza I've ever had. Cheesesteak and Mozzarella fries are good also. Just wish they would deliverReasonable prices, no frills (paper plates, plastic forks and knives, order at the counter (no waiters or bus boys)). Sicilian pizza was great.I have several spots where I like to eat Pizza in/around Philly.  In the NE, the battle rages between tony's, Aldo's, and Vince's.  Tony's is closest to me, so in a pinch, it's just fine.  VInces has really good pizza, I think the best in NE Philly, but not much else going for it.  Aldo's is, well, it's like home.
The Previous review describing the cherry coke is dead on, a real wiinner and I get it every time.  If I ask for fries -well done, that's just how I get them!  Every Time!
Good Pizza that has a distinctive flavor, good steaks (my wife loves their chicken cheese-steak, and the Sicilian is the way I like it, thick and crusty.
But for me, Aldos has one item that no one...ON EARTH, can touch.  One special item that is part pizza, part Stromboli, part stuffed bread...it is crusty, cheesy...and I've been eating them for about 30 years now with (i hope) no end in sight.
CALZONE.
Not going to say anymore than the following...
Calzone, sauce on the side.  Well done fries, and a Cherry Coke.One of the best pizzas in the Northeast. Always fast service and friendly staff. Only downside is that they don't deliver but I guess when you're good enough people come to you.My family and  I visited Aldo's.  It was okay.  Definitely, not the best pizza I had ever had.  The place was very dated.  The forks were dirty.  The waiter was okay.  Their small cups look like Frosty cypsThe food is amazing! Best pizza I had in the area, and the staff is wonderful! The pizza is nice and crisp, not greasy and soggy like other places. Definitely worth the try!!I have been eating pizza, and my favorite, calzone, here for thirty years.  I even went to school with Aldo's kid!  Good pizza, but I would get a calzone.  I just love riccotta.  For a pizza shop that isn't a celebrity food show wow I just paid 15 bucks for a 6 inch pizza load of crap.  Yeah, I love this place!I grew up on Aldo's. They have the best pizza in the area. Fries are good and they have cherry fountain soda which my husband loves. They don't offer delivery but it's worth picking up.I was told this is the best pizza in NE Philadelphia, and I have no idea why.  The place itself is cool & oldschool, and the dude at the counter was really friendly, but unfortunately I thought the pizza sucked.  The cheese, crust, and sauce tasted totally bland to me, and there was no attractive blistering on the top, it just looked like it got melted in a microwave or Easybake Oven.  The green peppers were overcooked and all gray and mushy.  The bottom was soggy and every time I picked up a slice, the toppings all slid right off.  It was bland too, all the parmesan and red pepper couldn't salvage it.  I ate 2 slices and then threw the rest in a dumpster.Get pizza here frequently, good pizza. Last 2 times it's been especially good, don't know if they changed their recipe or what but it's very good.Aldo's is the best you'll find in the northeast! The pizza is awesome. The service is great! The prices are fair and everyone's super friendly!I only come to this place because it's close by and my wife loves it. I can eat here when she asks but I never suggest to come to here when it's just us. Most of the workers here are really rude besides two people here that work here in the day time. The pizza is terrible if you order just a slice but it's good if you order a pie. They wouldn't make us fries or chicken the first couple times we came here saying "it's too late" but it was only 9:30 but it closes at "midnight". (They stop taking orders at 10:30 PM) The fries and chicken fingers are really good, the chicken wings are always burnt here. It's always a hassle to get ketchup because they keep it behind the counter. I would stop coming here but my wife wanting to eat here.I can't even describe how tasty this pizza was!!! I'm sad because I wish I would have found this place sooner ugh. Anyhoo, I called in an order it was ready when I arrived. I went later in the evening and it wasn't crowded. The staff was friendly and I feel the cost is about the average of a pizza place. Medium pepperoni $14.46, but I would say the medium was the size of a large. You can sit down and eat if you would like, there is plenty of room inside. I would definitely recommend this place. It's pretty darn tasty. 
The pizza isn't too oily where it makes your bread soggy, but also not dry to the point it pretty much crusty; it has the perfect balance. It may not matter but I love the fact that I ordered my pizza to go and they didn't cut the pizza until I arrived on location. I'm definitely going back!!So disappointed, was a great spot in the 80s through a few years ago. Apparently the original owner sold, perhaps that's why the quality changed. The calzone was terrible. Watery cheese....yucky.  Onion rings from frozen, was deep fried mush, not fresh onions. Just moved back into this neighborhood after going to Aldos for years, and hoping to make it my new neighborhood pizza spot. May give the pizza a chance. .Loved this place since high school, hope next experience is great when I try the pizza.I have been having pizza from here over 15 years now, and I never once had any complaints about it. 
I went to high school a block from here and this was everyone's go-to spot to hangout and have pizza after school. 
Cheese fries are amazing, and pizzas are really delicious full of extra cheese and thin crust! This pizza place is very nostalgic to me and I crave them so often. 
Everyone working here is also very friendly and helpful! Never once have I had any issues with my food or the people!I'm directly in the same business,  and I would fire that employee for ruin any change of food sales going into the slow period !!! Steve
I would like to speak directly with a supervisor/ manager about my visit today 4pm 9.4.2018 . The gentleman with short black hair ....I guess he was working the counter , bc if he is , he is killing your business from a guest point of view! I ask to place an order for take out .....it was the END OF THE WORLD !! His body language and the annoying look made me angry at the point I left right away !! We wanted to celebrate my sons first day of school as first grader , and this disgruntle employee ruin it !!!! I would like to speak to someone in charge since I was told the manager is only there Fridays ......Pretty surprise on how I was treated since there was nobody in the building at 4pm - REPOST 19047 HOLLAND ,PA. LOCATION
Follow up 5pm  - owner wanted to argue with me over the phone and felt that I misread her employee as person who displayed rolling of his eyes , and negative body language is a good thing . The gentleman has 10 years experience along with her 34 years experience as owner which means nothing when it comes to common courtesy. She express to me that there is no way this happen and got real defensive about the entire situation. I even screenshot the call I made to her Restaurant trying to find a resolution to my issue , and the gentleman who has 10 years experience told me nobody is there till Fridays .....but I was wrong again , because the owner was in the building the entire time ....who knew ? Employees are always going win when the owner is in DENIAL . SHE HAS THE RIGHT TO RUN HER BUSINESS,  BUT THE PUBLIC HAS RIGHT TO HEAR FEEDBACK,  THANKS FOR REACHING OUT  -SteveFor quite awhile, I  been fixated on places whose names include the suffix "rama."  "Autorama," "Bowl-A-Rama," and "Foodarama," all evoke quaint mid-century images.   When we noticed the sign for "Pizzarama" some time ago, we added it to our restaurant bucket list out of a sense of nostalgia. Tonight we finally made it across  Pizzarama's threshold, and we immediately looked for Eddie Haskell and Wally Cleaver.  Sadly, they were at the Skate-A-Rama. LOL.
As other Yelpers have noted, Pizzarama has not been re-decorated in at least three decades.  Accordingly, one would not come here for the ambiance, and we surmise that the business is primarily take away inasmuch as just a single table was occupied by a family with a couple of cute wee-uns.
Our order tonight was confined to a large pizza with pepperoni and onions.   Deconstructing the pie from the bottom, the crust was excellent, managing to be both  chewy and crisp.  It was relatively thin--not  as thin as Tacconelli's and not as thick as Joe's.   Unlike most other parlors, Pizzarama leaves only a modest unadorned edge on its pies, measuring perhaps 1/2 inch.  As a result, a pie lacks a puffy edge.
The long-cooked sauce was tasty, being neither too sweet nor salty and lacking any harsh edges.   (I prefer a more vibrant, fresher-tasting, bolder tomato sauce).  The pie had the right amount of cheese; one could still see sauce through the cheese layer and the cheese did not create an indivisible slick.  Not a fan of that state of affairs. All in all, the balance of the three key components was good.
The pepperoni was adequate but so mild that I barely discerned its presence (a nice, dry Sicilian would be an improvement).  The onion was sparingly applied.
We would not have tried the Pizzarama but for the recommendations of the Yelp Nation.  Thanks!  We look forward to a return visit to try the signature Sicilian pieThis place makes a really good pizza. The size is great and it always tastes flavorful. They tend to use a lot of cheese, so if that's your thing, you will absolutely love this place. Their extra cheese pizza is the most cheese I've ever seen on a pizza. Overall, very tasty pizza in a section of philly with loads of pizza places.Easily the top 3 pizza places in existence. Was the best 25 years  ago and is still holding on. I have eaten pizza in Manhattan, Chicago and the Jersey Shore. Nothing here has changed including the decor. Nor should it.