I grew up eating Alex's pizza.  It's the best!  After moving out to the suburbs, it's hard to find anything that comes close.  It's hard to find a thin crust pizza.  Almost all of the places around here are thick crusts and all of the pizzas pretty much taste the same as everyone else's.  Alex's is different.  People mistake the crust and say it's stale and tastes like cardboard, they have it all wrong.  It's what a thin crust is supposed to be.  When I grew up in Manayunk and Roxborough, it was mainly families.  Everyone loved Alex's, it was a "neighborhood thing".  There has definitely been a turnover of residents through the years and now you have a lot of young people and people unfamiliar with the neighborhood.  So I'm sure for these residents it's different.  But, anyone will tell you it's the best.  It was always a "treat" to get Alex's. When I talk to my friends and family, we always agree there is nothing like Alex's.  I hadn't been there in years because I moved.  A few years back, I introduced it to my family.  My husband and kids love it!  Anytime I am over that way, they're always asking me to bring home Alex's.  I even order it some weekends and drive a distance to there now just because it's so good.  Once you're in the mood for Alex's, nothing else will do.  The staff is always so friendly and has always been.  When I walk in there to pick up, I feel like I'm home again, that's the best feeling.  People who expect them to sell other foods, get over it.  It's pizza, it's what they do best and that's it.  I guess for those of us who grew up there, we always knew what it was like and we know what to expect.  They better not ever close or I would be devastated.I have always loved Alex's.
I moved to West Chester years ago but I still make it s point to pick up two pies whenever I'm in the area. Great service! Always call you Mr. Only pizza. Closest to roman style. Thin crust. I always get double sausage lite sauce and a regular. It really is worth going out of your way. Trust me!!!!This is absolutely the best pizza I have had anywhere.  The crust is thin and holds the contents perfectly.  Alex's has been around for decades and they have perfected their pizza and pizza making style.  Fresh, homemade dough, a perfect blend of cheeses, homemade pizza sauce laid down over the cheese in a spiral pattern with a small plant watering can.  I have been eating this pizza since I was a kid and the mother would take your order and name and write it on a piece of paper.  I usually get three large, eat one, and freeze the rest for constant consumption at home.  It is a superior pizza.  Not overly done with toppings, grease, out spices.  This place could franchise if they only had the ambition.  For now, they are a neighborhood gem in Roxborough on Shurs Lane.  Awesome, awesome, awesome.  I Wolff even but this pizza frozen in a super market and I never do that.  Can't say enough good stuff about Alex's.Like all philly neighborhoods Rox./ Man. has an abundance of pizza emporiums. I've lived here for over 30 adult years so I haven't been exposed since childhood and thought Alex's WAS pizza. Old time locals swear by it but tho I've had it numerous times ,for me it is almost inedible. The crust is tasteless,the cheese is bland but the
Sauce is sooo not Italian. It is SWEET ,as in sugary. Face it, kids will eat/love anything sweet, hence LOVIN' it forever. To my taste the only acceptable pizza in the area is Mr. P's . But only if you are willing to settle. 
If you want good pizza ,jump in your car and try other establishments. I favor a tasty thin crust, tasty muzz cheese and great gravy  that is served at Charles .(blvd. at ADAMS ave) . 
Note : I also believe that pep., mush. And green peppers are the only TOPPINGS THAT DON't disguise the overall taste of a pizza. Adding 3 or more toppings render a pizza  - well ,....no longer a pizza.Unbelievably good pizza. Every aspect of it is delicious. Tasty bread, tasty nutty bread. Sweet sweet sauce. Delicately cheesy mozzarella! Smaller pies but at the same time very inexpensive.My family has had Alex's Pizza as their one and only Roxborough pizza joint since I was a child. Their pizzas are unique: Thin crust (sauce layered over cheese, unlike the norm), a perfectly seasoned sauce, and not too much grease. They are a generous with the toppings and a friendly and old fashioned joint (don't let the appearance and need for upgrades dismay), their pizzas are one of a kind. Fair warning, the pizza sizes run smaller than your average greasy pizza joint, but they are worth every penny.
Suggestion is to try toppings, as the plain pizza (with no extras) can leave you wanting more. Our favorite is steak+mushrooms and "half extra cheese all over"!It took me 3 years to find the best Pizza in the Rox/Yunk area. They are hands down the best. Well done dough, thin crust and their special secret sauce make this amazing. The only downer is they don't deliver! Which is a bummer and also means the Pizza usually doesn't make it past my car into my office!
They don't deliver because they don't have to! Heads up: a 15 minute wait usually means 30 minutes so don't drive out there so fast after ordering.
Update: Boy o boy I love this place. Not great for my diet or my reflux but boy o boy d best pizza!Good local neighborhood pizza place. No frills or add ons. Large and small pizza. Two large pizzas and a 2 liter came to $25. No menu to be found anywhere online - but like I said it's a very simple no frills type of place. Wish I had tried it a year ago when I moved in around the corner but always went to Roma's and Zesto's.I'll preface that I'm a self-avowed NY native pizza snob. Nonetheless, I've lived the last two years in Manayunk searching for the best slice to be had. Caputo's was the spot until they closed. Riverside on Main st, Allegro's in Bala Cynwyd, and Roma's on Ridge ave are great in a pinch. Alex's is hands down the worst pizza I've ever ordered in this city. The crust is so dry and stiff it's essentially a thick bland cracker with an unremarkable amount of cheese on top. Sauce? There's enough around the edge where the cheese ends to make one believe there's actually sauce underneath the cheese as well. Imagine store bought oven pizza that you overcooked a little bit. Even if you were drunk you couldn't mistake that you were eating it for little else than to satisfy your ravenous hunger. I believe that you, reader, if you walked into the shop, wouldn't order a slice by virtue of simply looking at it, unless you're in the mood for something sub-Subbaro's. Not to mention the "large" pies are disgracefully small and expensive, to add insult to injury. Avoid Alex's by all means. This is my first yelp review, because I feel deeply compelled to disuade poor souls from being fooled by Alex's current 4-star status. THEY ARE A SCAM. Have at least a semblance of self esteem and get Riverside or Roma's if you're walking distance.Definitely the best Pizza in Rox/Myk area.  Its been my experience that the best pizzas usually have both hard core devotees and huge detractors.  Alex's is no different.  Definitely not the best pizza I've ever had but its certainly a top ten and at worst a top 5 in Philly.
Taste: The sauce, cheese, and crust seem to be in perfect balance here.  They don't have the best sauce, best cheese, or even best crust but they are well above average in all categories which when you put it all together  makes for an excellent pizza.  
Size: You'd be hard to find a smaller "large" pizza so order accordingly.
Prices: Under $10 is a steal in my opinion. CASH ONLY.I'm torn between a two and three star rating. I live right around the corner from Alex's, so after driving past it every day, I figured I'd give them a shot after my fail with Roma's Pizza on Ridge. 
They have no website and no menu. After calling, I learned that they only offer pizzas - no wings, breadsticks, or anything else. JUST PIZZA. A little disappointing because I was craving wings, but I guess they stick to what they know. My favorite type of pizza has everything on it, so I asked for nearly all of their ingredients - pepperoni, sausage, ham, bacon, mushrooms, black olives, onions, and peppers. It ended up being over $20 because you pay by the topping! Totally ridiculous.... AND when I walked in ready to pay with my credit card, I am told it is CASH ONLY and am directed to the nearest ATMs instead of getting my pizza. Why on earth would you not tell someone this over phone when they order?!?
The only redeeming factor was the quality of the ingredients. They were fresh and delicious, especially the sausage, which were sliced sausage links instead of the little sausage bits/balls. 
However, they piled too many ingredients on one pizza. I used to work at a pizza place in high school, and the more ingredients you add, the less of each you are supposed to use; otherwise, it will get too heavy, and the dough can't support the weight of the toppings. While the cost trade off was there ($20 for a mountain of toppings), I had to eat the pizza with a fork and knife because the dough was not thick enough to hold it all. Also, the dough ended up getting soggy by the time I got it home, since I had to run to the bank on Ridge to get cash to pay.
Overall, good quality ingredients, good location to my house (two blocks away), but poor advertisement, which does not make it condusive for new customers. Probably won't be back since there are dozens of other places in the area to try.Count me among those writing the "huh, people like this?" reviews.  I've been making trips to Manayunk off and on for the last decade (DAMN I am old).  I've had Alex's many times.  It's mediocre, at best.
But, it's also just about all you've got.  We got Alex's while watching the NCAA games on the Saturday of the 1st and 2nd rounds.  They don't deliver, which is an absolute travesty, but they were right up the hill from the house where we were, so it wasn't bad.
The crust is overcooked, the sauce is bland, there's nothing interesting about this pizza.  But, again, it's pretty much your only option. So if you're hanging out in Manayunk, get ready for Alex's.First off, i just want to say how much I love this place. I live only a few blocks away and basically grew up on this pizza. There have been a few different owners in the past, but it's all the same delicious pizza their known for. Amazing.Hands down the best pizza in manayunk. I will never order from anywhere else. always really fast delivery times tooMy newer updated review on an old favorite 
Alex's used to be the spot on Rox, but it seems they have changed a bit over the years.
Normally id say "maybe its just me ", but appearently   Im not the only one whos noticed.  
The sauce they use is pretty much the same, as is their pizza for the most part, , but their crust .....WTF did they do to it????
Its almost like cardboard,  tasteless..
Their pies are still really good however .Best pizza in Manayunk - hands down!! Others are very good but this place tops the chartsAlex's is the best pizza in manayunk! Alex's is always crispy never greasy. We love the sauce on top! We don't care that they don't deliver and cash only.. It's totally worth the drive..One of my favorite places of all time. The sauce is on the sweet side (but not too sweet) , the cheese  and crust are excellent. The only "issue" is that they are relatively small (even the large pies) so I have to buy one for the wife and kids and then one for myself.Worst pizza EVER! No taste to the pizza at all and you could tell that our veggie toppings had been added on AFTER the pizza was out of the oven. And what kind of pizza place runs out of tomatoes?! Total waste of our money. Definitely never going there again .This pizza is incredible! we moved here a couple years ago and have always ordered from Couchtomato but this place has them beat! i kinda wish they made other stuff, but who cares when the pizza is this good.So I went into this place basically blind.  No website, no info, no referrals, just a shot in the dark at a local pizza joint that I haven't tried yet.  Somehow I managed to call ahead and order a large plain plain.
When I walk into the shop about 20 minute later,  I'm greeting by a woman working register and I give her my name and they tell me it should be up shortly.  I ask for a menu, to get some more info, and they gladly point to the board saying we have large and small, no menus.  
All this shop has is 2 employees, about 6-8 pizza ovens and a soda cooler.  Keeping overhead extremely low it seems this place has survived many a year amongst a plethora of pizza shops into the area because it makes a good pie.
Well..enough banter...onto the pizza.  It was a circular 14'', which is really small for a large, and made in a Red Top fashion.  That was interesting as it is the third red top in the Rox/Man area.  The pizza was good, real good.  Excellent tasty sauce, fresh mozz cheese, great crispy white floury dough.  But in a place littered with other good pizza shops the basic line is it's 14'' for $10.25.  Bring cash.This is one of my favorite pizzas in the city, aside from Zesto's and Lorenzo's.  It's not your average italian style pizza....but close.  The crust is thinner and the sauce is AMAZING!  
I can see why some people don't like the pizza crust, as it can be overcooked and it can get too crispy (happened just once to me), but you don't like thinner crust pizza, you just don't like it.
The whole package is definitely extremely good and not something you can find around the corner everyday.Not the best and not the worst. Good if you live close, but there's better pizza elsewhere (search Roma pizza).
Seems like this place used to be good or they changed their recipeI don't know. The pizza is small. Not bad. But small. I liked what I got but there was not enough of it. And quality wise, it was good but not excellent to justify the smaller portion. I went here as a kid so I remember a better pizza.Didn't know a large pizza was the size of a personal pie. Might want to figure out pricing and sizing. I do agree about the crest. Cardboard might have better flavorThere is a lot of hype about this place, and sadly, it doesn't quite live up to it. All of the pieces are close but fall just a little short. Crust is pretty good, but the sauce fails to deliver any type of flavor. Overall it was a little disappointing as "great pizza" but if you expect an average pie, it will do the trick.First time I ate here was im 1988 and I barfed it all up in Veeck's kitchen.   I cranked the place for years and finally tried it again.   Easily 4 stars.Back in the day this place on a Friday night the line be out the door!! Every family in Roxborough and Manayunk got that great pizza. I would say still good, but nothing Like the original owner and his mother..Alex was a class act. Sobfour star because the master in my eyes no longer owns this Legend.Definitely not the pizza I remembered loving as a child.....very tasteless.....the dough tasted like cardboard, could have used more sauce on it to provide more flavor ...Worst pizza I've ever had. Cold and hard. Cash only, no delivery. Barely any cheese and the crust is hard as a rock. Glad I have an appendix to help digest it. Stay away from here.I have been eating Alex's my whole life. It was at one time the best pizza in the city. After new management it became cleaner and nicer on the inside, but the pizza suffered. Recently I started ordering from them again, and to be honest, it's back to it's old self.... And cleaner! 
If you eat pizza in the Roxborough area make sure to try Alex's Pizza.Great pizza!  I recommend a bacon pizza, sooo good!  My gf favorite is the extra cheese pie.  They make it the same as their regular plain pie with the swirl of sauce and then take it out early and add another helping of cheese on top and then cook it the rest of the way.  Cash only!  Enjoy!Back in the early 70's I thought this was the only pizza place in all of Roxborough, Wissahickon and Manayunk. Seeing how it was the only place my family ever bought a pizza. As a teenager I may have gone to other places to hang with friends, but if I was ordering for home it was always Alex's.I love the pizza here.  My parents have been getting it here since I was a little girl.  As I know the sauce recipe has changed.... but I still think that the pizza is out of of this WORLD!!  
AND I CONTINUE TO ORDER HERE FOR MY FAMILY, AS A TRADITION CARRIED OVER FROM LONG AGO!!!Um...What the heck? So, I don't understand why everyone is raving about this place. After reading these reviews, I was really looking forward to trying their pizza. 
They don't deliver, so I went to pick it up. The place is a dive, but I thought this was cool. It's a local establishment that's been here a while. Just pizza. No frills. But then I got home and the first thing I noticed was that it's upside down pizza (sauce on top of cheese).
Although the crust was nice and thin, it was a bit too hard and tasted stale.  The sauce wasn't very tasty and there wasn't that much cheese on it either. Overall, the whole pizza just didn't taste fresh. Maybe I checked it out on a bad day. I might give them another chance based on the other reviews, but I doubt it.Defiantly not everyone's cup of tea - but I love it. Hard thin crust, more sauce than cheese. Super similar to Mack and Mancos pizza on the ocean city Boardwalk. Love it here for quick pizza. But that's all they have, pizza.4.3 STARS. The best pizza in the Roxborough/Manayunk area and maybe even all of Philadelphia excluding a 1-mile radius around the downtown area.... Alex's makes pizza that is as good as a place can get  that uses a conventional pizza oven in PA. They could potentially become a 5 star pizza establishment if the invested in a brick or wood-fired oven. Excellent blend of sauce and cheese.Was recommended this pizza by a few locals so I was really excited to try this place. Unfortunately, was really disappointed by our cheese pizza. It was dry, hard, not tasty or flavorful.This review is simple.  The best pizza in Philadelphia.  Keep in mind that the crust is very thin and crunchy - this doesn't appeal to everyone - and the pie is relatively high on the sauce to cheese ratio.  But any pizzeria that survives even though it doesn't deliver has to be good.This is hands down one of the best pizza parlor in Philly! I grew up around here and I tried many a pizza but for years Alex's rules. Now take it they are under a new management now. It used to be a family owned and original family recipe of sauce. They still use the same ingredients and sauce but it's not made with the same kind of flare and well "love". It's pure business now. The pizza still kicks ass and I love their mushroom. They grind them into little bits and their steak pizza is also killer, again lil' bits of steak, soooooo good. It's just a shame you new folks won't taste the original "Alex's" I grew up with. But then again all our childhood goodness doesn't last.so much hype and such a let down.  this pizza is crap.  tasted like cardboard.  crust was bland and had the texture like a frozen pizza.  everything about was just a buzzkill.  recommend Zesto's onRidge or Caputo's on Main st.I swear they put something addictive in the damn sauce. 
There arent many pizzas that you'll swear are as good cold as when they are hot from the oven!...here's one 
You can't eat there, the place isn't pretty, the phone rings incessant;y the staff (though Very very friendly) is always running around like maniacs
it's a bitch to even park there, the don't even have a cash register in the place!
What they do have is probably one of the best Pizza's in the State.  
Pies are small, by most standards, most guys I know can eat a whole large pie themselves, but  their "bullseye" pies are amazing
You almost can;t get a pie there friday's during lent 
now I have to go order one I need my fixAlex's is NOT CLOSED. Their pizza is still the best thing going in the area!!! The sauce has no comparison and the store remains operated by locals who actually know their customers on a personal level. They deliver too!!Alex's pizza brings back so many childhood memories! The pizza with ground meat is the best. They make their crust on the crispier side with a swirl of sauce. It's not overloaded with a ton of toppings. It's a simple place and a Roxborough staple. 
You know this place is good because you can't eat in, the parking is typical Manayunk and I'm pretty sure they don't deliver but it's been around forever!The pizza gods have trul shined upon this place!!! AMAZING pizza!!I don't get it. It's not good? I'm honestly surprised at the reviews. We ordered simply because it was nearby and convenient. The pizza tastes like cardboard. The crust had no real flavor to it at all. My friends and I were all completely unimpressed. I don't know what more to say than that. It's cash only - so remember that.The employees and customers park in the intersection making it hard for traffic to flow. They don't sell slices. Shady looking place. Makes you wonder how they stay open.Alex's is NOT CLOSED. Their pizza is still the best thing going in the area!!! The sauce has no comparison and the store remains operated by locals who actually know their customers on a personal level. They deliver too!!Their pizza is fair. They use regular cheese, which is fine, and put their sauce on in a spiral. The sauce is pretty good but it's a sweet sauce, and is smooth, but I prefer that style. The crust is pretty basic, with minimal flavor and cardboard-like texture. If they revamped their crust they could really put out good pizza, but that's their downfall right now.Alex's Pizza now DELIVERS!!!!! Finally after all these years, Alex's delivers the best pizza in the city to your door. I'm so happy. The guys working there are friendly and know everyone's name . They make you feel like family. The pizza is an awesome thin crust pizza, and I love the chopped mushrooms. I ordered for delivery the other night, and my pie was delivered hot, and tasted delicious!! The driver was cool, he carried my 4 pies up the steps and even brought them in the house for me, since my leg was in a cast. Good tip earned!!! Thanks for starting delivery Joanne. Good luck in 2015. I will be ordering again soon.This pizza is as advertised. Delicious, thin crust, neighborhood pizza. Been this way since I lived in the yunk in the 90s. Used to drive there when I moved out of the hood and get two pizzas - one to eat on the steps hot and fresh, and one for later.Consistently delicious pizza and quick service! Great neighborhood spot for years, and now they have delivery!Was cold and the crust was dry, even though they did not look busy. Will not be ordering again.Am I missing something? Y'all are crazy saying this is the best pizza in Philadelphia. I totally had high hopes from reading other reviews. Had being the key word. I could compare this to high-school cafeteria pizza, except the pizza at my high school was excellent compared to this place. And to boot, they're cash only and couldn't give me a receipt so I couldn't even get reimbursed from my job for this mistake of a pizza I ate. This place would do in a pinch, like if my car broke down and all I had was cash and couldn't quite make it to Main St. or Ridge for better pizza joints. All of which would probably never happen :-). Sorry Alex's!Its like a mystery to figure out the hours. Their own little website page lists 12-11 Friday and Saturday,  3-8 during weekdays. It's Saturday and they're opening at 3.Crust was like thick cardboard! What's happening?!?!?  Alex's crust was always thin and pliable! Our pie was not. Greatly disappointedzOH HELL YEA. If you like your sauce with some ZEST then head on over to Alex's. Strictly takeout  so don't bring the crew thinking your gonna sit down and feast you fool. Looks like it might be family owned and operated so by all means it is a mom and pop shop. Cash only so all you apple pay suckers can fall back!So good and consistent every time I go. The pizzas are thin and crispy. My favorite pizza in Manayunk.My husband grew up nearby and firmly believes that this is one of the best pizza places ever. I do not, but I let him have that childhood memory so every once in awhile I go to Alex's. 
We definitely have had good pizza from Alex's. The last time (during covid) we had a pie in the car. It was overcooked and parts of the crust were black. The girl who gave it to him even said that they left it in too long. Still, they gave us the burnt pizza and I give them a fair rating on Yelp. Try harder, don't overcook pizza. See you soon because my husband makes me.Alex's Pizzeria has been a pizza of choice for me and my family since I was a toddler.  I spent many weekends of my youth eating Alex's pizzas and even now still enjoy having a pizza from here.  One funny story about Alex's pizza is that when I was a toddler, at one time, I wouldn't eat my pizza without candy on it.  So, my uncle threw a bunch of gummy bears on the pizza and we ate it like that.  Apparently, according to my uncle, it wasn't bad.  I don't remember this experience as it has been many years but maybe, just maybe, I will recreate this gummy bear pizza one day. 
They are located on the corner of Leverington Avenue and Pechin Street where you will see a very small set of steps leading down to the entrance of the tiny pizza shop.  There is one table in here as their main method of food service is takeout.  The employees are friendly and I even noticed that one of the employees has been there throughout my entire experience here.  The pizzas are made right in the front of the shop, so you can watch the process of other pizzas being made while you pick yours up or wait for it.  Over the years, the ownership changed more than once, I believe, and the pizza flavor and texture changed with it.  At some points along the timeline Alex's Pizzeria had their downsides but I believe they are back on their feet as my girlfriend and I enjoyed their pizza the last time we had it.  The hard part is keeping their pizza hot when driving from their location to my current home location.  If you don't live close, plan to eat in the car or bring one of those bags that keep your food warm in the car.
Overall, I have been a fan of Alex's Pizzeria my entire life and plan to keep coming back for more of their pizza.  I recommend this place to anyone looking to experience a good Philadelphia pizza shop.