Allegro's is great. The pizza is really cheap, and lightning fast. My favorite was the sicilian, followed by the, uh, meaty kind, followed in a close third by anything stuffed (sometimes the centers were cold). They also sell beer, but I can't comment much on that because when I lived in Philadelphia I was under 21.
The only downside is the service (occasionally rude) and the constant crazies that hang out there talking to themselves.Pros: 
- Convenient for when you're looking to feed an overworked sleep-deprived film crew at 6AM on a Sunday on a tight budget
Cons:
- Food is so bad that even overworked sleep-deprived film crew would rather starve 
- Eggs tasted like paper, toast tasted like cardboard, potatoes felt like decomposing fruits (not that I would know)
I cannot understand how they can mess up the most basic sides.. but hey, I guess they're not exactly known for their eggs, toast, and potatoes
Paying a bit more for Dunkin' Donuts sandwiches/croissants is much more worth it.Just your typical place where all the clubs get there "free food offered" from hahaGranted I don't eat cheese so reviwing a pizza joint is a little off, but myself and all the other vegans and ex-vegans I know swear by the alegro tomato pie. It's fricken delicious. Beare in mind this place in university city so your going to have to put up with more drunk jocks then you can shake a stick at but hey if you can't beat 'em join 'em...alegros sells beer.Okay, this is going to be a somewhat limited review, because we ordered a limited number of things. But we really liked what we got.
So here it is. We only got Grilled Cheese sandwhiches and soup.
Both were really good. I know, I know. How hard are either of these to make?
Well, they can still be made bad. And, Allegro made them good, and the price was great.
Update: Don't come here for the pizza. It's very average.My girlfriend used to go to college in the area and when I was visiting this was the spot to go. They serve all types if meals but this review is really for the cheesesteak. It was damn good. In fact whenever I go to Philly I feel the need to get one from here (double cheese with green peppers). It's a good look.Finally, a pizza in University City that I will eat. Devour, in fact. Great service, decent prices, and delivery! As an added bonus, their chicken alfredo pasta is amazing.I have only experienced the delivery-side of this restaurant. The food arrived 1 hour and 45 minutes after placing the order. My hoagie was soggy, and my fries were ice-cold.
Do not order from here on saturday nights.I do enjoy the pizza and other food at Allegros, however their customer service is less then.  The people who work there tend to be on the rude side.  They also advertise hours that they don't keep.  When school is out, they close early and don't  post this anywhere.  They just don't answer their phones.  Students are not the only customers living in the University City area.Great late night hang out spot for college students! You're served fast and given very generous portions as well. Although it does get a bit crowded and noisy, that is only to be expected given their location. 
I ordered wings and a side of fries. Both were very standard in taste, though they were not bland. Regardless of the flavor, they do give you a lot of food. If you ask for an order of fries, they fill an entire rectangular Styrofoam container full of them. In terms of drinks, (quite surprisingly)they have an extensive beer selection. 
I will definitely be back here and highly recommend this place to any Penn or Drexel student before and after the party!Been coming here since I was 15. I'm now 27 and this place is hands down my favorite place to grab pizza. Love the slices but only when it's fresh, since they tend to have slices lay out there for a while. (Few hours?) They sell alcohol here too but very expensive compared to the rest of Philly. They are now open 24/7 so enjoy!As pizza goes it is just your basic run of the mill pizza place. 
It is fine for the basics. 
Fries are always soggy
The Stromboli is surprisingly good. Add ricotta for a nice calzone. 
It is probably the best pizza in the general area.I really like the food here. Extremely fast delivery and good service anytime I've order. However, nothing is ever really flavorful or seasoned very well. I literally have to go home and add seasonings to whatever I buy because the flavor is so bland. So strange. But once again, the food is well made and fresh. So hey. Win some lose some.Cheap pizzeria place, HOWEVER, it is decent/very good for the price they charge.
Good sizes and nice taste. Good place to go when you are starving and have no money. 
- Do not expect a fancy place. 
- I would recommend getting the food and then leaving$2 pizza rossa in America, but it tastes like shitty monsanto American agribusiness tomatoes, but they have Leffe. Given that they are making huge American pizza and reheating it to order, they do it pretty well, but the ingredients are not very high quality.To be completely honest, their food is, in fact, very good. 
However, one of the male employees felt it necessary to harass me!!! I felt so uncomfortable. He continued to keep talking after I asked him to stop. 
Ladies: beware!!I ate here twice on an overnight stay in Philly. Great food, great service and great prices!!Allegro is falling off. I haven't been to this place in a year, and last weekend I was reminded by why. The pizza was not good to me. It was just blah. Went to go and wash my hands and the bathroom was filthy. I mean filthy. We decided to sit outside, hoping we'd get away from the chatter, but no. 
Two college kids followed us to these other tables and were busy running their mouths about people walking about and obviously going to parties. I know that we were outside but I don't want to hear your conversation. Annoying. Plus the tables hadn't been cleaned in like all day. 
I will not be returning for a long time.
Oh, yeah, I DID not like the pizza.While the pizza here is good and the delivery is speedy, this restaurant's customer service skills is lacking, to say the least. Today I ordered a pizza and a two liter soda paying $2.50 for the soda for the convenience. The delivery person forgot my soda and said he'd be right back. So I waited....after 20 minutes I called the restaurant. The man who answered made it sound as if it was my privilege to wait. Of course, the delivery person had other deliveries so I would have to wait. Which I did....after 30 minutes I called the delivery person who also made me feel like a dick for being upset that they got my order wrong and that they made me wait. He still had not gone back to Allegro to get my soda (which was only 8 blocks away). So I waited....50 minutes later my soda arrived.This place is an above-average, but not exceptional pizza place.  As much as I love Philly significantly more than New York, and think Philly is a bastion of high food culture whereas New York is a sinkhole of overpriced junk, New York does Pizza better than Philly, and New Haven, CT absolutely owns Philly.  So the bar is set lower.
This is one of the better pizza places I've found in Philly, but compared against the other non-pizza restaurants in the surrounding neighborhood, many of which earn their five stars, this one falls short.
It's very good, but the pizza just isn't as good as it could be.  Every time I sink my teeth into a slice of pizza here, I am heartily satisfied.  The ingredients are fresh, it's not too greasy...but...it just doesn't wow me.  It isn't an otherworldy experience.  And...in the Philly metro, up the road in the north 'burbs, is Jules Thin Crust, which costs only a bit more per slice, and does wow me like this.  And...up in New York and New Haven, CT, there are lots of places that look superficially like this one, but also wow me like that.  I need that experience of awesomeness before I dole out the fifth star.
Other things that this place has going for it though are a great beer selection, really great location, a friendly staff, and the fact it's open late at night.
This place will make you say "heck yeah" when you are hungry and want a place to get good pizza and beer, but it won't knock your socks off if you're looking for the best gourmet pizza around.If you're into soggy pizza where the cheese and toppings literally slide off the dough  then this place is for you!!  Very disappointed. Should have known the moment they delivered 20 minutes after I placed my order over the phone... It takes at least 20 minutes to cook a pizza.I did not grow on the froufrou pizza that so many place serve these days, so I still love a hand tossed crust with cheese and sauce, and maybe some pepperoni to spice it up. That's what you get here, simple and traditional. If you decide you want to eat in, it has the feel of a real pizzeria, not a trendy restaurant that makes pizza. If you are looking for something good and traditional, I can't think of anywhere better in the University City area.NEVER AGAIN. Delivery driver never called tonight, just texted. NEVER ONCE CALLED. Then stood there for 7 minutes, still never calling. Until he finally decided to pound on my window so violently I thought a neighbor's house was on fire. I had zero appetite after your 9:30pm Friday delivery guy literally scared it out of me. Also, my coleslaw looked and tasted a lot like potato salad.Stopped in for dinner while working overtime in west Philly. Grabbed 2 slices BBQ pizza. Good food, not bad price.Apparently they feel free to charge people's bank accounts and then not deliver the food they charged for. I don't know what kind if business they're running, but it's not worth it. Then when confronted they try to cover up their mistakes instead of addressing their error.In my opinion, the best pizza in UC. It's a little on the pricey side - 2 slices and a Coke will run you about $7. Still, this has been my quick on-the-go-dinner spot for a while, and is always good for a laid-back time, eating pizza and watching TV.I've never actually been into Allegro, because my craving for their calzone strikes me at odd hours and I inevitably break down and submit to the $1.50 delivery fee.
     I've tried various entrees and have found most of them to be hit-and-miss.  The pizza is okay, but I suspect they use canned mushrooms.  I once drunkenly called them to inquire as such, but they vehemently denied anything but fresh mushrooms.  I think they were lying.
     However, I love their calzone.  It's so sinful.  I always get the mushroom and onion and a large not only feeds me for three days, but seems to get better with time.  I have a tendency to order at campusfood.com (how I love not having to explain myself on the phone), but I've found that they often have more dessert options, etc. than listed, which they can tell you about if you call.   I've found them remarkably accomodating when calling- that is, when they pick up the phone.  For some reason, as of late, their hours have not been as advertised.  I've called in late afternoon and the phone just rings and rings.  Campusfood sometimes randomly lists them as closed, even though their listed hours suggest otherwise.  However, last time my fiance called, the person there was kind enough to field questions for twenty minutes and make suggestions.  Maybe he spit in our food later, but the fiance LOVED the salad.  It was possibly the biggest salad I've ever seen.
    Speed of delivery obviously depends on when you're ordering, but lately, it's pretty speedy.  I find the prices mostly reasonable.  My opinion of Allegro might be different if I actually ventured in instead of past, but I've been happy enough with my delivery (and with those calzones) that I will consistently keep coming back for more.They have really good chicken pesto paninis. Once when I ordered delivery the chicken was raw and they forgot the pesto but that was forgivable because the other times they were perfect. Also, the pizza here is one of the better places in University city.I ordered MILD WINGS for the superbowl with a side of blue cheese and ranch. I receive BUFFALO WINGS and break out in hives from the spices of wings. I am always aware of wings before ordering due to SEVERE ALLERGIES TO A CERTAIN AMOUNT OF SPICE. These wings were literally drown in sauce. I called back and they were suppose to deliver my sauce. 35 minutes later, still no sauce on the way (delivery man was "on his way") ; still I wait ONE HOUR AND 15 MINUTES WAITING FOR A NEW SET OF WINGS THE MANAGER PROMISED ME. Horrible Customer Service from the Manager and Still No Phone Call or a Refund in my account. I am very disappointed that I didnt call New Style from the first place. never AGAIN!  
(I LIVE 2 BLOCKS AWAY and AM A CHEF! )Pizza quality has gone down hill seriously, the toppings only covered the middle area and the cheese was put on very sparingly. Most of the pizza was just crust. Too bad, they use to be good but I guess they need to pay for their fancy beer pub next door so cutting corners is the new norm. Owner used to be friendly but now he's just cocky. This is so typical for the areas restauranteers, too much money to be made in this town.I love this place!  I don't eat pizza often, but when I do, I go to Allegro's.  I'm a Penn student and also on the board for Big Brothers Big Sisters.  I've been a loyal customer for 4 years and counting: always coming here with my friends for a great pizza that's affordable and delicious for dinner or late night.  
Today, I sat down with the manager for the first time and he was more than willing to help us cater our BBBS community pasta dinner that we're hosting later this month.  He was extremely amicable and generous, which gives me faith in the community we have in University City.  
Thanks so much, you guys are the best.This is a great place to grab slices. Although the slices are big and generous, the quality really is what you pay for. It's not bad, but a cheap alternative if you're really drunk. Big beer selection. Buffalo chicken and classic pepperoni are pretty solid. I like the fact that they have self-serve peppers and a buffalo sauce dispenser. Not a fan of the garlic knots. I don't taste the garlic at all; for me, it's like paying for little pieces of bland bread.I've been to Allegro a few times. Last Friday, the Greek Lady was closed for breakfast but, Allegro was open. :) I ordered a Greek Omelet that had Bulgarian feta cheese, spinach and tomatoes. Yum! It came with toast (real Rye bread was used) and potatoes. These are spicy and very tasty! Filled me up so I could continue on my power walk that day.
Previously, I stopped by with friends for pizza slices. What I like is the variety. The pizza was good - not greasy.  I had white pizza with spinach and mushroom. So, you can get relatively healthy, veggie pizzas here.Nice! 
I like the fact I could order a pizza really late at night and they would deliver it!
I am sure I will be back for breakfast and pizza.A solid four stars for Allegro... with the fourth star being the twinkle in my eye when I think of this place.  Some highlights:
 - The best chicken cheesesteak I've ever had.
 - Decent slices of pizza, especially after midnight.
 - Great peoplewatching, including the time my girlfriend and I sat next to the jukebox, only to realize that the drunk guy a few booths away put "Do You Want My Body" by Rod Stewart on repeat, apparently mistaking Allegro for a karaoke bar.
 - Tasty black and white milkshakes.
 - Cheap calzones.
All in all, a great neighborhood pizza place.  I wouldn't make it a destination or tell anyone from out of town their trip to Philly wouldn't be complete without it, but I do miss Allegro.The tomato pie is delicious, which is why i come back.  Although sometimes they do not have very many slices available and tend to push the other more expensive pizzas.  
Also, a convenient place to pick up beer while seeing a show at pilam (byobooz).  They seem to play country music alot, which is strange, but usually there's a good sized crowd watching the tv.I actually really enjoy their pizza here, it reminds me of the dollar pizzas I used to get growing up in New York. So I dare say it tastes like New York pizza. I like a good thin floppy crust with extra cheese, but that's my preference.They have pretty amazing pizza. I really loved the spinach/feta//tomato pizza. They are also open pretty late :)Pizza is pretty decent but that's it. Great to stop in for slices and a beer. Delivery will tell you 45 mins but will be there in 10. Bad cheesesteak, hoagie, fried items tho. Seriously.Do not order over the phone. I tried to order a grilled chicken wrap on a spinach tortilla. The person taking the order continued to say items that I did not want on my wrap. I explained at least 3X and spoke very slow and clear. He began to get frustrated and hung up the phone. This is very unprofessional. Try Upenn Cafe instead..after getting a post-exam craving for spaghetti and meatballs I ordered some from Allegro's. It comes with choice of soup or salad--I got the minestrone--and garlic bread. A couple of things: 
1. The spaghetti was a HUGE portion--could have fed 2 hungry people or 3 peckish people. Literally. I'm a big eater, so this means something. 
2. The minestrone was really lame, but I thought it would be safer than a wilty iceberg lettuce side salad (but that's just speculation) 
3. the meatballs were meh. they were those squishy kinda cafeteria tasting meatballs.
4. They didn't put enough tomato sauce, but if you have some on hand in your kitchen, no harm no foul, I say. 
5. It came with 2 garlic bread twisty-type rolls. They were aight, but i was pleasantly surprised that there were 2. 
Anyways. Filled me up and I still have a lot left for tomorrow's lunch and dinner. Wasn't bad, wasn't great, but I didn't have to lift a finger, so that's the world we live in!I ordered pizza, a panini and a side a mac n cheese from Allegro Pizza. The pizza was clearly not made by the same establishment that the photo from the online menu was taken. It was thoroughly middling. The panini was also bland. It tasted like plain cold cuts with mozzarella cheese on toasted ciabatta. Zero spices or creativity went into the making of this. The "maccaroni" and cheese was penne (no problem with that) and velveeta.  I'm personally not a big fan of velveeta, but for this most mundane part of the meal to be the best executed and tastiest doesn't say much.I'm a little surprised at Alegro's lack of Yelps.  I love this place!  I used to go to Alegro for slices and a beer and sometimes for a study break to watch a bit of an Eagles game.  Given the variety of quality slices on offer, the reasonable beer selection, and the fun, casual and local atmosphere, I'm almost tempted to give Alegro that coveted fifth star!Have you ever ordered a pizza that was so gigantic that it literally couldn't fit through your door? No? Time to call Allegro's. This 28 inch monstrosity is not only one of the biggest pies in Philadelphia, it's one of the best (and it's under $25). Their regular sized pies are just as fresh and good, but really, can you ever have enough of a good thing? If you aren't in a pizza mood they have a wide variety of italian entrees which are outstanding (I'd do unspeakable things for the Penne Alfredo), and the serving sizes are more than generous. Each entree comes with a garlic knot and a salad, or soup (go with the soup!), and I can promise you that if you eat your side soup/salad before the entree first will have enough left over for a complete second meal.
Maybe italian isn't your thing, no worries, just order a hoagie or a chicken Caesar Salad (choose the salad!) and prepare to be blown away. My fiancee and I made the mistake of getting a grilled chicken Caesar for each of us once and immediately regretted our decision due to how big they were. One salad can EASILY feed two people (with leftovers) and if they put less than two chicken breasts on top I'd be surprised. The lettuce was crisp, the vegetables flavorful, the cheese was freshly grated, and the chicken was perfectly marinated. Allegro's beer selection is very respectable and reasonably priced and is the perfect compliment to their food.
Easily one of the best Pizzerias in all of "University City" (West Philly) and definitely the best delivery place, highly recommend you try it at least once.Great food if you're looking for late delivery, but it's such a shame they only deserve 3 stars because never once have they gotten my order correct. No matter what I've ordered, how big or how small the order, something is always forgotten.Every time I come, I think, oh wow their pizza is better than I remember!! I guess my memory sucks, or have low expectations every time, but mmm favorites are their allegro white (spinach, ricotta, tomatoes), buffalo chicken, & primavera (broccoli, spinach, tomatoes, garlic sauce mozzarella). Then there's their chicken finger platter, which is super filling and such a treat (get the honey mustard sauce)! Good fries when they're fresh too.
Large beer selection, they can card pretty hard though and they'll take your fake. Filled with drunk kids Thu-Sat night and well maybe even Wed night. Open late Fri & Sat, which is smart and awesome for everyone involved.Gotta give credit where it's due...
It's almost an obligation that every pizza place have some sort of "premium cheese fries" ...usually that means cheddar, mozzarella, swiss, bacon, and ranch/ceasar dressing give or take. Everybody has something like this with their own name attached... mega fries, super fries, ultimate fries, and in the case of Allegro... Allegro House Fries. 
Wow... in all my years Allegro is the only place that is SERIOUS about bacon. I really couldn't believe it. It's really cool that they got this right because I guess given the area... its "college food" and the only other guys who come anywhere close also had "college food" only Temple's campus. I've been out of Temple for years now so that other place is just a memory, but Allegro is here and now... and still in my neck of the woods. I'll have to get back here more often.It's mediocre
soggy simple cheap pizza
but it's edible.Food is solid and not too expensive. However, this is the second time that Ive called and asked- first thing I always say on the phone- "Can I place an order for delivery?" The girl on the phone proceeded to ask me my address. However, an hour later, I did not have my food, so I called. They had written it down as a pickup, so the food was sitting there for 40 minutes before it got to me. Cmon man.The service was awful, I had to wait well over an hour, and it was extremely expensive for cold pizza and mozzarella sticks.I just experienced an annoying series of events with Allegro's Pizza.  Sunday night (5/31/2009) we placed a delivery order, which we do about once a week.  One of the items we ordered was chicken fingers.  When they arrived, my partner opened up the chicken container and recoiled at the smell.  I sniffed them, and they smelled rancid, like fish gone bad.  I immediately called them and asked to speak with a manager.  I was told that there was no manager on site.  I told the person on the phone about the rancid chicken fingers.  They offered to bring out another order, but since our concern was that the oil they were using had gone bad, I told them I wasn't OK with that choice and requested a refund.  I was told that since I had paid by credit card, the only person who could do the refund was the manager.  Then I was told that my other option was that they could put a note on my accounting saying we were owed a free order of chicken fingers, but I didn't feel comfortable with that option, so they took my number and said they would have the manager call me back.  At that point we put the styrofoam container with the stinky chicken fingers in a ziploc bag in the refrigerator (as "evidence.")
After a couple of hours no one had called, so I called to find out what was going on.  I was told that a manager wouldn't be in until Monday at 11:00 a.m.  Around 3:00 p.m. on Monday I called and asked to speak with a manager.  I was then told that the manager wasn't in until Tuesday.  I explained the problem to the person on the phone, and he asked me to hold on.  Then the line was disconnected.  I called back and asked if he had just hung up on me, and he said "No, I thought you said it was OK."  I said "No, I thought you asked me to hold."  He said "OK hold on," then in the background I heard him say "Matty, could you take this?" and he put me on hold for 10 minutes, at which point the line was disconnected again.  I called back, and the line was picked up then hung up immediately (they have caller ID).
I then called back on my cell phone and asked to speak with Matty.  This was the guy I had spoken to the night before.  I explained the situation, and he said "I offered to send someone out with your refund last night but you refused."  I told him that that option had not, in fact, been offered to me, and that I actually would be happy with that plan.  He then said "But what about the chicken fingers?"  I told him we had saved them and would be happy to give them back, which surprised him.  He looked at my account and said belligerently, "I see you've ordered them in the past and never had a problem."  I said, "Exactly my point!  If you get food that smells like rotten fish, would you eat it?"  He reluctantly agreed that no, he wouldn't.
A few minutes later the delivery guy showed up with my refund in cash, and I handed him the chicken fingers.  The delivery guy then said "They said they won't take your orders anymore."  I shrugged and said "Fine with me."  I mean, we're moving in a month, so who cares, right?  But still... WTF?  We've been regular customers of theirs for YEARS, and the one time we have a problem, we're given the runaround and are told we can't order from them anymore?  At no point did I yell or curse at them.  While I didn't hide the fact that I was annoyed, I dealt with them in a professional manner.  I'm disgusted with their behavior.  It's a shame that they have the best (to my tastes) pizza & strombolis available for delivery in University City.Took kids on a Sunday evening. Service was quick friendly and pizza was good. Also got chicken Alfredo. Lots of chicken. Good outdoor setting although chains on chains to prevent vandalism and protect against weather we're annoying. Good experience. Decent prices.College, late night food is perfect for the cravings. They get pretty slammed during the school year so cut them some slack on slower deliveries!Recently ordered a half sausage half allegro white pizza. It was delivered quickly and hot. Overall the best pizza i've had around Penn (admittedly, this is not saying much). If you're looking for something akin to ny/nj pizza, this is the best bet without venturing beyond campus. Try ordering during off hours for speed and perhaps a little more TLC. (I ordered at 2:30 on a friday)
However, if you list spinach as an ingredient, please add more spinach! I think my pizza averaged 1.5 spinach leaves per slice. Not good.I think that Allegro makes a solid pie for your college-oriented pizza joint - the tomato pie is very tasty, indeed.  There's a good selection of slices to grab and go.  
The beer selection is definitely great, and I love how insanely late it stays open on the weekends, though I'm not too fond of the crowd.  I guess that's why I'm always drunk in there on the weekends when grabbing some nightcap beers - it's the only way I can put up with the Penn kids.2.5 normally ... 3.5 late night. It is wat it is. Plus it had beer close to housing, so yay. Plus they got all kindsa crazy choices to hit the spot when u got the munchies.Meh. We wanted a pizza to watch during the Gators vs. Vols game. Although the game has thus far been exciting the pizza wasn't. Bland crust. Pretty much the second worst (head cooks was the worst) pizza we've had in University City. Although the toppings weren't too bad the crust was like eating thick cardboard. 1/5
The saving grace was that we ordered 10 hot buffalo wings too. Those were among the better half of wings we've had in University City. Not really too got but u can feel a little heat. 3.5/5
Overall 2 stars. Would look elsewhere for pizza.Allegro Pizza is a pretty standard pizza shop.  The pizza is heavy on the cheese... Maybe a little too heavy, but it's decent cheese.  The crust isn't bad.  Dine-in service is of the order at the counter variety.  They make the pizzas fairly quickly, though.
The place seems reasonably clean.  And they have a decent six pack selection.
It's a fairly standard college-campus pizza place.  It's not the sort of place that you'd go out of your way to visit, but if you're in the area, it gets the job done.2.5 hours late, they got the number wrong ( repeated it 3 times on phone and the guy repeated it back to me), burger and fries cold, especially disgusting fries which were so soggy it was pretty much wet.A-mazing! Excellent customer service which can be hard to find these days! Definitely stopping by when I'm in Philly!If you just want a cheap, simple piece of NYC style pizza, it does the trick. It's not Picas. Don't have high expectations and you will be satisfied.My boyfriend and I order delivery from here a lot, mostly because it's open late and they have vegetarian options. We've never really had a problem and the food has always been fine, but last night we ordered delivery and their delivery driver has proceeded to send me unwanted texts after delivering the food. 
Creepy stuff like "you look beautiful and I want to be your friend." Even sent me more texts this morning.
I'm creeped out cause now not only does this dude have my number but also knows where I live. 
We will not be ordering delivery from here anymore because we would like to avoid any further interactions with this specific driver. 
Please train your drivers better in the future because this is not okay and makes your customers feel extremely uncomfortable.I am a frequent customer of Allegro's (I probably order from there once a week or so) and have been ordering from there for about 8 years now. I am a fan of their food and have never really had any major issues that I can recall. I've used their delivery service and have gone to their restaurant in person. Their delivery is fast and the food is always warm to hot! My usual dishes include pizza, cheesesteaks, fries, cheeseburgers and salads. They are essentially my go-to comfort food place! The restaurant is clean and has a large assortment of beers and sodas to choose from, which I think is fairly unique. Delivery people are always pleasant!Coming from NY, maybe I had higher expectations for pizza. This pizzeria is the most mediocre pizza you can get - nothing less, and absolutely nothing more.
The workers are nice, and you can get some decent food, but this is more of a if you're really hungry and looking to eat anything type deal.Typical take out pizza/wings/etc place. Not bad, not amazing. More amazing at 2am though, that's for sure hah. Sometimes can take awhile. Staff is pretty friendly though.i love panninis so when i'm craving and forget about everytime they have messed up my order, i campusfood.com it and they always seem to mess up my order, and whenever i call and ask about it they have no idea what i'm talking about. atleast campus food will normally give me a refundBefore this place changed management last summer, I loved this pizza place. The pizza was delicious and reasonably priced. The other items like cheesesteaks and sandwiches were delicious. And their fries were perfectly crunchy.
Now...after the management change, this place is nothing special. Sure the place is more spruced up with marble floors and a huge beer selection. Besides this, the prices went up, the quality went down a little bit. Now its not worth my while. It still is a popular pizza place, but no longer my favorite, though I am still a fan of their garlic knots. I'd say it is a hit or miss.We ordered pizza here based on a recommendation for a friend. We made the mistake of doing delivery. The pizza when it arrived was nearly cold...not even warm. The order was correct at least. Also, the pizza (2 toppings on each side) with delivery & 20% tip ended up being almost $28 for 1 large pizza. All that said, if the pizza were a bit more affordable and I picked it up myself, I would venture to say it would be a pretty good pizza. There are too many options in the neighborhood to try it again though.On U Penn's campus. Open late, and sells beer. The pizza I have eaten here is not so good, the pizza is fine for a quick dinner or snack.
Mostly I came here for beer, they have a decent selection and thier prices are not too high. I like a place where you can buy fancier microbrews and colt 45 in the same place. 
One plus is they allow you to open your beer in the restaurant, so you can have a really inexpensive dinner with your choice of beer.When I came to school, everyone raved about allegros for some reason so I was excited.  Sadly, pizza sucks.  Pasta sucks.  It's just bad.
Order from dominos or papa johns.  It's better.Allegro is the definition of the mediocre pizza place. It walks that fine line between great and bad. There's an art to what Allegro does because nobody loves it, nobody hates it, and there's none left at the end of the party. I guess that means that they are succeeding but idunno, I'm never thrilled that I'm here but I always leave satisfied.I can only speak from limited experience, but if you find yourself with friends (particularly vegan friends) late at night after briefly attending an overwhelming First Friday and you are dying for pizza, Allegro Pizza will certainly fill your craving.  We got one pepperoni, one cheese, and one cheese-less tomato pizza and all three were delicious.  Totally hit the spot, maybe even too well.  There was no need for me to eat quite that much pizza but I enjoyed every moment of it!Ok so here's how I arrived at my rating of 4 stars:
2 stars for food
-1 star for service
+ 2 stars for selection of booze
-1 star for price of booze
-1 star for actually enforcing the limitation on how much booze you can buy.
+ 1 star for having a clean bathroom
-2 stars for turning into Greek Lady 2 and throwing out all the homeless guys that would drink 40's out of little plastic cups at 11am
+4 stars for having the most incredibly tacky chandelier I've ever seen in my life.
So there you have it... A four star restaurant!Food: 3.5
Decor: 2.5
Ambiance: 3.5
Service: 3
Value: 3
A surprisingly good cheesesteak here, for a decent price. Not much else to speak of otherwise.After previously having nothing but awesome service and food I'm severely disappointed by the fact that the delivery driver tried to scam me. He pulled out a credit card swiper saying that I owed money on a prepaid order. No, sorry buddy. It's already paid for on a credit card and I'm not happy that you're trying to steal my credit card information. He lied about not being able to get ahold of the store to see if it was actually paid for already. Meanwhile, I ordered via Grubhub and have the receipt. Be weary at this point of delivery drivers. Not happy about this at all. Allegro owners, please actually look into who you hire.Great owner, clean environment
Awesome yelp offer of a free fountain drink
Good burger, great pizza slices, solid pastasThe prices are great, the flavor is awesome, but the delivery driver might want to be a bit more careful.  I've included pics from pizzas I ordered for a work lunch a couple of months ago. We had to make a few major adjustments to the toppings before presenting to the Chief Executives... (I have ordered from them since with no problem)
Still Allegro gets 4 stars from me for their good service, very nice salad, complimentary bread sticks & plates/utensils/napkins!Let us not kid ourselves; pizza west of the river is generally grease slopped on cardboard, with ketchupy sauce.
All that said, Allegro is the only 'za worth checking for in University City/West Philly, period. Though it's much better when eaten in the restaurant, the atmosphere sucks. Allegro attracts students, families, and a few drunken regulars famously arguing about whatever sporting event is on the TV.
The sausage pizza is the way to go, and Allegro has a tolerable selection of beers to go and a few on tap.
Again, if you can't make it into the city... and you're in West Philthy, go here. Also... extra love because Allegro seems to be the ONLY restaurant in Philadelphia without a delivery charge... not that it matters, but it's cool to get some suburbia treatment in the city.As a New Yorker, I should have known better than to think I'd get the same quality of pizza in Philadelphia. Garlic knots- not good at all. Basically bread with some parm cheese on it and a little bit of garlic. No real flavor.
Pizza (white pizza). Not great either. Actually tasted better the next day. Quite disappointed. Definitley not eating here again.They sell Framboise, I mean really? I love this place even more purely because of this fact alone!One of two places on Penn's campus for a good slice (the other being pizza rustica). Allegro's is open much later and is way closer to most students' dorms and off-campus houses. It gets crowded on the weekends with mildly intoxicated Penn students whetting their appetites after a good number of drinks.
A good, clean place for buying / drinking 40s alone or with friends. Yup, they also "distribute" beer (stupid PA liquor laws). Reasonable prices on beer.
Don't get the pasta, it's not their expertise. Allegro's is also a fun place for watching sports games on their nice plasma screens.