3rd time's the charm! Wait, actually, every time has been a charm!
I am absolutely in love with Jose Garces restaurant, but Amada is definitely my favorite! (A little bit sad that I didn't get to try Chifa before it closed)...
FOOD: 5/5
-Definitely start with a mixto of either cheese or cured meat. I'm a huge fan of cheeses so that's what I went, but wow, the cured meat platter next to us look so tempting! I went with the manchego (loved the lavender honey), ermesenda, and garrotxa; the garrotxa itself is a bit bland, but with the garlic dulce de leche, it was magical! all in all, there is no cheese you can go wrong with if you're a cheese lover!
-Gazpacho - one of my favorite here; love the fresh factor, and yellow tomato is always so interesting. It's just so rightly chilled and slightly sour. Great appetizer!
-Tortilla Espanola - my girlfriend loved it, but it was a bit of "potato overload" for me!
-Albondigas - a classic tapas dish for me here, definitely a must!
-Gambas al Ajillo - pan seared shrimp if I'm correct. It's definitely good but not to die for. Sprayed with lemon juice on top so it's definitely refreshing
-Alcachofas y setas - read that the wild mushrooms were delicious so we gave this a try. If we weren't so darn full by now it would've been amazingly scrumptious. Regardless, definitely a dish worth trying!
-Crema catalan - I don't want to sound crude but isn't it just creme brulee? Good, but didn't like the dates on there. Also, you get a FREE almond cookie! It's good enough of a dessert itself!
AMBIANCE & SERVICE: 5/5
Love the design of the restaurant; this didn't change since my last dinner. Service has been amazing the past two times. I was unfortunate to arrive a bit more than 20 minutes late, and with a call to the restaurant ahead of the time, they were willing to hold my table. Thank you! The waiters and waitresses were so nice, and my water glass was never empty (my huge pet peeve!). 
RECOMMENDATION
Definitely don't get too much. People say tapas are small, but they can fill you up quickly! We got 7 total, including dessert and counting the mixto cheese platter as one instead of three. THAT IS DEFINITELY TOO MUCH! I could barely enjoy the flatbread and dessert because I was so darn full! Also, ditch the dessert and eat the FREE cookie. It's good! When the tab came, I was pleasantly surprised that tip and tax included, it was right under $100, which makes me think this was much more worth it than a date at a steakhouse, and much more appealing. I'd much rather not watch my date chomp over some steak ferociously....ALSO, if you're running a bit late or hitting traffic, give a quick call ahead and they can usually hold your table for up to 20-30 minutes! Just be nice and ask!I had been wanting to go to Amada for a long time and I finally go to go this past weekend! My cousins and I split a pitcher of red sangria, which had the perfect ratio of wine and fruit juice. After drinking some sangria, I ordered the Broken Hugs cocktail and found that to be even better than the sangria. We ordered about 8 small plates between the three of us, which ended up being the perfect amount. My favorite dishes were the lamb meatballs, baked goat cheese, and grilled octopus. I would 10/10 recommend Amada whether it is for drinks at the bar or a nice sit down dinner!I was excited to try this restaurant when I visited Philly as I've heard great things of the one in NYC and haven't had a chance to make it yet. I was honestly surprised of how underwhelming the food was. We ordered the ham croquettes which were cold in the middle and the ham filling didn't have as much flavor as I've had in the past. Next we had the crab stuffed pepper which was room temperature (not hot like it should be) and was just okay. We had also ordered the grill beef skewer and the mushroom and artichoke flat bread in which were both pretty good. We didn't order dessert since we felt it was better not to. Overall it's a beautiful restaurant and service was great but they could take a few pointers from Boqueria.One of the original tapas restaurants in Philadelphia that continues to produce fine tapas and drinks. For bourbon lovers try the matador. Nicely decorated inside, the restaurant is great for both business and pleasure. Their paella is very good as are their desserts. One of the best restaurants in Old City.My first experience having tapas did not disappoint. I'm so glad it was at Amada. Everything was delicious! I came on a Monday night with my boyfriend for Center City Restaurant Week, and the place was packed. We were seated very quickly (we had a reservation). For the first course, we had Aged Manchego Cheese with truffle lavender honey, Chorizo Blanco, Tortilla Española, and Gambas Al Ajillo. For the second course, we had Coca de Alcachofas Y Setas, A La Plancha: Hanger Steak, Arroz Temporado, and Madre E Hijo,. We both got Tocinillo de Cielo for dessert. There wasn't one thing I didn't like--they were all so yummy!Another visit, another hit!  And we had the pleasure of meeting Chef Garces himself!  What a charming, down to earth soul.  By all means, have their signature pork tapa - but know that it takes a good half hour to give the skin that perfect CRUNCH that had us all weak at the knees.  Seriously, if I'm going to up my cholesterol - this is the way to do it!  Food is prepared with a lot of love!  I wasn't too thrilled with the spanish octopus though, it was tough and dry.  But the oysters with strawberries and cava sorbet - what a delight!  That short rib flat bread?  Amazing!  The wagu beef skewer?  Delicioso!  The cheese and charcuterie with some wonderful tempranillo - definitely a great starter!  I can't wait to visit some of his other restaurants.  The place was PACKED on a Tuesday night, and not a single diner seemed unhappy - the food is and was all this iron chef says he offers!  Next time Im bringing friends and we are ordering the cochinillo!  GRACIAS AMADA!This was my first time at Amada and we did "the pig" -- a definite must! I highly recommend finding 3 or more friends and getting on the list as reservations book up a couple months in advance. They bring the roasted suckling pig tableside to carve -- it's quite the site. The bowls of chick peas with spinach in a red sauce, grilled green onions, roasted fingerling potatoes, and white beans with rosemary that accompany the pig were all delicous. We also started off with a few tapas which I recommend  while waiting (garlic shrimp and a chef's cheese plate selection -- both delicous). I'm also hooked on their wine list -- if you like whites, try the Verdejo!Everything on the menu is great. I've been numerous times and have never had a dish that wasn't outstanding in some way. I love the decor too. Sorry to cut this short I have to go eat at Amada.We came here since a friend recommended it. Luckily we booked ahead And they were very accommodating.  Overall it was a great atmosphere and great for drinks.  The suckling pig was very tasty but it's more of a dish for 6-8 people and comes with sides.
Sangria was tasty as well.We were there on Tuesday around 1:30pm. Just a few tables of people. We did the chef's selection. Hubs loved the IPA and my wine was great too. The chef's selection was $35 per person and it was A LOT of food.  I'm a pescatarian and they were able to make changes from steak to fish. Normally I'm not a fan of cauliflower but Amanda did a great job! But the scallops was just okay a bit bitter. Overall great experience.AMAZING TAPAS!
they have a drink called "women on the verge of a nervous breakdown". 
a favorite of some of my peeps!Sad sad sad!!!! I love this place... really I do... my wife and I have been there a few times. We even got to meet Jose Garces there once.
But we went there for lunch a few weeks back. From the moment we walked through the door, I got a bad feeling and it only went down from there.
When we walked through the door, we were asked if we wanted to sit at the high tables at the bar. I hate when restaurants ask you to do that. It's almost as if they are saying, "we don't want to waste our tables on you so we'll sit you at the bar".  There were literally two other tables with people in them at that time. I'll let that one go though... maybe this is some sort of acceptable business practice for restaurants.
But the problems really started with our waitress... not only did we wait almost 10 minutes for her to say hello to us. And when she did, there was no smile, she just said, "I'll be back to bring you both tap water..." errr... what if we wanted bottle water?!?!! 
At no point during the time we ordered our food, to the end of the meal did she smile at us. It was the absolute worst service I have ever had at a JG restaurant. and I've been to most of them many times. I forget her name, but she had reddish/brown hair. She was so condescending and dismissive... it got to the point where we didn't even want to talk to her. 
The only time she smiled was when she brought the bill over... I guess she was hoping for a better tip. (sigh)
What made it worse was that she was so warm and inviting to the other tables that were seated after us. My wife and I sat there in shock. The only saving grace with the wait staff was that one of the runners was probably one of the best I've had at a JG restaurant. She went above and beyond to make sure we were happy.
Luckily the food was fantastic(as always). 
If this were my first time at this restaurant, I would NEVER go back.
That being said, my wife and I are going to Rosa Blanca this weekend... I'm hoping for a nicer experience.It's really good, but not spectacular. There are some great tapas here and it's well worth the stop. I've lived off of Spanish food most of my life and could say there are a lot of dishes here that are tasty. What bugged me was that the two easiest and most quintessential dishes were off. The tortilla was just dry and dense...and also the patatas bravas dish's allioli just tastes like Hellmans mixed with a tiny, tiny dab of garlic. Being a flagship restaurant, make real allioli and put some actual garlic in it. Anyway; not trying to sound bitter...I actually have been here several times, and it's worth it. It's just those two things really bother me.With over 700 reviews, I doubt mine will make a difference, but I can't hold in my love for Amada much longer. Last Friday, I came here for the fifth time, and I was blown away yet again by the flavor of the food. With my boyfriend, I normally get my favorite dish, the spinach and fig salad wrapped in serrano ham. But this past week, I was with my pescaterian friend, so we got the $55 tasting and requested that there be no meat/poultry. 
Everything was spot-on - especially the diver scallops, fava beans, and mushrooms. The food just kept coming!  We definitely got our money's worth and waddled out of there fat and satisfied.The food was AMAZING! We had many dishes and they we all delicious!
FILET MIGNON (Cabrales, Foie Gras,Swiss Chard,Tempranillo Jus) was absolutely delicious. I never had foie gras before and I didnt even want it on the meat. It came out on the side. I tasted it and was surprised. It was delish! Tasted like a rich, bacon taste and it complimented the steak perfectly!
We also had calamari, cheese dish, cured meats dish, short rib flatbread, artichoke flatbread, wagyu beef brochetts, BERENJENAS, and much more!
All of the food is wonderful. There are some things I wouldnt pick off the menu because i wasnt sure but our great server Karri brought out some suggestions and they were the right choices!!Tough call on this one...but can't find it in me to give it a 4. 
Went for lunch on a Sunday which meant the brunch menu.  Asked the waiter for his opinion and he recommended everything on the menu.  Thanks!
I ordered a Dark Habits cocktail for $12.50 which was underwhelming.  
We proceeded to order a variety of dishes ranging from the calamari to the crab stuffed peppers. Everything "from the grill" tasted the same...the garlic. lemon and parsley was the star.  Prices were high for the portions provided (yes...I understand the concept of tapas).  On a positive note, the ricotta pancakes and chirizo con papas were very good.  
In the end, the waiter was less than helpful, the food was tasty  but a bit monotonous and overpriced.  
I would return to try the famous suckling pig but for now i was left a bit disappointed.I came here for the restaurant week specials and I was very surprised to find space at the bar. The bar has a large selection on the menu and you should be able to find something you like.   I started with a mojito that had too much rum and prevented the full flavor of the mint and lime.  My 1st courses were the spicy potatoes and braised peppers. Both were excellent.  The octopus that followed was fantastic and needs to be tried when you visit.  The crab stuffed pepper was excellent also. The pastry for dessert was okay but looked like the better choice of the 2 options.  I was very surprised with the large selection of choices for restaurant week. I shall try to return on my next trip to Olde city.My boyfriend and I had the chef's selection, which I highly recommend. It's comprised of several plates making up several courses, all paired with the chef's recommended wine choices. We had the house cured sardines, wild mushrooms, green salad with asparagus and manchego, a cheese plate (which included pairing cheeses with things like honey, quince and nutella - yum!), flatbread with braised pork shoulder, sizzling shrimp and garlic, steak with goat cheese mousse (my favorite) and so much more. The food was delicious all around; the wine was paired perfectly; and the service was fantastic. I never felt rushed  - in fact, we asked the server if she would wait a few minutes between the courses so we could pace ourselves, and she was lovely about it.
I thought it was a beautiful dining experience - delicious, innovative food, and fantastic service. I might not be able to afford to go to this restaurant often, but it's the kind of place that is actually worth the money when you do go.I really wanted to like this place. Granted, I came for happy hour which isn't a full reflection of all the restaurant's offerings, but I generally do like to test out a restaurant's pros and cons before committing to spending my hard earned $$$ on dinner. Anyways, we came and they told us that if we couldn't find seats at the bar (she was also a bit dismissive and rude), then we couldn't engage in happy hour, this was annoying because when we walked into the bar area, we saw a few empty high tops that other people were sitting at and clearly were engaging in happy hour there, so not sure why the girl at the front told us we could only grab seats at the bar. My friend went back and told another girl that there were no seats at the bar, and she checked her computer and said no problem, she can seat us at a shared high top. I'm really not sure why they couldn't have done that from the beginning, and why we had to deal with another hostess's attitude. Anyways, we got seated, and began to order (I also should say that all of the service after the initial hostess was great, our waitress was very sweet and efficient). I ordered the aged manchego montadito, the pan con tomate, the salpicon de mariscos, and the patatas bravas. Omfg ew. The best thing out of all of these was the aged manchego, and even then the bread stiff and hard. The pan con tomate tasted very metallic, as if they had spooned it out of a metal tin. The patatas braves had some type of sauce on them that was just completely gross. It tasted like paprika on overkill, and I like paprika man. These were all bad, but the absolute worst of it, and the reason I will never come back is the octopus. Omg, I love octopus and they honestly cooked it well, it wasn't over cooked, it was pretty tender, but the sauce was disgusting. It genuinely tasted as if they had spooned cold chef boyardee on top of the octopus. 
I was done after that. We paid the check and just left, and I can honestly say I will never be back.
Yuck, man.Had reservations for 8:00 and was seated promptly however we waited about 8-10 mins before someone walked by and offered us water. Around the 15 min. mark, we began to wonder who our waiter/waitress was and it turned out to be the woman who offered us the water. She had not introduced herself. Once she took our orders, she was more attentive to our table. We had the garlic shrimp, crab stuffed peppers and lobster paella. Each dish was simply divine. Additionally we ordered one round of drinks and dessert.Came here last Thursday for restaurant week.  Good for drinks.  The tapas were savory and very flavorful.  Recommend bringing a few people so that you can share the dishes among the party and try a wider variety of the menu.  Although the portions on most items were okay in size, I thought the pepper stuffed with crab meat was a little chancy.  We did not care for the desserts that were offered.  One was completely sour, which is why I could not give this restaurant five stars.  So come for the drinks and tapas but skip dessert.Food:  
If I ever go back here it will be for the Chicken Paella.  It was the best thing on the menu but it was huge.  We ordered a bunch of smaller tapas style items before hand and could barely finish this.  Not complaining it was great the next day - just saying.  A lot of people I know have talked up this restaurant so much that my expectations were that I would be blown away.  I wasn't blown away but it was good.  I think the menu could use a revamp personally.  
Service:
Our waiter was really nice.  The service was great.
Ambiance:  The decor is beautiful.  I especially loved the lighting.  We were seated at a table for two along the wall farthest from the bar.  I have to admit, I was surprised by how small the dinning room was - it was a little cramped where we were while on the other side (with what I'll call the bench picnic table) has ample amount of extra space all around it.  The food and waiters all come through a little narrow passage way surrounded by people seating and eating.  It probably could be laid out better to accommodate more people.I have yet to eat at a Garces restaurant that was "not" good - expensive, yes, but at least I am leaving feeling like that it was well worth it.
The goods: cured meats and cheeses (loved the aged manchego with truffled lavender honey), ham croquettes, shortrib flatbread, chicken breast w/truffles and fried egg (you really can't go wrong if you put an egg on top of something). The sangra is also great!
The oks: roasted peppers/eggplant, chorizo, grilled scallops, desserts
One huge ding - we had a party of 8 but had made a reservation nearly a month in advance to plan ahead for Restaurant Week. We ended up waiting nearly 40 minutes for our table, which was pretty ridiculous for a Tuesday night. They were nice enough to provide complimentary cured meats/cheese but I highly highly recommend making resos for this place. 
Also - it's probably better to come here with a group so that you can try more dishes. I think being able to try multiple dishes def makes the experience better - plus, the portions are decent sizes.Went there on a Sunday night. The atmosphere was cozy and great for a date. Food and cocktails were amazing- and holy crap, that charcuterie! This is definitely a winner.What can I say about Amada. One of the best Spanish tapas restaurants I have ever been to. 
I went with my sister, wife and aunt last night. We ordered about 12 plates. Every single plate was wonderful. To be honest, everything on the menu is great, so my recommendation is to try everything at least once.  The flavors bursting from every dish cannot be matched. 
The service was also great. We had a reservation for 8:30 pm. We were seated within minutes. Our server was very nice and well versed on the menu.
Amada is pricy depending on what you order so be prepared to spend some money but the dinner is worth it in my book.
The spiced Sangria is a must try!this place is FANTASTIC. sit in the old city , i love the setting. great food , great service, and the atmosphere was beautiful. overall great place to get take your significant other.The price kind of high but well worth it.My wife and I went there for their soup and salad or sandwich lunch special. The food was very good, but service atrocious. We had to ask for our beverages several times. Food was slow in coming. But worst of all, the check was delivered in a leatherette holder smeared with grease and chunks of someone else's food. After taking our credit card it was returned in the same holder with the same garbage still smeared on it. We left with no appetite to return.The idea behind tapas is pretty insane(good or bad I haven't decided yet) you get very small portions for crazy amounts of moolah but somehow they're always delicious and in a weird way you're actually full.
The manchego cheese plate with lavender honey is the dish to get! I would go back just for that but the prices are the only thing that steer me away.
The decor is unique and they have high tables for a more casual feel. It was a good girls date and I may consider coming back for a round two if Im in the area!Great girls night out! Red sangria was delicious - we had to wait for our reservation but luckily were not in a rush. All of our tapas were delicious and our waiter was helpful with recommendations.Went to dinner last night with the hubby at Amada. It was our second time there. The food was fantastic- we shared a variety of tapas including the patatas, the empanadas, the almejas, and shrimp & chorizo flatbread. My favorite was the flat bread- the flavor combination was out of this world. We did not have any reservations and were very lucky to be seated right away at a communal high top table by the bar (eating at high top bar tables is actually my preference). Our only complaint was that although our waitress was lovely the service at the end of the meal was very slow. We waited about 30 minutes after eating our last meal to be given our check. Other than that the service was great. The host and hostess were very nice as well . I would definitely  return!Amada will literally blow your socks off. Hands down one of my top 5 in Philly. Everything here is absolutely incredible. Aged manchego with truffle lavender honey? I die. I'm salivating just thinking about it. Seriously, just go. Close your eyes and point to something on the menu... doesn't matter what it is. It will be phenomenal. Service is top notch, decor is classy and not gaudy. I love everything about it.How does JG do it?
All of his places have great food and stellar service.
Amada is no exception and is one of our favorite places to go.
Highly recommended and go hungry, cause your going to want to order everything...and some things twice!Consistently exceptional food and service. For the meal quality, pretty fair prices. 5-6 tapas is enough per 2 people.I honestly had high expectations going into dinner. We had over 7 different dishes and they all were too salty, undercooked and/or VERY small portions. I wish I had better things to say about this restaurant but I dont. Definitely wont be returning back. Save your $$$/time and go somewhere else.Decided to make our anniversary dinner our first Garces experience as well. I picked Amada because of the recommended location and romantic ambiance. The place is pretty packed on a Saturday night so reservations would be a suggestion. We got there a bit earlier than our reservation and decided to grab a drink at the bar an greeted by a very attentive staff. Your everyday drinks are well made and strong. Their specialty drinks are a must try. Even though they are a bit pricey, the taste and potency are worth the $12+ you pay. I do think they need to make the bar area a bit more bright as I literally saw a guy holding a mini flashlight just to look over the menu. Front dining area is where you want to be seated for people watching and if you are with a more lively crowd, but we were seated in the back where it is a bit more intimate. The menu is a one-pager but it can be a little daunting trying to figure out what to order and how much. They recommend about 3 plates per person which seemed about right. Even though they are small plates, you will start feeling full towards the end of your meal as most plates consist of bread, protein or cheese. The standouts items were the bacon wrapped dates and the pork flatbread. The disappointments were the filet which tasted more like a cheap cut of meat (esp. for $19) and the goat cheese dip which reminded me of Stouffer's lasagna. Service was attentive and happy with the experience, but not to the point that I would venture back into the city to try it out again.Food: Some dishes are great!  Some dishes were a little salty, and the olives were soaked in too much vinegar. 
Service: well, if the food, aside from the super tart olives, was good and still they get 3stars you can guess.
What gives!? The waiter was an idiot, duh I play football with the chef? Excuse me? Or erasing the CID on my credit card? He must have liked my friend or something. He also recommended the seasonal mushrooms.. hello, is freaking the middle of winter! I've hunted mushrooms, and there ain't any nowadays. Also, the restaurant was freezing! I mean really chilly, and then I had to wait outside for the vale myself... it's subzero and u send your customers into the cold to stand and freeze?? Sorry, I hope Iron Chef learns out to keep the wait staff etc in line the same way he keeps his kitchen staff. I'm never going here again!The circumstances under which I went here were a little unique--I was meeting my Californian pen pal of 15 years for the first time! (For serious! We started writing when I was in 4th grade and haven't stopped since, and last year was the first time I ever met her.) Her fiance had suggested Amada, since he had been before, and what a great choice. We ended up going around 4 PM so we didn't eat a whole lot, but we got a few different plates. It was SO good. After waiting at the bar for a bit for a table, we got seated. The restaurant has a cool vibe, and the staff was friendly. 
But now for the best part: BACON WRAPPED DATES. I barely knew what dates were when we ordered this, and I'm still not really sure. It doesn't matter, though. They're amazing. AH-MAZ-ING. 
So now that I've finally written this review, I'm excited to go back and get a full meal there. I have a feeling my next update will be 5 stars for Amada.Ambiance was great, but unfortunately the food wasn't as good as the environment nor the service. The two servers were amazing! The portions of food were too small and the stuffed potatoes were lack luster. Oh and the sangria wasn't that great either. I hate to sound like a negative Nancy, but it's just my opinion. There's a possibility I'll be back just no time soonAmada was my husband's favorite restaurant  in Philly; we used to go there every month for fabulous food at not so pricky prices, till about a year ago when they started dipping their standards. We still dine in about twice a year (my husband just can't stop coming), but the old magic is somewhere lost. Nevertheless, Amada still is one of the better restaurants in Philly!
Today we came for the weekend brunch for the first time ever. And the food was decent but lacked the midas touch. The sangrias though were as good as ever. It was a full house, so much do that they ran out of desserts. Overall it still holds a little space in Philly's culinary scene, and if you love spanish tapas, this is not a place to be missed!Best restaurant in Philly and we've tried so many.  Zane and Sasha are the best bartenders.  They offer great food suggestions and drinks are perfect.  Try the bean and ham stew, the scallops and the flatbreads.  Quick service, great presentation and delicious food.  Wait...did I tell you the staff, all of them, are awesome??  They are helpful, kind and quick.  They'll check your coat and get you anything you need.  They even charged my phone for me!Really enjoyed all the tapas dishes.  Maybe I'm a little skewed because I was celebrating my daughter's birthday with her??  EnjoyAbsolutely fantastic
Five stars
The atmosphere is bustling, the reservation was made weeks before.
The sangria was on point.
Was still ordering 2hrs lasted when the manager asked us to move to the bar because of the backup of reservations.
He offered to buy the next sangrias.
Definite returnWhat an awesome place! Had a really large group for dinner and it was wonderful! 
The food is fantastic. Manchego with honey and apples was definitely the crowd favorite. Salad was absolutely delicious. Patatas bravas had the cutest presentation. Paella was really good too.
Overall, great experience. Service was on point, ambiance was great, there is happy hour...what's not to like!Although the food does have a some slight fusion influences, the Spanish heart shines! It feels like being there.I went here with a large group of people. They accommodated us with a large room in the back of the restaurant which was very convenient. The roasted cauliflower and wild mushrooms were amazing. I also got the cheese plate and the asparagus which were really good and served to share. The service was incredible. I'd definitely go back again!This place is pricy.  Potato bravos are served in tiny portions during dinner time. We had to wait for the cheese plate for 20 min though we asked to get it ASAP, so we could go pay parking on time. Sangria is good, but tapas are nothing special. The tables are narrow and close to each other. They also didn't have chocolate desert available which added to my disappointment. I guess I had to lower my expectations before I entered the restaurant or it was just nit the best evening to dine.ive been to many spanish/tapas restaurants in major metropolitan cities (sf, ny, dc, and barcelona), so when someone suggested amada, i was stoked! but i really didn't think it lived up to the hype. the food is good and the place is gorgeous, but it wasn't all that memorable for me. i just remember leaving feeling like the food was really salty and the sangria was too sweet.  needless to say, i was underwhelmed. It was strictly a 3 star event. 
however, i came back here for the suckling pig meal with my best yelper grace s and co. this time around, the food was  MUCH BETTER. the sides were very yummy and complimented the main course (the pig) beautifully!  the pig came out still piping hot and the server carved the pig nicely. definitely come here for the suckling pig meal! +1, upgrading to 4 stars based on this experience.Simply put, this is the best restaurant in Philadelphia.  
For so long Philadelphia had been plagued by Stephen Starr and BYOBs, who would have thought that Chef Garces could have emerged from one of Starr's food chop shops (Alma De Cuba) to become this city's culinary savior.
The atmosphere is makes you believe that you are entering a little slice of rustic Spain...stone floors, a dark wood bar, cured meat hanging in an open kitchen, and candle lighting over scrubbed wood tables.  The closeness of the tables doesn't just encourage, but demands that you discuss your meal with neighbors, and often hidden gems that I would not normally consider have been recommended and savored.
The cuisine is traditional, small plate Spanish fare: lamb chops, artisanal cheeses and charcuterie, fresh seafood, and perfectly cooked meats.  Not to miss dishes include the Spanish octopus (one of Garces' specialities), lamb meatballs with manchego, duck confit flatbread, and the grilled lamb chops.  Dessert should always include the saffron rice pudding, another of Chef Garces' specialties.
For first-timers, the menu can be a bit overwhelming, so I definitely recommend the chef's tasting.  Ranging for $45-$65/guest, it worth every penny, as you get to experience the full gamut of the chefs' range of skills and flavors.  A wine pairing is a great accompaniment with each course is also a good idea.
The staff is welcoming and helpful, with the waitstaff and bartenders especially knowledgeable with suggestions for both food and drink. 
Amada really is one of the jewels of Philadelphia restaurant scene, so reservations are a must, especially given Chef Garces' recent Iron Chef appointmentAmazing Tapas! The variety of items on the menu is in particularly impressive. Typically tapas places dont' have a lot and I thought it would be overwhelming but it was not.
I had the Temporada Sangria and it was delicious. While it is basically watered down wine it was very tasty.
We ordered 5 items for 2 people:
We ordered the special salad which had watermelon, charcoaled cheese and a dressing. The charcoaled cheese is not for everyone, and it was not for me
ALBÓNDIGAS - This was lamb meatballs with shaved manchego. This was fantastic! the meat was juicy the cheese fit perfectly with the rest of the dish and the quantity was plentiful
ALCACHOFAS Y SETAS - This was the vegetarian flatbread with artichiokes, mushrooms, black truffle and manchego. Delicious.
ESPÁRRAGOS CON TRUFAS - Asparagus, egg and truffles, This was good but had a much milder taste
QUESO DE CABRA - Baked goat cheese with tomato bisque essentially is what this was. I was too full by the time this came out but I did try the sauce and it was delicious. I kind of wish i had saved room for this. 
Overall this place was fantastic! The ambiance, the food and the drink choices are plentiful.the best time to go is on a tuesday afternoon after 1pm, grab a window seat, order enough food to go a few hrs, layback, drink and watch the old city walk by.  kitchen closes but the bar don't during the shift change so if you can make it to happy hour, bonus.We were recommended to this restaurant by a friend, who raved and raved, and we found it to be a wonderful experience. 
We went as a group of 3, and were seated in this awkward end table, with one of us in a serving lane. We had a bright light on our table and it kind of ruined the quiet ambiance.
Our hostesses were wonderful and our server, Elena, was very knowledgeable about the menu. I am a vegetarian and they were able to cater to my diet preferences in the Tasting Menu option ($10 off for vegetarians).
Our cocktails were wonderful and our Sangria (Temporada) was pretty good.
We did a variety of dishes through the Tasting Menu and many were Out of This World good. Like, amazing. Particularly everything with mushrooms. We strongly recommend the flatbread and the verdura (salad) and the mushroom risotto dish they have.
Our biggest complaint was that the portions were huge. We understand that they are trying to combat the "tapas aren't filling" stereotype, but the portions were really too big. I would have preferred to pay a few dollars less and have a bit less food. For example, the chickpea and spinach dish was in a huge soup bowl, and it was in our third course. Unnecessarily large.
Also, even though there were three of us, we only received two desserts. I'm assuming that someone who ate at Amada solo would receive a whole dessert, so why not one dessert per person?"Say whaaa?!" 
That was me when I found out Amada added a happy hour with drink and food specials. Before meeting up with people for dinner, my roommate and I headed over to Amada to take advantage of their happy hour. Their red and white sangrias were only $5 a glass so we went with the white. It was sweet and fruity but had the pleasant addition of a rosemary sprig in there to keep it from being too sweet. (After several sips, the rosemary became too strong and I had to remove it but that's just my personal preference) 
We ordered a few snacks while we sat to keep our hunger at bay until dinner later. We ordered the olives, the spicy potatoes, the ham croquettes, and the tortilla espanola. Each dish was presented beautifully and tasted as great as it looked. My favorite was the ham croquettes. I'll definitely be back for happy hour and I'd love to come back for dinner someday.We just happened upon Amada on October 3, and being fans of Jose Garces, we went in.  After having really bad margarita's at another restaurant, our awesome bartender Julie made us outstanding ones!  Definitely going back for more.  We had the Serrano app and the machego cheese and truffled lavender honey, which we purchased to bring home.  The chorizo was outstanding as well.  Overall outstanding and a place to return to...Tapas, tapas, and more tapas.  Great dining option for a group of folks who enjoy interacting and sharing.  They suggested 3 plates apiece .... around $5-$20 per plate ... so, yeah, it racks up the bill pretty quick.  Genius on their part!
I really liked the garlic shrimp, spicy potatoes, lamb chops, anchovies and olives,  some cheese (can't recall exact name, sorry - but I think they're all pretty good), some white and seasonal rose sangria.  Maple syrup ice cream  - yummy!
I think its overpriced, but it is great food for sure.So, I bashed the other Garces places I hit during my recent trip but this place blew me away.  We had a two hour foodgasm.
Pulpo was amazing and as good as anything I've eaten in Spain.  We had the grilled lamb (like eating perfection on a stick!), garlic shrimp and pork shoulder.  The only disapointment was the Chipirones.  I was expecting the traditional presentation but they informed me they changed it after we fussy americans weren't ordering it.
The service was outstanding and our waiter was thoroughly versed on the menu.  An excellent experience.one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia!!
amazing cheese platter, garlic shrimp....basically you can't go wrong with anything on the menu
oh and did I mention the amazing sangria and other cocktailsReally disappointing. We got the tasting menu. The food was only OK. Nothing special at all. Unfortunately the service was worse. It was the type of service you expect at a take our restaurant. Our sever and the bus lady had bad attitudes and seemed bothered to serve us. I can't even count how many times we ran out of water and had to wait and try to flag someone down to refill us. This is not what I was expecting from a restaurant at this price point. The manager would be wise to fire all of the current staff and start over. I overheard the table next to us also talking about how bad the service was.Amada is amazing, all around. And it's my favorite place in Old City by far.
I've been to Amada for brunch and happy hour. Four of us shared everything on the brunch menu and it was all delicious. The happy hour menu is served at the bar. I would recommend ordering a few of the happy hour items, but also ordering some regular items from the dinner menu. The special items are honestly really tiny, just a bite or two, which is great for trying a bunch of different things but not so great if you're hungry.
I love both the red and white sangria too!Definitely a place for tasty bites and a very ambient atmosphere for a date. See you again soon, Amada!Excellent menu choices, and each we shared was a winner. Sampler of 3 cheeses, each with either honey, fruit or chocolate-nut spread. Simple green salad that was simply delicious. Scallops, lamb chops, flatbread, asparagus all extremely well prepared and presented. Good wines and guidance. Pleasant service.This is a lovely establishment. Hip part of town, hip decor and hip all around. Lots of staff keeping busy and tending to our needs. So funny, the place is currently packed, but we arrived before the rush to an empty place and the maitre d' asked if we had a reservation as if he would turn us away if not. No worries, though; we get it.  The food is really good which is great since the dark ambience puts our tummies in the hands of the chef. Overall, we are pleased and would definitely recommend others trying it out as well.Went to Amada on a date with the wife.  The decor and atmosphere were great.  We had an early reservation 6 p.m. and was nice because we had pretty much the entire room to ourselves, and added to the romance.  (Trust me, the place had filled to full capacity midway through our meal, reservations here are a must and this was a weeknight).  We deiced to get the mixed cheese plate to start.  If anyone is ordering a cheese plate I would recommend the aged manchego with truffled lavender honey.  The honey and cheese were simply amazing.  Also ordered the garratxa (w/ garlic dulce de leche, a unique twist and also fantastic) and the la peral.    
This place has all sorts of tapas- traditional, salads, flatbreads veggies and meats.  We ordered 6 plates between the two of us which were more than enough.  
We ordered the spicy potatoes with a paprika aioli which were cooked perfectly and had awesome flavor.  
The asparagus with poached egg and truffles also had nice flavor and the egg was a nice addition.  
The calamari vermicelli with scallops and sweet onion cream sauce.  I am normally not a calamari or cream sauce fan but there was so much flavor in the sauce that I ignored my previous dislikes.  
Chicken with egg and fingerling potatoes- the potatoes were cooked perfectly and the sauce had a lot of flavor.  
The roast pork with orange and white beans was a generous portion for a tapas dish- it was almost impossible to eat after all the other dishes.  The pork was awesome, I just wished there was more citrus on the dish.  
We were so impressed with dessert that we both ordered our own dish.  I got the lemon torta with blueberry ice cream.  The ice cream was great and the lemon thyme honey was amazing.  My wife ordered the fig and goat cheese dessert which she loved.  
The service was amazing, the servers were constantly filling our water. I also loved the way in which they served the plates.  I've been to tapas places where they are all served at once making it difficult for one to enjoy all the dishes at the same time.  Here, they served dishes one at a time and not until you were almost finished the prior one.  Never once did I feel rushed in this place which is always packed full.  
Definite a must for anyone looking to dine in Old City.Octopus.  Please get it.  Im giving 5 stars just for this. There was also a salad wrapped in prosciutto that bears mention.  Overall though, Im excited to go back.After seeing Jose Garces on Iron Chef America recently, I was psyched to visit Philly for a business trip this week.  Amada was not around when I lived in Philly, so it was new to me, and I was very impressed with the first visit.  The menu looks intimidating at first with many categories - chaucuterie and cheese, traditional tapas, salads, grilled items, and cosas or flatbread.  A good strategy is to try something from each category.  We started with chaucuterie and ordered a large plate of lomo, which was a generous portion for $9.  The ensalada de jamon was another winner -  a fig and cabrales cheese salad wrapped in serrano ham, which was very flavorful and also generous in portion.  For some reason, some of the traditional tapas fell short, like the gambas al ajillo, which was not very flavorful.  But the octopus with potato was incredibly flavorful and tender.  Also not to be missed are the cocas (flatbread) and the version we liked best included duck confit, cabrales, Serrano ham and a date glaze.  Like the salad, just an incredible combination of flavors.  We somehow managed to save room for dessert, and the special was an item that the chef prepared on Iron Chef America, which included small cubes of various melon glazed with sugar (like crème burlee) accompanied by crème fraiche ice cream, which was a lighter and perfect ending to a glorious meal.  Overall, Amada is refreshing new take on an old formula with many surprises.  Highly recommended!what a shame- wine was excellent as well as the bar service.
Food would have been delicious if it wasn't incredibly salty.
Might as well have been licking a salt block.Wow. What a great find for us. Everything well prepared and delicious.  Service very good and the sangria's were tasty. Don't forget the garlic shrimp or artichokes with Parmesan cheese.  Just love it.Food is very reasonably priced - however, I've gone twice expecting more from the experience and food. Service was sub par both times - the food is okay, but nothing special. Good for sharing small plates to try a good amount of the menu. Although, The sangria they make is AMAZING. Valet parking available. I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here again though.3 of us ordered the chef's tasting menu - it seemed like enough for 5.  Everything was delicious, great variety of veggie options, meat, and seafood, and they overheard it was my birthday and came out with a birthday dessert complete with a candle.  The seasonal sangria was excellent as well.  Ambiance was lovely and the wait staff highly attentive and friendly.  I highly recommend this restaurant and will come back again.If you want dark, small atmosphere, this is the place. If you want rude, unattentive, snobby managers and bartenders, make a reservation now. We had eaten at their sister property Tinto and it was fabulous. The service was amazing, the food was good. We called on our way over and there was a wait, so we headed to the bar. The bartender took a little over 5 minutes to even look our way and we were SITTING at the bar. My family received their drinks before I did, which was a martini. Waiting another 5 minutes, I finally asked and the rude, Irish bartender said he didn't have any glasses. He never offered me something else OR let me know that was the hold up. He had already mixed the martini, so when he finally got a glass it was so watered down, I had to ask for another one in a rock glass. He then removed the menus that were in front of us for other customers without even asking if we wanted to eat. Not to mention we were actually looking at it. My brother is a chef, my ex-finance is a restaurant manager, and I work in the hospitality world, so we know what good service is and how managers, especially should act towards their patrons. One of the absolute worst experiences in service I have ever had. However, the food was amazing. So, be prepared to love the food, but hate the service. Go to Tinto instead.I went here for restaurant week with a friend and we got to sit at chef's table...super score!  we got to pick from their prixe fixe menu, but the options were vast, all of the food that came to our table was delicious, the waitstaff was patient and friendly, service was pretty quick, and we got to watch the chefs in action, which was awesome!  i would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who likes good food!Truly enjoyed everything I had, from the cocktails to the pizzetta...except for the chickpea dish, in which the chickpeas weren't cooked all the way through.
http://thetrufflehoney.blogspot.com/2011/03/restaurants-amada.htmlCame here for brunch over the Memorial Day weekend.  Ate here for dinner the previous year and was really impressed with it, so maybe my expectations were high.  Granted, the brunch menu isn't as large as the dinner menu, but the brunch menu looked pretty good.  We ordered the Chorizo con Pappas, Revuelto, Amada's Omelet, Croquetas de Jamon, skirt steak and scallops. The best dish was the scallops and the omelet.  The rest of the entrees looked really good, but I don't know who the chef was but they are really heavy handed with the salt.  I think I ate enough sodium for the rest of the week.   I wish they could taste it before they send the dish out.I love Amada for the simple fact that the tapas(small plates) allow people like me to overeat without making it apparent that overeating is actually in occurance. 
For dinner, the server suggested that my boyfriend and I order a total of 6 tapas for us to share. Being stubborn and on the brink of starvation, we ordered seven (not including dessert). I can honestly say that everything was tasty, some dishes even being "lick the plate" worthy. 
Here's the breakdown of what we ordered:
pulpo a la gallega-little pieces of octopus with sliced potato on the side. Had a delicious smokey flavor to it, similar to bacon.
gambas al a jillo-garlic shrimp (seasoned with the right amount of garlic)that comes with bread slices. 
albondigas-lamb meat balls in a minblowing brown sauce of some kind. I don't know whats in it, but I don't care.
oysters-three fresh oysters presented in white spoons with a strawberry merinade.
costillas de ternera-strips of beef on flatbread topped with horseradish, parmesan, and bacon. This is the perfect combination of salty and sweet in one bite. I will definately be trying the other shortbreads in the future. 
pernil asado-pork with white beans. Was weary to order this, because some restaurants really dry out their pork, but this was just right.
cordero relleno-lamb chops stuffed with goat cheese. Wow...so tender! I can't stop thinking about this dish. 
esparragos con trufas-asparagus, truffles and poached egg. If you choose any of the vegetarian options, pick this one. 
for dessert we ordered a flourless chocolate cake. So light, and not to rich. A chocolate lovers dream, basically.
Amada gets four stars from me for  because although the food was everyhing I expected and more, the service definately fell short. I felt as if my meal was being rushed because they served each tapas pretty much back to back. Also, my waitor was pretty stoic...not in a cool mysterious way, but in a creepy offputting way. Will definately be back regardless.Love you Jose Garces!This place is one of my favorites in the city.  everything here is a must try, if u like a tapas restaurant this is the place to go, the food is delicious and a great atmosphere to go out with friends.  perfect place to go with a large group and try their tasting menu, if u do pre-order the pig, it is awesome.Came here on a Saturday night and it was packed. Decor was nice, nothing extremely special. Lights were dimmed for a romantic ambiance. I'd order slightly more food than you think - the tapas portion here are smaller than the average tapa plates I've had. 
For three, we ordered:
Clams & chorizo - DELICIOUS SAUCE! Favorite dish of the night. But not enough clams :(
Octopus - also delicious. Served spicy with potatoes. 
Wagyu beef - cooked medium rare served on 3 skewers. Pretty good. 
Ham salad - spinach salad wrapped with LOTS of prosciutto with gorgonzola and figs. Must get!
Mussels - off the shell, served almost like a ceviche style, with slices of bread. The mussels were soo tender. Must get too!
Scallops -  meh. Pretty flavorless. 
All in all, food is delicious!Came here the first couple months it was open and I was blown away.
Came back again a few weeks ago, still the same great service, quality ingredients, and fantastic ambiance.
There's nothing that I can say that hasn't been said. But I totally recommend ordering as you go, a few plates at a time, not all at once. Most plates don't take too long to come out anyway, it gives you the opportunity to feel out what would work next. Mix it up, don't be afraid to try something you've never had before, like the fried baby squid, they do it well and you should trust your chef. If you are bold, avoid the Chef's selection, it's good but it's more fun to pick yourself (or have people at your table pick) if you have some problems, ask your server, they always have great recommendations.
Standouts:
Serrano Ham
Lomo Embuchado
Pulpa A La Gallega
Patatas Bravas
Lamb Meatballs
For 4 people we ordered, 12 plates, 2 desserts, 4 glasses of wine, 4 cocktails, 1 port, 2 sambuca, 2 espressos, it came out to about $225 without tip. Not bad considering we went to Continental (right before), had 2 apps, 6 drinks and it was $110.
Book early, it's hard to get a reservation at a reasonable time, don't think you are getting a 7:30 Saturday seat for 4, 1 week in advance. Love this placeGreat if you love traditional Spanish tapas. Service was a rad slow though, so we were hungry for most of the meal (the reason I'm not a tapas fan). Worth a try though. The atmosphere is really romanticTop notch tapas place. Its a beautiful restaurant inside, classy environment
Was a party of three so this was our choices for the evening
Chickpeas and spinach- great flavor texture. And good starter
Wagyu beef brochettes- f-in fantastic. So tender melt in your mouth flavor. My fav of the evening. 
Batiles con almedras- bacon wrapped dates. These may not be for everyone , myself includes but i was a definite fan. Just great contrast in flavors. Sweet with the saltiness of the bacon.
Thumbs up
Chorizo- kind of standard issued chorizo but good non the less. I tend to venture off into the unknown more often so this was good but nothing i havent heard before
Pernil asado- now this was a damn flavor explosion. Wow wow. I can still taste it. The pork has this great crispy skin on top and the fattiness below it of the pork. Goood lordd. What a way to end the meal. Pure joy
Also we had pitcher of white sangria, was delicious , refreshing and strong!
Overall great place indeed. If tapas is an option. Highly enjoyable dining experienceThe most amazing tasting menu I have ever had. Service was great; server was very knowledgable and seemed genuinely passionate about the food and wine. I can't believe I have been in the area for years and haven't gotten there yet! I will be returning as much as my budget allows!Truly stellar restaurant! Order the aged manchego and the chicken brochettes! The roasted peppers are amazing and vegetarian.
It is definitely pricy but go for restaurant week and split dishes to get a taste of all the different and amazing things served there. I heard from a friend that the servings were too small to get a meal out of the restaurant week options. It turned out this was because she ordered particular dishes (such as the cheeses) which are quite small. Order a variety of things, including the spinach chickpea dish or something else with more substance.