Good food, poorly designed interior with flat screen tv's showing weird photos. They should strip it down and focus on the food and the setting.Quite disappointing. I got sick and throw up everything I had right after eating dinner here. And one more thing we didn't like, the guy there was trying to make us order appetizers when we repeatedly said no! We tried hummus which too liquid. We also tried the grilled meats that came with rice and salad as side. I got sick from it.I haven't had a good falafel since leaving Chicago 10 years ago. Finally....a GREAT falafel in Philadelphia! All of the other traditional food was excellent as well & be sure to save room for dessert. Very nice atmosphere, reasonable prices, and good service.Love this place! The food is excellent and the delivery is fast. I've had the chicken kabobs and the salmon, both were great. They gave us a free baklava which was also delicious!The food is excellent, fresh, homemade.  Service is friendly and makes you welcome.  Convenient to get to and on the way to center city.  Come and have a great meal and BYOB. I will definitely return.Love this place but the hours are weird. Sometimes they aren't even open at all.Best hummus and falafel in town! This is my first time at Amalias and I loved everything. We ordered falafel entrees, hummus and baba ganoush! Highly recommend this place!Had a terrific meal last night. Mixed grill, chicken skewers, wonderful hummus, and the best. baklava. EVER. Legit. The restaurant is BYO.  Loved the decor, make you feel like you were not in South Philly. Other patrons were using the hookah, will do that the next time we go.Hidden gem!!! We got delivery; mezze sampler and a kafta kebab entree. This was easily the best takeout either of us has ever had. Delivery was FAST, ingredients were fresh, authentic and clearly homemade. I recommend the falafel, hummus (obvi), scented bazmati rice, pickled veg. and labni. And, get the tea!I am visiting from NYC. I had heard about Amalia's Cafe and came here with a friend. The food is spectacular clearly prepared and cooked to perfection. One of the best Middle Eastern Restaurants I have been to. I highly recommend this restaurant.We had a wonderful evening at Amalia's. Very attentive service. Our waiter was lovely. The pace was very relaxed. Food was great. Really excellent falafel. We spoke with the chef at the end of the meal and he the whole staff was kind and interested.Ordered delivery and it was terrible.  Food was cold, not accurate to description and I was given a generic cola (we paid $3.50 to add fries and a soda).  Very disappointing.Wow... The hummus was amazing, lamb kabob cooked to perfection, baklava was delicious, and ginger tea was a perfect addition to an outstanding meal.  I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone that loves great Mediterranean food - owner is super cool, too!This is the perfect spot for really delicious food and a comfortable atmosphere. The staff is super friendly.  Also, it's an excellent value. I recommend the bronzino fish, falafel, the baklava and the tiramisu....Can't be beat in South Philly!This place is amazing! Great food, great atmosphere, great people! If you are willing to drive to South Philly, I promise you will not be disappointed. The staff are friendly and quick and the quality of food is to die for! Highly recommend!Kids at the Coldplay concert. My wife and I looked for a place to eat
Speak about luck. We ended up at Amalia's 
Words can't express how good everything was
From the time you walk into the restaurant you feel like you just took a 16 hr flight and landed in a wonderful land where food is homemade and delicious!!!! Appetizers, entrees... You name it. Presentation is divine and again all food is homemade and so delicious...
The service is warm, friendly, and quick!My wife ( a picky eater to say the least) cannot stop saying how much she loved EVERYTHING !!
We will definitely be back... And if YOU like good food you should come in ...This place is the best kept secret. Amazing Middle Eastern food--one of the best in the city. I love their chill vibe and hookah flavors. The owners are sweet and very interesting to talk to. I am having my next birthday party here. I usually get the veggie platter with extra falafel. The fattoush salad is heavenly.I found this place on yelp. My wife and I are big fans of middle eastern food and this place was as good as it gets. We had humus. grape leaves bronzino and mixed grill and everything was perfect. They have been open for less than a year so we have to get the word out. Only problem is the location could be better but you don't eat an address. Also the price point is great. So in essence you won't find a better M-E meal in the city( including the ones in center city). Please give a try...you won't be disappointed!Love the food, but were unpleasantly surprised when an extra $9 showed up on our bill for our 3 wine glasses. Never been to a BYOB that charges for glasses. Definitely going to discourage us from frequenting there as much as we would have.First time ordering from here. Took a while to get delivered but the driver (also the cook- guess something happened with the driver) apologized profusely and luckily the chicken schnitzel platter I ordered was pretty darn awesome. Came with a tomato cucumber salad and rice. I will order from there again.Wow...... Friends said how good the food was here and.....they are sooooo right! Great tea, great mixed grill, great everything. We will be back again and again and ...........I ordered from Amalia's tonight from grubhub. Being a vegetarian, I got the falafel platter.
The cons: Overall, it was pretty bland. The falafel was a bit dry and there wasn't enough sauce with it to remedy that. I added hot sauce to spice things up and that helped, but I wasn't satisfied with the meal the way it came. Also the pita was blah. I understand pitas aren't supposed to be bursting with flavor, but it was kind of stale and I've definitely had better pita bread. I think even the pita bread in my refrigerator from Acme might be better than this one was.
The pros: Fast delivery and the food was pretty cheap. The rice was fairly good and the meal was filling so no complaints there. Also the tomato/onion/cucumber side was decent.
Takeaway: I'd go for a $5 falafel platter off a food truck over this if I was given the option. Plus the food truck always has ample sauce (including hot!) so I don't have to add my own. This is really a 2.5 star review and not a 3, but I'm rounding up.This place is a dream! 
As you take a puff from the tasty hookah, and look around at the gorgeous lanterns on the ceiling, you immediately forget you're in South Philly. And then as the delicious food arrives, you get carried away to a peaceful, magical, foreign land. 
A lot of people order take-out from this place - but you're missing out on the full experience if you don't go directly to Amalia's and enjoy the food there. 
The owner is a super cool, chill guy. No excessive annoying niceness- just his knowledge of the culture helps create a perfect experience. Do yourself a favor and visit this gem of South Philly on a week night! Enjoy!
I will certainly be back again and again and tell all my friends about it!Some of the best food I have EVER had. I've been to Israel a handful of times and this is as authentic as it gets. The falafel is excellent - great flavor, moist, and with very little oil. I would also recommend the mixed meat kabobs, hummus, baba ganoush, and baklava. The tea is heavenly too.Loved this place.
Had a delicious dinner there. Got a bunch of salads to start and fresh falafel everything was made to order and was tasty. Hummus was top notch, as well as the babaganoush.
We had different kebabs, chicken, lamb and beef. Everything was very tender and perfectly cooked. We also ordered a whole grilled Bronzino which was some of the best grilled fish I ever had, it came with a lemon herb sauce on the side that was very flavorful.
As full as we were the owner insisted we try the tiramisu, saying he made it himself. We were both a little skeptic but we gave in. Boy were we happy, my friend thought it was the best one he had in Philly, I loved it too. We had a pot of hot mint tea with desert which helped the food settle...
I was in a very happy place at the end of dinner.
If you like authentic Mediterranean food you have to try this place.This is a great spot.While waiting for a colleague out front, David brought me ginger tea, was very accommodating.  Their falafel sandwich (actually more like a wrap) may be the best I've ever had. I think the secret is slivers of pickeled turnip in the fallafel wrap. The humus appetizer was fantastic and a large portion. If u like falafel, must try Amaliasthis place is as good as it gets regarding middle eastern food. If you want to spend a lot of money and get Isreali food that 's not quiet as good you should go to that other place. But if you're a foodie and not a snub this place can't be beat.Everything on the menu is wonderful.I've read in yelp about places with good food and poor service well that's not the case here. Service is great friendly and prompt.If there were 6 stars I would give them that.I might add I was not paid or given anything to write this review.And I don't have a server in my house so I can't change this e-mail!! Don't forget it's BYOB/We have been going to Amalia's cafe for over two years but much to our pleasant surprise the food got even better.  I spoke with the owner and he said he added fresh mint to the fattoush (pita) salad.  I could have eaten three of them  but would not have had room for the best branzino I ever had.  Great food, great service, good prices, who could ask for more?  Besides, I like to give my business to such  friendly people.My boyfriend and I have gotten take-out and eaten at this place and we LOVE IT! We are both huge fans of middle eastern cuisine and have been very impressed with Amalia's!
The first time, we tried the mixed grill platters to go-- one chicken and one lamb. It is a huge portion, served with rice, hummus, a cucumber/tomato salad and fresh pita. I was especially impressed with the preparation of all of the meat. I have been on a huge lamb kick lately and I was very happy with the flavor. The rice was great, I couldn't stop eating it even after I was full!!
Our next Amalia's adventure took place in the restaurant. A great thing about this place is the parking right outside. Parking around Broad and Passyunk can get crazy on the street, but there are metered spots right out front which is super convenient. Amalia's is a BYO, so we were able to bring a bottle of wine. They also have hookahs available. We had a mint flavored hookah and enjoyed our wine while waiting for our food. 
The service was great. Our waitress was wonderful...very sweet and took great care of us, everything came out timely and she got us everything we needed. We also met the owner while we were there and he made sure we were comfortable and satisfied with our food. You gotta love places where you can tell how much they care about the enjoyment you get from your meal!
Now, I am a huge baba ganoush critic. I order it every single time it is on the menu and I loved it here. They serve it with a little fruity glaze on top...I have to admit I was a little skeptical at first, but loved it! The falafel was also great, very crisp and flavorful!
We each tried the Branzino, which turned out to be a great choice! I am not a huge seafood lover and Branzino is the perfect cut of fish for me. Very meaty, but without the overwhelming fish flavor. The seasoning was sweet and savory, perfected with a squeeze of lemon. 
Then, last but certainly not least was the dessert! I couldn't take my eyes off of the baklava the entire time we were there! They had both Walnut and Pistachio Baklava. We went for the pistachio and even though we were completely full from our meal, we scarfed those things down no problem!!
I will definitely be going back to this place!We orded a chicken kabob platter with rice and a salad, and a cheeseburger. Everything taste great! It was fresh and the delivery didn't take long. Only lost a star for not having enough rice in the platter, I thought.Came here today in the afternoon and I gotta say this place is awesome! Great food, good music, amazing flavored hookah and over all cheap. Great place to relax and hang out with your friends.The food is phenomenal! And the service is absolutely five star. One the best experiences I have had in a long time. I have never written a yelp review before but I have never wanted to so much. A south Philadelphia treasure for sure.We were searching for food and I wanted middle eastern and everyone else wanted chicken or pizza. 
I ordered a hookah, the chicken kabobs and a side of fries. The food was a little expensive for what I got but it was good none the less. The hookah was good and the prices on that were good as well. 
There werent a lot of people in here on that day but that gave me the opportunity to have a conversation with the owners about various things. They even let my family bring in food and drinks from the pizza shop next door. That was good looking. 
I would really go back in a minute and tell you to try them as well.,My friend and I were searching for a BYOB Hookah lounge and this one was perfect. While we did not try any food, we enjoyed the ambiance Amalia's provided. The waiter was kind and made sure we had everything we needed. The hookah was a fair price and enjoyable. We would definitely come back.Great food, much effort goes into its preparation, owners are exteremly gracious and hospitableEverything is fresh! My favorites are Tabouleh salad. Humus and pita. Mix grill skewers. Mint lemomade. The bakalavah and tiramasu!!! Great atmosphere and the people who serve us are amazing!The food was delicious, and the service was amazing!  We had stuffed grape leaves, babaghanouj, lamb kabobs and beef kabobs- all great!
Check it out- we'll definitely be back!!Excellent middle eastern Israeli food. Which is my favorite type of food- so I always look for mid-eastern restaurants. This is one of the best here in philly. Everything is freshly home made. Friendly people and excellent service. Hummus is delicious. The Amalia salad- with the herbs, cranberries and almonds is very good. All the meats that they serve are fantastic. The chicken is superb- make it soft, delicious and full of flavor. Even the rice  is very special, full of herbs and flavor. Prices are good. Overall excellent experience- I will be backOh my goodness, from the niceness of the servers to the wonderfulness of the food, this was a great meal.  The hummus was absolutely perfect.  A bit more tahini than most, but in a good way.  Meals come with wonderful salads with a great amount of cilantro and spices.  Great and refreshing grape leaves.
The felafel was perfectly cooked. My wife and I had grilled chicken skewers and a mixed grill, We were very happy with both of them.  We are in Philly for a week and plan to eat here again.I recently went out to dinner at Amalia's and was overall very happy with the meal.  We were brought a nice dish of pickled vegetable and olives to start our meal which tasted superb.  I enjoyed the falafel and house garlic sauce immensely.  They are a great combination.  The menu offers many options for vegan and omnivorous diets alike.  I had a lamb kabob sandwich, the lamb could have been more tender.  However, I was able to taste the chicken kabob (so juicy!) and kaftka as well.  Everything was full flavored and well worth the trip!  Service and pricing is fantastic and it's BYOB as a plus.We just came from eating at Amalia's Cafe.  The food is fresh and delicious.  We started with hummus, baba ghanosh, pita and falafels.  Everything was yummy and well-seasoned.  We then had various kebabs and bronzino, and baklava for dessert.  Very reasonable and fresh.Really delicious! We ordered tilapia and salmon for delivery and everything was hot, fresh and smelled delicious. We enjoyed the flavored rice and the sides. We will definitely be ordering from them again!Everything about this place is amazing. First off, thank you Yelp for helping me find it! Some friends and I stayed in an apartment in South Philly via AirBnB, and wanted a low-key place to eat and hookah on a Friday night. BYOB is another plus!
Our waitress was kind and attentive without being overbearing. We ordered a lemon mint hookah that was out of this world delicious, kind of like the hummus, falafel, grape leaves, and countless other little dishes we ordered throughout the night. 
Has anyone ever read "The Satyricon" or other great books from antiquity? Where men of high ranking come together for a delicious feast that lasts four hours while lounging on velour couches and indulging on copious amounts of spirits? That's what it felt like as we leaned back in our pillow-covered booth, passed around the hookah and pumpkin beer, and indulged on fresh Turkish fare. I highly, highly recommend.Yum! Was super happy to find affordable and really good Middle Eastern food in Philly. Ate there on snowy Valentines Day and it was so delicious with great service. Can't vouch for hookah because I didn't partake.Went there for a birthday dinner. The food was great and the service was awesome. This was my first time here and I would definitely come back!!Amalia's is beautifully decorated and can nicely accommodate small to larger parties. The food was good I had the falafel platter the salad was a little heavy on the dressing, while the falafels were big and flavorful, the rice however was cold, and slightly hard. The hookah was great and so was the service. Definitely will be returning.I can't comment on the food here as we only came in to smoke hookah.  
The hookah experience is fine, nothing stand out, but the all around time there was chill.  The tea we ordered was very good though.  Also, the service was attentive, polite and welcoming.  We were told that the desserts are homemade, but alas we just came from a big dinner and were too full.  BUT, when he brought us the check, he threw in some baklava on the house.  He said he couldn't let us leave without trying something.  It was very good.  
I'll definitely be back for dinner.  I'm honestly not too curious about the food but it's one of those places you want to support.  It's a good addition to the neighborhood and I hope they stick around.Amazing hummus!!! Food was great in general. They also brought us out some traditional (and really delicious) cookies to try because they were toying around with adding them to the menu. I can't wait to go back and try out the hookah next time! Nothing fancy...more cozy and casual but again, great food!The food here is something special!  We have been here twice for dinner and both times it was outstanding.  The mixed grill is especially good.  The chicken is kabob is tender and marinated in special spices.  The kafta may be the best that I've ever had.  All entrees come with a fresh salad of your choice, as well as rice and pita.  The owner gave us some baklava and falafel to try.  Both were outstanding.  The baklava had just been made and dripping with honey.  The falafel was crunchy on the outside with a perfectly spiced center.  The garlic sauce that they serve on the side is a great complement to pretty much everything.  I have also ordered the lamb sandwich and the salmon.  Both were perfectly cooked and served hot.  This is a great place for a BYOB dinner and a much-needed addition to the West Passyunk restaurant scene.  REVIEW UPDATE:  We have been here a few more times and have also ordered delivery.  Every time, the service is impeccable and the food is fresh and delicious.  The cook has some new sauces, including a hot sauce and a sauce for fish.  The whole branzino was delicious and I highly recommend it.I own Gennaros Tomato Pie on Jackson Street and in my same neighborhood community I have to say I had the best Mediterranean food ever in my life,  the hummus is out of this world including the chicken falafel, all the way down to the cinnamon honey tea.  You can't go wrong with anything you eat from Amilias cafe, from one business to another I will forever go here and support them.  I urge everyone to go here and taste heaven. The owner David and Adel are  complete gentlemen. Will be back again and again..Stumbled on this place (thanks to the Yelp Gods) after dinner at a different BYO. A friend and I were looking for a place to take our already opened bottle of wine and finish it with hookah. We were pleasantly surprised to find this small, hole in the wall café. What this place lacks in curb appeal it makes up for with authentic food and decor. We had the baklava that first night and it was divine.
I've been back a number of times since then and have yet to be disappointed. The lamb skewers and hummus were very tasty. They also have this bangin' ginger tea (bangin' is a technical term) that I could drink all day.  The hookah is quite nice too. And everything is affordable. 
I've decided to make this my new chill spot. The food is good, the atmosphere is relaxed, and the service is pretty great too. Always a good experience when I'm at Amalia's.Phenomenal! Love it here. Started with the baba ganoush with pita, and then had the beef skewer and baklava for dessert. Everything was mouthwateringly delicious. I told them it was my girlfriend's birthday so they brought out tiramisu with a candle. They also have cappuccino. Couldn't have been happier with everything and everyone is so nice!From beginning to end, the whole experience of eating at Amalia's has been wonderful! Service is fantastic and the food is AMAZING!!! We had the dinner for two, which I highly recommend. And if you aren't feeling well, the ginger honey tea is what you need to feel better. Will definitely be coming here again!!!A restaurant experience that is memorable is more than just the quality of the food and the speed of the service. It should entertain both the palate and the mind. Amalia's cafe did just that. The food and service are exceptional but the host, David reminded us of why we need to reach out and embrace other cultures. This is a hidden gem in Philadelphia. We will certainly be back.Went to Amalia's last night with friends! The food was really great, generous portions and reasonable prices. We enjoyed a hookah also. The owner was very attentive and helpful! My only complaint about this place is the loud pop music and videos, but I can't say enough good things about the food and owner! Glad it's nearby!When you first walk in, you don't know what to expect. As we sat down, we were greeted by the owner and he was quite amazing. Explained how everything is made from scratch and gave us some great recommendations. We got the Mixed Grill Kebabs, Hummus, and falafel and coming from NYC, we were all amazed how delicious it was. The platters came with salad as well which was fresh and refreshing. We also got two hookahs, one citrus mist and the other blue mist - being a big hookah person, it was very good and hit nicely. He also would come around constantly to make sure everything was perfect. Def. recommending this place to my friends who live in Philly and will be making another trip back when I do visit again.Best restaurant experience I have had in a long time.
The gentlemen that I believe own and runs the place is unbelievable hospitable and welcoming. 
At first glance it looks sketchy, but this is the perfect example of don't judge a book by its cover.
The ambiance is great, the service is great, the food is great! 
The gentlemen prepares everything himself so things don't come out all at once, which is great because it gives you time to enjoy each course. 
We started with the Hummus with grilled chicken, and then received our Mediterranean salads that came with our main entrée. He then brought us out some ginger/honey tee (unbelievably good).
Our main courses were, the Lamb kabob and the Kafta Kabob. Both were excellent!
The lamb he said was imported from New Zealand and the Kafta he makes himself everyday.
To top it all off we had the Tiramisu and the Walnut Baklava, both to die for!
I wish I could give this place 10 stars!
We will definitely be coming back next time we are in Philly!great authentic meal !!! the hummus and babaganoush was delicious !!!! the branzino was perfectly cooked and came with a delicious sauce OMG I ate the whole thing !!!! the tiramisu was amazing ! the only thing was my fiancé ordered the lamb kabob and got beef instead and the guy tried convincing us that the reason it tasted like beef was because it was "grass fed" but regardless lamb is lamb !! I eat organic lamb all the time still taste like LAMB lol but anyway besides that to food was amazingYes this is a bit of diversity in south Philly where we so desperately need one.  However this place is NO way a 4.5 star place.  I've only been here once but was disappointed.   Portions are tiny and food isn't spectacular.  I don't understand the rave reviews.  No I don't smoke hooka.  And maybe the hooka makes the food taste better?  It's a mystery to me.  I'd say not worth traveling for.  If your a local craving diversity i say go for it and give it a try.  Because I will definitely be giving it another try since I work in the area.Again this is where I seriously wonder what the hell is up with yelpers? I ear international foods all the time and fm many different cities. The falafel was meh, the mixed grill was all dry I barely got pita with my hummus and that was soggy and not toasty. And the price wasnt exactly cheap. Will not be going back.I WANT THAT HUMMUS EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK. 
FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE.
The service was very friendly, it's definitely a nice chill place to take a small, intimate group and relax on a comfortable night. All the staff was very friendly and made you want to come back.
I want to come back.
I'm going back.
I might be there right now.
I am there right now.
The hookah was great [ask for grape mint! its not on the menu but trust me!!]
they hook you up with more than enough charcoal, and the prices are very fare.This is one of the best Mediterranean places which offers hookah in the area. The food is amazing. They offer exceptional quality hummus and great entrees from skewered meat with rice to great sandwiches. The service is great and they are very accommodating. The baklava and tiramisu is very also delicious. Amalia's offers a great ambience with authentic quality food. It's a great spot to hangout and it would be great if the hours were extended on weekends.I recently ate at Amalia's Cafe and was pleasantly surprised. First, I truly enjoy tasty, healthy foods, and I feel Mediterranean Food falls into this category. So I have eaten at many Mediterranean restaurants in many cities across the U.S.
Amalia's Pros and Cons.
PROS:
- I wanted to substitute hummus for salad and the owner did it without hesitation or extra charge.
- The hummus was amazing, the only place I ever had better hummus was a small restaurant in NYC.
- Pita bread was warm and fresh.
- Chicken Kabob was tasty, cooked just right, and offered with two different tasty sauces.
- I was given complimentary baklava, which I love, and it is probably the best baklava I've ever had.
CONS:
- Rice was ok. It was bad, but it wasn't on the same level as everything else.
I recommend this place if you have a craving for good, decently-priced, Mediterranean food.I enjoyed the great service, intimate setting for friends, great hookah!  Oh and the tea :)Excellent!! The Kafta kabob platter and hummus is amazing. Everything has great flavor and you can tell it's made fresh. While I was waiting for my food, I had some complementary ginger tea and I loved that also! I definitely will be going back.Small , cozy, warm, little Israeli place located in the middle of nowhere in South Phiilly.  Came here with my buddy for dinner and some hookah. Its a byob so we brought some wine.  Our waitress was very friendly and the owner/chef came out to introduce himself and talk about the food.  We ordered the hummus platter for appetizers and a hookah to get started.  The hummus was great and obviously home made. For main course we split chicken, lamb,beef and vegetable skewers along with some grilled corn.  The meat was some of the best ive ever had.  For dessert we were given complimentary baklava which was fantastic. This is an amazing hidden gem with very authentic middle eastern food. Definitely coming here again.Came in here with my cousin and got a couple of hookahs. They were amazing and the staff is so friendly and the environment is great! Deff a place that I will be coming back to. Another thing you have to try is their lemon mint juice tastes great and freshly made.My boyfriend and I have been here several times and we absolutely love it.  The inside of this place has the perfect minty-smelling smokiness that a hookah lounge should have, the owner really cares about the experience and the food is delicious.  We usually get some hummus, babaganoush and falafel and save the hookah for last with dessert (the tiramisu and the baklava are both unreal) and the sweet/spicy ginger tea.   Perfect laid-back Saturday night.  We definitely recommend it.  One note of caution: the veggie skewer has an insanely hot surprise pepper nestled in with the other normal veggies.  Watch out.Great food  great atmosphere  the servers are very very nice. Try the corn and the falafel they are amazeballs!!! I love coming here a must try     la yfootkom!Brought my family to Amalia's after reading the Yelp Reviews.  Very welcoming owner and cozy surroundings.  We LOVED the ginger tea.  Enjoyed the chicken kabob, the fattoush salad and the falafel. Reasonably priced with fairly large portions.  
 Will return when we are in the South Philly area.  Recommended!So glad I found this place! Great ambience and awesome service! The food was absolutely fantastic! Everything from the hummus to meats were well made and fresh! Make sure to have a pot of the ginger honey tea which is perfect for a cold night! Can't wait to come back for more!Had a fantastic time here.  I want to stress the "lounge" part of the name; it's a comfy, relaxing environment with fun (but not overpowering) music.  The best part was the service.  The host really made us feel at home with his prompt service, attentiveness, and generosity by giving us complimentary ginger tea and baklava.  This really stood out from the other hookah places I've been in Philadelphia where it's impossible to get a hold of your server and even hear what they're saying over the loud club music pounding in your ears.
Would DEFINITELY recommend taking a trip down here!I can't add anything here that hasn't already been said.... This place is amazing. Long story short, I found myself camping in my own house in south philly, ahead of a move out. No food, no plates, etc.... Ordered take out twice in 3 days and both times amazing. The beef for the kebabs is high-end steak quality, the hummus is so creamy and good, the salads are fantastic, full of herbs and lime. And both delivery drivers were cute. 
I wish I had found this place before I moved to center city, but I'm glad to have had the two meals I did.Awesome service and fresh food with a very friendly staff. Plus the modest pricing and complimentary baklava make it ideal for a budget dinner. Come check this place out!The food here is amazing! I've eaten here at least 5 times now and have consistently had my pants blown off. I'm vegetarian, so I always order the babaganouj, hummus, falafel platter, Mediterranean salad, lemon mint juice, and pot of tea. THEY'RE ALL GOOD! 
I also highly recommend the lemon mint shisha for your hookah, so light but so flavor fool and refreshing.
The place is pretty relaxed, it's usually not extremely busy so it's great for sharing conversation while smoking and chowing down. If you're looking for a rowdy atmosphere, this is not what you want. However, the staff is very friendly and helpful.
Overall, I can definitely call this one of my favorite spots in Philly. And for south philly - there is no competition!
Affordable and delicious :)I really like this place. Good food-- I usually get the falafel wrap or entree. Well priced. Nice people. They usual give me free baklava. 
Come give them some business!This place is nothing short of awesome! Great food,great service and all at a great price. The guy made great recommendations with the food and hooka flavour...which was awesome!! Definitely on my list of go-to spots!Seriously folks if you've missed this restaurant you missed one of life's greatest experiences. The owners who run the restaurant are culinary aficianados & dedicated to the culinary art. They produce simple yet unbelievably tasty Middle Eastern dishes with a truly magical touch. Tabouleh is the best I've ever tried. That homemade pita is velvet heaven.They make stunningly beautiful desserts. Every time I go there I'm treated to someting wonderful. Tiramisu like no other when they have it. They take their time to serve you but you won't be disappointed. The final product tastes so fresh. Ummm. I'm getting a hankering to go there right now!! Enjoy.Let me start by saying this place is intimate, laid back and the food is amazing. My husband and I had a few friends come down for the day, we were originally going out for THAI, but we wanted to do Hookah and BYOB. When search hookah near by and this location came up as the closest. We highly recommend trying it out. The host was very pleasant and helpful. The Hookah was nice and it was very affordable!!!The best hookah ever!  And the prices for the food are really good! If u find ur self in this neighborhood you really should try it!