Wasn't sure what to expect and we were pleasantly surprised.  Had a high chair for our little one, half price on all beers during happy hour, good tasting seafood that arrived promptly, friendly service, clean restaurant.Who would have thought; a random stop at this relatively new crab sports bar near south street, and wow, what a great experience from start to finish.
The server was so attentive and wonderful. My mother and I were there for lunch and my mom was Soo pleased about every part of the experience. So clean, and every accoutrement was provided before being asked. The food also was delicious and cooked perfectly!!   Establishment was Soo clean.
We will def be back!Got takeout for the first time trying out their seafood. Honestly I think it's good although I prefer the sauce to be more flavorful. Will return.My friend and I decided to grab a bite since I landed back in Philly and she was off from work. We said we should try somewhere new near South Street since it probably wouldn't be crowded given time of day and it being during the week. We landed on the Amazing Crab  House because we were both fans of the seafood and especially the seasoned steam bags. We wound up ordering the most expensive combo $99, because it literally made the most sense given that we both wanted crab legs, yet they weren't included in all combos as they typically are at most establishments like this. The $99 combo included 2 nicely sized lobster tails (or  king crab but we went with the lobster), 1 lb each of: head on shrimP (they charge  an additional $4 to remove the heads....WHAT, YEAH ‍), baby clams, PEI mussels, snow crab  legs, crawfish and 4 ears of corn and red potatoes. We went with their amazing garlic sauce aNd made it medium heat (which was perfectly spicy). We have ZERO complaints with the food as it was pretty damn delicious and we had a bunch of leftovers. This platter could have easily been shared by 3-4 people. Our server also gave us a tutorial on eating crawfish as neither of us knew how to properly get the meat out of the tail. Despite the priciness (when other similar establishments are no where near as pricey), we said we would actually visit again to share that platter and perhaps participate in karaoke and drinks.Brand new spot, but if you love going to town on some seafood this place is your spot.  Flavors are delicious, crab perfectly cooked, buckets in the table for shells and dig in.  Clean fun atmosphere with lots of TVs to watch the game.  Highly recommend if crab legs and seafood is your thing.I'm so happy with this place! I didn't even have time to take pictures of the feast I ordered from here because everyone ate their food so fast. I will definitely always go here when I want to have a seafood throw down in the future  the amazing crab special sauce  it was so good!Just literally finished dinner here w my family and they are amazing! The seafood was fantastic. I searched so long for a banging ass seafood spot since my old to go spot shut down and I'd have to say my family and I will be regulars here. Can't wait to come back!Great value and great seafood. I got the 36.89 combo, and it came with so much food that I had it for dinner, then lunch and dinner next day.Staff was amazing!!! I ordered lemon pepper chicken and black mussels...both were great. My date ordered fried shrimp, fried flounder and sweet potato fries...all of the good was really tasty except for the fried flounder...it seemed to be thawed then fried, like it was not dry when it was battered and fried..
The drinks were also good! The sports bar atmosphere made it an enjoyable time...try it outWe were trying to find a decent place that was a little removed from the crowds of the convention center.  I stumbled upon this place on Yelp.  They were in their soft-opening phase.
The staff was really nice and attentive.  They gave us some extra sauce to try and showed a few of us how to eat crawfish.  This was well worth the trip.  
I highly recommend the combos if you are travelling with a group.- fast delivery
- very delectable amazing sauce
- the shrimp dont come with shells which is a huge advantage
- It was so good, I ordered again, two hours laterHouse sauce is yummy . Meaty crab legs . Good drinks . Not as strong as you may like it .Came here with my girlfriend on a Friday night in the summer.  We opted to sit outside since it was a beautiful evening.  Extremely casual. We ordered the crabs with Old Bay. They were delicious!
Definitely going back again!Decided to give this restaurant a try before a concert at TLA. The food was mediocre.  My friend  has food restrictions and, as a result didn't end up eating anything.  They refused to substitute for her sides, neither of which she could have. When we asked the waiter what kind of lettuce they use he was confused and said, "The regular kind?  You know. Like cabbage."  I ordered clam chowder, which it turns out that they don't even make there, but order pre-made, which makes you wonder if they prepare any of their own food . The corn chips they brought us were hard as rocks, I originally thought they were stale, but it turns out that they were like that on purpose. If you have a gluten issue, DO NOT COME HERE. The only thing that's amazing about this place is how awful it is. The atmosphere was cute though. Just too bad it's a restaurant and not in my basement.Been wanting to try it and hoped for something good. Out of oysters on the half shell. Got calamari which was unremarkable. Decided to go elsewhere for our main courses. The Bloody Mary was decent.Food was MID. I ordered delivery they forgot half my order and obviously didn't read my comments. The food was super mid barely had taste and the clams were EMPTY.This place sure lives up to it's name!  Giant portions, reasonable prices, excellent service.    Even the music was great!Just walking along South Street and stumbled across this seafood GEM! the food was amazing, hot and delicious...we will return.Soooooo good this is really a good seafood place!!! I hope the quality stays as high as it is now.Almost forgot to record my visit from awhile ago, and here I am! My friends and I decided to try out this new seafood spot located right off of South St. The interior of the restaurant was amazing, they had tons of seating and a large bar! Our server was very nice and was always there when we needed her. During our boil, the only thing I was a bit iffy on, was their sauces. We even paid extra to try the other delicious sounding options they had but the flavor was not really as amazing as I hoped for it to be. Another seafood spot that is closer to 3rd and South, Cajun Heroes has an amazing red garlic butter sauce that my tastebuds,  guess are more used to. Overall, the visit went well but the sauce predicament really a deal breaker for me.We ordered take out for a large group from Amazing Crab House and it was delicious! The combo deals were perfect to feed two people and the amazing crab sauce was to die for. Everything was packaged in plastic bags, so it is packaged to be spread out on a table. The calamari was crispy and delicious. All of the seafood was well cooked and flavored immaculately. The hush puppies were not traditional hush puppies, more like fried corn balls, so that was not what we expected but still tasty. Overall, very delicious and reasonably priced and we will be ordering from them again!I'm in town from Long Island for a 2 day R&R getaway and came across this restaurant on the UberEats app....wow, what a great find!!  I went with the crab leg combo with clams, mussels, corn, red potato with the amazing crab sauce and there's definitely leftovers for a potential midnight snack (I also ordered the calamari, but my eyes were wayyy bigger than my tummy, but I'm sure they're fab)!  Perfectly cooked and incredibly fresh, spice and flavor profile was on point as well. My only complaint is that I'll have to drive 2 hrs be able to experience my dinner in-house next time!Just happened to walk past this place. The food was great. Had a combo snow crab, shrimp, mussels that came with corn and potatoes.Didn't even get to take a picture of my food because that's how delicious it was. I tried the $40 combo with the amazing sauce and an extra side of mussels with the amazing sauce & it was exactly that... AMAZING.I came here today for lunch as soon as they opened. We ordered a half dozen of raw oysters, one pound of snow crabs and the $48 special of 1.25 pounds of snow crab and 1 pound of shrimp & 1 pound of crawfish. Our total came to about $92. We ordered the special in their amazing sauce and the other pound of crab in garlic butter. The garlic butter was meh so we decided to just put the crab in the amazing sauce instead because the amazing sauce had much more flavor. Overall, I was pretty impressed. The seafood was very fresh and the shrimp was not overcooked. I would definitely come back here!Dope spot with great amazing seafood that is seasoned to my liking.
Bartender was amazing knew how to make a incredible Old fashionVery good food!! My wife and I got crab legs, shrimp, and craw fish. It was all delicious. We got it to go as Corona Virus did not allow us to eat inside. Will order again for sure.best place always go here to eat ! it's starting to become traditional. they sauce is soooo good i always get the amazing crab house sauce.. it's a combined sauce that's sooo good ! they never failI'm so glad I found this place.. it was sooooo goood the food was way more than expected. I highly recommend!  It's well worth it.. I had left overs because it was so much to eatThe butter garlic sauce is the single most delicious thing in the universe and I did indeed practically drink it. Ordered delivery and can't wait to come dine in. Hoping to fix some of the hole Nauti Mermaid has left behind!Delicious seafood boil! We enjoyed our kind crab, clams and soft shell crab! Sauce is delicious, their spicy level is accurate! So if if you order spicy get ready to sweat! Seafood perfectly cooked, a lot of places over cook their seafood. Potatoes and corn come with the boil and it's perfectly cooked! Potatoes do not fall apart! Yummy over all! 
Drinks are not their strong, after all it's called Amazing Crab House so if you want a good drink , we suggest not to order here. We had the Margarita Pitbull, and was not impressed. We also had complimentary chips and salsa... we thought this was a little strange given that it doesn't go with seafood boils. The chips were stale and the salsa was not authentic. Maybe try serving some bread, biscuits or fries!So, why only 4 star and not the 5? Well, food tasted great. Lemon pepper wings were very flavorful. We had the seafood combo of snow crab legs, crawfish and shrimps. The combo also comes with potatoes and corn. I had sausages added for additional $6.99. A little too much but it was good. Fried calamari was good but it was a bit undercook to me. It was still somewhat mooshy. My biggest dislike was the drinks. We both ordered Long Island Ice Tea. Normally any place i order this to drink,
it would be too strong for me. But, when I had this drink here it tasted as if it was watered down. Barely tasted any alcohol. Taste more of the tea. And the cup they used with ice in it seem to be a rip off. Because, it's very little for a $10 charge. But other than that, I'd go back for more seafood. The environment is also nice and relaxing.One word......NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Still have a strong fishy flavor in our mouths and it's been over 1/2 hour
In addition.... waffle fries were not cooked.   Almost raw
When the quality of the delivery is the best thing about the meal it is a sign ...Delicious. We got the $99 platter with the amazing sauce and the sauce really was AMAZING. The server recommended it and I'm glad she did. 
With three people in our party we were unable to finish the whole platter but we sure did try! The mussels, clams, crawfish, potatoes and corn were delicious and the only complaint is that the snow crab and king crab legs were a tad on the salty side even without the sauce. Some sausages in the boil would've been nice too. 
The service was perfect, there's a full bar and multiple tv's if you wanna catch a game, there's plenty of seating if you wanna hit this place up as a group. Plenty of street parking. Two hour parking limit out front. 
Highly recommend. Would dine here again soon.This place is outstanding. My boyfriend and I found this place online, came and will come once a week moving forward. Lol. I mean we are addicted. Did I mention there's a bar! Highly recommend.This spot is definitely one of the best seafood places around me. They're consistent overall, some places either over season or under season the seafood, their sauce has a little red curry to it if you get the special sauce but the garlic butter is bomb too. And you get 6 lbs of seafood for only $100! I came here for my 2nd anniversary and the place is a vibe. Parking is a little hard to find but it's south st.My husband and I  have been here each week since we found this place. The seafood is so good. We were getting tired of all the old seafood spot because they all fell off. The amazing crab sauce is sooo good. Everything I've had here so far is good with 0 complaints.This was one of the best crab dishes I have had. There amazing sauce it absolutely amazing and I couldn't get enough of it. Was a perfect date night. We ordered the snow crab and green mussels in the amazing sauce. Yummy.The food was good and fresh . Drink was strong . Different price range for you budget . Nice chill n environment. Also family friendly.Last nights dinner devours took me to another new kids on the seafood scene; The Amazing Crab House! @amazingcrabhouse . This establishment is brand new with a sit in Bar with more than enough TVs to watch any show or game! The music is "ok"; but the service is top notch! . Our sever Nick really took care of us. While here we ordered the fried calamari as an appetizer, which was really crispy and delightful. Then we ordered 6 blue crabs , along with a LB of shrimp with the head on. By which came with three pieces of corn  and 6 red potatoes . We also ordered it in the Amazing sauce that is lightly spiced and really good!  If you and some friends are on south st looking for a dope seafood spot to go to; slide through The Amazing Crab House! @amazingcrabhouse . Ask for Nick and tell home shimmy sent you! #philadelphia #philly #crab #shrimp #garlic #water #liquor #squid #menu #bar #food #foodporn #foodphotography #foodstagram #foodie #foodbloggerMy husband and I celebrated our 8th year wedding anniversary enjoying seafood at Amazing Crab House. We ordered the 1lb king crab combo ($99.99) and clam chowder soup. EVERYTHING WAS DELICIOUS. I could not stop complimenting the food. All that was left in the tray were 5 potatoes, 2 shrimps, and 1 corn on the cob. The table service was great, always checking up on us and the food, and owner was kind enough to give me an extra bottle of beer on him. We will be returning again!!!Amazing is the name and seafood is the game! This place truly lives up to its name! They gave a variety of sauces for your seafood- we chose the butter and garlic. Everything was fresh and delicious! I would go again and bring friends!I highly recommend the Amazing Crab House. I messaged the restaurant through Facebook about some questions and to make reservations. They were extremely fast in responding and had no issues when I had to keep adjusting my reservation.  The food was delicious with generous portions. We got a few appetizers, combo seafood meals, and some delicious Po Boy sandwiches. Everything was excellent.  But not only was the food good, so was the service!  Our waitress was very attentive and efficient!  I have absolutely nothing negative to say about our experience and can't wait to go back in the near future!Didn't expect it to be this good. Will definitely come back. Garlic butter on the seafood was amazing and the seafood was very fresh. Very impressed.This place is awesome great food.
Seasoned very well b.y.o.b
Plenty of room booth seating and good music playing in the background.
If u are craving some Great seafood get down here asap.
Absolutely delicious!
And a special shout out to our waitress she was great.The food is good here the staff are also friendly. I want to give 5stars but the sweet potatoes fries were a little hard. We ordered the seafood boil, wings, season fries, bomb and it's waffle fries. Which I like overall it was a great place! I'll be back for sureI've been to several seafood boil restaurants in Philly/near Philly and this place is probably one of the better places, mainly because I really liked their "amazing special sauce." The sauce was not overly salty like other places but still had plenty of flavor. I tried one of their combos and the snow crab legs and shrimp (head-on) were my favorite. Unfortunately, I did not like the crawfish here. It was not fresh and actually tasted a little fishy. I would still come back but will just order the crabs and shrimp next time.I've been to Amazing Crab House twice in the last week and I love it. The food was great and the staff was beyond attentive and friendly. The Crawfish and snow crab legs were so delicious. The drinks are good and strong and have great mixed drink choices and a lovely wine selection. The lounge area is cute and the table section is also lovely with a decent view of the sunset. Will return and would recommend it.Always a great time, good amount of seafood, prices are fair and seafood is  good. Can't go wrong with the crab bag. Restaurant is clean and wait staff is attentive.Walked past this place a few times and have seen people eating outside or waiting to pick up their order so we decided to try it out ourselves. 
We ordered the garlic butter snow crab legs which came with potatoes and broccoli. Everything was flavorful and packed with a lot of garlic. I think I'd prefer the old bay over garlic. 
We were allowed to order alcoholic beverages to go which were pretty weak and tasted just like juice. 
This place wasn't bad.Holy Mr. Crabs, only thing we found amazing is the good reviews here on yelp. We could have just taken the whole meal and thrown it out. Staff could care less after asking if everything was ok. Soups contained zero clams, meals fried beyond recognition. Sorry but hard pass on this. We felt totally ripped off for $70.00 worth of food.I had the mussels in garlic butter sauce, my sister had one of the combos , the sauces were delicious. Just save the oysters for AnastasiasUse to enjoy this restaurant, till their prices went up . My families order is now an additional 1/3 of what it use to cost . They won't be receiving any of my money, with their price gauging*HIGHLY RECOMMEND*
*4.5/5 Stars*
If you are craving crab legs, shrimp, any shellfish, this place is it. My friends and I decided to come here Christmas weekend, and none of us had seafood boil. We all loved it. It was so cute that they give out bibs and gloves. Food wise, you can choose specific seafood you want or one of their combo deals, which was what we did. We ordered the largest combo to share between the 4 of us, and it was perfect. They also have a holiday deal right now for free appetizer with order of $50+. For seafood in Philly, I was very satisfied. 
*Fried Calamari - the texture of the calamari was good, not chewy at all. Though the batter was a bit on the soft/soggy side, I would've liked it more crispy. 
*Most expensive Combo with Dungeness crab and sausage, with Spicy Amazing Crab Special. They prepared this combo in this massive baking pan instead of plastic bags that you normally see. The sauce was very good, it was buttery, creamy, and spiced well (has a bit of peppery/Italian seasoning kick) We got Spicy and it wasn't that spicy, just enough to give us a nice kick. The crab legs and dungeness crab were the stars of the show followed by the shrimp. The crabs were all very large and meaty. You can taste the natural flavor of the crab. The shrimp (headless) were pretty large and well cooked, not overdone. The other shellfish (clams and mussels) were pretty good too. The corn was sooo juicy, the large red potatoes were soft and steamy, and sausage were delicious as well.
*VERDICT*
Definitely would come back again whenever I have that seafood crave.