We went here today for the first time for our Memorial Day dinner.  First, a little history.  Prior to Andy taking over the site, this place used to be known as the "Steak & Ale".  From my recollection of the previous establishment, Andy completely gutted the place.  As you enter, the restrooms are to the left and straight ahead there is an area of the diner that is not used (or it is only used when necessary, not sure). Also as you enter, you notice the dessert case.
Now for the details. As soon as we stepped foot on the premises, one of the waitresses who was outside smoking greeted us, extinguished her cigarette, and courteously held the door open for us.  One thing to note is that if you are a smoker, there are tables set up under a canopy to accommodate your needs. Next, the hostess (and cashier) led us to our table and placed the menus down.  Perusing the menu, I thought the dinner prices were extremely fair, especially given the fact that today is a holiday and traditionally, food establishments use this as a reason to boost prices.  Speaking of the dinner section, dinner menu items come with *both* soup AND salad at no additional cost.  Most places give you a choice of one or the other, and then force you to pay an extra charge for whatever you want.
First, she took our drink orders.  Next we picked out our selections (fish, eggplant parm, chicken) and the waitress congenially took our orders.  She also informed us to help ourselves to the salad and soup, located in a designated area of the diner.  The salad included the standards such as chopped lettuce, sliced purple onion, grated carrots, peeled and sliced cucumbers, bread crumbs, beets, and a choice of dressings.  The soup selections included matzo ball, chicken noodle, barley, and one or two others which I cannot think of right now.  Additionally, in this area you will find warm, sliced bread housed under a lid container.  Last but not least, there was a basket of what appeared like corn bread (or maybe pound cake) as well as a pastry basket.  Keep in mind all of these items come included with the meal at no additional cost.
After what seemed like a short wait, the waitress brought out our meals on a tray.  In true diner form, the portions were very generous.  My fish selection was masterfully prepared and tasted as if I were in an ultra upscale Center City restaurant expertly prepared by a world-class chef.  Similarly, my companions enjoyed their food choices immensely.  I was able (and hungry enough) to finish my entire meal, while my the others asked for leftover containers. 
In closing, the bill was exceptionally reasonable for both the quantity and quality of food we ordered.  We have driven past Andy's Diner in the past, but are certainly glad we stopped in to give this place a try.  You should do the same if you have not yet done so and see for yourself!Visited for breakfast the 1st time since the switch from Steak n Ale. Really looks completely different inside. 
Nice & clean. Very large - great if you're with a group of people. Friendly accommodating staff. 
Breakfast was good. I'm not one to notice prices very much, but it was about $50 for 2 adults & 2 kids for breakfast. That's crazy for eggs & pancakes. For that reason- don't know that I'll be back...The place was empty on a Thursday evening. I counted four customers in the whole place. Menu is very expensive and any sides are a la carte. For instance fries with a panini sandwich, the fries are $3 extra. My chicken panini was served with a pickle. The sandwich bread was soaked from the juice from the pickle. There was nothing special about the panini. The chicken tasted like they pulled a frozen patty out of the freezer and reheated it in a microwave.  It was rubbery and tastless.  There was only one waitress on duty. Every time that we needed something, I had to stand up and look for the waitress. When we were getting up to leave and to pay the check, I noticed a whole salad bar and soup buffet on the other side of the half wall where we were sitting. I asked the waitress if that was a self-serve salad bar, or is that used to cook the meals. She said, "Oh no, that's our salad and soup bar.  It comes with all of the entrees". I told her that our waitress never even mentioned it. But honestly it did not even look appetizing. It looked like it had been sitting there all day unattended and uncovered. I think the owner of this restaurant spent way toooooo much money putting marble walls in the restaurant, in the bathroom, on the floors, and on the tables and the counters. Should have spent the money on a better chef.  Probably why the prices are so high.  Just doesn't seem that they're pulling in the income to cover all of the renovation expense. The food was not even tasty. The diner used to be Steak & Ale, which I really liked. You would think that since there are a lot of hotels, motels, office buildings, and the fact that it is on a major highway , that this place would be packed.  The Wawa acrossed the street is always busy, and the food, the coffee, and the service are much better.  I don't think I will be back again. I don't recommend this diner to anyone.Decent diner I stopped in for lunch while out on the road yesterday during client visits. The place itself looks like it used to be an old ski chalet / ski shop that was transformed into a 50's style diner. Large mural of rock and rollers on the wall, pictures of old time movie stars and rock stars hanging around, guitars pinned up, large flat screens around, etc. Actually, a very clean and nice setup here.
The menu was huge, but was what is expected of diner fare. Had a grilled chicken Greek salad wrap with fries. Not bad, but the fries were a bit under cooked. Wrap was tasty enough. There is even a salad bar here if you choose that or get it with your meal. Outside seating too for when the weather is nice.
Service was attentive and pleasant. Not your standard diner set-up but worth a try if in  the area.We had a birthday party in a private room late on a Sunday morning. All 17 of us enjoyed the breakfast buffet, which was reasonably priced at $10.95. 
The food was fresh & tasty. Our server was Kamal, who provided us with plenty of juice, coffee & cold water. He was extremely courteous & did his job well. He also served us the delicious birthday cake that was baked on the premises. 
We're planning on returning for the buffet and also for dinner.Very strange decor/ design.  German style building used to be a steak and ale but when you are inside they tried to replicate a 50s diner complete with many pictures of Marilyn and Elvis. Good food though.3 stars because they had a nice salad bar with many soup options.  Otherwise, this would've been a two star restaurant. The pork chops were bland because they needed mushrooms or some other type of topping.  The two shrimp with the steak meal surf and turf stuck to my plate and almost impossible to get off but the stuffing was nice and crab filled.  The kids meals were just average at best.  Onion rings actually were quite tasty.  Will have to try the breakfast there sometime but this is not a place that is going to go on my all-time favorites list.  The desserts did look appetizing but we did not try them.  The cupcakes were absolutely humongous.Another typical diner. Not bad but not amazing either. A good stop if your hungry and passing by.I looked forward to experiencing what I read about in reviews.  Walked in and was greeted warmly, sat down and found tiny bugs crawly quickly all over the table.  Got up and left.Poor service.  Beyond mediocre food.  I ordered scallops with no dairy.  They came served with melted feta cheese.  The redo was like rubber, inedible, I sent it back.  The baked potato came served to me without a plate, in a wrapper directly on the table.  Seriously, WTF?!?!  If I had known it would be this terrible, I would have skipped a late dinner altogether and gone straight to sleep.  The third round was edible, but super mediocre.  When I asked for the check, the server dropped it on my table with no acknowledgement of any kind and walked away... just as she did with the baked potato.  She said she was new... but seriously, WTF?!?!
No redeeming qualities here.  Not coming back!!!  No food would be better than this place.Stop in for lunch today since I didn't eat dinner last night. Not crowded and the waitress was very nice... You really get your money's worth!!! Food was pretty good too "very surprised"This is my first review on Yelp. This was one of the worst restaurants i have ever been in. The server was nice, but not too efficient. She brought my friend the wrong dinner. then when she realized what happened she said that she would order another dish for him. Then she mentionedd that she would have to pay for it, trying to guilt my friend into keeping it. After ten minutes, they brought his new food, but by this time my food was cold. The potatoes that he had on the table were cold. My chicken parm tasted like it was the cheap frozen tv dinner quality. Then they brough the bill and never took the first dish off the bill. When we pointed it out to the waitress, she said. of, they will make me pay for it. No wonder the place was empty/  NEVER AGAIN.Pretty much everything about this place screams....half assed...
Decor C- There is a failed attempt at a 60's theme that wasnt completed
Food C We had breakfast and it was ok but nothing special, they lost points on the sausage for not knowing how to cook it properly
Noise Level C- It's loud enough already without old music blasting in the background
Service B+ Our server was pleasant and attentive. She was the only properly executed aspect of the dining experience.
Cleanliness - B+ 
Overall - there is no reason for me to return here. The prices were ok but the atmosphere and food isnt worth the extra effort to pull off the highway.We had the Sunday brunch buffet.  The food was pretty good; the buffet had a made to order omelet station which my husband loved.  The restaurant was clean, the service was fast and the ambience was relaxing.  All in all a great value and experience.I love the ambience, the price, and the very friendly waitresses. The food is somewhat inconsistent. I had the croquettes, which were wonderfully crispy on the outside and very meaty. The mashed potatoes however, were disgusting - they tasted like they came from the box. The salad bar was really good, but the lettuce was really wilted. I tried both the cream of spinach and the beef with barley soups, and they were absolutely delicious. Overall, I will probably return to this diner, but they should work on improving some sub-par items.The name pretty much says it all, it's a diner. I will say it is slightly above average though especially the appetizers. I noticed, a bit more quality control similar to a TJI Friday's or a Chilli's. Something else I noticed is they seem to have an excellent/fun  advertising campaign.First visit. Family has been there before. Every time they went is has been good. I had creamed chipped beef. It was excellent! Large portion with fried potatoes. Couldn't finish it. Will definitely be back.I'm not generally a fan of diners, especially in this area, but I had a good experience here and that about never happens at diners. 
Pros:
Good portions
Fair prices
Cool 50s style environment
Not busy at all at night 
Cons:
My girlfriend didn't love the wings, but she thought they were okayVery unimpressed with this diner. We were being stared down by the hostess all night, watching our every move, even while we ate. Food was not remotely good. Also should think about drying the soaking wet lettuce on the salad bar.Went for breakfast... How can you mess that up? Well they did. Food was salty. Tasted dry and it was just gross. Normally Diner breakfast is amazing but not here!We are big diner fans and love trying new ones. This one we didn't even bother going inside. The parking lot is full of holes, the grass was so high we thought it might be closed. There were electrical extension cords across the front of the building from one window to another and it just looked dirty. If that's what the outside looks like, I can't imagine what the kitchen looks like. 
Not even going to attempt to go back. Sorry Andy's, you'll have to do better than that for our business.Had their cheeseburger here, it was great. Huge juicy cheeseburger and nice amount of steak fries with a pickle. Reasonably priced and definitely hit the spot!Ordered chicken salad to go bc a coworker said there chicken salad was really good and she was right. Super tasty and worth the 4 bucks bc they give you a nice sized portion. Seasoned well. I was impressedHVe lunch here twice a week ... Always good with great service ... Lunch specials are inexpensive and comes with soupGot takeout and ordered over $50 of food tried to say can't use 10% coupon and have to use it next time but said no would like to use it now. Also bacon burnt through the styrofoam which made it inedible wtf will never go here again.Not great. Setup of the restaurant is really poor. Shouldn't have to walk through high traffic wait staff areas, dodging staffers, to get to a dining room. Decor is a strange, like they weren't sure who to cater to. However, the place was fairly clean.
Food was ok. Not terrible or anything, just not something I would come back for. Had the Gyro, which was a bit on the bland side lacking any real flavor or flare. Wife had a wrap that was a bit soggy and generic. Wait staff maid numerous mistakes on our order, didn't know the menu too well, and even misled about menu items. On the bright side, they at least kept our drinks filled, were quick to rectify the mistakes when pointed out and were friendly.
There are so many dining options in this area that I don't plan on heading back here.Great Food and Service. Open all the time. Will make anything special. Lots of Options. Nice People. Love this place. Easy to get in and off of Roosevelt Blvd/Rte 1.  Next to WAWAHad a great lunch. Cade , our waiter, greeted us & took care of all of our needs. We love the decor too. It's bright & relaxing to come here during a busy day.Andys is your run of the mill dinner. Nice staff decent food decent prices. They offer a buffet for breakfast that's good if you're really hungry. It offers most of what is listed on their breakfast menu, including an omelet station. We've been in a few times and it's always a good experienceWent for lunch, nice place,good food,waitress nice and alertFirst time visiting.  JUST missed the Breakfast bar so I will be going back.  They serve breakfast all day so I got Ham Steak and eggs with hashbrowns.  Great size portions.  Good service.  50's vibe which was fun.It is a very bad restaurant...we ordered pancakes and the plates in which the pancakes were served was not even washed...and the taste was horrible...waste of money...and timeI stopped here for lunch today while carting around my aunt, who has a broken foot, and my grandmother, who has a brace on one leg and uses a cane.  The first thing that struck me was that the busser must have noticed me pulling up to the handicapped access ramp in the parking lot to let my family out of the car because she actually opened up the fire exit to let them come in without having to walk around the building.  She also made sure that my aunt was situated comfortably and put her crutches aside for us.  
As for food, two people in my party had club sandwiches, which they said were very good, though the shrimp salad club did not have much filling in it.  I had the vegetarian wrap which came with roasted red peppers, avocado, mushrooms, spinach, and mozzarella.  My mother ordered the Cali Salad, which she seemed to enjoy.  I was impressed with the fact that the salad had a nice array of mixed greens, instead of the diner usual of decimated iceberg lettuce.  My wrap was very good and came with steak fries, which I love.  The only thing we had that was not good was the matzoh ball soup.  The broth was so watery that it had no taste.
Our server was in training and was very friendly and helpful.  She even went so far as to note that I had ordered a vegetarian option and make sure that I knew the soup was chicken based.  I'll definitely go back at night and update but, for now, Andy's is ok in my book.The staff members were very friendly but the food wasn't anything great. We all agree that we wouldn't return.Diners can be poorly rated easily since the expectation is good, inexpensive and quickly delivered food. So, yes, this was received. 
What may not be on the menu is friendly service and should I say it, (yes I will!), clean rest rooms. Our server Jackie was friendly and our party of eight was served efficiently. Unexpectedly there wasn't a 18% gratuity on the check. Hmmm...I like that. Because she earned more than what would have been applied with the 18%. Smart management move. 
And regarding the rest rooms...I wish my own bathroom was as clean. I mentioned it to the owner/manager since people are quick to complain, but rarely compliment when someone does it right. She was very appreciative since she will clean it herself, if necessary. :)Good diner fare, good grits.
No outlets, however. The only AC outlet is next to a booth, so it's inaccessible due to the seat.Went here for the first time on a Sunday morning for breakfast. There was a buffet available, but we weren't impressed. Instead, we ordered from the menu. I had the stuffed french toast. It was good and a nice size portion. I couldn't finish it all. My boyfriend had the "short stack" of chocolate chip pancakes, and his portion was huge too. So, while it does end up a little pricey for a diner breakfast, you do get your money's worth. The lower rating is solely for the service. The waitress wanted nothing to do with us - short on words and didn't even look up at us. It's a bit rundown inside and could use an update. As long as you know what to expect and aren't looking to impress a date, this place is still a decent place for breakfast.Great food & excellent service (even late night). Try the Pork Roll Egg & Cheese on a Kaiser Roll... A Philly favorite done to perfection.I came around 9:00 pm. Ordered cheesesteak with no onions and whiz cheese. It comes with the bread all screwed up and onions and the cheese on the side cause the cook forgot the cheese. I said no onions and the waitress tells me the cook already left. I also ordered fruit cup and i had to sweeten the fruit myself. I do not recommend this place to anyone.It was a pretty decent diner breakfast. I was starving .... so generally I'm satisfied with most things in that state. The pancakes and french toast were good. I was a bit disappointed in the thin bacon. Reminded me of something I would get at Mc'D's. The quality was definitely lacking in the bacon department! (Luckily I'm not a huge fan of eating bacon plain...so my meal wasn't too effected). The service was fast, however not too friendly. No one checked back to ask how my meal was or if I needed anything...just dropped off the check! Whatever. I don't expect red carpet service at a diner...if the service is fast and the food is made right I leave happy! However IF I HAD needed something, such as more butter or syrup no one would have known unless I waved them down....for that, there is room for improvement thus the 1 star deduction! The portions and prices were very good and the bathrooms surprisingly very clean!!! I would love to come back and try lunch....hopefully with a more sociable, inquisitive server! ...I know they exist because my neighboring table had one!Andy's Diner is the White Castle of diners. And in case you didn't get that reference; this place really sucks. 
The drunk/high waitress on night shift was a maniac and took 5 minutes to explain to us the ENTIRE menu, and then messed up our order. I wanted my prime rib to be medium rare and she spent another 5 minutes lecturing me about how prime ribs at EVERY diner is already cooked and can't be made to order. The Cesar salad came drenched in sauce, the ny steak came over done when I ordered it medium rare, and the chicken alfredo was disgusting. We literally left the diner hungry and hit the Wawa right next door.Stopped for lunch. We had the senior  special ,eggplant-parm   With soup and salad. The soup and salad was very good but eggplant  was not so good ,the sauce tasted like jar sauce .Second time here and still annoyed by flies. I don't understand that since there are two sets of doors and thy should seriously do something about this. That being said, after 9 pm the menu shrinks to a late night size but it's an odd assortment since baby back ribs are still included. The front of the place is unorganized with the hostesses running out of menus and there is no flow to the place.The Salad Bar is large in it's layout but the variety is only fair. I found it unkempt and even when the staff were near it they didn't even straighten it up. The bread made on premises was stale or dried out. The only cool thing is that they serve 4 Soups on the Salad Bar one of which seems to be a constant. Matzoh Balls and Chicken soup I'm told are there standard and they where nice. Large and soft the way Matzoh Balls should be in a Diner. I even tried one in the Creamed Asparagus soup and it was OK. The sad part was that my Broiled Seafood Combo was dried out when served and my dates Chicken Parm was nothing compared to other Diners around like Andonios on Krewstown Road. No sugar free deserts on the menu either.I tried this place and found it to be over priced. Place is big and menu is big but the taste and prep of food was crap. Had to ask several times for drinks to be refilled. My order was not complete had to ask for my sides that I ordered. Waitress was not at all familiar with the menu. Food took forever to come out and was kinda warm, not hot, not cold just warm. I think my money is better served elsewhere.. wont return!Average diner food at average prices for Philly. Pretty big menu.We were the only patrons in the place at late morning/early afternoon so that's never a good sign. The service was terrible, the waitress was eating her lunch and watching tv at the time we were seated, and she seemed irritated that she had to be interrupted to take our order. The iced tea I ordered tasted like dirty dishwater. There were items missing from our order (cheese on the omelette, side of scrapple, toast). She admitted it was her mistake and then seemed surprised when we said just take it off the bill. We won't be returning here.We went to this place one time after seeing their ads and hearing about them. We regretted it from beginning to end.
While the food was good, and we especially liked the soup bar with the salad bar, the service was slow as heck and when we tried buying a few pastries to go from the bakery part, we noticed no prices marked on anything, but figured, how expensive can a slice of cake and a few cookies be, right? So we ordered, and went to pay for them at the register.
The woman at the register was engaged in a heated discussion with someone on the phone which kept me waiting forever. I finally sat down on a seat nearby because I am disabled with chronic back pain. When she finally got off the phone, she just quoted me a price out of the blue: $25.00!!! I said How in hell is a slice of cake and a few cookies THAT much? THEN she took a calculator and added it up: $13.00. Still pricey but after making me wait all that time and then having the nerve to just make up a crazy price, we paid the lower price and swore NEVER AGAIN!Our waiter was fantastic the portions were insane !
Never have I ever had a dish that was loaded with protein and pasta like I had here on a Sunday night place was quiet not much going on but the service never faultered out server even though I didn't catch his name was direct to the point informative I went in for a piece of cherry pie and ended up staying and having a four course meal with dessert to go. Some people just know how to make you feel welcomed. I ordered the chicken franchised served over pasta it was cooked to perfection the large portions surprised me four chicken breasts insane ! They have a salad bar too, I didn't want to load up too much I started with a French onion soup it's was good but I wanted a little more flavor from the cheese and Vidalia onions. It was good but could have been perfect with a bit more cheese and bread. I took home a nice sized piece of cherry pie too, I can't wait to go back to this place the owner gave me a 15 percent discount for a future visit , do yourself a solid and come to this place with a few friends it's worth every bite!!!!!'nnnAte at Andy's for the first time.   Dinner, service, atmosphere was good, nothing more nothing less.   Reasonably priced.   Would need to try the breakfast to make final call on a diner.I have dined here several times and really enjoyed it when they first opened. I don't know what's happened. Nothing tastes fresh anymore. I ordered chicken francaise which should have a lemon white wine sauce, it had some sort garlic butter sauce, it was uck, it had no lemon flavor at all. The salad bar was ehh with the iceberg lettuce and a lil bit of greens mixed in. I ordered carrot cake to go everything looks so delicious in their bakery case, but my cake was kinda dry and not the best I ever had. If I come back again it's gonna just be for breakfast.Food was okay. First time to Philly and this was the first place we ate. It wasn't bad just wasn't great. We ate breakfast. I asked for scrambled eggs with American cheese and they just put the cheese on top? Hash browns were more like fried mashed potatoes if that makes any sense. Really wierd decor for a diner. Looked odd.Big disappointment. I have eaten at their location in Conshohocken and it is always very good, but this place dropped the ball. But before I go into the food and decore issues, the service was excellent. Our waitress was pleasant, courteous and attentive and though I was tempted to tell her about how poor the meals were, I didn't want to ruin her day. 
Well now to food
My friend and I ordered the Eggs Benedict and in both meals the eggs were over cooked. The Hollandaise sauce was virtually non existent and the English Muffin was burnt. The home fries were done as I asked at least.
As far as the decore, they tried to convert a Tudor style building that was a steak and ale restaurant into a diner with a 50's motif--they didn't quite pull it off. It felt dark and gloomy as they had a haphazard mix of light bulbs in the ceiling chandeliers and it smelled musty when you came in the front door.
So if you are looking to get breakfast when you are in this area, don't expect much from this location. 
It is a shame as their Conshohocken location is good and their is not a lot of options nearby.Tried senior menu.  Husband had turkey and I had roast pork.  Turkey was dry and pork was warmed on grill with gravy covering it - meal not made with love.  Soup was good though.  Salad bar wasn't a great one.
We had already tried breakfast here - it too was mediocre.Went here for the first time for lunch with my wife and 86 year old mother.  She is a semi regular there and they take good care of her.  Turkey club I had was good, nice thick slices of roast turkey.  Love the steak fries.  All in all a decent diner.I am always impressed with the fresh soup and salad bar at all the Andy's locations!  I got the scallops for an entre and was a little disappointed that there were 7 very small scallops. They were not the large sea scallops that I was expecting. Service was excellent for our large gathering of 12 .Warning: this place doesn't use Taylor Pork Roll. They use some off brand, Hatfield maybe? In my opinion, it greatly detracts from the experience. 
This place is below average in most regards. The coffee is a bit harsh tasting and the hash browns are far too buttery. The French toast isn't flavorful at all and seemed like it was just dipped in a simple egg white before being haphazardly fried. The breakfast sandwiches are decent though, large and filling; but they're oily and fatty, very oily and fatty even for a decadent breakfast sandwich.
I might come back for their famous breakfast buffet, and the prices aren't so bad either. However, the food just isn't that good, and with as many diners around as there are, why go back?Has potential; needs work. Stopped in tired and hungry after a long trip from the shore. We were seated in a smallish back room with a TV tuned to Phillies game. Service was attentive. Many menu choices entitle you to soup and salad bar including two varieties of fresh breads. Our specific dishes varied in quality and size. My wife enjoyed her broiled scallops -- probably best dish of the four. I had a Greek salad which was enormous and featured some extras you don't normally see like stuffed grape leaves; yet the taste was only average. Daughter 1 was "meh" about her Italian burger. Daughter 2 thought her fettucine alfredo lacked something. The sweet potato fries, ordered on the side for nearly $4, were decent but resulted in too much food; fearing that, I had asked the waitress' recommendation if I was overdoing it (not being there previously and not knowing portion sizes) - and unfortunately she didn't talk me out of the fries. $50 for four people before tip was more than I expected to pay at a "diner." Owners will probably rake in big crowds and bucks, but need to focus on quality of ingredients and cooking.Just had prime rib horrible looked liked shoe leather
My wife had steak n shrimp full of grease horrible 
Service horrible
I will stick with breakfastWent here the day before Labor Day and was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was. Both of us went for Greek options and were not disappointed. Had a huge menu so will be sure to please all.I liked the breakfast. Reasonably priced. Service was average. Parking was big but shaped weird. I'd eat there againNever had a bad meal. I also like that on Sundays they have a buffet breakfast. I've never had to wait for a seat.Lets get down to business. Andy's Diner is actually located in 6% sales tax , no soda tax, business friendly Bensalem, Pa.- not Killadelphia...I've eaten there in the past with 2.5 star results..Just ate there on Dec 9, 2017 late nite( actually Sun morn)..i know restaurant operations well..Soo...i order a simple cheese burger, fries coffee..Sounds easy..well 7 out of 8 diners in the Philadelphia area destroy it..At Andys the back house staff had everything prepped perfectly...fresh fryer..fresh premium hamburger buns, quality meat product...lettuce, tomato..all ready for the cover of Hamburger Magazine..bottom line..the cook knew what he was doing..The front house staff that nite was also very competent..i can go on about Andy's local competition and their degrees of good to crap end product( you know at some point i will) but i highly recommend Andys Bensalem currently..Its about the food..its a restaurant for God's sake..ANDY'S..takes their business model seriously as i see it..Order and Eat with confidence..It used to be a Steak and Ale, but when it reopened, was Andy's Diner. The ladys room is nicer then most house restrooms i've been to, plenty of marble everywhere, the food is great as well as the service. My only complaint would be the new maitre'd who has about as much personallity as my cup of creamer. He is new though, so I'm sure he'll warm up and be as lively as the rest of the crew eventually. Great food at a great price with a great crew. Love this place!The place was clean and had friendly staff.  However the breakfast buffet that people were bragging about was nothing to brag about. everything tastes like they just defrosted it. They didn't have much to offer.  The fresh fruit looked like canned fruit cocktail!  I will not be returning to this place!!Had a brunch for 15 people in private room on 6/20/14. Service was excellent even though we only had one waitress. Everyone ordered either breakfast or lunch. All arrived promptly. No complaints from anyone. Very pleasant experience!I was searching for Red Lion Diner and apparently, they're gone.  So was every other diner in the local area where I used to go.  I was gone too long, apparently.
I saw this place, but it didn't look quite right and I saw someone else mentioned it was Steak & Ale.  It looks like it inside but with ukeleles and beach and car stuff all over the walls.
As I entered, the place was not packed, although most people were at Wawa getting fuel and probably didn't have time to sit down for food.  After I was seated, a friendly waitress asked what I wanted to drink.
I saw that they had Scrapple, and it was done.  I had to have some.  Being adopted into a Central PA family, we had Scrapple quite a bit, until we couldn't get it anymore.
So, then, I flipped the page, and they had daily specials for $3.99 with 2 eggs, meat, two (full) pieces of toast, and home fries.  Now, if I was at a Chinese place, I'd swear that the neighbourhood cats were missing, but with Scrapple...oh, never mind.
What I got wasn't bad, but it also wasn't great.  The scrapple was thick, crispy on the outside, mushy on the inside--e.coli, anyone--but it was dark enough outside to believe that it was fine.  The home fries were on the light side and the scrambled eggs were quite well cooked.  The toast seemed fine.
I enjoyed the taste, but I was disappointed that things weren't cooked more thoroughly.  It wasn't as though they had to rush for 1 person in the joint.  I'd go again, but I'd be making demands...or cooking the stuff myself.wife had the Ruben and she liked it . i had the cheeseburger and it was big but dry and no flavor it also came with fries that was just OK and it also came with Cole slaw in a very little tub with a lid on it that was very warm and not cold at all . they sat us in the back room and it is not very nice in there looks weird and the wrong colors for a diner it just did not look good looked old and worn down . the front does look better put we did not see this because they took us in the back i don't know why their was plenty of booths in there. also when they took us to our table the guy just tossed the menu's on the table and walked away there was only one chair at this table so we just stood their and i said to a waitress can we take one of the booths over there and she said do want a booth ? duh i just said that and we just walked over to one and sat down . will give it one more try if i am am in the mood but with all of the food to eat in this area that i allready like the mood may never strike .I've been here several times and always get good food and friendly service. 24Hrs.
From breakfast to late dinners there's always something you can find on a diner menu, and it's cooked right. 
We did find the downside to this place. A couple times we had breakfast during the Sunday buffet. Although we ordered from the menu, most everything is gathered from the buffet, as it is pretty cold when served to you. Of course, eggs had to be cooked fresh, but home fries, meats and pancakes were a waste of time.
Other days are fine, but I'm going to avoid Sunday's for breakfast.
The décor is a 50's flashback, (not too goofy, it's alright), and it's kept clean. They spent some money on the remodel.
Good location where highway RT.1 South turns into Roosevelt Blvd. at the Philly line, or two minutes off the PA. Turnpike at exit 351. Next to the big WaWa.Very sad little place. It has no life. Went for Sunday dinner. Place was empty when we arrived, but had picked up a little by the time we left. Food was tasteless. Our waiter (Kamal), saw me looking at the breakfast menu and recommended that I look at the early bird specials instead. He took our order and never came back again. Someone delivered the food. We were told that he had a large party of 30 in a back room, but this seems odd since again the place was empty. No reason to come back again.No complaints! Food was AWESOME. Had a veggie Wrap. Kid had grilled cheese. Boyfriend had the chicken quesadilla. Quality service. We'll be going back.I ate at Andy's 3 times over 2 days - 2 lunches + 1 dinner.  The menu is extensive. The service is very friendly and accommodating.  The restaurant is clean.  The prices are very reasonable (most items under $10).  For a simple, no-fuss meal, I would definitely return to Andy's.Went for dinner and returned for breakfast. Saw my favorite sports radio station was broadcasting on Saturdays from Andy's and convinced the gf to return for breakfast. Friday evening had a turkey burger with fries and Saturday blueberry pancakes. Many good choices and will return.have been back twice for dinner had steak with stuffed shrimp this time .this place now rocks way better now I don't know what was going on a few years back but they got it right now super clean great salad bar and good home made soups fast service and we love it now and will be going back for sure.went here for breakfast on sunday.  there was an ad in the paper about the restaurant and their breakfast buffet.  WHAT A MISTAKE that we went here.  the restaurant looks like a cafeteria hall with a bunch of tables set up and then the very small area for the buffet.  our waitress was horrible.  there were 5 of us.  2 ordered off of the menu and the 3 of us decided to do the buffet.  at first, our waitress was so excited that we ordered the buffet.  guess she wanted the tip without doing the work.  we should have checked out the buffet before committing to the buffet.  on our way out of the buffet we told the waitress that we're ordering off of the menu.  her response was:  are the lines too long, b/c the lines go down really fast?"  i said i just wanted to look at the regular menu.  she gave us the menus and her tone changed really fast!  she was annoyed that we wanted to order off of the menu.  we order our food and she tells us that there is a charge for the 2 girls eating (they are 1 and 2 yrs old).  when the waitress was originally telling us about the buffet, she said kids eat free, so we questioned why the girls would be charged.  guess she didnt like what she was hearing, so she walked away.  my sister checked to see what the issue was and if she was still going to charge us and she said no.  why couldn't she just tell us at the table, instead of walking away??  our orders came out and  i wanted my hollandaise sauce on the side and requested for that, but i guess that was her way of screwing with my order.  the waitress didnt once check on us.  we had to ask for refills on coffee.  i had to ask twice for creamer.  she asked if we wanted anything else and my husband said we're done and she grabs his plate, mid bite!  it was horrific and we wont be going back there.  the only nice people there was the guy who seated us and the lady at the register.  guess she was nice because she was taking our $$!  won't be going back there again ever!!OK, We have gone here 4 times now, and here is my review from good to bad.....
We both liked the interior very colorful like 50's type mixed with a sports bar with big TVs every where you look, big menu's with lots of choices, small salad bar very clean, lots of big desserts servers seem to be pleasant, they gave us advice on whats foods they have tried and liked. The prices seem to be fair lots of marble very clean, a big change from the local diners that never update.
Food was decent size portions good tasting dishes, lots of specials daily that was nice, fast service good to go there now and then and easy to get off route 1. Was told they make a lot of there food themselves the Italian wedding was great, and cheese fries are really good except you only get little cups of sour cream like no ranch or other sauces unless you ask. 
Now a few things I saw that did not like, the tables out side for smokers is cool but tables are leaning poor design, now it seems some booths are able to fit most people even bigger people as myself, some booths can't fit, which was disappointing since more than 60% or more are heavy.
Now we went in after 9pm and was very disappointed with menu it was smaller less food and if we wanted items from larger menu they charge you extra. The whole ideal of a diner is get what you want anytime of the day or night.
Now some dishes we had not so good the surf and turf was editable but steak was poor cut, lobster very dry, there pasta was good but they don't give enough sauce kind of dry even the servers said they are light on sauce that lots of people ask for more.Open 24 hours and right next to several hotels. The diner has that old time feel and is decorated with ukuleles and pics of Elvis on the wall. There is also a salad buffet which is a good addition for a diner. 
Staff is friendly. And open 24 hours!!!! It's hard to find a good place to eat nearby other than here.This place is like such a lifesaver when you have been traveling tired and possibly hangry yes hangry can't decided between angry and hungry.We did the buffet deal which was like 10 bucks per person  yass! No brainer for us!The omelette was the bomb,the omelette guy was also very nice his name was Andy ...Go figure.The bread pudding was good too and the cut up fruit was nice .Now let's talk about the home fries or potatoes or whatever baybayyyyy noo ma'am insult to idaho.The biscuits were awful.The toast was toast .Overall if you need quantity this is is the place to go .Quality is another issue.At this price though I guess I will keep my mouth shut!We stayed at the Radisson for four nights and had each of our dinners here. Everything was delicious. Great value. So friendly we felt like regulars the first night. They had coloring books and small toys for the kids. We made a mess and they were so nice.
My food came with a salad bar that included three soups (one night there was lobster bisque, matzo ball, and chicken noodle I think), iceberg, kidney beans, garbanzo, potato salad, macaroni salad, bacon bits, croutons, fresh mushrooms, grape tomatoes, cucumber, shredded cheese, shredded carrot, pudding, Jello, beets, and at least ten more things I can't remember. Melanie our super nice waitress on two of the nights suggested the ny steak with crab stuffed shrimp. No idea how they make a profit. It was around $17 including the salad bar, shrimp piled with real crab, the steak was delicious with frizzled onions. They have a kids menu too. My son has allergies and they were really nice about checking the packaging to see if foods were safe for him.
Wish we lived closer.I love diners because I can get breakfast any time of day! Today's banana walnut pancakes at 6:30 pm didn't disappoint. They have great service and super friendly waitresses. We host a monthly event in their small banquet room! Perfect if you have a small group!