The staff were nice and the restaurant is spacious, good for families. The pizza wasn't very good, though, and neither was the dessert.  If you are in the area, I'd recommend Lazo's instead but Angelino's may be better if you want to eat in.I love Angelinos! My wife and I frequent here at least once every couple of weeks. It is the type of place you can take a date or show up impromptu with a cheap bottle of wine after work and order up some good staple Italian food. The servers are personable and so nice. I will miss Angelinos if I ever leave the neighborhood.I ordered here for takeout. I couldn't decide what I wanted so I ordered 2 different personal pies.
Personal margherita (good, not the best I've ever had)
Personal white pizza (delicious) 
-the personal pizzas are very large and lasted me quite a few meals 
- I'm actually fairly impressed with this pizza and will definitely order from here again. 
- reasonable prices!!!The quality of the food here is great. Sometimes the wait for your meal is long. I thinks it's due to the restaurant being short staffed. Otherwise, I love this place. Great ambiance/music and service.I have lived in the area for five years and this is only the second time I have ordered from here...Dont ask why,lol......today I spent hours painting my bathroom (which now looks amazing) and after I was too lazy to cook. I decided to walk to Angelinos to order takeout. I went with the special,:  Smoked Mozzarella & Shrimp Ravioli
blended with Hardwood Smoked Mozzarella, Pancetta and Roasted Garlic tossed in a Vodka Sauce.....OMG OMG.....It was soooo good, I had to force myself to stop eating it . It came with a side salad, which was a good potion. I only wish they would have asked if I wanted all the toppings on it, because I am allergic to the peppers that were on it and couldnt eat it :(. The "garlic bread" were stale wheat rolls dusted with cheese and green flakes...no bueno.....Im only giving it 4 stars because the ravioli was the best I have had in a long time.....YUM!Bought the Margarita pizza and it was delicious! I like that at Angelinos you can order small, medium, or large pizza.  This place has quality ingredients, reasonable prices, and quick delivery. I will definitely be ordering from here again.Mediocrity is the name of the game at this art museum Italian restaurant.  I can't speak for the entire menu, but the fried raviolis and vodka pizza just barely satisfied my craving for Italian.  
Bottom line - I'd eat there again but would try something other than the pizza and raviolis.  They have a nice small neighborhood atmosphere and occasionally bring in a live jazz band.Best pizza place in Fairmount area.
Best pizza/wings/strombolis around.  Also, their homemade meatballs is pretty damn delicious.
Anyone who thinks this pizza sucks should probably go back to ordering from pizza hut....
Food - 4.5
Service - 4.0
Decor - 3.0The best pizzeria ive been too and what makes it the absolut best is that its BYOB lol you cant get any better than that. Great food nice location. Parking isnt great but once your in its very cozy.Consistently one of the best, smaller and family owned Italian restaurants that I've visited. Definitely a much higher caliber establishment than your average pizza place. I've been to Angelino's around 10-15 times over the past two years and the service and food have been consistent with every visit. The atmosphere is relaxed and the servers are never in a rush to get you out the door. Certain dishes are definitely better than others, but my favorite is definitely their chicken with pesto sauce. On a recent visit, Angelino's even had a live band.Excellent..soft crust, great flavor. It melts in my mouth.This is a great little BYOB, with fantastic pizza. My friends both enjoyed their pasta dinners, I had the eggplant parm which was A-OK but not the best I've ever had. The breadsticks and marinara sauce are a reason to return on their own! Fresh and served hot. Additionally, the ambiance was so much fun. There was an older italian man playing music and singing, it reminded me of south philly! However, my 4 star rating is for the FOOD only. They kicked us, and 2 other full tables, out of the restaurant 15 mins after closing! We didn't even get to finish the last of our wine. I understand everyone wants to go home - I waitressed for many years and never in my life has that EVER been acceptable to ask a table to leave, especially only 15 mins after closing time, and then to make it worse and blame it on the owner? Come on! That's no way to run a business and get return customers. I'm sure I'll be back here at some point, only because I live a couple blocks away, BUT next time I'll be sure it's nowhere near closing time because apparently you're not welcome here even 1 min later than that.Fantastic food.
I've been in the neighborhood for years and for one reason or another this place was always missed when trying to decide what to eat. 
Until last week when we were trying to decide where to order take out from.  
We've tried them all in the neighboohood.. and most of them are perfectly fine.
But there was something about this spot that had me thinking "this is the real deal"
The homemade cheesesteak roll?  The real mushrooms? The fantastic spanish fries with jalapenos, onions, and mozzarella? I don't know.. It all came together just right.
Quoted 45 min for delivery.. was there in 35.
My new go-to.Hosted a byo for a large group of around 15-20 people. AMAZING SERVICE and so kind and accommodating. Many restaurants are automatically just rude and annoyed the moment we walk in, with us being college kids and drinking alcohol. However, we are just there to have a nice dinner and hang out. The staff at Angelino's was so NICE and the entire evening!
I will admit this is probably the best byo restaurant, the food was PHENOMENAL!! It is hard to find a restaurant that has so many food options to please everyone, however Angelino's was PERFECT! I had the HOMEMADE LASAGNA (highly recommend!!!) and mozzarella sticks,  and many others got another pasta or pizza! Everyone was raving about how good their food was and it all smelled amazing! The prices were extremely REASONABLE, if not cheap for the quality of food that was served. The portions were more than enough and most people left with a to-go box. 
We have been to restaurants that made us bring our own glasses, but they gave us an option to have wine or beer glasses. We did have a party foul and someone spilled their water. Instead of the waitress getting aggravated, she was kind and helped us clean it up without a fuss. 
I know college kids can be annoying, especially when they get drinks in their systems. However, when they are being respectful and not causing problems there is no reason to treat them any differently than any other guest. Our group was astonished how RESPECTFUL the staff treated us. We all had a great time and left with full stomachs. Looking forward to having the rest of my lasagna for dinner tonight!! Wish the location was closer to University City, but we will definitely be back!I love this place.  It is my wife's and my go to spot when in doubt about what to eat for dinner.  The Pizza (especially when it is fresh out of the oven) is a delectable, giant, foldable slice of heaven.  The Chipotle BBQ wings compliment the pizza perfectly,  and the Strombolis are super tasty too.  The best part of all are the giant portions.  You will definately have lunch the next day and quite possibly dinner as well.
They also typically have a nightly special that my wife almost always gets and loves.
Finally it is BYOB. It is the perfect neighborhood spot.
Whether you eat in, take out, or get delivery, you can not miss with anything you order.Angelino's is a great neighbourhood pizza joint that does a few things fantastically and apparently bombs at others. The pizza is a fairly typical New York-style pie that actually reminds me of the pizza at a New York-style place at home in Edmonton. 
And as with other Philly pizza places, I'm more impressed with the Strombolis than the pizza itself. 
Service is friendly, The calamari was a bit too salty for my tastes and I haven't heard great things about the hoagies here either. However, it seems to be a sure bet for Pizzas and Strombolis.Place is awesome.  Best value in Fairmount.  Sure bet is always the pizza.This place has great pizza and an amazing stromboli. The crust for both is almost like garlic bread, and the prices are fair. This is a definite go to spot if you'd like a stromboli!This is our go-to for nights when we are feeling too lazy to cook, or just craving delicious, greasy pizza. It's the best pizza I've had so far in Philadelphia... the crust is covered in garlic, the cheese is gooey and dripping, and it's super cheap for two people to eat. 
Three stars for being INCREDIBLY SLOW (seriously, I think the last time I ate in with friends, we were there for over an hour and a half, and not because we eat slowly) and because the rest of their food besides the pizza can be really hit or miss---great sandwiches, but chewy, gross calamari and recently, a rancid batch of buffalo wings.
Still looooove that pizza, though.Great little neighborhood place for a dinner with friends. I've tried the pizza a couple of times but am not a huge fan. I think the pictures do a good job of showing the quality (or lack their of). 
However, the strombolis are to die for and enough for two people to share. When my girlfriend and I are in need of a stromboli, we call Angelino's.Angelino's is a nice restaurant that's close to my apartment, and therefore, a go to for pizza/drunk food. Their pizza doesn't disappoint, but after having it for a while, it leaves you wanting more. The delicious aspects are that the sauce is great, its nice and cheesy, and garlic permeates throughout the pizza and crust, which make it super yummy. The disappointing aspects of it, for me, were that it's really floppy, with no integrity and all the cheese dripping off, and pretty greasy.  I could also be overloaded on it, so I wouldn't hold it against them. They are slow for delivery, and their wings and calamari (especially the calamari) could use some work.  The wings aren't that hot and the calamari so so chewy its like eating gross gum.  
Their pasta dishes are pretty fantastic as well as the breadsticks and the salads that they serve with them. I haven't tried their stromboli's yet, but plan on it next time I order from them.  
Overall, I would definitely recommend that you try the pizza and see if it's up your alley, the atmosphere in the restaurant is fantastic and the food is quality, but sometimes it leaves you just a little disappointed.A great little Italian Restaurant tucked away in North Philly. The staff are courteous and the food is very tasty. The good food compensates for the high prices. Try them!This is a really cool little spot. I drove all the way to Philly to get my car inspected at a place around the corner from here and I was so very hungry. The mechanic suggested this place and it was a total pleasure. The place only had one family when we walked in. It's nice and quiet and the food is DY NO MITE!!! ok!!! 
By the time our food came the place was nearly packed, yet it still was not loud. My friend and I could talk to one another without yelling over noise. It was just delightful. The food was so cute and delicious. My friend had the french toast and I had the steak and eggs. The prices were so cheap. With the quality of food, service, and atmosphere this place is MORE THEN WORTH the couple of bucks. I'm definitely going back. This is surely one of Philadelphia's BEST KEPT SECRETS!!Let me start by saying I have been going to this restaurant since 2005. In the past year, the issues that we have experienced are making me truly consider never giving them my business again... And that is heartbreaking because I would consider myself a regular. I actually loved this place, but.........
-the new wait staff is rude and inexperienced 
-the owner continually acts like he is annoyed that people come there to order food, take a trip over to Lazo's and chat with the owner there .. That is a prime example of how customers should be treated 
-if you show up when the food isnt ready (even when you are on time) they act annoyed
-they now charge you for even using a credit or debit card. This is disgraceful! You should be prepared to pay those fees from the credit card companies.. Not charge your loyal customers extra on every tab
-eating there on a regular basis we started to notice that the food was hit or miss some nights, which is disappointing because some nights it is SO good
I really hope they start to get back to there old selves ... Angelinos right now is not worth my moneyOur first visit to the Fairmont neighborhood and man was Angelino's a perfect complement.
Whenever I go to a pizzeria, even though Angelino's food is much more, I order a salad and margherita pie to get a true sense of taste for the food available. Well, the Prime Rib salad was off the charts. The dressing was very good but do not spoil the salad by over dressing. It definitely does not need it. Then the pie comes out, thin crusted, charred bubbled and fresh, fresh, fresh. To top this off it is also a BYOB and the severs and people in the kitchen are truly neighborly. Will definitely go back.Terrific neighborhood pizza joint serving tasty pizza and providing great service at an affordable price. I have only had the pizza (a few different types) and some of their salads, but all have been delicious. Last night my husband and I dined in, enjoying a BBQ chicken pizza with a Caesar salad and walked away spending just about $30 with tip. We were very happy with our meal and our server was excellent! Furthermore, this place tops my list for a) having the authentic pizza place aroma and b) the large cup that they provide my club soda in. We are relatively new to the neighborhood and quite happy to have Angelino's just a few blocks away.Me and My roommate ordered a medium vodka pizza and fries. The pizza sauce and cheese were outstanding. The fries were really good as well.
A bit slow on their delivery so pick it up. The quality of the pizza saved them.
Vodka Pizza -- Individual   8.25    14"   9.50    18"   14.75   
Vodka sauce, fresh mozzarella cheese, chopped garlic, fresh basil and topped with fresh grated pecorino cheese.Outstanding service & Pizza. Tina was awesome and it's BYOB so we brought a nice Sauvignon Blanc and had a wonderful dinner.I love brunch.  It's savory (or sweet) and delicious and means that we're relaxing and that there are good people around.  It's a great meal.  I'm picky though.  I want something inventive.  I want more than the ho-hum omelettes and pancakes that I could get at a diner (there is a time and a place for diner brunch).
A group of 6 of us went had chosen Rembrandts on Saturday for brunch based on their menu.  The only problem was that Rembrandts didn't serve brunch on Saturdays.  Bummer.  This was 11:30am.
So we trekked off to Angelinos where someone had seen a brunch menu of theirs that looked appetizing.  I checked their menupages on the way over and saw an intriguing brunch pizza with spinach, feta, and eggs.  We got there around 11:45ish.
We sat and waited a while.  The waitress came over, handed out menus, got our drink order and gave us time to look it all over.  A lot of time.  We waited more.  Also, no brunch pizza on the menu.  There were your standard offerings - omelettes, pancakes, and the like.  We asked her about the brunch pizzas that we had seen online.  She want back to ask the chef.  We waited.  She came back and said that the one with bacon and cheese and eggs could be made.  
"Well, what about the other one - the spinach, feta, and eggs one?" 
She want back and asked.  
"No, that's not possible."
"Are they pre-made?"
"No."
"But he can't put those ingredients on the pizza?"
"No.  Do you want me to give you more time with the menus?"
A resounding "No!" from the table.  We had come in wanting brunch and 2 ended up with lunch items because there weren't enough appetizing brunch options.  A veggie panini and a pizza.  The others ordered a crab omelette, steak and eggs breakfast, breakfast sandwich, and I had an omelette with spinach, mushrooms, and feta.  We got a side of french toast for the table.
Then we waited longer.  She refilled our glasses a few times.  She said our food would be out soon.  Several other tables were served, ate, and left.  Still, we waited.
Food STARTED to come out around 12:40.  One by one.  We encouraged the one with the pizza (first thing out) to eat before it got cold.  It was a full pizza so some shared while they waited for their food.  They said it was very good.  
Bit by bit the others came out.  The homefries that were on the side of the brunch meals tasted bland and where just soft potato disks.  She asked us individually if we wanted onions with them.  Those who wanted onions didn't get them. 
The french toast was very good.  It was so sweet that we all agreed that there's no way any of us could eat an entire plate of it alone.  One can only imagine the calories in that dish.
The rest of the meals were fine.  Simply fine.
Pizza win.
Homefry fail.
French toast win?
Service FAIL.
Overall brunch FAIL.
I'm still really peeved about the atrocious wait time for the meal.  I'm still really peeved about the lackluster menu when I had seen something somewhat exciting online.  The pizza may be good but I have very little interest in giving this company my business when there are other pizza options and they sure as hell won't be seeing me for brunch again.Where can I begin?  This place is AMAZING.  We are partial to their stromboli.  We get the family size and it lasts us for two meals for two people.  SO very good.  We both highly recommend.  You can go in to the quaint restaurant in the Fairmount neighborhood or get your meal delivered.  The food is a good price, the people are very friendly, and your mouth will thank you!!!One of my favorite pizza places. The pizza's are great! They probably have one of my favorite Margarita Pizza's ever. Im not one to be overly impressed by a pizza joint that does not use brick oven, but this is the exception!I have been going to Angelinos for two years now and while the food is good, today's customer service will keep me from ever returning again. I went in with my brother at 6:30pm who was visiting from New Jersey, I raved about the restaurant and promised him he would love Angelinos. Unfortunately after today's service we both won't be returning. 
The restaurant got crowded really quick and just as quickly our server got overwhelmed and couldn't keep track of table orders. I watched her take our appetizer to 3 different tables before getting to us. The appetizer, Jammin Shrimp took 40 minutes to come out. She apologized for the wait and promised to bring out salads, those never came out. 
I went in with the intention of also ordering take out for my boyfriend, realizing how slow they were I decided to order his cheeseburger sub after our appetizer came out to make sure it was ready when we were done with our entree. 
At this point, it was one hour and ten minutes in and we finally got our cheesesteak and BLT wrap. Not sure why it took one hour and ten minutes to come out... Waitress dropped it off and walked off. 
Once we were done I asked for my leftovers to be boxed, she dropped off the check and apologized for the cheeseburger sub not yet being ready to take home. At this point it had been an hour since I had ordered the cheeseburger sub to go.
I noticed the check was for just a cheeseburger and when I asked her why it wasn't for the sub (it still wasn't out, I was paying for something that was still an hour in the making) she casually mentioned they don't have that item anymore. I told her I pulled it from their website and she replied, "yea its outdated, so your cheeseburger is coming out soon". 
Since I was hosting my brother I did not want to make us stay any longer (at this point we had been there over two hours and thirty minutes) to resolve a cheeseburger vs. cheeseburger sub order so I paid and left. The waitress knew I was not happy about the situation because I told her but did not offer to resolve the matter in any way. Worst part is the cheeseburger was undercooked and  ended up getting thrown out. Their online menu also states the sub came with fries, but since "they don't have that anymore", all I got was the burger. 
I am very disappointed by Angelinos customer service, will not be returning and will not be recommending.So I'll admit upfront I probably did the wrong thing by coming here and not ordering the pizza since all the reviews on the pizza say it is amazing. I came here the day before the Philadelphia Escape Triathlon so my goal was to stuff my body with as many carbs as possible.
The Food:
- Spaghetti and Meatballs: They make their own meatballs and they are pretty delicious and definitely the star of this dish. The pasta sauce was a little too watered down for me and there wasn't a strong enough tomato flavor.
- Penne in Vodka Sauce w Prosciutto: The sauce was bomb. You can't go wrong with Vodka Sauce. My issue with this dish is there was probably a little bit too much prosciutto which made the whole dish very salty overall- I wound up picking out most of the prosciutto so I could enjoy the pasta and sauce. 
- House Salad: Salad was pretty basic, I got the house balsamic vinaigrette and it didn't seem like there was any oil in it. The dressing tasted like it only had balsamic vinegar in it which lead to the dressing being a bit too sour.
Overall the ambiance is very homey,  service is great, and the food was OK; when I come  back here I'm definitely getting their pizza as that seems to be their shining dish!Poor quality food. Just another pizza joint. Also, racist. But poor quality food first.I have only ever ordered take-out pizza from here but I must say I LOVE it. The vodka sauce pizza, the plain and the buffalo chicken are ones we have tried. I must say - we usually order the vodka sauce pizza. I'm a huge (and picky) vodka sauce fan, and this pizza is one of a kind and will NOT dissappoint!
I definitely want to go eat dinner there, dying to try their ravioli and I love a good BYO!I really don't understand why they're rated 4 stars. Granted, I only tried this place once. I did pickup, so I have no idea about delivery. I ordered a veggie pizza, and it was actually the worst tasting pizza ever. I'm not a picky eater at all and pizza isn't really something you can mess up. but this was messed up.Food is okay. Delivery is awful. Won't be ordering delivery from them anymore. It's been over an hour and I was already told it would be here so soon.My husband and I ordered some take-out here one night and walked over to pick it up. I had the chicken parmesan and my husband had the veal parmesan. I also added a tiramisu to it. The meals came with a large salad, spaghetti, and some breadsticks. When we got back, we realized my dessert wasn't in the bag. That infuriates me to NO end.....how hard is it to check the order before giving it to the customer????? We called them and I had to walk back to get it. The girl apologized profusely but it still sucked. Maybe I should have been grateful for the extra excuse to burn those tiramisu calories. 
In addition to the salad, the portions were huge! I made my chicken parm into two meals and it was really good. The spaghetti was really bland, but I don't really eat it anyway. The tiramisu was easily the best I have ever had which pisses me off because I REALLY wanted to be mad for them making me walk back for it. Alas, I have to be honest...it was awesome. Therefore, I will be back.I have purchased a rents worth of food from Angelinos. Run by a local Fairmount family this BYOB offers delicious italian and american food. I strongly recommend the spinach gnocchi and vodka pie.I love Angelino's! It's my favorite pizza spot in Fairmount. The crust is crispy and and garlicky, which I love. Delivery is quick and the staff is always friendly.
Definitely recommend!A first and last time getting food from Angelino's for me. I can't even begin to describe how disappointed I am with their delivery service. Placed our order at ~7:30 pm. Called at 9:00 pm to check on the status of the delivery. I was told that they were backed up with deliveries and the driver would be leaving right then with our food. No biggie, it is a rainy Saturday night out.  However, 40 minutes later when the food still didn't arrive and realizing the restaurant closed  at 10:00 pm, we decided to call again. Okay...this time it would really go out. Got it 20 minutes later, only nearly 2 and a half hours after it was placed (that is after I was told on the phone when placing the order that it should be delivered within the hour, aka by 8:30 pm). 
I'm not one to complain about food, but seeing that everything we ordered is luke warm, and soggy (cheese fries and onion rings) from condensation, it doesn't exactly make me happy. I ordered the vodka pizza after many rave reviews. It's okay. The crust is tasty, and I could probably speak more highly of it, but again, it's lukewarm. My boyfriends brother did say his chicken penne pasta was good for whatever it is worth.
Try it, or don't try it, I likely won't be returning again.We took my girlfriend's parents to this place and it was a perfect fit for us.  We ordered the mediterranean pizza.  It was very thin with great tasting sauce and seasoning.  The waiter did a nice job and the prices are very much affordable.  We will be making a return trip in the future.  Make sure to get an order of the fries.  Best I've had in Philly so far.I ordered the special pasta of the day, and mine was delicious! However, my boyfriend asked for a Stromboli with no sauce inside and repeated it a few times over the phone ( he likes sauce on the side to dip it into). The person we spoke with over the phone said it would be no problem at all. We arrived, picked up our food, got home and there was sauce in it. We called back and the server we spoke with now seemed confused. When we told her what happened, she said she would have the manager call us back to refund us. We have never heard from them. Because of the Disappointing service, we will not be returning. We understand mistakes are made, but then to not return our message....Get the pepperoni pizza, you wont be disappointed! Ever since trying it here, my husband and i compare every pepperoni pizza to this place. It is simply the best! I really love this place!!!I have been a dedicated customer for 10+ years while living in multiple locations in Fairmount and Brewerytown. Tonight I called to order a pizza for delivery at an address I have lived at for 4 years. The young man who answered the phone insisted that I was outside the delivery range. When I told him that I have been getting deliveries to this specific address for 4 years (and as recently as last week), he responded with a chip "that isn't possible. Are you sure it isn't another address because that is not in range?" He was dismissive and rude. I have no plans to order from Angelino's again. Good pizza and a nice family that runs the place, but plenty of other spots for a pie in this city. I'd recommend the owner work with staff on consistency and tone when speaking to customers. Luigi's on Fairmount was happy to take my cash.I have to give this a zero star review because my food never showed up. i placed an order on their website and received an email confirmation. After waiting 1.5 hours, I called to check on the status and was told the delivery was on the way. After 2+ hours, I called again and was told my order had been "declined." No apologies from the person manning the phone, no email notification. Looks like I'm ordering Lazos again!Just had pizza and a Stromboli from here while visiting family in Philly. Decent pizza, very Brooklyn like. Stromboli also good. Sausage gave a good spice. Mozzarella stick seem like typical frozen variety. I would definitely check this place out if you are in Philly.Excellent pizza and chicken parm.  They just lose one point for the salad which is pretty weak.   I am really close to a five on this.  Great neighborhood pizza place.  Oh and its byob so that is cool.GREAT little neighborhood Italian joint. It's BYO, which is great. We started with the grilled calamari appetizer. This was not very good, but everything else was. The calimari was rubbery and overcooked. We split the lasagna and the chicken parmesan with spaghetti. The portions are HUGE and the food done right. the lasagna was full of meat and ricotta, with not too much sauce. The chicken parmesan was two HUGE pieces of perfectly cooked chicken parm. Both meals also came with a salad. The service was perfect and it's definitely got the feel of a local neighborhood Italian restaurant.Ordered pasta, they said to come in 40 minutes. Arrived after 40 minutes, and had to wait an additional 35 minutes. Wound up sitting at a table with 3 other people who were waiting almost an hour for their food. Girl at the counter wouldn't even look at us when we were asking where our food was. Awful service will not be coming back.Must try their Calzones! So big and can feed a small family but are so so delicious. A good neighborhood Italian place!
Pizza was a slight let down compared to the calzone. Therefore my review has gone down!I gave them a third chance and have to say "what an improvement"  I actually ate the leftovers! The Heavyweight had a balance of flavors --- the sausage melt in my mouth and the dough was just right!  Keep it up and you  will be in the Heavyweight circle!I love this place. When the family goes on vacation at the end of the summer, it kills me a little. This is a fantastic neighborhood restaurant. For that moment on friday, when you're tanked and cooking for yourself seems like a stygian nightmare, Angelinos is there for you.
Their food is delicious, comforting and will generally leave you some leftovers for round 2. Whether you want to take out or eat in, its all excellent.
It may not be that special place I go for an anniversary, but Angelino's you have my heart every other day of the year.I have family that lives around the corner, so I've been here quite a few times and its always been really good. Today we had an appetizer samples and a flat bread, with two sodas for a super reasonable price. The service was great and the dessert was awesome too. I would definitely recommend it.Let's begin with the food; any appraisal of the food would have to acknowledge the break as the alpha and omega of the sscumptiousness therein. I finished my chicken cordon bleu sandwish less than two hours ago, and the soft, chewy, slightly salty foccacia it was on with flawless. My mister's Italian hoagie's roll? Perfection as well. Where the insides get a little moist and remains chewy, delicious. YUUUUMM. 
And, btw, the insides of the sandwiches were also fabulous. Fresh, choc full o' great taste. And another thing: HUGE. The servings are humungous. I left two entire servings of chicken after eating my sandwich, and my sandwich was still overflowing with chicken breast. Wow.As far as take out pizza places go this place is far and away the best in the area. The  square pizza is the best in the city. Salads and sandwiches are also great.My friend and I were in philly and we wanted to get pizza. We saw that this place had great reviews, so we decided to check it out. The restaurant was pretty busy and we didn't have a reservation, but we were able to find a table. After the waitress brought us to our table and gave us our menus, she forgot about us. She was so busy with the other tables that she did not bother to check up on us. It took 20 minutes to get a glass of water. We had to flag down the other waitress just to get a glass of water. Then our waitress brings us our water and she takes our order. We order French fries and their Shrimp Special pizza. After we ordered, we waited about 50 minutes for the French fries, and 1 hour for the pizza. We almost left because we felt like we were waiting forever.
The only reason I am giving this place a 3 star rating is because their food was amazing! Their French fries were nice and crispy, and their pizza was to die for. Their crust was thin and it had garlic on it. The tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese were fresh. The shrimp was grilled nicely, and the crab meat was a nice touch. 
I would recommend coming here for their food, but not for their service. Your best bet would be to order takeout, and hopefully you do not wait long.I keep trying to give this place more chances because I love their food. But after tonight, I am convinced they just simply can't figure out how to run their business or provide good service to their customers. I will never go again. Regardless of whether we go there to eat, or order take out, it takes triple the time it takes any other pizza/Italian restaurant in Philadelphia. It doesn't matter if it's pizza, pasta, sandwiches, or anything else that should honestly take 20 minutes. Every single time I've been there in the 6 years I've lived in this neighborhood it takes over an hour.. I called and ordered take out tonight, (two easy pastas) and per usual, the woman said 35 minutes. My husband has been there for over an hour and ten minutes (and counting)....he said it's not even busy there right now and the chick at the counter is face timing old friends?? The best part is, they don't apologize for the wait, in fact, they're kind of rude,  as if it normally  takes an hour to make SPAGHETTI! Decent food, but honestly not even CLOSE to worth the wait. Go somewhere else in the neighborhood that is just as delicious and only takes 20 minutes.Pizza was amazing! Seriously one of the best pizza places I've ever eaten at. Quiet, small and great pricesGreat neighborhood location & atmosphere, BUT it took 45 minutes for baked ziti & a veggie sandwich. This was during dinner time and there was a HUGE crowd of 6 other people in the restaurant. This has happened multiple times and is the last time as I will go elsewhere.Angelino's House Special pizza my favorite pizza of anywhere ever. I get it one every two weeks at least. Their Spanish french fries are what dreams are made of. I love this place.Not to give too much away, but I live pretty much around the corner from Angelino's. They receive two stars because they are the closest restaurant to my home and I appreciate convenience. The food, however, lacks. The BLT my boyfriend ate there once was a-okay, and the dessert I picked up with my pizza one night was fine, too. 
The pizza, however. It isn't the worst pizza I've ever had, but it's far from the best (see: review of Tacconelli's). The first time I ordered from here was a few weeks after moving in. We ate an entire pizza between the two of us, pretty much. SALT OVERLOAD. Also, quite greasy. I'm not sure where the high level of saltiness was coming from, but I could feel it. Later that night (around 4am), we both woke up thirsty, thirsty as hell. We scrambled around the kitchen drinking water, ginger ale, and for some reason my boyfriend thought milk would aid the situation. To quote Ron Burgundy, "Milk was a bad choice." I stuck with water and, eventually, our thirst subsided. We were confused at first. Then we decided to blame it on the pizza.
In short, Angelino's doesn't suck but it doesn't rule. And I haven't had it in a while and will probably give it another chance sometime this winter when I don't feel like waiting on delivery or walking the extra 4 or 5 blocks to Luigi's.Excellent spot for a relaxing family friendly BYOB dinner. Super reasonable, large portions, friendly service, and great food options for the price. The Vodka pizza is to die for and they have interesting specials that change all the time.If I'm being honest here, this is probably more a 2.5 star review. Delivery only right now -- but I'm not too sure that I'll walk down the street to dine-in and give them a second chance.
I ordered three items the other night: a white pizza, chicken tenders and the chicken salad club.
I'll start with the club. I was craving chicken salad (this is nothing new), but I noticed that their club did not include bacon. I did, however, notice that bacon was something they offered on their menu in other places. Via GrubHub, I requested bacon to be added and wrote that an additional cost was fine by me.
Well -- the club didn't come with bacon on it, which was a bummer, but maybe that was my fault for not calling them to confirm that they could indeed make the basic addition of adding bacon to a club. The bigger issue: the actual sandwich itself. There was something off about this sandwich. It may have been the cheese (odd texture), or the bread (too buttery), or maybe there was too much mayo on the chicken. Nonetheless -- I only ate a quarter of it. Shame.
The white pizza didn't turn out much better. It was just... bland and seriously lacked the flavor that white pizzas usually are known for.
Finally, the savior of the order: the chicken tenders. They tasted exactly like how you would imagine delivery chicken tenders should taste. They were good. Not amazing, but good. Came with honey mustard.
Delivery was speedy, which is always appreciated.
Angelino's does have a huge menu, so maybe I just chose the wrong items. Still, it was a letdown to dislike 2/3 selections.close to my house...but i definitely miss the old place (beatos?)
the spanish fries are good and the greek salad has a ton of extras on it which make it a meal in itself.  the specialty type sandwich - like the robbie - are better than the more traditional ones (like the italian hoagie).  
the pizza is better - the mediterranean one is my favorite.  and if you feel like eating there - you can byo it in a relaxed atmosphere.
kinda cheapy that they make you pay for extra ranch but its still worth going to if you dont feel like cooking.Ordered pizza and wings which I try not to eat
In the past year , because it's always disappointing, however I was working in my property with a helper and we both were hungry, so we asked for cups for the beverage we wanted to share and also wanted parmesan , of course we didn't get it. Now as far as the food we did get there is no other words to describe it but Disgusting, greasy, oily, and tasteless, not to mention prepared with no efforts of trying to make it slightly better. So thanks angelino for helping me to decide not to eat that  again.Honeymoon's over, bitches. I've had too many mediocre experiences. From the chewy wing incident to the sloshed topping episode, I'm almost ready to write them off for good. 
I can get Rustica in less time, amazingly. Also, too much cheese for me, my body can't take it anymore.Great local italian restaurant and pizzeria with authentic recipes. Living closeby we probably ordered Angelino's pizza once.. Ok, ok twice a week. Usually the pepperoni pizza. Sauce is flavorful, perfect amount of cheese, they definitely don't skimp on the toppings, and we can never pass up the garlic crust. So good. Just so good.
But don't discount Angelino's as just a pizza place. The dinner entrees are great too. On our last visit we had the eggplant parmesan (photo attached, don't mind my greedy husband's intruding fork). Perfect if you ask me. We also ordered the lasagna, takes about 40 minutes to cook but is WELL WORTH IT. Just amazing and the portion is huge. It could easily be 3-4 servings plus the side salad and garlic breadsticks that come with it. The spinach gnocchi in vodka sauce and the penne with prosciutto in vodka sauce are amazing as well. The vodka sauce pizza too. Hell, get anything, it's all delicious! Prices are great too for all the food you get.
BYO - another plus! Need I say more?
Last but not least it is in a pretty quiet residential neighborhood. Parking is usually pretty easy but it's only on the street (free) so you may have to walk a few blocks. 
Love this place, love the owners, love the food! Can't wait to visit philly so we can go backAngelino's is a wonderful neighborhood Italian restaurant with superb food and a relaxed atmosphere. My favorite item on Angelino's menu is the chicken parmesan, but there is a wide selection of other delicious items to order.Absolutely love this place. the food is excellent and priced very well. Angelino's is a great place for dining-in and delivery. They feature daily specials that I highly recommend and the pizza will please garlic lovers.  The restaurant is BYOB, which makes it a good place for groups of friends to go out and eat because you will not rack up a large bill here.My friend just moved to the neighborhood so we decided to explore.  Angelino's was nearby and had good ratings so we went.  Great parts of the experience - the atmosphere clearly welcomed families, the old, and the young, there was also an older gentleman playing music and walking around to the tables with an accordion...very cool!  The food was pretty good and well priced.  The pasta dishes were tasty, breadsticks fresh and homemade, and salads were fresh as well.  Our calamari appetizer was tasty but a little overcooked.
Now for the bad part.  It's a little after 10 PM (closing time) and we're finishing up our food.  Our waitress "jokes" that we'll be kicked out soon because they're closing shortly.  Haha great, yeah...we pay our bill.  There's still 2 other tables there also winding down...one of them a large party of 10 people.  You can tell everyone there is just finishing up their wine (it's BYOB) and likely the place will be empty in 5 - 10 minutes.  Well, that didn't happen because instead the waitresses came around to their tables saying we need to leave, "We've been closed for 20 minutes, so we'll need you to get going...the owner he gets kinda of....yeah but finish your wine!"  Ok, don't lie to my face and tell me to finish my wine when you really want me to leave...so she blamed the owner, whatever, you know the truth is she just wanted to go home.  Fine!  I waitressed for like 5 years in the past and know what it's like.  However we had just tipped 20% and the way they went about kicking out their patrons was just downright rude.  Don't even bother trying to show up here within the last hour they're open or they likely won't even serve you.
Angelino (if you're an actual person), you owe us an apology!  Also, you need to teach you waitresses restaurant etiquette, and appreciate the customers paying your salary.Update:
Ok, after rereading my first review from awhile back, I did sound a bit critical - sorry! However, my opinion still stands. I will say, though, that the Vodka Pizza and Stromboli's are killer. The dough/crust is one of the best for a quick, local spot that I have had. For this reason, I give them a 3.5, rounded up to a 4. They're my go-to spot from here on out - sorry Luigis!Awesome neighborhood restaurant. I just moved in the neighborhood and walk by this restaurant every day, the delicious smell drew me in. I ordered the baked ziti, it was chessy and delicious! My boyfriend ordered a cheese steak which he loved. We will definitely be coming back again, plus they have live entertainment on some weekends.I have never been to Angelino's, I have only had them deliver. Their pizza is pretty good. They brush garlic oil on the crust, which is divine. They used real mushrooms instead of those gross canned ones I sometimes end up with at other places. 
Their buffalo wings are good, too. They are bigger than some other pizza restaurants.
My only issue is it takes a while to get it delivered. They always say 45 minutes on the phone, but it tends to take around an hour.Hungry and looking for a casual dining location near home, Yelp's photo's of Angelino's pizza sealed our fate. We arrived around 6pm on a Friday and chose our table from a sea of empties.  The menu was large and we struggled a bit to figure out what to order. Dining Partner and I both opted for garden salads and split a traditional large cheese pizza. The garden salads were large and fresh and the pizza was great! We felt that the crust was a bit over-seasoned with garlic for our taste, but it was cooked to perfection and didn't really change our opinion. It's also BYOB, though we weren't drinking this visit we'll definitely keep this in mind for the future. The waitress was nice and the restaurant began to fill up as we were leaving. We will be back for more and as this is the best pizza in Fairmount!Hard to give them three stars because the food is usually excellent but the takeout service is consistently poor. Order is consistently a little bit wrong. So frustrating.Perfect family style Italian BYOB. Big portions of quality food and an awesome take out option. ThanksGREAT neighborhood spot. HUGE menu.. and very good quality. 
It's a BYO too, and their pizza is great..  tonight we had gyros and caprese sandwiches.. so good. get the desserts too.Let me start by saying the service was great! 
The food was in no way bad. 
A nice meal, good service, casual environment. 
We had the pizza. Plain, and they all have that great garlic crust. 
Chicken Parm sandwich. It was ok. Not the most amazing sandwich but if you want chicken Parm it does the trick. Maybe add some hot pepper flakes and some oregano to give it a little more oomph. Oh, and the kettle chips they serve the sandwich with are delicious! A bit odd for a side for a hot sandwich like that, but I was happy they were there.
Oh, and the Greek Salad. I have to say throwing some feta and some olives on a basic green salad doesn't make it a "Greek" salad. Especially when asked about the dressing the server informed me there was no "Greek Dressing". Uh. Alrighty then.
I had the salad with the balsamic dressing- it was tasty. Just don't expect it to be something you'd get in Athens. 
I'd definitely come back. Maybe not with people from out of town but it's a good go-to place with a wide array of options.I order take our for lunch at least twice a month from Angelino's.  There french fries are surprisingly excellent and the salads are a big hit with our group.  At times, the soup can be a little salty but that seems to be the case with all take out soups.  I guess that is how they make it taste so good.