Anthony's has great staff. Always nice and helpful!
Excellent coffee drinks and homemade treats.
An asset to the Italian Market!As an Italian new to the Philly food scene, Anthony's is exactly what I need in my life! After having a sweet brunch at Sabrina's around the corner, I needed something salty with more substance to hold me over until dinner time. The original panini was EXACTLY the combination that I was planning on ordering, so I was psyched that it was readily available on the menu. I requested they add some balsamic vinegar, which made this perfect panini even better! My friend got a hot chocolate, which she said was awesome. They had a lot of different types to choose from. She also ordered a cannoli. She let me try a bite and I enjoyed it, though I found it to have a strong vanilla flavor. My favorite cannolis come from an Italian pastry shop in New Jersey, so it would've been hard to replace them in my heart, but this cannoli was fine. I prefer the filling to taste more like ricotta with only a hint of vanilla. I definitely want to go back to try Anthony's drinks and other menu options. I've been telling my family about this place all weekend since I visited. They live in New England, but I'll certainly be bringing them by when they're in town! 
Anthony's is a very small spot that fills up quickly and has limited seating. A true cafe atmosphere. Warm lighting with lots of people coming and going. They had a line out the door when I entered the establishment, but they helped people quickly and efficiently PLUS they were nice about it. That's key, folks. You don't find that everywhere, especially in a city. I appreciated their kindness. 
Overall, Anthony's is a quaint cafe that has delicious food, drinks and dessert and kind, appreciative staff. Can't wait to go back!I was unfortunately disappointed by Anthony's Italian Coffee House.  The service was not very enthusiastic or amiable, and the lattes I bought were watery.  While the ambiance was warm, I do not think I will be coming back to Anthony's.  I would rather spend over $9 for two lattes somewhere else.Gelato, not so good.  Chocolate confections?  UHHHH HUHHH!  Try the peanut butter stuffed pretzel drenched in chocolate!  Or chocolate dipped biscotti!  Or chocolate covered caramels... or chocolate... CHOCOLATE ANYTHING!  They use good quality, not too sugary stuff.  They have the goods!!! The lady behind the counter was a precious DOLL who bashfully admitted to being a true philadelphian who has never been to the state house, Betsy Ross's house or Liberty Bell!  She promised she would, as she made us drool and spend and spend and spend on chocolate (Sarna con gusto no pica y si pica no mortifica - they would say back in PR!).  What a beautiful shop, nothing to envy any of the ones we visited in Venice or Tuscany!yummy yummy chai lattes, and I hear the coffee is great too!I stop at Anthony's a few times a month when I go to the market. 
The coffee is very good - not as good as it can be but they can make a decent cappuccino - make sure you get it to stay - there is something in getting good coffee in a paper cup that takes from the experience. 
My favorites there are actually the paninis - Italian cheese and cured meats pressed inside a good piece of bread with a small pasta salad on the side makes for a great lunch. 
My other favorite thing is the biscotti - there is a brand that they sell that I love - look for Gilda's Biscotti (Almond Anise is my favorite). And if they have them in the mixed packages take one home. 
They also have Canolies that are pretty good and some other pastries. 
Service is good people are nice - I love the first whiff of Coffee smell as you walk in and I love going there in a midweek afternoon when it's nice and quiet.Really cozy, warm, good food and hot chocolate, and Wifi! I would come back!I f*&ing love this place.  I can't even describe why. Okay, maybe I can.  As my husband said to me "it feels like the real deal.  Like they could film a mob movie in there."  So maybe that's it. And the fact that I go in, get a real espresso (usually in latte form), sit at a small table, chat with the locals and bite into a real Italian biscotti (not a cute one with icing and colors... just a small crunchy bite with almonds and a touch of anise/licorice to it).  If you like Starbucks and hipsters, this ain't for you.The people working here were so sweet to us and our 1 year old daughter. On a very hot day, they were a bastion of AC and cool treats. We sampled gelatos, tasted treats, and chatted with the woman and little girl at the counter for quite a while. The gelato was delicious, btw! If we lived in Philly, we'd be back here often. Don't miss them during your stroll through the Italian Market/11I've gone to Anthony's for a good amount of time and the owner has always been welcoming and friendly and the girls who work behind the counter have always been sweet and helpful. Good coffee and food. Quality full service coffee houseAfter your cheesesteaks at Pat's or Geno's take a walk to Anthony's.  Nice spot to sit for a 3 scoop gelato, tiramisu of chcokate covered and a cappuccino.  All to share or course!  Also go and buy lots of fresh pasta at the many Italian shops!i will give credit where credit is due.
though the iced coffee doesn't do it for me, their house blend light roast coffee makes a really good cup of hot coffee at home.I came here for a latte, which was delicious, but was really wowed by the fact that they sell Italian sodas here -- something I wish would become as trendy as the sterile bubble tea and frozen yogurt places that are popping up everywhere. The lemon soda was bright and palate-cleansing (necessary after an afternoon of tasting every expensive cheese and cured meat in the Di Bruno Brothers' arsenal!) and the amaretto was a heavenly caramel fizz, like a gourmet cream soda. A delicious interlude between brunch and dinner.
The cashiers were friendly but efficient, dealing quickly with a long line of customers. And they get major bonus points for having a clean, spacious bathroom and letting customers use it: this courtesy is unfortunately foregone more often than not at small cafes. Bravo!Anthony's is a tiny cafe on Ninth Street 2 doors up from Sonny DiAngelo's butcher shop.  It brews one of the better cups in the city and his pastries are very good, and when he does have the sfogliatelle (sah-foo-yah-tella), I can't resist.  This crisp Neopolitan masterpiece is endless layers of paper thin pastry dough baked golden over a not so sweet ricotta filling, possibly the world's most perfect confection for those who don't favor the treacly sweet.  It is not easy to make well, but Anthony's is superb.  But you can't eat it on a humid day as the crisp layers become rubbery.  If they don't crack when you bite into it, don't bother. Sitting outside in nice weather with one of these, a City Paper and a cup of his great coffee watching Ninth Street go by is a welcome 30 minute respite from the daily grind.  Only down side, he has a photo of his grandfather on the wall with date of birth and date of death, poor man was only 36 years old.   Bummer!Great place to come for coffee. The place is nicely decorated and with some space to sit and to enjoy your drink. Definitely a good place to come for relax and to enjoy your dayVery poor customer service. Staff were disrespectful. Had a great experience at the Italian market EXCEPT at this place. Will not ever go back.Best breakfast paninis in town!!! The people are great and Coffee is excellent. Had to go two days in a row for The Gavone! It's also in a great area, have breakfast and walk around the local market street.Made a pitstop into Anthony's for the first time after living in the Italian Market area for many years. I stopped in on a quiet Sunday afternoon and ordered a affogato with mint chocolate gelato. It was delicious and offered a wonderful afternoon caffeine kick!
I will stop by again for more coffee drinks in the afternoon to get some genuine Italian coffee.A nice little mom and pop shop to grab some delicious pastries and great coffee and lattes.Nice education on gelatos vs gelatis...sorry, but I forget.  All I remember is that I could have had two or three italian ices from the place at the corner for the price I paid for one gelato here.  It was good but hey - I was trying to beat the heat.  Volume is important :)Last time i posted, i talked about a less than great experience. Today i've got to say thank You! They contacted me right away offering apologies and the promise of a better experience. I went back and i was beyond pleased with both the service and the taste of my ristreto coffee! Off course, the tiramisu is still the greatest! Thanks for caring and for keeping your promises! Great vibes!All I have to say is that Maria is a doll.  Super friendly, and knows how to treat her customers right.
I came here with my friend as a post-dinner, pre-comedy show guy's night out.  It was close to closing time, and the quaint business was empty on this Black Friday night, but we were allowed to come in and relax. 
I had the eggnog latte which is a holiday-only special.  One shot of espresso was enough.  What a treat!  There was just enough of a mix of the coffee and eggnog to savor both.  My friend's espresso was also perfect.  They were so good we ended up getting a second one each.
The business sells coffee, chocolates, pastries, and has a few tables set up to enjoy your purchases.  
Maria was pleasant to talk with as she was getting the business ready to close for the night.  She said the business was jumping with lines out the door most of the day, so we must have hit it at the right time this night.
Maria said she works most days, so ask for her when you get your daily coffee or pastries.  You won't be disappointed with anything at Anthony's Italian Coffee House and Chocolate House.   I'm glad we came in.I stop by Anthony's a few times a week to grab a coffee before work.  I get iced coffee no matter the weather and Anthony's puts coffee cubes in theirs, so my much-needed caffeinated beverage still tastes more like coffee than water even if I nurse it for hours.  
Also, if I have a few extra minutes in the morning or can slip away at lunch, their breakfast sammies and their paninis are bangin. For real - I work with some incredibly picky teenagers, but if I ever bring food from Anthony's, all of them want a bite.Pretty good chocolates in a tiny store in the Italian market that also carries some Italian candies and gelato. Price is kinda high in my opinion but I enjoy the chocolate covered strawberries.This is my standard coffee stop when I'm in South Philly.  There's a charm to this place that beats most Center City coffee houses; hanging around with a beverage, a cookie, or a pastry is mandatory.  Although I usually keep it basic, they've got a nice selection of treats.  Anthony's garners my first fifth star on Yelp for great basics, outstanding South Philly coffee house character, the hang-out factor, and people-watching in the diversifying Italian Market area.This is undoubtedly my favorite coffee shop in the city. Although it's a bit far from me, I will head right to this neighborhood to get my fix!
The Venetian Roast, the Double Espresso, and the Caffe Latte are absolutely scrumptious. There is something so full and flavorful about the coffee here that always puts a smile on my face. Paired with an Almond Biscotti, it's the perfect way to satisfy a sweet tooth craving.
I could easily spend hours here, and I have, with a pile of papers to grade or the right company. Although there is not a huge amount of seating, people usually come and go pretty quickly. I love to take the window spot in the corner and let the day run by.
With quick and friendly service, the perfect brew, and a sunny and bright ambiance, this place is the total package, in my opinion. You should definitely stop in as part of any visit to the Italian Market.Ok so if you don't get your coffee here, there's something wrong with you.  The baristas are amazing- they make everything catered perfectly to your taste- killinCan't go wrong with a cannoli, cookie, and a fine panini for lunch.  Best weekend spot in Philly.Love the vibe of this classic coffee place, I felt like I was in Italy when I walked in! Very charming and clean presentation- all of the chocolates look and taste amazing!
My favorite? The Chocolate Pizzelles! Doesn't get any better than that.
The gelato was excellent as well. Homemade and the texture was perfect.
If the staff is reading this at any point, my family is the one that strolled in at the last minute on Labor Day....I AM SO SORRY! Thanks for your kindness and excellent service regardless. We'll be back!Came here on a Friday afternoon around 3 PM and it was the perfect vibe for a nice afternoon coffee. My friend and I both got a small coffee and a cannoli, both of which were fantastic.
For the cannoli, they have just the shells on display and fill it up with the ricotta upon ordering, so you know it comes fresh! The cannoli has little chocolate chips inside and the ricotta isn't overly sweet, all things that I look for in a good cannoli. The staff all seemed super nice, and it was a great local vibe. Also, the coffee was high quality. Couldn't ask for anything more! Would recommend as a cute little Italian cafe to read a book in or catch up with friends.Whenever I have a doctor's appointment in Philly (yes, the doctors of South Jersey leave much to be desired)  I always make it a point to stop in at Anthony's for a canoli and cappuccino for breakfast.  Many years ago I dated a very handsome Sicillian boy... had the loveliest eyes and long eye lashes, not to mention the perfect nose of an Apollo statue.  His name was Antonio.  Every time I come here I reminisce of a love that sadly was just never meant to be.  Among other things, Antonio taught me the joys of pastry for breakfast.Quaint little Italian cafe/shop. Just happened to be in the neighborhood and originally was planning on going to paesanos II but we ended up here instead and we were happy about that. We got the tré ché and the grilled veggie paninis. Both came w a small balsamic salad. Everything was really good. We loved our sandwiches. Glad we went.Cute little cozy coffee house. Good latte had the harvest latte...kids loved the hot chocolate, plus they made it warm enough to drink!!!Oh my goodness. Today Provenance Companies brought Detroit Antique & Props some sweet treats from here. Various chocolate pretzels they were the best I have ever had. My only regret, I shared them with everyone , now they are gone.
Going to for sure call and order more !I really love the coffee I bought from here but I would never drink it in the store.
I make espresso at home and I love it.  I have a pretty nice burr grinder and a decent machine so I like to think I have a vague idea of how it should be made and served.  What I saw at Anthony's was an assault on coffee.  
I ordered a double espresso and I got a 12oz cup that was half filled.  A double espresso should be 2-2.25 oz.  I got served a cup of black water.  It tasted awful and I poured it out.
I do think the Palermo Espresso is really nice.  I took it home and made it and it's wonderful.  I think it's a shame that their wonderful coffee is being misrepresented.If you're one of these philly dopes who thinks that wawa "hoagies" are the best thing ever (or even edible), then you probably won't like Anthony's panini. 
Why?
They use good meats and cheeses and vegetables that don't look and taste like plastic replicas. 
The coffee is excellent, the sandwiches are incredible and the deserts are really good. 
There's not a huge seating area, but the outdoor seats are nice.Always a treat coming here - service is top-notch, the coffee is fantastic, and the breakfast sandwiches are tasty AF. I would highly recommend coming here if you're in the area, not only for the food/drink, but also for the awesome service (seriously, everyone who works here is incredibly nice). The iced coffee is indeed made with coffee ice cubes, and the coffee beans have become a staple in our household (sometimes we even ship them across the country per the request of friends and family). I try to stay away from the Chocolate House because I will go broke buying treats, but everything I've tried thus far has been incredible. Definitely a stand out establishment in the Italian Market.They had some amazing looking chocolates - but we walked in for the Gelato alone. We got mint chip. It was good, but not great.Love this coffee house !!!!!!addicted to their italian market reserve coffee.  Makes my morning so much better.Yes! Yes! Oh, yes! I bring everyone who visits to Anthony's for a latte and a cannoli. I have tried many cannolis while living in Philly and they have the best one, hands down. The place is super cute, prices are decent, and the staff is nice. I really like it here waaaay too much.stop by for a chocolate treat if you're doing some shopping in the Italian markets of 9th street!!
they have a variety of chocolate pieces here including chocolate turtles, chocolate covered toffee, & chocolate pretzels BUT after scanning the casess we only wanted to try one thing!
---CHOCOLATE COVERED FIG STUFFED W/ ALMONDS: pretty good... how can you go wrong w/ that unique 3 ingredient combo?! each one costs $1.50
can't speak for the other chocolate varieties but where else can you get a chocolate covered fig stuffed w/ almonds?!I stopped at Anthony's for an iced coffee before hitting the produce stands at the Italian Market. It was my first time at Anthony's and it did not disappoint. A large iced coffee was under $3, which is very reasonable for Philadelphia. It was delicious. There were frozen coffee cubes in my drink, which replaced typical ice cubes that water down your coffee. A nice touch. I will definitely return during my regular trips to the Italian Market. The atmosphere of the cafe seemed nice as well. I may sit and enjoy my coffee or try a food item next time.Their coffee is really good and they always have the cutest cookies around the holidays! It's nice to come in and hear italian pop and opera sometimes over good coffee. The cashiers/baristas are friendly and I always see someone I know from growing up, which is good for catching up but bad for if i have to go to work. I have yet to have their gelato but I have my heart set on trying their olive oil flavor!I have to reply to Leah T. I was in the coffee shop on x-mas eve with my family and we were appalled at what we saw. A buffet of food in the middle of the coffee shop? Really? In short, this was a classless act. But to top it all off, you have the gall to post the message below? That is icing on the cake. I live around the corner from Anthonys and shop there everyday. I have never had a complaint. I never check reviews on Yelp but came here out of curiosity. This is simply ashame. To everyone who reads Leah Ts review below, please ignore her. Clearly this is a case of a "gavone gone wild". No class Lower Merion! Shame on you.Very nice coffee shop in the heart of the Italian market.  Bought pastries from their store next door and brought them over at the coffee shop.  I ordered the hot chocolate which was delicious. The chocolate covered almond turtle was to die for.  Worth every calorie.Absolutely love stopping by Anthony's when making a trip over to the Italian Market. The iced coffee has actual coffee ice cubes in it AND their croissant breakfast sandwiches are not to be missed. (Get in before 11am that's when they start serving lunch.)
They have specialty drinks as well, my boyfriend always opts for the peanut butter hot chocolate.Good treats and coffee at the register with a nice and efficient staff, good to stop in while you are perusing the Italian market.After eating at Sabrina's Cafe we stopped in Anthony's to get some iced coffee. The coffee was very good. I like the non-pretentious ambiance of this place. It's old school (I know that word gets over-used but it's true).  I hope places such as Anthony's in the Italian Market area continue to thrive. We will be back, next time we will pull up a seat and stay for a little while.3.5 stars.
Three stars for the decent cappuccino I drank, and the decent Americano Moms had.
Three stars for the extra-crunchy sfogliatelle with an almondy ricotta filling, which Moms and I split to refuel after a long morning of wandering the Italian market.
Three stars for the cozy little fireplace-y ambiance.  It's probably been the same since Anthony's opened in the late 1930s (their longevity's gotta say something about 'em).
Infinity stars for the five, middle-aged, über-Italian cousins -- with names like Rocky and Ant'ony, natch -- in town for a big family reunion.  They charmed the heck out of Moms and me as we all enjoyed a communal cuppa on a cold, gray March morning.I came here with a friend on a Saturday afternoon. I tried two flavors of gelato - the tiramisu and pistachio - before settling on the pistachio. The tiramisu tasted a bit artificial to me, but the pistachio gelato was amazing. My friend got "Chocolate Covered Peanut Butter" - which turned out to be a chocolate-covered peanut butter and graham cracker sandwich-type thing. She said it was amazing!
I definitely plan to come back and try some of the other chocolates and baked goods - truffles, chocolate covered pretzels, traditional Italian cookies, and more!I have been here before whenever I visit the Italian market. It was bustling with people from the Italian market Festival, but, I still managed to find a table and sit while I sipped my coffee. Friendly baristas,  Qucik service. Great coffee! They sell Italian cookies, pastries as well as coffee beans. I had an espresso macchiato, which is 2 shots of espresso and foam. I asked for extra foam and they gave it to me. The pastries look wonderful and go great with your coffee, but, I had to pass due to my pre-diabetes. I will come back again when I am in neighborhood visiting, shopping in Italian Market. Such a cute spot. Word of warning: bathroom is in basement, watch your head when walking down the narrow staircase! I shall be back!The Gavone! Egg, bacon, prosciutto, peppers, spinach on a croissant! It is my favorite! Th paninis are amazing.  Then all the flavored coffee Drinks! 
I noticed they make gift baskets of theirs stuff...I definitely need to get one as a gift or maybe just for me.Excellent service and fantastic paninis. When at the Italian market, don't miss them.Perhaps I got some bad baristas, but this was pretty awful. I asked for an americano and the barista  filled a 20oz cup to the brim with water and almost poured the shots on it before I stopped her. This may be preferential for some ---  but espresso shots also shouldn't take under 15 seconds to pour (should be 27-30!!!). Watery shots along with way too much water in your Americano... Maybe should have just ordered a hot water.They pack a hell of a lot into this small store (but do have the ice cream/chocolate house separately next door).  Just as Claudio's can be seen as a one stop shop in the Italian Market for cheese, meat, and cooking supplies Anthony's should be seen as a go-to place for a variety of ready to eat goods.  A perfect place to stop in Italian Market that will please pretty much anyone.
I usually stop here for a hot drink and something small to bite.  Details:
- Espresso and cannoli - solid.  Is there better espresso in the city?  Probably.  Is there better cannoli in the city? Yes (Termini).  Can you get better quality under one roof?  Nope.
- Sfogliatelle - Crispy, pull apart pastry with a gooey ricotta interior.  Awesome. Get this.
- Specialty coffee drinks - wide selection, sometimes pandering to seasonality or silly things like "Red velvet lattes".  But someone buys them.
- Paninis - Absolutely incredible.  The best panini I've ever had.  Solid meats, and excellent thin, crispy focaccia.  THE BEST.
They also sell coffee beans, gelato, all sort of other things I intend to try at later dates.  Service is fine if not a bit slow, but you're there to relax anyway so...relax.I really think that this is one of the most under-rated coffee shops in Philly. I'm far from a java afficiando but you like what you like. The house-brew coffee is some of the best around and they have the most amazing biscottis. And cannolis, too, whose shells come from either Isgro's or Termini Bros ((can't remember, think it's Isgro's). Anthony's is located on the north end of the market, and this is undoubtedly the nicest, busiest section of the strip. They also have sidewalk gelato service in the summer!What's not to like about a place that has peanut butter hot chocolate? It's the perfect thing to warm up your insides in the winter. In the warmer months, they have delicious, refreshing Italian soda. The girls who work there are very sweet and the line (if there is one) always moves quickly. It can get a little crowded inside, so I wouldn't suggest lingering for too long. Oh, and did I mention peanut butter hot chocolate? I can't really mention it enough. It's pretty amazing.i was recently in the italian market doing some errands, when i happened across this small candy store adjacent to the coffee house by the same name.  this store is very small but had exactly what i was looking for - a caramel apple. i bought one rolled in salted peanuts; the price was a very reasonable 7usd.  
the caramel apple was perfect. it combined all of the right textures and flavors - crisp, tart green apple with buttery, sweet caramel and salty, crunchy peanuts. the size of the apple was more than enough for 3 or 4 people to share; however, i ended up cutting daily portions and storing it in the fridge. by the last day (4 or 5 days from first cutting into it), the caramel had started to get runny, and the apple was at the point of needing to be entirely consumed. therefore, i'd recommend buying the apple and eating it more quickly or buying it and sharing with friends.
nota bene: you must spend 5usd to use your credit card.We took a gelato from the cart outside.  I've never had such an odd ice cream in my life - crunchy crystals that crumbled (?) rather than smoothed.  Huh? 
Having said that, people seemed to enjoy the coffee, so if that's what you want, maybe that is a better choice.  Or, you can simply walk up-town to La Colombe or Spruce Street Espresso.Just visited Anthony's chocolate house and must say it was some of the best food I ate on my trip.  When we walked in we got a warm welcome and were treated like friends, not customers.  I bought chocolate covered pretzels for my young son and a selection of pastries for my drive back to NYC.  Everything was amazing! So delicious.  Highly recommend it to anyone taking a trip to philly.Yum. Yum. Mocha was amazing. Canolli was light, crispy outside, soft fluffy inside. The place was cute. Staff considerate. 
Its just as good a feeling as love in there.I'm a man of simple tastes. Good coffee, good light, a friendly atmosphere. You have these things, you have my loyalty. Anthony's house roast is excellent and their pastries are well above par. In fact, as much as I love the Italian Market, I've had surprisingly bad luck when it comes to pastries and sweets in the area. I made trek down to Sarcone's, having caught wind of their legendary deli case of cakes and cookies, but found myself feeling disappointed. In my wandering around the Market, Anthony's pastries are by far the best. The muffins, in particular, pack a punch. 
If I were lucky enough to find a seat here one sunny afternoon, maybe even in the window, I could see myself spending an hour or two here with a good book. That would be bliss. The only problem: in the Italian Market, in a small place like Anthony's, tables and chairs aren't easy to come by. Being as its on the north end of the 9th street Market, however, it's a great first stop on a journey through stores and vendors. Grab a coffee and explore. That might be a new life motto.Upgrade time.
After having spent enough time here sipping coffee I can give a thumbs up to their Venetian Roast.  It's dark without being bitter and it's consistent.
I also had a very positive interaction with the owner and I think it shows that he and his staff care about their product and the experience that a customer has.  This speaks volumes about an establishment.
Nicely done.I had a really good hazelnut hot chocolate here that actually had pieces of hazelnut in it. The hot chocolate was flavored like hazelnut too but still had actual nut pieces which was a nice touch.
My wife and I also ordered a cannoli for 3 bucks and thought it was one of the best cannolis we've ever had. It wasn't super sweet, and the cream inside was made perfectly, not too thick, not falling off and just fluffy but also still creamy enough and had a great taste.
Nice enough service, somewhat arrogant crowd. 
Right next to italian market? We will definitely be back.How has no one Yelped this little slice of heaven that would make Willy Wonka drool?  
Moms and I popped into Anthony's Chocolate House during our Italian Market jaunt.  I don't know too many people who can walk by a store front FULL of chocolate candies and *not* go in.  Moms and I sure aren't resisters.  
The girl behind the counter was a complete hoot with her thick Philadelphia accent and mad marketing skills.  She was full of information about how Anthony's makes its chocolates, where the ingredients come from, and sold their homemade gelato like a Wharton grad.  When I exclaimed over the Caramel Popcorn flavor, she whipped out a mini-spoon and was ready with a sample.  It tasted *exactly* like caramel popcorn and had a creamy-icy mouthfeel I very much enjoyed.  Moms sampled the S'mores.  Then I exclaimed over the Blood Orange sorbetto and again, Wharton produced a sample fast as lightning.  I'll bet if I went down the line exclaiming over every flavor, I would have gotten a mini-spoonful of each.
Since it was 40 degrees out, Moms and I eventually settled on chocolate instead.  Moms is a turtle fanatic, so she picked out a pecan and caramel turtle.  I selected an almond toffee bark, and Wharton generously slipped in two pieces.  Both were excellent.  The chocolate was smooth, the caramel perfectly chewy, and the toffee started out crunchy and then turned sticky as I chewed.  
Next time I'm in town I'm headed back for those amazing looking designer caramel apples.  Or maybe the party bag of assorted chocolate covered pretzels.  Or maybe the sorbetto.  Or maybe......I love Anthony's! The breakfast sandwiches are delicious and a generous portion.  
I typically get a vanilla latte, but it is always delicious.   I have sat inside, outside, and gotten my drink to go.  The tables outside are great for people watching in the market.When I passed by Anthony's Chocolate House, the name was calling the chocolate lover in me to go in. This chocolate house is tiny, but there's enough space for a decent variety of chocolate goodies. I settled on trying out some truffles, but sadly they did not leave any impression. The truffles were just all right. For 90 cents a piece, they were not a bad deal, but I still prefer Lore's truffles for the same price range. Perhaps this place is better for its other chocolate selections, but it's doubtful that I will come back to try them.I had dinner around the area with my friends. We were searching for a dessert place after dinner and stumbled upon this cute little cafe. I ordered a cup of hot apple cider and a piece of tiramisu. Their tiramisu was truly divine and delish! It is was perfect-not overbearingly cream filled or sweet. The waitresses were very friendly and the atmosphere takes me back to Italy. (or what I imagine it to be since I've never been there)Not bad. The decor is such that I wouldn't bring anyone here to actually sit down. As for the coffee though, I expected it to be kind of bad based on the heavy branding in the shop, but to my surprise it really was quite good.Nice little shop, with friendly staff. We got the rose petal gelato, which was very nice, and the chocolate covered bacon, which was nothing special. The gelato flavors were very varied and interesting, and I would definetly be interested in coming back and trying more flavors.Cannot express how much I love Philadelphia's Italian Market and I feel the same way about Anthony's Italian Coffee House and Chocolate House!  It is amazing!  First of all we started with an assortment of coffees and breakfast sandwiches.  Coffees are made to order as was our food.  We went outside to sit and wait at their cafe tables.  The coffees were delicious - strong and piping hot.  The breakfast paninis were large and filling.  I purchased some of their coffee to take home and after we explored more of the Italian Market we returned for gelato - which was fabulous!  I will certainly stop back again anytime I am in Philadelphia.Very good gelato. But they had no ice. If that wasn't the weirdest thing. And she said the Owner would not buy a new machine. Ok, I get it. Na, I don't.If you can afford it, you should try it.  They have caramel/chocolate covered apples that are coated with a kids dream: oreos,  chocolate morsels, peanut butter. . . .
They also have the best little chocolate delicacies (let me note here that this place is as large as....something very....small). They have chocolate-covered everything you can images (smore's, oreo's, graham's, bars of caramel.)
PRO HINT: Before heading to the movie theater, grab a bag of their chocolate covered popcorn. It's like your movie popcorn and your M&M's are having a party in your mouth and you're invited.Three Words: Coffee Ice Cubes
Seriously, nobody in Philly has thought of this yet? Why?
This place is my go-to weekend spot for iced coffee. I don't even care that the large is $2.50 because it's that good. Service is always friendly and fast, plus I'm close to getting 10 punches on my coffee card!!!!! I like sitting outdoors more than inside because it's a little cramped for a guy my size, but I'm not going to knock them for that!Quick and friendly service, fresh coffee, and tasty pastries! Great stop along the Italian Market for a quick bite to eat or coffee drink. I have had their breakfast sandwiches before and was so impressed with the size of it for the value. A croissant with egg and cheese and a medium iced coffee was only $6! I find that to be a steal in the city because this was not just any cup of coffee. It was fresh and delicious!  
They also have a large selection of Italian pastries and about 90% of them are made in-house! It's worth the splurge of extra calories - you deserve it.I love this coffee!  We happened upon Anthony's on a trip up to the Italian Market and just stopped in.  What a discovery!  I just placed my first order online and can't wait for our shipment.Lemoncello Gelato is AMAZING. (Yes, that's how they spell it, I realize that it should be spelled Limoncello). 
Well worth the 20 minute drive around the block several times and the 4 block walk after we finally found a parking spot. Now I know why we walked everywhere when we lived in Philly!
Truffles (per my niece's tastebuds) were good and nicely sized (instead of these HUGE ones you normally see).
Other niece said the chocolate covered strawberries were good.
Again...try the lemoncello gelato - it will change your life.We always stop here every time we come to the Italian Market. It smells so wonderful inside, and the coffee tastes equally as delicious. The prices are very fair compared to a lot of other coffeehouses in the city.Nice strong coffee. I really liked the smell and quality of their coffee. 
I think my fave was this lemony cake thing inside flaky pastry!Great tasting coffee!
Me and my wife stopped here during the Italian Festival for her to get a cup of coffee. I bought my wife a cup and she got a latte and it was Palermo espresso coffee ground. She didn't even need to put sugar in it. She asked me to take a sip and I was also impressed. This is a good place to get good coffee. We are looking forward to trying out their chocolate shop right next door.Great place.  I get ground coffee from here every week and stop in often for a cup on my way to the market on the weekends.  Certain staff members can be a little "prickly", but most are pleasant and quick. Although, I might be a little agitated if I was working a prime weekend shift too.
Be warned that after Sunday mass and at prime market tourist hours, this small shop can become a torture chamber for someone trying to pop in for a cup. People don't know what they want, have forgotten how to read, and lost any sense of the few manners they've ever had.  And when it's very cold outside, these people will surely forget how to close the door.  In summary, it gets a little tense in there when it's busy, but that's certainly not the establishment's fault.
Crowding aside, I love Anthony's.  The canolis are heavenly and the several other baked treats I've tried have been delish.  Iced coffee has frozen coffee cubes instead of regular ice.  Your cool, creamy treat never gets watered down and in fact gets stronger.  Tackle that summer day!