Hands down best breakfast in Philly!  I've only been here for four months, but I have tried nearly every "Best of" spot in town.  I'm a breakfast fanatic so I get little over critical.  However, this small cafe has managed to create incredible flavor while keeping their dishes fresh and simplistic.  While the actual space is "cozy," this menu could easily keep a place as big as Parc overflowing with patrons.The atmosphere was nice and small. Very busy for brunch, expect at least a 30-45 minute wait. I recommend the spinach, caramelized onion and goat cheese omelet, but request a little less goat cheese. (this one was way too much, would have been better with 1/2 the amount).  Oh and the fruit was served perfectly ripe. Cash only.You know when you go to place, have an ok meal and then you forget it exists? That is Ants Pants Cafe: forgetable. 
I don't know why I forgot Ants Pants the first time. I think I enjoyed my food and the service was fine. I think it was that Ants Pants was merely unexceptional. 
Today, a friend suggested Ants Pants. I thought, "Oh yeah. That place." We wandered over from my job and had a very late brunch. I had two eggs and my friend had a salad. Both plates were good, but nothing struck a chord. There should be something you tell your friends with relish or with venom. There should be something that sticks out about a place. The atmosphere at Ants Pants wreaks of BLAH. 
I can say that whoever designed Ants Pants is a genius of spatial planning. For a place so small , they smanage to fit 24 seats well enough. But should seating charts spring to mind for where you go for brunch? 
No. Very Blah.My favorite local go-to place for yummy grub.  Ants Pants has not disappointed me yet! Food is always delicious and price is good. Love, love their shoe string fries! Salads are fresh and sandwiches are fancy. I give it 4 stars because they do not accept credit cards; it is cash only and they do have an ATM machine.The food is quite good (and at a lower price than other, similar popular brunch spots in philly). The stuffed french toast, smoothies, and fries were all delicious. The wait is usually a bit long b/c seating is very limited.Went for brunch this past Sunday. The hostess was very nice and efficient, offering us coffee and letting us know how long the wait would be.  Unfortunately, the wait for a table is WAY TOO LONG, and then the wait for service is WORSE.  We got there a little after 10:30 am, and the waitress said the wait would be about a half hour.  So we waited outside.  She was very nice, giving us coffee and refills while we waited.  After about 30 minutes, she asked us to stand inside the restaurant, saying it would speed-up seating. We then waited another 15 minutes.  We finally sat down at a table, and ordered our food.  Our food did not arrive until noon!  I had the bacon stack, which was tasty.  Unfortunately, I need to agree with other reviewers--the food does not justify the wait.Seriously Ants Pants?  It's time to step up your game.  I've loved you for a long time but recently the quality and consistency seems to have slid downhill.  Today's chicken/red pepper/avocado sammy was an embarrassment. Smearing a rotten avocado all over my baguette?  Did you think I wouldn't notice?  Wilted lettuce for the salad?  FOR 9$?  
Also,when I order a bagel sandwich to-go, if you could do more than throw the thing in a paper bag (wrap it in foil?)  that would be great.  
The details count.  Don't make me break up with you for good!Brunch was solid. I got the Stack, friends got French Toast w/ Brie cheese. Coffee was good, wait time was minimal and service was great. Highly recommended.We had the Italian sausage sweet potato hash, the beef sweet potato hash and the Brie stuffed French toast. It was amazing and I am now swimming in a glorious food coma. I will come back here over and over again. It's packed and a little loud in here, but I would expect that from an awesome brunch place. Just be prepared to wait 15-20 mins for your table on a Saturday/Sunday.had brunch with two friends one weekend day. one of the diners chose ant's pants. i've walked by this establishment on the way to work and didn't realize how cramped and small it is until i came for brunch. even though we arrived at like 9am (or some relatively early time), the place was packed - both in terms of seated and waiting diners. the layout of the place isn't the best; there's a long, narrow walkway to get to the seating area, in which those waiting for a seat are standing and those trying to pay a bill are waiting near the cashier. it can be hard to maneuver without accidentally bumping into someone. 
the food was ok. i got an omelet with veggies and cheese with a side of fruit. it was pretty standard - nothing that blew my mind. the fruit was a little wimpy in terms of size and taste but it got the job done.  price was reasonable - i don't remember being shocked at my portion of the bill.
nota bene: your party won't be seated until everyone arrives. this makes perfect sense because this restaurant is incredibly busy and needs to turn over tables quickly.The food is always amazing here! That's really all I have to say. Creative, delicious sandwiches, wonderful fries. Nice service. Do visit, prepare to wait, but it's worth it.Oh Ants Pants, you are the sunshine of our neighborhood.  Even though the selection of food isn't very vast, everything I've touched on the menu (which I'm pretty sure is all of it) is very, very good in a homemade meal way.  The staff is the greatest... from Paul to Teresa, to the owner herself.  They make you feel at home and never rushed.  They aren't afraid to voice their opinions on what is especially good that day, and take the time to small chat without seeming obligated.  There's a cute outdoor area in the back, and it's fairly easy to grab and go if that's your intention.  Beware that the place is small, but crowds seem to get in and out fairly quickly... mainly because the food comes out fast; hard to believe when only cooking on a couple burners and a toaster over.  The name Ants Pants can translate into The Bee's Knees in the US... I'm not really sure how either reference came into play, but it stands true at Ants Pants.  You'll end up being happy for half the day after eating here, and might meet some new friends along the way.
Note: get the bacon stack, and any soup special they have.every time I am in here, I'm amazed at how rude the cashier is and how indifferent the servers are. food is overpriced. menu is not exciting or original.Long waits for our table/menus/food/the bill, plus tim-tams missing from the menu made the beautiful Sunday spent in the back courtyard at Ants Pants a little lackluster. Up your game!Ants Pants puts a bit of a spin on Brunching in Philly. I'm used to doing brunch in places where eggs and cheese and breakfast meats and sweet treats like french toast over flow on your plate. 
It's not that the servings at Ants Pants are skimpy, far from it, but I don't leave there feeling like I overdid it or won't eat again for days. I also love that some of the menu items are slightly unusual or interesting. My favorite is the bacon stack; (which gets a thumbs up just in name alone), a delicious piece of thick toasted bread topped with a fried egg, bacon. arugula and shaved pecorino. This tastes like something my Mom used to make for us when we were little, it was late Spring and the garden had started to produce the yummiest greens I've ever eaten.   
The other nice thing about Ants Pants is that it is easy walking distance from center city, but far enough west that you will be able to find parking on Sunday morning. Be prepared to wait though, Ant's Pants is far from its days as a hidden gem.This is my husband's favorite brunch place. It's hard to get him to go anywhere else! Their yogurt parfait is the absolute best in the city. Their specials are always creative, and on point. Food is consistently delicious. The thing I love most about Ants Pants is the portioning of the food. Some brunch places give you nonsensical portions, and I always feel bad, because I feel like I'm wasting food. Ants Pants gives you very reasonable portions. We always have the same server, and he is super sweet and attentive, even when he's the only one there!Was there today morning. Awesome place! Cosy atmosphere, tasty food, huge portions and affordable pricing! Also the coffee there is pretty good. Got very tasty cappuccino for $3.5.Best breakfast in graduate hospital area! I would give it 6 stars if I could. The male waiter that is always there is awesome! The menu has so many delicious options you can switch it up every time you go and never be disappointed. They have fresh squeezed juices that are so yummy you must try. And it's byob don't forget!Nearby our place which is convenient. I am not sure how the breakfast daily operations work but it may be a better time to go. First of all cash only. We went for brunch and sat in the outdoor patio. Was not sure the whole time who our waiter was. Long wait from order to food order. My omelette was great and and full of protein but my wife's egg sandwich was something left to be desired. Very hard bun with little flavor. Maybe she got the wrong thing so we will likely come back to get different plates. Have heard great things about this place but did not live up to the hype this time.I came to visit Philadelphia with my boyfriend on a cute little weekend trip and this was such an adorable brunch spot! There was a wait but the food made the wait worth it! Unfortunately the space inside is quite small when they have a full house so even when we sat down we felt very clustered. They have a garden area in the back that looks really cute too.  
The food portion was definitely generous. I love their hand cut chip fries, seasoned and fried really nicely. The salmon eggs Benedict were also very good, the eggs were poached perfectly.Most of the seating for this Australian-themed brunch place is tucked behind the kitchen, so I wasn't impressed when first I walked in.  There is window bar-style seating which is kind of diner-ish.  Once seated, however, I loved the warm, simple IKEA-esque decor and the friendly but not fussy staff.
The quality of the ingredients is excellent and healthy (i.e. unprocessed).  I recommend the egg dishes for breakfast.  Ants Pants is only open until 4pm, but they do breakfast and lunch very well.  The clientele seemed nice, too, some people studying, some families.  The menu is unique but simple, complete with Australian touches like regional slang and trivia about koala bears (they are marsupials, NOT bears!).
Free internet with password, which I couldn't get to work.  Cash only; parking is probably not fabulous for those not within walking distance, but this is Philly, so I think most places are within walking distance.  
They're crowded on the weekends with the slept-in-after-a-fun-evening set, lots of young couples and very congenial.  Lunch items are mostly salads and sandwiches, but with some Australian touches I'd never heard of.
The guy next to me was so excited about how good his freshly-squeezed orange juice tasted that he exclaimed "This makes my week!"  
Mine too.  Oh, and you can get food to go, or as the Aussies say, "take away."Great ambiance, delectable food, friendly staff! The menu was incredibly creative and paired together flavors I would not otherwise think of.  The portions were large but not monstrous, and you could tell they valued quality over quantity.  My only complaint is that the food is slightly overpriced (my omelette was $9.50), but I suppose that's to be expected when dining in a city.I will say this: it's a bit of a turnoff when a waitress starts out service with a warning of food that they currently don't have on the menu -- and then goes on to rattle off more dishes than I can keep track of.  Came here recently at around 7pm on a Sunday night, and I suppose they were running out of supplies at the end of the week. 
THAT ASIDE, this meal was delish. My favorite from the evening was the Sweet Potato Hash with bacon, sausage and  the de rigueur fried egg. Also had some sort of brussel sprouts dish with crispy shallots and pecorino romano (also really tasty). 
I've had brunch here before, but this was my first time in for dinner. Looking forward to coming back and having more of the menu!A great little eatery. Creative menu with lots of comfort food. Very friendly staff. I loved the Italian sausage hash. The orange juice was way too thick, but the owner was quick to apologize and take responsibility for buying a bad batch of oranges. Overall, a very good brunch dining experience.Went back couple weeks ago, OK OK..one -star up..see inklings of improvements. Our nice Waiter who recognized us -asked if we were ordering our favorite Aussie drink, it was a bit Cold..but thought that was nice little personable touch..
Our food came out nice, no mishaps, nothing burnt.I do see that now, the check comes with actual prices on them, instead of before  when you were rung up, nothing on receipt, cashier would just ring it up based codes . I was always skeptical about that.. I like it much better. So signs of improvement I must say..keep at it!!! Who knows, & now they have a Dinner menu..WOW!!! extended hours..Hmmmm.might have to check that out.After a fun night out, my friends and I were in need of some serious brunch the next morning. I stop in to Ants Pants every so often for coffee but have gotten brunch here twice. I thought it would be the perfect place for us to get our fix!
We arrived around 11 am on a Friday morning, trying to beat the afternoon rush and were seated right away. Our server was great, explained the menu and what they're most known for, and immediately brought us over coffee, water, and OJ (the fresh squeezed juices here are amazing!). We were all craving something savory, although I've had the pancakes here in the past and as a brunch enthusiast, I can assure you they are some of the best in the city. 
I ended up ordering the Eggs Benedict. The hollandaise sauce was rich and tasty but not too overwhelming and the eggs were poached to perfection! My friends thoroughly enjoyed their maple bacon and croissant sandwiches as well. Ants Pants has easily become one of my go-to brunch places: reasonably priced, wonderful service, amazing food and coffee...what else do you need?!Ants Pants is an Australian-theme bruncheon cafe. It's small but it's supposed to resemble the charm of authentic Sydney foodery. The name "Ants Pants" is actually Australian slang. When an Aussie finds something to be totally awesome they say "It's the ants in the pants!" If you ever visit Sydney and say this, they will be pleased you've heard of it. 
All the food is fresh, tasty, and served piping hot. For such a cramped place with huge crowds, especially weekends and most the college kids from University City, who will have a difficult time now that the South St. bridge will be closed for years to come for a new bridge. So they will have to detour across Walnut to get to the Ants Pants but it's worth the hike. Even just the simple eggs and toast has a kick that really is the ants in the pants. The only Aussie-based foods that you'll find here are two items. 
1. Vegemite- a peanut butter-like spread that is used on mainly toast along with butter. Sometimes you'll find vegemite mixed with butter but a true Aussie puts puts butter first followed by the vegemite. 
2. Iced Coa Coa Milk- Basically it's a glass of chocolate milk but with ice and a scoop of sweet vanilla ice cream, close to a milk shake but presented differently and just as delicious, if not even better. 
Well there you have it! You won't leave with ants in your pants but you will leave with a satisfied grin.More like 3.5! Great place to grab brunch!
Strawberry milkshakes and espresso milkshakes are devious. I love that the whipped cream isn't overly sweet. The only negative is that I like my milkshakes less dairy and more of a burst of flavor and real strawberries.
Sweet potato fries are the bomb! You should definitely get them. I like the sweet chili sauce it comes with.
The ham, egg, and Brie on brioche toast was okay. It didn't blow my mind. The brioche toast was very dry.
The stack was decent. Bacon was very tasty!!!
Service is okay. Pretty casual. They seem very swamped on weekends.
I would definitely come back for brunch again.We came here for breakfast and had to wait a weirdly long time to get waited on, and then our food took forever to come, even though we were there early and the place wasn't very busy. And while this isn't relevant to my rating, it is important to note that this is a very family-friendly place. There were kids all over the place, and they were really loud. The restaurant is not large enough for how many families go there, so if you want a chill breakfast, I don't recommend! But if you're bringing kids to breakfast, it's perfect for that!Nice little cafe/restaurant on South. We sat in the front window ledge area, they have tables in back as well as a few seats outside in the back (too hot these days in the summer when it is 95+) and at least one table outside in the front typically.
Staff could not have been nicer, but at the same time not being in your business the whole time. My tea was just OK, but the wacky sounding hawaiian coffee with hazelnut was very good, better than it sounds.
We had the dill scrambled eggs with feta, which was OK but not great. Good quality, just not to our particular liking/taste. Also had the combo meal I think called the lot or something (scrambled eggs, bacon, french toast, etc.). Eggs were good but the bacon was incredible, probably the best I've had for breakfast in the city; not too crispy, the right amount of fat, etc.
Prices were pretty reasonable, the other patrons were pretty friendly, overall a nice time for breakfast without some crazy wait like you might get at some of the other brunch/breakfast places that have a rep in the city.
If you haven't been, give it a try, it is pretty good and the people are pretty nice all around.**want to clarify it wasn't the food that made him sick, he had the flu**
I've been here many times and always had a pleasant experience. However,  I went here over the weekend with my boyfriend. while we were there he started feeling very bad (he ended up having the flu). He tried using the bathroom but it was locked. He had to basically run from the back to the front of the restaurant to make it out the front door. He got sick right outside. He was extremely embarrassed but did not have any other options. A woman who worked there proceeded to walk out and yell at him as if he did it on purpose. He was so mortified that he just left. After a text from him, I asked for the check and headed to checkout. This is where I headed to the register to find the entire staff laughing at his expense. when I let them know that I was with him the woman ringing me up said- "well why didn't he try to go into the bathroom?" I let her know that it wasnt' available. Another girl even implied that he did it on purpose. I was then asked by my server "well I hope last night was fun, was it worth it?" - I let the entire staff know that he was not in fact, hungover, but actually quite sick. Although it was embarrassing for the both of us, and inconvenient for the restaurant, they are in the hospitality industry and probably shouldn't have yelled at one of their customers for being sick. They also shouldn't have assumed that he was drunk/hungover. And speaking about him infront of everyone, not knowing that I was with him was extremely rude.
I have always raved about this place. But i am so put off by their behavior over the weekend that I wont be returning and don't intend on ever telling anyone else to go here. while I do apologize to them for the unfortunate incident that happened at the restaurant, I do believe that their behavior was absolutely unacceptable.Not just another cafe.
First off, I've been here like a bazillion times, and that must say something for the place, huh?  Well of course I can crawl out of bed and walk there in a minute, but still.
It's across the street from the supermarket at 23rd and South Street, so yeah, there is little to no parking if you are driving there, especially on weekends.  
It's cozy inside, haha, yeah meaning its kinda small, but it works.  Counter seating in the front, some tables with bench seating in the middle, more counter seats in the rear, and then a patio with a few tables as well.  In warmer weather you can't beat the patio, but it fills up fast.
The menu is pretty good, something for most.  Things I get a lot are the creme brulee french toast, the dill scrambled eggs, and the egg, ham and brie sandwich (a gooey mess that's so worth it). Oh yeah almost forgot the smoked salmon BLT and the sweet potato fries, mmm.  
The staff is very friendly, even when this place is very busy.  This is key first thing in the morning when you just don't want to deal with shit!
Coffee, breakfast, brunch, whatever, this place fits right in!Whatever you do, get the sweet potato fries! Delicious!!
This place also has the best tofu scramble in town. It's actually spiced, and not just plain with some random veggies thrown in. The sandwiches are big, and the service is always nice. 
Cash only!One of my favorite breakfast/lunch spots in the city. Love eating in or calling ahead for pickup. Fun Australia vibe, unique spin on classic dishes. The sweet potato hash and the chicken bacon ranch sandwich are my favorites. The open faced Apple and Brie was outstanding too. I go here once every two weeks and don't see that stoping anytime soon.Cozy, affordable, nice staff, amazing coffee.
I had a salmon and bagel plate with a side of turkey bacon and a strong columbian coffee.  Everything was fresh, fast, and great.  Our server visited us every 5 minutes to make sure we were good and coffee topped off. Impressed how great the food was and how nice the staff was considering how cheap it is (most plates under $8).One of my favorite breakfast spots- dill scrambled eggs with smoked salmon and an iced chai latte - their staff is wonderful and I love the tucked away outdoor seating spaceI don't really have great things to say about Ants Pants, but I also don't have many bad things to say either.  It's just...forgettable.  
First, it's cash only, as are most places in this area.  The wait for brunch on the weekends is insane and in my opinion, not worth it.  You can probably make many of their menu items at home, and save yourself some money too.
While the decor is cute and my mom loved the granola and yogurt (which is near $7...highway robbery!), I'd suggest walking down the street to Honey's or Resurrection.  You might have to wait a bit longer, but it will be worth it.Love this place!  Been there for Sunday brunch many times and it's always delicious. The Stack is my go-to but have tried a few other things - all great.I was really excited to go to Ants Pants and I'll be back.  I was definitely not as impressed as I wanted to be.  I loved the clean aesthetic.  I loved the coffee and the sweet potato fries with chile sauce rock.  
I was saddened to see the manager snap at the new dishwasher.  I know that happens and people get stressed, but I just had a sense that entire staff was really busy and morale seemed low. The breakfast burrito I ordered lacked major flavor.
I will go back because I think it might have been an off day.I stop by here every morning for coffee, so good! There breakfast is really great too, Brie stuffed French toast and chocolate croissants are to die for. Wait staff is always very friendly. Can't say enough good things about this place.I had the special avocado eggs Benedict and it was delicious. It had a mashed avocado spread and bacon as opposed to a traditional eggs Benedict. It was very good and I recommend it. I also had the iced chocolate and it was delicious and refreshing. It tastes just like a chocolate milk with ice cream in it. I will definitely be back here again for brunch. Everyone was very friendly and it was a good experience.Cute neighborhood find where you can enjoy great coffee and good food.
Came here a few months ago with a friend for a weekday lunch but never got around to finish posting!
Ambiance: Cozy but small space so beware if you are trying to bring big groups. When it's warm the outdoor seating in the back is quite nice. Has the feel that you can just hang out and read during it's off-peak brunch/lunch hours, especially if you can snag that corner bench nook with some cushions!
Service: Our waiter was friendly and indulged us in some witty banter. I can see it getting a bit hectic when it's a full house.
Food: Mixed review with some pros and cons. Their scrambled eggs with apple and bacon were scrumptious! However, their creme brulee french toast was a bit dry for our likin'. But that's just our personal preference. Their fries were great! Something between a potato chip and a french fry, like a potato chip fry. Crispy but with some good fluffy potato substance. 
Drinks: Espresso drinks were well done. I'm obsessed with good froth in my cappuccino and this place hit the nail on the head.
Overall, I'll swing by again during a slow hour to enjoy a drink and maybe lunch with a friend or a good book.Keeping the review short - 
Ingredients - good quality, freshly made (except the fried stuff)
Service - attentive, by the one actual *server* (not the helpers)
Presentation - down he dump
Preparation - down the dump
Everyone's order was getting screwed up. Ours was as well; the hot stuff was cold, the cold stuff was warm. 
Was crowded - Sunday brunch. But they were open for the capacity.. Their issue.
I was disappointed, with their quality.
I assume this following bit - they might be a fantastic place when it's not this crowdedThis place is "cute" but a bit posey.  A lot of the clientle are suburban types that always wanted the "big city coffee shop" experience they grew up watching on Friends.  That makes for an annoying time.
Despite that, when you're not surrounded by the asshole customers, the food is very good for brunch.  The staff isn't up their own ass which you'd imagine they would be with customers telling them how awesome they are all the time. 
It is a shame when the crowd ruins an otherwise enjoyable time (see also mcglichey's)Great food and very lovely staff! I'd recommend any of the egg scrambles/omelets and the sweet potato hash bowl. Very god Australian coffee drinks as well. I MUCH prefer it to Honey's down the street. There can be long lines on Saturday and Sunday mornings, but if you get there early it's not usually a problem. In the warmer weather, there is a nice outdoor dining area at the back.Very philly style brunch. I tried the Benedict egg and my friend tried the sandwich. Both taste great. Best Benedict eggs ever I would say, especially the chef handled great temperature and times to cook the egg. One thing to improve is maybe to refine the sides a little bit? Like adding more optionsCame here for breakfast to meet up with my friend who lives in Graduate Hospital.  She recommended it as the Sidecar Cafe wasn't open yet and we were hungry.  
Pretty decent.   I got a cappicino which had an awesome design on it ( plain old foam is just not accepable apparently) and the spinach, goat cheese and carmelized onion omlette with a side of turkey bacon.  Their turkey bacon is pretty amazing because I feel a lot of places don't respect it and care to make it tasty.    
My boyfriend got a strawberry milkshake and the waffles with chocolate chips.  I love how this place is ok with making milkshakes so early and they don't even bat an eye when someone asks for one.   My friend got an egg dish, with coffee.  Pretty much everyone enjoyed their meal.  
The only downside is its a cash only business and they have a random ATM on site.Bit disappointed with the sandwiches here which were pretty expensive and sadly just didn't taste too great. The chicken sandwich came on dry bread that was falling apart and the honey maple turkey sounded like it had an interesting combination of ingredients but in the end seemed to just have a slightly bitter tasty gloop. I've made them sound pretty bad which is not exactly the case, but I wouldn't order either again.
As others have said, service wasn't exactly effusive but I was getting take out so it didn't really affect me. The wait was fairly long but not unreasonable. I did kind of funny to read all the bad reviews and stare at the servers trying to work out who was the offender - most of them seemed quite nice!This place truly is a great place for brunching. It's tiny though, so be forewarned, the possibility of a wait at brunch-o'clock is like 98%. The food they serve is fresh, and local when possible. The staff is freindly and the space (especially the outdoor part) is delightful. 
Upon our first venture out to AP we couldn't find it. Unless it's the time where you have to wait in line, it's pretty easy to miss this place. But once we drove around the block and rechecked the address...like 40 times. We finally found it. I'm glad we went to all the effort because it truly was a great time. I had the arugala, chili, goat cheese, egg scramble and we sat in the enclosed outdoor seating area. It was lovely and there weren't many people there (it was still early for a saturday).
Definitely will go back in the future and see if this experience holds up over time.We went here for a brunch, we really liked the food. The place is just a solid neighborhood brunch place, the service is fast, but little spacey. I always get the dill scrambled eggs with feta, it is off the hook. They have great coffee drinks, by the way their hand cut fries are a must order.
The only really annoying thing they push you to sit on their back counter which is nothing more than glorified IKEA shelf.We came in on a sunday morning at around 11 to a full house. We were seated after around a 15 minute wait and ordered two of the specials -the cinnamon streusel pancakes with cream cheese icing and the biscuits with chorizo gravy and poached egg- as well as the sweet potato fries and a cup of potato and bacon soup.
The soup was a little thin, but very tasty and not too salty. The sweet potato fries are a must get, and I loved the sauces that came with it. The pancakes were a little too sweet for my taste, but I also don't have much of a sweet tooth. The biscuits were great, but the egg whites were a bit runny.Was a small restaurant but the food was delicious and the wait staff was very friendly. I recommend going earlyAnts pants is a great little breakfast / brunch spot on the calm end of South Street.  There will usually be a wait on the weekendsand it can get a bit crowded when the weather is bad, because there is not much room inside for a waiting area, so people are just standing around beside your table waiting to be seated.  
The service was fast and friendly, and the decor was hip but homey.  The eggs benedict was really good, the salmon platter was large and tasty, and the dill scrambled eggs with dill and feta were pretty good too.
They also have decent coffee and an espresso maker, so I was pretty happy to be able to order a latte to drink while we waited for our food.   
Ants pants is cash only, and you pay diner style (at the cashier at the front) so if can be a bit of a pain to get the to cashier to pay your bill when it is crowded.I really enjoy this place for brunch. I love sitting out back in the nice weather...it feels like you are part of a little oasis. The omelettes and smoothies are great, as well as their lunch specials. I am a sucker for any place that has brie on anything, so I go here frequently.Came here after coffee tasting at Counter Culture Coffee on a Friday morning.  We had heard great things, and it was only a few blocks away.  It kind of felt like a hole-in-the-wall kind of place.  There was a shop front where you could order pastries and drinks to go, and in the back were tables and seats.  We were greeted by the one waiter who was running the restaurant at the time and he told us to sit anywhere.  It was relatively empty, but expected for a Friday morning. We took a table in the back.
After reading some recommendations and browsing through some photos, we ordered the sweet potato fries, the eggs benedict, and the sweet potato hash.  The food portions were huge, and we definitely didn't need to order the sweet potato fries.
The sweet potato fries were thin and crispy, lightly salted with large flecks of sea salt.  I love sweet potatoes but what really made the dish was the side of sour cream and sweet chili sauce-- a dip into the sour cream and then the chill sauce was this delicious combination of sweet, creamy, and salty all at the same time.  We ate half the bowl before we started to realize that our stomachs were getting full (the bowl was that big.), and decided we still needed to save some room for the main course.
I had the sweet potato and sausage hash and it was delicious.  The sunny side egg perfectly spilled all over the sweet potato and sausage and made this gooey, sticky sauce.  It was delicious.  The sweet potato was a good alternative to the traditional potato, lightening the dish, which was needed after being smothered in the heavy yolk and mayo sauce latticed on top.  Served with two slices of bacon, too.  Although I didn't try the eggs benedict, it looked really good as well.  The poached eggs were perfectly cooked and delicately spilled over the english muffin. 
Like I said, the portions were huge, and I could only finish half my dish.  We took the rest home to enjoy later.  One nuisance was that Ants Pants is cash only--but they do have an ATM in store.  Service was very attentive and friendly.  Great place for brunch if you're in the area.My gf and I decided to try this place since its walking distance from our apartment. We arrived around noon today (Sunday), so seating and service were both slow. Somewhat forgivable considering the situation, but don't tell us it will only be 10 minutes, and try not to let our coffee/water cups go empty for so long while waiting patiently for our food. The ambiance was nice and we weren't in a rush, so it's wasn't a huge problem.
She had the creme brulee french toast with a side of turkey bacon, and I went for the dill eggs with salmon. To be honest, they were both ok, but not as good as we expected considering some of the fawning reviews on here. The french toast was on the dry side, and I wasn't a fan of the sour cream side. My egg scramble was good but not great. The coffee was very good, and the baked goods looked tasty (although we didn't partake).
We were both a little disappointed because we were hoping this could be a regular brunch spot for us, and the staff was pretty friendly.I still Love this place, but it lost one star with me. This was our favorite oldy but goody brunch spots. We got seated in like 10-15 min. Ordered, saw our same waiter, but then after 15-20 min our food, didn't come out. Our water was room temperature, which didn't taste well, I had to ask for ice. Thank goodness we weren't in rush to get somewhere, Our food came out out bout 25-30 min later.We got typical, creme brulee french toast, bacon & "sweet pot. Fries" Do love them .After them, all seemed Ok, plus got the Aussie iced coffee(expresso) with milk & ice cream-Mmmmm-mmm good! Figure they having off day, but hope they fix it, too many brunch spots now, lose customers-slow ass service.After visiting a few more times, I really love this place. The Aussie drinks and every single brunch dish I've tried is awesome. One of my favorite dishes is the meat pie, but the specials always look amazing and so tempting. The drinks are fantastic and interesting as well, and the service is always friendly.My friend and I walked past this place one day and was recommended by a passerby to try this place. The wait was super long that day, so we didn't. We went back on a Saturday around 2pm and was seated right away, which was sweet. It is a regular coffee shop in the front and a small, casual restaurant in the back, with additional outside seatings. I tried the popular avocado turkey and really liked it. The price is relatively cheap for Philly, $10-12. The waiter was polite and fast. This is the type of place that I can see myself frequent and have a casual chat with friends or for when I don't feel like cooking.The maple bacon sandwich, get it. Great brunch spot, gets crowded during the weekend. Quality coffee and espresso as well. Cash only.Great place! I am glad they changed the name of the "Hungry Man" breakfast to "The Lot". I feel less cheesy ordering it now. Those lattes are fan-tastic. The staff is nice too.  Only thing lacking is they should have some reference to the Road Warrior films, given the odd Australian theme.I got the lot - which was french toast, bacon and scrambled eggs w/ melted cheese. I thought it was a perfect amount of food - satisfying but not *too* filling. I even thought the salt and pepper seasoned tomatoes to be a great complement with the bacon. My hubs got the feta, salmon scramble. He thought it was good, but not falling over his chair. It's a small space in the back and we snagged the last 2 seats at the counter. Food service was on the slower side, but given that they make all food in a small open kitchen space up front, I'm amazed / not surprised it can get sluggish with a full house. The coffee was great and service was friendly. We didn't get any, but it also seemed like the sweet potatoe fries/chips were quite popular. They had some cute things on the menu...like tim tams and tea. Cute spot!Great little brunch place. There's a couple tables on the sidewalk but there's a great seating area out back too, that is covered and sheltered a little from the weather, but in the sun after while it gets a little warm. It is pretty adorable and there are plants so I'd recommend it if the temperature isn't boiling. I can't remember what I got a couple months ago but I remember it was good and have been meaning to go back for awhile.
 The dill scrambled eggs are delicious, and Phil H got the Hawaiian Benedict and loved the addition of grilled pineapple to the traditional Benedict. We got our food really fast, which may have been because we got there early and the rush came after we'd already gotten the food. I love the brunch list, there are really interesting takes on traditional brunch fare. So far I've only eaten brunch here but I definitely want to try their lunch and dinner stuff sometime.This is my favorite brunch spot in Philadelphia. The staff members are all very friendly, the coffee is good, and their rotating list of specials keeps the menu fresh. I highly recommend trying the maple bacon sandwich, it is a magnificent creation. 
Additionally, they have a great early breakfast special during the week!Ever since I moved back from the bay area, I've been in search for a Berkeleyesque cafe -- Ants Pants Cafe did the job.
I had the creme brulee french toast and it was good.  I had high expectations and was a bit disappointed... The flavors didn't pop like I thought they would, but like I said it was still good.  The coffee was some of the best coffee I've had since I've been back from the west coast.   
The backyard area is exactly what I've been looking for.  There is nothing like have breakfast with nature.  
You should most definitely get there before 10 if you don't want to wait forever.  
I will definitely go back there soon!A friend of mine introduced me to this place a few months ago. I have only been there for brunch, but I loved it! The atmosphere and servers have that cool and quirky flare which I have never managed to achieve myself. Their "Dill scrambled eggs with feta" and the "creme brulee battered french toast" send me to breakfast-food heaven.
The place is relatively cost-effective with a total of around 11ish (with coffee, which is also very good.) I am a breakfast food-o-phile in that I could eat breakfast food 24/7. When I say I really like this place, I mean it! Only downside-it's cash only, so stop by the ATM!My favorite brunch. You can't go wrong with the sweet potato hash, or the Australian Brekkie. Don't skip the sweet potato fries with the sweet & sour sauce, and sour cream. I dined there solo numerous times when I lived in Philly, and never minded it. 
I've never really waited long, and the place is cozy. The chairs are kind of dinky, but it's a small place so I can't really complain about the lack of lavish furnishings.This is such a gem for brunch! My friends and I must've gotten lucky to have gone early on a weekday morning. No wait and not too crowded. The special menu changes everyday, and sounds fantastic. I had my eyes set on the goat cheese, spinach, and caramelized onion omelet and it did not disappoint! I replaced fruit with chip fries, while my friends ordered shoestring fries. Both are amazing, and what makes it better is that they're served with a spicy aioli sauce. I tried their Spider drink, which was nothing short of delicious! I will definitely be returning to try other things on the menu! Great food and great service!This place was fine...not great, not even good but fine.  I don't really want my restaurants to be cute, but I do want the food to be filling, I left still hungry. The coffee was amazing though, if I lived closer, this would definitely be high up on my list as a morning coffee shops, just not a breakfast place.Gets packed on the weekends, but it's a row house without much room so what can you expect? Prices are really reasonable (most under $10) and the food is really, really great. Try the hot and sweet breakfast sandwich. I prefer Ants Pants to Honeys, to be honest.I used to work at Ants Pants, so my opinion may sound biased, but this is still my favorite sandwich/breakfast place in the city. I'm a vegetarian so finding a place that served delicious, fresh sandwiches (on slices of bread, not rolls) and mouth-watering breakfasts was always tricky, but this place sure delivers. They are one of the few places, in my opinion, that concentrates more on their food rather than their income. Everything I've had on the menu was wonderful and their specials are always innovative and delicious. I would consider myself quite the "foodie" and this place gets high marks in my book. There is definitely a reason why Ants Pants has been recognized in so many magazines articles (check the window from outside).
As for the common complaints I've read, there are "floaties" in the water because when we fill the pitchers we add slices of either lemon or cucumber (hence the flavoring). Little bits of the flavorings in water will fall off when they're carried around so much. As for the customers, the regulars are some of the nicest people ever. I still see them on the street and they always make a point to stop and say "hi" (even though I haven't worked there for some months now). Unfortunately, like every restaurant, we do get a handful of annoying, mean customers (usually out-of-towners). Sorry if they ruin your meal, they ruin our day too.
I guess most people don't notice when they walk in, but the place doesn't have a lot of bells and whistles. Every piece of food put into your mouth or every drink you down was made completely from scratch by one or two people. They don't have a full kitchen, so time is sacrificed for freshness. If your meal takes long, it's because only two people are putting it together from scratch. They don't open a bag of pre-made food and pop it in the microwave like other restaurants. The same goes for the servers. There are only two people waiting tables on the weekend and it is EXTREMELY had to keep on top of everything. Next time take a look at everyone working on the weekend. I think it would be hard to point out someone who is just standing around and not preforming a task. If you want attentive and quick service, definitely show up M-T at any time or before 10am on the weekends.
Although I am a former employee, I still think this place is wonderful. I try to stop in a few weekends a month to get breakfast or lunch. If you go, please try to remember how it's run. And if you want advice on what to try, ask the staff. They are some of the nicest servers in the city.
Oh, try the brioche bread on your next sandwich or the french toast and a side of fruit!I decided to stop here last minute on a Sunday afternoon. I had wanted to eat at Honey's, but the wait was too long. We were greeted as we walked in, and waited between 5 and 10 minutes to be seated. I was surprised to see that the kitchen is upfront and guests can see their food being made.
I ordered the caprese, with chicken. It was a pretty decent sandwich, however, the chicken tasted a bit old, and dry. The shoe string fries were pretty good as well. I didn't like how small they were. It was easier to eat them with a fork, rather than with your hands. Their sriracha cheese wiz was delicious though.
I would have to say the food was a bit overpriced, but if you're looking for something quick and decent, give this place a shot.If you're a coffee lover this is the place for you. Ants pants has some of the best coffee in town - it's strong and delicious. Staff is friendly and the vibes are great inside. Just wish the coffee was a little cheaper, but your paying for a unique blend and won't regret it!!The restaurants boring.. The service is poor and the wait time is painfully long!
I lost my appetite waiting for the food to arrive. Go there if you have all the time in the world and if you enjoy a  noisy and crowded space..
The 2 stars are for the food though..  of all other senses you take there.. only the tastebuds will be satisfied.Who's favorite brunch spot ISN'T Ants Pants? The Italian Sausage Hash is amazing. The service is delightful.Randomly walked in the other day for brunch wanting to try out new restaurants and I'm in love with the place. The restaurant seemed small at first from the outside, however, there's actually a seating area inside plus an outdoor seating area in the backyard. The overall vibe of the place was great and the staff were all really friendly. It's a good start to your morning. I ordered the Eggs Benedict, and it was amazing. I wasn't a big fan of putting the fruit salad on the same plate as the eggs Benedict, but otherwise the food was good. I also had the Aussie iced coffee, which is really different! But I would definitely come again.Nice, low-key, good food but nothing special. 
Been a couple of times for lunch, the food has been good both times - sweet potato hash especially. 
As a Kiwi I appreciated getting a real flat white (like a latte but shorter & stronger).
Downsides:
- Decor is cute but it's not comfortable -- cold draft from a badly fitted door, hard seats etc.
- Service could be sharper
- Cash only - what a pain! Also poorly advertised
- Gets REALLY loud when there are more than 2 people in thereSo I'm writing this review with a caveat. I got the vegan scramble, which is good - but definitely is not the restaurant's speciality. Ants Pants Cafe has a lot of great dishes, with amazing presentation - the dish I got wasn't as good as it could of been. I'm definitely planning on coming back here to try to get something else, in which case I will update my review then. A few other things about this place - it's cash only, and they don't take reservations - it's first come first serve. It's a narrow restaurant, so it usually translates into standing in a line next to the cashier while you wait to get seated - but the wait is generally pretty quick.Came here for a later brunch on Sunday of the holiday weekend (think around 2pm) to find a seat in the window. Upon walking in, you can tell it's a smaller establishment but it's quaint and that works for them so no big deal. However, with that said, expect to wait for your meal.. the kitchen can only handle one or two party's orders at a time. 
We ordered two simple breakfast sandwiches and waited about 35-40 minutes. However, I am also guilty of waiting that long for a sandwich at spread bagerly so who am I to complain? (Except I would have preferred the sandwich from spread.)
Don't get me wrong- the hot & sweet bacon, egg and cheese roll was tasty and different. In retrospect though, it could have been filled a little more because the roll contained a lot of bread  The fries were cooked perfectly. But at the end of the day, our bill was $27 for two okay/good (not amazing) egg sandwiches, an iced coffee and latte. It was an overpriced meal, in my opinion. In addition to that, and to probably a fault of my own for not checking, I was shortchanged $10 upon paying. I am disappointed as I was looking forward to coming here but I honestly do not think I would endure that wait or pay that price (regardless of the shortchange) for that average meal again.Came here for a late brunch on a holiday so it was a plus that they were open. Small space, maybe 10 tables, but it's got a homey feel. I didn't realize it was Australian before reading the menu so we ordered the now infamous (thanks to Starbucks) flat whites to start. Got the dill scrambled eggs with a side of turkey bacon and we ordered the french toast with brie and apricot glaze for the table. Everything was delicious and portions were generous. I thought the apricot glaze might be too sweet with the french toast but it was really good. This was a great neighborhood find. Heads up - it's cash only.