If you had a Moroccan friend and you went to their house and their grandma just happened to be in the kitchen cooking a great meal, the food would taste like the one at Argan.
I'm Moroccan and I'm telling you, the people at Argan know what they're doing.
The bread is homemade, the meat is slow cooked, the vegetarian options are marvelous, and the result is simply authentic taste with a modern twist and a meal that  makes my belly super happy. 
I have found my new comfort food joint.Hidden gem! Small, dimly lit, intimate interior with a laid back atmosphere. The mint tea was to die for! Everything on the menu was delicious and the service was very friendly.I want to eat lunch here every day for the rest of my life. 
Their baba ghanouj is better than mine, and I spend hours roasting my own eggplant! They make their own pitas out of cornmeal, and bake them behind the counter, which makes the whole place smell yeasty and delicious, not to mention warm... A serious plus in winter. And the pitas themselves are to die for- warm out of the oven, light and fluffy, simply delicious!
The sandwiches are fantastic- at $7 a pop, they're on par with the rest of the area, and fully customizable- you get your choice of meat, then three veggie toppings to go on it, and it all gets wrapped up in one of the pitas. Mmm... the pitas. The flavors are really good, and strong, which makes for a super tasty sandwich! I recommend the lamb- it's slow cooked, and just falls apart- no gnawing required for this sandwich. They stew together tomatoes and peppers with spices, which can add a nice kick to your sandwich- and they have carrots that they blanched, chopped, and put with herbs and vinegar to make for an amazing extra flavor in each bite. 
Their baba ghanouj, if I can rhapsodize for a minute, is perfect- it's smoky without being too smoky, garlicky without being overwhelming, and just the right texture- sweetish and perfectly cooked. In case you haven't figured it out, baba ghanouj is one of my favorite dishes- and this was so good I sat in my office and licked the container clean. With no shame. And you can get a container of it with one of their pitas for only $4. 
Seriously, guys, I'm in love!the shekshuka is incredibly spicy and excellent and makes a great alternative to hummus as a sandwich spread. their white beans and carrots are also good, but the (delicious, delicious) bread gets soggy and ruptures in the middle. still, they give you a fork so whatever.Tried Argan for the first time a few weeks ago... had a fantastic sandwich for a great price.  The chicken was really tender and the sandwich was stuffed full of great toppings.  Service was great as well - the waitress could see that I was in a dilemma... I couldn't decide on which three toppings I wanted, so she let me choose a fourth for free.  ; )I'm not going to bash the place. I'm just going to state the facts. I went in for lunch wanting a salad. I ordered the $8 beet salad. The place was completely empty and they had one person working in the kitchen behind the counter. He said they only had spinach left for the base, that was fine with me. I received my salad. There was spinach, canned beets, and canned string beans. A vinaigrette sat on the side. $8 for canned beets and string beans..... hmmm? Maybe I'll get a sandwich next time.Really flavorful, interesting food at a reasonable price makes Argan BYO a solid choice for lunch.
If time is short Argan might not be the best bet, truly fresh food is hardly ever fast.  I'd say it took about an hour from start to finish for our chicken platter & haloumi salad lunch this Sunday.  Total price?  $24 before tip for an incredibly satisfying meal.
The chicken platter was bright yellow & from the way it was wolfed down, I'm assuming pretty delicious.  My salad had a huge chunk of grilled & seasoned haloumi, fresh white bean salad & mixed greens.  It was perfectly dressed - not too oily, not too bland.
Caveats?  Located several steep steps down from 17th St & definitely not universally accessible.  No Amex & $9 minimum for cards (if that's an issue).Overall good experience for dinner. Yelp shows this as one $ -- i.e., that it is relatively cheap. Dinner entres are between 11 and 23 dollars a pop, most between $15-20, so this place is not a cheap dinner destination.
Service was good but somewhat slow. Food was very flavorful -- my veggie kabobs featured some very well-seasoned red onions, bell peppers, mushrooms, zucchini, and tomatoes, all delightfully charred. The rice was enjoyable but not memorable. Nary a sign of the raisins and walnuts I was promised on the menu. Friends who had the chicken kabobs were very impressed with the flavorful chicken and commented on how moist and tender it was.
I'd return, but probably only for lunch, which appears to be much more affordable.Great food, we got 3 dishes all of which were great. The mussels were the best I had so far. U have to check it out.....This place was just AMAZING. Why did it close? Where will I *ever* find Moroccan semolina bread like that?!Argan serves various pocket sandwiches, but I suspect that they will expand on their menu as their newly opened business becomes more established. The warm red interior with black lacquered tables suggests this as does their attention to detail on what is currently a pleasing but simple menu.
The most pleasant quality of their sandwiches is their fresh bread with cornmeal. It is fluffy and light and scrumptious on its own. This alone sets it apart from other pita/sandwich sorts of places that use thin, dry little pita pockets. I'm not sure if Argan bakes their own bread or not, but it makes a world of difference.
I stopped in for lunch and had the merguez sandwich with peppers and onions (well-cooked, neither mushy nor too crisp), thin slices of baked zucchini and roast tomatoes. The merguez was fantastic, flavorful and tender. I gobbled it up. Next time I think I will try the slow-cooked lamb sandwich.
The menu is simple but the ingredients are very fresh and flavorful and the atmosphere is far superior to that of its peer sandwich places. For the price, you are really getting quite a lot. I recommend Argan for a quick, healthy lunch, and I look forward to seeing the restaurant develop.I have gone to Argan for lunch at least once a week for the past 4 months. I now have my entire team at work going with me and the owners know my entire crew. The staff is super friendly and very willing to explain the menu to first timers. I was actually mad when it made the "cheap eats" edition of the Philly Mag because it made it a little busier during lunch. As some other folks on here mentioned, it seems to get more awesome each time you eat here. Everything is very fresh and they add a little extra spice for me. (Ask for Shakshuka as one of the veggie options on your sandwich if you like spice!)I'm one of those annoyingly indecisive types who can never pick where to go for dinner or what I want, etc., but the night we came to Argan I knew I had a hurt for Middle Eastern food and needed it satiated stat.  It turns out Argan was mere feet from where we were staying the night for an unplugged, living-large birthday weekend.  I generally am not that crazy about Moroccan food specifically (while I like prunes, raisins, lemon preserves, etc., I don't like them stewed with savory spices or proteins quite so much; I am also partial to bigger toasted couscous balls instead of the smaller-grained, fluffy variety).  That being said, Argan's menu seemed to have a variety of options that I was still okay with, and we wanted to go somewhere cozier and more intimate rather than somewhere bustling and clattery or noisy.  The fondness we felt towards our dinner made us circle the sidewalk like vultures the next morning until the restaurant opened for breakfast (standard brunch fare--omelets, eggs, homemade granola and fruit--but with unique touches, like lamb sausage as a side or Moroccan meatballs in tomato sauce with eggs or Kalamata olives added to a spinach/feta Greek omelet.....plus mint tea, which I'll get to in a moment).  
The complimentary semolina bread and marinated olives brought to our table as a starter was the sort of special touch that I always wish for when eating out.  The fluffy, grainy semolina round was tasty and the olives tangy and juicy, complemented by an added hint of tomato to their brine, but what made this extra-memorable is that my father is OBSESSED with the semolina bread he snacked on as a child, and this bread is what he's always looking for as an adult but never finds.  Once he was at a nifty little gas station convenience store-cum-Middle Eastern-imports depot in their hometown, and they were selling giant bulk bags of semolina flour....which he promptly bought and lugged  home, demanding my mother try to recreate the breads of his youth.  My mom made a variety of valiant attempts, but he was never quite satisfied; I'm pretty sure this personal loaf of light-yellow bread is precisely what he is seeking.  I look forward to treating him one day soon.  
Back to the meal at hand: as an appetizer we had the Platter of Spreads, served with grilled pita triangles.  The hummus was good but could have used a little more salt, but I was okay with it 'cause I tend to be judicious with the salt anyway, so it wasn't a huge turnoff to me personally.  The zaalouk and shakshuka had just the right amount of either tangy sweetness or slow burn spice, respectively.  
As an entree I had the Vegetarian Couscous; I expected this to be a little bland, but instead it was just the right amount of savory, sort of like a comfort food bowl that will leave you full and warm without the sensation of feeling heavy or like you grossly overate.  The cabbage, carrots, and other veggies were tender, and their broth/juices made the mound of couscous (which I generally wouldn't have been that fond of) appealing.  My meal was followed up with Moroccan mint tea, which, after first trying at a Moroccan restaurant in Paris, has haunted my dreams; honeyed-sweet with much mint, a small, jewel-toned glass of the stuff is all I need for dessert.Heads up vegetarians... try this truly unique sandwich experience! The owner makes this homemade, semolina bread that is the perfect compliment to authentic, moroccan spreads (like babaganoush), then over stuffs it with fresh veggies of your choice (meats available for non-vegetarians). Fresh La Colombe coffee is served throughout the day, but for a real treat, try the traditional mint tea (and ask for the special pour). I hear they just started serving dinners. I'm sure the selections will be equally delicious.The hidden gem down these stairs is the unique Moroccan bread!  So, I was so dissapointed when I got there for dinner last night and they were out of it.  If that's why you are headed there, you may want to call ahead!
Still, had a nice dinner.  My husband and I shared a kebob platter, which comes with rice, and the Mediterranean platter, which has a nice selection of everything.  Perfect amount of food and our bill came to about $28.
Not as cheap as their amazing $7 sandwiches at lunch, but still a great price in this neighborhood.
BYOB!Halal meat (usually higher quality), three types of grilled vegetables, mixed greens, and homemade bread for only $7!? With so many varieties for such a wonferful sandwich, you bet I will become a weekly or bi-weekly regular here!This place was not very crowded, and this caused us just a little trepidation when we went in. I ordered the Mergez sandwich (sp) with tomato cucumber and roasted peppers and onions. The tomato was out of season - oops - but still tasty, and the sandwich was so delicious i ate the entire thing. My friend had a vegetarian sandwich with baba ganoush (sp) and more vegies, and she was very happy too. Everything was fresh fresh fresh, like I made it myself fresh. The bread is wonderful. I'm going back for sure to try more of the menu. Best of all, its convenient to my workplace and very reasonably priced.I don't know if it's the cold weather or that I've been in the mood for comforting food as a result, but the sandwiches at Argan have really hit the spot lately.
My fave? The slow cooked, fall apart, tender lamb, with baba ghanouj, zucchini and white beans on their in-house bread.
It's always a bit of a wait if you're ordering to go (there's only two back there in the kitchen), so keep that in mind.  They've recently added some fabric covered benches with pillows to cozy up the joint.  I approve.  
So even if the flavor profile is relatively safe you can't argue with fresh ingredients, that delicious lamb and the sinful, smoky, tasty baba.After reading a review of this place on unbreaded.com, I had to give this place a try. 
This place does not disappoint at all. The staff is friendly and the place is clean and smells sooo good. 
I ordered the lamb with roasted peppers, white beans and tomatoes. DELICIOUS. A friend ordered the meatballs which she said was great.
My only complaint was I had to wait about 15 minutes for my sandwich because they were baking the bread fresh. I was starving but it was worth the wait.I went to Argan with a pretty big group of people and the lunch rush was just about to hit.  I got there five minutes before my group and since you order at the counter, I decided to get my order in before it got too busy.  This was great for me because my food came fast, but the rest of my group had to wait.  I was well finished before the rest of the party even got their food.
Most people were going for the lamb, but I decided to try something different.  I chose the meatballs which were bursting with the flavors of coriander, cumin, and other spices.  You can pick three veggies to go with your meat selection (or if you are a vegetarian there are several options for you as well).  I picked zucchini, potatoes, and cucumbers.  The zucchini was sauteed in a little oil, the potatoes were made into a potato salad with a slight hint of vinegar, and the cucumbers made a nice refreshing crunch.  The flatbread was fresh baked with a crust of cornmeal on the outside and a spongy center that sopped up all the flavors of the sandwich.  It was an amazing combination, and I with so many options I will definitely be back for more.I have serendipity to thank for discovering this local gem.  I initially noticed Argan a little over a year ago when heading down the steps to Bonte, which is located directly next door and thought "hmm, Moroccan - that sounds interesting, I'll need to check that out"
I'm glad I did. Argan serves up some of the best build-to-suit, quick-serve sandwiches in the city, hands-down.  A far superior bang-for-your buck than similar concept eateries in the city (I'm looking at you, subway).  
Pick your protein (or veggie spread), add 3 toppings watch them stuff it inside a freshly-baked warm bread pocket (think cross between pita and corn bread) along with a large handful of field greens and prepare yourself to devour one of the best sandwiches, ever.
My personal favorites for Meats are Spicy Beef (quite spicy) and Morrocan Meatballs (Beef meatballs with spices). I hear the lamb is quite good, too. Skip the chicken.
Not into meat? get the babaganoush (roasted eggplant, lemon juice, garlic, Tahini). I challenge you to find a better version anywhere.
For toppings, carrots are a must (marinated and slightly acidic). I also usually add zucchini, which is roasted to perfection, and green beans for crunch.
Well worth a shot, if you're in the mood for something different.I had a feeling the slow cooked lamb sandwich would be my favorite, and it was- so soft and with just enough flavor to hold up to the vibrant vegetables and baba ghannouj eggplant spread. Iceburg lettuce is pretty much useless; I was impressed that Argan uses quality mixed greens inside all of their sandwiches. The meat sandwiches ($6.99) come with 3 vegetarian options, and you can choose from both the vegetable list and the spread list. From the ones I tried, the white beans and the carrots were my favorite, the carrots brighten up the whole package and the white beans add to the texture. I have to admit that in general I am on Team Baba Ghannouj and not Team Hummus, so while I didn't get to try the hummus, both the baba ghannouj and the zaalouk (also made of eggplant) impressed me and would easily please any vegetarian as the featured ingredient.I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could; situated a few steps underground on 17th street, this is a perfect spot for a quick lunch when a lunch truck will not do.  I was in the mood for falafel (which they don't have), but instead I got shaved lamb with roasted peppers, onions, white beans and cucumbers, the wrap was made from the same grains as couscous - it was very good and flavorful.  The only downside is you will likely be walking out of there spending at least $10, and probably still a little hungry.  Overall this is a fine choice.You can't go here.. it's all mine!! That's what my brain is telling me to say.. in reality, this place is my new  favorite all around Philadelphia restaurant for lunch AND dinner. Both are fabulous. The pita-corn-heaven-bread is light fluffy consistent and delicious. The haloumi salad is a delicate perfect balance of flavor and awesome. The meats and sauces and spreads are varied and flavorful. I don't know what else to say!!! I don't give this kind of compliment easily.... but Argan is even better than the food I had IN Morocco.one of my favorite places to eat lamb, the vegetables are great and the seasoning are out of this world. I have been to Morocco several times and the food taste like you are back there. if you have a problem with spicy food drink alot of water. I go out of my way to get over there when i can.I know a lot of folks feel that $7 is a bit steep for a sandwich; I'm just not one of them. It's close to work, and I don't know of many other lunch options in the area (aside from a slice of pizza) that are that much more affordable. The sandwich fills me up, though, so I guess if you needed to add sides to feel satisfied, it would be a little pricier. But I digress.
In my opinion, the sandwiches are where it's at, one sandwich in particular. I'm by no means a vegetarian, and the lamb is indeed tender and tasty, but the thing I come here for is the shekshuka sandwich. Savory, spicy peppers and roasted tomatoes with herbs and olive oil in Argan's amazing pillowy semolina pockets. Once you add your three veggie choices (I get white beans, cucumbers, and carrots), you have a hearty, transportable lunch perfect for eating at your desk - or better yet, in Rittenhouse Square.
Argan's staff is sweet, too. The woman behind the counter used to warn me me every time that "shekshuka is spicy" until she got to know me.
All in all a solid lunch option, especially if you're craving a little spice.Delicious!  Nearly filled myself up on Morrocan mint tea before dinner was even served!  I ordered the lamb kabob and my husband ordered the lamb with coucous which was phenom!  Can't wait to go back...I wasn't a huge fan of this place, simply because I don't think sandwiches are real meals (sorry, I need rice). I didn't like the hot and cold thing going on with the sandwich-- hot meat, cold veggies, and cold bread. Grilled zucchini should be hot, for crying out loud! And they didn't have rice, even though it was listed as a side order. Boo =(
Their saving grace was the baba ghanouj. It was easily the best I've had. 
Not sure if I'll go back, but I'm sure I would have given it another star if I could replace the bread with rice.Sometimes you just want a nice cappuccino with the option to get a sandwich or a plate of hummus if you get hungry. Come to Argan. Everything served up with a friendly face.Dropped in at Argan for a quick bite to eat.
They have a decent number of lunch options, but I was drawn to the make your own sandwich, which comes with your choice of meat and three vegetarian options from a dozen. The list was impressive, but I went with the kofte - Moroccan meatballs - onion & peppers, white beans and cucumbers.
The bread they use for the sandwiches is baked from scratch on premises and tasty. Even though they serve it like a pita sandwich, it's leavened and much closer to a roll than a pita. However, it's denser than a normal country or kaiser roll. The outside is dusted with cornmeal and the inside has a decent springiness to it. 
Between the bread and fillings this should have been a good sandwich, but it was missing something really important - flavor.
I could taste the lamb in the kofte, but I couldn't detect any spices or herbs. The cucumbers mercifully made a good showing, but the onions were weak, and the beans, which looked as though they were cooked in a tomato sauce, tasted like plain, unseasoned beans. 
Prices are fair for lunch and dinner and the atmosphere is casual and laid back.
I like Moroccan food and wanted to like Argan more, but I have to agree with Vince E. - it's too bland.Been here twice now. Tried the Merguez and the Moroccan meatball sandwiches. Amazing food and friendly staff! The semolina pita-like bread is very unique and tastes great.I ordered a lamb sandwich with cucumber, tomato and white beans.  The meat was nicely marinated and went well with the other ingredients. It even had a touch of spiciness to it that wasn't in my fiance's chicken sandwich. Contrary to Vince E., I liked the cornmeal dusted bread and thought it held everything together nicely.
I was not a big fan of the baba ghanouj. I like mine chunky, with bits of recognizable eggplant. This was blended to the point that it was too creamy - almost as if there was mayonnaise involved. There wasn't much eggplant flavor, and the only redeaming quality was that it came with more of the bread.
I'll probably go back again at some point in the future if the urge hits, but not for the baba ghanouj.Excellent food! The woman who works behind the counter is wonderful. Tonight I was getting takeout and she offered me a seat at a table, and brought me fresh baked bread with spiced olives and pickles while I was waiting. This place is a well kept secret because of it's location, but the people in Philly need to know about what they're are missing.I liked this place at first, but every time I go back I think it gets a little better.  The lunch sandwiches are a real find, and I love the familial feel of the place (the owner makes your sandwiches, I'm pretty sure its his wife ringing you up).  The corn pocket thing the sandwiches come in are made fresh and taste that way.
Anyway I hit this place up at least every other week now because for $7.55, tax included, its the best value for least processed, most tasty lunch around.I had to look twice to find this nearly below-street restaurant, but once you stoop down low and enter, you're greeted with a clean, warm dining area and a counter at the back brimming with Mediterranean sandwich components.
My wife & I stopped in on a Saturday afternoon amidst a steady flow of customers and ordered two of the 'build-your-own' sandwiches, about $7 each.  
Check out the pictures above.  Slow-cooked lamb for her, spiced lamb & beef sausage (Merguez) for me. 
Along w/ greens, you get 3 veggies to go w/ each sandwich...toppings laid out ala Subway...sandwich stalwarts like roasted peppers, cukes, tomatoes are there, along with white beans, green beans, marinated carrots.
What impressed me most was the bread, not a wrap or pita, but a soft fist-sized loaf with a corn-meal dusted crust just firm enough to hold your sandwich stuffing together.
Laid out around the kitchen area in various stages...one sheet proofing over the steam-table...another few laid out above the warm oven, a tray cooling fresh from the oven and another tray of loaves that the cook was steadily splitting and stuffing with whatever you wanted to pick...I wish I could buy a few loaves to take back home.
There are cheaper lunch options in CC, but you're paying for the time & care spent on ingredients and I'd gladly support that.One of my go-to lunch spots.  I always get either a baba ganoush sandwich with carrots, zucchini, and white beans or the lamb sandwich with baba ganoush, carrots, and zucchini.  Their baba ganoush tastes like bacon.  Seriously.  Don't ask me how or why just enjoy its delicious smokiness coating the perfect fluffy semolina roll as it cradles all of the other delectable fillings you've selected.  $6.99 for a solid lunch that won't leave you hungry or weighed down, you just can't beat it.I went here around 12:45 on a weekday and it got pretty crowded quickly. There were only two people working the grill and register and it only took 10 minutes to get my meal to go (when I was behind at least three other orders), so I was pleased. There's one small table to eat outside so if you'd rather enjoy the weather with a group, you'd probably have to take your lunch to Rittenhouse Square, which was pleasant.
I ordered the baba ganoush sandwich with white beans, eggplant, and roasted peppers & onions. It was good, not too mushy. The bread/pita thing  - the cornmeal made the difference as the coating. It was unique, but not the best I've ever had. I was definitely full, though.Argan is a hidden treasure that will send you to Morocco.
The restaurant brings back great memories from Morocco. It's rich cultural decor is not a facade for americanized Moroccan food- rather its a prelude to transferring you into its culture. 
Started with a rich cup of cafe ole (latte). Then I ventured into the Moroccan Eggs with tomato meatballs and sautéed onions. the dish came with mini toasts, along with sunny side eggs cooked just right. A few bites into the dish I realized the spices became the spark of the whole experience. 
to sum up:
-great service
-cozy atmosphere 
-authentic food
-very inexpensive
-perfect cup of cafe oleMy unconventional office decided that for our holiday lunch we wanted to have Moroccan.  But Moroccan delivered.  Large amounts of Moroccan - on our turf.  So we walked on down to Argan, who, coincidentally, do not do this type of catering, and said: "Look.  We would REALLY like to eat your food for our holiday lunch.  Can we make this work?"  And they said "Hokay - we try."  And sure enough, we walked on over one cold cold blustery day, picked up stacks of delicious Moroccan in big ole trays, and walked them through center city, Philadelphia.  All for a very fair price.  Now THAT is service.
And to boot - the food is fantastic - even better in large quantities.  The Baba Ghanoush - one of the best in the city.  The Merguez - pink and tight (yes), flavorful and delicious.  The Braised Lamb Shank - the star.  Tender and lamb-y with hearty Moroccan flavors seeped to the core.
I cannot wait to try lunch here the conventional way.I had been meaning to try this place for over a year, and now that I have, I'm kicking myself for not going sooner.  Tried it for lunch earlier this week -- lamb sandwich with white beans, babaganoush, and peppers....amazing.  The semolina/cornmeal bread pocket alone would have sufficed to make me happy.
Inspired by lunch, I threw out Argan as an option for a group BYO excursion on a friday.  It was also a hit.  People got everything from kebab plates to the sea bass -- food all around was well-priced with portions large enough to satisfy but no so oversized to the point you feel guilty for not taking home a doggy bag.  The couple that owns this place is super nice and were accomodating to our large (and noisy) group.  Definitely a great change of pace/setting from the usual Italian BYOs that abound in Rittenhouse.Moroccan Bread was a delight!  Just baked, right out of the oven, piping hot with very spicy filling in the middle.  It was an explosion of flavor to my tastebuds.  
I would have given it at least 4 stars but we were there for lunch hour, and it took 40 mins from the time we sat until the time we received our food.  They are very very very busy during the lunch hour crunch.   My quick lunch ended up to be a 1 1/2 hr lunch break.  Luckily my conf call was not important so i did not join. 
 Only a cook and a friendly lady (probably owner) who was manning the tables, clean up, taking orders, delivering water, cashier, and everything esle in between.   
Perhaps next time I will check it out during dinner.In search of middle eastern/moroccan food in Center City - we came across this little tucked away spot last night for dinner.  The Moroccan bread and spreads - yum! the Moroccan soup - double yum!  The angel hair pasta - WHAT?  angel hair pasta?!  seafood paella?  Um...what's Moroccan about that?  My husband and I were surprised/disappointed that there weren't more Moroccan-y entree options to choose from.  We had no choice but to get what we thought was most authentic on the menu which was the Kabab entree paired with saffron rice and yogurt sauce - all a bit mediocre.  I will have to say that the cheapness of dishes was a positive.  If they can spice up the menu with more authentic Moroccaness this place would be worth another try.Like me, you've probably passed by this place a bunch of times while walking up and down 17th.  No disrespect to Jared Fogle (i.e. Jared the Subway Guy), but I'm glad I finally went in to try it because the sandwich was a very welcome change from the $5 dollar footlongs I've been known to pick up on the way home from work.  This sandwich will cost you about $2.50 more than the five-dollar-five-dollar-five-dollar footlong, but it was well worth it.  
I deferred to the owner to make me a sandwich.  He suggested lamb, zucchini, carrots, and one other item which all sounded tasty to me.  Contrary to the poor saps whose sandwiches were soggy by the time they got home, mine was still in excellent condition after the 10 minute stroll.  Yum.OK.  Now I will eat my words.  I went to Argan last night at 6:30 for the THIRD time and it was the charm.
The first night I wandered it at about 7:45 PM.  The doors were wide open and there were 2 little kids running around and 2 men eating at a table.
Turns out they close at 7 and it was just family.  Meanwhile I stood at the counter (alone) for a good 2-3 minutes watching them sweep up (it was dawning on me by then that they might just be CLOSED - duh!!!!).  So finally one of the men came over to the counter and said "Sorry, we close at 7".
OK.  No biggie.
So a week or so later I show up at 6:45.  I study the menu and WOWZA - the prices are high.  So I walked out.
But last night - FINALLY - I got a chance to eat here.  The place was empty - save for 2 men behind the counter.  I stood at the counter watching them chop vegetebles for 3-4 minutes.  They said nothing to me.  I waited, and waited, and finally one man said - "Are you ready to order"?  I was - and ordered a Zaaluk (eggplant salad) sammy with tomatoes, cukes and crunchy blanched green beans,
but the pita bread - wow - so fresh.  They do, in fact, bake it there.
I did not like the $7.48 price tag - for a veggie sandwich - that seems steep - but I will be back to try the lamb for sure!I was in town for a seminar for a week and a few of us would go out in the evenings in search of a nice place to grab dinner. Four of us came across Argan. We wanted wine and they let us bring a bottle in (they don't serve alcohol & it was Ramadan). Service was very friendly. My dish was awesome (fish - I can't remember what kind). Delicate. Great sauce. The other three ordered lamb and loved it. If I lived/worked nearby I would swing by on a regular basis.This little gem, slyly hiding underground on 17th St., is my go-to for a quick lunch when I'm on a Rittenhouse shopping blitz break. I loves me some M.E. cuisine, and at Argan, I can get a scrumptious pocket sandwich stuffed with nice veggies and meats for next to nothing.
I'm also a big fan of the owner there. He's a quiet, stoic kind of guy, but always remembers me from when they first opened.
I'm pretty fond of the bread they use. It's a semolina pocket which is fluffy and light, quite unique. I always tend to get the lamb or the merguez with some onions and peppers plus white beans. The baba ghanouj and the hummus are both fine in my book.
And a bonus for me, in the summertime, is snagging a spot on the only tiny little table out front, which is nestled into the entrance, down the steep steps under the facade. It makes for perfect incognito people watching as noontime crowds shuffle by.Delicious slow cooked lamb sandwiches served on freshly baked Moroccan semolina bread. 
A treat to behold but alas Argan has closed...came upon this place by mistake. The new menu is amazing. I got a huge lamb samich! The owner is tres cool and the selections are fresh and good. The prices are very reasonable. The steps are not tres cool getting down there but hey that's what gives it its charm i guess.I work around the corner from this place and since it opened I've sniffed the air as I walked past wondering if the food would be worth venturing in. I got the slow roasted lamb on the baba ganouj with carrots and cucumbers. The corn pita was AMAZING and the baba ganouj and carrots were so delicious I wished I'd had a bigger pita to fit more of them. I would DEFINITELY recommend this place to anyone, but vegetarians especially looking for a tasty option need to check this place out.After walking past Argan hundreds of times, I decided to stop in here with a couple of friends for lunch today.  My experience was, well, mixed.  So, I'll do a plusses and minuses thing:
POSITIVE:
- The main part of my lunch, the lamb kabobs, were amazingly good.  Skewered on bamboo sticks after being marinated in who-knows-what for who-knows-how long, these were incredibly juicy, just tender enough, and full of flavor and spice.  Certainly some of the best lamb I have had in a long time.
- The location is right in the middle of everything, and is easy walking distance from public transit and the offices of Center City West.
- The price range is pretty low for the quality of food received, but...
NEGATIVE:
- I don't think anyone came out full.  The two skewers of meat I had consisted of 3 relatively small pieces of meat.  It may have totaled up to 4-6 ounces.   The yoghurt was just a small bit, enough to dip some of your lamb into.  The sandwiches my friends ordered didn't come with any side dishes, yoghurt or the like.  They looked more like food truck food, which is by no means a bad thing, except smaller and a couple of dollars more.
- The rice that came with my dish was bland at best.  It tasted cold and was soggy.
- The service was very slow and inattentive.  No water was brought to the table, and I never received the mint tea that I ordered.
- Very little of the food seemed truly, well, Moroccan.  I've had Moroccan food at a number of places, but this seemed more generic Mediterranean than anything.  The spice is the only thing that really said Moroccan cuisine to me.
CONCLUSION:
If you want to try some Mediterranean food, but aren't sure if you like it, or if you are only sort of hungry for lunch, check out Argan.  If you have any sort of an appetite though and are looking for good service with your food, check out one of the food carts in the area, or search out another Moroccan/Middle Eastern restaurant nearby.
There's a part of me that still wants to try their dinner selection, but I am afraid I'll leave wishing I had more (but not necessarily in a good way).The lamb sandwich looked a bit small but is enough of a mouthful that I think the problem had more to do with the fact that I'm not used to spending close to $10 for one, but if you've got the dough I can see why it's so popular.Love love love Argan's sandwiches for lunch!  The aroma of this place jump starts your appetite when you walk through the door and the taste lives up to the expectation!  The bread is so fluffy yet crunchy and the flavors of the roasted veggies and hummus are delicious (haven't tried the meat myself, but my fellow lunchers have always paid complements).  Add to that the lovely service and reasonable price and I'm a happy customer.Following a recent trip to Marrakech and Fez, I can assure you that the service and food here are spot on. A warm and hospitable atmosphere are only a bonus when you consider the delicate but flavorful food. The haloumi salad was a perfect combination of salty and rich - with the beans, capers and cheese. And the standout was definitely the lambchops. Slathered with the tumeric, raisin marinade and then a pile of the creamy mashed potatoes - it was unreal. And to top it off - a BYO, where we ate like Moroccan kings, and it was $25pp. Yes please. Oh, and don't forget the mint tea!A few brief moments ago I got back from lunch with Yelp's very own Alex W. at Argan. It is pretty much exactly one block's distance from my office building doors and it is delicious. 
I ordered an iced coffee, served in one of those tall, thin glasses, identical to those at Fig's, my friendly neighborhood Moroccan restaurant - are these glasses authentically Moroccan or is this a coincidence? WHO KNOWS!!!
I also ordered hummus sandwich with tomato, carrots, and potatoes. Any restaurant that offers potatoes as a sandwich filling earns a special place in my gullet (I see you Zorba's, sneaking fries into my hummus sandwich).  The tomatoes were perfect, the carrots and potatoes were the perfect consistency - just soft enough, just enough bite, and not bland. Word. The bread was a little fluffy, which I liked. I've had enough thin, chewy pita to last me a lifetime, okay.
Excellent sandwich, at just under $10 for lunch, the prices are reasonable, the atmosphere and service is very agreeable. I recommend.Never had Moroccan bread like this, it was really good. Much better than a pita or naan.
The slow cooked lamb sandwich had good seasoning, very tender. Let the owner pick the sides to go with your meat selection.
Also had mint tea and a side of humus.
Everything was really good, I am glad I finally stopped in on the last day of my trip.Yesterday, Erin F. and I held hands and stared into each other's eyes over lunch at Argan. 
That sammich. Hummus, lettuce, carrots, zucchini, and tomatoes. Ugh, so good. I didn't finish mine at lunch so I wrapped it up and put it in my purse to take home. Unfortunately, my u-lock was also in my purse so I ended up putting a very flat sandwich in the fridge.
BUT! When I finished it all of 20 minutes after I got home, it was still SO GOOD.
They do have a $9 credit card minimum, which I find strange because the majority of the items on their menu are $6.99. But, you can't fault the business for wanting you to buy more.Lunch wise it doesn't get any better than this in center city. I had the Moroccan meatballs, cucumbers, potatoes, and zucchini, on one of their sandwiches, it was sooooo good. There are so many different options. And the pita is some sort of combo of normal pita and cornbread....amazing. I ate my sandwich in record timing, then sat back and relaxed with some Moroccan tea (a mix of green and peppermint tea).The wonderful aromas hit my nose the second I walked through their door.  I was told they just opened last week, this cute little pumpkin-colored walled bistro is just a few steps down from the sidewalk along 17th Street.  The seating area is pleasantly decorated with nice set-ups of tables and chairs for 2 or 4.  The counter is in the back of the restaurant where an array of Moroccan cuisine that I can only imagine would be standard fare at a banquet or in someone's home.  I had the "Build Your Own Sandwich" option with homemade pita, slow cooked lamb, roasted eggplant, hummus, roasted pepper/onions and topped with spring mix for $6.99.  Fantastic sandwich.  What great warm, comfort food as Philadelphia begins the winter season.  My first visit was quick for take-out, but I'll be back.I've been here several times. I always have the slow cooked lamb sandwich....I love it...The lamb is so good..very fresh and they let u pick 3 different type of veggies for your sandwich.  For 6.99 + .50 for tax is not a bad deal....The sandwich is a decent size.I was in the neighborhood yesterday and decided to check out this little place on 17th street, located below street level a few steps away from the Sofitel.
Had the lamb pita. It comes with your choice of 3 vegetables, I had the white beans, zucchini and carrots. The lamb was very tender but I found the sandwich lacking in any assertive flavor or spice, which I had expected from a Moroccan restaurant. The pita bread also has a strange texture, and kind of disintegrated from contact with the warm lamb. Since I've never had a Morrocan sandwich I don't have much to compare to. Lets just say, it was a filling sandwich but nothing that made me say WOW I want to have that again.
Others below are raving about the baba ghanoush so maybe I'll give it a try next time I'm nearby for lunch, though I doubt I'll make a special trip.Def: BLAND: (Adj)  Argan Moroccan Cuisine
I haven't had such a bad meal in a long time.
First, when I think Moroccan I think small plates, flavorful, spicy. Belly dancers? Instead we got the opposite.
Argan serves only salads and sandwiches. However, very "Bland" sandwiches. Everything about it was BLAND. I ordered the lamb sandwich with peppers and hummus (~8). The bread was a sliced roll, thick, dry and cold. The meat was the only thing warm about it, but not entirely flavorful. The peppers had no taste, the hummus was like eating tofu. 
The same with each of my friends as well. We ordered the hummus to try, and really it was the same bland hummus, and served, not with flatbread, but with the same cold, dry, bread cut in slices.
None of us finished our meals. And I dont usually waste food.I'm a big fan of this place.  I stop by at least once a week for lunch.  Their choose your own sandwiches are great- I just had the kitfo (Moroccan meatballs), and it was so good that I wish I had another right now.  I also like the beef and lamb.  I like that they offer fresh spinach.  My other favorite sides are the potatoes, white beans and zucchini.
Delicious and perfectly filling.Wow! I have been only once but the Lamb Shish Kebab was the best I have ever had - moist, well seasoned and not greasy at all. The soup and salad were excellent also. BYOB and moderately priced and excellent service. Not fancy but very cozy.I am spent.  After the culinary debauchery that is Christmas, I was looking forward to my Monday back in the city and eating something that wasn't holiday related.  In my family, that's something slathered in cheese, butter, and/or syrup (the real kind, I'm French Canadian - we're purists where anything maple or syrup is concerned) Anyhoo...
I decided on Argan to be my first post-holiday meal. I navigated the short steep steps (say that three time fast) made my way to the counter, where a very kind woman took my order: a Moroccan meatball sandwich with white beans, zucchini, mixed greens and slathered with la pièce de résistance: their baba ghannouj.
They make their delicious bread in-house - it's like a thick, delicate, fluffy pita made with cornmeal - because of this, it falls apart very easily - which is why I assume they provide forks with their sandwiches.  Prepare to get a little messy.  All the meat is prepared in house too - my faves being the lamb and the Moroccan meatballs.
The highlight by far at Argan is their succulent, splendid Baba Ghannouj which is smoky and creamy delicious - so much so that I regret not getting more on the side (at a hefty $3.99 price tag, mind you) - don't leave Argan without having a go at it, promise me!
Few issues:  the meats could be spiced more liberally - all of them are always missing a little more oomph with their seasoning - like other reviewers have said, you expect flavors to be a little more bold with Moroccan cuisine.  Also, their food is at a high price point.  $6.99 for an average to small sandwich that isn't generously filled, sides (any extras, including rice) cost $3.99.   That being said, you can still have a meal here for $10 but you won't be bursting at the seams.I ate here for the first time on Friday and I must say it was an enjoyable experience. The appetizer of various spreads, including hummus and some other things I can't remember now, was really delicious, as was their bread. I ordered the chicken kababs for my entree and though it was tasty, the chicken was a little over-cooked and dry, but the seasonings they grilled them with were yummy. And the waitstaff was super friendly. The owner even came over to our table to make sure we were happy with our meals.
I've heard this place is pretty good for lunch so I definitely want to get back there and try it out.I came here today after having meant to try it for ages and ages.  I was craving lamb and couscous, and was slightly disappointed to know that you couldn't get couscous at lunch, UNTIL I ordered the lamb sandwich which came in couscous bread (semolina, which was a little crumbly, but only at the end).  I had the lamb with the white beans, carrots, and zucchini and it was fantastic.  Definitely hit the spot.  Also tried the fresh made mint iced tea, which I am loving.  Mint tea is one of those things that when done well is great, but is so frequently mediocre, that I almost never order it.  I'm glad I gave it a shot.  Definitely will have to go back to try some other items!Cash only?  Is this some type of joke?
I'd been dying to go here, and was pleased with the outcome.  I had a hummus and vegetable sandwich on a bread akin to a pita (excuse my ignorance of Moroccan cuisine) and thoroughly enjoyed it.  My friend enjoyed her food as well... a similar sandwich made with eggplant.
To the dismay of my lunch date, they were out of the milk and honey, and the guy manning the place when we got there did not seem to know how to operate the cash register.  Further, I was pretty annoyed at having to walk to the ATM to pay for our meal.  Any sit down restaurant should take debit!  
Good food.  Nice ambiance.  Four stars.Morocco is one of the few places that I visit where I never get tired of the food, no matter how long I'm there.  Imagine my delight at finding this adorable little Moroccan spot right near Rittenhouse Square!  The scent of baking bread and spices accosted me when I walked into the cozy little restaurant, immediately putting a smile on my face.  I ordered a Merguez (beef and lamb sausage) sandwich packed together with carrots, roast zucchini, and eggplant, and it was amazing.  When I closed my eyes and took a bite, I could almost imagine being back in Marrakesh.  Unfortunately, then I stepped outside into frigid winds and into reality.   If I have any complaints, it would be that the menu just consists of sandwiches and salads, and damn, I want more!!!Argan is an excellent little BYOB which seats about 30-35 people. I went on a Saturday around 5:30pm with no reservations and my party of two was immediately seated. We had the variety of four spreads with bread as an appetizer, which was flavorful and well presented. I was underwhelmed by the hummus, but the other three spreads (including baba ghannouj) were great.
My entree was the Tagines, which included lamb, prunes, and carrots. It was soooo good! The lamb fell off the bone and very tender. My friend ordered the Vegetable Couscous, which also included lamb chops. Portions were generous, but not overwhelming. Prices were typical for center city, but not ridiculous. 
The only thing holding me back from giving this place 5 stars was the service. It was very difficult for us to get the waitress's attention at times and we were told on multiple occasions that we would need to vacate our seats by 7:30pm for people with reservations. It didn't bother me much since we weren't intending to linger for a full two hours, but I think others may have been irritated by this.Pound for pound one of the best lunch spots in Center City.
When 12PM rolls around and my co-workers and I start throwing around where to eat, we somehow always end up back at Argan.    By this time, I can probably walk up to the counter and just say "give me the usual" and the friendly staff will know what I'm talking about (lamb sandwich with  zucchini, white beans, baba ganoush and spinach).  When you get down to the last bite and you're left with the perfect ratio of lamb, baba and pita: ~~Wow~~
My only complaint is that I crave my  "usual" so much, that i never give anything else on the menu a chance.  But that's the way I am: If it ain't broke, don't fix it!!Ok their baba ganouj is the best I've ever tasted.  Upon first review I thought their wasn't enough variety to keep me coming back, but I've decided it doesn't matter because everything is really tasty. Since I am a returning customer, they will even give me everything (including meats) as side dishes instead of having everything stuffed into the pita.  The staff is really nice, even though sometimes it seems like they need more help around lunch rush hour