It has changed...
I wrote a five start review of Bacio last year because I loved it.  Unfortunately I don't feel the same way.  Our relationship is over.
I know the economy is bad and is likely having an impact but when I'm spending my hard earned dollars, that is all meaningless.
My boyfriend and I ate there last week.  It was probably our 15th time there.  The service was horrible.  He ordered soup and they brought it with the app.  Really, just put it in the bowl and walk it over.  It was not even busy.  Then we had no bread plates and had to ask for them, then no soup spoon was brought so we had to ask for that.  Our entrees arrive and I have to ask for grated cheese.  The busboy, who they apparently pulled off the street, holds the hunk of cheese with his bare hands and is rubbing it but nothing is happening because he is holding it upside down. So I have to show him what to do.  But the real issue is that the food has suffered.  I ordered a seafood dish with clams, shrimp, and so forth... the shimp were little prawns and the calamari was very chewy and not really cut up in slices but in inch or so long tubes.  I could not finish it. It was very fishy and I started to question how fresh it was.  I took the leftovers to lunch a couple of days later and ended up trashing them.
It is so sad when a place you love goes down the tubes but I'm not a charity, I eat out for a good meal.  I don't see risking it and putting cash out again to give Bacio another chance.
I want to cry :-(This place rocks! If you are looking for a wonderful quaint atmosphere, with delicious food, for a dinner date look no further. My girlfriend and I came on a Wed around 6 and were the first ones in the place. We sat next to the window and were delighted when the chef (and apparent owner?) sent over a complementary antipasto dish which was wonderful. I had the mussels and spaghetti with white sauce and my girlfriend had the tilapia. Both were amazing and we had a hard time finishing because of the excellent portions. We sat at the restaurant for almost an hour and a half enjoying the bottle of wine we brought (did I mention it is byob?) and decided to have desert, which was good. 
This place offers an authentic experience and although it is possible to get in and out quickly (two tables came in after and left before we did) do not worry about being rushed out the door. Bacio is a wonderful place for a relaxing dinner with a loved one, I highly recommend it!  
Complimenti alla cuocaWonderful restaurant I would recommend to anyone!
Before arriving I called the restaurant to reserve a vegan cannoli and was assured one would be waiting for our table.
The restaurant is set up in an open kitchen style, you can even talk to the cook who was happy to answer any of our questions. The waitress, was so sweet and informed us that we could make almost anything on the menu vegan.
I ordered pesto ravioli and my boyfriend ordered the sweet potato gnocchi with vegan blush sauce. They even brought nutritional yeast and crushed nuts to put on his pasta. We also ordered a ricotta cheesecake for dessert. Everything was simply delicious. If you are ever looking for a yummy Italian dinner, this would be the place.Pretty fun for a date night.  It's BYOB, and cash only, so plan ahead.  Hubby and I enjoy finding a new bottle of wine and pairing it with some old favorites.  All the comforts of "Mama's supper" with a twist!Epic fail.  Worst.  Service. Ever.  Stay away.
We arrived at 6:00 pm on Saturday evening.  There was one other couple seated, and a four-top walked in a few minutes behind us.
We ordered one appetizer to share, a chicken parmagiana dish, and a seafood with linguini dish.  The appetizer came out of the kitchen about 15 minutes after the order.  We finished it quickly; it was good.
And then we waited. 
And waited.
And waited.
We watched the four-top get served their dinner.  We watched the couple get served their dinner.  And another.  And another.  And another.  We watched food come out of the kitchen, but none was headed our way.   
No one came over to apologize, or to say that they'd gotten backed up.  After about 1 hour 15 minutes, a host (owner?) came over and said our food would be out "soon." 
So we waited some more.
After watching the four-top leave --they'd finished their meal! -- we left.  It had been 1 hour 40 minutes since we had arrived, and we still had no meal.  I don't mind waiting for good food, but short of going out to slaighter the chicken and catch the seafood, there's no excuse for service like this.  
As we were leaving --after I explained why-- the host (owner?) apologized in an indifferent sort of way.   
I cannot imagine a worse customer service experience.5 stars all the way. This is some of the best Italian food I have ever had (which means a lot, my mom is 100% italian). Went here last night to celebrate Valentine's Day. Everything was fantastic. The mussels were huge and the small plate antipasto was a perfect size and filled with good meats, cheeses, and veggies. My boyfriend got one of their specials - linguine, clam, sausage, and roasted red peppers = DELICIOUS. I ordered the gnocchi with blush sauce which was great as well and a side of meatballs. Dessert was the chocolate pecan pie. I love how it is BYOB and the kitchen is open. I'm not sure what other people are talking about with the slow service - I did not notice this at all. Anyway, go now!Excellent spot and one of our favorites in the area for sure. This place is like our Italian second home.My husband and I had dinner there last night for the first time. We were celebrating our 30th anniversary. Although they did not know this, Vinny the gentleman that waited on us, treated us with such kindness and generosity it helped make our evening that much more special. Everything we ate was delicious and made right in front of us. To our surprise they had a singer who was fabulous. The prices were  surprisingly reasonable for high quality food. Considering the fact in the past week we have eaten at the Homestead at the Borgata, Estia and Savona, we will definitely go back to this neighborhood gem!!!!Great Italian food authentically cooked by chef/owner Jay, VERY reasonably priced, no background music (so not noisy), BYO, credit cards accepted, excellent and friendly service by Jenny.  A gem.We had our wedding party here and it was amazing!!! Great service, great atmosphere, and always a great time. My wife and I will always come back here and tell our friends to do the same. Great job bacio!!!I loved this place went early Sunday evening had the best crab fradiavlo ever. A really good meal
aDelicious homemade Italian food. My only minor complaint is there isn't much dining space. But I'll definitely be going back.I had the most delicious pasta sauce that was loaded with fresh pieces of crab over pasta that was made right in front of us.  As good an Italian  dish as I have had (including in Italy).  Also had a piece of ricotta cheese cake hot out of the oven.  Fabulous place."Probably one of our most memorable dining experiences. Mom/Pop atmosphere. I like the areas BYOB policies, can't do that in Michigan. I don't know canola from a plum, but I know when I've had a good meal. Vinnie's explanation of the days special dishes was an experience in itself. Food was properly cooked and very tasty. A short wait, but expected for a fresh made meal on the spot. Fresh ricotta cheesecake, no cost to us, was an unexpected surprise and it was excellent. My only problem was same one for any business around Philly, parking, but then I wasn't driving. Well worth your time if your ever in the area. I would return if the opportunity arises One of those "remember when" moments. Very unique"About once a week I find myself ordering from this local spot. The place itself is quaint from the street view but presents open inside. The food is hearty and rich in flavors. Most of the time I split the dish with my dining partner (yes, they're that big). This is the closest Italian I've found to to the "real" stuff since moving from central jersey. Mostly all of the dishes can be made vegan/vegetarian. A local favorite!I've been eating at Bacio for years. They make amazing vegan Italian food and are always so accommodating. But I'm mostly writing to thank them for their amazing service last weekend. We had just come back into the city and were too tired to cook. I ordered linguine with marinara and picked it up. When we arrived home, I found three huge meatballs in my requested vegan dish. Things happen, so I called to ask if they could take the charge off. Before I could ask, they asked for my address. They delivered the correct dish the whole way to East Falls! Please fellow vegan Philadelphians, hit them up if you haven't already! They are wonderful! Thank you, Bacio!I lived in Philadelphia for twelve years and in the Mt. Airy area for five.  Bacio is amazing.  Forget South Philly, forget ever other Italian restaurant you've been to, Bacio will beat it out.  The food is amazing, from the fresh pasta to the seafood and the large perfectly cooked steaks.  There's always amazing flavor, fresh ingredients, and if you go there enough they treat you like family.  
WIth that said, after reading some of the not so complimentary reviews, they pretty much all have one thing in common... bad service at Bacio and personally I think that flaw is the reason why the same people discredit the food.  The service is a bit slow at times.  If you go there knowing that and expecting it to be laid back then you are okay.  If you are expecting fast service you will be disappointed and probably then also feel negative towards the food. 
It's small, intimate, byob, cozy, amazing prices for the quality of food, everything I love when I go out to eat.  I bring all my friends (some pretty serious foodies) and relatives here and they all absolutely love it as well.  I've eaten most everything on the menu and there isn't anything I wouldn't recommend to someone.  If you haven't been, go and support a wonderful small restaurant!  I see a comments about Vinny... if you are there when he's there you are lucky.  Great guy, passionate about food.  The way it should be.Cool, authentic Italian joint. Good vibe. I was on vacation in Philly and my local friend brought me here. I'm glad he did.Bacio is my go-to when wanting Italian in the Philadelphia / Chestnut Hill area. BYOB ... so make sure you BYOB (!)... to pair with the most authentic Italian you have west of Rome, Italy. They are flexible with dietary restrictions and go above and beyond to make sure you are satisfied.We have been going to Bacio for years and have yet to be disappointed. Wonderful food, atmosphere and service!I seriously can't say enough amazingness about this place.  First of all I am allergic to soy and gluten, and they are so, so accommodating.  I've been here half a dozen times now and NEVER had an issue.  If you have allergy or dietary concerns it doesn't get any more friendly about working with you than this place!!!  Aside from that, you should go because the food is delicious and truly fresh, not pre-prepared, its just so good and you FEEL good after.  This is why some reviewers say its slow.  I'd rather have REAL, FRESH food and wait an extra 5 or 10 minutes, honestly.  And portions are rather generous but not overly so.  Plus the service is sweet and its adorable and BYOB.  
Some things I love are the antipasto, the minestrone is drool worthy, the clams and other seafood always fresh and delish, I love the chicken picatta,I don't eat pasta or bread but my hubs LOVES the chicken parm and gnocci, plus the entrees come with pasta (even gluten free pasta) and fresh veg which is the way Italian should be. And they always have specials - most recently the cod topped with Portabello mushrooms and black currant reduction was knock your socks off good.I chose Bacio specifically because I had heard they could accommodate vegans, omnis, and kids. They didn't disappoint. The service was attentive and friendly. They had crayons and paper to keep the kids occupied while we waited for our food. The food was excellent- vegan ravioli for the kids, sweet potato gnocchi and eggplant parm can be made vegan and were excellent. My omni table mates were equally impressed with their dinners. It's always a pleasure when a restaurant offers multiple vegan options, but it's rare that they offer a vegan dessert other than sorbet. Bacio has both multiple vegan options AND a killer vegan cannoli. My kids have already asked when we're going back. We will definitely return frequently.I went there for the first time yesterday and I love how everything is hand made. Nothing is precooked and just reheating it like other restaurants. You see the chef just making everything infront of you. Place is clean and amazing.
If you mention you saw their Facebook, you get free dessert as well! 
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Bacio-Italian-Restaurant/112059195509533?created#!/pages/Philadelphia-PA/Bacio-Italian-Restaurant/112059195509533?ref=ts&__a=62&ajaxpipe=1 
Join their Facebook.Most of the food was fine, but the spaghetti was cooked to mush--it was awful.I cannot say enough good things about Bacio! Last Sunday, my boyfriend and I were calling around for an Italian restaurant that would seat us (it was about 8:25pm and most closed at 9:00pm). Thankfully Bacio is open until 10:00pm and when we arrived we were the only ones there and the owner had stayed open for us! The owner was so pleasant and hospitable. The food was incredible (he cooked for the two of us and everything was fantastic! After our meal he even brought us complimentary deserts! When we got our check we made sure to give him our compliments and thank him and he jokingly said "No problem, I am happy you came! Just know that this one-on-one service is harder to provide on a Saturday night at 7:00pm." We all laughed and thanked him again - We will definitely be back to Bacio (maybe on a Sunday night at 9:00 though).
Overall, this is a fantastic gem of a restaurant. Just know that it is small and remember to be patient if you go at a busy time :) it will be worth the wait!Came here on Sunday (Mother's Day) for a spontaneous date since I was in the area. I was browsing on yelp and got pretty excited to see that there was a gluten free Italian place with great reviews very close by. While the ambiance of the restaurant and the date itself was great, I was very disappointed with the food. 
The restaurant is a small little BYOB run by a husband and wife pair. There are maybe two or three additional staff working at the restaurant. When we came in it took someone a while to come greet us, but they were able to find us a seat immediately. We sat for quite a while before anyone checked in on us, but given how short staffed they were I completely understand that. When our waitress did come over (the wife), she was very peppy and very sweet and she gave us an overview of the menu as well as the specials. 
For an appetizer we ordered the sausage, mussels, and clams dish. It was a bit difficult to pick an entree because I didn't realize that the gnocchi had gluten in it or that they only had gluten free spaghetti as opposed to other pasta types (I was for whatever reason under the impression that there would be more options); they were out of a few of their more popular menu items as well, like the gluten free chicken parmesan. My SO and I ended up ordering the crab linguine (subbing GF spaghetti), and the mushroom w/sage pappardelle (also subbing GF spaghetti). 
We were waiting a bit for our appetizer so I asked for some butter or oil for my SO's bread. Our waitress didn't end up bringing any butter or oil for his bread, but she did then remember to ask them to grill up some GF bread (which was nice). They didn't end up doing it though, so she had to ask again 10 minutes later, once our appetizer had come. The appetizer was okay. It came with large chunks of sausage and plenty of mussels and clams in a spicy red sauce. The mussels didn't taste super fresh to me though, and the sauce wasn't especially exciting. I The GF bread wasn't great (maybe GF bread never is? I've only been avoiding it very recently, while I wait to hear back if I have Celiacs). I asked my SO how his bread was, and he said it was alright. I will say though that the appetizer was incredibly filling (combined with the bread), and by the time our pasta came I was full. 
Our pasta dishes came maybe 15 minutes later. The mushroom w/sage pasta came all cut up, which I wish they hadn't done. If I'm getting spaghetti I like it to be twirl-able. Anyway the dish was really creamy but quite bland. It was in need of some salt or parmesan. I asked for some parmesan and pepper when I saw our waitress next and she said "of course." I had to ask again 20+ minutes later because it never came. Actually, it was when she came over to ask for our check, because my SO had stopped eating, when she finally came over and I was able to ask. She was busy running around so I'm sure she just forgot, but she or someone else should have noticed that I was sitting in front of an uneaten bowl of pasta for 20 minutes. 
The crab pasta was better in that it was salted, but worse in that it was over-salted and the noodles were undercooked. They were mostly edible except for a few very crunchy ones, but it just made the whole thing pretty unappetizing. 
It probably sounds like I had an awful time but I actually didn't, but I think that's a bit more because 1) I wasn't that hungry to begin with so waiting was fine 2) I had good company and 3) the owners were nice. It seems like other people really love this place, so I'm sorry that I didn't have a better experience.For my co-worker's birthday she invited us all out to Bacio to celebrate.  I'll admit that I wasn't really very excited about the idea of paying $16 for a plate of pasta, as I am usually not a very big fan of Italian food.  My initial impression of the restaurant was that it was very cute and romantic, perfect for an anniversary dinner or something of the sort.  We were greeted by an extremely energetic waiter, who was totally a caricature of a stereotypical Italian waiter (his name was Vinny, I mean come on!)  We ended up getting the baked gnocchi for an appetizer and holy crap, it was amazing!!  The texture of the pasta was perfect and the flavoring of the cheesy sauce was to die for.  It was so good that I decided to go with the gnocchi entree with pesto sauce.  I have to admit that I didn't like the entree nearly as much as the appetizer, but it was still tasty, just with a different flavor going on.  Still very good.
On the down side, my friend ordered a soup and although it was hot in some places, it had a big frozen piece in the middle.  The waiter was extremely apologetic and they fixed the plate very quickly.  As an apology they brought us a complimentary plate of pasta with mushrooms as well as a chocolate pastry thing for dessert.  I didn't try the mushroom dish but my friends said it was really tasty.
Throughout our visit the employees were all extremely attentive and friendly.  Although we had problems with the one dish they made sure to quickly correct the problem and made up for it with the extra food.  The food was quite expensive so I'm not sure how often I would be returning to Bacio (I'm quite cheap), however, I did really enjoy my experience.  It thoroughly exceeded my expectations.After the other reviews, I went in expecting a ton of vegetarian entree options.  There were a few standards - cheese ravioli, cheese lasagna, gnocchi, eggplant parm, and spaghetti.  I was hoping for something more inventive so I went with the other veg option: pasta e broccoli which had broccoli, olives, capers, and tomatoes in a wine sauce.
I asked about other veg options (like veg meatballs I had read about) but was told I would have to call ahead at least a day for them to be available.  Huge bummer.  I would never think I'd have to do that but maybe it was because we were dining on a Wednesday.
We were seated immediately.  We were told the night's specials, given bread, glasses for our wine.  The server was wonderful - so friendly.  Food came out a bit slowly but I guess that's what happens when you have only two cooks and one server for the entire place.  No biggie.  We chatted with the two women at the booth next to us.
We ordered a mussels app - my fellow diners said it was good and a large bowl of them though the mussels themselves were very small.
My pasta was good but nothing outstanding.  My mom said her chicken was good though the side spaghetti didn't pair well with it.  The bf said his crab fra diavola was good.  It was a huge portion.
The desserts offered were cheesecake and tartufo, neither of which appealed to me.
I'm thinking perhaps I should have gone with an app or two since they sounded tasty and creative - a portobello mushroom with a gorgonzola something or other, a beet salad...  I didn't want to spoil my appetite.
Damage for the 3 of us: $65+tip.
I liked that we were at a tiny little byo that seemed warm and friendly and out of the city but the food didn't blow me away.  I guess I'll call ahead next time.This restaurant sucks and Vinny is no longer there so we will never eat there again!  went there last night and the service was awful, food slow, the place is disorganized!  Sorry another good restaurant bites the dust!This is the perfect little neighborhood restaurant.  Everything is homemade from the pasta to the soups. 
The staff greets you with a handshake or a kiss as soon as they get to know you and really wants to give you a great experience. 
It is the best BYO outside of center city...and if it was located in center city...it would still give the other BYOs a run for their money.  Try the chicken parm or any of the pastas.  
Definitely worth the trip.Bacio is one of our favorite restaurants in our Mt Airy neighborhood; what a gem!  
We've even had a dinner party there for my birthday a few months back, and the restaurant was very accomodating.  We were able to choose a number of entrees in advance for our guests to choose from, so that the kitchen was prepared and did not have to worry about running out of food.  Service is great and it's more of an intimate restaurant, where the staff and owner knows you by name.
We been there many times since.  I am in love with their handmade pasta.  Also their menu is great- vegan and vegetarian! So it's a great place to take my non-meat eating friends.I've held off on this post for a couple of months, assuming that my disappointment in and displeasure with Bacio would subside over time.  They haven't, and I feel a strong desire to vent here.
My wife and I chose Bacio for our 12th anniversary dinner on June 28, partially because we had been there a couple of times before and enjoyed the food, but primarily because we had picked up a $40 gift certificate at a silent auction.  That gift certificate never was and never will be used by us after our last experience at Bacio, and I won't even give it to someone else to use.
We arrived and were seated quickly enough, opened our bottle of wine and looked at the menu, which had quite a few tasty-sounding options.  It took a little bit of time for our server to come back to the table, which is typically pretty frustrating to me, but we were enjoying ourselves so we didn't think much of it.
When we finally had a chance to order, we asked for the mussels appetizer (my wife loves mussels and had been looking forward to this all day).  I don't even remember what we ordered as entrees, but it doesn't matter.  Things were all downhill from the moment we placed our order.
About 20 minutes later, we asked our waitress how long it would be for the mussels.  She told us "they should be right out."  My wife then sat and watched the kitchen staff put mussels on several other plates (entrees) to go out to people who were seated long after we were, and began to get even more frustrated.  We again asked our waitress when the appetizer would be coming, and were again told "right away."  Our waitress then spoke with the chef, who looked over at our table as if he didn't realize someone was there.  Waitress came back and told us that our food was "coming right up."  
We waited another 20 minutes (I'm not sure why we didn't just get up and leave before this, but we were trying very hard to be patient and enjoy our anniversary dinner) before asking our waitress (who was surprisingly unavailable for such a small space) one more time what was going on.  She immediately went into the kitchen and seemingly began arguing with the chef, who looked over at us, threw a bunch of mussels into a bowl, and walked over to our table.  He asked "Do you still want these?" just as we were getting up from the table to leave.  Our answer: no.  
We eventually sat down for a nice dinner at Hokka Hokka, but no thanks to Bacio for the anxiety, frustration, and hunger caused on what could have been a very nice evening out.  My questions about this horrible service:
1.  Why, when our order was placed, was it ignored by the kitchen?
2.  Why didn't our waitress seem to know that we hadn't received our appetizer after 20, and then 40 minutes?  Should someone else have brought it to us?
3.  After multiple complaints, why were we not taken care of immediately?
I honestly don't understand how Bacio manages to receive such positive reviews.  The space is in serious need of a cosmetic overhaul, the staff seems extremely out of touch, the location is pretty miserable unless you live in the neighborhood, and I'm a dog lover but I do question the legality of a dog wandering around your restaurant.
I have heard rumors of heroin and other drug use by the staff of Bacio from friends who have worked in other local restaurants, and now I believe them.  I would advise anyone looking for an enjoyable dinner in Mt. Airy to avoid Bacio at all costs.  Not even worth it when you're getting $40 off!Bacio gets a 5-star rating for their consistency.  I've been here maybe 5 times since they've opened, and every single time I've had a delicious meal and a nice, un-rushed time.  
It is a very small space, but I've never felt cramped or uncomfortable.  The food is fresh, the service is friendly and not too rushed, and the vibe is relaxed.  It is the perfect "date night" BYOB.  
Bacio is a gem.  Mt. Airy-ites are lucky to have it in their neighborhood.Went here on Saturday with a friend. Had the linguine with scallops and pork in port sauce. DELICIOUS!!! Wait staff were amazing. Owners were great too and it's BYOB!!! Did I mention there's a restaurant dog. Omg!!! Love Love Love. Pasta cooked to perfection!!! I already have plans with the friend to return and now have plans with two other friends to go. Yyyaayy small business.Gave Bacio a try for the first time about a month ago.  I will say I liked it, but didn't love it.  For appetizers we ordered the the calamari, which I liked, but the 3 other people i was with thought it was a little too fishy.  It didn't go very far after being split four ways so we decided to order bruschetta as well.  The bruschetta was delicious and different from what you might expect, but there were only three pieces of it (there is a picture if you want an image to see what I'm talking about).  The issue with that was that we had a party of four.  I feel like we should have been informed of that or maybe they could have thrown in an extra piece.  Just made things awkward for us when it came and one person had to say they didn't want any.
For an entree I got the chicken piccata, which came with a side bowl of spaghetti with marinara sauce.  This too was odd to me.  I usually like my meal to flow a little better and I kind of had two different things going on with that.  Would have preferred some linguini or fettuccine under the chicken with the sauce they cooked it in.  The taste was good, but I've had better in this town before.  
Like I said, the food wasn't in any way bad, just not great for my first time dining there.  With that being said, I would like to go back to try another dish.  I'm thinking the lasagna right now.  Many people love this place so I may have just had a poor experience so I say give it a try.  I know I'll be giving it a second try eventually.Great atmosphere. Very special. Food excellent and made with lots of care. It was our first time there and we were treated like special guests. Chicken parmesan and shrimp scampi outstanding. They gave us a warm piece of ricotta pie  for desert - so delicious!This resturant was by far the best BYOB I have ever set foot in! I would give them 7 stars if I could. The food was outstanding, threw the roof amazing. Fresh, delicious rich amazing! The service I swear was the best, nice kind friendly people truly. I will be returning time after time to this resturant. Bravo, Bacio!Bacio was awful.  It is unfortunate since we have been anticipating going there for almost a year and all of the prior reviews were positive.
Ambiance was very plain and boring.
The cleanliness level of the restaurant was poor, dirt on the floors, cobwebs on the light fixtures, a stale acrid smoke and mold smell was coming from the back of the building where we were seated in the back room area.  The tables are much too long for the banquet seating making for an uncomfortable meal.  
There was an extension cord running through a seat and table for the air conditioner unit near our table.
The food was pitiful sadly upon which i will elaborate.
My caesar salad was very small, filled with romaine cores and saturated in their eggless dressing which was mostly parmesan cheese; it was also very small for a $7.95 salad.
All four of our entrees were luke warm inside which was shocking since the restaurant was practically empty for our sunday evening meal.  The Pasta E Broccoli was poor and filled with well done brocolli.  My lasagna was very plain and drenched in their red sauce to compensate for the average flavor.
A great health code violation was when the server brought us parmesan cheese to grate and handed us a brick of cheese and a microplane grater, this clearly had been given to and handled by many guests.
An additional whopping health violation was when their dog walked up to our table.  Yes!!!!  A dog roaming freely in the seating area and around the open kitchen.  
That is one of the most glaring health violations i have ever seen as a food service professional.
Their bread baskets and table sets for salt and pepper were also filthy and clearly never cleaned after each service shift.
Our server was sloppy, unprofessional and very unattentive, he seemed more like he would be suited pumping gas than serving tables.
All in all this was a majorly disappointing waste of our time and money.
As a resident of Mt. Airy I try to promote our local establishments and enjoy the neighborhood but Bacio is a sad blemish on the delicious food scene in Mt. Airy.We have been to this restaurant many dozens of times. We take friends and family there often; it's our go-to restaurant.
Yes, service can sometimes be slow, but the wonderful food is freshly made, the pasta is homemade, the desserts are homemade and really good, and if you arrive prepared for a bit of a wait, you will have a truly wonderful experience.
When you get to the table, and before you take off your coats or even sit down, ASK FOR AN ANTIPASTO. Open your wine, enjoy the bread and oil with the antipasto, the lively conversation with your dinner partners, and you won't notice the time passing, or be annoyed if your order isn't taken quickly. 
The food is honest and well made, and you'll want to eat it all, but be sure to save room for dessert - take leftovers home if you have to so you have room for dessert.
Some of our faves are the ravioli, chicken francaise, gnocchi, lasagna,  scampi, mussels, spaghetti and meatballs - well, everything we've had has always been delicious. The cannoli, when available, is sublime. The ricotta cheesecake authentic and not too sweet, the chocolate hazelnut tart and the tiramisu are deeply flavorful and delicious.
Jay makes the absolute best pasta fagiole we have ever eaten. We always order that; we're addicted to it.
There is plenty of parking on Lincoln Drive between Mt. Pleasant and Allens Lane. That part of Lincoln Drive is not a high-traffic area, and the restaurant is just around the corner on Mt. Pleasant.
Bring some good italian wines and have a memorable meal in Mt. Airy.I love good, friendly service and you certainly get that here.  We were there on a relaxed Thursday night.  Awesome gnocchi w/ Gorgonzola.  I chose this appetizer portion as my entree and it was perfect.  Great salads.  Everything can be made vegan or vegetarian if needed.  Also got a lovely complementary antipasto platter with roasted peppers, eggplant, mushrooms, cheese, salami, pepperoni, yum!  Great specials including a hot sausage, mussels, clams combo app - delicious! Plus - BYO!!We have been going here for years. This is my family's favorite all-time restaurant! The food is only rivaled by the friendliness of the staff! The two vegans in our family always find incredible dishes.OUTSTANDING Italian food, and this coming from an Italian girl! It is a cosy neighborhood restaurant, with a warm welcome. Don't come here if you are in a hurry or "want to be left alone" -- Vinny likes to talk and everything is fresh and prepared to order. That's what I like about the place, but it's not for everyone.We went here for date night and were so glad we did! The service was wonderful and the food was AMAZING. Because this was our first time there we were given a complimentary slice of cake for dessert. We will be back with reinforcements!First visit to Bacio last night to celebrate 70th birthday of three 'kids' who go all the way back to fifth grade.  We will surely go back.  
The owner and staff were attentive, the owner and chef were pleased to prepare anything we asked for, even off-menu (I had calamari and pasta), the food was tasty and properly prepared, and the price was reasonable.  You're paying for the what counts and not ambience.
Perhaps one-eighth star reduction because it was a bit warm inside - although it was 91°F outside.
--Nice neighborhood atmosphere and friendly staff who go out of their way to make you feel comfortable. But if you like traditional shrimp scampi, don't order it here. It doesn't taste terrible, but it also doesn't taste like scampi. The pappardelle with mushrooms was fantastic. It was made in a cream sauce with an abundant variety of perfectly cooked mushrooms. Stick to the homemade pasta, they'll tell you which is made in house and which isn't. Long wait for our food, but this was due to a party in the back.We were in this part of town randomly to drop our dog at the babysitter. We rarely venture outside of Center City for a meal, but Bacio got us thinking that might be a mistake. 
Reasons Bacio deserves 6 stars: 
- menu was comprehensive but not overwhelmingly so 
- combination of family Mom and pop feel mixed with classy decor and a gourmet menu 
- absolutely delicious (best I've had in Philly) Italian food.  
- gluten free galore if you need it. 
- I asked for spicy, it was too spicy, I was given a free cup of marinara sauce to cut down on the spice. 
- very lovely wait staff 
- best cheesecake I've had in my entire life 
- gluten free apple pie to die for.  
We will gladly drive the 20 ish minutes to go back soon.I lived in Philadelphia for twelve years and in the Mt. Airy area for five.  Bacio is amazing.  Forget South Philly, forget ever other Italian restaurant you've been to, Bacio will beat it out.  The food is amazing, from the fresh pasta to the seafood and the large perfectly cooked steaks.  There's always amazing flavor, fresh ingredients, and if you go there enough they treat you like family.  
WIth that said, after reading some of the not so complimentary reviews, they pretty much all have one thing in common... bad service at Bacio and personally I think that flaw is the reason why the same people discredit the food.  The service is slow.  If you go there knowing that and expecting it to be laid back then you are okay.  If you are expecting fast service you will be disappointed and probably then also feel negative towards the food. 
It's small, intimate, byob, cozy, amazing prices for the quality of food, everything I love when I go out to eat.  I bring all my friends (some pretty serious foodies) and relatives here and they all absolutely love it as well.  I've eaten most everything on the menu and there isn't anything I wouldn't recommend to someone.  If you haven't been, go and support a wonderful small restaurant!  I see a comments about Vinny... if you are there when he's there you are lucky.  Great guy, passionate about food.  The way it should be.This place is spectacular. I was in town from Brooklyn for work, starving, exhausted, and hoping to get delicious vegan food at 8:45pm (15 mins before closing). I called to order take out hoping for the best, and the best did happen. The chef happily made me vegan gnocchi with blush sauce without hesitation. I got to hang out in the restaurant and chat a bit with the chef while he was making the food. The staff was welcoming, but not pushy or over attentive. Plus their adorable dog let me pet it, he's real cute, and hard to not think about sweet potato gnocchi when looking at him.
The food was perfect. Great texture, nice big pieces, and they even tossed in a super large chunk of baguette for me to snack on while I drove home. Super full and happy, thanks Bacio.
I'd love to actually sit down and order, and I will definitely be back now that I know about the vegan cannoli. 
Vegan or not, this is the spot to be.Great ambience.  Amazing food.  Felt like a nice family dinner with the chef/owner walking around (along with his adopted dog and nice wait staff). Romantic music (mixture of Louis Armstrong and Frank Sinatra).  Open kitchen with wonderful smells wafting through! We ordered vegan puttanesca and vegan eggplant Parmesan followed with vegan cannoli.  Best eggplant Parmesan ever!  (Even better than my non vegan days of eggplant parmesan).  Definitely going back to this restaurant!  Oh also everything is available gluten free!I am a recent resident in the Chestnut Hill / Mt. Airy area and have been diligently searching for a local, quality Italian restaurant so we don't have to drive downtown.  Bacio is the answer.  The butternut squash torte appetizer, the pasta fagioli soup, the puttanesca, etc., all delicious and of excellent homemade quality.  This restaurant is quite suited for carnivores, vegetarians and vegans.  The service is excellent and my husband and I have been there on busy Friday evenings.  The ambiance is sophisticated and festive, providing that feeling like you've really gone out somewhere special.  I never felt I waited too long for our orders and appreciate the authentic flavors that only carefully prepared food can deliver.  I highly recommend this BYOB and feel very grateful that we have such a wonderful restaurant in the neighborhood.This place is awesome!! Immediately dug the vibe upon walking in (and being greeted by their charming canine hostess). It's definitely a very cozy atmosphere. When we told the owners' that we were vegan, they were super friendly and told us they could alter almost any item on the menu for us. We had a casear salad and sweet potato gnocchi with pesto. So, so yummy-- some of the best pesto I've had. For dessert they told us they didn't have any vegan desserts, but the owner offered to make us something off-menu. It ended up being a completely delicious brownie with vegan cream frosting. I was so impressed! Not only with the quality of the food which was absolutely delicious, but also how they went out of their way to make us feel accommodated; this is certainly not the norm with most Italian restaurants! We can't wait to make our way back to Bacio's soon, or better yet, here's hoping they open up a place in downtown Philly instead! Thanks for the wonderful meal!A really wonderful neighborhood Italian BYOB. Fresh, amazingly flavorful food, made fresh and enthusiastically served.  I never liked Italian food before I went there. Particular favorites include the antipasto appetizer, the clams & sausage pasta (a regular special if you'll forgive the oxymoron), the puttanesca, and the lasagna. Prices are very reasonable. The ambience is casual and friendly. Highly recommended.Bacio is a great BYO for homemade great tasting Italian food.  The food was delicious and the night's specials, braised short rib appetizer and lollipop lamb chops were cooked perfect.  We arrived at 6:30 and the hostess and cook (I can only assume the owners) made us feel comfortable and like family.  They were very accommodating and attentive to our needs.  Aside from taking a while to get our check at the end of the night when the restaurant was wall  o wall packed, everything was what we expected or better!Went to Bacio last night with the family, its  a cute little spot in mount airey that we drove past the other day.. We arrived and it looked promising. We started with baked gnocchi which wasn't baked rather a pasta plate with Cream sauce and spinach and the capresae salad which lacked balsamic vinegar a key part to a capresae salad... But don't worry the lack of balsamic was covered with salt..  
They messed up my moms salad twice an ten the chief sent over a plate of something that no one not even the servers knew what it was.. The chef ended up telling us it was stuffed peppers (which were okay) and a zucchini corn cake which was nasty.. 
The dinners were surprisingly good I got pesto which was way to creamy for pesto but I mixed it with tomato sauce which made it good, and the ravioli was delicious.. The portion size is HUGE though I swear we brought a freezer home with us... 
The service is another story.. It took 45 minutes to get our appetizer and after that another hour till our dinner.. My brother ended up being late to the party he was going to... We decided that would be our only trip to Bacio due to the bad bread and bad service..Was back again on 5/12/18.  There was a huge party party there taking up over half the restaurant.  Still we didn't have reservations and th ey accommodated us.  !  Food was on point.  I've never had a bad experience here.  They do a solid business.  I'll definitely be back.  And portions are huge!BYOB. Amazing veal n chicken, cooked to perfection. Pasta was kinda nondescript. Best cannoli I've had in a while (skip the tiramisu). Great napoleon too.
Things are made fresh so order early (w/ antipasto) n take ur time.Just returned from a fabulous dinner at Bacio. I ordered the eggplant parm and my friend had pasta with mushrooms and a cheesy sauce. We were both delighted. Both dishes were piping hot and serving size was generous. My eggplant was one of the best I have ever had -- delicately flavored and not overloaded with cheese. It was light and delicious. We both had salads to start and the salads were extraordinary. Mine was spinach, asparagus, artichoke hearts and cheese in a creamy dressing. My friend was expecting a "regular" dinner salad, but she got an interesting blend of lettuce, roasted pepper, beets and more. Yum. Desserts were a hit too. We ordered cannoli and tiramisu. The tiramisu's presentation on the plate could have been better (it looked like a huge glop of pudding). But oh my goodness, the taste was perfection. 
I loved the fact that there were so many vegetarian/vegan options. Cost including tip for 2 people, 3 courses was $84.
We will definitely be coming back.A fairly strange little place that will wow you! The atmosphere looks fancy but the vibe is casual once you sit down- it feels like you are in the owners' home . Run by a husband and wife who share hosting, serving, clean up. The food is nothing short of mind blowing traditional Italian that they happen to be able to make vegan and gluten free if you want it! (This time we ate meat next time we will try vegan) We were over the moon with our gigantic portions of eggplant parm, and the special Bolognese (full of carrots!) the conch (sea snail) salad appetizer was really amazing. The broccoli rabe was a bit overlooked for me but that's minor. We got ricotta cake and though I would usually not like anything not chocolate, I must admit it was well executed with a crust to die for. I was promised a vegan chocolate dessert would be available most other days so we will be back very soon. We brought our own chianti which was perfect. This place is a must-try unique my airy adventure! We were shocked how low the bill was!My wife and I were out looking for Manayunk,  took the wrong road, and ended up in Germantown.  It was 7pm so she pulls out the iPhone and reports that there is an Italian restaurant just up the corner from our lost-ish location that had some good reviews on...you guessed it, Yelp!  
So we ditch the rush hour(s) and stop in.  Previous reviews are pretty much on point.  The fresh handmade pasta was really good and the single waiter is really over extended.  The experience took just over an hour and a half (it was not really too busy) but I was in good company so I certainly did not mind.  We had the bruschetta, antipasto, linguini with shrimp, mussels, and clams, and the cheese raviloi.  All were quite good.  Special drive from center city good,  mmmm, nope.  
If you are lost in Germantown (not likely for any one but Southern transplants I am sure, because so far I seem to only go somewhere via the most retarded route possible) then it is worth the time as long as you are with someone you do not mind spending that time with.I love this place!!!
If you want quick Italian, do not come here. Service is slow, but that is part of the charm. This place has a special vibe, and you feel like you're being invited into someone's house for a meal. There's always great specials, and they are always super accommodating. Sometimes there's a dog who hangs out, but I've seen them put him away if someone asks them, too. (Though I don't know why because he's adorable!)
My favorites here are the chicken parm and the spaghetti and meatballs. I'm not gluten free or vegan, but they are able to make most things for people with either dietary preference/restriction. 
It's also BYOB, so pick up a bottle of wine and bring it with you!Love this place! Always great service, makes you feel like you are part of the family. Can get busy so make sure to make a reservation. Food is delicious and some great vegetarian options, you can always ask for a bit of a custom option as well. BYO too!Food was delicious and fresh. we were seated as soon as we walked in, the waiter was prompt to get our drink order.  we really enjoyed the intimate setting of Bacio and the friendly staff.This is our favorite restaurant. Every time we go it seems better than the time before. Jay (owner/chef) always has great specials, especially veal and fish dishes. A great blend of the adventurous and Italian American soul food like your Nona made.Bacio is my favorite restaurant in the Mt. Airy/ Germantown/ Chestnut Hill area. It is the perfect little neighborhood BYOB. Everything I have ever ordered off the menu has been wonderful but recently I have been almost exclusively ordering their specials- there's usually a bunch of them and they are always fantastic. My favorite recent order has been the Pumpkin soup, and my boyfriend swears by a mushroom/ gorgonzola/ teriyaki appetizer. 
If it is not too crowded the service is fantastic, but if it is crowded you have to be a little patient, which is why you should always bring a bottle or 2 of wine. It really is the kind of place you want to go to when you don't have anywhere to be afterward because the meals can sometimes take a little bit longer to come out... but the wait between the appetizers and entrees is really what makes the meal a special experience, you never feel rushed and you have time to savor the appetizer and build up anticipation for the main course.
Once you try it once, you will keep coming back. It has become my go-to place for special occasions like birthdays, but it is also a very special treat on any ordinary day. I love going there with a bottle of wine after a long day at work. Enjoy!Bacio is a small BYOB with an open kitchen.  The wait staff was very outgoing and friendly.  For a small restaurant we had plenty of room at the small table we were seated at along the kitchen.
Vinny was our waiter and explained in detail all of the nights specials.  For starters we had the Mussels Fra Diavolo and the home made shrimp pasta.
The red sauce for the mussels was fantastic.  The shrimp pasta was made from a large flat pasta  noodle that was folded over itself.  Inside there was a few very small shrimp and I can't recall what sauce was inside.  It was topped with a generous amount of butter.  I thought this app was decent.  They could have used less butter because there was a lot left on the plate after we finished the pasta.
Four our main courses we had the crab linguine and chicken picante.   The crab pasta was my favorite.  They already make a great red sauce so adding crab just improved on a great thing.
The chicken picante was done well.  The only thing I didn't like was that half of the chicken was fresh chicken breast and the rest was made from frozen chicken strips.   They prepared this meal well and the frozen chicken was just a bit more tough.  
I really enjoyed the atmosphere and people at Bacio. I will try and get back there sometime.This place is great!  The food and service were both excellent!  I had the Bronzino and my husband had the veal special.  The Bronzino was super flavorful with capers, olives, and lemon perfectly grilled.  My husbands veal was also very tasty although I don't remember everything that came with it.  One more note a friend had the Chicken Parm and it was fab!  Instead of bread crumb coating they use three cheeses to coat the chicken.. can you say amazing!!?!?  The only thing keeping this review from five stars is the coffee service.  I was really hoping for an espresso with my dessert but they only serve coffee.   Hopefully espresso is in the future! :)This is a lovely neighborhood restaurant.  The food is prepared in an open kitchen in the middle of the small dining room, you can watch them make the pasta.  It's not fancy but it's very pleasant, with red walls,  black and white photographs, patterned tin around the kitchen area.   It's more like Italian home cooking than restaurant food-- fresh pasta, tender sauteed chicken breasts, broccoli rabe with garlic and lemon zest (which is simple but pure genius, the lemon cuts the bitterness of the rabe.  ).  The portions are extremely generous, I always take enough home for another meal.   I admit I'm prejudiced,  Bacio is always very pleasant and it;s walking distance from my house, but it seems to me that the best word for Bacio is "honest."  Good food, friendly service, fair price.
I'm updating this review, six months later.  People who say this restaurant is slow apparently don't understand that they actually make the food to order.  A lot of big restaurants keep everything in a giant freezer. Your order gets tossed in a microwave so it comes out fast.  Real food can be slow food.  If they're crowded-- and I'm glad to say that they often are-- it gets slower because it's a tiny kitchen.A great find!   Food was amazing!    We actually arrived a little before 5:30 opening and the staff were very welcoming.   Atmosphere was nice and cozy.   Again, cannot say enough about the food!   Always a fan of BYOB places to avoid drink mark-ups.  5 STARS - this is an easy one!!Great neighborhood BYOB, with consistently good food and friendly vibe. Highlights in past meals have been homemade ravioli appetizer, fish entrees and ricotta cheesecake. Love the enthusiasm and welcoming energy of Vinnie, the maitre'd/owner, who really does seem to make everyone feel like family....My family and I received tremendous service at Bacio! The waiter offered incredible suggestions & seemed to craft our meal into more than we could have ordered on our own. We were treated with a free appetizer and coffee. This was all nice, but most importantly our food was delicious and fresh! Bacio will be a go-to place for us in the future.If you live in the Mt. Airy section of Philadelphia, Bacio's is an excellent place for a nice dinner out without having to travel far.  This small, unassuming BYOB has an inviting atmosphere, with bright crimson walls, candles on the tables, and an open kitchen.  
The night we went, there were 2 chefs preparing the food, and one person handling service.  
As far as the food, the winner of the evening was the antipasto appetizer.  This dish was very attractively arranged, and included marinated mushrooms, roasted red peppers, beets, asparagus, olives, and an assortment of meats and cheeses.  We ordered the medium sized choice , and it was more than enough for 3 people.  
In general, the portions are very generous at Bacio's.  The menu includes homemade pasta dishes, house specialties which are mostly chicken dishes, and grilled fish, rib-eye, or chicken breast.  Vegetarian items include ravioli (cheese or vegan), meatless meatballs, and eggplant parmigiana.  My pasta dish included silky fettucini, broccoli (somewhat overcooked), and a flavorful white wine sauce.  
Prices for entrees are in the $13-18 range.  
Tiramisu and canolis for dessert were solid, but not memorable.  The coffee reportedly was very good.  
I would not call Bacio's a "destination" restaurant, but if you are close by and would like to go out to eat, it is real asset to have in the neighborhood!I visited Bacio for the first time the other week with a few friends. The waitress was super nice and let us pick any table we wanted as we were the first of the dinner crowd. She quickly opened our wine and rattled off the specials of the night. 
We split the calamari as an appetizer and it was just ok...tasted a little fishy for my liking. For my entree I got the chicken piccata. The chicken was pounded super thin and there was about a half cup on capers on top which eventually started to gross me out a bit. The sauce was very salty and had an overwhelming lemon flavor.
I don't think that any of my fellow diners were thrilled with their meals so I can't say that I would go back. Definitely a nice atmosphere with friendly staff but the food didn't make the cut.
I still have not found any good italian food in this area...someone help!!I can't understand why Bacio keeps receiving rave reviews. We just ate there this evening, and it continues to teeter on the brink of chaos. We waited more than 90 minutes for our entrees, with no explanation or apology. People who arrived at least 45 minutes after we were seated  had completed their meals by the time we received ours. When we began to question where our food was, our party of three was given one 3" cauliflower fritter to tide us over. That was pretty insulting. The side dishes of asparagus and spaghetti marinara had clearly been sitting for some time. The spaghetti was both cold and hard in part, and the asparagus was cold and inedibly charred. I just can't figure out why people are so enamored of this place. If you're not a regular, you're not greeted or thanked. I don't think it will be able to compete in the suburbs when it moves next month.Great little BYO spot that is absolutely CHARMING. Cozy environment with an open kitchen where they make you feel like family. They put on no airs... Just good, homemade Italian food coupled with a colorful staff that makes you feel like they've known you forever.  Love the gnocchi. The place just makes me feel happy!  Highly recommended!This places is like coming home to family. Everything I've ever eaten here had been absolutely amazingI heard this was suppose to be a great place to eat.   Came with my family as a pre wedding dinner.   The food wasn't all that good... the service was ok.. the wait staff did what that could with the amount of ppl that were in my party... we kept getting the excuse that they are moving so certain things were not available.   I think the thing that took us all for a loop was when we were leaving a dog all of a sudden came out and started eating the food that was on the floor.   I love animals but that was not a place for an animal to be.  Hopefully when they complete their move things will be normal again for them.If you've got time this is an amazing Italian restaurant food wise that is. The red sauce here is unbelievably delicious and the true test was that it didn't give me agita!  The waiter/owner/busboy/host (a cordless phone in his breast pocket as he works is priceless) is the reason why you wait. However; he does space out your apps quite well within the wait. This is a dining place. Not an in and out sort of eatery. So make sure you enjoy the company you are with. This is also a byob so bring something you like, cause your gonna finish at least 1 bottle of it before you get served. Enjoy, delight in your company's conversation. When the food comes it will be good. The only thing that I see as a problem which is blatent.. is they really need to hire another waiter and a bus-person. We were there on a Wednesday Night so maybe they have a second waiter on the weekends.Amazing. Everything I've ordered here has been exceptionally delicious. My favorite might be the lasagna, but it's hard to choose! The kitchen is in the front, and the pasta is handmade right in front of you. Their daily special appetizers never disappoint, and for dessert, the tiramisu and the cheesecake are to die for. Great service, ridiculous food/large portions, BYOB... what else could you ask for?!Went for dinner and was greeted by a dog not a host.  Was finally seated and realized they had one wait staff for the entire restaurant.  She was clearly overwhelmed and poorly organized which impacted the experience.  The dog was borderline begging which was a tremendous put off.   Had the eggplant rollatini for a starter with a Caesar salad.  Neither were anything to write home about and the portion on the rollatini was very small.  Dinner was the eggplant parm and the soft shell crab special.  The eggplant was overcooked and difficult to eat. The soft shell crab was the winner.  Overall, very mediocre, poor service and entirely overpriced.  Wouldn't returnI'm so happy I finally journeyed the short distance and tried this spot. We didn't have any issues with service yet it was quite the opposite because it was great.  We understand homemade food takes more time to make and appreciated every bite!  We will definitely go back to try other items that looked good on the menu.  We had the caprese salad- yum, and the eggplant rotini- also a hit.  Dinners were the chicken francese which was heavy but so fresh and lemony. Hubby had the homemade lasagna which was the best we've ever had.