It was great! I got the Shrimp Fry with mashed potatoes and NE Clam Chowder. It was a fantastic meal and great service!Delish! Got the Angry Mussels and the Shrimp n Grits. Very Happy. And a Long Island Iced Tea  X 2mStopped in Sat around 5:30 got a seat at the bar it began to fill up very quickly lots of people standing around I guess the Laban review(daily news) sparked a lot of interest, as always.Bartender very good service!
Beer selection is good not great but good enough.I had beer and ordered a bowl of clam chowder,big pieces of clam in it,very good.Had another beer and ordered the fish and chips with the musheee pee's,very good as well.First time having pees' they were good.I can't eat spicy and there seems to be a lot of spicy items on the menu for some reason,wanted to get the shrimp and grits but has spicy sausage so passed.I will return with my wife at some point though, had a good experience.An unexpected delicious dinner on a hot summer night . The fish tacos and wings were delicious and packed some heat!  I also loved that a dessert option was Stocks' pound cake, gotta love a neighborhood favorite.Great place! Same owners as Loco Pez. The service is great and the fried fish is perfect! We really enjoyed this place and have added it to our weekly rotation of restaurants in the neighborhoodOk let me start by saying that I'm not a seafood kinda guy so if you're looking for a review of the fish I can't give it! Except I had the shrimp cocktail and it was very good, my wife who loves seafood had the special of the day ((Golden tile)) she loved it.
I had the burger with spicy slaw (I'm more of a creamy slaw kinda guy) saying that it was very good and spicy (kinda pickled I guess) the BAIT BUCKET is off the hook!!! No Pun intended!!! 
DEFINITELY A MUST GO TO PLACE!!!
Large dining area inside and out with 8 picnic tables.
Staff are well knowledgeable of the menu, spoke clear and friendly always checking in to see how we are doing.
I recommend getting the Nashville dry rub light I got a few mouthfuls of the rub, kinda like a dry paste that took away from my enjoyment slightly.Great place to eat! My only issue is that they don't have mustard to put on your burger, so I end up being that weirdo that brings mustard with them in their purse.I hate throwing around 5 star ratings, but damn.....I've been really impressed by some of the new spots in Port Richmond and Fishtown this year!!   Add B+S to the list!!
The first time I came I came for happy hour, the first week they opened.   I arrived at 4:59pm and immediately began smashing half off drafts and punches + slurping down dollar oysters (my girl encourages me to indulge in them ;)    I don't really remember leaving, but we hung at the bar and talked to some cool people and the oysters were in my system for like 2 days. 
The 2nd time we came back, beers were only $1 off, not half price, I'm guessing they were getting spanked on beer cost, i get it.  That's like the only negative thing I can say.  
I had more oysters and the fried shrimp.  Bro, these shrimp are NOT skimpy at all and cooked perfectly.  The sides were just as good.  I loved, loved the creamy slaw and they had collard greens that night.  
I'll be going back again shortly.  Three people have now said that I need to try the cheeseburger?   The cheeseburger?  Seems sacrilegious at a seafood place, but it shows that the kitchen is legit.Seriously disappointing. Great bar and friendly bartenders, but barely mediocre food. Homemade but bland clam chowder - was it thickened with cornstarch?  The greasiest clams casino I've ever had - not good "buttery" greasy, just canola oil greasy. The shrimp and grits entree was simply inedible. If you scraped the industrial garlic-coated (and I mean coated) shrimp, tomatoes and kielbasa off the top, the cheesy grits were delicious, but the main element was simply horrible. 
Our waitress seemed stoned but the others looked like they were on top of things. 
The saving grace to our meal was the fry basket. Delicious assortment of lightly coated seafood well fried and great slaw  but the fries were grey and unappetizing. 
No one at the tables around us seemed happy with their meal either. 
Oh well - the search for a replacement to old time Snocky's and Walt's continues.I really do lol this place but the oysters have been a little gross.  I will prob write more, but have to eat now.Took me a while to write this but I was rather disappointed .. I came here about 1-2 weeks after it opened and was very disappointed ... Especially bc I LOVE Pez!!! 
I was soooo happy to hear a seafood place was opening by me!!! Philly is in desperate need of a good seafood restaurant ... Unfortunately this place isn't it... I'm hoping it because it just opened its working out the kinks!!! Especially bc I live a few blocks away
1) we came at happy hour and weren't told of any of the specials
2) mostly all the food is fried FRIED!!!! Seriously??? 
3) I never leave a glass empty ... I got the punch and it was horrible I couldn't even choke a quarter of it down ... 
4) mostly everything is FRIED ... Sorry I'm so upset about this but it saddens me
I got blackened fish tacos and the seasoning was overly salty on the fish u couldn't enjoy it or taste anything else
My mom got the vegan meal because she was sooo disappointed at the seafood options (and she loves seafood more than me) 
Hush puppies were dry and tasteless
Unfortunately me and my friends planned a date to check this place out when it first opened for August 13th but I came before it as a last minute dinner with my family... I'm dreading coming back but Hoping by then things change ... I'll be posting an update!!! 
Came back with my friends and the food and drinks were much better!!! ... I got their greens of the day which was a cooked kale and it was great!! Def a much better experience than the first timeI had ordered 3x's via "Grubhub".  Amazing!! Went out on a 1st date and thought... "why not go to Bait & Switch".  She loved it!  I loved the food even more than via GrubHub.  Amazing server "Tristin" too the night off with amazing service and conversation.  She had the Shrimp & Grits.... I had the soft shell crab sandwich.  Great... Giving Soul.Took away a star because despite being great every time I've went they appear to have eliminated brunch.Being a new bar/restaurant opening up within walking distance from my house, it needed to be tried out.
We walked in, a party of four, they said it would be about a fifteen minute wait. In the meantime, we hopped to the bar to grab a beer for the wait. The service was prompt and the selection was great. But this is where the good experience ended.
Our table was ready within the stated fifteen minutes. We sat down, menus were brought, and cups of water were offered.
We then proceeded to be more or less ignored for twenty minutes. With waitresses constantly walking past, we thought that one was bound to notice and provide some service. Rather than asking for someone to attend to us and become "that table", we opted to leave, as the experience was sort of tarnished.
It's a shame, the menu looked great and we were eager to try different items.
Maybe after some time we will give it another try.Great neighborhood spot!  The food is well thought out and creative, while incorporating neighborhood favorites like Czrew's and Stock's.  The punches and speciality cocktails (including brunch cocktails) are also great and the tap list is always changing.  Only complaint: I wish there were more in-house cocktails/punches to chose from!Let me start out by saying that I have been in search of a neighborhood spot that is not a dive. That sells great food at reasonable prices. Yet has the feel of being a spot you can come to every day and feel like you really had a special experience. I was beginning to think that would never happen. Most of the new upcoming restaurants are opening closer to Front and Girard. Not near my East Kensington home. Well all of that has now officially changed! I found Bait & Switch!
 I was driving down Belgrade Ave minding my business when an unassuming building caught my eye. And the first thing I saw was the words "seafood bar". I literally gasped. My favorite food ever! AND it's only 5 minutes from my home. I immediately called my husband and told him we must try Bait & Switch asap! 
  We decided to check out the Brunch hours because....well it's brunch. Best of both breakfast and lunch. We weren't disappointed. From the moment we walked in we got a really cool vibe. From the retro looking bar area to the fishing nets being used as curtains. The wood beams on the sealing and the pictures of famous captains on the wall. Including my personal favorite Captain Jean Luc Picard of the Starship Enterprise. Automatic win in my book! I was immediately impressed. We sat down and were given menus by a very helpful staff. The menu was great as well. Just big enough with many delicious sounding options. We started out with two cocktails. A Bloody Mary and A Schuylkill Mimosa. Both delicious. And we ordered an Avocado pickled shrimp Salad. She put our order in while we studied the rest of the menu. The salad was very refreshing and bigger than we expected. Enough for us to share. I decided on the Bayou Benedict a shrimp and Keilbasa take on eggs Benedict. The English muffins were large and tasty and the sauce! Omg! My husband ordered the Admirals Feast. An extremely generous breakfast. 3 eggs scrapple bacon home fries AND a waffle just because! A nap was immediately needed after consuming it. My husband ate every bite. I'm in awe. 
The music was old school and perfect. There is an outdoor eating area. And bike stands outside. There is nothing not to love about Bait & Switch. I highly recommend it. We have found our neighborhood spot! Finally!Food is great. Very generous portions. I had the fry basket which had a gorgeous slab of juicy succulent fish, three huge delicious butterfly shrimp and a pile of clams and oysters. Came with two nicely portioned sides, both very good and tasty, plus two sauces for dipping. Beers are reasonably priced and there's a big selection; cocktails started at 7 bucks.
And yes, as others have pointed out, service is leisurely. If you're in a hurry this ain't for you. If you're out with friends for good food and conversation and don't mind waiting a little longer for your courses, it's a very comfortable place and the noise level (at least in the upper room) is low. As someone who has worked in a variety of restaurants, my assessment is that the owners are less interested in rushing customers in and out and that the wait staff is a bit thinner to allow them to make the same tips on more tables with less turnover. Also, although the food was slow, the waitress was never awol, checking in often. My guess is the kitchen has their hands full because all the courses (both apps and entrees) are large and many come with sides. It no doubt takes a little extra time to maintain quality on quantity.
Desserts are also excellent. The pecan pie is big enough to share and the coffee is rich in flavor. The staff was attentive without being intrusive. Although we all acknowledged the service was a bit slow it was fine for us. We drank and joked and enjoyed the food when it came. And we all agreed we'd be back. In a city with many great restaurants this is a welcome addition, particularly for residents of the river wards.Their blackened fish (usually a different one each week) is delicious and fresh. I have it with corn on the cob, cornbread (I love corn) and collard greens. Cocktail selection is very good, but I confess that I need to explore more in this area.
Their key lime pie is absolutely FABULOUS. It is the best I have ever had, honestly, because they make it from scratch and don't do silly things such as add fake coloring or too much sugar.
The service is always impeccable.Excited for a good seafood joint close to Fishtown. Went there with friends shortly after it opened and the food was pretty good. Yes a bit salty and most menu items were fried, but if you like those things (like me) then you'll be happy as a clam. 
The fries with the clam chowder on them were awesome. I ended up getting a burger which was delicious. My wife got the fish tacos which she had a hard time finishing because they were too salty. 
Overall, the ambiance is cool, food is good and it's an neat place, I'll be going back but there is some room for improvement as they work out their kinks after opening.Slammin had the Tunna steak sandwich and it was pretty awesome. Cool vibe ... good beer too .Ok let me start by saying that I'm not a seafood kinda guy so if you're looking for a review of the fish I can't give it! Except I had the shrimp cocktail and it was very good, my wife who loves seafood had the special of the day ((Golden tile)) she loved it.
I had the burger with spicy slaw (I'm more of a creamy slaw kinda guy) saying that it was very good and spicy (kinda pickled I guess) the BAIT BUCKET is off the hook!!! No Pun intended!!! 
DEFINITELY A MUST GO TO PLACE!!!
Large dining area inside and out with 8 picnic tables.
Staff are well knowledgeable of the menu, spoke clear and friendly always checking in to see how we are doing.My wife and I went for Brunch this weekend. Great experience. Henny the bartender was polite and very courteous. The food was off the hook good. Very nice atmosphere as well. We will be returning for dinner soon...Great place! The food is delicious. Fresh and flavorful. Reasonably priced . Service was friendly and accommodating. Decor is spacious and understated . I highly recommend this spot to any seafood loversSolid moderately priced seafood joint.  This is a good drink and eat spot if you want some fried seafood.  There are not many places in philly like this, where you can chill at the bar or get a table and get seafood without paying a ton.  Soo ya gotta check it out..right?we stopped by here b/c we heard they have bangin' clam chowder! and YES it was worth it! it was very smokey with bacon and clam bits are visible! the broth is a little less creamy than your ubiquitous chowder but fear not! it still packs in all the flavors! 
we also got the fry basket which was super delicious! props on the fry batter! they did a really good job~ everything was crispy without the extra fluff.  portion is great for sharing! i'll be honest, it was way too much fried stuff for me but worth treating myself to!  another awesome part is they have several kinds of sauce you can try on the side~ my favorite was the creamy cerole sauce.  it went well with everything on the platter~  the thai chili sauce was good too! it really enhanced the seafood flavors.  good combo with the fish.  the platter also comes with 2 sides~ we got a veggie and the cheesy grits.  they were alrite, i wasn't totally feeling them but i just wanted something not fried on the side lol
overall, great spot if you're a local.  worth checking out if fried seafood is what you're looking for~  we were there friday night and parking wasn't too terrible.  i would definitely go back the next time i take a break from my diet!Pleasantly surprised.. my sandwich was scrumptious and piled high with fish.. fries were good too.. there were quite a few items on the menu that I would like to try.. be back soon (thumbs up emoji)The clams casino were delicious as was my fried fish with hush puppies and coleslaw. The coleslaw was fresh tasting and not overly dressed. My  husband ordered the angry mussels and they were really good. The jalapeños and kielbasi add a good flavor. He also had the Port Richmond Surf and Turf which is a sandwich with hot sausage and a crab cake. We shared the chocolate pecan pie which is served with ice cream. Delish! They have several craft beers on tap if that's your thing.  I'm sure we will be returning.I'm a huuuuuuge Pez fan so I was glad to hear my favorite crew from there opened a new place that crosses the Lehigh Avenue barrier.
We went here late night to get some food in the stomach after a saturday night of drinking.
it's an easy walk from green rock tavern, just hit the underpass at belgrade and you walk right up to it.
We had schuykill punch and it packs a good punch! two of those put us up another level.
then we had shrimp cocktail and clam chowder as apps.
shrimp cocktail was good, not huge shrimp, but not too much cash either. 
The chowder was excellent, big chunks of clams, ham, etc. very tasty.
Had the fish and chips. Excellently prepared in the british style--with the mashed peas and mint on the side.  Maybe too english? I felt the entire thing needed salt, but that was an easy fix.
kudos for having the malt vinegar on hand, that always makes the dish in my mind.
service was good--we were at the bar. 
I cannot wait to go back, I want to try the fried platter and get some more of that chowder and punch. maybe during happy hour to get more of a discount on those punches...
I had one complaint, which is that it was way too cold in the place at midnight. But, given the heat wave, I am guessing they had the AC cranked for the daytime temps and the crowds and when it cools off and empties out it just seems too freezing in there.
In short, I loved this place, and had some fish and chips that reminded me of a nice pub in England. Cannot wait to get back.  Not sure what the usual haters are complaining about, for a place that just opened, I thought Bait and Switch was great and when we were there they had everything done right.This is one of my new favorite places to eat.  The food is absolutely incredible, the staff is always friendly and the atmosphere is perfect.  I love It is here and I highly recommend!Another place I don't wanna tell you about because I want it all to myself. Definitely NOT a bait & switch!! Perfect mix of casual  atmosphere and fine food. It's looks like a converted neighborhood bar, but very spacious and comfortable inside (still has a nice oval bar upfront). The menu is not overly large but they cover many of the classic's updated nicely. The crab cakes were awesome... like Jerry Lee Lewis ' all killer no filler'.  Many of the dished are offered either broiled, blacked or fried. The app's (BBQ shrimp, cheese curds) were delicious.  Dessert (Key Lime Pie) was large and outstanding! Our server was excellent, genuine, friendly, efficient and knew everything about the food. They do accept reservation although not mentioned on their website. Parking could be tight because it is located in a residential neighborhood.Got to hangout with my son last night and had a Blast. Food, Drinks and atmosphere were great. Bar staff could not have been more attentive and gracious.Amazing new place! Stopped in for a mid afternoon bite and Bait Bucket was perfect. Cocktails and draft list are on point. We can't wait to come back.What a great date night spot! The back patio was adorable and quiet. We went on a Tuesday night for their all you can eat crab leg special - such a great deal! The crabs were delicious (all 5 rounds) and even came with unlimited fries and coleslaw. Our server (Matt?) was the best and made sure that our plates and drinks were alway full. Paired the crabs with some awesome Stateside Vodka drinks - definitely try the Peach Icepick. A little sweet, but very refreshing. We'll definitely be back with some friends next week!I absolutely love Bait & Switch! I have been two times for dinner and now once for brunch. Such a great new additional to the neighborhood and the entire Philadelphia food scene. The fish and chips are phenomenal, but if you're looking for something a bit lighter you can get your fish prepared a multitude of ways. For those feeling more carnivorous the burgers are some of the best in the city. Brunch is new to the restaurant and did not disappoint!! The southern flair to the brunch menu leaves you feeling comforted and full! I recommended the Monkey Bread to start followed by the Chicken and Waffles. Prices and great and portions are even better.Love this place!!!! I have been here twice and so far everything I have ever ordered has been great and the service was excellent too!!Nice restaurant. Service was slowwww. I came toward the end of happy hour and was able to get some happy hour specials. My hubby and I asked for our drinks and received them 15 minutes  later. Someone else served us our food. Next thing I know, the waitress asked us if we were finished and that was it. I would have like to have had another beverage.Everyone has raved about this place so I finally caved and went for s date with my girl!!  Let's start with the positives...Great bartender and good selection of draft beers with good service!!  The negatives...Expensive as hell for simple bar food...I mean $17 for fish n chips?? All the prices were out of control to be honest!!  Food was just "Ok" and menu was limited...crowd was weird but packed in there!! Just not my scene at all for a bar in Port Richmond!!  Disappointed at say the least after a $70 bill for basically nothingMy boss recommended this place for my wife and I. She is local in the area and loves this place. Sorry to say the service sucks so bad. The server Francessa was totally horrible,Im still in shocked. This is my first bad review ever, couldnt believe it took 40 minutes for a drink on a Thursday night. She never checked on us and forgot to take our dinner order. Not sure why she enjoys talking more than doing her job. The food was delicious and atmosphere was extremely nice. Next time I will just go to Loco Pez or Cook and Shaker for dinner. Please Train her again to do her job. The door greeter was pretty awesome.Food was great but they need less fried entrees and a better liquor selections, more top shelf stuff.
But the serves was outstanding, said she was from south philly and she had the charm. Loved her!When was the last time you said to yourself "I can't wait to go to Belgrade & Somerset?" probably never, till now. Bait an Switch has great happy hour specials and Tuesday AYCE snow crab legs accompanied by buck a shuck oysters, they also have Poutine people... Formerly known as Belgrade Tavern or 3 Fishes, totally redone with great and friendly staff. My only complaint is they dim the lights very low, and only bring one cluster of crab legs every time. Other than that, we can't wait to get back.Great addition to the neighborhood. Nice selection of craft beers and a varying menu to appease not only seafood fans, but meat and veggie lovers as well. Perhaps the best oysters in Philadelphia.Good spot..very clean..great service and foods.
Solid roast beef sandwich.good veggies .
Drinks very good too.a tad pricey but good quality..We had the best time. Happy hour runs till 7:00. Had a dozen raw oysters. They were great! At least 10 of them. Two were a little sad but for a buck each I won't bitch. The $5 wings were great. Not just good. The clams casino were the big disappointment. Who puts cheese in clams casino? And they were not hot. The bartenders were great and the place was jamming! So would I go back? In a second. The rest of the menu looks like a winner!I have been meaning to write a review and should have done this earlier! You won't find another place like Bait and Switch in the city. They are a low key bar/restaurant with exceptional food. The fried shrimp is scrumptious and cheese curds so yummy and flavorful. The sides are amazing and we've always had excellent service. 
The outdoor area is great on a cool summer night! If you are looking for something different, definitely check this place out!This is my second favorite spot in the city right now!  Especially when it comes to brunch.  The La Colombe coffee they have doesn't hurt!  Even my Girlfriend who is not fond of sea food really enjoyed it.  My only problem with this place is ordering to much food!  The portions are pretty healthy if you're an average eater.  So my suggestion is go back multiple times rather than doing an appetizer and a meal.  Or if you're a couple get an appetizer and split the meal.
In any case this is the best sea food place I've found in Philly.  In fact they are kinda few and far between when it comes to Sea food.  Unless I'm just not looking in the right places.The answer our neighborhood was looking for. Great food, good people, and did I mention great food!  I have yet to be disappointed with any meal I ordered.  They also have a great beer selection to pair with the food.  All around a great experience that I look forward to repeating!A very laid back place with great food. . . Service was good. Drinks were refreshing lol Our waiter was very attentive & helpful. Overall an amazing experience.What's a vegan doing hanging out at a seafood restaurant north of the wall in Port Richmond you say? Good question. I'd heard about a vegan option and a solid beer selection and I must say that the B&S did not disappoint. In fact, the Not Fish Basket was quite possibly one of the best vegan dishes I've had in the city, and I've had quite a few. The blackened tofu was immensely flavorful and aromatic as was the bed of barley and vegetables it was served on. The plate came with an additional two vegetable options. We selected the seasonal greens (fantastic) and the fries (very good). The portion size was large, enough for two of us. Definitely a good value at $15. Craft beer options on draft and in bottle/can were plentiful- a nice selection. We'll see how often they change it up as I definitely plan to make this a regular stop despite having to dodge a few zombies to get there. Still worth the risk. I imagine if the fish is anywhere near as tasty as the tofu, this place will really thrive. But I don't eat the poor little swimmies, so you're own your own with that.Was here last night, Saturday, with my wife. I very much like the ambiance of the restaurant.  I ordered the cheese curds and clams casino to start. They were both good, but not hot.  I got the fried seafood platter and my wife the tacos.  Again my platter was tasty, but just luke warm.  The place was not busy.  My wife liked her fish tacos. Relatively inexpensive.  S&B should endeavor to make sure each plate that leaves the kitchen is hot.  I'll give it one more chance.Blackboard specials....great burger...great fish platter...charred breen beans...the individual key lime pie...I'll have one of everything. The staff is attentive and friendly and I have made this a go to for date night and family dinner. Bravo!Ambiance ok.  Way over priced. Don't have real wine glasses. I can safely say this place is either a front for a drug or money laundering business or the owner has delusions of grandeur . I will happily never return. Our bartender is training his first night here. Obviously there is a big turnover in staff and the place is just weeks old,Delicious seafood! The fish fry here is spot on. Outstanding happy hour. Definitely a must if your a fan of seafood.I am not writing this review to comment particularly on the food at this establishment.  In fact, the food is the least of this place's problems.  The issue with this location is that the music they play is absolutely insufferable.  I would prefer organ music at a Lutheran service or Tibetan throat singing over the garbage they insist on putting through the loudspeakers at Bait & Switch.  The soundtrack is comparable to the incessant debris you hear echoing through the ages when you frequented dive bars in your college years, they might as well be playing "Livin' on a Prayer" at closing every weekday night to symbolize how uninspired the tracks played are.  One day it's the most bland 70s dad-rock you can bash your head against the wall to and the next it's Madonna's last gasp at relevance.  I've heard more variety and depth in auditory selection at a blue-collar Applebees in rural Pennsylvania.  
Last Sunday I was there for a casual brunch and it was somewhere between Lynyrd Skynyrd and Pinball Wizard that I realized the evolved headache embedded in my psyche wasn't just from binge drinking the night before.  An actual true story: My friend and I told the bartender to put on Yanni one Sunday morning as a joke and the bar became noticeably happier, yes - YANNI was more pleasing to the ears than the ubiquitous slop which Bait for some reason insists is relevant to the area they are in.  It's almost as if they created a great bar with wonderful ambiance and a coherent theme, then gave up when it was time for picking the music.
Please, Bait and Switch employees - whoever is reading this - I beg of you.  I am a regular customer.  Please at the very least consider other music options.  I don't care if you have an audio book of Moby Dick being read aloud to the sound of ocean swishing to keep up your intended theme just put on ANYTHING other than the soundtrack you have now.  I know FACTUALLY that your music keeps people away, and turns off the customer base which is gentrifying Port Richmond into an actual feasible and evolved area to live in.
Four stars for everything else, food is phenomenal.  Although there is a certain bartender there who does an extremely poor job, but I'm sure the staff already knows who she is so I will not put out a name nor description.  Dull personality and does a dreadful job at making bar-goers feel welcome.  
Thank you.
P.S. Anyone else who reviewed this location and approves of the music in here is a nostalgist dinosaur hampering over relics from a time long ago, who obviously lacks recognition of taste and nuance in their dining experiences.Food was good. Service, not so much. I'm pretty sure the server was high. Took 30 minutes at the table before being asked if we wanted a drink. Seemed like the waitress Would rather b.s. With the other staff instead of doing her job. Not likely to return.Took me a while to write this but I was rather disappointed .. I came here about 1-2 weeks after it opened and was very disappointed ... Especially bc I LOVE Pez!!! 
I was soooo happy to hear a seafood place was opening by me!!! Philly is in desperate need of a good seafood restaurant ... Unfortunately this place isn't it... I'm hoping it because it just opened its working out the kinks!!! Especially bc I live a few blocks away
1) we came at happy hour and weren't told of any of the specials
2) mostly all the food is fried FRIED!!!! Seriously??? 
3) I never leave a glass empty ... I got the punch and it was horrible I couldn't even choke a quarter of it down ... 
4) mostly everything is FRIED ... Sorry I'm so upset about this but it saddens me
I got blackened fish tacos and the seasoning was overly salty on the fish u couldn't enjoy it or taste anything else
My mom got the vegan meal because she was sooo disappointed at the seafood options (and she loves seafood more than me) 
Hush puppies were dry and tasteless
Unfortunately me and my friends planned a date to check this place out when it first opened for August 13th but I came before it as a last minute dinner with my family... I'm dreading coming back but Hoping by then things change ... I'll be posting an update!!!Excellent fresh seafood. Best fish and chips I've had and probably the best in this area . Friendly staff and great happy hour specials . Worth a trip or 12 if you like seafood made the right wayWe went for happy hour and got about 2 dozen oysters. They were pretty decent oysters, and the fried chicken was great. They get really busy pretty quick so I'm glad we got there on the early side. We'll go back.When the hype turns out to be true...YES! I was not steered wrong when I was told to check this place out. Upon entry there's a nice, full bar with a few flat screens around for patrons' sports watching pleasure. I took one look at the menu and was blown away by the selections. Conch fritters, redfish, oysters, mussels, tuna cheesesteak...yeah, I said it, a TUNA cheesesteak. Don't sleep on this! It's pretty tasty. As were the crab cakes, mussels, and clam chowder. I also appreciate the $3 High Lifes. For nice weather days, check out their outdoor seating area as well. A definite Port Richmond gem!We couldn't wait for this to open. It's awesome to have a good place nearby to eat. We wanted someplace casual to go and celebrate our anniversary. Good menu and drinks. We got the bait bucket which is fries, cheese curds and New England clam chowder. It sounded a little weird to my wife but it was really good. We also got the wings which were amazing!  And, we shared a fried basket. It was fried shrimp, clams, scallops, cod, and hush puppies. It was very tasty except for the hush puppies. They weren't our favorite.. We were stuffed. Not really a diet friendly menu but good nonetheless. Looking forward to trying it again!Their happy hour goes till 7!   They have a great beer selection and some delicious dollar oysters during happy hour.   I've yet to get the key lime tart, but it looks delicious!In a city with a rich maritime history there are surprisingly few restaurants devoted to seafood.  And many of the traditional ones have closed.  Well it's good news then that a new seafood restaurant has opened up in Port Richmond.  Bait & Switch is a nautically themed pub and restaurant with an outdoor patio in warmer weather.  Everyone is friendly here and they are trying to build a clientele.  I recently ate at the bar and enjoyed very much their Port Richmond Surf 'n Turf sandwich.  This was a homemade fishcake and Polish hot sausage topped with pepper hash in a Philly roll served with fries.  A side of spicy slaw completed the meal. I should add here portions are large - come hungry!   Bait & Switch is easy to find and I recommend that you do.  Hey, I noted right away their happy hour specials including buck-a-shucks on certain nights.Awesome experience. The food was terrific and the service was excellent. Try the Mississippi Mule, it delicious!!Went for dinner with friends last night, and we all really enjoyed it! The decor is an understated nautical theme, with lots of wood and sails stretched on the walls. Very cool and not kitschy at all. Our reservation for 6 was seated promptly, and the server was quick and super nice. Everyone enjoyed their meals, which were mostly seafood. The fried shrimp that I ordered were great- huge shrimp lightly breaded and not heavy or greasy. The hush puppies were slightly sweet, flaky and perfectly cooked, and the charred green beans were phenomenal. Also a cool thing was when the bill came, the check presenter was really unique, definitely made by an artist. Bonus points for details! Would definitely recommend.Well, over the last two weeks we had some time to kill and decided to give Bait & Switch a couple more tries.  And I'm very glad to have done that.
While there are definitely some kinks that are likely being ironed out, on both occasions the food was delicious and the food delivered promptly after ordering.  Thanks to some nicely crisped fish tacos and a stunning softshell crab sandwich, I'm definitely going to add Bait & Switch back into my rotation (because eating out is far better than sweating in my own kitchen).Very good drinks.  Superior bar aura.  The food is delicious.  The bucket of fries with claim chowder sounds gross but it is sooo good.  The shrimp and grits are terrific.  The fried fish is a fish and chip junkie's dream.The bait bucket fries were terrific.  They a bucket of fries with old bay, cheese curds, and a scoop of New England clam chowder on top.  I know that it might seem weird, but it was super tasty, especially with a little Crystal hot sauce on top. 
The shrimp and grits were terrific.  The kielbasa and the cheesy grits went perfectly with the shrimp.  
I tried my friend's tuna cheese steak.  Seared tuna with provalone, long hots, onions, and kale.  It worked so much better than I would have thought.
Oysters weren't my favorite. I kept having to pick bits of shell out of my mouth.
Very pleased that they had a dunkle on tap.
I was a little disappointed that the Port Richmond Surf and Turf was not on the menu.  This was the whole reason that I bookmarked this place to begin with. 
Mixed bag with the service.  Some were very friendly, some seemed to not really want to deal with the table.Food is way too salty. Waitstaff is inattentive and seemingly inexperienced. Too much kitsch in the use of kielbasa, as if we don't know that Port Richmond is the kielbasa capital of Philadelphia. We came here to GET AWAY from kielbasa. (It's a seafood restaurant, yes?)
Booze is high for what it is. No option to purchase bottles of wine, must purchase by the glass for approx 9 bucks per small glass.  I ordered two glasses, my second was half full and warm.
The wait time for both food and drinks was quite long.Great food every time we come here, I love the Clams Casino, Fried Shrimp cooked perfectly and the sauces the give for it are deliciousAmbience/service: This place has good service. We went on a Monday night so it was pretty slow but our waitress was nice and was menu competent. Food came quickly. Music was what one would expect from an up and coming hipster area. Plenty of times to sing along.
Price: For a neighborhood joint, the drinks are slightly overpriced, as are some other menu items (esp for the area). But I'm a sucker for good customer service.
THE FOOD/drinks: Over salted. The recipes and flavor are good but a little salt goes a long way on seafood. The flavor is delish but please use less salt. I had a rum based cocktail delish. Usually I'm not a fan of rum but this mix was bomb.
Overall: I'd go back and just specify to go light on seasoning, I want to live to enjoy the food :) Can you guys review drink prices please? Thanks.~Just moved to the area & The Bait & Switch seems to be the top nightlife establishment in walking distance regarding new decor, drink selection, square footage, & food variety.
First impressions: upon entering there is a round-a-bout bar leading into an indoor dining area, & then even an refreshing outdoor patio with tables. This reminded me of restaurants I would go to after a long day of hauling in fish after a booze cruise. The staff was very friendly & informative. The fact that karaoke was being started up made the atmosphere even more enjoyable. 
I ordered the black pearl drink (their take on an old fashion) it was well put together, & made me want a blue moon to play off the caramel orange flavor. I also put in a fish taco order to go, because I was feeling the late night munchies. It was constructed with quality ingredients; although the fish in the top taco picture was only the size of my finger, & the other ingredients over powered what should be the star of the dish. 
The don approves of this establishment & will be back~
Update: The Don came back with a lovely guest aka, The Duchess. It twas' quite busy as we entered, but to our surprise we were immediately sat by the hostess. Of course starting off with drinks, the recommended special for the night, an alluring strawberry banana cocktail. After some good convo & some liquor in us, we decided to just go for entrées. The Duchess was drawn to the Salmon & Grains dish, she conveyed the following statement "the salmon was quite tasty! Firm & flaky with the perfect amount of salt & spices. The chubby grains could have used a bit more flavor for the duchess's taste, but overall a 10 out of 10." Myself, the Don, was intrigued by the special catch of the day, Rainbow Trout; what I was not intrigued by was the lack of sides to pick from, & inability to substitute chipotle veggies for regular veggies...After much debate, the choice of sides were hush puppies & english peas, & lets just say, the hush puppies shut me up because they were delicious! The rainbow trout was cooked to perfection, but the salt over powered most of the taste; as for the english peas.. they looked like baby food, but were surprisingly satisfying.My husband and I just moved down the street a few months ago, so we were excited to find a new spot! On first glance the restaurant is really cute! Old photos of pirates, buoys and such. The bar is very attractive and the bartenders are very attentive, which I really like. I also like that it has hooks for my purse. It's the little things in life that matter most. 
I ordered the fish fry with creole aioli which was perfectly light & crispy without being too oily.  Oh and that sauce is my favorite that they have. I also had mashed potatoes and the green beans which were pretty standard, not amazing but still good. 
I went a second time and had the shrimp and grits. Those were amazing! They gave you plenty of shrimp and the cheesy grits were so flavorful. So far that is definitely my favorite thing that I have tried. 
I will definitely be back to try more.Shrimp & grits had no kielbasa although it's listed on the menu.  The fish and chips were a soggy burnt mess.  Not sure how they are rated so high, the "best seafood in the world" is a joke! COMPLETE GARBAGE!First I would like to say if I could give this place a 3.5 stars, I would.
A buddy of mine found this spot on Yelp and since we were pretty close to the area, we figured we should try it out. The ambiance of the place was nice and so were the staffs. Beer selection were pretty nice too but I ended up getting the 95 Project which I enjoyed. 
Now onto the food...
For three guys, I think we ordered quite a bit of food. The clams casino we had was good, especially with the addition of the bacon. I would definitely order it again. We also had a dozen of raw oysters which was decent. A little on the smaller side but wasn't "fishy" at all. The next thing was the Angry Mussels. Again, on the smaller side but I liked it. The broth that it was in was flavorful. I just wish the sausage wasn't cut into bit sizes. Their N.E. Clam Chowder was decent but not to my liking. I like my NE Clam chowder to be on the thicker/creamier side. Not saying that their clam chowder wasn't creamy, it just wasn't creamy enough for my liking. However, you can definitely notice/taste the clam in the chowder and it wasn't fishy either.  Next up was the Fry Basket w/ side of fries and hush puppies. Everything on this basket was pretty bland in my opinion. It could use more seasoning, or at least salt/pepper.  After trying everything on the basket, I was pretty much done due to the lack of taste. Since this was our biggest order and a sampler platter with lack of taste in each bite, I had to rate this place down a notch. If Fry Basket order was better, I would definitely give this place 4 stars. Overall, a decent place. 
Would I come back here... the answer would be Yes. But that's if I'm in the area and in the mood for some drinks raw goodies.I had been wanting to try this place for awhile, had good reviews but I wish I never waisted my time.
It took well over an hour to get our food, when it came out it seemed to have been thrown together, it wasn't appetizing either.  Waitress was apologetic and Gave us free soup while we waited but after an hour and half it was just awkward. Will never return, honestly very confused at the good reviewsI came alone tonight. And tried the mussles they are so good!!! And the bread amazing! The staff very friendly and attractive. The prices are reasonable. I will be a regular here!I'm gonna start by saying, great job Jess!   She was our server and did an excellent job making sure we were satisfied.  This awesome restaurant gets five stars, great food, excellent service and comfortable ambiance.
 If you're a fan of oysters, do not go anywhere else; this is the place to be.
Keep up the great work, I hope my next visit is even better than my first.Great Port Richmond spot, hit the Happy Hour if you can for the $1 Oysters. We got there too late, so that was the only negative, oysters were pricey after 7. Otherwise, everyone LOVED their meal. Hubby had fried shrimp and fries with cheese curd (although the Bait Bucket with fries with cheese curd topped with clam chowder sounded interesting); our vegetarian really enjoyed the Not Fish Basket, blackened tofu (and she's not a tofu fan, but this was well seasoned and tasty we all agreed), cauliflower and crispy green beans. two of us had the catch of the day which was Red Trout, had mine broiled, my son had his blackened both very fresh and good. I enjoyed my collards with kale, jalapeno and cherry tomatoes, he enjoyed his spicy cole slaw, and we both enjoyed our cheesy grits. Other son had the fish sandwich which he also said was good. It's a corner place, nothin' fancy but food is good, service is good, and price is right.Ok let me start by saying that I'm not a seafood kinda guy so if you're looking for a review of the fish I can't give it! Except I had the shrimp cocktail and it was very good, my wife who loves seafood had the special of the day ((Golden tile)) she loved it.
I had the burger with spicy slaw (I'm more of a creamy slaw kinda guy) saying that it was very good and spicy (kinda pickled I guess) the BAIT BUCKET is off the hook!!! No Pun intended!!! 
DEFINITELY A MUST GO TO PLACE!!!
Large dining area inside and out with 8 picnic tables.
Staff are well knowledgeable of the menu, spoke clear and friendly always checking in to see how we are doing.jI heard about this place on a list for best new brunch places in philly...somehow I ended up coming for dinner - still worth it! They have happy hour, with drink specials, $1 oysters, and 1/2 off their bait bucket. Prices are fair for the large portions of seafood you get here! Fry basket for $18 and that fed 2 people with crispy but light fried oysters, clams, and fish with 2 sides. Servers are attentive, and ambiance is relaxed. 
Now I just need to somehow return for brunch as originally planned...I really enjoyed my experience here. It's a small corner joint in the Port Richmond neighborhood of Philadelphia. The bar area is a nice rectangle bar and the dining area has about a dozen tables. They had a single selection of oysters, Sweet Jesus from Maryland. They were properly shucked and delicious, served with classic cocktail and  mignonette.  Next I had a marinated shrimp and avocado salad, which was also excellent. I really enjoyed the marinated shrimp and creamy avocado combination.  It was a decent sized salad packed with all the trimmings. It could easily be a dinner salad for someone who prefers lighter fare.  I was with a group, so I had a chance to sample a few entree dishes. I had the Nashville hot wings.  The wing itself was well executed. A nice size wing, cooked to crispy outside and tender inside. The Nashville Hot style sauce was very good. It wasn't too hot and had a wonderful flavor. I sampled the fish tacos prepared with fried fish. They were top notch. On my return trip I'm defiantly ordering these! This restaurant was voted best fried fish in Philly 2017, and it's a well deserved title. I also tasted the Shepard's Pie. It was a very large serving, and my friend couldn't finish it. The online menu said it was made with lamb, and I swore I tasted lamb. My friend asked the waitress and she stated it was beef. I still think I tasted lamb or maybe the Chef used a lamb base or stock. I'm any event it was a good dish of comfort food nonetheless. My only negative here was the service. Our server was very nice and personable , however forgetful. My wings came out first and I asked about the salad. I had to ask about the salad a second time. My initial drink order came out wrong; she also forgot my key lime pie I ordered to go. I had to ask for that a second time as well. The key lime pie was a very large personal pie. It was wonderful with a great buttery crust. I left here feeling that I would defiantly make a future trip here again. I got my brother a gift card for the restaurant, I think he'll enjoy it as well. It would have been a five star review if the service was more on point.