I have always liked Baker Street!  Their breads are of very high quality and I like the cafe atmosphere.  It's friendly, it's light-filled and airy, it's a popular place.  And if you need a quick lunch while you are on the Hill, it fits the bill. I recently stopped in for a combo of their half-chili bowl and half-chicken salad sandwich. Though I like their chili, it needs a bit more spice for me. Too late I remembered that they have some good hot sauces available at the end of the counter.  Also I like my chili served piping hot and not luke warm at best - especially on a cool, rainy day outside. The chicken salad sandwich was very flavorful. I could eat a whole plate of just their chicken salad it is that good. Prices are a bit higher at Baker Street but the quality is also on the higher side. Remember this friendly place when hanging or shopping in Chestnut Hill.Your tummy will start to growl as you approach Baker Street Bread Co. ...the smell of the fresh bread wafts out the door before you even walk inside! There are so many varieties that it's hard to just choose one (but the sourdough, French Boule and Hearty Whole Wheat are my favorites). 
They also make an amazing challah that always gets rave reviews when I serve it at big dinners. Make sure to save room for the big chocolate chip cookies, too. They rock.Really cute little bakery. Selective menu of some reallllllyyy good bread. The challah and toasted parmesan focaccia bread were delicious. Definitely looking to buy something different next time around. They have tea and coffee some bagels.My experiences with Baker Street Bread Co have been hit and miss. The muffins, scones, croissants and cookies are mostly good, however, I've noticed that there is a distinctive smell that I can't put my finger on, that permeates in the immediate area of the bakery (I live down the street from the place) and it comes out in the flavor of some of the items too. Its a weird smell that's not quite food like, not really chemical either. The coffee is a little bit weak as well.I'm not a huge bread snob so the bunch of times I've been to Baker Street Bread Co have been for one of two things: Tomato Pie or Spinach and Ricotta Pizza. Both are amazingly good and definitely worth a stroll there!This is one of my many visits here. I've had the Classic, the breakfast burrito, a few of the paninis; all were good. They steam their eggs which make them extra fluffy. I also come here for fresh rolls for my sandwiches and burgers. Local and delicious.I love this place.  Their bread, cinnamon rolls, tomato pie, cream cheese, croissants....etc are all delicious!
Get there early on the weekends if you want a good bagel selection. I showed up after 10:30am last saturday and had to settle for wheat and plain (both were still good but i was craving poppy or everything).We're fans of Baker Street, but they're a little pricey for the artisanal product. We've noticed some inconsistencies in their bread (softness and hardness). I'm no bread connoisseur, so bear with me here, but the loaves seem fresh daily and made of quality. Having said that, the prepackaged chocolate chip cookies, $4.95 for 5 (6?) are pricey, but OHMYGOD they're good. Recommend the Raisin Nut Loaf! Next up to try: Challah.Such a great bread place. I love their apricot_pistachio bread, it is hands down my favorite from anywhere. Their cookies are good too, actually a little too good if you know what I mean. The staff is friendly and very helpful. I want to give a shout out to the Manager Alberto he does a great job with everything from the employees to the product they turn out. Way to go.Baker Street is my favorite place in Chestnut Hill to get bread, no doubt. Just walking into the shop makes me happy - with the high ceilings, shelves stacked with tantalizing loaves, and the warm, yeasty smell that envelops you, it's sort of like you've entered a holy place of baked goods.
San Francisco Sourdough and Italian and my favorites, but the French Boule is also a staple at our house. Giant chocolate chip cookies are great, made even greater by the fact that Baker Street sells the COOKIE DOUGH for you to take home and...bake. Because that's what you'd do with a giant container of cookie dough.
You'll pry the carbs from my cold, dead hand, and I hope they're from Baker Street.Friendly service and delicious bread and brownies has placed this bakery at the top of my carb list.Everything is so fresh that I've bought here! They are constantly baking to supply the neighborhood with yummy baked goodies! Their danishes are out of this world!Amazing pastries and Coffee drinks! Chocolate Chip muffin and Harry Potter Butter beer bread is a must!So much love.  I just moved into the area and am there 3+ days a week - getting a great cup of coffee, grabbing a delicious muffin, or ordering a bunch of loaves of their weekend speciality bread (February - Cherry & Chocolate).  My office workers love their bread too, so now I'm taking orders from the office!  A coworker of mine used to be a manager there, and she has nothing but wonderful things to say about their bread making process, their staff, and their management.  Their service staff is wonderfully friendly, and even their delivery van guy, who is there in the middle of the night, waves and calls you "friend" once he recognizes you as a neighbor.  Great little neighborhood spot!Good?  Yes.  Excellent?  Yes.  Obscenely overpriced?  Alas, yes.  It is the pricing, and not anything else that knocks this place down to 3 stars from 5.
As wonderful as the bread here is, I still think it is priced too high, to the point where it does not offer good value for your money.  I recently got a large loaf of bread and it was about $5.50.  For the amount of bread I bought, it should not cost that much.  The prices are not posted/advertised, which would not bother me if they were reasonable, but it makes me suspect that they know their high prices would turn people away, and are making a conscious effort to hide them.
I used to work at a bakery in Lancaster, PA, and the owner would get bread from various Philadelphia bakeries to try it out, and both of us were a fan of this one.  If this bakery has a niche, it would be sourdoughs.  This place really knows how to make a sourdough.   I was pleased to return years later to find the bakery still here and still making good bread.  I didn't ask how much things were and was a bit shocked when I got rung up at the register.
Bottom line?  I wouldn't buy bread here more than sporadically.  I don't see why it needs to cost so much.  If the rents in this neighborhood are too high, if the cost of employing people in this area too high, then maybe land values and rents need to fall a bit.  There are vacant storefronts up and down the block and plenty of unemployed people about.
High prices are bad for our communities and bad for America.  When I pay $5.50 for a loaf of bread, someone is siphoning off money--I don't care if it's the owner, the landlord, or who it is.  I just want to pay a fair price for what I get and no more.  This place needs to find a way to knock $1 off the cost of all its loaves, and if it can't do that, I'm not coming back.Love this place! Tasty food and great service. Loved it before the renovation and it's even better now. Cozy and delish!Baker Street Bread Company is adorable! The bakery was decorated for the fall & the Harry Potter Festival hosted in Chestnut Hill this weekend. The staff was very friendly and I loved the decor. While there I grabbed a cider, butter beer bread (I couldn't resist), and cranberry granola. Since Baker Street touts its food as all-natural artisan, I was pleased to see a small list of ingredients I could understand on the products' packaging. Given the other reviews, I  thought the prices would be much higher then they were so I was pleased to see that the granola was under $5. I will definitely be returning to Baker Street for their cranberry granola & to try the scones!Love it! Baker Street, in its new incarnation as a cute little cafe, is now officially my favorite breakfast in Chestnut Hill. 
The "Californian" egg sandwich is perfection, and the apple fritter was decadent and very fresh. I will be back, regularly.Well I really do love the food and lovely decor, the Friday afternoon staffing was little to be desired... I ordered the quiche of the day and a juice for 13 bucks only to litterally watch it sit in the pick up window for 10 minutes while I watched it get cold hoping one of the two wait staff would notice it. All be it, one was ringing up a customer but after that customer came and went they went back to some small talk all the while my food was dying in the window. I finally got up and said to them, "I'm pretty sure that's mine so I'm just going to grab it".  Needless to say the food was good although not as hot as I would have liked it, and the staff was nice but kind of clueless.Yum!  I walk by this place all the time and it is quite difficult to not stop in every single time based on the wonderful smell alerting you to its presence.  When we've gone in, I've gotten bagels, cream cheese, loaves of bread, coffee, scones, and sticky buns.  All have been delicious and I have gone back for seconds for most of the things (waistline permitting).  
The staff is friendly and makes superb recommendations (try the cherry vanilla scones!)
Another note- if they don't have the type of bread you're looking for, you can request that it be made and pick it up later.
Last note- $10 minimum for credit cards (I never carry cash, so this is always something to keep in mind)Beautiful spot- crisp minimalist decor and lovely pastries - love the avocado toast - so tasty, fresh and very nicely presented. Will be returning frequently  ohh, and the "steamer" egg sandwiches are amazing !Italian loaf of bread was ok, just ok.  But the peanut butter cookies were so good!!!!!Awesome baked goods, and if you can manage to snag some of their "pizza" you can't go wrong.  The place smells amazing and is the kind of shop you want to buy one of everything just to try it out.Their bread is great but their pizza is AMAZING! I lived in South Philly for many many years, and the Sicilian slices here rival those at Sarcone's. They are different, but just as tasty. The coffee at BSB is also tasty and a great value. My son is obsessed with the brioche rolls.The new cafe is wonderful! Soup, salads (actual good salads, not just acceptable), and the best blts I've ever had. Coffee is great.Their bagel are delicious and their bread is always great.  Coffee is ok.  I'm a coffee snob, sorry.  That staff is always friendly.  I want to try their fresh pizza that they make everyday. Looks delicious. 
One thing I would like to understand is why it is so freaking hot in there 24/7.  I feel bad for the staff.  Obviously, the heat is from the ovens, but it is annoying as a customer to be drenched in sweat after being in their for less than 5 mins.Baker Street is where I usually go when I need nice bread for dinner, or because I can't find challah at the grocery store. I'm no bread connoisseur but I've never been disappointed.
However, I do have to agree that this place really stings the wallet. I understand the prices of basic things like flour have been on the rise but $4.25 for a baguette seems excessive even if it does have Parmesan cheese on it. What Would The French Do? Well, first they'd probably be disgusted at the thought of a cheese adulterated baguette... but past that.. what?
Good bread, just not suited to the thrifty twenty-something's wallet. Something to look forward to.
(And as always, remember, three stars isn't a bad review.. it's A-OK!)The best breakfast ever!!!! What a wonderful surprise, discovering this little gem in Chestnut Hill.  The steamed eggs are out of this world ~ fluffy, light and with cheddar cheese totally delightful.  And to have magnificent bread with our meal is such an awesome addition. The people that work there are super friendly ~ the space is light and airy ~ just, an all around great place. We will definitely return.As Carrie E. describes, the delicious baking bread smell wafts from their open door and will draw you in if you are anywhere near.  We just got a sourdough, but it was wonderful (and made excellent french toast after left out overnight too :) ).  There are a wide range of loaves, and the sourdough was huge and only $4.50.  A sample bite of one of their muffins made me drool for more... A carbophiles fantasy!The new cafe space at Baker Street is very nice. They have added a breakfast & lunch menu to their usual bakery fare. I've only tried the Californian but it is quite tasty. They also have a full coffee/espresso menu.I am still leaving this review at 1 star because of the noise the trucks make at all obscene hours of the morning. The trucks leave their radios blasting and they slam the crates to the pavement instead of placing them down remotely quietly. They drag carts along the street and sidewalk, making it impossible for anyone within a 2 block radius to sleep through it. This has gone on for years now despite multiple complaints to the workers, unanswered phone calls and emails. I guess the next step is a noise ordinance violation report. 
Despite the positive reviews for this place from consumers, I can't support a business that has such little regard for its environment. If you own a business that's nestled in a semi-residential community, have the decency to arrange your deliveries the night before, or perhaps at 7am and later. The elitist, "I can do whatever I want whenever I want" attitude is difficult to swallow. I don't care how good your bread is. 
As for the bread, it's okay but incredibly overpriced. And the coffee area continues to be dirty and unsanitary. The staff at the counter lack any personalities and fail to answer any questions with even a hint of a smile. There are plenty of other bakeries in the area with scrumptious goodies that are fairly priced and sold by staff who understand the true meaning of customer service. 
Note to realtors or those considering moving to the area: stay away from this section of town. Maybe a trip to a town hall meeting is in order. You have been warned.Here for the Chestnut Hill Fall Arts Festival, I stopped in and had an apple cinnamon muffin, which was delicious! AND. THE SMELL. That coveted fresh-baked-bread smell just envelopes you the second you walk in the door.Always loved this place but recently I needed some good rolls for pulled pork that I was serving at a barbecue.  The manager suggested I try the brioche rolls.  They were amazing!!  Nicely browned and so tasty. Much better than Kaiser rolls. Perfect for burgers or pulled pork. So good to eat bread that actually tastes like bread and not like biting into air!If I could eat from only one place for the rest of my life, the food would be from Bakers Street..
They've got everything from savory to sweet, light to rich. 
Since I've been working in Chestnut Hill, Bakers Street Bread has been a staple--I have no idea how I had lived so long without them!
If you've never been there, you haven't lived yet (if you think I'm kidding, just you wait and see....)White painted brick walls, old tin ceiling bright lighting and lots of bread, it's almost like you are in France. La Colombe coffee speaks for itself. Really great choices for breakfast and lunch. The redesign is great. Missing unfortunately, is the smell of baking bread that use to fill this space. All of the bread baking has been moved to another location. The redone Baker Street is welcome breakfast/lunch spot on the Hill  The egg sandwiches taste greatGreat breads here.  Irresistible.  You come in for a loaf and end up leaving with 2.  They sell some cookies as well.  They always have different samplers to try at the register, which is nice, because so many of their breads look good, but I have not tried them all yet.Great place with great baked items and bread. They do a great job with their business and I'm sure it's hard to exceed all the over the top expectations people have nowadays. I think they're great and thankful for their business being close by to my home.European style bread bakery. Live their breads and brioche rolls. Served them at a party and guests were amazed. Shop also sells La Colombe coffee which is great. Breakfast and lunch meals have been delicious and fresh. Avocado toast, chicken salad sandwich and soup all very tasty.I was introduced to Baker Street Bread through Philly FoodWorks. Our former ordering service, which supplied us with Four Worlds bread, merged with them, and we no longer had the Four Worlds option. So we tried Baker Street. Boy, what a disaster. They consistently underproof their bread, and the loaves have that whitening stale look in the crumb. Multigrain loaf, old-world rye, San Francisco sourdough--all are disappointments. I thought it might have something to do with the delivery (maybe we were getting day-old bread?), so I stopped in when I was in Chestnut Hill. Nope, same sad story of slightly stale, overproofed breads. Normally there's at least one loaf a place does well, but I don't have anything I can recommend from here.We only just started coming here recently because the grocery store either stopped stocking or always seems to run out of sourdough, and also I didn't realize what a bread snob I am. 
The boyfriend and I wandered in today to replenish our bread supply and also tried out their artisan pizza slices for the first time. We just sat in the car in stunned silence, me with my spinach and ricotta, he with his pepperoni slice. 
We also picked up a tub of cookie dough and whipped up a small batch in the toaster oven for a snack. Amazing. Cinnamon rolls. Also amazing.
The staff out front aren't especially effervescent, but you can see the bakers happily kneading away behind walls of bread, and that's enough for me.Came here for an impromptu lunch today. I ordered the avocado toast. It was quite LOVELY!!! Very flavorful, fresh and it hit the spot. Wish I ordered 2!! The bread is toasted with coconut oil a generous spread of avocado topped with lemon, sea salt, parsley & tomatoes. One piece was $7.56, but I really enjoyed it. I got mines to go waited minimal time. The have pastries, fresh breads, cookie dough, chicken/ tuna salad & fresh garden type salads for sale already prepared. Cookies, granola, teas, la Colombe coffee are also available. Stop in and check them out.... oh!! I also got an apple fritter not my favorite but I'm REALLY picky.One of my absolute favorite parts of living in Chestnut Hill is when I'm walking home from a night out on the Avenue and I start to smell a scent that is second only to Chocolate Ave in Hersey, PA.  That scent is The Baker Street Bread Company going late into the night, baking up so many different treats for their costumers the following morning.
When you go to Baker Street Bread you may find it a little stuffy inside the little shop, but that's just from all the ovens going.  The things they're baking up in their will keep you coming back for more.  Now I haven't tried a ton of different things here, but what I have had was really good.  You can can use your eyes and nose to guess how good the breads are going to be, but I want to focus on something else.  
If you don't come in too late in the afternoon, you will probably notice something you may not have expected sitting there on the counter.  Baker Street Bread makes some of the best pizza, yes I said pizza, that you may have ever had.  Now its not your typical pizza, but I think that may be what makes it so amazing.  I've seen this pizza in two different varieties: pepperoni and spinach ricotta.  Although the pepperoni is very good, the spinach and ricotta is like nothing you've ever had.  Sicilian style pizza with extremely soft crust, a light layer of sauce, and perfect combination of cheeses and spinach.  All these things blend perfectly together in each bite.  I ordered a whole pie (12 very large slices) a day in advance for the Super Bowl and let's just say our guests were quite pleased.  I posted a picture to give you a visual, but really you just need to try it.
Maybe when I start to some of there other baked goods I'll do an updated review, but this place is worth a stop just for this pizza. Trust me.This is a great bakery! Very fresh and they have a great variety. The only reason is it not a 5-star for me: $10 minimum credit card charge.On a nice day, if you're driving by, you can smell the fresh bread emanating from the Baker Street Bread Co.  And once you smell it, you're under their spell where they lure you in, and before you know it, you've left with a few loaves of bread and you're missing a little cash.  If this was Harry Potter, the spell would be something called Breado Confundo.  But its ok because its so worth it.Great fresh hand crafted bread, bagels and buns. Service is always great and staff is very friendly and helpful. Best bread on The Hill!The baguette I bought yesterday was terrible.  The two chocolate croissants were way below average -- I've had better from the Acme, in fact, much better.  The plain croissant was tolerable but would only get a C grade.
I live not too far from here but rarely go to this bakery.  Something about it doesn't appeal to me, although I could not put my finger on it.  But when I couldn't get through traffic barricades downtown to reach the patisserie I was headed for (Artisan Boulanger) yesterday, I ended up back here.  It was a waste of time and money.Their scones are the best in the neighborhood, especially the cranberry orange flavor. The multigrain bread is my favorite but it is  expensive. The staff are friendly and did not freakout when my daughter bought our puppy in! Their one failing is the coffee is just not good. It sits around in the thermos all day. If only ,they would get a espresso machine the place would have lines out the door but maybe they don't want that.This place has the best whipped egg and bacon on brioche sandwich ever. You will never want to eat another egg after you've eaten a whipped egg at Bakers. Additionallt, the portion is so large I always have another meal. And the best part,  350° in the oven for about 5 minutes.  mmmm, almost as good as day 1! And I RARELY eat leftovers. I love this sandwich!  The place is quaint, and cozy.  Light atmosphere,  friendly place.  Parking can be tricky,  but that's expected. Love stopping here when I'm in town!White painted brick walls, old tin ceiling bright lighting and lots of bread, it's almost like you are in France. La Colombe coffee speaks for itself. Really great choices for breakfast and lunch. The redesign is great. Missing unfortunately, is the smell of baking bread that use to fill this space. All of the bread baking has been moved to another location. The redone Baker Street is welcome breakfast/lunch spot on the Hill.If the renovations were for just a coffee and pastry shop, I would give this place 4 stars. But we just had breakfast there and I want to give it 2 stars. The coffee shop aspect bumped it to 3. The eggs and bacon are equivalent to a hotel continental breakfast and the portions are not nearly worth the cost. I'll just go back for a cup of coffee and sweets. Never for the food.Miss the old bakery.  The sandwiches here are very good.  Usually there is only one person behind the counter and she is pretty confused.  If you are willing to wait, it is usually worth it.I remember coming here with my parents while growing up to get bread, pastries and chocolate milk.  I think the pivot to a cafe after establishing the commissary was a smart move.  The branding is nice, the space is open yet communal, and they offer a nice selection of breads, pastries, coffee, and breakfast and lunch options.  There's a grab and go case for convenience.
I had breakfast here with my girlfriend.  She ordered the ultimate grilled cheese with ham and Dijon.  They use gruyere and a decent quality ham, but the cheese was not melted enough and still cold in the middle.  I ordered the baked French toast, which was basically a cinnamon bread pudding.  Nonetheless it was delicious: nice cinnamon notes, tender with a bit of chew, and it is served with real maple syrup which is a huge plus for me.  We also got some bread and a bag of the sweet dreams cookies to go.  The cookies are delicious with a chewy cakey texture, cinnamon, just the right amount of walnuts, and chunks of dark chocolate.  
The staff seemed a little disorganized, but very friendly and polite.  We were a bit disappointed that the POS system does not allow customers to tip with a card.  Would love to see management offer this.  We had to walk to get some cash for a tip.I'm probably the only person here who wasn't satisfied when I purchased a loaf of bread here.
I remember coming here in a rush to pick up a loaf of bread for a little gathering I was supposed to attend. It's a good thing I ended up bailing on this open event. When I got home, and tried the multigrain loaf I had purchased, it was a disaster. I found the texture too dry, and almost impossible to break. Not to mention how difficult it was to chew it comfortably. My teeth were sore after a few pieces! I also found the bread lacked in flavor. 
My mom makes bread from scratch often, and I've been to quite a number of bakeries in my lifetime. Sorry, this place just doesn't do it for me. I kind of want to say it's pricey, but since it's an independent bakery, and they make everything themselves, I don't totally object. $4.25 for a baguette is a lot though...Even in France they don't charge so much.
In summary, I wouldn't run to purchase here again.A higher quality panera bread! Love love love the apple fritters here- a must try! Also don't miss the tuna salad in the cold case. Only thing keeping this from being a five star joint is the service. They could also benefit from an experienced barista. Specialty drink orders take a while to fill here.I was pleasantly surprised by Baker Street! Good was good, service was great and the location was nice. Little more pricey than I would care for, but it wasn't bad. 
They have daily bread specials as well as seasonal specials. I legitimately wanted to buy a loaf of everything to try. I'll definitely be back  when I'm in the area!Super cute little place with a really nice staff and great breads. Stopped in and got two egg and cheese sandwiches and some iced coffees on a Sunday morning. The brioche roll was great, and so was the egg and cheese on the sandwich but had to add salt for flavor, might try a cheese like Swiss or cheddar next time.The steamers are fluffy and delicious! The brioche bun is the softest freshest bread I've had in a very long time! My BF has the bacon egg and cheese, and so had the Californian. We were really happy and full. The sandwiches were huge! We can't wait to try the others as well as the breads!Overpriced, 10 dollar credit limit, baker is a jerk, greedyWhite painted brick walls, old tin ceiling bright lighting and lots of bread, it's almost like you are in France. La Colombe coffee speaks for itself. Really great choices for breakfast and lunch. The redesign is great. Missing unfortunately, is the smell of baking bread that use to fill this space. All of the bread baking has been moved to another location. The redone Baker Street is welcome breakfast/lunch spot on the Hill.Chestnut Hill is loaded with bakeries.  This one has the best breads, hands down.  My family gets our regular whole wheat sandwich bread there (I know, boring) and we try a variety of their more unique specialty breads when we have guests or special occasions.  A+++As my husband and I were strolling through Chestnut Hill, we noticed a man walking down the street with an armful of bread loaves which is how we came across Baker Street Bread. We decided to walk in to see what the hype was all about and it was like an elevated Panera. They had a wide range of breads to choose from, scones, croissants, sandwiches, soups the like. We got an almond croissant ($4) and 1 loaf of honey sesame ($4). Their almond croissant was amazing, perfect crunch with just the right amount of almond spread inside. It was gone in seconds. Will definitely be back to try another croissant and maybe another loaf.My first visit to Baker St Bread this morning. My visit is happily "accidental" as I wait for Millenium Nails to open. I'm sitting outside enjoying a toasted everything bagel with schmear and slices of onion and tomato. The bagel is fresh and lightly toasted with a good crunch and the veggies fresh although I could use a bit more of them. Total price was about $3.50. A bargain compared to the new deli down the street that charges $5.25 for bagel and schmear only. I'll review them separately. The young staff are cheerful and eager to help and answer questions.  I will definitely be back. BTW the breads look amazing.I really enjoy the pastries however since the renovation I decided to try the food 650 for toast and eggs?! It's fairly bland an incredibly overpriced save your money and go somewhere else for breakfast, just pop in for a pastry, Still pricey but worth it. I tried the wave us rancheros, also bland and also overpricedI never write reviews, but one of the managers of this establishment was absolutely exceptional. Her name is (I believe Kate or Katie). Came in for just a quick snack while walking my dog and she accommodated my request immediately. Great customer service. I had the sourdough bread. So good! Highly recommend this bakery for anyone looking for a loaf, baked goods, lunch or breakfast!Their baked goods are great, but the service is so unfriendly that every time I go, I regret doing so. I would patronize them a lot more if they had friendlier people working the counter who didn't seem put out for doing their jobs. Instead, I generally patronize other area bakeries that also have delicious baked goods but much friendlier service.Great bakery, always fresh.  Love their breads!  Great selection, and fresh bagels and awesome rolls.What a gem this place is.  Amazing products, even better service.  Their breads are the best in the entire Delaware Valley, bar none.  We in the suburbs forget how close Chestnut Hill is, and this place alone is worth the few minute drive.  Great coffee, I'm all about local over Starbucks.  What the heck is a Kouign Amann?  Go ask for one and you'll be hooked!Appealing to the eye, minimalist design and a curated menu and bakery experience that "over-performs." Strawberry cream cheese pastry is one of the most unique menu features and a must try. The apple crumb biscotti was a little underwhelming however, the bagels where stellar - very fresh. 
Amazing service and great hospitality. 
I definitely recommend this place for an early stop through because the foot traffic can pick up quickly.They have some great baked goods - the Snowflake White and apple fritter are highlights - but the service is consistently bad. There is zero sense of urgency to get anything out of the kitchen. I've called ahead for a toasted bagel and still had to wait 15 minutes in the store to receive it. Another time I ordered a dozen bagels but told they are not a bagel shop and was asked why I needed so many. They ended up selling them to me, but only after admonishing me that doing so meant fewer bagels for other customers. 
What???
They could be a great bakery if they only they would address the service issues.Omg best bread in the world. Friendly and quick staff. Good sandwiches, breakfasts, and coffee. And did I mention, the best bread in the world. Don't believe me? Order the Artisan toast (just their bread and butter) and you will be transported!! One drawback, they don't have WiFi and it is a great location to sit and get work done.Great coffee, baked goods, and sandwiches.  In fact, everything on the menu is fabulous.  The staff is especially friendly.  A must stop if your in Chestnut Hill.Went on a Sunday mid-morning with a line out the door. The customer's orders were quickly taken and we got to the head of the quickly. We had their signature breakfast sandwiches, cinnamon rolls and lattes. All excellent!Not going to support this place anymore. I've been coming here for years, so this is not an impression after my first visit. 
I walked in today and must have been a ghost because no one actually SAW me. I am a grown Black man. The three people at the register helping no one after one customer left, the person standing right in front of me across the glass counter who eventually chose to serve the customer behind me first, or the customer who entered after me and chose not to defer to me. No one said hello, acknowledged me, or apologized after I was forced to ask, "is anyone going to serve me" in order to generate any tangible response from anyone. 
They ruined my morning, and I hope the manager that I spoke with relayed my message to those providing service the morning of 11/21. This is not about customer service - this is about decency and being good people. I didn't feel like I mattered there, and I shouldn't feel that way. I'm not going there again.I ordered the ham and swiss sandwich and the cashier didn't ask me anything. Just took my money. Ok. Maybe what do you want on it? What type of bread? I decided to go with what came out. It had mustard on a marble bread. Not my choice but the bread on the sandwich was great.May be the thinnest sandwich I ever had. I was laughing and thinking this must be a joke. Don't order the ham and swiss sandwich! The bread was great and the chips were great-thats it. Not much inside to comment on . Maybe one THIN  slice ham and one THIN slice of swiss.And the thinnest sliced tomato. Felt like I was robbed. Needless to say Im not going back.Consistently poor customer service, poor goods, and overpriced items. 
I bought a slice of cold quiche that was labeled 6.99 in the fridge. Attendant rang me up for $11 saying it was mislabeled/gave me attitude for mentioning the discrepancy. 
I've asked for a sandwich to be toasted to go only to be told they "don't toast bread" anymore. 
I once ordered a new menu breakfast item to which none of the employees were familiar with despite it being posted on the menu board in plain sight. Was given attitude for ordering this!
I've tried to order 1 dozen rolls only to be told "you can't order that many because then there won't be much left for others to buy" 
I've waited over 30-45 minutes for a toasted bagel with cream cheese and coffee on at least 4 separate occasions. 
Because I've lived close to this place for years I've gone here out of necessity to "give it another chance/support a small biz" only to hate myself afterwards. Never again. 
I've also been treated differently based on how I am dressed (gym clothes vs put together) here on several occasions over the years. 
I see another reviewer saying she had an experience with racism in this establishment and I can honestly say I'm not surprised at all. 
If you want good coffee on the ave RUN to poppy's or chestnut hill coffee co. If you want a good/fast bfast RUN to Starbucks, skip this place and save yourself time and money!Service has never been their strong point, but I've given them multiple chances because their baked goods are good and while some staff are terrible, some are great. Josephine in particular is wonder and has always been amazing to my son when my husband or I take him there, we have been getting stuff from Baker Street on and off for years. But today is the last straw. I ordered a bag full of naked goods and pastries. Went to pick them up with my 6 year old son. As young kids often do he decides he needs to go to the bathroom. I'm aware that this is not ideal during COVID-19. I try to dissuade him and tell him to wait until we get home but he's insistent, so I'm concerned about him having an accident so I ask if the bathroom is available. The workers proceed to tell me well for people that are eating outside it is...  Are you serious???  I just gave you a bunch of business and I'm with a little kid that needs the bathroom and this is your response??  Never again. There are plenty of other bakeries with good baked goods but that also treat ALL their clientele well.Breads and pastries are good, but that's it. Prepared foods and coffee are not good at all and they are overpriced. To add to that, the service is consistently bad. 
This was not an isolated experience, I have been here many times over the past couple years. I will not be returning, there are far better options nearby.Pretty terrible coffee and pretty crappy service from a couple of employees who definitely didn't "have a smile under their masks". Working these times is tough but you don't have to have a shitty attitude. Multiple "please" and "thank you" from me and not one from them!I got the multigrain loaf and it was amazing. Too amazing to not know what is in it though. I'm concerned that there were no ingredients listed on the bag, nor on the website. How do people still get away with that? What if there was something I was allergic to? Staff seemed angry that I came in to make a purchase, so despite the great tasting bread, the over all experience was not very pleasant.Ok let me just say this is not my first bad experience but I wanted to give them another try lets just say if your black be wear to get precut bread that's been on the shelf for day I stood there and watch them cut the other folks bread while they stand there and when they got to me they had me hard bread this is the second time this happened to me I took it to remind me that I'm never spending my money in there when I ask why I can't get mines cut she look at me with a funny look on her face so I just left because I didn't want to look like the angry black woman so if you don't believe me try going while be black and see the difference for your self