The best pork Katsu in the city served by two friends who provide exceptional customer service. I now refuse to get Katsu elsewhere. The only travesty is they aren't full time (yet)! I can't wait to patronize this business for years to come.I grew up in Japan and was obsessed with curry. It was the only thing I wanted to eat for a solid 3 years. This curry is legit. The flavor is spot on and authentic. Best I've had in the States. And the fries are so crispy and delicious.The hype is real. They have an extremely simple menu executed flawlessly. This is the Platonic ideal of how to run a food cart. Be warned: you will have to wait, but it is absolutely worth it.I really wanted to check this place out and I wasn't dissappointed.  If you can wait 10 minute, Chicken katsu is nice and tender, a nice crispy crust, and curry was perfect.   What are you waiting for...go get some.Tried pork curry- was so good! Crispy on the outside and soft and tender inside. The flavor of curry was the perfect sweetness to the flavor of pork. You should call ahead and place an order - otherwise, you will have to wait up to 45 mins for your order.The food gods were definitely shining upon us as we were serendipitously introduced to our new favorite food cart....scratch that, new favorite lunch spot in Philly. If you're looking for a quick lunch spot, this one hits all the elements. Generous potion sizes, reasonably priced and  most importantly, the quality of the food is what elevated my rating to 5 stars. The curry was outstanding. It had the perfect balance of savory and spiciness that I look for and the katsu was phenomenal. The pork katsu had the perfect crunch and juiciness. Combine that with the picked veggies and it's a winning combo. I am on pins and needles waiting to try the chicken katsu and I was also told they will be rolling out new menu items in the near future. The Japanese chef and his partner were more than hospitable and they are a welcome addition to Washington ave and my palate. I salute you Bangin' Curry Franklin. They got something special here. 
PS. They have Japanese soda!This is a food cart on Washington Ave. The hours are a little random. The food is great. The menu is limited to only 3 items, but they do it right. They have shoe string fries with a sirach por wasabi mixed sauce that is great and different. The chicken katsu is also very good. There is some parking around and it is definitely worth it to try. The chicken is great but they could give you more curry  and katsu sauce.Fact: Bangin' Curry Franklin limits their hours (Friday evening and Saturday) so you don't overdose on some bangin' delicious food. Truer Fact: I'm a liar, haha. The hours are true though, only open 1.5 days a week. I went to their website and found out two friends opened this as a side project driven by their passion for food. They still have their 9 to 5 jobs and do this on the weekends. That's an amazing story.
Their food shows the passion. The menu has 3 items: Pork Curry, Chicken Curry, and specialty fries. I've had all 3 items and I can't find much fault with any of it. The fries were perfectly crispy with delicious toppings! The curry plates were large and tasty. It came with a side of thinly sliced cabbage topped with a bangin' dressing. Also a little bit of delicious thin bangin' pickles.
They make food to order, so you might have to wait a bit for the food. It's worth the wait, and you can be entertained while you wait watching the 2 guys work in a tiny mobile kitchen!Their food  was so delicious!! Definitely a new ball game when it comes to originality because there's nothing like it. Their food is unique, different and definitely amazing.I really loved their customer service, portion, prices, and flavors!
Though only a food truck with a few signature items. Everything is delicious. 
The fries are the best!! So crunchy and so much flavor.
Growing up in and around philly you always find guilty pleasures in simple food trucks! 
The curry is really good and flavorful. It's served atop white rice and a side salad which is plentiful and refreshing. 
It's such a large portion I eat it for two meals which is great because Japanese curry is more flavorful the longer it sits, similar to Pho.The curry is just like what I have had in Japan- very tasty and the service at BCF is of the highest quality. The fries are unique and quite delicious.Authentic, amazing curry & katsu. Consistently incredible. Very friendly dudes. Thanks for filling this niche!Best curry katsu I've ever had! My husband run into this food truck and packed a box for me. The katsu was still so crispy when he got home. The crust was perfectly flavored and keeps the texture when dipped in curry. Add an extra katsu for 2.5 if you are feeling extra hungry!Amazing and unique cuisine. Two of the hardest working guys in the food truck business.Banging Curry Franklin opened a month ago, for now, choosing a very random location to serve Grad Hospital on the Fridays and Saturdays. The menu offers just pork or chicken katsu over rice ($9.50) as well as fries.  The plates are big and come with pickled veggies. The chicken and pork aren't so distinguishable- both are moist and quite fried well with a crispy panko breading that stands up to a few block walk to a suitable eating location. The thinner curry sauce wasn't totally packed with flavor but yet I didn't feel like it needed much more.
The furikake topping on the fries made them taste like the essence of sushi, totally addicting.
Call ahead to avoid a wait.If you want some Japanese curry with extremely friendly service then this is the place for you. They are great guys and you can tell love is put into every box that rolls out. Nothing is rushed so there's a little wait but definitely well worth it. There isn't a large menu. For under $10 you can get yourself either a choice of the pork or chicken katsu curry over white rice. You cannot go wrong with either. The curry is authentic and flavorful. The katsu is crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Excellent portion size. Even the slaw that accompanies the meal is delicious. 
Also do yourself a favor and order the furikake fries while you're there for about $5. The fries are combined with furikake and wasabi aioli. You will not be disappointed!
They're are located on the corner of 18th and Washington ave. Right outside of the Autozone. Plenty of parking which is great. 
The only downsides are their hours and the possibility of selling out early. They are only there on Fridays 4pm-9pm and Saturdays 12pm-9pm at least for now.I had a great experience at Bangin' Curry Franklin 
The food was delicious with exciting flavors and textures, the portions are substantial and the guys that run the truck are very welcoming and friendly.
This place is a must stop in Philly!Just when you thought the curry katsu game couldn't get any better these guys had to go elevate it to the next level. 
As a curry katsu connoisseur, I'd though I should chime in about the quality of these guys' katsu. 
Instead of the typical panko crusted katsu you see at the typical places all across the country the breading at curry franklins keep both the pork and even the chicken katsu tender and juicy. 
The curry is tangy and lightly sweet and the pickled cabbage side adds a nice balance to the richness of katsu and curry. 
That balance makes you feel less sluggish when comparing it to the katsu of the Japanese chains gogo curry and coco curry. 
All together it makes for a great dish put together in a high quality box. 
Kind of a bummer than they are open less than half the days of the week though.The best japanese curry rice in my opinion in South Philadelphia. A good portion and delicious curry. We ordered both chicken and pork and man it taste good. Place need to be more obvious but once you found it, it will be easy to come here again.
They made the food fresh and we have to wait 10-15 minutes, which not bad for what we have ordered.
It's a little gem for curry lover in South Phila.Every time I go there, I'm greeted and treated as part of the family. The food? Bangin'! Go get some pork katsu with a side of fries, wash it down with some green tea and you'll be glad you did. See you guys soon! -HenryWhere to start..
Make sure you aren't in a rush. We went and had a beer at chicks across the street while our order was being made. 
The portions are large, fresh, and delicious. Usually takes 15-20 mins. 
Ordered the pork. It's 2 smaller meals if you aren't starving. For the price of 10-11 bucks it was a steal in my mind. 
Highly recommendedThis spot is a solid win for the neighborhood! From the furikake fries to the chicken & pork katsu - everything was the definition of tasty Japanese comfort food.
Now just imagine, 2 of the nicest guys (one who happens to actually be Japanese) invite you to their home to serve you some piping hot curry and katsu on a cool day. And of course, you're hungry because you haven't eaten anything but leftovers all day and when's the last time you ate Japanese food made by an actual Japanese guy in Philly anyway? 
You show up and furikake fries are on the menu. Score! They mention sauces. Double score! These fries are full of umami (and daddy :P) They're crispy on the outside even after sitting for a little bit! Say whaaat? Solid starter.
Then you wait patiently for the chicken and pork curry [you got both because you couldn't decide]. The curry comes out with potatoes and carrots and BEEF! "This never happens" - you say to yourself as you recount your other japanese curry endeavors in Philly. You also get a hefty serving of raw veggie salad on the side with some dressing and pickled radishes. Let me just say, the pickled radishes are downright amazing. 
This sounds pretty awesome right? A little too good to be true? Well, you'll have to go try it for yourself if you want to be sure!
Ps. the guys are seriously so nice. And I'm from the south. I know how nice people can be. Tell them David sent ya!I'm addicted. 
This place is great. I ordered twice now off Uber Eats and the food is great.
The fries are crispy and the sauces blend well together. 
We usually order 1 of the pork and one of the chicken then then split both because both are very tasty. 
Everything tastes fresh and it's the best curry I've ever had. I hope this guy gets a bigger menu soon, maybe even some spicy optionsYou are looking for a very tiny food truck. Google maps will get you there if you park and just keep walking near the park.
He was soooo nice and that is what takes this from 4.5 to 5 stars. 
The furikake fries with sriracha were divine. It took me a while to eat them and they were still good. 
The panko chicken had a good texture and tasted good with the bed of rice and cabbage slaw. 
Very happy I took the venture.I was craving of curry this week. 
Then suddenly I found this on Yelp. 
Too bad then only open in Friday & Saturday so I should wait until Friday to get this curry. 
So today, I finally give it a try. 
I order Furikake Fries & Pork Katsu Curry. 
And the result is...
Fantastic!
The Furikake Fries was a regular small cuts Fries with the Furikake topping & wasabi sauce (or sriracha) but I never know it taste so good. 
Too much for 1 people so better share with other. 
And the Pork Katsu is good. I'm not a Katsu fans, but this is good. The meat is huge. The salad (shredded cabbage) was yummy! They made from scratch. It took about 10-12min till they serve your foods. 
The owner (chef) is Japanese. So I thought it will be good, "real Japanese" flavor. And that's true. 
I thought it overpriced but when I taste it & see the amount it's worth it. And they accept cards too. Good food & good service for a food trucks.Food is fresh, the spices are on point and deep fried chicken or pork would probably be the hardest decision you would have to make. All I got to say is: Try it yo' It's Bangin yo!Finally checking out @bangincurryfranklin this evening.  These furikake fries with wasabi aioli is absolutely BANGIN'‼‼‼ Perfectly flavored crisp fries in every bite!!!  FYI, they are only open Fri 4pm-9pm Sat 12pm-9pm Fries are amazingly crispy even when I brought it home! I will def be back in no time!! Check this place out and u won't be disappointed!! I promise!!!! Thanks Kevin & Kazoo for such awesome food!!! Keep doing what your doing!!! Much respect!!! 
#bangincurryfranklin #furikake #fries #travelwithchefcherrylEhhh, wasn't too impressed as the rest of the reviewers here. Maybe it's what I ordered because my friend loved his pork one.
I ordered the chicken and their wasabi fries. The chicken was way overly dry and the curry they provided with it wasn't enough to make the chicken more moist. The curry was good, but I wish they provided more of it. For the fries, after eating the top layer, the remaining was just fries with no sauce or seasoning. Bummer.
Overall: Not sure I will be back, but I probably will and try the pork to give a better review.Best Katsu in town hands down. If you friendly service with curry and katsu done to perfection, this is the place to try.I've been wanting to try this for months ever since moving into the Graduate Hospital neighborhood. Finally, today, the first snow day of the season, we decide to stick with the plan and walk over there in the snow. It was a great choice! No line, so we ordered immediately and it took ten minutes as promised. The guy took the time to explain the menu to us after asking if we'd been there before. Got one each of the pork and chicken katsu curries, and an order of fries each with both the wasabi and sriracha aioli on top. The food stayed hot over the ten minutes walk home in the snow! Everything was delicious, portions were generous, especially the fries-   one order could have served four people, and we were silly and got two orders! We've got leftovers, can't complain!Bangin Curry has delicious food. The Japanese curry and special fries were seasoned to perfection. The presentation was impeccable and rivaled 4 star restaurants. If you are in the area, this food truck is a must visit. 1st food truck of it's kind in South Philly to offer Japanese curry.Great food and huge portions! Learning that one of the co-owners is using his mom's old cooking recipes makes me enjoy their food even more! I always have a craving for authentic Japanese food and Bangin' Curry Franklin satisfies that craving! Their fries are absolutely delicious and really unique. I've never had such thin fries but there's a method to this. It lends to perfectly crunchy fries that are capable of holding all the tasty toppings. I would definitely recommend going here!By far, the best Japanese curry in Philadelphia  I'm astonished I'm giving away this statement to a food truck as I'm skeptical about some US food trucks. Truly a restaurant worthy quality. They give out generous proportions, both the main dish and the garnishes. I love the pork katsu over the chicken katsu. It was beautiful to look at the colorful curry. It was raining and people were lining up to get this food. I was fortunate enough to try their food before they took a break. I can't wait for them to come back to eat their curry and try the fries!Outstanding!  This truck parks just across the street from my house, and after months I finally had a chance to give it a try.  I don't normally like alot of Japanese food, but I do like curry.  This food was not like any Japanese or curry I've ever had...it was, however, straight up delicious.  The pork cutlet was so damned tasty, the curry reminded me of a beef stew but better, and some lightly dressed cabbage.  Presentation was nice, they take credit cards...i will be going back.  Great job guysMy friend recommended this place and I'm so glad I tried it out. The furikake fries ($5) were "bangin" and so was their Japanese curry rice with pork katsu ($9.50). The portion was not bad at all for the price-- they couldn't close the lid for my fries cause they were piled high lol. 
If I'm not wrong, they are fairly new so hope they'll come up with new items on the menu since it's only 3 food items and a drink as of now.Such an original idea for food and so happy they chose this area. The two guys seem nice and they made our orders quickly. The chicken katsu was better than then pork in my opinion, but they were both delicious. And, while I'm not crazy about curry, the Japanese curry was very tasty. Finally, the fries are great with either sauce.At least one other review has called this modest food truck a gem and I have to resoundingly agree. It is a gem. The menu was refreshingly simple: either pork or chicken katsu curry as a main and furikake fries as a side. With chunks of carrots, potatoes and beef in it, the curry was quite substantial. It packed bags of flavor alongside a very generous portion of well fried protein of your choice, with a bed of rice and pickled vegetables. My wife and I shared a portion of pork and chicken. Both were excellent.
Separately, I have to say that if you come here, do yourself a solid and get the furikake fries. They were so good, they almost didn't survive the relatively short drive home. I would even make the trip out again for this alone.
Add to this extremely friendly service and you've got yourself a 5 star yelp experience. Highly recommended.Perfectly crisped pork. Cabbage dressed with just enough acidity to cut the fat. Enough rice to fill the belly. And the curry... the fucking curry is divine.The simplicity of the curry chicken and pickled veggies were perfection.  Loved every bite.  Furitaki fries were delicious.... my toddler loved it and the2 sauce!  Will definitely be coming back for more.  
Call ahead to avoid the wait.  Cash or credit.  Open Friday and Saturdays only.I've been wanting to try this and finally did last wknd!
I ordered the pork donkatsu and shared fries with my friends. 
The Pork donkatsu was nice crispy on the outside while being tender inside and the fries were super crispy with delicious seasoning/sauce.
The only thing that was a negative.  The wait was about 40 minutes. 
Seems like people may have ordered in for takeout so next time that's what I'll do.AMAZiNG! BEST CURRY i EVER HAD!!!!!Not only does the food taste spectacular, the service was amazing and the presentation was impressive. It was SOLD OUT after us.
Every part of the dish was delicious. The side of shredded cabbage was delicious and I don't like cabbage. The furikake fries were addicting and the sauces go perfect.
The 2 guys who own the place and were so nice and really made an effort making sure everything looked and tasted great!
The truck is clean and the boxes they serve the food in look great. They even have little garnishes of onion and parsley. You can really see the effort they put in their food and service.Let me just start off by saying that this is my first yelp review.
I had Bangin' Curry this past weekend and wow! my mind was blown.  The chicken was crispy and full of flavor. The rice was sticky without being mushy, and off course, the curry was just out of this world.  We also ordered their fries with the wasabi sauce and they were delicious! 
With that being said, you won't be disappointed.  
I am glad they are part of the neighborhood!Great crispy Katsu and friendly staff.  I had visions of Washington avenue turning into a hipster food truck paradise...very cool.Honestly, I looked at he pictures of those fries and new I had to try some because they looked amazing. There was siracha and wasabi style fries which both were amazing in there own right! I think I prefer the siracha fries if I were to eat a ton of it, but wasabi fries has such a nice kick. 
The chicken curry was really good and had a great presentation in the box. I like that the truck gave a little design and thought to even the boxing or the food rather than simple styrofoam containers. I loved the way the chicken was cooked and fried to perfection. Along with he pickled vegetables that came with the dish. 
I came from north east philly down to visit this truck, and the beauty of it was that there's super easy parking in front of the truck. I'm always down to make the trip to try good food and I will be coming back and bringing more friends to get those fries which are probably my favorite dish. Stop reading and go out and try it!Best Chicken Katsu! And those furikake fries ... bangin!!!!! Glad we got the last one before it was sold out for the day!I grew up eating curry, chicken katsu (my favorite), and korokke, having a Japanese mom.  For me, this meal was 3.5 stars, but it's great that Japanese comfort food is available in South Philly!
With that said, of course for me, it didn't hit the spot like I hoped it would.  I'm used to the 'Golden Curry' my mom used which has a good balance of sweet and savory flavors, so the curry itself didn't taste "right" (but it's good). The korokke (this version was creamy corn) was a tad bland, but the flavor was how I remember it to be. Please make the the traditional korokke!! 
My disappointments: my chicken katsu was dry.  The fries-I'm not sure if it was actually stale(I tried it right when I received the order and it wasn't hot) or if it was over-fried so it tasted like it was stale.
I recommend thif you never had above items before and you want something other than ramen, sushi, etc.Their curry is definitely bangin! Had such a great experience here, everything from the service to the food was perfection. Great local spot, I would suggest the wasabi fries for sure!I crave this every weekend! We found out about this cart because it is run in part by the father of one of my son's classmates. They visited the cart as a class trip, and he raved about it. If my 3yo loves it, it's gotta be good. The flavors are so different and so intense (in a good way) and the textures complement each other so well - the crispy chicken, the soft rice, the savory vegetables in gravy, the crunch cabbage. It's amazing. And the fries!!! Totally addictive with the shake of umami pleasing nori flakes. Totally worth the walk and (short) wait.This place is blowing' up, just ask.
I went here several times, first was on the fourth--of July, that is! I picked up my grandkids from their mother's house. Their father was on a business conference for three weeks and he only got home the next day. It was in Denver. I've never been to Denver. Their father goes there every other year. Or is it twice a year?
The conference is about office chairs, but their father works remotely from his couch! In their first year the conference was mistakenly sued by Dow Chemical and almost had to be shut down. Dow had a lawyer who only got the job because he was Clarence Darrow's great-something-in-law. Great-too-much-removed-from-the-great-orator, I always said about the guy. He was fired immediately. Then, nobody could remember his name.
The couch they got at Ikea, even though I told them Crate & Barrel is a smaller store with better selection. Why are the lightbulbs at Ikea scattered all over the place! I don't need lightbulbs, I need a lamp. Crate and Barrel smells better, and they don't have lightbulbs.
One thing you can't get at either store is a good sandwich. You can get a sandwich at Ikea but they are average at best. And there is probably a chain restaurant by the C&B. For example, Potbelly Sandwich Shop.
That's why I'm giving this sub sandwich place no sub standard review. Five! 
Note:
Not child friendlyExcellent street style Japanese katsu.
We ordered the chicken katsu and the fries with wasabi sauce.
The fries were well executed. Thin and crispy with enough fluffy starch at their core. The topping of wasabi sauce was just spicy enough  with a savory mayo base. The portion is quite massive.
The chicken katsu was good, but exhibited a few minor mistakes. The cardboard bowl comes with chicken, rice, cabbage, and a dark Japanese curry gravy with beef and potatoes 
The chicken is tender and moist. It has a sweet batter, which I found confusing on the palate for a savory dish. 
The rice was well executed: fluffy and firm and soft.
The cabbage was not macerated or sauteed enough, leaving it too crunchy and difficult to masticate in combination with the other elements of the dish. 
Likewise the potato was undercooked and its solidity distracted from the desired curry mouthfeel. While the curry had a pleasant complex flavor, its solids were too dense on the chew. 
A nice meal with some simple and fixable execution flaws.Amazing. Absolutely must try. I saw these guys on yelp under new restaurants in Philadelphia and happened to miss them on the day their fryer broke! Came back next week and my friend and I were suuuuuuuuuuper impressed and very happy with our food! We got both the pork and the chicken curry and these meals are super filling. It comes with a side of radish and cabbage I think? And it was perfectly seasoned, sweet and sour, pickled to perfection. The curry itself was very flavorful, not a lot but the katsu was so perfectly fried. the chicken and the pork are both equally great, so if they run out of chicken, the pork is just as viable of a pick. 
The fries were seriously so amazing, it comes with a topping of honey sriracha and wasabi. The wasabi was a perfect addition to these fries. It's seriously so delicious and seasoned so well, the seaweed throws it all together.
And also, these guys are just super nice and chill. Although we waited about 40 ish minutes, it was so totally worth it, my friend and I went home to eat and it was so delicious. While waiting we just took a short walk and picked up some things from the dollar store as said in another review. They are located at the corner of the AutoZone. Would definitely eat again 10/10This is truly bangin'!!!   You have to try it to believe it. Make sure you're hungry because they give you a lot.I am heartbroken and baffled that this place isn't open, and I really hope it reopens. Genuinely some of the best food I have had in the city. The katsu is crispy and delicious, the curry is deeply flavorful, the rice has the best texture of any I have ever had, and I am genuinely haunted by how delicious their cabbage is. I am praying this place opens back up in January.I'm a sucker for a good food truck, and this gem does not disappoint.  First off, you gotta love their name, Bangin' Curry Franklin.  Secondly, and most importantly, you gotta love their food.  The Japanese curry rice with your choice of chicken or pork katsu is accompanied with pickled veggies--it's an extraordinary dish.  Also, do yourself a big favor and order the furikake fries--they're addictively delicious; oh, and say "yes" to the sauce.  This labor of love from two Temple University alums is well worth a quick trip to Washington Avenue for some fabulous takeaway food.
Lesson for the day: Furikake (pronounced foo-ree-kah-kay) is a dry Japanese seasoning which typically consists of a mixture of dried and ground fish, sesame seeds, chopped seaweed, sugar, and salt.  I have no idea what ingredients make up Bangin' Curry Franklin's version, but it's ever so good.Food truck menu done right. Three items on the menu for all you illiterate foodies. It's located on the corner of the AutoZone and has a pretty interesting food truck model. You order, they ask for your number (I asked them why they would do such a thing - no spam calls please) and they said they'll call you when it's ready. Sooo it takes approx 20 mins for them to make the order. Not ideal.
-Pork Katsu ($9.50): fair price for some pretty bangin Katsu. The gravy was a bit excessive but it really added to the flava flave. Veggies also hit the spot and was fresh
Overall, a friendly and dynamic duo making good food. Wouldn't say it was a mind blowing gastro experience coupled with the 20 min wait puts it at a 4 star vs 5.Stopped by here to get some food and wow their fries are good. A nice wasabi flavored mayo with sprinkles of seaweed and seasoning. A box full of them for $5 is such a steal. Come stop by here and say hello to the two friendly owners of this little business.Such an original idea for food and so happy they chose this area. The two guys seem nice and they made our orders quickly. The chicken katsu was better than then pork in my opinion, but they were both delicious. And, while I'm not crazy about curry, the Japanese curry was very tasty. Finally, the fries are great with either sauce.
Update - got it a second time and it was just as good! I had to wait because they received a bunch of orders at once but they were super friendly about it. They kept apologizing, offered me a beer while I waited (I accepted) and I am pretty sure they gave me a larger portion than usual. These guys get it.Potentially the best food truck in Philly, and perhaps the only Katsu spot you need. Perfectly done pork and chicken with fresh accompanying veggies. The owners are hospitality and food-passion at its finest. If it were open 7 days a week I'd be regular.Great little food truck for a taste of Japanese homestyle/pub food. The korokke is a box of creamy not-quite-mozzarella sticks you never knew you needed, easy to eat while walking. Currently a limited menu of korokke, curry, and furikake fries.Fantastic box of deliciousness. Japanese Curry. Chicken or pork. I got the pork. Light coating. Perfect rice. A bit of stew and pickled something on the side.This is quite a find. Amazing food from a diminutive food truck! Meticulously prepared  prepared Kaz has made the taste of street food from Ishikawa into a tasty delight. We made this place a destination as we drove fro Frankfort, and it was well worth it!One of the best Hidden Gems in Philly! I got chicken Katsu with the furikake Fries . It's the bomb dot com. The portions are very generous and the ingredients are pretty good. For under ten bucks, it's a spoonful​ of flavor with ever bite. The chicken seems to be more juicer than the pork version and the furikake Fries added another level of texture and crunchiness. 
It is only open on Fridays and Saturdays so check the day and time before showing up. Try to come earlier and put your order and go shop somewhere nearby. The cooking time can take a while. Close to twenty mins but trust me. Go check out the local dollar store, which I did with a friend, and kill some time. Deuces.So I live in the neighborhood so I walked a few blocks to try this food truck out because of the ratings.
I look online and I see if you order takeout with Grubhub they charge you an extra four dollars more.
So what I did was call the truck and I placed my order and I saved some money. It was in the middle of Washington Avenue closer to 17th St.. The area isn't the best area because it's pretty deserted. 
The service is great and I picked up my order.
They packed a lot of food-my daughter and I finished the entrée and we didn't even touch the fries and we were so full. I ate it the next day and next time I will ask them to not only put sauce on the fries but on the bottom and in the middle. Most of the fries had no topping 
She love the meat and carrots with the curry-I love the chicken and the white rice. I would order againOrdered a Pork with Japanese curry rice and Wasabi mayo fries. My favorite was the fries and I will def go back to try the Siracha fries next week! The curry was decent, but the fries are what got my attention. I went on a day that it was 93 degrees outside so there were no lines!Really good and large portions! Had to wait 10-15 for my food but not bad. That means it's fresh! The pickled red onions were really good too on topI'm In Loooooove with Cuuuuurrrryyy ;-)
This place is Amaziiiiiiiiiiiiiing  The Chicken Curry over rice and the fries.....Yes....THE FRIES are my Favorite. I get "mixed" fries so I could enjoy both flavors and pass out after the huge portion for ONLY $5
The menu is limited, but the food is OVERLOAD.
I promise you, you'll enjoy  
THANKS GUYS!!!Ordered this for pick up yesterday and was ready in 10 minutes. So excited to finally try the Japanese katsu that was only a few minutes from my domicile. First time having Japanese curry, so I am a newbie, here. We ordered the pork and chicken katsu and found ourselves devouring the pork katsu. Between the curry sauce, cabbage and the rice with the pork, the flavors were extremely layered and addictive. We ordered the mixed fries which may have been a mistake because there was not enough sirracha and not enough wasabi. The fries were thin and crispy with ok seasoning, but they were definitely overshadowed by the main dishes. We could not even start the chicken plate so that is saved for later! Will be back for sure!!I love curry and I love pork katsu! This was the perfect blend for me. The sad thing is, the hours are only on Friday and the weekend. I would appreciate it if they were open on the weekdays.Now this...this place...this place is something to get hype about.
I've been using Yelp for years and have been to a great many restaurants without ever writing a single review.. but this little cart compelled me. I was fortunate enough to have lived in Japan for four months thanks to Temple's study abroad program, and I fell in love with the curry there. Fast-forward two years and I'm on the impossible quest to find an authentic, high-quality Japanese curry that doesn't break the bank (there's a great spot in NYC but it's 16+ dollars per plate!) and that doesn't ultimately let me down. I had all but given up hope until I found this newly opened cart only a few blocks from my house. Cue hype.
I'll just get straight to it: 
The curry is incredible. Rich, meaty (this cart incorporates chunks of beef into its curry, something incredibly rare to find in the states even though it's technically traditional), hearty (chunks of delicious cooked potato and carrot) and just a hint of sweet. The rice was cooked perfectly. The fresh pickled vegetables provided a welcome acidity. The pork katsu..oh man... the pork katsu. Honestly beats out even some of my favorite curry spots IN JAPAN. Seasoned just right and tender even through being fried. This is the real deal. Everything is scratch-made and meticulously cared for, all the way down to the tonkatsu sauce.  I can't sing this place's praise's enough.
After some friendly chatter and discovering that we're all Temple alumni, I was fortunate enough to receive their furikake fries as well, and these things were bonkers. I didn't expect to like them nearly as much as I did, even though I do love furikake. I just never expected what is traditionally considered a basic Japanese rice seasoning to elevate standard shoe-string french fries in such a way..I could have inhaled them forever.
Seriously. Eat here. 
My only issue is that because they are only open on Friday's and Saturday's.. I'lll be tempted to eat here every single week. Wait..is that even an issue?
Looking forward to coming back for as long as they're around.Awesome service. Bangin food. This food truck is a must! These guys know what they are doing. Two friends serving the community one Katsu at a time.After coming back from a trip to Japan I've been hooked on Japanese curry. Sadly back in the states it's been hard for me to find a good go-to place. Well if you're anywhere even near Philly you need to go to Bangin Curry Franklin. Their food incredible and comes generous portions! The food is amazing with well balanced flavors that taste exactly like what I had in Japan. Me and my friend had the Katsu (pork) curry and these amazing furikake Sriracha fries. Both the guys working there were so friendly and helpful! I can't recommend this place highly enough!I've been waiting for a Friday or Saturday when I was in town and not working to come check this place out- as others have mentioned, it seems misleadingly unremarkable on the corner of 18th and Washington, right by the AutoZone parking lot. I got the chicken katsu and the furikake fries with the wasabi sauce. The curry itself was pretty tasty, consistent with katsu don I've had elsewhere, and the chicken, while well breaded and properly cooked, wasn't anything itself to write home about. I did like the cabbage/radish that came with it, and found it this to be a well packaged and well portioned meal. The star here are those fries, oh my goodness, I couldn't even wait until I got home to eat them, and totally made a mess on my walk back home with these things. Perfectly fried, and their thin cut makes them the right amount of crunchy to hold up some serious toppings.This place is ridiculously good. Went there for the first time yesterday the people were super nice and the truck has a sick paint job. Went back today, the food is so delicious, definitely one of those places you go to once and then go back to constantly for as long as it is available. Went back today, another stellar meal. Telling all of my friends and will definitely be supporting this business.Well.. I was torn between 3 vs 4 star for this place, but for a food truck that has to maintain it's reputation, food quality/taste, I have to give these guys some credit for their persistence and friendliness.
I stopped by here yesterday afternoon while my buddy and I were browsing the South Philadelphia area looking for some grub, we weren't originally in the katsu/curry kind of mood but the pictures looked enticing enough for us to give up our taco mood and try this place. We drove up and down the street as we couldn't initially find it, but did come across it as we noticed 3 food trucks that were parked by each other... all of which had no line initially (surprising.. usually these trucks have a long line..)
They didn't have too many choices on the menu: was the fries, (wasabi, spicy mayo, or mixed - I'd get the mixed!), the chicken and pork katsu which comes with rice, side of cabbage salad, a katsu that's cut up into roughly 10 pieces on a bed of white rice. 
Overall, I'd say the food is pretty solid, but would I come back? If I'm in the area, yes but I would not go out of my way to come back. The staff were really friendly and accommodating with sauces. The prices are a little steep for what it is, we got 1 entrée each and side of fries and came out to be $30.Beyond my expectations! They only have like 3 items in their menu, but if you do what you do this well, you don't need a ton of options. I've been hearing great things about this place for a while now and just finally got to try them out. I ordered their fried pork cutlet with rice and curry sauce. Since I wasn't eating it right away, I asked if they could put the curry on the side, and they very courteously obliged. I also ordered their famous fries which originally thought was just the wasabi/furikake flavor but asked me if I wanted the wasabi or sriracha flavor...I couldn't decide and asked if I could do half and half and they said yes. Let me just say, I HIGHLY recommend doing half and half because they are both AWESOME. I don't like wasabi flavored things a lot because it can be overwhelming, but I wanted to try it and my husband likes wasabi. The wasabi mayo they put on the fries is really good and not overpowering at all. The sriracha mayo gave it a nice garlicy kick and honestly have both flavors on my fries was the best decision ever! For $5, you get a TON of fries and everything is made fresh to order and so good. 
I don't want to only rave about the fries because their pork cutlet was equally amazing. They used a cut of pork that had a good balance of fat and lean meat so that it wasn't too dry. It was so crispy and delicious! Even though I wasn't going to eat it until much later, I couldn't help but sneak a piece to try and it was fantastic. I didn't get to eat the whole dish until much later and it was still really good. I'm glad I asked for the curry on the side because the curry is another story in itself. I've ordered Japanese tonkatsu at other places before and every  place I've gone to, the curry sauce is just that...a sauce. Not here...nope, they give you legit curry with chunks of veggies and meat! The curry has a very deep and complex flavor with a hint of bitterness. I ended up just dipping a little bit of my pork cutlet in the sauce and ate the curry with rice by itself. 
The hype for this place is real people. Super delicious and well made food. Search out food truck on Washington Ave and do yourself a favor.Environment: This location is a sleep on 17th and Washington. Don't be deceived by it's food truck location just chilling on the street. This is indeed.. one of the hidden gems in Philly.
Service: These guys are so personable, able to share life with and because it isn't too high in demand yet, a 10 minute wait is no problem with these fellas.
Food: I've tried a few katsu places in different parts/pockets of town around the states. This is easily one of the best.. A slap of meat with a thin crust around the pork makes it absolutely amazing. I have been here a few times and this place never ceases to fail it's quality. I am personally on a gluten-free diet, and they are willing to cater to those specific desires and give me a bed of cabbage in return. Still amazing... On top of that, the wasabi they use on top of the fries is absolutely on point. There is a good zesty flavor to the wasabi without being too spicy with the perfect texture and size of fries that absorb and maximize the flavor.
Price: For about $10 for quality food & awesome owners, this place is no joke. Must try.Truly a labor of love! 
We were able to try some of the best Japanese curry around town this weekend at Bangin' Curry Franklin, and we left craving more.  Simple menu that delivers on flavor with either pork or chicken katsu, over rice with fresh curry.  The katsu was fried perfectly and was tender and juicy on the inside.  The curry is complex, savory, and simply delicious. The sides of fresh cabbage and pickled onions serve as a great crunch and flavor contrast.  We also tried our friends' fries which were perfectly crisp on the outside and topped with amazing furikake.  I don't love mayo, but my friends commented that the combination of the siracha and wasabi mayo was a perfect creamy pairing.
Owners are super friendly and locals just trying to make the world a better place - one katsu at a time. Make sure you check out this hidden (for now) gem!  The cart is located on 18th street on the south side of Washington!  There's usually street parking around, and there's 4 seats outside (no table) to enjoy the great weather with the great food.
Enjoy!I was surprised to see a foodtruck randomly on 17th and Washington!  There is a limited menu, but that doesn't bother me.
My wife and I ordered a chicken and pork katsu ($10.50 each).  Both comes with rice, ladle of curry (potatoes, carrots, etc.) and a bed of lightly dressed cabbage salad.
We both enjoyed the pork and chicken equally.  Both were fried perfectly.  Very crispy and juicy.
The rice is on the soggier end (I prefer mine a big drier).  The curry is pretty good - slightly different from what you may expect with Indian curry.  I wished they ladled more sauce into the meal
I was stuffed and this was a heavy meal that justifies its price!  Would come bsckHoly cow. AMAZING!
Their chicken katsu is the thing to get. It was a little dry, but the flavor was there! The fries were thin and crispy, but they were kinda light on the sauces so they tasted just like basic fries after you have the top few pieces. 
Huge portions. Great prices. Awesome people. Fantastic food. I'd definitely stop by again.