The Yenta pastrami bao is incredible, a great concoction of fusion fast casual food. I just wish the fried chicken baos, which are also delicious, were a little bigger or lower the price by 75 cents. With two baos for $9+ tax and stuff, I want to be pretty satisfied. As a comparison, a Federal Donuts fried chicken sandwich is $8.I love the customer service. They also gave ma a free Hamm's beer.  I got one of the bowls and it was so delicious.  The staff was awesome.  The benches outside provided social distancing it was great!super soft pillowy bao.  how i heart you.  thank you bao nine for existing in philly.I would not review Bao Nine if I lived local so as not to attract a crowd.  As it is, we were nearby visiting elderly relatives and stopped in for lunch.  OMGosh!  So good.  Can't wait to go back and try other creations.  
The service was so pleasant and attentive without being intrusive.This is a good spot to grab a quick bite or get takeout. Fast service, good prices and unique boa options.We ordered the 12 bao takeout which was good to feed 3. The shrimp was great- nice and crispy with a neat texture profile. Short rib was very well flavored as well. My favorite is the pork belly- the pickled veggies add a nice sour tint and crunchy texture that balances out the bao perfectly. Overall it was a tasty meal and would recommend! More of a 4.5 starDined in for lunch...bao yum
Enjoyed the Brussel Sprouts and the tacos in the bao bun. The buns were nice and soft and a great combo with the insert of your choice. 
The staff were pleasant and helpful as this was my first time. I'll be back to try more options.Never fails to make me and my belly happy!! I always have to at least get the crispy chick... that's my absolute favorite bao. Also, LOVE the addition of taro chips as a side. You're missing out if you don't get some taro chips!!I've been meaning to try this place out, ever since it popped on my Instagram! 
One fall day, we got the chance to do it. They have outside seating, and the menu is via a QR code. You can mix and match your Baos which I think is fantastic, they also had bowls which you can customize with the choice of base. 
We decided to try the shrimp bao, cheesesteak bao and another chicken one. 
My favorite was the shrimp one. The cheesesteak one was slightly more salty. But all three were messy to eat but appetizing . My SO got the spicy chicken bowl over salad and it was delicious yet healthy. 
Definitely a good stop.This spot is right next to a parking garage so the big PARK sign covers the view of the restaurant - don't drive too fast otherwise you will pass it - but it's a cute corner shop with amazing baos! They have seating outside alongside the wall so there's a nice shade from the direct sunlight. The servers come out with the food and are very sweet. They only have two drinks available: water and slightly flavored seltzer. My husband and I got Bao Around the World or some name like that ($50) and it was such a great experience. This is the second time I have ever went to a bao place and his first time ever even eating a bao. Our favorite was definitely Bao Bao (short ribs) but each of them were delicious! The brussel sprouts were also amazing but a little too doused in marinade towards the bottom. The peppers are really good as well - not spicy in case any spice lover were wondering but still scrumptious!Highly recommend Bao Nine! There were a lot of delicious options on the menu which made it difficult to choose. I especially recommend the Hot Motha Clucka and the brussel sprouts - but everything was delicious. The food was ready quickly and pick up was convenient. I will definitely return!It's good, but not cheap. $5 per bao and it's not big. The crispy chicken was on the more juicy and tender side than crispy. It was freshly made, very clean and steamy. Bao was very moist and soft. Just doesn't seem like it can be $5 tho...This place is good! The portions are small, but they make incredible bao sandwiches. The buns are soft, fluffy and they complement well with the sauces and fillings. It is a great fusion restaurant, but they are a little pricey, especially if you are leaning towards wanting a filling meal. They don't have the most extensive menu but they do a great job with what they do do.Found this place while walking around during my day visit to Philly. The buns are delicious and they have outside seating which is perfect during this time.These were fusion baos, lots of interesting flavours and varieties. We had the pork bao, the shishito peppers, the chicken baos, and the shrimp baos. The pork and shishito peppers was amazing!A newer spot in Philly that is an absolute must try! Sweetest people ever and the food is AMAZING!! I've been back twice already!This place is a recent addition to center city dining. It opened during covid but luckily they have outdoor dining and take out. The bao buns are really good! There's a lot of variety (chicken, beef, pork, and veggie). The staff are also incredibly nice. I'd go back soon.We traveled around the world soaring on a cloud of bao buns!!! Simply amazing culinary experience.Got take out from here last week in the middle of COVID. An excellent experience from all angles!
Lots of tables set up outside with QR codes on them which makes ordering easy. If you scan the code when ordering online they know which table to bring everything out to which was super easy. Everything was very COVID friendly. 
Small but varied menu of food to chose from. We had the Brussel sprouts which were a surprising offering from here but excellent! Also had the fried chicken, pork belly, and one other bao bun (escapes my mind). Came out very nicely displayed. Honestly I'm usually not a huge fan of bao buns. But there were delicious! Meat was cooked perfectly and nicely flavored. Variety of bao buns have lots of interesting and great toppings on them too. Honestly nothing to improve on! If you're looking for a quick delicious well priced meal or snack in the Rittenhouse area this is the place to go.Val's have tasty fresh ingredients.
I have eaten here a few times.
The Bap Boa with short rib, cheery peppers and truffle whiz is my favorite.  
I also highly recommend the prime time.  This is the best slider you will eat.
The last time I was there there was a slight issue with my order.  Bai Nine immediately corrected the issue and was very apologetic even though it was a minor issue.  This is the mark of good customer service.Just tried the Brussels sprouts and they're delicious! Not a fan of the crispy rice thoughThis place is a perfect little quick meal! I LOVE the concept, they take traditional bao buns and put a twist on them. You can order a meal with 3 different ones which I did. I got the lil bao wow, the crispy chick, and the bang bang. All of them were so delicious, the bao bun itself was perfectly fluffy and chewy. My favorite was the crispy chicken though! Definitely making a stop back to try their bowls next time! Extra star for a cute and funny menu.Definitely has potential. There certainly are some speed bumps they need to overcome (I ordered three bao, and one of them was incorrect), but the bao itself is rather good, to the point where I wasn't upset they'd messed up. I'll definitely be coming back.Love this place. Please support them they need to stick around 
Great flavor
Good value
Great friendly serviceDelicious and friendly service in the times of covid! I recommend the bang bang with the tempura shrimp and aioli sauceSo light and tasty. The chicken was good quality and the sauces were really good. They stayed good for takeout too.tl;dr offering up a host of bao options, the fusion cuisine here is good, but nothing quite steals the show
Bao Nine prides itself on an eclectic assortment of fusion-style baozi: pillowy, steamed buns stuffed with various fixins. With 9 different options to choose from, alongside a selection of bowls and sides, this spot aims to have an option for everyone. Combined with picnic-bench style outdoor eating, a minimalistic and cute indoor, and a straightforward online ordering system, Bao Nine jumps out as a party pleaser.
I placed an order for pickup at 12:30 but received a text nearly 20 minutes ahead of time that my meal was already prepared. With my food sitting out for a bit before I swung by, I opened my takeout box to borderline warm food to my subtle dismay.
I opted for 3 bao, in order of preference: the Yenta (pastrami, mustard, slaw), the Crispy Chick (chicken, pickles, coleslaw), and the Bao Boa (short rib, whiz, cherry peppers). The Yenta was solid. It was stuffed generously with mouth-watering pastrami and gingerly dolloped with sauce. The Crispy Chick, with its surprisingly flavorful chicken contrasted with crisp pickles and rich mayo, reminded me a lot of a slightly higher-quality Chick-fil-A sandwich -- which is great until you realize that a sandwich at Chick-fil-A would only run you $3.75 (compared to $4.50 per bun at Bao Nine). Finally, the Bao Boa screamed Philly sandwich scene through its cherry pepper relish -- maybe even a bit too much. I couldn't truly appreciate the intricacies of the whiz or short rib filling.
I found that 3 was a fair serving size for a meal. Each bun was about half the size of a fist. Yet overall, I found myself wishing for a more substantial starch. The chewy bao didn't quite absorb the flavors of the toppings, nor did it have a pleasant crisp. Moreover, at nearly $5 per dumpling, the fast-casual concept here errs on the side of expensive. While I appreciate Bao Nine's commitment to its buns, I just wasn't dazzled enough to become a regular at this spot.Freaking awesome food, big portions, not sure why someone said the buns were small? They are full of meat and really perfect
Also great outdoor spaceJust experienced for the first time today. I did an online order for bao  buns of roasted chicken, crispy chicken, shrimp tempura, and short ribs. Two words would describe them, fresh, delicious. Great experience.
Looking forward to ordering their bowls next time. Congratulations!Love this place!! It's clean and bright and the food is delicious!! Especially recommend the Motha Clucka, Gringo, and the shrimp tempura bunsGreat spot to get a variety of buns! Still working my way through the whole menu but the buffalo chicken one is probably my favorite. It's exactly how it sounds so if you like buffalo this is a good choice! The beef (hamburger) was also really good and a fun fusion with a bao bun. My boyfriend had the rice noodle bowl with short rib which was delicious and also a ton of food. Brussels sprouts are a must get - similar to what you'd get at Double Knot.This place is great!!! I loved the bao options and innovation they created. Highly recommendedBrand new place and amazing first experience! Don't remember their official names but got the shishito peppers, crispy buffalo chicken bao, shrimp tempura bao and some crispy dessert item with a sweet dip. The peppers were spicy and salty, very good! Everything was yummy, very refreshing and delicious! And amazing service, friendly, fast and very warm! Highly recommend them ! Will be back very soon.I was so excited about trying this newer restaurant. I was disappointed with the meal.
The meat in the bowl and on the bunn was dry and lacked the flavor of short rib meat elsewhere. 
The bowl and the bunn were not hot. For real good Korean food I am going back to the Korean restaurant next to the HMart on Old York road.Great spot for healthy, tasty bowls! Didn't try the buns but they look awesome.Place: clean and organized interior. Casual dining. Both indoor dining and takeout available. Staff was kind and friendly. 
Food: will have to go back to try the baos, but the rice bowls were hearty and filling. Short rib meat was well marinated and soft! Reminded me of sweetgreen's warm rice bowls with more Asian flavors present in the vegetable mix.Clean restaurant, focused menu, really good branding on their take out containers. Food had an obvious consistency despite having a variety of flavors to choose from. I'd recommend you order one more than you'd think.The crispy chicken bowl is delicious - good portion of chicken, yummy veggies included some pickled. And I could eat a half-dozen of the buffalo chicken buns (Hot Mutha Clucka). We've only ordered during covid-era and yet they've always been super fast and tasty. It's a good price, too. Two of us are usually stuffed for ~$30-35 total.Cute spot we stumbled upon. They had different types of bao buns, not necessarily your typical Asian inspired "flavors." They were creatively delicious with the different types I ordered. My only one criticism was that it was a bit too salty for my taste.Overall very good. Love the concept of fast casual bao buns. 
We tried a lot of the buns and loved the boa bao, bang bang, and yenta. The crispy chicken and spicy chicken were good but didn't stand out in flavor. We would come back!I've tried all the buns and every one of them is unique and tasty. The bowls are also good and certainly more filling than the buns. In terms of portion size, I would say that even though their website recommends 3-4 buns per person, I personally needed about 5-6 buns to feel full.AMAZING buns with an interesting asian fusion theme!
I love their ambitious takes on traditional bao buns, adding nontraditional meats and veggies. I don't usually do deliver order but I tried it once and was pleasantly surprised. I got five different buns. 
The Crispy Chick is a highly recommended fried chicken bun with coleslaw! Wish the chicken was more crispy and there was more sauce but overall decent. 
The Gringo was pretty plain in my opinion w/ chicken- wish it was spicier- but lacks in comparison to the fried chicken one. 
The limited time sesame bun was okay, with a strong teriyaki flavor, but I also wish it was a bit spicier/flavorful. 
My two favorites would have to be the Hot Motha Clucka as well as the Bao Boa!! With fried chicken, I wish it was crispier again, with more of the blue cheese and celery toppings, but the spice was perfect for buffalo. The Bao Boa was soo good- truffle sauce is a perfect complement to the fatty pulled beef. 
The presentation of their delivery looks great! I also appreciated their buns a lot- soft and fluffy. A bit pricy per bun but worth the price for a treat every so often. Only problems would have to be the crispiness of the chicken (probably because of delivery) as well as consistency on the toppings/sauce- balancing all the flavors better. Overall go try!!- can never stop at less than three buns.Solid food. Small buns but that's the nature of them. A tad pricey but that's also the area. The shrimp bun and the Buffalo chicken bun are delicious and I'd order again! Wish they opened around broad and South!Just found the food place while walking towards my car. The food was warm and very delicious. Had I not eaten prior I would have had more buns. Highly recommend and will definitely try again later.I ordered online from here, and I had a great experience. At the time that I ordered, there was a promo on their website that gave you a free Bao bun with each order. The only knock I have is that it is a little bit expensive for what it is, but each Bao that I ordered was great. The savory ones were crispy and flavorful, and the dessert one was creative and tasty. I would definitely come here again.Food was really good! Shishito peppers are amazing! I would definitely come back to this placeBao & Buns are great, lightweight street food-- inexpensive, handheld, and at Bao Nine, also surprisingly filling. 
Pleasant, laid-back staff. Great indoor space, and several picnic-style tables set up in the covid-era outdoor dining area carved into the street. Cleverly named dishes, and from the descriptions I wanted to try most of them.
This is the kind of food I love to start or end a night out with, or for a light meal when I'm too busy for something heavier. I'm sad I only had time to try a single bun (pictured).
I found this place because I was staying at a nearby hotel, but this is the kind of fare that I'll actively seek out.I have gone to Bao Nine several times since moving back to Philly in January. And it never disappoints. I have introduced it to many of my friends and colleagues and they are hooked. It really is a hidden gem in Center City. 
I have only ordered the Crispy Chicken bowl, however, so I can't personally speak to the Bao buns. But... everyone I know who has ordered them is obsessed. 
Bao Nine is a lovely Friday treat and I look forward to it every time I order.I got the hot motha clucka, the bao boa, the crispy chick . I walked in on saturday for a quick bite. Noticed a lot of people order online for pick up here. They were quick and very nice. Each bun tasted amazing! Can't wait to come back to try the rest.Easy online ordering and pickup. I was pretty hungry by the time I got home so all the buns tasted amazing. I especially liked The Crispy Chick and Lil Bao Wow buns. The Big Finish cinnamon dessert was pretty tasty too. One of the baos was a big soggy from the juices, but otherwise they were packaged nicely and held up well in transit. They're a tad expensive for the size of the portions but also pretty filling, and the interesting flavor combos are delightful for the adventurous eater.This place is so good. I've been coming here since their grand opening and also won their grand opening prize for free bao buns for a year (1 per week) tried almost every bao on their menu and my favorite is the bang bang which is shrimp tempura. My second one is the bao boa or the bao wow. One has shirt rib while the other has pork belly. Their sides ive only tried the shishito peppers and they are so addicting with their umami dipping sauce. Staff is very friendly too!Fell victim to the IG and Facebook ads but glad I did. Buns were hot and fluffy. Fillings were flavorful and the buns absorbed the juices well. Definitely great for a quick meal or snack on the goThe food here is absolutely delicious! Went here with the hubby & my family about a week ago & the whole experience was magnificent. The staff was very friendly, the manager described in detail  the entire menu with a smile on his face ( which was very kind of him). The restaurant was very clean. They also have outdoor dining which we took advantage of due to the weather being so nice. I enjoyed the bao buns so much that I wanted to try a bowl so I ordered one a few days later for lunch! If you're a fan of fresh made to order food like me, try them out! Great food, great atmosphere & friendly staff!10/10 experience! i got the bang bang and the crispy chick and they were everything i could ask for in a bao bun.  sweet umami pillowy goodness.Bubbly atmosphere & awesome food! Super tasty! My boyfriend got the Crispy Chick & I got The Bang Bang bao's. Owner was super nice as well! Gave us free dessert/bao's covered in cinnamon sugar for my boyfriends birthday! Definitely try this place!!What an amazing find! From the moment I walked in I could tell that quality was extremely important. The restaurant has such a cool/hip inviting atmosphere and the staff was super friendly. I wound up getting three Bao Buns in total, the Hot Motha Clucka, the Bao Boa, & the Bang Bang. All three were amazing which makes me even more excited to try the rest of them. I will definitely be back again to try three more!!!Really great buns. Was deciding between 2 and 3 and if you're hungry go with 3 it's not too much food.Best Brussels sprouts!!!! Even my daughter loves them. Service is excellent too. Highly recommend.Delicious! Prompt service from an online order. Place was immaculately clean. Will definitely be back.Cute little place very casual like chipotle almost. Nothing fancy which we love. The food comes out pretty fast. The baos were really good but definitely not like "OMG THE BEST PLACE IN THE WORLD!!!"  I liked the fried chicken one the best. They were a little liquidy sometimes making the Bread turn into mushy paste in some spots. But the meats were very tender and high quality. Tasted good. Was an easy dinner and not too expensive either. 3 filled me. Don't let your eyes get bigger than your stomach! The manager was very very kind and I loved the overall ambiance. Quiet and fun.We got absolutely Nine for takeout and it was delish! Unique Bao options and awesome bowls and sides.  I would recommend getting the triple bun option so you can sample all of the deliciousness for a cheaper price! The bowls are well portioned so you can even make a whole meal out of it. These were so good for takeout so I can imagine how amazing they would be super fresh and hot! Can't wait to try more of the bao bun options!I order lunch here a decent amount and I am never disappointed. I love the bun trio and my go-to is the hot motha clucker, crispy chicken and the prime time. The Brussels are also good if you want a side. Great spot for a bite!10/10 recommend. Each of the bao buns was soft and fresh, the perfect texture! You can tell a lot of thought went into designing the recipes - the sauces, fresh veg/garnish, and proteins are very intentional and enjoyed in every single bite. Staff were also very welcoming and friendly.We were nervous to go in because it was empty but so so glad we did. The bao sandwiches were delicious. The bowl was out of this world. No liquor but other than that the place is perfection. I can't wait to come back and try all of the baosSuper casual spot to grab a lunch or dinner! Really nice and attentive staff, and they had plenty of picnic tables and outdoor seating. The baos are more like fusion baos rather than traditional Chinese baos.Love the creative bun assortments! Did not order enough! Awesome service , bao buns were lit! Cannot wait to go back !Enjoyed the hot motha clucka! I tried the pork and pork belly...the only issue was the pickles made the bao very soggy. It tasted good but fell apart.Pretty small place in downtown Philadelphia but it has its charm once you walk in. You are greeted with this table counter in the middle that really gets in the way of looking at the menu on the board, but nothing too inconvenient. The options are various with cute names and you have to take some time to really peruse through the names to figure out what you want. 
I ended up getting 5 Baos for the road and I ate them on my way home. Some of the choices are good and I think two of the choices I selected had pickles in them and they really reminded me of Popeyes Spicy Chicken Sandwich. With the size of the Bao and the taste, I felt like I would have been more satisfied just getting a Popeyes Spicy chicken sandwich. That is why I removed a star. 
The other choices were delicious. I especially liked the ones with the slaw, which gives it a bit of a unique flavor. 
Overall, it was a good experience coming here (I came from the DC area), but I would not come out of my way just to come here to eat. I would only be here if I was in the vicinity.AMAZING food and great quality service. The entire staff was incredible 10/10 will be back. The owners and chef are beyond fantastic and are willing to accommodate their guest. Will def be returningLoved the concept and casual atmosphere of the place! The baos were fluffy and slightly sweet! Loved the fried chicken and short ribs bao the best!I was so so so hype to try this place, but it just really missed the mark. I only really enjoyed the shrimp tempura bao, everything else was tasty enough but just didn't pop. The falafel was not bad either. The Brussel sprouts, however.. will return any day for those. At $4.50 a piece I would rather just go to Yanako in Manayunk where I can get two authentic buns for the same price (okay 50 cents more. Same idea kids). I like the idea of trying to modernize for those more timid around this cuisine, but I think they went too far in the American direction unfortunately.I had a threesome from here and it was great. I got hot mother clucker, baoboa, and showtime. And I would rank them in that order. Showtime is no good but the other two were solid. Little pricy but was surprisingly filling.So many delicious and creative baos to choose from. We chose 5 different ones and none of them disappointed. The baos are so light and fluffy like clouds and all the different fixing they're stuffed with are yummy. Easy to order online and pick up quickly. Definitely am recommending and will return!Tasty and interesting! A little pricey--but if they add some additional inexpensive sides (noodles, rice) it might be easier to make these buns into a filling mealThis is my favorite lunch spot in the city, period. The food is top notch every single time, served quickly, and Kyle runs the place like a machine! It's a disservice if you're nearby and don't at least check it out (I usually get it once/weekly at this point).Went here earlier this week. Really great service and attentive employees. I ordered the hot motha clucka bao bun, and they were very willing to adapt it to my own liking. It was made very promptly and was DELICIOUS. I highly recommend visiting!The staff (Ava) was very helpful! The food was amazing and place was so clean! I'm a Vegan and she was able to guide me through choices that would fit my needs.
The bowl was amazing and the Brussels sprouts were so flavorful! 
My friend had a Bao and was destroyed before I was able to take a picture so I'd say that was delicious as well!Bao Nine has been on my list since it opened last year and I live in queen village, so I haven't had a chance to make it there yet. Finally last weekend I was visiting a friend who lives in the 1900 Arch building so I went to pick up dinner from Bao Nine. 
I preordered on their website and my food was ready in less than 10 minutes! I ordered the shrimp tempura bun, the Buffalo chicken bun, and the sticky chicken. All of them were great, but the Buffalo chicken was my favorite. 
For dinner, I thought $15 was pretty reasonable, but I probably wouldn't get lunch there for the price unless they had a lunch special. If you like bao buns I would definitely recommend giving it a try!This place has the BEST baos I've ever had! I highly recommend, although more expensive, they are definitely worth it if you want to treat yourself to good food!Excellent service and food everyone is so friendly and helpful especially being my first time coming here. It's Safe to say I will be coming back