Always good for dinner and one of our Philadelphia favorites! Food is always delivered as ordered and served hot!Visited philly read the reviews and came to Stella rossa with high expectations and unfortunately ended up disappointed with the food. The calamari dish and cheese platter assortment were the only items with flavor. The pizza didn't flow it tasted like the vegetables were steamed in microwave placed in cheese and it was all melted on dry puffy flat bread. Beef carpaccio also had no taste. Although, the service was impeccable and ambiance was nice for a dressy casual relaxing atmosphere.At the Philadephia Food Expo a few weeks ago on Jefferson campus, I won a $25 gift card to go. As I was debating when to use it, they also informed me I won a free happy hour. My boyfriend and I decided to go for dinner and happy hour. Now, my free "happy hour" was not explained well in the slightest. (Since then, I had won another one, and the details were more well explained). Due to the confusion, the manager was more than accommodating for my 9 happy hour friends (even allowing my alcohol-free friend to get half-priced apps even though she didn't pay for a package). Drink selection was decent and we made our money worth it for the alcohol! 
Boyfriend and I also had dinner before hand. The servers were attentive and had excellent mannerisms. Our bread and oil came out quickly - it was a foccacia-herb type loaf with excellent flavoring. I ordered the Cavatelli Tartufo while he ordered the Rigatoni Pizzaioli. The flavoring was rich without being overpowering or too heavy. The portion sizes were generous for the price. I would definitely return again.Food was just Ok, nothing special here and I wouldn't go back again. However, Nothing was bad - the service was great, fun atmosphere (although it was very Maggiano's-esque), and the food was nicely portioned. We shared the meatball appetizer, Caesar salad, and the chicken Parmesan. Everything was good, but again, nothing special. Philly is world-renowned for some of the best Italian restaurants in the world, don't sell yourself short by coming here if you are seeking good Italian in Philly. There are plenty other restaurants to choose from!I'm from about an hour outside of Philly, but whenever I'm in the area, Barra Rossa is my first pick for dinner (and there's a Cheesecake Factory nearby!). It's great for any occasion, because prices range from impromptu night out for two to celebratory dinner for twelve. Speaking of large parties, the restaurant is very accommodating for big groups with and even without reservations (depending on the time). The two-story restaurant has its own unique ambiance on its street corner, making it as attractive inside as it is out.Went this afternoon for a late lunch despite the pouring rain; so glad that we did. I received an Open Table gift cert for the holidays and redeemed it here since its close and its a new restaurant; the braised meatballs app was delicious; the pizza and rigatoni were also really good. Had a few Dogfish's as well, which are always great. The service was very good; nicely paced since we weren't in a rush, and our server, Greg, was attentive and very nice, even though it seemed he was busy at times. We look forward to returning and trying some new things, but we definitely NEED those meatballs again! :)Excellent burgers the are cooked then placed inside of pizza dough and baked; never seen anything like it. Nice place. Friendly waitress.The mixed reviews here are surprising but I guess you're talking Philly so there's a lot to consider there....
I've dined here twice and enjoyed it both times. The meat/cheese/olive plate is adequate. Had several different pizzas all great. Rice balls blew me away, which j was not expecting. Sangria is delicious. In terms of service in a small dining situation everyone was friendly and in a large dining situation they easily accommodated a large bachelorette party somewhat last minute and dealt with some of the shenanigans associated gracefully. I would not hesitate to return.Very good experience.  Sat at the bar and enjoyed some wine and tortellini.  Bartender was great, food was very good, for a limited wine menu there were still some nice choices.  Would definitely recommend.We were disappointed with dinner at Barra Rossa. The Panzenella salad was okay, but my filet mignon entree was not worth the $30 price tag; I ordered it medium to medium well, but got a very charred piece of meat. My husband's salmon was edible, but not very fresh or tasty. My cappuccino was lukewarm and topped with "steamed' milk that was actually cool. The desserts in their selection (small dessert cups of various concoctions) all looked exactly alike except for their color. We shared the chocolate hazelnut one, which tasted fine but was nothing special. To top it all off, while I wasn't looking the waitress whisked away a glass of wine which I hadn't yet finished drinking. Don't think we'll be back.Stopped in here for lunch prior to seeing an afternoon show at the Walnut Street Theater. We had reservations, but it was certainly not needed as it was not at all crowded on this particular Saturday afternoon. We had the option of brunch or lunch and we went with lunch. My wife had one of their gluten-free pizzas while I went with one of their 4-cheese pasta dishes. I enjoyed my pasta dish while my wife thought her pizza was just OK. I didn't particular care for her pizza, but it could have been because it was a GF pizza. A nice place inside and service was pretty good. For dessert, I got a couple of their dessert shooters which were pretty good. I do wish they gave you some complimentary bread or something with your meal. If you are a Walnut Street Theater subscriber, you do get a 10% discount. Would certainly come back and try some of their other pasta dishes.Tasty food, great drink menu, incredibly affordable, really funky atmosphere... but holy crap, our server was terrible. She  immediately asked for our food order, and stood there staring at us when we mentioned we'd need some more time. She repeatedly informed us of discounts we weren't eligible for (that we weren't aware of in the first place), and after our food came out, she disappeared. Completely. For over an hour. She finally brought our check, and then disappeared for another half hour or so. It wasn't until we threw down some cash and stood up to leave that she ran over and said something about "being right with us." Uhhh... sure.
The food was great but I'd be hesitant to come back until they step up their staff training, especially after reading similar reviews.It seems that gourmet pizza is available on every street corner these days, which should be a good thing...but kust like everything else in life, just because its everywhere, doesnt mean the quality is all the same, or its all worth having.
The 1/2 price pizzas at happy hour is yempting, and the combinations look great.  The procidonna (zucchini, eggplant, pepperoni) looked delish, the veggies were perfectly roasted and seasoned, the sauce fresh and bright, but the crust tasted like sawdust...as if they ran out of salt and used generic our for the dough (does any real pizza place still use anything other than Caputo 00?).
The calamari was the best dish we had, with a peppery-spicey red sauce for dipping.  A large enough portion to share with 3-4 people as an app, and a nice crispy breaded exterior with a moist and springy but not rubbery interior.
The cheese plate was the biggest disappointment.  Loaded on a plate with iver toasted baguettes and a sode of honey and some type of fruit paste, ive had a better sampling of cheeses at the supermarkets free deli tray.  Seriously, just take this off the menu because there was nothing about this dish done right (portion size, selection, variety, pairing, condiments, even the roasted peppers and garlic on the plate all combined to make this dish even worse).
Wine selection is a little thin, but they're happy to offer you taste's ofoat of whats on the menu...with that said , there's no excuse
For serving everything (including the prosecco) in a small rocks type glass.  How do you have an entire page of wines by the glass and serve everything in a small water glass!
Service was friendly buy disorganized (came back to the table 3x's for the wine order, final time still brought an italian prosecco instead if the spanish rose cava ordered).My wife and I came here with some of her coworkers a week or two after they opened. We had a fantastic experience. The bartender Steve was so friendly and easy going. We asked him if they had a happy hour menu. They didn't at the time but the next time we came in they did. The happy hour menu is unbeatable! $3 beers, $4 wines, $5 special drinks, $5 pizzas! 
We eat here often and do happy hour every Monday. The atmosphere and service is great. Their full menu is full of delicious Italian food. I've had many things on the menu and haven't found a thing I dislike. 
I highly recommend Stella Rossa Ristorante!For a night at the Walnut Theatre, we had dinner here first. Parking beside the restaurant. This place has good gluten free pasta and pizza. Good tasting cocktails. Pleasant staff. 
Would like to recommend the tomato mozzarella appetizer for a starter.Something changed here. The quality has gone way down and my favorite entree is gone. The arancini are now tiny and flavorless. My husband's chicken parmigiana was a child's portion. He described it as nothing special.  
We are so disappointed because we used to enjoy eating here before WST shows. Next time we'll try a different restaurant.I thought the pizza was reasonably good, but I was unhappy with the final check: $100 (including tip) for two pizzas, an appetizer and three drinks (i.e. a glass of cheap rose' for $11, a two glasses of house cork-taint Cabernet for $9 each). Absurd for a place like this. I wonder what happens if one orders a steak....Finally got to try this place down the street from me for center city sips. The drinks were incredibly tasty and strong. Service was great and although we didn't get to try the food this time, it looked fantastic and not too overpriced. Atmosphere was pretty unique and lovely. Thoroughly enjoyed being here. I'll write an updated review once we try the food!This spot is underrated in philly. The margarita pizza I have had there is absolutely fantastic. Thin crust (which is yum yum for me) and big mozz chunks. Their pizza is excellent. If they kept their $5 a medium pie happy hour special I'd likely be there most Thursday's. Unfortunately they changed it where that isn't the case. The other food was average but tasty. The calamari was freshly fried with a great garlic aioli. The mussels had an excellent broth that slowly brought a spicy side that I loved. The staff was mediocre and the drinks were more half shot of rum and 2 glasses of coke (in a red solo cup size drink). For the price, it's not an every week spot but something worth a check outMy boyfriend and I went and had an amazing experience! Our waitress was very friendly and explained the menu clearly. The atmosphere was great, and our food was delicious! I had the chicken parm and fettuccine Alfredo. it was amazing! We will definitely be back!I happened to be in Philly with my Mom for her Doctors Appointment and I noticed Barra Rossa on the way to her appointment.  It just so happened that by the time we finished the appointment it was dinner time and my Mom and I when to Barra Rossa.  We got a set right a way, the atmosphere was great and the decor  was inviting.  Our server Jenna was a complete gem, she was attentive and patient.  We both tried their meta e meta, which is half Pizza and half Stromboli.  I know you are saying, "what", yes that is what I am saying.  1/2 Pizza and 1/2 Stromboli,  My Mom had the standard Meta while I ordered a Suprasata and Pepperoni Meta.  The great think about Barra Rossa is everything is made fresh so you can customize you order.  The Meta was great and stood up to its expectation.
In fact, it was so good I ordered one to go for my wife and she had the pepperoni order.  She loved it too.  I would very highly recommend this restaurant. And hopefully Jenna will be your server.For a night at the Walnut Theatre, we had dinner here first. Parking beside the restaurant. This place has good gluten free pasta and pizza. Good tasting cocktails. Pleasant staff.We wanted to go to lolita but couldn't find parking and were very hungry. This place seems fun and we found parking right outside so we had lunch here. 
The overall decor and ambience is good. We are vegetarians and they have good options in menu for vegetarians. 
But we were disappointed when our food was served.  The salad was too tangy with no flavor and no crispness. It didn't feel fresh.  
We had ordered penne with marinara for Kids and the pasta was overdone and sauce was too runny! 
We were not served bead basket unless we asked for it (a given at most Italian places). And our pasta was Ok too. Not packed with flavor. All in all not worth the $$$ they charge.  Service was ho hum too.Went there for one of friends Bday. Think they booked this place because she was on gluten free diet and needed private space for the event. 
Wasn't completely private but they did have sort of separated group dining space. 
Ambiance reminded me modern cafeteria and wasn't impressed. 
We were waited to be seated a bit so I had glimpsed on others pasta dishes and quickly made up my mind to order something safe. I got cheese platter. It's gonna be safe bet c
The platter was HUGE. They gave me so much cheese and that was very generous. Sadly my cheese was not good. Some of them I did not taste any flavor. Kind of rubbery texture when you chew on not so good quality  of cheese. No one really enjoyed it.. Boo.Disappointing... The atmosphere was nice but our service was slow. We (three of us) started off with a bottle of Pellegrino and after we ordered our food some bread (made in the pizza oven) was delivered hot. It was decent... we had been walking around all day and were pretty hungry so the five small pieces did not last long. We were offered a second basket that never came...
We ordered two salads as a starter... a large Caesar Salad and a Pear Endive Salad. The Caesar salad was meh... no shaved Parmesan and little anchovy taste. The pear endive salad was tasty but only had 6 small slices of pear on a large bed of greens with some bleu cheese and candied walnuts. Most of the time you were eating greens with no cheese, walnuts or pear...
The entrees we ordered were the Margherita pizza, Penne Pinoli, and Chicken Piccata. The pizza was good but a little on the sparse side as far as the Margherita toppings went, the Penne Pinoli was good, but the Chicken Piccata was a joke...
Usually when you order something with 'chicken' in the title you expect some chicken in the dish. O_o
The chicken piccata plate had a small piece of chicken about the size of a half of a deck of cards and another tiny piece which was cut from probably another smaller chicken breast. It was served on top of vermicelli with plenty of mushrooms but not many capers. When the dish arrived I asked the waitress about it to see if this was typical of the dish... she seemed to not really know so I asked for a manager.
The manager came over and said (after I asked about the portion of chicken) "that she thought they gave me extra chicken and she could take the cut (smaller) piece back if I wanted her to do so"... I almost laughed out loud! Seriously? You want to take away the chicken when I'm questioning the small amount of chicken in a dish called "Chicken Piccata" where the chicken is usually featured? Ridiculous...
I'd recommend the 1/2 Caraffe of house red wine... it made the ridiculousness of the manager seem less idiotic. 
We skipped dessert and stopped at a local bakery on the way back to our hotel instead. You may have better results if you stick to the pizza or aren't that hungry.
**UPDATE**
--------------
After Melissa had replied to my review I was contacted by the general manager, Nick Longobardi, about our dinner at the restaurant. Nick was very concerned and was extremely apologetic that our dinner experience was less than stellar at Barra Rossa. I really appreciated Nick's genuine concern that we didn't have the best meal experience the restaurant could have offered us, and after speaking with him I sincerely felt that our experience was not typical of the restaurant. We will definitely give Barra Rossa another try the next time we visit Philly.Came here last night after a show. Our server was Rachel I think, super friendly and was a wonderful waitress! Really quick and really nice. The kitchen was only open for another 15 minutes when we got there, so she made sure she got our orders in, in enough time but without rushing us. I had the gnocchi bolognese, which was delicious! My brother had the four cheese pizza, which looked really good. Really cool atmosphere and pretty well priced!Just ok for the price, basic Italian food that didn't taste any better than I could make at home. 
I ordered the meat and cheese plate and it was decent, nothing amazing for sure. Then the pear salad was underwhelming as well. 
Boys ordered Tortellini with Alfredo and peas and the baked ziti. Again, nothing special. 
On to the desserts...the waitress brought out this little tray of pretty pre-made mini-mouse cup desserts to choose from and we each picked one (Tiramasu, Key Lime and cappuccino flavors).  
The key lime was awful, it tasted like sour cream cheese. The others did not get eaten either. Sigh. $98 plus tip!!!We got squeezed into I think the last open table in the place and glad we did. Firstly, it was pouring outside. Secondly, the food was good. We had some apps and then shared a pizza. Everything was very tasty. The service was boiling and quick even with how busy they were. I wouldn't hesitate to eat here again, even if it's not raining outside. :)Great meal, great service! Perfect lunch or dinner spot prior to seeing a show at The Walnut Street Theatre. The antipasta plater, gluten free pizza and squash soup were all fabulous! The martinis are also a hit!Ordered a Margherita Pizza to go with mushrooms, onions and garlic.  Got it home - NO FRESH BASIL!!!!!  Seriously ???  It was awful.  The pizza was terrible. Never againWe've been to this restaurant several times. It's our Go To place for dinner before a show at the WST. Fare is delicious with enough variety to suit any palate. Service is always great and timely. For this Goldilocks it's just the right fit.This is an unusual Italian eatery with casually elegant ambience and a diverse menu. Upstairs and main floor tables. A bit on the noisy side. Service was efficient and the food tasty. We shared multiple appetizers with our cocktails. Entrees we're good size but not overly large. Good value for a city restaurant.Great food! Great atmosphere! The waitress Devon was awesome! They also have State Side Vodka!Excellent food within walking distance of the Walnut Street Theater...service was great,would have given a 5,but was a little underwhelmed by the "empty " vibe of the upstairs seating.Barra Rosa has a cozy atmosphere and two floors of dining.  I enjoy the gluten free pizza variety they have as well as some of the other dishes.  I mostly get take out from Barra since it seems the take out prices are much less than the sit-in pizza prices.  The staff is always friendly!3.5! I stopped by for lunch one day for a pizza to go and it was delicious. Nice crunchy crust. Perfect toppings and cheese ratio. The prices are a lil pricey, but this is a fancy pizza place so I would expect that.
I also got an illy latte which was great.
The staff there is very friendly and my food came out quickly.
I would come back to try dinner.Came for my cousins graduation with a large party.  It was nice of them to accommodate such a large group, I think there was 14 of us and a baby. 
They sat us upstairs and unfortunately upstairs isn't wheelchair or baby stroller accessible so we just had to carry the stroller upstairs.  
The decor was really cute inside I loved the way it looked but everything else was just meh.
Starting with the host, or the manager whoever he is didn't even greet us at the door so I'm just smiling at random people hoping that someone would be like Hi how many or something. Like a minute later just standing in the small front of the restaurant people are walking past us and the host was like do you need help? WTH.
So we finally sat upstairs and they gave us a prefixed menu that didn't leave much choice, either a regular salad, a caprese salad (with totally old flavorless cheese, and a choice of chicken, eggplant, or salmon.  I ended up getting the eggplant, but you can't go wrong with breaded and fried anything.  Although I wish I got the salmon it looked delicious.  And the chicken was bland and dry, nothing to brag about.
The service was good, we had this wonderful super friendly waitress who was just kind and I'm sure it was a hassle already for her to deal with so many of us. 
We also ordered from their regular menu too and ordered fried calamari.  It's a scam though they threw in some fried jalapeno rings that looked like calamari to fill up the plate.  The charcuterie sampler was delicious at least.
Dessert was awful, we had some little mousse oreo sampling and a nutella one, and they also left us some crappy cannoli's (being from NY no cannoli can compare).I took one of my clients here for a late lunch and business discussion. The food was very good. I had a gluten-free mushroom pizza. Typically, GF pizza options fall apart or have zero flavor. I was impressed by the texture and taste of the dough. I would definitely order again. The service was not as great. I felt rushed by our server, as she inquired twice if we were ready for the check. The restaurant was not packed, so there was really no reason. My client felt slightly uncomfortable as our server kept walking by cleaning other tables, giving us the stare-down. I would hope that next time the quality of service matches the food.Went there last night before the Walnut Street Theatre with 4 other family members and really had a great experience. I had the Eggplant Parm which was very good, and everyone else at the table enjoyed their meals as well. I thought the service was very good also, and would definitely recommend this place as a strong choice for pre theatre dining.Better half loved this place, i felt there was something lacking in flavor and seemed more slapped together than crafted, but i'm a snob when it comes to pizza.  Super crowded but great service even on a super busy night.  Great ambiance, seems like it could be very romantic, but it's pretty loud and crowded.Great wine selection!!  Brought the family here over the holiday break. Had The minestrone soup, Pear and Bleu pizza and calamari. All excellent and would recommend. Great servers. Very friendly and attentive.I went tonight with a friend. The place looks great, and I love the design. The food was fine but wasn't extraordinary. I had spaghetti and meatballs; the gravy was slightly watery, and I prefer my gravy hearty. I ordered a blood orange mojito that wasn't quite on point; I should have stuck with wine. And I felt the service was uneven. The waiter was pleasant and friendly, but he noticeably lacked a sense of time management, which seems like Food Service 101. He was tremendously slow to get our drinks and our orders, way too fast with executing the meal, and then way too slow with administering our bill. I suppose it was commiserate with my expectations for a relatively young restaurant in a city that's saturated with Italian joints. I'm sure the server and the food will improve over time. But for now, it was just "meh."Dined here for lunch with a group of coworkers. We sat in the upstairs section and we really liked the exposed brick Decor and modern feel. We ordered apps to split: mozzarella with tomato antipasto, crab and portabella and calamari. The apps were excellent, fresh and delicious, the crab and portabella got a little salty towards the end. Our entrées were grilled shrimp salads, grilled veggie sandwich, a crab and pasta in a creamy pink sauce, chicken parm sandwich with Parmesan truffle fries, and something else that I can't remember. All of the food was beautifully presented. The pasta and the chicken parm dishes were very good. The fries were a standout. Perfectly crispy and seasoned just right. Although the shrimp in the grilled shrimp salads were cooked perfectly, the salads were quite disappointing because both the dressing and the shrimp themselves were overly salty. My colleague said her grilled veggie sandwich was just okay. Service was pretty good. Our servers were attentive, timely and pleasant.Very good food and service.  However, there was draft coming in from the outside and made my girlfriend so cold that she was forced to keep her coat on all night. Two tables around us asked to be relocated because of the temperature. 
Don't let this deter you from this place; the pasta and margarita pizza were better than some places in the city. The servers were on top of everything and refilled our waters and drinks as soon as we were done them. I'd recommend it anyone.Great place to go for a quick meal before a show at The Walnut. Friendly staff and great service. Kids menu (pizza) is also a great value.This place was really good. We went before a show and did not have any huge expectations. We had the spaghetti and meatballs and the chic park. They were both delicious! For dessert we had the tiramisu which was really good. My wife doesn't even like tiramisu and she liked this one. Would definitely recommend this place and will be sure to go there again in the near future.High-quality, delicious and great service for delivery Jim is awesome best cheese platter came with free awesome dessertVery delicious Italian restaurant in center city. Went there for the first time last night and had a great experience. We had reservations - which I would advise doing if going for a weekend dinner. 
As for the food everything was great. I ordered the Pucillo pizza ($15): Tomato Sauce, Smoked Mozzarella, Prosciutto, Fresh Arugula. I really enjoyed it. Great flavors. There were a couple specials ordered - stuffed shells, chicken Marsala. All looked great and everyone was satisfied. Service was also great. Draft list was a little limited though. Eat it!The atmosphere was the best thing about this place.  They have outdoor seating and an open window atmosphere when the weather is nice.  We ended up sitting upstairs which had a little more upscale decor from the downstairs.  I went with three other people, so we ordered appetizers, cheese, olives and a caprese salad.  The cheese and olives were delicious, but the tomatoes in the caprese weren't ripe.  Two of the guys I was with ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and the other a pizza margherita.  I had the Penne Pinoli which had really good flavor.  The penne wasn't great...it was just plain old dried pasta (I thought it would be fresh).  The same with the spaghetti....but I guess that's what you get when you only pay $14 for a dish.  The pizza crust could have been cooked longer so the bottom browned more.  I would return to this place only to sit outside for drinks.Mediocre food and mediocre service. I was there for late night happy hour which was half off appetizers. I tried the calamari, the antipasto and the arancini. Although all were good, it was nothing to brag about. We also ordered a cheese board to split (5 types of cheeses for $14 dollars). The cheese board was huge but overall disappointing. Plus, we were not told which cheese was which by our server. The happy hour mixed drinks were basically all soda. Cool atmosphere but overall disapointed.I went with my friend for casual dinner couple Fridays ago and it was awesome. 
the service is spectacular!! they modify the menu for us, was very attentive and overall really really nice. 
The food was good. nothing fancy, and for the price, very satisfying. the drinks were great and also the dessert.
I'll def. go again!Took my daughter and her friend here for dinner before a show at walnut st theater. We had no reservations and there was an hour wait. The maitre d helped with accommodations by seating us right away at the upstairs bar. He asked if we were seeing a show, & said he'd send a waitresses over right away. Our waitress was very attentive and very helpful. We didn't feel rushed and our food came out in a very timely fashion. We had the cheese sampler which was very good. Salads the Chop and the beets & Goat cheese were very tasty and the proportions were a nice size. For dinner my daughter & friend enjoyed the Margarita Pizza cooked to perfection. I had the special scallops and shrimp linguine with sun-dried tomatoes in a vodka sauce. Originally served with a spicy sauce but was very easily substituted with the vodka sauce. I had enough left over for a second meal. We also had coffee and chocolate mousse for dessert. All this and still had 15 minutes before curtain time. 
Thank you so much Barra Rossa for the great dinner (props to the chef), excellent service (all around) and for having us out in time for Sister Act!  we'll definitely be backThe atmosphere and service were great, as was most of the food! Appetizers tasted delicious hot but the mozzarella fritte basically turned into fancy cheese sticks when cooled down. Arancini was fantastic. I had the gnocchi con bolognese which was delicious and very filling, but my mom's plate (the penne pinoli) was very light and much more suited to be a lunch than a dinner as it was little more than pasta in a butter sauce. Tasted great but not that filling or interesting.
We got the Jasmine Martini and the Jefferson lemonade and I would recommend both!Went here after trying to go to Zavino, which had a  2 1/2 hour wait. We didn't have a reservation and were told it would be a few minutes but were seated at a booth upstairs within 2 minutes of arriving. For appetizers, my boyfriend and I shared the mozzarella and tomato antipasto and I had the beet salad. Both were excellent. They get all of their meats and cheeses from DiBrunos. The antipasto was huge and authentic. The highlight of the antipasto was the garlic flatbread! The salad was fresh, crisp, and perfectly dressed. The goat cheese in it was perfect; it didn't have that funny after taste that is sometimes noticeable with lower quality goat cheese. For our entree, we ordered the Gaetano and Fiachetto pizzas. The Gaetano (sausage, broccoli rabe, roasted garlic) was delicious and very flavorful. The broccoli rabe was spot on and had just the right amount of bitterness, I didn't feel like I was eating spinach! The Fiachetto pizza (olives, tomatoes, artichokes, mozzarella, topped with prosciutto), we didn't care for. Everything on it obviously came straight from a can/jar. I saw in previous reviews people complained about service, but I beg to differ: our service noticed we didn't really eat the Fiachetto, asked if anything was wrong with it, and when we told him we just didn't really care for the flavor, he took it off our bill! Other points on the service: drinks were a little slow, my boyfriend got his second beer as we were finishing our meal despite having ordered it well before then. Overall, a decent experience. I agree with the other reviews about the pizza being slightly underdone, especially on the bottom which was surprising because their bread is delicious! I think I would return for the items we ordered but don't know about venturing beyond that.ICK.  Not sure why there are such high ratings.  At best this place is a 2.5.  I agreed to come here based on the decent yelp reviews but YELP FAILED me!!
Service 2 stars: probably worst service I've had in a long time
Food 3 stars at best
I came here on a Saturday evening with a party of 4.  We had reservations at 6:45 yet were left standing about 20 minutes until we got seated.  We were offered 4 consecutive seats at a bar initially - thanks for the sentiment, but no thank you ... we have a reservation for an actual table...?
We were finally seated on the 2nd floor - we were able to scope out the dining scene in the whole restaurant during the walk up.  There were a bunch of empty tables .... so I was left wondering, why did we have to wait so long again?
The service - our Stanley Tucci lookalike was the WORST SERVER.  Maybe he was off his game but he mentioned bringing us bread about 4 times before we actually got any.  It took an extraordinary amount of time to get simple beverages.  My friend ordered the Cello of the day- he came back about 10 minutes later saying he had to wait from the bartender to see if they still had that flavor.  Isn't it simply a "Yes we have it" or "No we don't" when it is ordered? 
When we finally got our bread the accompanying dipping oil arrived when half the bread was gone - Thanks we didn't know it came with it.....    We felt like an afterthought.  There was a party of about 10 seated next to us who was on their second helping of bread before we even got our one and only basket.
Lets move on to appetizers- I got the Arancini Balls and our friend ordered the Calamari.  WORST ARANCINI BALLS EVER.  They were lukewarm, not cheesy, and pretty sure the frozen ones from Trader Joes would school the heck out of what we were served.  My friend ordered the Calamari  - which interestingly enough was served with fried peppers that were cut and cooked to look just like the calamari - Maybe Stella Rossa thinks this is a genius idea but it's actually really annoying not knowing if you're about to bite into a calamari or a pepper.  Rethink this one.  PLEASE.
We finally get our entrees - salumi pizza, chicken parmagiana, gnocchi bolognese, and the pasta with lump crab.   The pizza - it had potential but was undercooked- the crust was soggy from the get go.  Who wants to eat fresh soggy pizza from a place that is supposed to have good pizza? Nobody.  My gnocchi bolognese was more of a ragu - with shredded meat.  If i had known I was going to get shredded meat I would have ordered something else.  The gnocchi itself was good.  I didn't taste the chicken parm or the pasta with lump crab but it did not look all too impressive (I think Olive Garden has got this place beat).
Lets go back to Stanley Tucci lookalike server who starts grating cheese onto my friend's entree and ends up dropping the ENTIRE handheld block into his chicken parm.  He said sorry..... offered to bring some club soda (to soak the stains on my friend's shirt)... but didn't offer to bring a NEW entree that hasn't been contaminated by the handheld (by how many hands who knows) cheese?  GROSS.   Add to that at least 3 additional times when asking if we want additional cocktails or coffee the server would keep joking about how he wouldn't drop cheese on it.  NOT FUNNY.   He could have redeemed  himself a little by offering something up for free- maybe some free coffee or free dessert but he didn't even offer us dessert while we saw him showing off a tray of goodies to the party next to us. 
I wish I could take this evening back and have gone somewhere else to spend my money and appetite.  I made a special trip to Philadelphia and this was a horrendous dinner.  I will NEVER go back here.  Pick some place else - you won't be sorry as there are much better dining options around.Decided to pop in late on a Thursday for "Jeff night."  I was pretty disappointed when I first found out that the $5 pizza had been taken off the happy hour and replaced with half off appetizers, but quickly changed my mind when the orders came to the table.   Being from New England I'm naturally a seafood snob, but the perfectly fried calamari made me forget I ever wanted a pizza.  Since apps were half off I also sprung for the mussels which were marinating in a broth that could rival Monks.  
Downsides consisted of there not being a wait staff... we had to crawl over each other and walk to the bar every time we needed to order a drink or another app.   One of my friends ordered Minestrone off the appetizer menu but apparently it wasn't half off even though we were told all appetizers were 50% off (she did comment on the excellent vegetable to soup to pasta ratio).  
I plan to return for a quick drink and app on a random Thursday night, but wouldn't rush back for any other occasion.We went here before a show at the Forrest Theater (bonus: 10% off your bill if you show them your tickets!).
For appetizers, we ordered the assorted olives and fried mozzarella.  I will never find a reason to complain about a bowl of olives, and it was a nice assortment.  The breading on the fried mozzarella kind of tasted like ham, which was strange, but not enough to deter my husband.  The rolls were nice and warm and soft, with a great seasoning blend on top.
For a main course, I had the capellini pomodoro.  It came out with cheese sprinkled on it, when the menu said nothing about cheese.  Our server said that they sprinkle cheese on everything, whether the menu says it or not, so make sure you speak up if you have issues with dairy!  Otherwise it had a nice flavour, although the dime sized slices of garlic weren't very appealing, and I picked around them (you're welcome, dear).
My husband had the gnocchi bolognese.  The chunks of beef were a nice alternative to ground meat, and they were very tender... however he said that the sauce tasted more like beef gravy than anything with tomatoes in it.  The gnocchi definitely weren't made in house, but they weren't awful.
On a random note, the water glasses were very small.  I guess they're trying to encourage you to buy a drink, but I expected a bigger glass to come when I said I only wanted water.  Our server was constantly coming by with a pitcher to refill.  It was good that my glass was never empty for long, but it seems like his time could have been used for something else.
Overall, it was ok.  I wouldn't rule out a return trip, but it's definitely not my new favourite Italian restaurant.I had never been here before but I made a reservations here for lunch (party of 7) with clients based on the diversity of options on the menu, affordability and proximity to the Philadelphia convention center (where we were attending a conference).  Barra Rosa did not disappoint!
We were seated in the upstairs area, which was very quiet (compared to the downstairs area, which was crowded) so it was perfect for business discussions.  According to my clients, the pizzas and sandwiches were great, and the portion sizes ample for the price.
The service was fantastic.  It was prompt and attentive, and we didn't feel rushed.  I will definitely come back here again.So 2nd time here...food is not bad although ive had better pizza...now heres the problem...
Server obviously, lets say, hmmm, not unstoned...but thats not even the problem as thats pretty much the nature of the industry
The problems are....
Never correct a guest when pronunciating menu items...caprese is usually pronounced 2 ways...long e or short e
Ordering what is listed as a bottle of wine should be just that...not here...here u order higher priced wine and then are told it comes out in 2 caraffes...then when u get the carraffe its actually a half carraffe and u honestly dont know what ur drinking
Then when customer brings to ur attention dont justify by offering something free just ensure to give customer what they ordered.
On a plus side tge chicken maxima is deliscious the crabs and linguini awesome...not saying i wouldnt recommend...just be carefulFew things are less appetizing than watching mice run across the floor as you enjoy your drink and pizza.  Sure, the food was delicious (mushroom pizza was superb) and the drinks were great--but there were MICE running across the dining room floor.  Brazenly.  Can't imagine what was in the kitchen.
When we pointed it out to the waitress she was like "oh yeah.  We have those."  Didn't even pretend to be surprised.  She did comp us some drinks.  But it's appalling.  Stay away.First time here was amazing! The waitress was attentive and the food came very fast. My girlfriend and I ordered the chicken parmesian and the crab and linguini Rossa. Both were delicious and very filling! We each had some leftovers to take home. Great service and decor (the upper level of the restaurant is beautiful) makes this a five star review.Great place! Very good food and a very nice atmosphere! Waitress was very friendly and helpful too! Would definitely recommend!Our experience here was extremely disappointing. We had made a reservation more than a week in advance to celebrate an older family member's birthday - we were seated upstairs (despite our requests to avoid the stairs) and still were made to wait over 30 minutes at the bar for our table.
Our server was incredibly disrespectful. When we told him our reason for dining that evening, his response was to look at the guest of honor and say, "Well, happy freaking birthday." When we asked him a question about a dish, he was extraordinarily condescending, and behaved as if we were stupid to even consider asking. After that encounter, he seemed to be avoiding our table at all costs - I waited an extra 10-15 minutes just to see a gluten-free menu, and we had to ask to be served glasses of tap water. He forgot more than one drink order, and more than once had to be tracked down by the bartender or another server. When it became clear that he was not in the weeds, but rather willfully inattentive, members of our party got up scavenge extra napkins and plates for the appetizers from other empty tables nearby.
We waited at least 45 minutes for our entrees, so I was expecting something really spectacular. What we got was so disappointing, and not worth the wait at all. I ordered the Crab Rossa - the pasta was disgustingly over-cooked and there was no trace of crab anywhere in that dish. Other dishes were equally lackluster - requests for accommodations (no peppers, please) were blatantly ignored. Despite knowing it was a birthday celebration, the waiter never offered any kind of special action - no candles in a dessert, no special drink, nothing. 
I'd heard really great things about Stella Rossa, and I was really excited to go, but this experience was so disappointing I don't think we'll ever be back.By far my favorite place to eat in town. My wife and I stopped by last night and like each experience, this was great. We have yet to have a poor experience here. Our waiter was very nice and attentive and the food was hot. It was a very nice night out for us and I would recommend stopping by.Disappointed!!! No bread sticks or Italian bread. We got pizza flat bread! WTH! Loved our waitress, she was honest and busy. I tried the "Philly rest. week" menu. I had the scallops w/bacon- to dry. Jumbo shrimp
linguine-better next day, all the flavors melded better. Raspberry Chocolate cake. Very Rich. Best tasting thing this night. Bourbon Smash, tasty but not for $8.Excellent value, excellent service, pretty great food! I went here for a Friday night date with my siblings and our partners, a group of seven. We were seated at the 2nd floor dining room, which provided such a a chic, comfortable, homey rustic feel, it complimented the rustic italian food they serve. We started with their cheese plate. We continued with 2 pizzas and 5 entrees with some wine and beer. Serving size of each entree was perfect and that night they had a pork chop special that was absolutely delicious. Our pork chop was a tad bit over the medium temperature we ordered but it was too good that I had no need to complain about it. There was also a free meatball when you check in at yelp and the chef was nice enough to give us extras since we were a big group. Thank you btw! 
Our server Lisa was very pleasant and knew the menu both for food and drinks very well, something a newbie in any restaurant can appreciate. Overall I would absolutely recommend this place, specially for a big group, for what we ordered, which was plenty we only shelled out $38 each. 
Tips: pizza order is good for two people;  cheese plate is good to share for 2-3 and order the pitcher of sangria for $20!This was really bad. They rushed us in and out in 45 minutes and sat us upstairs with not one other party. The penne alla vodka was so bland. Felt like the Italian version of chilis.Amazing food! Pizza is mind blowing and fresh. Chicken parm comes with a side of Alfredo pasta mmmmm. All 4 of us cleaned our plates! Great service all around. high recommended for lunch and dinner! (definitely make a reservation for dinner)Just "OK". Food was average. Service, average. Overall just a mediocre dinner at an expensive price. Many, many better options in Philly. Would not waste a night here.I have celiac disease and ate here, it is safe and wonderful! I got the fru fru GF pizza and French fries, and didn't get sick .We've come here for dinner and have also ordered takeout! Everything was really good and I LOVE that they have a separate, gluten-free menu! (The gluten-free pizza is great!!)  Also the pricing is very reasonable.
The service was OK...just teach your servers to be a little more attentive and to listen better to orders/any specifications for food allergies!My sweetheart wanted pasta, and we were in the neighborhood, so we stopped in.  I didn't expect much, as the waiter said they were known for their pizza.  I had spaghetti and meatballs and my sweetheart had chicken served with linguine alfredo.  Both dishes were surprisingly good!  We have eaten at far more expensive Italian restaurants in Philly and enjoyed the food much less....we will go back.  Very good waiter, too.Severely underrated. I housed a chicken parm sandwich on my lunch break today (came out super fresh & hot) and continued to drink with the off duty pastry chef and the bartender, Dan, was as attentive and fun as they come. I love that Stella is so close to my office that when I have a particularly slow week or the boss is out for the week, I can indulge in a bit of liquid lunch. Great menu & variety, They were changing out their menu as I was there so they didn't have the prosecco I was wanting, but more than made up for it with delicious custom concoctions. Went alone to have a relaxing lunch at the bar and ended up makin 2 new friends. Great all around!Oh barra you tried really hard but fell short. 3 stars because of the place it's self. Really liked the atmosphere and our waitress was awesome. I forget her name unfortunately but she was great. 
Did restaurant week to see if we could find a new spot to enjoy but we didn't.
Appetizer- Arancini was extremely mushy inside, clams casino were okay mostly filler, calamari was tasty I have to say.
Cold appetizer- prosciutto was old could tell from it being a hard slice of prosciutto probably a couple days old. Vegi came out of a jar and the pepper had zero seasoning
Pizza- had a shrimp far diavola (which means spicy) when it came out it look really good, cooked properly. But it wasn't spicy at all and the bottom was literally white like it was still raw.
I had a filet with asparagus and rice. Filet was cooked perfectly but was bland as all hell. Rice was super undercooked felt like I was eating crackers.
My date had the chicken rollotini which was also bland and dried out. But she had mash potatoes which were really good. 
Dessert was sub par nothing really to remember. 
Side note: im pretty sure a fight broke out in the kitchen amongst the staff which was really noticeable and unproffessional.
Overall 2.5 rounded to 3, but we won't be going back.Came here last night for a quick bite. Literally. They had quick service! I loved the romantic lighting here. Large sized bar was available. What I ate: calamari appetizer, beet salad with goat cheese. They were both superb. Calamari had a very light and crisp batter; gave it a very fresh taste. Salad had just the right drizzle of lemony vinaigrette. Husband had the margarita pizza; which had 8 slices and seemed more like a personal pie to him. Overall cost for two people: $35.00-$40.00. Not bad in my opinion! Check it out!Looked like a nice place and my parents and I were looking for someone in the vicinity of where we parked. We ordered the Margherita Pizza and my father and I ordered the Chicken Parm hoagie with french fries. Food was very tasty, especially the sauce! The pizza was also cooked in a wood fire oven, YES! I would go back!!Limited menu. Overpriced for the quality and the variety. One of the waitresses was rushing us and just recommending the first item on the menu to get us to order so she can move the next table although the place was not crowded. We ordered what she recommended and was terrible. We left half of the food and we didn't even want to take it with us. Would never come back.Superior Customer Service.  Good Food.  Good Atmosphere.  Got cheese and meet platter, and personal pizza.  Delicious.  Caprese salad was good.Service, food and drinks were amazing. Six ladies from Texas in Philly shared 6 different plates. The gluten free pizza was delicious!!  Great experience!!  Thank you!!Some friends and I stopped in last night to get some dinner. This place is truly a hidden gem! I've been here for brunch but wanted to try it for dinner. We shared the calamari, which was a little bit more banana peppers than calamari. Still, it was a pretty tasty dish. For our entrees we had spaghetti and meatballs, penne vodka and the tortellini. The tortellini was amazing! I'm still dreaming about it. 
The service was attentive and the atmosphere was very laid back and comfortable. I will definitely be returning and would recommend to anyone.