It's always busy here so I only took off 1/2 star for the wait and another 1/2 star for it's hectic location,  but it was definitely worth it. I highly recommend the Bologno sandwich with all the fixins. I asked the woman at the counter to make me a good juice and she came back with one of the best juices I've ever had and somehow it had beets and celery in it, so good!Their soy "chicken" salad is the best I've ever had.  On a long roll with all the fixins is the the way to do it up.  It might be time for a trip to Reading Terminal Market soon. . .Alright so if you can stand all the tourists aimlessly wandering about Reading Terminal Market and the lingering oder of seafood Basic 4 is REALLY good, well at least the veggie chicken salad hoagie is. That's the only thing I have ever eaten there and the only thing everyone I know gets as well. Trust me there's little that can top it. It's about 6 dollars and the size of a Subway foot-long. No matter what time it is your probably going to be hard pressed to find a seat in the "term" so your best bet is to go there with someone and take it outside for a nice picnic. Keeping all the goods in the hoagie is kind of a science but worth eating there over and over until you it right. We usually hit up the place next to B-4 to get a HUGE order of fries for 2 bucks and split them up between everyone.this place looks kind of run down & tired, but the vegan philly cheesesteak was out of this world amazing!!!!!!!  it is HUGE- enough to split with a friend.The vegan cheesesteak is AMAZING! It's the only thing I've ever had, but I keep getting it because it's so freaking good!!!Since moving to Philadelphia about a year ago, my friends from back home love to ask me about how great Philly cheesesteaks are. Unfortunately for them, I'm a vegetarian. The Vegan Philly Steak at the Basic 4 Vegetarian Cafe is the greatest cheesesteak imitation I have ever sunk my teeth into. The taste and texture is so fabulous, I imagine that herbivores and carnivores alike would enjoy this tasty masterpiece. There have been days when I traveled all the way into center city for no other reason other than to pick up one of these Philly Steaks.
The women behind the counter are always very nice. I do suggest getting something on the menu here that is "made to order." I have never tried any of the foods sitting behind the glass counter window, but they are somewhat lacking in presentation and appear to have been sitting there for quite sometime. Another reason I give this place 4 instead of 5 stars is simply because it is inside Reading Terminal which can have an overwhelming atmosphere on a busy day. But if you come during a slow hour or don't mind packs of shoppers and tourists, then you wont have a problem here.I have to agree with previous reviews.
I've had the cheesesteak twice and the scrambled tofu and fried potatoes for breakfast once. The cheesesteak was really good, but if you add mushrooms, peppers, and cheese it is over $9. I find that a little expensive for what it is, especially considering how much you can get a great falafel for these days.
  Also, the scrambled tofu was way too salty and kind of greasy.
  Basically, this is a reasonable place to eat if you're in a pinch, but I would rather walk to Maoz or a vegan chinese place nearby for lunch. Plus, as mentioned in the past, service is really slow and the lines can get way too long at lunch.Have you ever been on one of those eating binges where you crave the same thing for a long time and eat it all the time until you're sort of over it for a while? Maybe you haven't but I sure go through those phases all the time.Currently during my vegan going lent days I have been craving vegan cheesesteaks.. and I've successfully tried a few new ones.
Sadly the one at Basic 4 is basic.. from all the stellar reviews I was sure it was going to be orgasm in your mouth delicious. It fell short.. 
It lacked flavor, and the bread was pretty hard, not to mention the staples that always just come with a  cheesesteak ( veg or traditional) ( onions, peppers cheese )  not included. This is all well .. The customer service woman will inquire almost immediately if you want those added. She doesn't ever tell you it's at an additional charge, but I do read signs, and one thing that I hate more than a place that asks you if you want 123 added to your order without telling you you have to pay more are places that don't list that on the menu. Basic 4 does, so I'm ok with it. 
Its just the complete lack of flavor. The lack of respect for a persons personal dietary choices as well.. When I asked was the soy cheese vegan she responded " yeah soy cheese, vegan cheese all the same " At that point I decided not to get cheese added to my steak TYVM you moron. 
Add more flavor.. I will however come back and try some of the other dishes, I mean it's hard being a vegg in reading terminal. If you want anything other than produce , so I'll see if there is anything else that can help raise the bar for this place. I would never buy that cheesesteak again either..and THIS PLACE DOESN"T HAVE YELLOW MUSTARD! WTF? !What do you do when you go to Philly?  Have a cheese steak.  What if you're not feeling meat?  Have a vegetarian cheese steak.
This place was completely slammed the day I went to grab lunch.  It's probably slammed everyday.  The only turn off for me was the two people manning the counter were completely unorganized!  I was afraid that they were going to burn or cut themselves or each other, as they ran around the 20 ft by 4 ft area of space like chickens with their heads cut off.
I had to wait what felt like an eternity, and could feel my blood sugar plummeting, but the vegetarian cheese steak was delicious!  And it was large enough to share.  I also ordered the vegetable slaw, which was sweet and tangy.
I would try other aspects of their menu, but it would have to be on a day where I had plenty of time, and normal blood sugar levels so I don't want to eat my arm or steal someone else meal & run.I LOVE vegan cheesesteaks, and I have to say, that after much consideration, I think basic four's is my favorite. It's super greasy and authentic and I crave it daily. It can get pricey with add ons, i get mine with extra soy cheese and sauteed mushrooms and onions and its up at around $10, but it's really big and worth every penny. A lot of vegan steaks skimp on the filling, but Basic Four (and also Mi Lah) pack it in. The sweet potato pie is also vegan and delicious, the croquettes are ok, and the spinach pie is eerily quiche-like. But go for the cheesesteak, seriously, it's so good. 
(sidenote: female/minority owned/operated, 100%vegetarian)The sandwiches were great, I had the vegan meatball sub and also tried a bite of the vegan cheesesteak. The lemonade was amazing and very tart, which I love. Service was slow and disorganized, as many have said, and a few people came back in the time that we were waiting to ask for parts of their orders that had been forgotten. Atmosphere isn't great, and I'd probably go back more often if it was somewhere else, though it's nice to wander the stalls and people watch.The woman who owns Basic-4 is amazing. If she ever has a down moment, and you do too, ask her about the articles and photos on the wall and she'll tell you about how she started making vegi food 20 years ago. She just wants to bring the health to the people! 
I've only eaten there once, as I don't hit Reading Terminal to eat all that often, but I had a half/half sandwhich. One half the carrot "tuna" salad - which doesn't exactly taste like tuna, but somehow comes out right on the consistency end). The other half was a bologna and cheese. Tasty, but I wish I would have tried the checken salad that everyone raves about. I'm sure that when I go back I'll try new things and be able to up the stars on this one.The chicken salad hoagie is a little pricey, but good. If you're not starving, get the whole hoagie anyway and save it for later. I got the small roll once and I was disappointed because they really skimped on the filling. The carrot tuna is good, too. It is nothing like tuna, just a beautiful fluffy cloud of carrot goodness. 
This place gets really busy at lunch hour, so be prepared for a bit of a wait. One time, they lost my order and my sandwich took over a half hour. It was ridiculous. I had to ask for my sandwich three times.Dreamy option for vegetarians, but questionable for vegans.
The food is ok, but it makes me nervous that they don't clearly mark things vegan and non-vegan.  You can certainly ask, but they seem a little "Vegan, vegetarian, yeah, whatever; what would you like?" for my taste.Despite the listing here, Basic 4 is indeed open on Sunday; I just ate there. They serve all vegetarian and some vegan items. The vegan items were marked on the smaller menu by the cash register but not on the bigger menu hanging on the wall above the stand.  I went there twice during a short visit to Philly and both days had a good vegan meal. The tasty vege burger doesn't have a meaty texture; the creamy soy dressing pulls together all the fixin's into a flavorful burger that isn't too heavy or greasy. The cream of broccoli soup was thick and hearty with big chunks of broccoli. Friday was insanely hectic with a half hour wait in line. Other customers were complaining about the service, but frankly the workers were doing a fine job with the demands of the long line. Sunday was much calmer with about a 15 min wait from arrival to getting food. I would go there again.Came here during Jury Duty some months back, and I remember being so excited to "go on lunch" because I found out that they had a vegetarian takeout inside the Reading Terminal. I was a bit sad when I left though. 
First, I asked for no soy cheese, and she said "no cheese," and of course I answered "yes, no cheese." Well, I'm looking around and look over to the grill and I see that she put cheese on the faux steak. I let it slide, but before that she also said, "and you want lettuce, tomato?" I said "Yes,"  but I come to find out that she also added peppers and the works (which cost extra). I asked if the cheese was at least vegan, but then I found out that the menu says that it's actually not. 
I also didn't like that whenever I asked if something was vegan, she would just say "yes, dairy free," but dairy free doesn't mean that something is actually vegan. I just felt a little uncomfortable after the fact because it seemed that she was unsure herself (which made me a little unsure of this place). 
But while I was here I also bought the soup (they were out of bread bowls) and a "vegan" brownie. She told me every baked item was vegan, but again the menu told another story. 
I don't like bad mouthing any place that offers vegan food, but I would really like it if they could explain in more detail on their menu (and also in person) exactly what is really vegan and what is not (I felt as if the "yes" was just to keep the line moving or even to get me to buy the item in question). 
All in all though, the food was pretty good, and I loved the broccoli soup. I would come here again, but I'll just make sure to REALLY make it known that Pam wants NO soy cheese at all. I don't like giving this place only 3 stars, but I just felt so unsure after I left, and I was honestly a bit upset (possibly because I spent 18.00 on lunch for 3 items).I ate the Vegan Philly Cheese Steak sandwich and it was good, I wouldn't say I was very impressed, but it was good. Keep in mind that this place is CASH ONLY and they charge you for toppings like Veganaise, lettuce, tomatoes, etc. - - this is something I was not aware of and she failed to tell me this fact. I also got a Vegan cookie, and it was very delicious.
This is a good and convenient place to go, it's in a deli/farmers market type area. So if you're with a carnivore friend that doesn't want to eat Vegan/Vegetarian, they can go to the next stand over and get their meat - my friend did this.I'm not vegetarian, but I'm not a huge fan of meat. Every time I've been to Reading Terminal, it was always a Saturday. They're closed on Saturdays, which I think is kind of ridiculous, but I was finally able to try this place for the first time. 
I got half and half of the carrot tuna and the soy chicken salad in a pita. I thought the carrot tuna was pretty good, but the soy chicken I could've done without. I wished the sandwich came with more lettuce, onion, and tomatoes, but they were generous with the carrot tuna and soy chicken. It was filling and satisfying though.The service was courteous, but their ordering system  needs a little improvement. We  stood there for a good 15 minutes while my food sat on a counter. I finally had to flag one of employees to ring up my order before it got too cold. Hopefully they'll improve it because their dishes are actually pretty good.
Portions are a little on a skimpy side, and they gave us a pita bread instead of toast. (Their menu stated Tofu Scramble with potatoes and toast) 
Despite that, it was still good,  and also very inexpensive.Of course there has to be at least one vegetarian place in Reading Terminal, there's everything else.
So, when my mom, her boyfriend and I finally got to order (the woman at the counter was jumping around doing three things at once, we had to tell her what we wanted a couple times), we got a 'bacon', lettuce and tomato on a roll and soy chicken (with onion,pepper, lettuce, tomato and spice) on a roll for my mom and I and soy chicken for her bofo.
I think it's impressive that despite all the choices in the place, my mom's meat-eating guy said 'nah I can get what I want here'.
So me and Mom split our sandwiches so we could both have half of each. And I'll take this time to point out that if you order on a roll it's a nice size (for me). Small enough to finish and be satisfied without bursting full (for me). But you can get a really long hoagie.
The bacon was great with a good texture, and the chicken salad was amazing. It's even better than the real chicken salad from Grillmaster I'd eat pre-vegan, which I used to declare the best.
Average prices for a veg place.
The chocolate chip cookie I got wasn't very good though, but they have other desserts. [ETA: the sweet potato pie is good!]
Will come back, I'd love to try they're other stuff.Back in my veggie days, Basic Four was great.  I od'd on soy, though, and now can't eat there all that much.  Whatever they do to spice the veggie chicken is really good.  It has a texture that is damn close to chicken.  It's as close as any veggie chicken I've ever had.  They do a carrot-based version, for those of us, like me, who can't do the whole soy thing anymore.  They also have veggie and fruit juices which are really good and tasty.My partner got a vegan philly cheese steak here and I took a bite off. Apparently they serve the cheese steak with soy cheese now. The "meat" seems to be from chopped seitan. Not my cuppa tea but I can understand why vegetarians and vegans find it tasty.The people working the stand were very friendly. I think even the owner was there one of the two times I went, she was handing out slices of sweet potato muffin to try. My boyfriend said it was good. First time I had the veggie steak and cheese! I got that, an order of sweet potato fries (very good) and a water and it came to like $12 something. I thought that was kinda pricey, but I think they charge you for like lettuce tomato cheese, etc. I asked them no onions but they did anyway, sandwich was HUGE and still really good. Even my non-veg boyfriend liked it. Second time I got the soy chicken which i liked even better! My boyfriend didnt like it. this sandwich was smaller but still very good! I'd go back again. I try to eat vegan mostly, but it's impossible to tell whats vegan and what isnt there it seems. But it's def worth a try and I'd go back! Very crowded during lunch and a lil expensive i think, but so is everything else in that market!I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw a vegetarian Philly cheesesteak on the menu here. While I'm sure the very concept abhors the local carnivores, for me it was just so exactly what I was looking for. I had one for breakfast. I have one whenever I am forced to visit Philly. I rather like Reading Terminal Market, too, and I like few other places in Philly, so I'm happy to make this an excuse to visit and wander around. The prices are a bit on the high side, I would say, but it is a specialty item, so I guess that's to be expected. There are other meatless options here, of course, but the cheesesteak--a truly unique offering--was the real draw for me. Service is very friendly.The good:
Overall, the food is pretty tasty.
The veggie cheesesteak was very good. It's melty, hot, and filling. I am a meat eater and can vouch that this is about the best that a veggie version can hope to attain. Of course, it's still not a cheesesteak.
The veggie burger was delicious, the patty was very good and it had a delicious sauce on it.  However, as a meal it was a bit small (even though I ordered the more expensive "pita"), definitely not filling. 
The fresh juice was okay.
The bad:
I ordered a chili burger, but got the ordinary burger instead.  Okay, that sucks, but no big deal.
The prices do seem a little high, but most everything is expensive in the Terminal Market.  
Sneaky upselling is lame.  Asking me if I want cheese on something is not so cool if you don't clearly disclose somewhere that cheese costs more. This is not so terribly unusual for Philly, though, and if this were the only problem, I could let it slide.
Here's the thing: I ordered a juice, the "combo," which clearly says on the menu "your choice of any three fruits or vegetables."  I ordered a carrot, ginger, and apple.  The lady rings it up for $3.65, five cents more than listed on the menu.  THEN she rings up another $0.75 for "APPLE," not saying anything about it, just ringing it up at the end of the bill. After examining the bill, I go, "hey, what's this charge for apple?"  And she's like, "apples are not in season, fruit is more expensive now."  And I'm like, "Seriously?  The menu says, 'choice of three fruits/vegetables.'" She just said, "Fruit is extra." You charged extra for a normal menu item and didn't say anything about it?  This is just dishonest.
It would be nice to support vegetarian restaurants in Philly, but there's no way I'm going to patronize a place that blatantly tries to take advantage of its customers.
There are much much better places to eat in the Terminal Market.  But, if you have to go to this place, carefully watch how they ring up your meal.Had the soy chicken salad sandwich and loved it. A long wait, but worth it. 
My spouse and I ate here years ago and really liked what we got, so it was good to revisit and get another great lunch.When I was a vegetarian visiting Philly, I would fiend for Basic 4's  sandwiches,cheese steaks, and hoagies. I would fiend.
 If you're keeping in veg up in the RTM, plenty of good sandwich eatin' here.I love being able to walk to Reading Terminal Market for lunch and Basic 4 is always a reliable option. Though it is a bit pricey, I don't mind because they are so nice. How nice? I had a craving for pancakes at lunch and there was no line when I went and she made me pancakes even though breakfast ended hours ago. That was really really nice.I had the "Cheese Steak"- a big messy pile of grilled seitan. I knew from reading reviews below to ask for onions and cheese and was prepared to pay extra. I didn't mind the price bc it was a big sandwich. I did feel that $2 for a small 12 oz. tea was a rip off. It was hot in there I drank that thing while I waited. They also needed another person helping. 3 people was not enough to handle the huge lunch crowd. The order/check out lady ran away from me a few times during the transaction to do other things. And she couldn't make change for me. Anyway... It was pretty good. I enjoyed it. I've never had a meat cheese steak and if I ate meat not sure I would anyway, but I was happy to have the experience of the local thing, albeit, vegetarian version.I have only tried a total of 3 things here but all were very good. I went with a friend who got the Carrot Tuna sandwich, which though it's a strange name, it was really delicious! It comes on a nice square roll-type thing with finely sliced carrot "slaw". it was great choice for a hot summer day. she got a homemade ginger beer, which was very strong, but good.
i got the Veggie Philly Steak sandwich with add-on onions and peppers. They accidentally put vegan cheese on it, which was made it more deliciously gooey. The hoagie was multi-grain and was perfectly soft and toasted. This was a really good sandwich and i would definitely recommend. With cheese the price would've been $8.50, which is kinda high....
service was s-l-o-w.I went to the Reading Terminal on Monday (1/14/13) and Basic Four was CLOSED :(   If anyone knows where they moved (if anywhere) please let us know!!  I asked a few people & also the Information Booth & they were vague about why they closed.  I LOVE / ADORE their "chicken salad".  Anyone have the recipe??it seemed that most people in line were ordering the veggie philly steak here, but i opted for the soy bacon burger, which was DELICIOUS.  seriously, was better than i expected.
3 stars because it took forever, though it's nice that they cook everything to order.  don't go here on your work lunch break expecting to be there, eat, and back within a 1 hour constraint.  
i thought the people working there were friendly and food was really good.  definitely a good option for vegetarians at the market.The Reading Terminal has always been a destination for me in Philly. It always had so much flavor, from the counter steakhouses to the conservative delis with 'freedom fries' stickers on their menus back in 2003, this is Philly. And my longtime favorite spot, when I've seen Reading as much as I need, good old Basic 4. From the fake tuna to the retail products, I'll always come back to the basics.The service was slow, which I understand, it's a busy area and the only vegetarian place in Reading Terminal Market I think. It was expensive, but again, it's Philadelphia, but the food really wasn't that good.  I got the fake tuna, and it was messy and watery and really not worth the price.  If it's the only option, it's okay, but I wouldn't rave about it or probably go back again.I struggled between giving Basic a 3.0 and 4.0 rating.  While I like its location in the Reading Terminal Market, the veggie cheesesteak, the chili, and the soy cheesecake, the service was a bit slow and they only accepted cash.
The Philly cheesesteak is a must eat, as is the soy cheesecake.  The chili is pretty good, although I wish the texture was less smooth and more in keeping with the crumbly nature of ground beef.  Again, if you are a vegetarian, you'll like Basic.  
What adds to the experience, not surprisingly, is it's location.  Couple eating with shopping and browsing in the Market and the experience is a excellent diversion.  
Just make sure to go at non-peak times.
The Reading Terminal establishments close at or before 6:00pm, so make sure you remember to look at your watch.  Otherwise, enjoy!good vegetarian chicken hoagie.  $7.50, I thought, kinda steep-- but then again there are really 2 meals in there.  It convincingly seems like chicken, but beyond that it is not *amazing*, but it's good.  I'll have it again and try other things too.
good homemade ginger soda, like with a real kick and not just a wee hint of ginger.  Also a little on the steep side, though.We tried the veggie cheesesteak and had them charge extra for all the goodies (extra veggies), but it was still sort of plain and didn't have much on it.  But, it was HUGE and easily fed two of us.  I always love supporting vegetarian restaurants and am glad we tried it.I'm not exaggerating when I say their cheesesteak is my favorite sandwich. On my first trip to Philly, I tried every vegetarian cheesesteak I could find and this one is absolutely the best in the city. I live in Texas and only come to Philly once a year, but this is my first stop. I'm not even a vegetarian anymore and their cheesesteak still wins my heart!I mean, $10 for a cheesesteak is probably ridiculous (wait, yea it is) but I couldn't have cared less once I took a bite. OMFG delicious, unhealthy, seitan heaven! I asked for everything on it, and can't really remember what "everything" is, but this was def the best mock-steak I've had in my life.I am not and have never been vegetarian, but I fell in love with the tofu cheesesteak here after trying one that my friend brought home to the point where I went back to Reading as soon as I could just to buy one for myself.  The combination of the soy cheese (which is yummier than it sounds), bell peppers, onions, and soft, juicy tofu on a wheat roll is just delicious.  Plus it's large to the point where my friend and I could split one and still be satisfied.
The only downside is that it's a bit more expensive than I would like (over $8 for a tofu cheesesteak).  In addition, they only accept cash, and the service isn't the fastest.
Overall, I would recommend trying the cheesesteak here at least once even if you're not vegetarian!I was in town for the weekend and went to Reading Terminal Market for some lunch. Don't get me wrong, cheesesteaks are a great feat of humankind, but I was looking for something that was less of a belly bomb. Alas, Basic 4 to the rescue. I had the "chicken" salad and basically everything about it ruled. Tasted really close to meat chicken salad and the dressing was just right. Everything tasted really fresh too, these people don't mess around. Also the sandwich had really tasty tomatoes on it, which really made the sandwich! I got the veggie medley juice on the side, and left the Market feeling content. Definitely will hit up this spot again next time I'm in town.This stand was so cute, and affordable in the midst of an oft-overpriced selection. My food was forgotten and I didn't quite get the right order, but it was still delicious and the poor counter lady was slammed since it was breakfast time during the wftda (womens flat track derby) nationals that was taking place across the street. A slow Sunday it was not!The customer service here is awful, every time I have been I was ignored for so long I almost left. The food is poor quality, AND overpriced. I felt completely ripped off when I ordered the vegetarian nachos, and the nachos were sun chips (which went soggy immediately). They have often run out of some of the main menu items before it even hits 1PM. Don't waste your time.this is what i'm talking about.
Best philly vegan cheesesteak and tofu scrambles for the breakfast. 
I've had the chicken salad sandwich that was the closest tasting to the real thing ive ever had. 
We talked to the owner and she told us they're getting a whole new front with displays and everything. Also shes coming up with some faux salmon and crab recipes which should be interesting. Hopefully by the time we come back to Philly they'll be available!I really wish that I could give this place a better rating, because they have one incredible vegetarian cheesesteak. Really, really amazing. The bread is a little thick, and I usually end up hollowing mine out, but the seitan-and-soy-cheese innards are bursting with flavor. Come to think of it, I'm not sure I've ever had anything else from here, because I love the cheesesteak so much. I will go as far as to say that I would have given this place four stars based solely upon its cheesesteak, if it weren't for the slow service, abrasive employees, and high prices.Mmmm vegan cheesesteak
Nestled in the heart of the Reading Terminal is this vegan friendly place
Their cheesesteaks are very tasty, although I hear a lot of skepticism on whether certain things here are really vegan.  This is what is keeping my rating down at the moment, but I will update it once I ask the owner myself.news flash -as far as I can tell, the "vegan" chicken salad isn't vegan at all - nevermind what they tell you...
i'm not one to disparage people or businesses in a public forum, but this is different - lying about food ingredients is playing with people's lives.
basic 4 used to be a regular stop for me, and i had asked them a handful of times, "this chicken salad is really vegan?"  i was always assured that it was.  of course, they'd never give you the recipe or ingredients...but one day i was 'lucky' enough to be there early, and I saw them making the chicken salad!  i kept looking over their shoulders to see what this magical vegan chicken product was.  it was a commercially produced, large deli-style roll (the shape looked like the big rolls of bologna you'd see in a regular deli, only slightly smaller), wrapped in red plastic.  The company name started with a "W" and the product was clearly called "Meatless Chicken Style".
Well, I looked it up online.  Took me a while but I found it.  I even found a picture of it.  It's Worthington brand Meatless Chicken Style roll.  It comes in a four-pound roll, which seems consistent with what I saw.  And the list of ingredients include egg whites and nonfat dry milk.  Not very vegan if you ask me.  Vegetarian, yes; vegan, no.  It's made by Kellogg's - check it out yourself:  
http://www2.kelloggs.com/Product/ProductDetail.aspx?brand=229&product=391&cat=
Well, that was over a year ago.  So to be safe and fair, before posting this, I called them.  The woman I spoke with told me her boss wasn't there, and didn't know when her boss would be in, but "yeah, it's soy chicken, it's vegan, yeah, it's vegetarian!"  I asked her "do you still use the Worthington chicken style roll?"  She mumbled something again about her boss.  So I asked her if there were any eggs in it, again she mumbles about her boss.  I finally asked her if she knows what the ingredients are, and she tells me she doesn't know what's in it, she only knows that "we order it from somewhere and they bring it and that's it, it's soy chicken".   
BTW - worthington DOES make a meatless chicken roll that IS vegan, it's called Chic-kettes, and it comes in a 1-pound roll.  However, I am absolutely sure that is NOT what I saw.
Oh, I almost forgot the time I asked the woman at the counter about their soy cheese - "is the soy cheese vegan?"  She said "yes."  I asked, "so, there's no casein in it?"  She asked me "what's casein?"  I told her that it's some kind of milk protein.  And she said "oh, well, I don't know."  True story!
Needless to say, after my own discovery about the product they were using, I haven't been back there for ANYTHING, because I simply don't trust anything they say about their products being vegan.
Draw your own conclusions.  AND - if you should find out anything different from what I've said here, please let me know!  I WANT to like that place, I really do - the chicken salad was damn good!  but as far as I'm concerned right now, they're a bunch of liars.
STthe vegan carrot tuna is one of the best sandwiches of my LIFE. everytime i'm in philly, if i can make it to reading terminal before 5pm i get my ass over there for the carrot tuna. one time i even went in and asked for the sandwich disassembled so i could put the sandwich together in the morning for a bus ride to new york. you know so the bread wouldn't have gotten soggy overnight. that's how great this sandwich is. 7 out of 5 stars. also, i love the lady who works here. she's great.As a (mostly) vegetarian, I'm always curious about new vegetarian or vegan focused places for me to try, and while I was familiar with Basic 4, I only tried it yesterday.
I'm very glad I did.
I had their "carrot tuna" hoagie and was pleased with both the amount and the overall taste.  The texture was moist, and it oddly had the consistency of tuna salad without any of the ridiculous faux-fishy taste some vegetarian stand-ins do.  In fact, the staff themselves admitted to me that it had very little to do with tuna and they simply called it that (perhaps why some reviewer was disappointed.)  I also grabbed a whole wheat vegan cookie, and it was rather tasty!
The food was fresh, the staff was pleasant, and I was served in a very timely manner.  I was pleased with the overall transaction, and I'm very much looking forward to going back Friday to grab dinner for take out!  Since this is the Reading Terminal, I won't hold the price against them, but be prepared to pay more than you'd expect for a quick sandwich.I love the idea of a vegan/vegetarian-friendly fast food place!  I had the veggie Philly cheesesteak with peppers, onions, and soy cheese.  It wasn't delicious, but it's what I felt like I had the genuine Philadelphia experience without having to eat a cow.  It's cash only, so make sure you get a receipt if you're getting reimbursed for business.  The owner was there the day I visited and we chit-chatted a bit and discovered that she used to live in North Carolina--where I'm from--once upon a time.  A delightful lady, a wonderful little cafe, and I'll definitely visit again next time I'm in town.Woooow!  This place delightful.  Have you ever had a meal that when you are done you are a little sad because the food was THAT good!  I had the vegan cheesesteak made to order and it was absolutely delightful from the soft, yet crusty bread, to the vegan steak to the vegan cheese to the fresh cut peppers and onions.  Such a good meal, definitely worth the visit!Decent vegetarian food. The burger tasted like a real burger so I was surprised at how good it tasted.  The carrot juice and sweet potato fries were also tasty, although the fries need some sort of sauce with it. The vegan cheesesteak was delicious too!  Overall I would recommend any vegetarian to come and try their tasty dishes and sides.I think Basic 4 was one of the most disappointing veg restaurant experiences I've ever had. I ordered the "Carrot Tuna", which a previous user raved about on another site, VegGuide.org. That user only had one review so I can't help but wonder if he/she is an employee/owner of Basic 4 and posted this false review to boost business.
I've had tofu, seitan, and chickpea-based "tuna" and they've all been good. Some use dulse/seaweed to give it a "fishy" taste, some use chopped celery to give it better texture, and all use some sort of vegan mayo. Basic 4's "carrot tuna" uses none and they don't add anything else to give it interesting flavor or texture. The sandwich was literally carrots on a pita. The pate appeared to be pure carrots pulverized in a food processor, with a little onion and maybe salt and lemon juice. How on earth is this supposed to resemble tuna? The plain carrot mixture was scooped into a pita bread with lettuce, onions, and tomatoes - no protein, and no mayo or sauce. It was the most boring sandwich I've ever had and a total waste of $6. I couldn't bring myself to finish it, so I took half of it home, added a veggie burger, some Veganaise and Siracha, and called it a day.
I also ordered the cream of broccoli soup for about $5, which turned out to be very bland. I'm glad they offered a vegan cream soup, as much of their menu isn't vegan (it looks like some of the soy meats they use contain milk), but it tasted like the stereotypical vegan soup that you would NOT want your non-vegan friends to taste. There was no robust flavor so instead of using rich vegetable broth, soy cream, and vegan butter, I think they just used water and thickened it with flour. No good.