This place is amazing great selection. If you like craft beer you understand that if you are buying by the bottle it isn't cheap as a six pack but the prices were fair.Though the name seems silly, it's an apt one. With an amazing selection at lower-than-average prices, the reason for my 5 star review is simple: this is one of Philadelphia's best bottle shops.
It easily competes with other great beer stores like The Foodery and Hawthorne's in terms of selection, and in some cases exceeds them, by carrying the a full range of brews from craft breweries all across America. To add to this must-have list, they also stock a wide variety of limited release beers. On a whole, their prices are even lower than those bottle shops mentioned above which, in my mind, makes it a stand out place to get your specialty beer. It lacks ambiance and friendly staff, but frankly I don't care. It's an exceptional at what a bottle shop should be in maintaining an incredible selection for a much better price than its competitors. An easily accessible location and available parking, for those of you with cars, are just a few other minor perks about Beer Heaven.Great selection! The staff, although not all together knowledgeable about craft beers, is extremely friendly. The selection is vast, also a tad more affordable than the Foodery or other alternatives when you want to purchase by the bottle and not the case.This place has the best selection in the city ( I love the foodery too, probly second best ) and is priced incredibly well, usually the lowest in the city. I don't know where people get off saying it's priced higher than other places. And to the girl who's review stated " you charge $11 for a six pack of beer that I can just buy one by one for $2 at the pope" how stupid is that? 6 $2 beers is $12 bucks! and  I know it aint regularly $2 because no good beer is. Just go and get some beer.
Respect Beer.The name says everything.  I  was able to make my own 6 pack of beers with a dog on the front of the bottle.  But really, there's a huge selection here.  You'd be hard pressed to NOT find what you want and the price is right.
We were here for like 30 minutes because there were that many options.  Go here and try some new stuff.A superb selection with the option to make your own sixpack.  It can get pretty expensive depending on your choices, so be careful!  They also have a great selection of seasonal brews; I picked up some delicious pumpkin style beers already.Craft beer loving residents of Philly know the deal - incredible selection (one of the best in the country), but we pay for it through the nose. Beer Heaven is no exception. 
Lengthy lines of coolers cover the back and right end of the store, with some of the more prestigious bottles stacked around the counter and on little shelves in the center. Expect everything from obscure Belgian lambics and gueuzes to American craft specialties from Philly to San Francisco (there's also your regular adjuncts and soft drinks if you please). 
Pricing is pretty typical for the city. Some bottles you might pick up and immediately snag, thinking "Wow, this is pretty reasonable," while others you might be better smashing over your own head than buying (i.e., Old Rasputin anny beers at $35 a pop). 
The woman who typically works the counter is friendly and helpful if you ask, and she certainly knows her stock well. Go ahead, check her for a price on something if it's unlabeled - I'm willing to bet she knows (unlike some other shops in the city). 
Limited releases will definitely surface here, although you need to be pretty quick, as they usually announce new items on Twitter. I've had success here picking up Cantillon, Hopslam, Heady Topper, Bourbon County, limited Founders and other brews that vanish fast. 
Protips - mix-a-six for 10% off, follow their Twitter feed, take advantage of the free parking.Finally, a business that believes in truth in advertising.  This establishment is truly beer heaven.  Simply put, they have one of the most expansive selections of beer of any establishment I've seen.  My friend and I got a sixer of beer from all over the country, a fine selection of stouts and IPA's.  They even carry one of my favorite Milwaukee beers, Riverwest Stein Beer from Lakefront Brewery.  Well done, Beer Heaven.When fall hits, I always get a craving for pumpkin beer and hard cider.  I recently moved to Queen Village and Beer Heaven is a short walk away, so I thought I'd give it a try to help appease my liquid pumpkin craving.  I was amazed by the variety and selection of not only alcoholic pumpkin drinks, but all other types too.  I walked out of the store with a quality six-pack of different pumpkin beers and a hard cider for $17.99 (I believe you get a 10% discount when you buy a make-your-own 6 pack), which I felt was a very fair deal.  From now on, Beer Heaven will be my go-to craft beer and cider destination.Out of all the places to find a good selection of beer, who thought it would be in a strip mall on Columbus Blvd?! The place has a great selection of single bottle beers, six packs, and bombers! The people are helpful if you need to look for a certain beer. Also, the prices are pretty decent and lower than most bottle shops. I will make sure to come back more often if I need to stock up on some quality craft beers.Considering how tiny this spot is, they manage to cram the best craft beers in here without an inch to spare. I'm on a stout/porter kick right now and Beer Heaven was well-equipped to suit my needs. Any beer store that sells my current obsession, Lancaster Milk Stout, is good in my book! 
They have a nice blend of local and not so local craft beers.  I saw a bunch of my favorites from the recent AC beer and music festival which was exciting.  Evil Genius Purple Monkey Dishwasher comes to mind.
The guy who worked here was super cool and helpful. Definitely a great spot that will be seeing the likes of me very frequently!We were visiting from Indianapolis and Beer Heaven ranked WAY up there as one of the premiere places to find craft beer (both local, and rare finds), so we put it at the top of our list of stops. We were sorely disappointed, and left without buying a single thing. The selection wasn't much better than we could find at a corner shop back home, we only saw a few local micro-brews that we wouldn't have been able to get. And everything was incredibly over-priced, in our opinion.
We found another place less than an hour away (Trenton Road Take Out in Levittown) that was INFINITELY better! You could have a draft while you shopped, the selection was outstanding, and the prices were very reasonable. We spent a ton there... loaded up our trunk with "souvenirs" to share with friends back home! Totally worth the drive.
I suppose if I lived in Philly and had no other choice... nope, still wouldn't return to BH... we'd just make a bi-monthly drive to TRTO.This place is great. I appreciate good beer but I also appreciate value. This store has both. Something interesting is always on special, the prices in general seem a bit lower than others around town and are all clearly marked ( surprising rarity in bottle shops). Oh and the selection rocks. 
  It's true, if you are looking for a craft brew master to tell you what to pair with your cheese or grilled salmon, this is not the place as the service is aloof. But most of time, well, is that really so hard? I mean c'mon this is beer, the most accessible drink there is.Best prices and selection for bottles in the city.  Plus a 10% discount for each 6pack.  
The people there are helpful concerning general questions but not really that knowledgable about beer in general (atleast that's the feel I got).  Thats probably the only drawback I can see, and so since I'm on my own Ijust stare at the 1000's of beers until my eyes hurt and then I resort to choosing my beers by most entertaining label.Excellent selection of beers. I felt the southwest wasn't represented well in the selection (Marble brewing and La Cumbre)  offered to trade some elevated ipa and was well received. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to make it back in for the trade. Beers were a little pricey but I noticed beer wasn't cheap anywhere in Philadelphia (taxes maybe?) anyway, I was able to score a great haul to bring back to Albuquerque.Beer crafted with smooth peanut butter. Beer infused with locally sourced honey. Beer crafted by Tibetan monks. Beer sizzled with the milk from Aphrodite's mystical bosom. 
This is Beer Heaven aka every hoppy-lover, hipster's wet dream. And they also carry Heineken, because I'm Vietnamese and the brand is awesome. Things to know:
*****
I. LOCATION & PARKING
There's plenty of parking, so no need to worry. --Beer Heaven is located in a somewhat obscure strip mall in Pennsport, but don't let the humble exterior fool you. 
II. PRODUCTS
They organize their beer, wine, cider, and other goods very well by numbering their many fridges that line their walls. A couple tips:
-Fridge #4 is all local brews.
-They have a fridge dedicated to ciders. 
I got myself a couple local summer ales, a Belgian, and a milk stout. All delicious.
III. SERVICES
The woman behind the counter was very nice, and she provided great recommendations. They also have weekly tastings, and the dates are outlined on a chalk board by the front register.
IV. AMBIENCE & DÉCOR
It's small inside, but not crowded or uncomfortable. There also may be a random homeless man who annoyingly asks a barrage of questions to one of the staff employees in the back. Don't worry; he's harmless. 
V. PRICES
Despite their overwhelmingly awesome selection, they have really fair prices for their goods. No qualms here.
VI. OVERALL
Totally love this establishment. It's a destination for those that are serious about getting liquored up. Support a local biz!I will start this review by 'fessing up that I hate PA liquor laws. Don't even get me started on de-regulation of the retail channel.
That aside, this is pretty solid given the constraints of governmental forces. Really good selection given the small square footage (it's a small store in a strip mall on Columbus). I was most pleased with the representation of local offerings interspersed with domestic and foreign options.
Here's my (meager) haul:
-Clown Shoes Chocolate Sombrero
-Fegley's Insidious
-Stoudt's Fat Dog
-DuClaw Devil's Milk
Total: just over $17
So, in short, you can buy beer for far cheaper in NJ. That said, if you are to be confined by state lines, this is a solid choice. Great selection for a small space.As soon as I walked in and the girl at the counter answered the phone and said "Beer Heaven" in the least enthusiastic monotone voice ever, I was both giggly and skeptical. I looked around and decided that yes indeed, this is the best sixpack shop in Pennsport, and judging by the prices, the owners are well aware they can charge more because there is nowhere else to go. Sixpacks of beer for $11 and change for a beer I can order one by one at the POPE for $2 each? They do the same make your own sixer and save 10% that other places like this do. There were Dietz and Watson signs and what appeared to be a food prep area, but no menus or anything, so I asked, and the same boring girl was like "Yeah, we'll have food. Cold sandwiches. Nothing special." Awesome, I can't wait.Pretty large selection, a little pricey. You can build your own 6-pack, which is really nice. It's in a strip mall so parking is no issue.Let's start with why Beer Heaven is different from Hawthorne's (which is my second favorite place), and the Foodery (which everyone loves because it's the original). 10% off pick a six. Great prices in an expensive beer city. If you're not from Philly, you just have to take my word for this. 
The selection is spectacular here. Very thing from Belgian Trappists, to American macros, and even up and coming Nano breweries. They have great seasonal selections which rotate and an excellent cast of regulars. If you're looking for it they have it, and if they don't, they'll tell you when they're getting it.
I can't say enough about this shop. I never leave here disappointed or without a six pack of quality craft brews.In a strip mall along the Philly dockyards between the I-95 on/off ramp and historic Front street district. Easy to find, right next to a giant costume store. This place has a great selection. I've been 3-4 times and ran away with some amazing finds like super fresh Maine Beer Company Zoe, Mo, Spring Pepper, and Mean Old Tom. Even found some Williamsburg Aleworks Cafe Royale and Bitter Valentine! You can do mix and match six packs and save 10%. They had FW15 and even Founder's Blushing Monk the first time I went there. Prices are better than the Foodery. Bottle selection is arguably larger. They have all the regular AleSmith releases too as well as lots of odd local 12oz bottles you can mix and match as singles. Quiet, friendly place. Not nearly as cramped as The Foodery.Stopped here on the way back to NY to pick up some stuff to take home...completely overwhelmed by the selection...tons of options and definitely some unique bottles.  I would definitely stop here often if I was local.The fact that they have apricot seadog was so refreshing. I haven't seen it anywhere other than the seadog brewery in Florida. However I do think it's a little confusing to navigate around. It's a smaller store with tons of craft beers. I could spend a fortune trying all the different types.This place has only been open for a few months and the selection is AMAZING.  I walked around with saucer eyes, gaping at how a little unassuming shop in the Plaza by Masquerade and Pep Boys could have such a profound selection of beer. The owners are super nice and their little girl was playing a card game at the counter, not the normal hipsters I encounter at the Foodery.
AND as a bonus - they had Innus Gunn! I have been looking for that particular whisky flavored beer ever since I had a tasting at Beerfest and not only did they have it, they had 2 kinds already in the fridge!!! and it was more than affordable.
Simply brilliant. Kids, please support. xoThe most recent review for Beer Heaven is certainly a bit unfair, given that you wouldn't, or at least shouldn't, come to a place like this expecting to find great deals on Corona and Miller Lite. Honestly, I'm not sure there are any "deals" here at all. But everything I bought was pretty fairly priced based on prices I've seen across the country, and ultimately the reason you're coming here versus one of Pennsylvania's other mega-distribution-warehouses is the single bottle selection, particularly the amount of large bottles. 
They do apparently offer a 10% off a "mix-six" pack, but it only applies to 12oz bottles, which I find kind of stupid, and also annoying since most of what I buy tends to be in 22oz / 750ml format. This policy isn't exactly stated anywhere in the store either, I had to message them on Twitter to find out the details (unfortunately after we had already left the area).
With regard to new ownership, I guess I don't really care since I never met the previous owners, but the guy who rang me up seemed nice enough. There was some old creeper dude hanging out in the shop chatting everyone up, and likely already buzzed, but that's nothing I'm used to in places centered around lots of beer. I suppose if you don't know what you're looking for it might matter more, but that's never really been an issue for me. Below were the items I picked up on this trip, with their corresponding RateBeer scores. Total for the 11 bottles was $180, not too bad considering the rarity of several of them and the fact that all but 2 were in bomber size.
4 Hands Smoked Pigasus (95)
Clown Shoes Undead Party Crasher (99)
Brewfist / Prairie Artisan Ales Spaghetti Western (98)
Spring House Lil Gruesome Peanut Butter Jelly Stout (92)
Evil Twin Imperial Doughnut Break (100)
Southern Tier Grand Arbor (94)
Lost Abbey Carnevale (98)
Lost Abbey Track #8 (99)
Port Brewing Santas Little Helper Barrel Aged (98)
Mikkeller Jackie Brown (97)
Clown Shoes Luchador en Fuego (99)Beer heaven is truly a craft brew lover's heaven. With a seemingly unlimited selection, personable staff, and a very laid back atmosphere, this will be my go to place for local and far-reaching microbrews. Every time I have gone to Beer Heaven I have been greeted with smiles and offers of help (but not the "may i help you buy something or else you can leave" kind of offer...). I spent 30 minutes in there leisurely browsing and asking questions, and i never felt rushed. I have found amazing and obscure beers from there, in addition to having all the inside info on beer tastings in Philly. It is definitely worth the extra 10 minute drive/bike ride to come here over other similar places. Just fyi though, a six pack of good beers will probably cost about 20$ even with the 20% discount on the six pack. But don't let that daunt you! Being from out of state I was surprised that even "normal" six packs at corner stores in the city are around 20$, so it ends up being an great deal to score outstanding beers for that amount.Selection is out of this world
This spot is literally beer heaven
Sometimes when you're walking around you find places you don't normally notice!  Highly recommend you check out their beer and wine selection.  A must-visit for any beer lover !When I die, I want to go to Beer Heaven for the following reasons:
1. Because the variety of beer here rivals that of that-one-place-with-the-thousand-beer-long menu.
2. You can literally buy anything from the most mundane domestics (Budwiser) to the most decadent lambics (Oudbeitje).
3. The price is right...no seriously, it's really annoying to having to stop by my neighborhood pizza shop, pick up a 6 pack of Woodchuck, Guinness and whatever-it-is that Sam Adams offers this time of the year and pay as much for that shittastic trio as I would for a triumvirate of Breckenridge Regal Pilsner,  Rouge Dead Guy Ale, and a Boon Kriek.awesome selection. 
I did the mix and match sixpack after getting lunch next door and am looking forward to some very interesting beers.I enjoy this place a lot.  They have some strange items worth checking out!  I was pleased to see the LARGE variety.   Mike D. is correct, you can rack up a bill if you do not go in with a game plan.  With such a large selection, it makes you want to venture out to seek new and interesting beers that you may or may not have heard of.I love beer. Beery, beery, beer. There it goes down, down into my belly. 
I stumbled across this place after getting my fill at Pho Saigon. Beer Heaven--yes, that seems like somewhere I'd like to go. Ok, so this place is pretty great, they have an extensive collection of delicious craft beers. Many of them you can get warm or cold. They also have an impressive selection of 24 ouncers. 
Super plus: There is a parking lot--no more pulling your hair out looking for parking. There is plenty of room to move around. It wasn't very busy when I went, but if it was, it would be possible to continue browsing comfortably.
Recap: The selection is great, parking lot, the prices are more reasonable than most, and you can build your own 4 or 6 packs. Doesn't get much better than that.This place really is heaven. Never seen such a great selection, and everything available by the bottle. It's expensive, but worth it. Definitely go if you're into beer (or cider).There is nothing to say that has not already been said. It is like the foodery without the attitude. Great selection, great staff. the only problem (or maybe its better this way) is I live far away. Whenever I'm in the area. I always stop in.This location is under new sucky ownership. The previous owner who runs the beer distributor on Washington sold it to his brother in law or some s**t. He is the one who selected all the fine beers they have there but since he left it is AWFUL. I don't get off talking smack on peoples business unless they deserve it. When you walk into a place and they don't even say hello its a wrap. Not only that but the guy and his wife no nothing about beer. 12 pack of Corona was......wait for it.......$24.67 ( I'm being honest) I much rather go to the Foodery and I live right around the corner from Beer Heaven. To sum it up their selection is heaven.  
Their service, courtesy and knowledge is hell.
Oh and one last thing...their prices suck ass. Especially on cheap beer like Miller, Bud and Coors.Well, I did call to ask about Birrificio del Ducato, and I was met with unprofessionalism,. If any one can let me know if they carry any craft beer from Italy, I would be greatful!In a strip mall and with a somewhat cheesy name like Beer Heaven you would not expect anything much from this pace. But it's well stocked with lots of variety and great for people like me who like to build their own six pack. They have the regular beer like Yuengling and such but they also have fun craft beers. 
The people working here aren't exactly your beer connoisseurs like you may find at other places. The guy ahead of me was trying to have a full blown conversation with the owner about how awesome this one beer on sale was (a big bottle for $49) and how it was so over-priced because we're in Philly, blah blah blah... It was a lot of this dude running his mouth and the guy behind the counter just nodding politely. 
Come here if you know what you're looking for and you need to get in and out. Better parking options compared to a trip to the Foodery.During Halloween I discovered Beer Heaven had opened in the same strip as Masquerade.  I was tired from tromping all over the city collecting supplies to construct my costume and I needed a drink but had no time for frolicking at bars, I had a costume to make and the Phillies were on!   Walking to my car I spotted the well pronounced sign, Beer Heaven. Perfect.  It was a Homer Simpson drool inducing moment. 
The selection at Beer Heaven is pretty darn good.  It's comparable to the Foodery or Hawthorne's.  The place is lined with coolers and you can get six packs or mix and match.  My selection was pretty pricey but I chose pricey beers and apparently have expensive taste.  I scored a few interesting stouts and some sour beers.  Prices were listed under the beers so I didn't have to ask or go searching.  I definitely dug that.   I don't know that I'd make a special trip, especially considering I live much closer to the Foodery, but when in Rome, or a strip mall, it'll do.I love this place. Not gonna lie I'm a sucker for bougie craft beers, and the woman who's always there is such a sweetie. Soo much good stuff.Beer Heaven...love the name.  This place really should have pearly white gates at the entrance.  But then what would Beer Hell look like?  Skunked Miller Lite at The Xfinity Live Center?
In all seriousness, though, what else can be said about Beer Heaven?  Everyone else has already hit the nail on the head.  The prices here are decent, their selection is pretty awesome, and they have a parking lot.  Repent now and make your way over here.After coming here a few times I am both happy and continually impressed with the variety in the selection of beers they offer.  I dare you to run your eyes around this store and not see a craft beer.  Whoever is stocking their shelves is doing one hell of a job.
It's pretty close to my house which is certainly a convenience factor for me.  It's clean, well lit and the staff is nice.  Prices are in line with any of the other spots in Philadelphia.
I like this place a lot.Stumbled upon this place while I was waiting for my car to get serviced at Pep Boys. And it's amazing!! I've been to the Foodery a lot, but often get annoyed that there aren't prices on anything. At Beer Haven, every beer has a price you can see both for price per bottle or by a 4pack/6pack. Their selection was great, and the woman working there was very helpful. I stuck to a mix 6 this time around, but I was impressed with the selection of large bottles too. I will be back.Beer Heaven has its prices listed next to almost every bottle in the store.  No more hidden $19 surprises when your cashier checks you out.  MUCH BETTER.FINALLY! a philadelphia craft beer store selling beer at reasonable prices! Shocked? I know I was. Clearly marked prices on EVERY bottle in the entire store. Serious selection. No limitations, if you want to buy all six, no ones going to yell- in fact you get it at a discount! If you mix and match you get a discount! It's like that awful progressive insurance commercial, except it's happening for beer! in Philadelphia! and it's amazing!
Seriously. I live 1 block from the foodery, and I love it, i love the selection and convenience- however, i have honestly spent 35 dollars on 6 beers before. holy cow my friends, that's some kind of money. At beer heaven, the selection is still great, but when they ring you up you wont feel like they're demanding your first born child. 
Seriously. if you haven't got a car, this is a bikeable or even walkable location. You should check it out. I know I will be going here often.Wow, if I died, this would be my heaven. The selection at this store is out of this world and every time I go in, I feel like I spend way more time than I intended just because there is always a new selection of beer that I have to check out. The prices are reasonable (for craft beer) and this is my one stop shop! Stop in and you wont be disappointedJust as the name implies, if I had to spend all eternity in Beer Heaven, I would prolly be pretty, pretty happy.  And maybe just a tad drunk.  They carry an expansive collection of craft beers and seasonal beers.  Their prices are very competitive.  There is free and easy parking.  They are open decently late on Sundays (for all those faithful beer worshipers to attend a late mass).
Yes, Beer Heaven, you do make me believe in the holy beer brew.For its cheesy name and sketchy location, I was surprised to find I like the place. This bottle shop has a variety of imports, local beers, and a huge selection of larger non-refrigerated bottles. 
Can you guess what the kicker is? Most of the beer is more reasonably priced than at other bottle shops in the city. Prices can be sometimes $1-$2 cheaper. I shouldn't have judged this place like I did. 
Service wise, I waked in and all you heard was the residual slush on the bottom of my boots as I perused the merchandise. I wasn't acknowledged for entering the store and hey maybe that's a good thing, maybe not. It was similar to the Soup Nazi. You get in, you get out and don't ask any questions or No Brew For You!When visiting a new city/town/county/place....I try to get local beer. Beer that can't be found everywhere. Beer that has limited distribution. Beer I can bring back to my homeland and share with my friends. This place literally is a beer heaven. The name is no exaggeration.
They have an amazing selection of locally crafted brews that are hard to nearly impossible to find outside of the region. Sure, they have all the large scale stuff too - I guess cause you kinda HAVE to have that stuff on hand, but they have a great selection of brews I'd never heard of. 
There were a ton of peanut butter & chocolate beers.
There were some great IPAs (had a mango one I loved)
There was a KILLER milk stout. Wish I had bought more of that.
There was everything. My friends even found some new ciders.
Heck, I even saw Funky Buddha's More Moro there. And I lost my shit. So proud of our hometown heroes for making it up the East Coast. 
The staff is excellent as well. They were super patient. Never pushy and even offered up a ton of recommendations when I asked them. 
Everything is reasonably priced - considering they do single cans/bottles. You can make your own 6 pack - or get some of the bombers they have as well. I ended up dropping over $80 - but had a ton of beer to drink while in town - and plenty to bring back home to share with my buds.Why 5 stars? Because it's very appropriately named.
   ---   ---   ---
This was one of the most unexpected surprises I've discovered on a trip in recent memory. Yes, it had 4.5 stars, and the photos made it look very promising, but it was still a very unassuming little shop in a strip mall. Little did we know that Beer Heaven was literally named. Rare and delicious beers ran rampant in this little slice of paradise. We loved it so much, we made two trips in less than 72 hours in Philly. 
The only bad thing about Beer Heaven is that it was pain-staking to decide on what beer to buy! For such a short amount of time, we ended up buying more than we could drink. Here's hoping that our Air BnB landlord has a love for craft beer, because they certainly scored a nice amount of leftovers.
If I lived nearby, this would be my go-to bottle shop. Don't judge a book by its cover - this place is phenomenal!PPA syndrome.
n.
Increased heart rate and sympathetic nervous system activation brought about by running into the store to grab some beers while you are illegally parked because there's no fucking parking anywhere, like...seriously ANYWHERE near the craft beer store and so you say a prayer and run in and hope you can get out quickly but there's a huge line and you are peering out the window to see if any PPA are coming near your car and the person in the front of their line seems to have misplaced their credit card and it is taking forever and OH GOD WAS THAT A PPA AGENT? Whew no it was just a police officer but still you keep peering out the window like you have some sort of nervous tick and you are thinking that if you get another PPA ticket you are going to stop driving entirely in the city, for real this time, you mean it.
Much like you, I have been the victim of PPA syndrome. I've gone on beer runs on my own and failed to find parking. I park in front of some fire hydrant/driveway/void to the nether and throw on the hazard lights. I sprint in like I'm going to rob the place and hastily select beverages. This isn't casual shopping. This is speed shopping. Thankfully, there is now an end to my plight - Beer Heaven - a great beer store with fantastic selection and ample parking in front.
Go here and buy the Creme Brulee Imperial Milk Stout. Yeah it is basically a dessert beer but it has 10%ABV which is ridiculous for something so tasty. If people buy it often, then it will never run out. I need this stuff to not suffer the same fate as my beloved Trader Joe's chipotle fries.
They seem to carry almost every beer that my beer dork friends talk about but can't seem to find.we were visiting Philly for the weekend and decided to stay in instead of going out. It was hard to choose just a few specialty beers here  because they were so many I wanted to try! I ended up with a great ginger beer, california beer, and a beer aged in a red wine barrel. As I walked around the store I started taking note of the other beers in there so I could try to find them back in NY. Great place!Foodery, Bottleshop, Hawthorne's, Brew/Ultimo; As far as mix-a-six beer stores go I've been to every single one of them. But when it predominately comes to overall variety and bargain prices, there's only one Beer Heaven.
I first came across this heaven when some friends and I made an epic journey to Ruby Buffet, and had it have been BYOB I would have checked it out in  second. But while I didn't believe it, I did make note of my friends praising it as the best spot to go for craft beer six packs. Brad's and Ettya's reviews furthered my curiosity to the point that I had to go, and beyond a shadow of a doubt, its delivers!
When I walked in I was instantly taken aback by the fact that Beer Heaven had at least 3 times times the cooler space of every single other six pack place in the city. And holy hell did those coolers house such treasures! Beers from breweries such as Ommegang and Stones went for at least a $1 less then they did at other locations, and that price range seemed to exist throughout. High quality Belgian ales and other imports went for as low as $4.50. And for each and every beer that I've tried before (in my years of beer snobbery I've tried many!), it seemed like I came across a beer that I haven't seen before. Even among the local variety (Seriously how is this the only Philly six pack place where I came across a Stoudt's beer that is named for Philly's oldest bar - http://www.ratebeer.com/beer/stoudts-mcgillins-1860-ipa/113825/?). Add in a 10% discount on each beer when you pick up a 6 pack, and you have something that's pretty awesome!
When it comes down to it this place is probably called Beer Heaven because, no matter what price point you're working with, its pretty easy to forge a six pack crafted by angels. But of course, since it is located along the righteous path of sin that is Columbus Boulevard (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ruby-buffet-philadelphia#hrid:q4NBAyGnmwnn_c6sOpRj7g/src:self), it might just be crafted by demons. But either way my snobbery is sold!Definitely not a bad stop for all your craft beer needs. There's a pretty decent selection for both refrigerated and non-refrigerated bottles. Prices seem to be on the more affordable side when compared with other local shops, at least for the larger-sized bottles. 
The woman working the counter didn't say very much while we were in the store, if anything at all. So if you're looking to have a conversation about the suds, or if you need a recommendation, I'd probably shop elsewhere. But if you're open to adventure or you know what you're looking for, this is a great spot.