More a bar than a German restaurant or a cultured German watering hole.
Came for happy hour and the tender wasnt sure what it was or where the boot glasses were- so special hunters beware.
Fun enough for a group, but if you want authentic German there's better in the area.  My beers were served ok in nice glasses.  The outdoor lighting seems nice but I came in cold weather so didnt use it.  Summer may be different.  The food was fine.  Come to drink not to eat?Bierstube is certainly okay!  It's on the chill side. it has some good beers, it's not too expensive in a neighborhood that can run pricey.  It's a good place to know when you're meeting peeps in Old City.  What's the down side?  Well since the question was posed - the downside is that it's not exceptional.  And I don't get the so-called Chinese fusion with the German cuisine.  In the three dishes that we ordered that were to have had an oriental influence, I couldn't taste a thing Asian.  Everything tasted German or maybe I should say Western to me.  The food wasn't spectacular but it was more than tasty enough and everything was def eaten.No German beers on tap, all in bottle. I ordered pierogis and the inside was ice cold, cheese unmelted, tasted like potato salad inside fried dough. Skip it.Their German bier selection is vast.  Augustiner Edelstoff is my measure of a good baseline German bar and they have it and much more.  The atmosphere is comfortable with kind staff.
The food is bar food -- don't mistake this for a high-end German restaurant.  Have some more Bier, now it's better.  Philadelphia, you don't know how lucky you are.The schnitzel are a must to go here ! 
Originally living close from Germany but in France I can tell you also that the spaetzle are wonderful.
Large choice of beer, from everywhere, you will always find happiness !First time that I've got a pretzel bun with sauerkraut, Patty and sausage and I have to say: it was great ! Price was cheap and service very Nice.I must say that we were very pleasantly surprised about the quality of the food.  My husband had the veal schnitzel, and he was very happy with it.  I had the knockwurst sandwich, and it was excellent.  It was served with sauerkraut and mustard on top of the braut plus very nicely done french fries as the side.  The schnitzel came with a red cabbage and potato salad.  Both entrees were very reasonably priced.
The down sides were (1) it was dark (2) it was loud and (3) the service was very slow.  I would have been OK if it was the food service that was slow, but it took an excessive amount of time to get our beer order.  
Check your bill.  We were there at Happy Hour, yet we were not charged Happy Hour prices for our beers.  It took several iterations of our check before they got it right.sat outside on a beautiful evening, great German food and excellent choice of  beers, good service, reasonable prices, would  return when in PhillyThe beer is good, and priced reasonably.  The food is ambitious, and ends up being disappointing - more a matter of the descriptions setting you up for something that sounds better than what comes out.  Case in point: the wiener schnitzel described sides of truffled potato salad, braised purple cabbage, and sausage gravy.  What came out were massive schnitzels - more breading than meat - with tiny shreds of braised cabbage as garnish.  The potato salad (about 4 tablespoons) was there, but the potatoes were still crunchy.  The gravy was present, but enough to go with 1/8 of the meat.
The short rib burger was decent, as was the cheese plate - though the latter quite overpriced for the quantity.  Points for including limburger!
The good news is, if you're drinking the generously-poured beer, you're not likely to care about the food being so-so.  After all, who doesn't like large quantities of great food when drinking?  But if you want your food and drink in balance - and for both to be excellent - stick to Eulogy.Service was good, outdoor sitting is a plus. We order the Eulogy Busty, was ok, a bit warm for my taste. As appetizer we got the Beer Mussels and they were way too big (not in a good way) and not very tasty. Next time we will stick to the beersThe only thing exceeds the exceptional beer selection is the quality of the staff. They made sure my group had an awesome time. My ONLY complaint is that there is just one bathroom. We had dinner reservations at another location so I didn't have a chance to try the food, but I will be back.My goodness the beer selection here is solid. I actually became a bit panicky about making a choice, there were so many options! The general feel in here is a bit too dark for my liking, some additional lighting would go a long way in here.
Food-wise, I'm not quite sure how I feel yet. I inexplicably had pierogies from here. At a German beerhall. Yeah, I don't know why either.  They were tasty, but I don't think it's necessarily fair to judge just on my Polish food choice.
So back to the beer. After my initial stressed reaction, the server was able to help me choose a beer and I was very happy with my choice. If you're in search of a difficult to find German beer, this is your place.This place has an unbelievable german beer selection, pretty cool atmosphere and friendly waitstaff. This place loves Hasselhoff and all things German!
On the down side, there is one small bathroom and their prices are on the high side.I have been here 3 times. The first time the bar was dead and we ended up chatting with the bartender who was nice and had a good sense of humor. I did notice the place is pretty dark and a little dingy. We had a couple beers and left (good beer selection). The 2nd visit was pretty on par with the first. The 3rd time is where it gets interesting. Olde city was very crowded on a late Saturday afternoon. Thought we would give them a try. No seats left at the bar but a nice host found us a 2 top quickly. Perfect. Sat there for 1/2 hour before a server came around to take a drink order. We just ordered beers. Another half hour a different server came around to take out order. Huh??  After being informed we had put in a drink order he offered to check in it for us. After another 20 minutes we walked out. As we were leaving our original server yelled after U.S. That she was getting our drinks. Ridiculous. I will not be returning.Seems like plenty of good reviews here for Bierstube so I will just add another to the mix.  My girlfriend and I ate here on Saturday night.  Our first time there and it was one of those "wow this place is great" moments. Bars in Philly are so hit or miss these days.  Our server deserves extra praise as he recommended a great dark beer for me and steered my girlfriend away from a beer I knew she wouldn't like.  I got the German burger which was on point.  GF got the chicken schnitzel which came with awesome sauteed red cabbage.  And it is was not crowded on a Saturday night which is nice for a bar right on Market in Old City.Went at 6pm on a Fri, and the place was dead. Good beer, but bad food and grungy musicOk so here's my 1st review... and I'm writing reviews so people like me (who enjoy good food, good atmosphere, good times, and a good bargain- on occasion) can find reliable reviews for the hot and not so hot places around Philadelphia.  All that said lets start the review...
3 stars and not 4 bc of the service.
The food was good, the value was fair, but at several times I felt that I had to get up and check our waiters pulse because he disappeared and did not check back at my table.  We waited for another round of beers or some ketchup for my fries (after eating a second fry I decided that it would be reckless of me to add condiment to what was simply one of the best fries I have ever eaten so the ketchup issue was null and void until my current critique of the waiter's service).
The wings as appetizer were ordered "mild and crispy."  What I got were perfectly cooked, perfectly mild wings!  They were meaty, (I've had meatier) they had a mild sauce (I've had spicier), but they were some of the BEST wings I've ever had and friends agreed!
Beer selection was phenomenal and there is a beer, make that several beers on their menu for everyone.  If you don't know ask or  be annoying and ask for samples.  
My rule on samples- 
1. Go to the bar 2. Wait until bartender can give you time 3. Ask for a recommendation after telling him/her beers or styles you like 4. Sample one or two or at most three beers 5. Find your ass a pint and a seat and drink it 6. Tip the bartender big to show your appreciation!
A must visit for someone who enjoys beer, great food, nice atmosphere, and a reasonable price!  Service was eh- verage.
I'll definitely go back!What a disappointment at this place. My boyfriend and I went to Eulogy and although we weren't crazy about the vibe in the place- we were satisfied with the service. When we sat down at BT tonight at the bar- it took about ten to fifteen minutes to order. When we were literally just about to get up to leave the bartender came over and asked what we needed. We decided to stay and order since they had some biers we wanted to try. When we got our frites we asked for an additional sauce since we finished the first one. Our bartender disappears and after ten minutes of waiting we ask the second bartender who then tells us it's extra for the sauce. He comes back and then says that they just ran out. All this after about fifteen minutes. Also did NOT like the vibe here either from either of the bartenders. Sucks because we did want to order more. We won't be going back!! Ever!This was our least favorite stop on our pub crawl. They had a really great and large selection of beer but was little on the pricy side for us after a full day of cheap, but solid drinking. The menu looked authentic and full of great selections. If we come back it would be for some dinner, not to get sloshed.It was fairly quiet for a Friday noon lunch when we walked in but was rapidly filling up with people by the time we left an hour later. The interior is dark with Germanic signs, mirrors, and a surprisingly comfortable booth all alongside one wall. They would be easily able to accommodate large parties and would have something to offer to everyone from the exhaustive beer list available.
We had a mushroom spaetzle and pierogies. The spaetzle is reminiscent of a pasta dish with cream, butter, and cheese sprinkled on top but instead of noodles, it contains a lot of small chunks of soft dough. Plenty of mushrooms and delicious but also very buttery and oily. 
An entree of pierogies will yield eight, large pierogies that are a lot heartier than the ones you might be used to. The dough covering is significantly thicker and has more of a deep fried-texture. It's served on top of sour cream mixed with chives. The potatoes inside are creamy and dense but most of the flavoring comes from the sour cream. I felt like both dishes could have used a hearty dose of black pepper, they were good but somewhat underseasoned.
They have a lot of fruit beer that wouldn't be found in other bars so I'll have to come back to try at least one later in the future.My significant other and I stopped in for a drink and food one Friday evening. I have a fair amount of patience and can forgive or be understanding of a lot of things (especially as someone who has worked in the industry before), however, this visit was just a little too much to overlook.  We sat at the bar--the entire place was neither packed nor empty, just a healthy number of patrons. At the bar, there were still several stools open.  If a bar is super packed and/or there are few bartenders, I am totally okay with waiting.  This, however, was not the case.  Like I said, they were far from packed, and there were multiple bartenders in the area we were sitting, plus a bar back. It took far too long before anyone even came over.  Once we had a menu, our orders were not taken for another extended period of time (and that was just drinks...getting someone to take a food order took even longer).  We ordered the pretzels and the pierogi, as they said they were homemade.  The pretzels appeared to be microwaved, though the sauces were good. The pierogies were not just cold in the center but frozen. Then, trying to get anyone's attention to address this, of course, took forever.  We did not have time to have them redone, but they did happily take them off our bill.  With all the delays, we could not even order a second beer. Oh and the delays were not due to the bartenders being occupied with other things or patrons--they were standing around with their backs to the bar, talking to their coworkers, and in plain sight, doing shots.
The beer list is great--there is no arguing that. Hopefully, the service and food was a fluke.I've been here a handful of times and really like their selection. However this past weekend we ordered beers from their bottle list which turned out to not have the correct information printed. Understandably this is not the bartender's fault but when brought to his attention he said he would take it off our bill. It wasn't taken off. Both the style and bottle size were printed incorrectly. We mentioned this to another nearby staff person who decided to argue with us that the beer we received was a very good beer and worth the price. Unfortunately that wasn't the point we were making and his actions were rude.This place is so much fun! The location is fantastic (it's on 2nd and market) so it has very easy access and it's easy to hop between bars. I'm a huge fan of the specials here ($3.49 Franziskaner in a boot? Yessss please!), and the food is amazing! My friends and I split the ribs appetizers which were ridiculously good, and also the cheese plate. The tomatoe jam seems off-putting and weird--I'm not a huge fan of tomatoes, but I absolutely loved it! It was super sweet and a great compliment to the cheeses.
Go, go, go!!Bierstube has a food and drink menu similar to Eulogy and Monk's, with the advantage of more space for big groups.  We held down a long corner table of 10 people, easily.  So if you are craving an extensive beer list and booze broth mussels, but don't want to wait in line at a more popular place, Bierstube is the place for you.
My palate was won over by their delicious sour beer.  It starts with an 'L'.  Obviously, I can't remember the name.  It was the most sour beer I've ever tasted, over every sour I've tried at Monks.  So that's impressive.
Pleasantly not crowded and a friendly vibe.   Plus, a check-in gets you a decent $3ish beer.Very much a No Frills old man bar. They have some picnic benches to sit down on in front and lots of seating. It's very dark and it seems like it could use a good scrub. The service was very good and they have a good German beer selection- recommended Spaten Optimator. I just wish my glass wasn't sticky :(Nice place to drink german beer but not to eat german food ;) So drink but don't eat !!I sat here with my partner for several hours one weekend evening and had an absolute blast. OK, yes, there was alcohol involved. Beer to be exact. Really, really good beer. If one beer is not to your liking, have no fear, the next beer will fix that. Even if you don't know what the next beer is. And how could you? You can't honestly know what everything will be like on such a vast menu as this. I'm not going to say it's written in a foreign language, but...technically I guess it is, since Germans, Dutch, etc. don't name their beers "Wicked Strong Brew" or "Drink This Now"...instead they're called "Die Suuner" and "Leif Happeer." Again, it doesn't matter what you can or can't read, either due to language restrictions or alcohol intoxication...the staff are knowledgeable and will translate everything for you, recommend your next drink, and cater their suggestions to your input and feedback. Your last beer was too dry? OK, customized next glass appears on the table and you love it. But maybe that beer was a little too sweet? OK, next glass is one that's more subtle. 
I'll be honest, I'm not a beer snob. I'm not knowledgeable about it myself. I don't pretend to be. I'm not even sure I want to be. But one thing I do know is that this place has amazing beer. If you want to sit and drink beer all night, I can think of no better place to do it.Awful. The bartender ignored us--the only three customers at the bar--to chat with his friend. Then he held onto my Mom's soda for no fewer than five minutes while continuing to chat with his buddy after he had gotten around to serving my stepdad and myself our beers. A few more customers came in and he realized they were locals and started being super cool to them and whining about having to deal with tourists all day. I'll now point out that I live roughly six blocks from here. He continued to ignore us and took ages to bring our check when we asked for it. Clearly I will not be going back.Amazing beer options and their burgers are great.  Every time I go I try to order something different but I can't get past the burger list.  The fact that pretzel rolls are standard and their fires are chunky cut just makes everything better.Great selection of beers on tap. Definitely got great recs from the bartenders. Enjoyed the low key environment. Definitely encourages one to drink one too many. Definitely.
*I wrote this blurb while I was having too much fun, I felt like it captured the moment I was in so I didn't edit it*My friend and myself were visiting Philly and decided to walk in here. It was actually kind of dead, we ordered a shot of green tea and 2 Radler's each. I was surprised it was brought in a beer mug, lets just say it took us awhile to finish our Radler's. Overall I had a pretty good expierence there.Stopped in completely by chance while walking around Philly with friends (it happened to be happy hour also!) Not being a beer drinker myself poor Steve our waiter had his work cut out for him. He was awesome!! His first suggestion was that I mix two beers together, a lighter beer with a raspberry fruit beer. Unfortunately the bar was out of the raspberry but he found me a strawberry beer and it was FANTASTIC! Then he hooked up my husband and friend with 1 liter boots and even suggested beer based on their preferences. My husband was even able to find his favorite beer from when he lived in Germany, this is the only bar in the tri state area that carries it! We didn't eat much, just the pretzel app with beer cheese but that was really good too. Overall this was a great choice for an afternoon drink and we can't wait until our next trip the Philly so we can stop back in.The German beer selection is okay and reasonably priced. AVOID THE FOOD AT ALL COSTS! Poor quality and not worth the price at allI was drawn to the bar down stairs to the Under Bar great bar! The bar tender asked me what beers I enjoyed and found me a beer my fiancé and I loved. I advise you to go down and have drink enjoy yourself.Overall good experience. Decent drink prices, and a great German food menu. Had the perogies which were excellent. Good, fast, and friendly service. Will definitely come back to try some different menu items.After visiting Brauhaus Schmitz I honestly could not get enough traditional German food. Bratwurst, Weißwurst, Currywurst, all the wursts! I love it! So, when I heard that there was another traditional German spot opening up in Olde City I had to give it a try.
I guess due to the relative "new-ness" of the restaurant we showed up at 7pm on a Friday and there were only two other seated tables. I don't mind not having to wait so this sat well with me. The beer selection was great. A good selection of German imports and interesting domestics. I started out with a Schneider Edel Weisse, which was refreshing as always and later tried a Weihenstephaner White Hoplosion which was also really good.
The food was also quite good. There is a good mix of traditional German food and modern takes on the style. My fiance and I shared the bratwurst plate, some Piroggen, and "the German Burger". The Bratwurst was flavorful and the piroggen were crispy and not overly smothered with sour cream. The German burger, while somewhat overwhelming in size, was delicious. In terms of comparison to the other "German joints" in the city I would say this is a great place to go with a significant other and have a sit down meal with good food and beer. The food is better than Frankford Hall, but Bierstube doesn't have the raucous atmosphere or Frat crowd (yet!) that tends to frequent there. I somewhat prefer the food at Brauhaus Schmitz, but this is a great alternative for folks in north Philly that don't want to make the trek to South Street or just want to eat some place "in the neighborhood".Surrounded by high priced dining options is this terrific place. Standard menu featuring getman sausage but the product is prepared and served well. Great beer list. In nice weather the doors are rolled open wonderfully airy great place for people watching.Can I give zero stars? Came in today for a beer tap takeover. Read the description and sounded good. Was full of trepidation since I've been there twice prior but never wanted to stay for a second beer because of unlit conditions and unfriendly staff. This time, didn't make it ten seconds. 
My fiancé and I walked in at 3 in the afternoon (!) and it smelled like vomit and pee. Worse than a frat house basement. Instantly turned around and left. How does this happen to a place on market street in Old City? Just sad.Great beer selection for the recreational beer connoisseur, nice outdoor seating. Stopped in for beers and pretzel bites, which everyone loved. Dirty bathroom, and there's only one for everyone to share if that is an issue for you. Staff was friendly and attentive.Ok..  Well, Ive lived in Old City for about a year now and had never made my way to Bierstube.  Craving a charcuterie and cheese platter, a friend from out of town and I made our way to BT on a Saturday afternoon.
Upon entry, the restaurant was empty.  We ordered the meat and the cheese platter.  The meat platter was less than appealing.  It included salami and two meats that tasted like liverwurst and ended with the word wurst.  If you like your smoked/cured meats (that is what it says on the menu) to come in log form, sliced, and be gelatinous, then this is the meat plate for you.  I know, I know.. its a German restaurant.. but geez.  No mustard and a few pieces of bread came along with it.. blech.  Never again.  The cheese plate wasn't half bad. 
We then ordered the spaetzle and the potato leek soup.  The side of spaetzle was swimming in oil and served in a small bowl (on top of a platter that had a big glob of burnt who knows what on it),  and the potato leek soup had entirely too much salt in it.  Yow.  Zero for three.
I excused myself to go to the bathroom and it was utterly disgusting.  It looked like it hadn't been cleaned in days, complete with the seat up, vomit from the previous night, and no toilet paper.  Gosh, if I could wipe this experience from my mind, I would.  
The server was attentive, and the ambiance wasn't all that bad, but never again.My friend and I were craving German food and she suggested this place. Upon arriving we were quickly greeted by someone and sat immediately. Then we just sat there and waited for our server to get our drinks. After sitting there for about 5-10 minutes and the server still didn't show, the hostess seemed to notice and came over to ask if our server had come to our table yet. It seemed like there was a lack of communication between the hostess and our server, so we let it go. After our server finally came by and got our drink orders, we asked for a little bit of time to look over the menu. Then we waited again. We sat there for about another 10-15 minutes and decided to leave and go elsewhere for dinner. Oh, and did I mention it wasn't even busy yet? As we left, the hostess smiled and told us to have a nice night. No one asked why we were leaving and no one apologized for the lack of service. I'm usually pretty laid-back when it comes to service, but they were slacking tonight. If they don't want my money, then I'll spend it elsewhere. I would've gotten better service from an actual german server in Germany than we got here (anyone who has actually gone to Germany would know that the service is terrible since they automatically get tips). Anyways, I don't think I'll ever be going back to Bierstube. Hopefully if you decide to go here, you get a chance to order your drinks and food within 15 minutes of being there.We had a great cheese plate here with tomato jam that was fantastic. Service was ok, not fantastic. Great selection of beers of course!essentially 2 places. #1 great beer place. large beer menu, rotating specials, happy hour 7 days a week.....food is across the board an eh. uninspiring at best ok. sad really, this is so close to being a great restaurant.....ambience, the website implies that the staff is young caucasian aryan looking women wearing traditional garb. reality is 2 asian women wearing black t shirts and jeans and a grubby bearded white guy white guy behind the bar....they are not what they purport themsekves to be.........brauhaus schmitz has a great beer list excellent food staff dressed in traditional german garb oompah music. you get the real thing. .....so bottom line have your beer here but get your food somewhere else. there 2 many other excellent food places nearby to accept such poor execution on the food......schnitzel, mashed potatos, ghoulash are terrible, pretzels and potato pancakes are just ok, the knockwurst was pretty good...should be betterYou're not in a hurry, are you?  Good.  Then you might enjoy the experience of eating here.
We arrived at 5:55 for a 6:00 reservation.  It took a good twenty minutes for the waiter to come to our table.  We ordered beers.  They arrived fifteen minutes later.  Okay, forty minutes to get beers.  We immediately ordered a second round.  In fairness, they were consistent.  It was around another forty minutes, but I did have to get up, go to the bar, and make a nuisance of myself to get another round.
It wasn't that staff was lazy.  The waiters were running their asses off, and the bartenders were consistently busy, although they weren't hustling nearly as fast as the waiters.  This location is just VERY popular with tourists.  It's loud, and again, full of tourist trying to impress each other with how loud they can be. "WOOOO!"  "HAZZUH!"  What the hell does Huzzah even mean, anyway.
Food arrived an hour and thirty minutes after we did, which gave us a half hour to finish the meal before the 8pm curtain at a local theater.  It was a shame.  The food was good.  It deserved better than to be eaten in a hurry.  I got the wurst.  My wife and one friend got burgers, our other friend got spaetzl.  It was all very good.
So service was painfully slow, and the place was way too loud to enjoy conversation with friends.  Why three stars?  The staff though overwhelmed were very nice, and the food was really good.  This place could easily be four stars on the way to five.
Have you heard the Yogi Berra quote, "Nobody goes there anymore. It's always too crowded"  This is the place.  If you have four hours for dinner and communicating via charades, this is the place for you.
Actually, I'd like to come back here on a cold rainy Tuesday afternoon.  I bet you it would be a five star experience.Good service. Ordered two drinks and they were brought out almost immediately. Also ordered french fries which only took about 5 minutes, and they were delicious and thick cut. Absolutely amazing.Really like this spot, great staff and the food has been on point every time I go. My only complaint is the greasiness of everything.Stopped in on a slow weekday night and I was not disappointed. The beer list is extensive and there is something for anyone's taste. The food is good, though the menu is somewhat lacking. However, the prices, service, and beer selection make up for the limited menu options.  A great change of pace from most other Old City bars.I come here almost every time im in old city.  They have great happy hour prices for their liter beers.
Being a big fan of hefeweizen beers i often times have to settle for wheat or wit beers, but not at this place, they usually have 3 different ones on tap.
They have about 10 beers on draft almost always German.  and an assortment of bottled beers from all over including a section of the menu full of "shit american beers" which include Amstel light and Heineken.
Wait staff seems knowledgeable and is nice.  Got a flat beer here once and told them, they thanked me and said they had an issue with the line.This bar has an intense, extensive beer list. I'm 90% sure if you name a good international beer, they serve it here. The bar area gets crowded though so arrive early if it's a Friday or Saturday.  Their decent service and average bar food made my experience a "3". Although I do ask myself:  Who is coming here for food though?  It's all about the beer at Bierstube. If you are a beer connoisseur, you'll enjoy this place.This review is for beer only. Went to check out this place because they had my favorite pumpkin beer on tap: Braaiiins  by Spring House(Lancaster Co.) The beer had a strange sourness to it. I'm thinking the taps weren't clean or the keg was sitting too long. Either way the beer tasted nothing like I remembered . Had a pint  elsewhere last night of Braaiiins, and it was great! Not planning on returning anytime soon.My wife and I stumbled upon Bierstube on the way to the Arden Theater. We ordered perogies, potato pancakes, schnitzel, spaetzle, and red cabbage. The portions were not only large they were extremely tasty. When we walked into the restaurant U2 was playing although not to loud. All in all this is a good joint where the locals feel comfortable relaxing and grabbing a comfortable drink and meal.Food was exceptional excellent German cuisine . Service is another story had ask manager to send server to table to take food order. Place was busy but not to the point where you should wait  a half an hour between being served a beverage and being able to place a food order. I watched a family of four get up walk out because no one came to their table. If I was the owner of this business I would make some changes. To many employees walking around not paying attention to customers.Want to meet strange people. Just hang out at the Bierstube bar. I had a ball (or two). One guy was stressing that he actually was working here. Good sign (or sad sign) when people hang out at their work place during off time. The next one was advertising his drug habit (no signs that he actually did any drugs bedsides beer). 
Wow - What an entertaining evening. 
BTW - The Spätzle were fantastic, although one serving would have been enough for half a soccer team.A buddy and I decided to give this place a shot. The place is big with a lot of seating, as well as outsidr seating. The bartender at the bar was helpful explaining certain beers if you had questions. The beer list is massive and you should be able to find something you'll like. I ordered the bacon and cheese spatzle and it wasn't bad, very gooey. The food did take awhile, about over a half hour, to come out. It is still a cool place to get a drink from a huge list of beers!Beginning from the start we had problems because my party of 10 reservation at 7 pm didn't get seated for an hour. Lateness for 5, 10, even 15 minutes is okay but an hour?! There are too many places in Philly to eat and try out to bother with this funk. The excuse was that there was a smaller party that had been there since 3 (that's 5 hours!) and weren't moving. Um, what were they demonstrating some sort of protest?! Were they renting the restaurant?! Grab a pair and let people know ahead of time that a reservation is coming in after you. Coordinate, kids. My guess is that they actually forgot about our reservation. 
Once we sat we ordered 3 pretzel bite apps but 2 came out. It wasn't a big deal because we all could just share but what bugs me is we had no plates, no silverware or even napkins. 
The food itself was American pub style more than German and in no way is any of it authentic. Burgers, grilled cheese, fries, sausages, salad, platters, spaetzle and perogies are the menu. The beer choices were nice and one of the pluses to coming here.
The pretzel bites were served with two types of dips--- cheesy and a grainy mustard. Everyone at the table really liked the bites and they definitely cured the angry hungry person syndrome we were all coping with! Hooray for bar food. 
The platters seemed to look the best and came with a variety. The burger eaters all went for a pretzel bun, bacon burger, standard toppings and along with a side of thick cut French fries. I ordered a spaetzle with shortrib, tomato and caramelized onion. It was not my favorite and should have been more of a side dish. The dish itself reminded me of a hamburger helper mix. Grump face!
The last problem was the bathroom. Whoa, buddy. It was one stall, coed and looked like a bomb went off. BOTH trash cans were full so trash was on the ground, soap was all over the sink and the floor was wet. I don't want to imagine the kitchen. 
I always try to end bad situations on a positive note but all I've got is: good beer and pretzel bites. Pass on this one for a meal.Delicious food. The brautwursts were fantastic. They are grilled, not boiled so they have a crispy skin. The flavor is wonderful and the large side of mustard is a great compliment. There is bacon in the sauerkraut and even though I love kraut as is, it did not take away from an enjoyable side dish. 
My friend was taken back by the red cabbage side. How do they make it?!
My other two friends had more American food (wings and a burger). Both were pleased. They joined so two of us could eat some damn good German food.
Our server was perplexingly slow. We thought he was the only one working, but that was not the case. Nothing that would stop me from going next time. 
All tables have access to an unsightly outlet and USB charging ports right behind the bench seating. But with the food tasting that good and the variety of fabulous beers, no one seems to care what it looks like. And what a bonus to the bartender who won't be bothered by the 'running low on battery' crew. Or forgetting your phone that's charging at the bar. Modern conveniences...We called to make a reservation for my bachelorette party for 13 and they took the reservation over the phone. When we arrived, we were told they never logged it in the system and we should have used Opentable. We would have used it if that's what they told us on the phone! They said the wait was an hour and we tried to order a drink at the bar. The bartender snapped at us and we left. I've never been at a place so rude.For my birthday I made a reservation here for the maximum number of people possible through OpenTable (18 or 24 or something). If we had actually wanted to sit down to a meal, this would have been a problem. The space designated for the group was the under bar in the rathskellar, and we would not have been able to sit down until over an hour into the reservation. 
However, aside from randoms and a smaller party taking up half the tables for a while, we had full run of the bar down there. It's smaller in the basement, and the bartender was great. It seemed like everyone enjoyed themselves, and I certainly did. Good food, good drink, a bunch of my friends? Success. I even enjoyed the somewhat cliche 00s music.
Let's talk about the food, shall we? The pierogies were pretty good. The potato latkes and Belgian frites were 100% tasty. The pretzel with mustard and cheese was fresh and toothsome. I heard the shnitzel and sausages were good. I had a burger and it was pretty solid. Not gonna list all the beverages of the night, but I was pretty pleased on the whole.I can't say much as I only stopped by for a beer with a friend. However, we got seated outside and it took 10 minutes for the casually dressed girl at the table next to us to stop talking with her friend and say "have you seen menus?" We said no thinking it was a customer and she said we need to leave as seating is for customers only. We corrected ourselves and she got us menus but kept walking away everytime me or my friend started to speak. Was not the best first experience.Jerry: I don't understand. Do you have my reservation?
Rental Car Agent: We have your reservation, we just ran out of cars.
Jerry: But the reservation keeps the car here. That's why you have the reservation.
Rental Car Agent: I think I know why we have reservations.
Jerry: I don't think you do. You see, you know how to *take* the reservation, you just don't know how to *hold* the reservation. And that's really the most important part of the reservation: the holding. Anybody can just take them.
That exchange from an episode of Seinfeld sums up my most recent experience at Bierstube. I came in with a bachelorette party on a rainy Saturday in June. One of the bridesmaids had called earlier to make a reservation, as we were a large group, and they took her reservation over the phone.  When we arrived, the host told us that the reservation was never logged it in the system and we should have used Opentable. Despite explaining that the person who took the phone call mentioned nothing about using Opentable, the host simply reiterated his statement. The wait was an hour, so we decided to park ourselves near the bar. After a few minutes, the bartender told us, "it'll be a while, guys" in an exasperated, condescending tone. We left after that.Cool place, great menu, friendly staff and good overall atmosphere.  My wings could have used another 30 seconds on the fryer but overall they were good- try the sweet heat sauce!Went in for post-work drinks on Friday at 5pm in an 8 person group. It was empty enough that we had several choices on where to sit. The outlets along the walls weren't working which was a disappointment. Our server was helpful and did a good job remember all of our orders but there was a pretty big discrepancy in pours. My friend and I had the same type of glass and priced beer but mine was a good half inch smaller than hers.The beer list is incredible here, but the happy hour and atmosphere have a lot to be desired.  The happy hour looks pretty good, and seven days a week is a great draw, but it's not really a great deal (go to the Irish Pol if you want a crazy happy hour).  I enjoyed the food here, but I agree with another reviewer that the descriptions are better than the food itself.Unlike most of the reviewers, I wasn't disappointed with the food. Though I would have preferred homemade soft pretzels rather than the frozen kind, the dips in the app were delicious. 
I had the knackwurst and it was good. 
The beer selection was ample, but being lunch time, I didn't get to sample much of it.Drinks are good, unfortunately food is not. But it's a bar...and greasy food might be ok after 3+ drinks. Nice atmosphere and the ATM did not workThe best beer selection in the city, period.  I also really love the vibe of the staff here too.  I noticed some complaints about long waits for service, and I don't think that's a very fair statement.  Bierstube is the kind of place you go with friends when you want to just chill and enjoy good beers and food over an afternoon or evening. 
Every time I've been here the staff has always been very engaging with customers.  Has it taken longer than usual to get drinks and food delivered?  Sure, absolutely it has.   Simply put,  If you're looking for a quick 1 hour dinner and beer go somewhere else.  If you're looking to enjoy the company of friends over extremely hard to find beers, and very unique german fare, come here.  Who cares if it takes an extra 30 minutes than usual.  
If you're complaining about spending a little bit longer around your friends when surrounded by rare beer, get new interesting friends, don't take it out on the restaurant and staff.Pretty mediocre. Expected more from the spaetzle with cheese but got a mushy thing with monstrous levels of garlic. That's authentic German. 
Beer list was good, wine was a bit pricey for what you got. If you're visiting I would pick someplace else.This is a great bar! It appears to have the entire Eulogy beer menu -- being that it's a sister bar to it -- without the crowd. We were here twice and it's very spacious, staff was very friendly, and the food was great! Bratwurst and pretzel bites were both good.
With regard to some of the other reviews, I thought the bathroom was fine. We spent some time here twice on my visit up here, and I didn't notice anything wrong about it. I agree that this isn't five-star dining - it's an alehouse (that's what the name means!), and it has food there. T
his is not where I would go just to eat, but if drinking is also on the menu, we're going to come back! (Well, I know we will -- Philly Beer Week 2014!)Went here on a date for some day drinking.  Had awesome company and pretty much the bar to ourselves for the most part.  The bartender suggested a couple sour beers to me based off my first beer that I ordered. I liked that he was pretty aware of what I liked based off of that and offered up a great suggestion.  We had quite a few beers here and the tab wasn't that bad at all. 
Will absolutely be back, especially for the cutie bartender playing awesome music. heh.Awsome place, great selection of beer, Belgian beer- try it it's awsomeI was pleasantly surprised by the craft beer selection here. A keg of Pliny the Younger drew me in, but the Bell's Hopslam and Stone Enjoy by 4/20 kept me there way longer than I thought I'd stay.
So those beers are pretty rare and limited seasonality, but I would have pegged Bierstube as a place strictly serving German beers.
I can't speak to the food or much of the service, but I'd keep it on my radar if I'm in Old City and looking for a good beer.Bottom Line: Bierstube is one of my favorite bars in Philadelphia.  I have been to this bar several times since May and have never been disappointed.
Beer Selection:  Everyone agrees that this is solid.  AND IT IS!  They always have a great selection that has many different taste-options ( nothing personally pisses me off more than a draft list that has too many of the same kinds of beer....especially if it's all stouts or IPAs).  If you don't see something new and fancy, they always have trusty ol' Franziskaner to fall back on.  I tried a Dirty Deutsch, which is a Bierstube bartender creation, of half-Hefeweizen and half-Framboise.  It was absolutely delicious and upon first sip I proclaimed "Oh god, I could happily get drunk on these forever."  Can't find something on draft?  It's cool, bro!  They've got an awesome bottle list too.
Food Selection:  I ALWAYS start with the Winzig Pretzels, they're delicious pretzel with three awesome sauces...my personal favorite being the Asian soy/gingery one.  So far, that's the extent of the Asian fusion that I've seen in any of the food.  I've had the grilled cheese and schnitzel sandwiches in the past and found them both awesome and filling.  I like that the schnitzel sandwiches come with 2 pieces of schnitzel each and really tasty french fries.  I will say that the prices seem a bit steep, but the portions are fair.
I've never witnessed any dry-humping by the bartenders, only friendly personalities.  One time I was there and my boy and I were the only people in the bar and we had a really great conversation with the bartender.  Went last Friday and it was super busy, but all of the bartenders stopped at least once to ask how our food was and checked up on beer refills with perfect timing.The bar itself was cool. Friday night and not that crowded. I was a party of one and had the choice of seating outside, at the high top or the bar, I was told low tables were for 2 or more. I am basing the food on what I remember from living in southern Bavaria near Augsburg Germany. Everything was bland and over cooked. The schinzal was most inside however the breading was burnt around the edges and hard. Cabbage was mush along with the spatzle.Vinnie is the BEST bartender in Philly. He can work a full bar like no other.  The beer selection is phenomenal, atmosphere chill and relaxed.Came here a couple months ago to meet up with a couple of friends. Since it was new, I guess they hadn't really picked up a crowd yet. We were the only people in the bar. The beer list is very extensive. (One of those overwhelming ones where I blindly choose.) The bartender recommended a beer that apparently has one of the highest scores in the world. It was good but a little too fruity (banana) for my taste. But the food menu is concise and seems delicious. I got the perogie platter, which comes with sautéed garlicky spinach. It was amazing, but unfortunately the sour cream was melting from the heat of the perogies. It should be served separately.My wife and i were trying to find a place for dinner when we stumbled across this place. We initially tried Marmont. But service was long so we decided to bolt and find another place. Boy was that turned out to be a good call as we came across this place 2 doors away. The beer mussel was what drawn us in and that turned out to be an excellent dish. I also tried the german burger which was just ok. Beer was excellent though and we'll be sure to stop by here again.Good beer selection, except when they run out. Awesome most amazing potato pancakes in the world, great frits, schnitzel, brats... basically great food. Unfortunately, the service almost always is slow and horrendous.... busy or not. Better service would find me there more often.These guys had 3 different octoberfests that were all on special for $3. All excellent. The pretzel nuggets w beer cheese sauce and mustard really took the cake tho - probably the best pretzels ive ever had. Large portions too!I had a so so experience the first time i was here but after returning i must say i was much more impressed.  they boast they have a better beer list than brauhaus which just isnt true.  with that being said, i find that their prices are more reasonable.  liters of paulaner pils, franziskaner hefe, kostritzer schwarzbier and hofbrau original are all like $10-11.  These are normally $14+ or so at frankford hall/brauhaus.  We had the pretzel bites which came out with two mustards which were both outstanding, one of which made me cry it was so spicy. All in all we had a great time and I'll be back for more $10 liters soon!Sitting outside was the best! Though it is a little loud on Market St, it was great. They have a good beer list on tap and the food was great! The burger was surprisingly flavorful and very moist. The service was okay but nothing to complain too much about. Nice place for a drink or just hang out.