Went here after viewing he reviews and other options were closed on a Sunday night. I had the fish tacos, my boyfriend had a burger and we shared fries. EVERYTHING was delicious. The tacos were very fresh, and the burger tasted home made. The fries looked hand cut and the service was good. I would definitely go back soon.Billy Murphys is a family owned neighborhood corner bar. You won't see any gastro fusions, pairings, and small plates of anything. But you will be treated like family. The food is exactly what it should be, great prices, great potions, top notch pub fair. The tap list and bottles will surprise you, they have a great selection. The bartenders remember your name and make sure that you're taken care of. I really love it here and will continue to return for the great vibe and diverse cast of characters that come through on any given night.This bar is always at the top of their game. Top notch kitchen help sets the bar for local bar food. Beer selection has evolved incredibly over the past few years. That's  the black and white. What makes this famous neighborhood spot great is the warm family feel. Billy (RIP) Patty and Mike continue the 30 plus year tradition of making you feel welcome from your first  visit. This is a great place to grab a quiet afternoon beer or meal or a fun friendly Bonjovi free night to meet old and new friends. Multiple well positioned TVs, make this sports friendly bar a great place to catch college or pro games. Bartenders know the beer and are pleasant.  Vegans will be as pleased as Burger and Cheesesteak lovers. Try the Chicken Pot Pie, Turf Burger or Pig Wings. Age runs the gamut which is nice.By far the best bar in all of east falls. When you go to Murphys you know what your going to get. Great food, good service and an old school bar feel. All types of different craft  beers to choose from and the food is the best bar food around. Turf burger has been voted best burger in the city and you really can't go wrong with anything on there menu to be honest. Definitely need to try the potato cut fries with aoli sauce!Hands down one of the best burgers i have ever had in my life. The turf burger is no joke. Burger tuesdays with beer specials.. cant beat thatGreat food, homey neighborhood pub atmosphere, good prices.
Every time I go I like it better. And I usually don't go to these kind of places.
It's "Cheers" in real life. They only take cash so bring your Alexander HamiltonsCold beer and goid pub grub. A match made in heaven. Guiness on tap with a great selection of craft beers to boot.If you want great food and cool people then check this place out. It's low key but quality..be prepared to become a regular.This bar made us permanent residents of East Falls. You make a new friend every time you go in, the beer prices are extremely fair, and the food is fantastic! I can't stress enough how friendly everyone is here, from bartenders to patrons! Make sure you try a turf burger, the sweet potato fries, or the under appreciated turkey special! You really can't go wrong. Keep up the good work, Murphs!Murph's is a fun and relaxed place to drink a pitcher.  Has an old-time vibe and friendly bartenders.I can't believe I have never reviewed this place as I am a regular patron (Duchess, according to Yelp).  It's my local addiction.  
The food alone is a reason to go - brilliant pub grub. Wing night Wednesday has been a favorite for years.  $5 Burger Tuesday has you eating on a dime.  Get the Turf Burger - signature for Billy Murphy's - bacon, jalape単os, aioli & caramelized onion.  Sinful but worth the splurge - especially when it's the special.  My latest addiction has been the pork carnitas tacos with lime and cilantro.  Fries always come with aioli sauce for dipping and they're fabulous! The food is always consistently good and the portions are pleasing. 
Complimenting the food is the knowledgeable and friendly staff who are usually flat to the mat because it gets packed for these special nights.  Just the same, they always deliver service with a smile.  It seats about 60 or so - some tables to dine and a large free-form bar.  They have a digital jukebox and some TVs. It's kinda dark and unchanged since it opened, likely. It's pretty standard but just a great dive bar with no real frills other than being a great meet spot in the neighborhood.  They have reasonable prices and a great draft and bottle selection sure to please most.  (I had a pear cider tonight that was yum!) Full glasses and happy, familiar faces are a sure thing.  They have added, fairly recently, an outdoor deck that is welcoming, too. 
I can't say enough good about the place.  It reads like a photo album of friends as there's historical photos from all the years past.  Even if you are not from the neighborhood, you can feel the East Falls love that continues to perpetuate the friendly vibe that makes such a sweet meet spot.An East Falls favorite! Parking sucks, but it's pretty great once you get inside. Somehow they're always packed. Go for Wing Night. Decent wings and fast service. They regularly rotate the beers they have on tap and always make great selections. Even if you don't like what is on tap, they have about 30-40 different types of beer in the fridge. 
Last but not least. Try the deep fried Fluffer Nutter. You'll thank me later. I bet you can't have just one.Burger night is incredible here, as well as the great rotation of brews. Only downside is seating is limitedWent for a late lunch on a Thursday. A few people seated at the bar. Ordered the Turf Burger and a side of fries ($11). Ate every last bite and was stuffed. Burger was very good. Only sticking point was that it was just a tad greasy but with bacon and fried onions, what can you expect, right? Fries were fresh cut style and were great as well. For $5 on Tuesdays, I may have to revisit and bring some friends.I have spent more time than I care to admit at Murphy's and I don't think I've ever had a bad time. The staff is friendly with just the right amount of sarcastic comments thrown in. The food is pretty standard bar food, but it's always tasty and priced right. My favorite is a turkey sandwich on rye toast (for real) and their cheesesteaks rival some of the more well known haunts. Be prepared to spend more time than you were planning if you stop in.Burgers are huge!! So good!! Freshly cut fries & sweet potato fries with honey sauce so delicious. Good selection of craft beers.Best burgers, good beer, good company. If you want to go to a bar and feel at home, come to Murphys!Love this place!  Came for Tues. night trivia (8:30); got here early to find great $3.50 beer selection that included Yards (which is $5.00/pint and up at the brewery).  Very good wings (10 for $9) and breast meat "chingers" for those like me who like wings but not the mess. Love the cozy atmosphere and retro music (Stones, Pink Floyd, Neil Young) and the young but friendly staff.I have been going to Billy Murphy's for over 20 years.  Everyone is welcome.  People come from all over to this place and keep coming back.  It is friendly and the food is great (cheese steaks are top notch).  
I used to go there with my parents as a regular stop and every time I meet my friends from high school or my brothers we go to Billy's.
Billy's son Michael is now active in the business and he is doing well in updating and brightening up the place.
Also good for kids for lunch or an early dinner.  My children have good there since they were little and my oldest recently turned 21 and guess where I am taking her for her first beer with me?
Try this place, it will become one of your standards.Great place to grab a drink. People are great and the food is amazing. The turf burger is out of this world and don't forget to try the pig wings. Murphy's is a weekly stop for me. All of the employees are very personable. Would recommend to anyone looking for a laid back good time and bite to eat.Great beer selection, good local crowd, and some of the best bar food anywhere.  Their pig wings, nachos, and chicken cheesesteaks are top notch.  The chicken cheesesteak uses breast cutlets as opposed to chicken steak um.  I like the wings the vast majority of the time, but 2 times out of 10 there is something off about them.  Turf burger is excellent as well, and so are their fries.  This is one of my favorite places period.Its St. Paddy's Day. Time to get started.  All the typical Irish beers. A fine pint of Guinness and awaiting corn beef and cabbage.Wish I wouldve found out about this place alot sooner The atmosphere reminded me alot like places Ive been in Boston, South Philly, FishtownI travel allot and am always in search of the perfect "Cheers" wherever I go.  Billy Murphy's is by far the place I can say best exemplifies the perfect local spot.  The staff truly carries the long historic history this place has of being your local hangout.  I am so happy to live so close to such a great gathering of neighbors and food!Great food. $4 burger special on Tuesdays. Killer onion rings. Friendly staff, good service.Easily my favorite bar. If you want a genuine neighborhood feel, good service, good food, and good alcohol prices, go to Murphys. Blue collar bar just like you would hope for in your neighborhood. Go on weds for the wings specials and you wont be disappointed, trust me.Great for a local, neighborhood bar in East Falls.  Pretty cheap booze. Everyone there is friendly. You can get an omelet with home-fries for Sunday brunch for $4. AND IT'S AMAZING! They don't even have a brunch menu, it's all verbalized. Bartenders are hilarious and down to earth. 
I definitely recommend giving this place a whirl...Weds night wing special is best around. Great flavors(Hot, Barbeque & hot-beque) and the wings are always cooked perfect. Crispy and no stringy fat like most cheap wing places. It gets crowded and during peak hours it can be a long wait but its well worth it.The best wings in town on Wednesday nights. That guy can cook. When he's not there...the wings aren't so good.
Great atmosphere.Here I am writing reviews of all of my local favorites and have neglected to acknowledge the one I visit the most...yep, Murphy's.
I first came across Murphy's when I was working at a school nearby.  We were planning an event and I was looking for sponsorship.  I dealt with Mikey (son), for the most part, but also dealt with Billy a little bit.  They're both great and so is the bar.  They gladly helped me out and continue to support the school long after I moved on.
I've lived in and around the neighborhood for some time and, to varying degrees, have always been a patron.  My favorite things about it:  the staff and customers and convenience to home.  
I rarely eat there (besides the delicious pickle spears), but always hear rave reviews of the food (pub fare, as someone else mentioned).  Unlike the other yelper, I would argue that there is a good beer selection - if not on tap than bottled.  Go for the beer, a Bloody Mary or a simple cocktail as there is a very limited wine selection.Murphy's is a staple and comes highly recommended by anyone in the area.  Love a bar with wood paneling, nice people and good food.  Everyone who works here/hangs out is so friendly. They have a nice bottle selection, some decent beers on tap, and the food, especially for bar food, is really pretty great.  Probably the best spot to go hang out for a drink in EF.Classic Neighborhood pub with not just good but great sandwiches and ice cold beer on tap. The Roast beef sandwich is mouth watering. This place has the same decor for the last 30 years, as far as I'm concerned it's a landmark! My father went to school with the late Billy Murphy may he RIP. Nice to see Irish sessions on Thursday night, I will have to stop by for a song.Went to Billy's for the first time last night, which was wing night. The bar was crowded and there were only 2 bartenders but the food was worth the wait. Burgers were FANTASTIC and the wings were great. Pumpkin beer selection was impressive and I will definitely make this a regular stop since I live right up the street.I went for turf burger Tuesday to meet a friend of mine who is a local. I have to say, one of if not the best burger I have ever had. This place is great value for what you get. All three of us drank and ate and the bill was like $38. The bar is cash only so have cash with you. Awesome local spot though. You'd probably drive by it 9/10 times and never know it was there. It's a dive bar atmosphere with plenty of great beers on tap.This place was a recommendation from my uncle who would always stop by to say hello to his friend, the late Mr. Murphy. As an East Fallser of the past 5 years, I found this place to be my second home and great place to catch a beer while waiting for the train. The friendly patrons make it easy to find yourself in conversation and keeps the atmosphere fun and and warmly welcoming. 
The food is actually pretty good and Murphy (the owner) always makes us feel at home. The pictures covering the walls are a reminder of good times passed. Wing night is our weekly staple and love to see and meet new friends every week. 
A bit retro? Yes, but the old school atmosphere is more inviting than most people are used to. Be sure to bring cash as they are not credit card friendly. Good tunes are always played and good times are always shared. I consider this my favorite neighborhood bar in Philadelphia!Went around 12 in the afternoon and they had a little lunch crowd maybe coming from work like me and my friends! I had onion rings and they were hot, crunchy and just amaze balls! The cause they came with was OK I opted for the honey mustard that came with my codon bleu sandwich which was just delish! I'm definitely going back to try these pig wings that the other reviewer's are talking about! The prices are pretty fair $50 for 3 ppl!!! Fuqn sweeeet!! And they had Strongbow hard cider! Yummerzz!
 Almost forgot about the bar maid who was really nice and funny as hell!Avoid city crowds
Indian Head and Conrad
Don't bring your judgement
This isn't a college bar, it's a longstanding neighborhood establishment where being a local is respected and appreciated. Bill Murphy crafted a great watering hole rife with Philadelphia paraphernalia. No, not Phillies banners, but sculling oars, track photos of smiling high schoolers, and thank you plaques from sponsored teams. It's the place Applebee's wishes they could be with those high school coach commercials, only real.
Iron workers, end of shift nurses and local drinkers who arrived on foot are the regular crowd. You can come here with a group and be assured that, unless it's St. Patrick's day, you'll find a table and a quiet place to talk, play darts, or watch a game. You won't find any Bon Jovi on the jukebox, either, which is pretty amazing in this city.
Birthdays and Mondays are celebrated alike here, with pitchers of Yuengling and baskets of fries and wings. The beer and booze selection isn't overwhelming, just the standards. The menu matches The soup is homemade and delicious, and your whole bill won't set you back more than $20.
Really, the strength of Billy Murphy's, and the reason if you come once you'll come again, is the community atmosphere. If you just want to catch a drink or go out with your friends, you'll never feel like an outsider here. A few college students mingle with regular working folks all enjoying the best of East Falls.Best spot in town. Can't ask for anything more from a neighborhood watering hole. Loving recent changes of outdoor seating & brunch. Prices are completely reasonable (maybe even low). Service is quick and friendly (they'll remember your name/preferences after a couple visits)Food is incredible and without a doubt, prob the best takeout spot in the area. You have to pick up, but it's so worth it!  Nothing like biting into a big plate of fries and onion rings and hearing the crunch!  Know what's even better, the dipping sauces they pair w both. Finger licking good!The epitome of the homey neighborhood bar. Great selection. Excellent bar food. Friendly service. Nice mix of clientele. The wings are good, but the secret star is their cheesesteaks. You'll feel at home here for sure.With apologies to "Cheers", if you want to go to a place "where everybody knows your name and is glad to see you"  go on down to this place. It is a real "joint" and I mean that only in the best way.  Great old-fashioned place, and I know whereof I speak being in my seventh decade.  All ages, every kind of patron.  Want a great roast beef sandwich with horse radish and a mug of beer, this is the place!!!I don't live in East Falls but I grew up close by. Friends and I met up at Billy Murphy's for some drinks, food and catching up. I had a great time. Great food! Great atmosphere. Whenever I go to visit my friends in East Falls we always go to Billy Murphy's to hang out!Fantastic, friendly place to go & enjoy a great food and a cold beer. Brought my senior parents, who can be picky. My father ordered the Liverwurst Sandwich. He said it was the "best he's ever had." I ordered fish tacos and they were delicious. And it wasn't loud. We could hear each other. But it also was a week night.This place is a hidden JEM! The burger is something I will be talking about for weeks! My husband loves the pig wings. I am from north Jersey but have made it here twice in a week. It is that good. Not fancy but don't be fooled by eating food in a basket! It belongs on China plates! I will be back as soon as I come to Philadelphia again.OMG the turf burger is LIFE!!!
So glad to have this place in my neighborhood. I'm not big on bars these days, but I love pub fare. 
Yelp wants me to write more.
Ummm...just get the damn turf burger. Like, do it. Then, join a gym, or start mountain biking over in Wissahickon so you can work up to a cheat day and get this thing, and not feel guilty about its deliciousness. It was so good. Okay, I cried while eating it. Yes, it's THAT good.Happy people. You enjoy being there and make friends easily when you go. The food is amazingly delicious.Best neighborhood bar in Philadelphia. Great food, awesome beer selection, and friendly staff. Cool mix of people and no Bon Jovi.Found this place using Yelp while on business in the area.  I like to find a new Irish Pub wherever I visit to try a Guinness.  Billy Murphy's might have the BEST burger I have ever had!!  Napkin dispenser came in handy and the fries were hand cut.  By the way, the Guinness was delicious.  Definitely coming back when I'm in town.As a fan of good neighborhood bars, Billy Murphy's Irish Saloonery is a good as it gets.
Located in East Falls, both worth the trip.
Good food, inexpensive drinks, and you are actually able to have a conversation with the people next to you.
If you happen to be in East Falls, stop by and have a pint.Food: 2/2
Service: 1.5/1.5
Value: 1.5/1.5
Total: 5/5
First off - CASH ONLY establishment.  They do have an ATM, but unless you like buying your money, bring some tangible currency, folks.
My wife and I finally made it out to this place, and we were back within 24 hours for a follow-up visit.  We had the delightful server, Dan, who was both pleasant and nonintrusive.  If you're lucky, he will even sing your order back to you.  
Unbeknownst to us, we were there for $5.00 burger night - that's any burger for a mere $5.00.  I went with the Turf, and my wife (who has Siliacs) got the same without a bun, which was a sincere loss as these are Le Bus buns, which rule.
Our second visit was on 50 cent wing-night.  Unfortunately, 50 Cent was nowhere to be seen, but the wings (10 'hot' and 10 honey BBQ - the hot were delicious, but hardly spicy) were wonderful.  Additionally, since we're a couple of chubsters, I got the Von Hayes sandwich (basically a cheesesteak with caramelized onions, 'salami' that may have just been pork roll, and a wonderful aioli), which I adored, and my wife tried their chicken nachos which were fine.
As for the alcoholic beverages - my wife and I don't drink.  Now that I have lost half of the audience that read even this far, it appeared that they had a nice variety of drinks at reasonable prices, including something with grapefruit in it and an array of microbrews.  And, for what it's worth, their Cherry Coke ratio of soda to grenadine is stellar.
All the while, we were able to watch the Olympics on several of the TVs posted around the building.  While the crowd didn't seem particularly invested in the games, I imagine this would be a great place to watch a Philadelphia playoff game - all we need is a professional sports team to make it to the playoffs.
Let me be clear here.  This place is exactly what you would expect from an "Irish Saloon."  It's cramped, with fattening, often greasy food.  You are going to sit near other people.  You will certainly hear some of, if not all of Sugar Ray's musical catalog.  And above all else, you are going to stuff your face with fare that no doctor would recommend.  It is because all of these things that I cannot recommend this establishment enough.  You will have a lovely night out with delicious food, service, and entertainment, all of which can be yours for a few bucks.Who the heck is Billy Murphy!? That's what I want to know! 
Billy Murphy's Irish Saloon is a rewarding all around hang out. Hidden in the hills of East Falls, it wins where a lot of local pubs don't. For starters the food is filling, fun, and creative. If you don't think it is, at least you can order food later than most, until 1 am and you can't argue with that! 
Additionally Billy's has your typical beer selection, but also has a nice choice of bottled craft beer. I think that's smart. Too much craft beer, or too much of your daddy's beer is going to make me get out the paddy! But having a nice selection across the bored is great for all people and all occasions. That's what life is all about! People and occasions!
The environment is fun. There are some classic elements like a jukebox, games, a cigarette machine, and more. Most importantly I enjoy the wide open bar. I can see anyone in the place. It's easy to talk to people and it makes the room feel bigger, eliminating that stuffy saloon look.
Service was excellent and the bartender was down to earth.
Good times.Great local, family-owned neighborhood bar.  Murphy's team is top-notch, and wing night should not be missed. Traditional menu done right. Fun place to grab a drink with friends if you want a no-hassle after work drink or night out.Great food, good beer, and a guaranteed joyous time. The crab cake sandwich possibly is the best in the city.This place rocks! Reasonable prices for delicious bar food. Get their fries!! They are cash only but they have an ATM inside. Please remember to ask for a price on the take out beer before choosing... Other than spending more than intended on the takeout beer i love this place. Funny but good mix of people, and all staff i have encountered have been super nice friendly and attentive.Perfect neighborhood bar.  We stopped here after a visit to Chestnut Hill and we were very happy with our decision.  The interior bar is huge and they also have tables and outdoor seating as well so finding a seat was easy enough.  The bartender was personable, kind, and gave us just the right amount of attention without being too much in our business (my biggest pet peeve with bartenders sometimes).  The cherry on top was the great price for Bluecoat gin, my favorite, and only $5 here!! We will definitely be back on a Sunday to try their pig wings special, which is $2.50 a wing, their regular price was $12 for 3, which seemed a little high, so a Sunday trip it is.Delicious burger with fried onion, bacon , cheese and jalape単o peppers. Woohoo, quite a mouthful.
Fish tacos were fresh and tasty with avocado and nachos were covered with pork, cheese , beans with salsa and sour cream. 
We were satisfied and happy eaters !Decided to go here for lunch Thursday since I just started a job in the area and it was in walking distance (About 10 minutes which is totally dependent if you're going up or downhill. Lulz. And, why are there many sections of this 'hood with no sidewalk...) 
Though I am a South Philly girl, I definitely dig the local vibe as it isn't much different from my neighborhood. Perhaps even a little more welcoming. There was atleast 6-7 people in there besides myself and the guy in charge which is pretty sizeable for some places even at Happy Hour. Let alone around 2 PM. 
The bartender was great and made sure I was taken care of the entire time. A "small" order of sweet potato fries (the brown sugar, syrupy sauce they come with is glorious) and two beers (PBR can+ bottle of Coors Light at $3 & $3.50 respectively) came to a little under $10 before tip. 
The only thing is beer prices around here (19148) are a little cheaper. Coors Light Bottles are $3 most spots and you can also get the former for $2 at many places as a pint. Still not too bad, though. I would definitely want to see how the weekend vibe is. Hopefully, it keeps its Irish corner spot charm and doesn't become like nearby Manayunk's Main Street. Never been, but, I've seen d-bag central before elsewhere.Amazing wings! The French fries with aioli are also great too! Just recently tried the pig wings and they're also really good. The atmosphere is good to enjoy watching a game and the food makes you want to come back ASAP!Stumbled upon this after missing the train to a concert... Bartenders were so welcoming and funny - very accommodating. Will return when back in the areaPretty classic dive bar. You'll probably never drive by this place, because there is nothing nearby. Burgers looked incredible, and were on sale for $5 on Tues., but I couldn't pass up the "pig wings" at $12. Slow roasted pork shanks, flash fried before serving and topped with hot or BBQ sauce (or a combo.) I went with hot. VERY filling. Hand cut Russet fries were superfluous, but I'm glad I got them (a reasonable $2.00 for a nice sized small order.) Sweet potato fries are a buck extra. I'll be back to try the burgers. They also had a deep-fried Fluffernutter on special today, but I passed.
Service was friendly, but laid back.  Lots of regulars here.  I expect to become one.We came into the bar and did not know what to expect- but we hoped so much for the best based on previous Yelp records.  Upon arrival, we had to ask fellow patrons what to do because the bartenders were ignoring us.  Finally, we sat down at a table and studied the food and drink list for a while. Eventually, we were acknowledged.  After that point we were taken care of, but it was haphazard. The food was good but not amazing. I was disappointed, based on prior reviews, to say the least. The beer list was decent.Essentially the platonic ideal of what a neighborhood bar should be. A fairly priced rotating selection of draft beers that range from dependable at worst to sublime at best, plus a varied selection of bottles and cans. An across-the-board friendly staff and regulars. Excellent bang-for-your-buck bar food, including the best burger in East Falls (and among the best you'll find in any Philly bar) and their famous pig wings, a staple of football Sundays.
The decor is old school with a familiar charm, like an extended family collage that keeps building upon itself as time marches on. Tuesday's quizzo night is challenging and competitive, and also represents the night of the burger and beer of the month special. There's always solid alternative or classic rock on, and a jukebox if you're so inclined to spice up the selection a bit.
Because of the wide range of positives, it's easy to settle into Murphy's in any scenario from family dining to a casual date to watching sports on their many TVs. The bar's popularity is its only drawback; on a busy night, the bar fills up without much trouble. It's also cash only, but there is an ATM on the premises.Came here after work yesterday looking for a quick bite and a few drinks with a friend. Lucky us - it was burger night.. so we both ordered burgers (a veggie and a regular, Billy maybe?) and a side of fries. Both of our burgers were delicious, especially for the price- and the drinks were just as good. Very friendly bartenders and crowd. I will definitely be returning!Greatest bar on earth.  It was a home away from home.Burger Tuesday is a given. Burger ala billy.  Then there is the crab cakes over a bed of fresh spinach....with a lemon dressing.  Just when I thought it could not get better I switched to fish and chips....cod light with fresh cut fries...love the food and the staff.  The owner is not to bad either..I drag my friends here when we want a bite and brew.Best. Bar. Ever.  Mike is the friendliest, most hardworking, caring, bar owner that I have ever seen!  The rest of the staff is awesome too.  My husband and I came here to celebrate our engagement and we were greeted with complimentary Guinness ALL NIGHT LONG!  The turf burger is epic, and worth the drive from our new place in the burbs. This is the quintessential neighborhood dive bar,  where everyone knows your name.  I love bringing friends from out of town here.  Everyone  swears it's the best  Guinness outside of Dublin!  I can't say enough great things about this bar!Great bar!!! It's old school and original. Hit the wing night it's a good time. Chicken cheese steaks are greatI work at the East Falls center and wanted to find a place that was close and had good food. We took a walk and found this place. It happened to be Tuesday and they had burgers as their special. My friend got a burger and I got the fish and chips. The fish was a light ale battered cod, served with handcut fries and homemade cocktail and tartar sauce. The burger looked really good. It wasnt a frozen patty that you'd expect. I was a nice sized burger for only $4! This place  also had a variety of bottled beers and very reasonable draft beers. I will definitely go back.Awesome bar! The place has a great vibe, relaxed, good classic rock music selection not too loud, and the food is great! I go for the city wide (beer and a shot $5) and the Von Hayes sandwich. People who work here are good people. Come here and you will not be disappointed.Nice neighborhood bar.  As a resident of another neighborhood, I felt completely comfortable here.  Nice crowd. Good food and beer too. Wish they'd serve fries with the burgers though.  Gotta order separately.So if your looking for a great cheese steak you obviously go to your local Irish pub, right?  I never would have before but now I am hooked on there cheessteak with french fries, and don't forget to ask for the rose petal dipping sauce a great horseradish concoction for dipping your fries.
The bartenders are great people and super accommodating with the TV selection.  The tapped beer selection is a little weak but just look in the back cooler for an ever rotating crop of good microbrews.  
The atmosphere is very laid back with a great local neighborhood feel to it.  Love this place and always look forward to going and shoveling a cheesesteak into my gullet!One of the best neighborhood bars in Philly.  Great specials (wings 35 cents on Wednesdays) , on Tuesdays Burgers 5$ (Turf burger voted best in the city last year) and 5 dollar chicken sandwiches on Mondays. Nice bartenders and locals in there, anybody can feel comfortable here.I like Billy Murphy's a lot. They have that neighborhood feel without the judging eyes and glares from the locals. They have a decent selection of beer. The Bartenders are all friendly and they definitely like their Philly sports teams. Go Phillies!5 stars for its perfection as an old-school neighborhood bar. 
Super-friendly staff. The menu was always a little limited for me because I don't eat meat, but they've recently expanded their offerings and it's gotten way more veg-friendly. 
The one thing they lacked was outside seating, but they recently built a deck and now they have outdoor tables.For 5+ years this was my go-to watering hole. And I'm only 25. Wink, wink.
Billy Murphy's was a college wing night staple. Pitchers of beer and wings galore. Even their other food is good - grilled cheese with tomato, tuna salad on wheat. Fries! Oh lordy, must be the oil, the dipping sauce or the company but those steak fries are delish!
This neighborhood gem's food and drink are only topped by the people you'll meet here. Many of them will become lifelong friends. Mike Murphy aka Murphy has taken his father's business and has helped it grow without dampering the close knit, friendly feeling you get when you walk in and see pictures of patrons past on the walls. Anyone who's anyone in Philadelphia has walked, stumbled, heard of Billy Murphy's. And if they haven't, then they're a nobody.
When I lived up the street there were plenty of times when I wandered down to the bar to borrow some ketchup or have Mr. Murphy throw some roast beef outside for my puppy to munch on. Living some 600+ miles away now just doesn't seem fair.Best kind of bar - neighborhood close, regulars who all know one another, bartenders who give a sh*t and love the establishment and its patrons.  My boyfriend's long-time favorite and growing to be one of mine too.  
The menu is surprisingly expansive, delicious and fresh. The turkey club and crab cake sandwiches are soooooo good and if you happen to enjoy liverwurst, I recently had a sammie on toasted rye and onions and it was pretty tasty! Wing night specials are awesome; my only wish is that they offered drink specials. To my knowledge they never do.
If this is your first or tenth time visiting Murphy's you can spend hours pouring over old photos and articles posted on the walls. This establishment is more than a bar: it's a timeline, a celebration of life and loved ones lost but never forgotten and it's a place where you come to feel a touch of home.Why isn't there more about this little gem tucked deep in the folds of East Falls? Don't go there for ambiance - don't go for fine dining. BUT get your own little group together, pull some tables together, order some pitchers of good fresh cold beer, eat some excellent basic bar food (turkey club, chix fingers, cheese steaks, fries, burgers and...yes...tuna fish salad) and actually TALK to each other. People may give you odd looks if you sit with friends and text and obsesively and check your iphone, but it's a friendly crowd on the whole, friendly staff mostly, and a great hang out.Earth-shatteringly good "turf" burger. 
The turf burger came on a thin, soft, and chewy brioche bun that yielded nicely to the beef. 
The beef patty was gargatuan in size (likely 8-10oz) and cooked to a perfect medium. I'd wager the meat was slightly on the lean side (I'd add maybe 5 percentage points of fat.) However, the beef tasted fresh and had a dense, but still crumbly and juicy, mouthfeel. 
The toppings were an explosive heap of flavors. There were crisp julienned onion strings that were savoury and slightly caramelized.  There was lightly crunchy bacon that still had a bit of chew. There was deeply savoury and salty yellow American cheese (this is the only context where I think American is an appropriate choice.) There were lightly pickled and lightly charred jalape単o coins. 
Oozing over all these toppings was a creamy, goopy, flavor bomb of burger sauce (something like thosand island dressing).
This burger was a perfect concatenation of flavors and textures. The soft and delicate bun. The crisp onions. The savoury and sweet dressing swimming with melted American cheese. The bite of the jalape単os crying through the fats. The oozy, juicy burger dripping jus as you caressed it between your lips. There are few things more enjoyable than discovering an excellent burger.My favorite 'local' spot in East Falls and favorite drinking spot in Philadelphia - great neighborhood spot with plenty of character and characters. 
The chicken cheese steak is one of my favorite sammies anywhere. 
Wings are solid but beware of Wednesday Wing Night - you'll need to get there before 7 if you want a seat. 
Try the new "pig wings" - very tasty and generous portions - especially if you like pork.
Also a great place to watch a game - lots of nice flat screens all over the place.Best dive bar in east falls hands down.  Great prices, great service, and great food.  Not a place to take your family when they are in town, but a great place to slam some pitches and stumble home from.  The wednesday night wing special is my jam.