Great low cost filling breakfast!  I'm always searching for a bargain and bills came up near us with good reviews.  There was some reviews regarding the staff that were not so hot but we stopped anyway.  The staff was helpful and very polite!!!!!   Definitely stop - give yourself a few minutes extra because they are busy at prime times (for a good reason!)Friendliest staff ever, they care very much about their customers. One of the best omelettes I've ever had hands down, everything was so fresh. My boyfriend got the breakfast cheesesteak sandwich which he loved. Great little place!Great prices, great service: the women working there were smiling and super sweet.
I had a yummy spinach salad and my lunch mate had a gigantic Italian hoagie, which he said was terrific (and always is).I come here multiple times a week to get breakfast, and I stop by every once in a while for lunch. I haven't found better prices anywhere in Philadelphia. They accept cards and cash, something that also isn't too common in Philly. 
Their platters are STUFFED with food, their sandwiches are amazing, even the soups are delicious. As a native New Yorker, I can be very, very picky (some might even say snobbish) about my food, and yet this place meets my expectations every time.
The staff is also great. Friendly, and remembers all the regulars.This place actually has great food for a little lunch place, and the clubs are so great. But I have to give it 2 stars because of my experience today. They close at 3pm, I entered at 2pm and they already had every turned off. If you don't want to be open then change your hours.Cleanest restaurant I've ever seen in Philly! Super nice and reasonably priced. Dead eat here!The high-energy petite woman cracks me up; she's great. Bill (bald guy usually workin' the grill) is friendly and will chat it up a bit even when he's in the weeds.  I work a block away and hit this place up for breakfast often, especially when I'm feeling "dehydrated."  They'll make just about anything you want - I usually opt for a bacon, egg, and cheese wrap - and if you call ahead the order will be ready to rock in 5 or 10 minutes.  "Jumbo" sodas in Styrofoam cups!  Fair prices in a straight-forward establishment.  I dig it.Awesome flavors inn our breakfast sandwiches!  Thank you YELP...We found this cute place through you!!Great center city lunch spot. Inexpensive, fresh and generous portions. The staff is quick and friendly. Downhome vibe.Very good food and super friendly staff! Will definitely be going back again - this will likely become my regular breakfast place before work.I think it's safe to say I've been to Bill's more than any other Philadelphia establishment. (Bob & Barb's probably a close second.) I think I am one of the so-called "regulars" now as I am normally greeted by my first name. The people are so friendly. It might be called Bill's, but it seems to me that Chrissy (my high-energy buddy previously mentioned) runs the show. If Bill is the founder, Chrissy is the mayor. She remembers almost everybody. 
Not much to say that hasn't been said. My "go-to's" continue to be:
-Egg & cheese (sometimes bacon) on the 12 grain bread
-Turkey club the 12 grain toast (BIG sandwich)
-BLT (duh)
-Buffalo chicken cheesesteak, if I'm feeling saucy
This place is not perfect, but I love it and I hope to continue to frequent it for another five years.Bought a egg salad sandwich. It was very not so good at all. It was very watery from  mayonnaise n it did not have any flavor at all. I waste my money on this crap. I could of made better at home. Plus, they just cut the eggs n instead of mashing it. I would of give them Zero star but it won't let me proceed without giving a star. While I was taking bite of egg salad sandwich. The mayonnaise was dripping of the sandwich. Horrible horrible horrible horrible!!!! I don't know how they sell sandwich without taste of flavor n dripping mayonnaise from taking a bite of it. It is messy n very watery!Great breakfast sandwiches and good attentive staff. Got a turkey bacon egg and cheese on an everything bagel which was yummy- I waited around 15 minutes @ 11am or so which was to be expected as some people call in their orders ahead of time. The coffee was only okay but would come back here for the breakfast sammies!Bought a egg salad sandwich. It was very not so good at all. It was very watery from  mayonnaise n it did not have any flavor at all. I waste my money on this crap. I could of made better at home. Plus, they just cut the eggs n instead of mashing it. I would of give them Zero star but it won't let me proceed without giving a star. While I was taking bite of egg salad sandwich. The mayonnaise was dripping of the sandwich. Horrible horrible horrible horrible!!!! I don't know how they sell sandwich without taste of flavor n dripping mayonnaise from taking a bite of it. It is messy n very watery! This particular lady with short blond hair with pony tail. Oh, she is very short lady also n u cannot miss her! She never greet customers n always have a mad face. What kind of service is this???? Hey when ur dealing with public u should always smile n greet to all customers. She is not very friendly server! I give her zero for her service!Bill's is amazing! My coworkers and I go for breakfast often! We all normally get the omelette's which come with toast and home fires or grits. The pricing is fantastic and the customer service is above average. I would definitely recommend to everyone!! Oh, and call ahead to place your order to avoid a long wait.
UPDATE:
I had to come back and change my rating to 3 stars... I think Bill's has nice staff and they're affordable... just not too healthy and the consistency was off. It's hit or miss with this place..Fair to poor choice for breakfast. Hard to recommend this place. The food is below average, the service brisk to rude, the interior average, it's on a dumpy street. Best to just keep walking, plenty of better choices within just a few blocks.This rating is strictly for the egg salad - I love this place and it's a go-to lunch spot. The egg salad is absolutely terrible, and it's a shame because everything else is so good.  The egg salad is 90% mayo and 10% eggs...also no flavor. You might as well buy a tub of mayonnaise, it's cheaper. Please change up the recipe!Great food, friendly staff and good prices. I have not tried something i didn't enjoy. Bring your appetite because the portions are generous. Love this place!This place is a hidden gem! First off - they have THE BEST BREAKFAST SANDWICHES EVER. I literally had a spiritual experience with a turkey bacon egg and cheese everything bagel sandwich. I do not lie when I say it brought me back from the dead. Melty cheese, a perfectly toasted bagel that isn't overwhelming to the ratio of insides. Plus, this place has oatmeal, grits, and other diner elements I have yet to try. This is literally the best kept breakfast spot in the otherwise barren area of crappy overpriced breakfast sandwiches.Very good food and super friendly staff! Will definitely be going back again - this will likely become my regular breakfast place before work.The woman who takes the orders and works the register is permanently miserable.  I've worked a block away for 2+ years and she is nasty every single time I have been in there.  she must be the owner.  I have no idea how she could keep her job if she isn't. They have tip jars, but they should specify one for the cooks and one for the witch.I began working in Center City about a year ago and wanted to find a good but affordable breakfast spot and Bill's for the most part didn't disappoint. I typically order the breakfast special without meat which is under $5 bucks and it really is yummy. The breakfast special includes two eggs, grits or home fries, toast and a drink. If you want meat  add another $2-$3 bucks. 
With the exception of the one morning I found an eggshell hidden away in my eggs, yucky... and the wait on a few occasions was a bit too long even when I called in my order--I usually call my order in on my bus ride to work about 10-15 minutes prior to arriving and would be a bit annoyed when it wasn't ready when I arrived. I must say I still enjoy Bill's even if I was turned off a bit after having found the eggshell.
Anyway, today, I was using one of the conference rooms at the Union League and wanted to grab a bite to take with me so I could eat while I worked. So I decided to visit Bill's again. When I arrived there were three people ahead of me but they had already ordered. I placed my order for a spinach Panini, it took about 20 minutes to get it. 
Another thing I don't like is that most time they take the order but don't ring you up which means you have to wait again to be rung up because other people are coming in placing orders. I feel I have to keep asking someone to ring me up, and what's up with the 'Hons' I dislike people using terms of endearments with me when they don't me but that's just me.
With all that said, here's what I hope to get across to you...Bill's food is good, the ladies are pleasant ... just know, you are probably not going to get out in 5 to 10 minutes.
I hope this helps someone...basic - in the best possible way !! center city has too many fancy places and when you're craving home cooked food, bills is what's up. everything is homey and delicious comfort food. can't go wrong ! and the prices are lowlowlow which rules !Had the hot roast beef sandwich with spinach..... Simply amazing. Place is clean and everyone is extremely friendly. Even though it was pretty busy, my order was ready pretty fast. Definitely a hidden gem!I. Am. In. Love.
Granted, I've been here a handful of times, but every time I realize that there's a magical land of sandwich bliss tucked away on a sketchy looking area of sansom, I cannot wait to order something new. 
The specials are usually top notch.
And how affordable!
If there's any downside it's that I had to wait for my sandwich a little longer than I would have at a lunch place down the street, but the vegetables were freshly grilled and hot when my sandwich arrive.  The portion was huge and absolutely delicious.  
I have only dealt with the friendliest and most accommodating staff, which ALWAYS makes me want to come back.  I have been recommending this place to everyone!  
I usually don't give five stars, but when a place deserves it, it gets it!We have eaten breakfast here several times.  The staff is always friendly and helpful when placing an order.  Many patrons drop by and take their breakfast order with them, but we have eaten at the tables in the back of the restaurant .  The food is delicious with large portions and the prices are reasonable.  We will visit here again if we are staying in a nearby hotel.Bill's is the emobodiment of what a small business should NOT be.  It's dirty, the service is unfriendly, the wait is always long (even if you call your order in it's usually not ready when they tell you) and the quality is garbage.  What kind of a restaurant has hunks of fat in their pulled pork sandwich?  Much better choices in the neighborhood such as Jake's Sandwich Board on 12th or Ellen's in the Bellevue.Bill's is your basic breakfast and lunch items at a cheap price.  Contrary to what a few yelpers have said, it IS clean and the food is prepared in front of you.  The salad items are displayed and are always fresh and clean.  You won't get a gourmet lunch here and there's not a lot of sit-down space, but that's not what Bill's is about.  It can get crazy busy around lunch time with lunch take-outs, but that's because everyone in the area knows it's reliable, well prepared, no-surprise basics.so once a weekish I hit up this delicious little breakfast joint called Bill's Breakfast & Lunch (1312 Sansom Street) thats quick, the sweetest diverse staff, super clean, and just has the right amount of informality and old school charm in the air. Today I called and ordered my usual sausage egg cheese bagel and realized I forgot my wallet after. When I called back the woman says "Oh hush we will put you up on the wall come pay tmrw, now come get your food. " I could hear the smile on her face and saw it when I came in. I will never go anywhere else. These guys got a big city flair with small town quirks, just like Philly. Check em out asap.I tried this spot out for lunch due to a friend's raving recommendation.  It was around noontime, which is usually a nightmare in any pizza/sandwich/burger joint in center city.  However, Bill's is out of the way enough that there wasn't a long line.  I was helped right away, in fact, but had to wait several minutes for my sandwich.  The ladies working the counter were very friendly and you could tell they gave their regulars special attention.  
The prices are definitely reasonable, on the cheap side compared to nearby places of similar quality.  Most everything on the lunch menu was $4-6.  Breakfast looked like an even better deal.
The sandwich itself (pulled roasted chicken) was pretty good, but the bun got pretty soggy (pet peeve).  The smokey, peppery sauce on it was amazing, but there wasn't enough.
I would definitely try out more of their sandwiches and maybe check out the breakfast, but I work on the other side of Broad and never feel like walking there.I was in town for a conference and Bill's was on the way between my hotel and the convention center.  What a gem for quick stop-in breakfasts!  Fast, friendly service (I've never been called "sweetie" that many times in a single visit anywhere), and the prices were great.  Very affordable for fresh, hot bacon-egg-and-cheese bagels, or even the full breakfast special (which I was hard pressed to finish).  If you like good, unfussy diner grub, Bill's gets my vote.This place really needs some help. I used to be a frequent customer and have been so turned off that I refuse to go now. It takes them half an hour to make a breakfast sandwich! I used to get mine there several times a week, and despite how tasty it is, I just cannot continue to patronize a place that is clearly so disorganized. I can't understand how it takes them this long to process their food orders with so many people working there. Also, some of the staff are really lovely, but some don't have good customer service skills. The staff will bicker with each other in front of customers without a second thought. It's really off putting! Bill needs to get this place together!Okay, Bill's probably has the best breakfast sandwich I've found in Philly. and I've eaten a lot of breakfast sandwiches. 
Freshly cooked eggs, folded around delicious cheese, on any kind of bread you'd like. How can you go wrong. It's definitely filling, but worth it. 
And Bill is the nicest guy - always says hello to me!Horrible service. I was ignored at the counter while others, who were known by the staff ,were helped before me. No eye contact from the staff or any acknowledgement I was even there. After 10 minutes I left.My usual: sausage, egg and cheese on an everything bagel (pepper & ketchup)
The bagels are toasted to perfection; not too soft, and not so toasted that it squishes out the contents of the sandwich when you take a bite.
The everything bagels are truly "everything" bagels.
Prices are great for the level of quality that you get.Great local breakfast and lunch place. Very reasonable prices for nice portions. Very friendly staff.This was my favorite spot for good and cheap eats for breakfast and lunch, but it came at price. I ordered a pattie melt with lettuce and tomato yesterday afternoon and it tasted okay. However, I left night school early with a stomach ache that had me violently vomiting in the women's bathroom floor, on the side of the highway heading home, and on my bathroom floor at home all night and morning long. I soon realized I had FOOD POISONING from either ecoli or some other parasites that contaminated my food. It's the worst feeling ever in life!!Great food and friendly staff.  First time here and they helped our kids with the menu.  Small place and very cleanI've been going to Bill's before the renovation. I had a co-worker who would go just for the rice pudding. Bill's is my cheap eats lunch spot. I normally get the Turkey hoagie. Once in a while I will get the Spinach Panini. This sandwich is the best. For days that I want to eat healthy the panini is the choice. The staff is always friendly and welcoming.Bill's veggie omelette ($7) was good, wheat toast toasted perfectly and home fries were just the right amount of crispy.  The only thing to improve would be to have more condiments (jelly, hot sauce) on the table.  I saw a lot of Philly locals come and go while I was dining.  This is a good spot to go for a decent breakfast at a reasonable price.  Friendly staff as well.I was at a conference in Philly staying at the Marriott and I wanted a quick and informal place to eat breakfast. This place was perfect. Just a few tables. Multi-grain toast was delicious. Inexpensive. Arrive before 11am for hash browns.It's in the lunch rotation.  Typical Philly deli/cheesesteak fare but good quality ingredients.  Last week I had a delicious spinach salad with bacon and it was super good.  They are great for breakfast sandwiches as well.Super high energy staff can lead to chaos.    However, the food is good and reliable.   It is fun to watch them trip over each other and bicker.    And they LOVE to use quotations on their boards where they aren't needed.   (Order the "spinach" panini.    Is it not really spinach?    The mystery is part of the fun!)Delicious, quick, simple, inexpensive. Small seating area. Lovely service. Thumbs up.Is Bill's better than Morimoto's? No, but everyone needs that go-to place for cheap breakfast.  Bill's is that place for Center City. 5 starrrrzzzz.
CHEAP
$3.51 = Sausage, egg, and cheese on any type of carb you want...croissant $1 more (but why would you do that?)
FILLING
Put mine on an everything bagel, and it was big. Originally thought about ordering home fries on the side because I have no self control (and since breakfast sandwiches can be small) but didn't have to because theirs is LEGIT.
Serving LUNCH w/LOVE (or breakfast)
I felt like I was being delightfully served by kind, elementary school lunch ladies. Only thing missing was the hair nets and stray hair in my food. Honestly, I was surprised to see the workers not only smiling at customers, but genuinely in good spirits. Made me think Bill was a nice guy. 
"Have a good day, hon". - lunch lady
Yes, yes I will. Thank you.Lately, Bill's has offered some lunch specials that are "gourmet" like.  The Italian Chopped Salad, when offered as a special, is out of this world and would easily appear on another restaurant's menu at a much higher price.What a great little place! Very friendly staff and a fantastic, authentic Philly menu. I'll be back for sure.I went here for the first time today for lunch.  A co-worker recommended the place and told me to go for the chicken cutlet hoagie.  
The restaurant is incredibly clean and I really like that you can watch the cooks prepare your food.  
I got a chicken cutlet with sharp provolone and spinach with a side of macaroni salad.  $12 is a little steep but it's enough food for two lunches.  The portions are generous and the food is absolutely delicious.  
I waited less than 10 minutes around 12:30 which is impressive for any lunch spot in Center City.
The women who work behind the counter were very sweet and quick to help everyone waiting.  
They take credit cards and have seating if you feel like eating there.
The only thing I would change is their system for ordering.  There was no line and no system of organization.  All of the women behind the counter were taking orders, preparing salads and taking people's money.  
Overall great experience.  I'll be back.I was walking to my hotel from the Philadelphia Convention Center and was starving. I stopped in for a cheesesteak and it was terrific. The cheese (provolone not cheese whiz) was melted into the steak and the bread was chewy. I definitely should have gotten two although there was no way I could have eaten it. 
I returned for breakfast the next day and md for $3.69 you get two eggs cooked to order grits toast and coffee.  Huge portions. Came back the next day and ordered the same except I added scrapple to my order (a pork loaf cut with cornmeal). It was terrific. If you staying near the convention center or Broad street near the courthouse you definitely need to check this place out   The lady behind the counter is incredibly friendly and knows the name of just about every customer. I felt like I was in the restaurant version of Cheers.I work in Center City and this place has become a go-to for breakfast and lunch. The bagel breakfast sandwiches are delicious and service is always friendly & quick. The Italian hoagie is quite possibly the best I've had anywhere in CC Philly, especially for the $7.50 price tag. 
They've got a nice selection of chips, drinks, salads, hot and cold hoagies and rotations like chicken tenders, fried fish, etc. They take cash & credit which isn't always guaranteed for these little sandwich shops. There are probably 5-6 tables and almost always someone sitting in there whenever I visit. All in all, nothing but praise for Bills!Bill and his crew deserve more reviews!!
I don't write Yelp reviews, but this place always has me coming back!
Breakfast is what I go for, and breakfast is what I get. The delicious-to-cheap ratio is outstanding! I love their breakfast sandwiches, as do my girlfriend and best friend. There was a period in our lives where we would eat here several times each week. While that's not the healthiest thing, we always had a great time.
The women that work behind the counter are chipper 100% of the time, and always make an enjoyable experience when ordering and waiting. Yes, you'll have to wait, but that happens everywhere. Deal with it.
Bill knows me by name and we always greet one another when I walk in and out. Same for my girlfriend.
The food is delicious and a sausage, egg & cheese is $3.51 and delicious. Perfecto!
Highly recommended if you're looking for quick & cheap breakfast. (They also do lunch, but I've never been. It always looks crowded, which is a good thing).Bill's came up in my Yelp search was I was In need of a 7am weekday breakfast spot. The store front and space are pretty unassuming, but the food is good, service is friendly, and the prices are fantastic. My egg and sausage on an everything bagel was tasty and manageable (sometimes those bagel sandwiches are impossibly awkward and tough to eat!) and my Southern friend approved of the grits.Ive tried giving Bill's Breakfast & Lunch a few chances now, and each time I wonder why I go back. The bagels aren't good, come right out of a packaged bag. If you order something from the grill on a busy morning your waiting at least 20 minutes in this hot place. I've had multiple orders come out wrong, recently had them make two mistakes on one order! The French Toast is good, but not sure if its worth the wait. Even if you call ahead they put you on hold for about 5 minutes!I wish I could give this place a 4.5 as there is always room for improvement, but I will give a 5 because I find myself eating here 3 times a week.
You can't find a better all around breakfast or lunch spot in Center City than Bill's. Old Nelson's? Expensive and your only choices are salads or Boar's Head lunch meat. Jake's sandwich board? Delicious, but it's expensive, the novelty wears off, and even the "lighter choices" make you want to take a nap afterwards.
Michael K. couldn't be further from the truth in his review. This place is immaculately clean, the people are some of the nicest I've ever met, and the quality of the ingredients is what separates this place apart.
The criticism over the wait time is true. Depending on how busy it is and whether you order something from the grill, it can take up to 15 minutes to get your order (although, it's more on the order of 5-10). However, if you need to have a Bill's fix and time is an issue, call ahead. Yes, even for a $3 breakfast sandwich, they don't mind at all.
It's definitely a blue-collar type of place, so don't come here expecting better service because you're in a suit rather than a hard hat. But don't let that fool you, they are very efficient and consistent in the quality of what they prepare. In the 4 years I have been coming here (well over 100 times), I can remember only once that my order was prepared incorrectly. 
But here's where they really shine: cheesesteaks. Especially when Bill himself makes them (I have a feeling he puts an extra slice of cheese on there), you can't get a better example of a Philadelphia cheesesteak. I don't know what magic they do, but they are the best kept secret in the Philadelphia cheesesteak debate. You owe it to yourself at least once to enjoy a cheesesteak from Bill's.
I try to give myself some variety, but I always find myself back at Bill's, no matter what I have a craving for.
Note: The one place that Bill's really falls short is their pork roll. They do not have Taylor pork roll, and, let's be honest, there is no reason to eat pork roll if it's not Taylor's.Bill is the nicest and best breakfast and lunch guy in Center City Philly. Simple but really good breakfast and lunch.After being poorly treated at the GREEN EGG, I found this place. The food was awesome and service super nice! I was starving and got 2 sandwiches and a side of salami with soda for $11! Not sure if that's Bob behind the stove but he is a cooking fool! Hats off to this hidden gem. Oh and the people kept coming through the door. Would certainly come back!We stopped in here randomly and decided to give it a try, and man I'm glad we did! The prices were very fair (about 5 dollars for a sandwich) and absolutely delicious! I had a spinach panini with fresh mozzarella, green peppers, and tomatoes grilled with extra virgin olive oil on 12 grain bread. The sandwich was superb. The wait was long, but definitely worth it-just something to consider if you are in a rush.I really wanted this to be my new breakfast spot, but I waited half an hour for one pork roll, egg, and cheese on an English muffin. There were only two people ahead of me, too, and like 10 of their regulars (I guess) came in after me (the cashiers knew their names). They received their orders before me even though they ordered large plates and sides.
It's better than the microwaved sandwiches at Wawa, but it's nothing special. The cashier was also a little rude to me but super friendly with the aforementioned regulars.I have been eating from Bill's since I started working in Center City in 2008. Since then I've changed jobs and I still hike it to Bill's. Their bacon cheese burger and fries are the BOMB.COM!!!! Totally recommend this spot...you won't be disappointed. The only sucky part is that they don't deliver so you have to pick up your food, but other than that, they rock!Just got a roasted pulled chicken sandwich and it is delicious! I got it with the smoky hot sauce on the side and ended up only needing a little.  The chicken was moist and had a great flavor.  Can't wait to go back and get it again with onions and peppers! The staff is incredibly friendly, and the prices are much more reasonable then other places around.Great lunch spot!  Love the spinach panini!  When I was pregnant back in 2004, when Bill was at the other spot across the street, I had such a craving for a meatball sandwich.  I went pretty late in the lunch hour and when I ordered, Bill said he only had one meatball left.  I was disappointed and told him I had such a craving for it but ordered the pork instead.  When I got back to my office to eat my lunch, I opened the bag and saw a small container along with what I ordered.  Bill had wrapped the one meatball for me!  What a sweet guy!Everything I've had here has been better than I hoped for and cheaper than expected. Great quick lunch spot in center cityClassic downtown Philly diner. Super friendly staff who seem to know every customer. Great place for breakfast or lunch. Eat in or carry out. Nothing fancy. Just good food and friendly vibes attracting local office and construction workers.Best pancakes I've ever had. Hands down. 
They're always super friendly here, the place is clean and no frills but the food is always well prepared and reasonably priced for what you get. Try it. You will not be disappointed.This small establishment tucked away on Sansom Street is a gem that has been serving up quality breakfast and lunch for 30 years. A absolute throw back with a great and varied menu plus a side order of friendly customer service. I had the Western style egg whites with cheese on toasted whole grain and it was fantastic.I kid you not when I say I got the best bacon, egg & cheese on a bagel I've ever had in Philadelphia. Not that I'm ordering them often, since I don't love the bagels in Philly, but still. This thing was huge, delicious and under 4 bucks.
Will be coming here much more often, since it's a block from work. And the place is surprisingly clean and well-kept. Yay!I've started coming in every morning to get a breakfast sandwich before work. No matter how early there always seems to be a healthy line. They work quick and I never have to wait longer than I expect. The women behind the counter are always friendly and seem to have a large group of regulars. Definitely recommend for a quality breakfast that truly stays consistent every time I come.Why would anyone ever eat at Bill's when Citi Market is right around the corner? Citi Market is everything Bill's isn't: clean, tasty, fresh, top quality, pleasant, roomy & prompt.  At Bill's the only thing you can be sure of is that it will take FOREVER to get your food. And when you get it... heartburn for sure. Everything is fried and dripping with grease and crud from the grill. Lunch meats are fatty, generic and gross. Rolls are stale on the ends.  There is nowhere to sit or stand and no AC during the summer months. Visit this place at your own peril.The place is constantly packed and yes, the food is decent. But the wait is very long and the organization pretty messy. A couple people from the staff should also go back to customer service class...It's this simple. Friendly, reliable service. Great fresh food. Cooks who know what they're doing. This is a great bet for something classic.Bill's is my favorite place to go to for fast and inexpensive breakfast and lunch! They offer so many great breakfast and lunch sandwiches and soups. My favorite breakfast sandwich they have would be the eggs and bacon with cheese on a club sandwich roll.Bill's is a perfect example of what a breakfast/lunch shop should be.  Always immaculate, low prices, and solid classics.
The bacon is crispy, the rolls are fresh, and you can see Bill grilling up your order as you wait.
Only downside is that even without a line you're going to wait a few minutes for your order to be up.  You can call ahead, but I'd feel silly calling in an order for a $3 bacon and egg sandwich.Great breakfast and lunch spot in the Philadelphia building. Good prices and service. It's not gourmet but good old fashioned American lunch food. Very clean.Small local spot that is Great to eat in(small sitting area) or call ahead and grab. Some of the best pancakes i have had in a while. All meat omelette was a home run with home fries and toast was perfect even at 11 AM. Would totally order take out from Bills if we lived in the area.I've had their breakfast sandwiches, burgers and tuna and highly recommend. Since everything is cooked to order, and it gets crowded, you will have a wait.I hate to give a bad review because the ladies at the counter really look like they hustle.  
I work around the corner and frequently think "maybe this time it'll be good," but almost without fail something ruins it for me.  I've had my order forgotten, I've eaten cheesesteaks without cheese, I've waited 25 minutes for a sandwich, I've waited 10 minutes just to pay despite standing in front of the register with my card out, they've been out of ingredients, and for some reason they stop serving breakfast at 11 despite being a self-proclaimed breakfast place.  Once I ordered a sandwich and when I asked why I was being charged more than the price on the menu, she showed a tiny asterisk on the paper menu (which nobody reads) and then proceeded to charge me even more, and I ended up buying a just sandwich for about $11.
The food is good but it is a basic deli menu that you can find anywhere for similar quality, and likely for less money.  With so many other good places around I don't see any reason to go back.One of the best breakfasts I've ever had. We came here because it got good reviews and it didn't disappoint. I have very picky kids when it comes to food and they all loved their food. The service was awesome and they made everything to order. The constant flow of people coming through gives testament to how great this place is.  Angie was the best!  Will definitely come here again next time we are here.I literally had to rate them just based on my first visit. I came in like a zombie just wanting some hot food before an early morning exam and the staff was overly nice and welcoming. You could tell they really cared a lot. They have a million things for breakfast and all at a great price for the area. I will never be getting fast food breakfast again. Also the store looks really nice and clean.  Will definitely be backWhy I never wrote a review of Bill's the entire time I worked in the same building as them is beyond me--I would go there ALL THE TIME on lunch breaks.  Prices are reasonable, and while it's not fancy, the food is great.  If I were in the mood for breakfast, I would usually get a mushroom, egg, and cheese sandwich with ketchup on a croissant or a bagel, and if I were in the mood for lunch, I would often get a burger or an American hoagie.  It tends to get a bit crowded during the lunch hour, though they are very efficient and serve with a smile, so it is worth it.  As is stated in their name, they are only open for breakfast and lunch, so don't expect to be served after 3pm! I would definitely return for a bite next time I am in the neighborhood.Called in for breakfast pickup on a VERY cold Wednesday morning. It took me a couple tries to get through; seems like a lot of people call ahead to pick food up before work. 
My friend and I each got one of their egg sandwiches. It was decent food and came at a fantastic price (~$3 per sandwich depending on the kind). The ladies behind the counter were sweethearts and fast service; they have their system down pat.