Came here after reading about their specials in a Top Happy Hour in Philly list - the place was further away than Center City, but was definitely worth it! 
We came here in a group of 4, and ordered every food item off their happy hour menu. The first item was a tofu salad that I would recommend skipping - even though it was really fresh tasting and well seasoned, it was completely overshadowed by the other dishes. I really liked the caterpillar pork bread - the roasted pork filling was amazing and the slight sweetness of the bread lends itself really well to the combination. 
In terms of drinks, we ordered a family pitcher to share and it was a huge jug that would be more than enough for 4 people. The flavors were definitely unique and Asian-inspired. 
Definitely would recommend for happy hour - and they conveniently have weekend afternoon happy hours to get your fix of dumplings!Bung bung! 
I'm hooked! 
I recently came here with a few friends for Happy Hr. 
Fresh off a train ride, I was starving.  With little to no parameters, my good friend chose this spot. 
From the great tunes to the awesome decor, Bing Bing excites the senses. 
While here I had the Tiger Style Punch.  Very strong.  It's the sipping type of drink.  Any punch bourbon based is always the good kind of trouble.  From there I had, Pork Soup Dumplings ( by far my fave...so savory and deelish), Everything Paco Man Bun (basically their take on Bagel and Lox), Roasted Pork Bao (pastry was light and the pork was seasoned greatly), Crispy Cumin Lamb Rolls ( flavor punch in the mouth), and the Sweet & Savory Brussel Sprouts ( I wanted another order).  In addition to all that, I took advantage of their 3 buck Miller Lite.   :) 
I cannot wait to go back again!Chow fun, soup dumplings, pastrami bao were all quite awesomeGot the caterpillar bread and pork bao bun. Pretty great stuff! Decent prices. Would def come here again! Small place but was able to sit at the bar no problem. Small beer selection but when you're serving Jai Alais, what more do you need? I'll be back!Everything my girlfriend and me had was great. We got the beef dumplings, soup dumplings and spicy cucumber salad. My favorites were the soup dumplings and spicy cucumber salad.best food in philly. love it here. get pork soup dumplings.This placed REALLY knocked my socks off! Not only was their food incredible (you MUST get the bao buns and cucumber salad) the staff was kind and attentive. I was visiting from out of town and our server even recommended some great places to get ice cream in walking distance. Such a great location, and excellent music created a great vibe. Perfect place for date night, dinner with friends or the place to go with your parents in town.So, so very loud. We were literally shoutung at each other across our table. Food was okay but our dishes arrived weirdly, all my dates first then all mine later. Typical East Passyunk hipster staff. I don't know what expected from a dim sum place, but it wasn't this. I won't be back. Our waiter was a young kid, who apologized for how the food came out and seemed like he knew the dishes well.What I love about Bing Bing is they have a good happy hour on the weekends. I got the chef's cocktail which was a lychee gin mixed drink that was very refreshing without being too sweet. While the dumplings we ordered were pretty good, what really stood out to me was the roasted pork bao, which was delicious! I think Bing Bing describes itself as Jewish Chinese fusion but I would say, at least with the food we ordered, it's Chinese South Philly fusion. The bao was basically a roasted pork sandwich in a bun. The atmosphere is great as well, it's loud and vibrant, but also intimate, probably because of the size of the restaurant. Overall it was a fun experience.I got a table last minute on a Friday night.  It was one of those spontaneous evenings when everything just happens to work out perfectly.  
It only took twenty minutes to park the car right next to Bing Bing in a perfect spot (so lucky), upon arrival my friend was seated at our table:). 
The staff is extremely friendly, attentive, and accommodating.  My friend felt sick, so they replaced his drink and gave me a second one to replace his.  My two cocktails were delicious.  I can't remember their names, but I remember one had jalapeño and one had some pear flavoring meshed with a bunch of others (the latter was my favorite).  
Foodwise, we had the beet dumplings first (little bites of heaven...could have eaten twenty, but stuck to ten:).  The pork soup dumplings were spot on.  My friend had the lamb dumplings of some sort?...(he loved them).  We also had some epic kimchi fried rice (so good).  My entree was the brisket noodle soup (more than enough for two, but I housed it solo).  Best meal I've had in a while.  Loved everything about Bing Bing.  Can't wait to come back and sit in one of the great looking booths.  Definitely, make a reservation.My personal suggestion, smoke a little MJ and go in and try everything.  You will not regret it.We have been awaiting the opening of this place forever.  The time has finally come and we stopped by on opening night to try out a couple of the dishes.  We tried the potato dumplings, pastrami and swiss bao, crispy little fish, steamed fish, giant soup dumpling, and the chocolate bao for dessert.  All of the dishes were pretty good, well seasoned.  There are a number of quirks still needed to be worked out, which will come with time.  The best dishes were the steamed fish and the potato dumplings.  The gremolata that was on top of the fish was absolutely delicious.  The food has a lot of potential and should get better as time goes on.
The chairs and tables left a little to be desired though.  Since it is freezing in philadelphia, the chairs / tables should have some hooks to hang your coat up.  All coats could only rest under your stool and just seemed disorganized and messy.  Other than that, the experience was worth the wait.  Try this place out soon!Bing Bing Dimsum really hit the spot! The soup dumplings are just heaven! Also their house made chili oil and vinegar are absolutely delicious! I took off star for their small serving size. Will definitely go back and 100% recommend!I like the location of the place, the interior and exterior, the service, the no-wait-on-Sunday-morning experience, the hipster feel.... if I can let go and stop considering it a Chinese restaurant I would've been very satisfied with the food... in fact this place can even get kudos for being more on the authentic side compared to many other American Chinese restaurants....but sorry that sensation associated with authentic asian tastes simply doesn't respond this restaurant too well....Definitely a good spot to meet a friend or two for their happy hour specials!
I love it when a restaurants really knows what happy hour means -- discounted drinks AND food! They have a good selection of food that can fill you up quickly despite the small plates. My friend and I were stuffed after 4 of their happy hour bites which included their bao, dumplings, pickled veggies, and cucumber salad. 
Their food is definitely a fusion of traditional Chinese food with a new American twist to it. Very unique flavor profiles and tasty! 
Ambience is very eclectic and young. You can get lost in their intricate mural to the right of the bar. Makes it a great casual place. Despite going on a Monday evening, it was still had a good amount of people and is a bit on the louder side though I was still able to carry on a conversation with a louder speaking voice. 
Overall this is a solid place to go. Interesting combinations of texture and flavorful food!The most amazing flavors and textures! Everyone who
Works here is totally passionate about the food they make. Even as a vegetarian I was not disappointed ! Definitely save room for dessert!Love this place! Soup Dumplings and Jade dumplings are awesome. Friendly atmosphere. I just wish they were open for Brunch! Please start delivering soup dumplings on Caviar!Tasty food, attentive service, good drinks, music is funky and overall a cool vibe. I would hang out here again for sure - don't miss the pork bao bun and the lamb roll - but everything was well prepared and there were a lot of good bites to be had - great place!I picked up on dumplings about 8 months ago... and never looked back.  I'll start by saying that I don't love traditional Chinese food but there's something about dim sum that draws me in.  It's like you're eating a curious little tasty pocket ... the perfect combo of savory protein and spice, perhaps dab it in soy sauce or vinegar or chili sauce... and it's party in your mouth, so satisfying.
Bing Bing is an inviting experience like this.  It's a small place, so unless you come with 4+ friends, you'll be seated near to other diners. You'll see/smell what they're ordering... have immediate food envy... and want what they're having on top of whatever you're ordering.  The décor is playful and spot on for an Asian fusion dim sum joint.  
I've had most of the varieties of dumplings here - they're all very flavorful and leave you wanting more.  My favorite is the pork soup dumplings, I like trying them with the different kinds of dipping sauces.  The noodle dishes / Brussel sprouts / different fried rices... all super tasty.   
The Roast Pork Bao is not Chinese nor Asian... but it is heavenly.  One of my most favorite food items in the entire city of Philadelphia.  It's Italian roast pork meets sharp yet gooey provolone & long hots all wrapped up in delightful doughy bun that is first boiled (I think?) and then slightly fried.  You need to order at least 2 of these to share with the table.  I need to order 2.. just for me..at my desk right now, ugh, so good.
They also have homemade soft serve ice cream, flavors change all the time.  AND the cocktails are good.  
Bonus - when the weather's nice - dine al fresco and you get to people watch too!
I love coming here... it's consistent, always delicious and a great atmosphere.Good dinner
Excellent happy hour prices
Good choices for veg and meat eaters
Nice drinks too
A bit loud but I'm older than most thereWent there for Saturday Happy Hour. That's worth three stars right there. Don't find that too often. The bartender was super nice & attentive. Other than that, it was just "eh". I had shrimp dumplings & my drink was called "Bartender's Special". Tasted like a spicy Bloody Mary. Nothing wrong with it. It just won't make me run back there.Jeez, I don't even know where to start!
I began by waiting at the bar for my buddy to arrive, because they can't seat you unless your whole party is present. Understandable, since it is a small restaurant. As I waited, I noticed the decor immediately. Hand painted, Far-East style, but trendy and pretty humorous- definitely entertaining while enjoying my bourbon.
We must've sampled most of the menu, but I'll just mention my notables. The pork buns- my god, I could go back now and have them again. They were so good that I didn't want to eat anything else. The fried pickles were really good, pickle chunks not chips or spears. The lamb dumplings were also delicious, I'd suggest ordering 2, just in case!
Our server was very polite, not overly excited, but it was a dreary day. 
I highly recommend Bing BIng!We checked out Bing Bing during happy hour on a Saturday afternoon. We were able to park right next door, which was a huge bonus. We decided to sit and the bar and it was a good choice. The bartender was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. We ordered drinks and started in on the menu. We tried the pork bao buns (fantastic), scarlet dumplings, lamb dumplings, pickle plate, caterpillar bread, soup dumplings, spare ribs and shrimp dumplings.....everything was very good. This sounds like a lot of food, and it was but it was really good so we kept on going. We liked the shrimp dumplings the least but they were still ok. Service was fantastic and it's a cool, funky little spot to enjoy some food and drinks. We will absolutely be visiting again.Had some great dim sum last night! The flavors were amazing and the service was good. The only cons were that the value was not the best and it was quite crowded and noisy. I would certainly return.
Highlights were the turnip cakes and the lamb dumplings. DelishAmazing. Went with 2 friends and we ordered a lot! We tried every dumpling variety. All were very good but our consensus was the soup dumplings were the best!
We had the rice noodle rolls. Delicious. And the slaw on top really gave a nice contrast. 
Ribs... Can't even explain how much we enjoyed those! 
And the green beans! I could've eaten just those and been happy!
We also has the bubble waffle and the chocolate bao. Both were great but the bubble waffle was the winner!
I can't wait to go back for more soup dumplings and to try the rest of the menu! 
I literally was happy thinking about that meal for daysThe food here was delicious, but they mark items as gluten free that are cross contaminated- cooked in the fryer with breaded items and containing small traces of flour and other glutinous ingredients. Being gluten free is a serious health issue for some, including me, and not just a stupid trend. Be careful to ask questions about ingredients and preparation, even if items are marked. 
Update: when I wrote this review the owner responded to my review with an apology and replied to my specific concerns me with the following. I will update my rating when I am able to try again:
Thank you for reaching out. If you go to our website and check out the menu the items with a GF next to it are fully gluten free. When someone says they have an allergy we do not cross contaminate and we then cook everything separately. 
The 2 dumplings are made with wheat starch, which is certified gluten free. 
The brussel sprouts are wok fried separetely when someone is listed as allergy. 
The fried rice is fully gluten free when the pork is removed from the dish. 
The chicken rice bowl is fully gluten free. 
The other two veggie dishes are fully gluten free.
If you have any other questions please let me know. You can always ask for the Manager Rachael or myself if she is off. Shawn. Thanks. 
ShawnBing Bing delivers on a chill atmosphere, friendly service, and some wacky fusion options. The pastrami bao remains one of my favorite offerings. The food is well done, and there is no question about that. I was sold on the soft serve ice cream with a white chocolate/peppermint swirl. Seriously, get the soft serve.
The downside is that it's super easy to drop $60+ on a meal when you factor in drinks. I hate to be all "But in Chinatown..." but in Chinatown I can get more or less the same food for half the price. I'll be back, but unfortunately it will not be a regular stop on my food adventures.Loved it !! I recommend trying everything! The Roast Pork Bao and Green Mango salad was a favoriteAsian fusion that's more hipster than Asian fusion.  The Caterpillar bread was amazing BUT the rest of the dishes failed to impress.   The breakfast fried rice too salty, likely from the bacon, the marpoo tofu was agreed upon by 3 different Asians in our party that it was not marpoo tofu but just tofu with hot sauce on noodles. The lamb dumplings weren't seasoned well enough.  I wanted to like the turnip cake so badly, but alas. The sauce was as way too salty.  I think we each drank a pitcher of water by the time the meal was over.  Sad bc I remember liking this place a year ago and was embarrassed to have suggested this place to my friends.  Wasted calories.  
Also, the service was sooooo slow.  The servers were clearly chatting with the hostess up front instead of paying attention to their customers.I only lived in Philly for a year and I think this place was hands down the best dining experience I had. The dim sum was so good, and I can't think of anything bad to say.This has become the must stop on our passayunk happy hour crawl (which we admittedly have done too often). They have solid drink specials and a pretty revolving mix of food specials.  Order a few specials with some of the normal menu and you will leave very very happy.  The crispy lamb rolls, soup dumplings and pork bao buns are definitely the must try items here.  We have never been disappointed with the food or service...this is definitely a must for not just passayunk but any philly food fans.  Highly recommend...so much so that it compelled me to leave my first yelp review ever.Delicious dumplings, wonderful overall meal. Great service. More tapas style than I expected but nice variety. We had three dim sum plates and one noodle dish for two people. This was plenty of food. Will definitely be back!This is such a cute and cosy place. We got turnip cake, soup dumplings, lamb dumplings and shrimp dumplings. The don't care cocktail was really good. Staff is really nice and friendly.This place was eclectic and good. The food came out quickly and was good. We went on a very busy day and tried a bit of everything. The soup dumplings and lamb rolls were the best!If you expect nothing from anybody, you're never disappointed. ― Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar
Unfortunately, I think Philadelphia has a case of the opposite. We, as a city of foodie folks, expect the very best from our chefs. The new ones. The veterans. The young ones. The oldies (but goodies). And then, if they don't deliver to every single expectation.... Philly people get ticked. I feel like there's a general air of disappointment that surrounds eaters in this city when they enter a restaurant that's been hyped up.
Like those overly aggressive dudes that go into every bar, party, or pub ready for a fight, they, too, are looking for someone (or something) with whom they can take issue. I say this because I finally had a chance to mosey down to Bing Bing Dim Sum, East Passyunk's new contemporary dim sum spot opened by the fellows that brought you Cheu Noodle Bar. Everyone that I've talked to has given this place the typical "Oh yes, it was decent BUT __________." I'm here to tell you it was delicious.
I think it's perfectly cooked quail eggs and savory scrapple. I think it's an outdoor seating and happy hour that, though newly launched, brought joy to my tastebuds (and wallet).
Cumin lamb rolls were ON FLEEK. Truly, these were ethereal. Crunchy and filled with a tangy, stringy lamb. Oh, yes. Sure, it's not "bargain dim sum". But I don't think you'd want it to be. You pay a bit of a premium for something new, something different. And with dumplings like these, you get what you pay for. We enjoyed the jade dumplings full of shrimp and leeks, and a handful of other INSANELY GOOD gluten free options. Because, though I'm a gluten-lover, my dining partner was sadly not. Luckily, Bing Bing gets it. Beyond our Pac-man Buns, scallion pancakes, and the lamb rolls, we enjoyed a variety of gluten free options that tasted anything but.
Green beans with fermented garlic and crunchy fried quinoa, Fried cauliflower with shrimp salt, lemon, and scallion! The vegetables, our first two dishes of the night, were filling and delicious enough to make an affordable, tasty meal for one. But dim sum is all about MORE.
In addition to some scallion pancakes, we enjoyed a delightful set of (gluten free) ruby red beet dumplings full of tofu and crispy garlic, and a bowl of (also gluten free) ginger scallion rice, chicken, furikake, long hots, and a pickled egg that had me playing the fun game where you see if you can pluck single grains of rice using your chopsticks.
If your food tastes that good, you'll find a whole new set of skills.
Finally rice noodle rolls (GF) with garlic sausage, peanuts, and herbs.These rice noodle rolls came out last, after I thought I couldn't fit any more food in my belly. I was (luckily) mistaken. This nutty sauce, complimented by the hot chili oil Bing Bing has on each table, were full of garlicky sausage that both sated any leftover appetite, and guaranteed I wouldn't be smooching any vampires that night. Not that I'm into that kinda thing #teamJacob.
Sure, we went during Happy Hour so the prices on some of the items were a little cheaper. But between the four of us, each getting at least one (DELICIOUS) alcoholic beverage, we came out paying $100 before tip. I'm more than cool with that. Throw in a wacky, dumpling themed decor (they're everywhere. Even in the bathrooms) and you're in for a unique night, to say the least. And while I rarely encourage anyone to follow the advice of Sylvia Plath (for assorted reasons), I think she'd make a hell of a food critic.Cute interior. The food was good, the server double checked that we knew how to eat the soup dumplings (we told him we were experts), and the food was delicious. A little bit pricy, but it's so good.This place is really really fun, with an interesting twist on dumplings and dim sum food. We got a LOT of food, because it all looked so good that we wanted to try as much as we could. The pork soup dumplings were the best, and the spicy beef dumplings, jade dumplings, pac man buns and the green beans were great too. We got a pitcher of one of their cocktails, and it was a really gracious size. Yummy food, and great drinks. The decor is very young and fun, too. Just a great place for a dinner out.Before I die, one of the items I would like to have on my final plate would be the Italian roast pork bao from BingBing. They are simply amazingggg.
Recently visited 'BB' for a happy hour with a few freinds for the first time and I'm so glad we did. All of the items we had were outta this world, and to boot, they were discounted for happy hour. We had the green beans, Italian pork bao, soup dumplings, and this amazing pretzel bread thing (forget what it's called) and every plate was delicious.
Being a huge fan of their other restaurant, Cheu noodle bar, I had to visit BingBing and I'm glad to say I'm now hooked on both locations. Great job, guys! You will always have a fan in me!!This place is absolutely amazing. It's a small little gem with not a whole lot of seating so you want to come right when it opens / happy hour begins, otherwise you will be waiting a little bit. I was initially hesitant bringing my 1 y/o here b/c of the lack of room and his mischievousness. However, the staff was very friendly and understanding w/ him and brought him his own little ninja chopsticks for him to get distracted w/. Food came out right away, I don't have anything negative to say about it. They were accommodating when I asked for no pork in the fried rice platter. They also were quick to gather the steam plates off our table when we were finished with them. 
All in all, I recommend this place to everyone I know. The only thing I wish for is that this would be located in Northern Liberties to feed my addiction to their dim sum. 
Also, PAC MAN BUNS! - get those!I love dim sum and dumplings and was told this place was bomb. Overall I loved it! The place is cute and in a quirky little area. It has a small interior that is cozy and hipstery. The food was great- definitely not classic dumplings or bao. The taste overall was great- not the best bao I have ever had, but definitely would recommend for a little change of taste buds if you like chinese bao/dumplings.Caterpillar bun, any bao bun, and the short ribs are wonderful. Beer selection is pretty sound as well. Staff is attentive and cheerful. Will be back soon.If you're looking for a fun restaurant with delicious food and reasonable prices, look no further! My boyfriend and I recently went to Bing Bing and loved it! The atmosphere was unique and casual, the service was excellent, the drinks were unique and the food was delicious! The caterpillar bread was an amazing dish and super unique. We also loved the crispy lamb rolls with sesame chimi churi. They had really cool drink specials. One of which included a matcha tea drink with egg whites. The milk money cocktail was also wonderful. This was a great place to go for a date, but would also be an awesome spot to grab dinner and drinks with friends. I'll definitely be returning soon!Switch up some of the menu sometimes guys. And bring back the wings!! 
Love, 
a localGreat meal. Ben and Sean are food gods. Yet they don't let go to their heads. Sunday happy hour is a steal. Starts at 3:00. $5 apps. Lots of choices.Still 5 stars.. my favorite restaurant in all of Philadelphia. Service is excellent food is quality fresh and new as well as cocktails. Great happy hour, quick got take out. Keep it up!We dined here late last Sunday night. We opted to eat outside for a more quiet experience as the restaurant was quite popular. The service was spot-on. We thank Michelle F for her recommendations and attentiveness. Everything we ordered was outstanding. We enjoyed a pot of highly aromatic Lemongrass tea which was perfectly brewed and flavorful. A fine start to an outstanding meal. We shared our entrees of Red Curry Shrimp and Duck Wonton Noodle Soup. My taste buds headed into the stratosphere. The food was fresh, hot, flavorful, and beautifully balanced. The next time I'm in town, I'll gladly return to Bing Bing Dim Sum!In reality, is give it 3.5 but rounded up
1. Waiting. They call when your table is ready. This is a good call for a restaurant that doesn't take reservations. It's not their fault that all the bars in the area were standing room only 
2. Seating/ ambience- just note that you can be sharing a table w strangers, who are in their early 20s. It's OK, this is part of the experience. Speaking of young hipsters, this place is full of them. The decor is kitschy w a nod to Christmas lights seen @dumpy Chinese restaurants. The dumpling art wall in the bathroom was my fav decor. 
3. Food/ Value. This isn't dim sum in china town. This is interpretation of dim sum in east passyunk that is currently overrun w hipsters. Don't complain that it's not "authentic", it's not supposed to be. My suggestion would be ordering 1 of each item in the menu then double up if you like something.  All the dumplings were worth trying and creative. The sunny side egg on turnip cake was a nice departure from the original. Stay away from chicken wings - too soggy and sauce is not good. 
4. Drinks. Monkey shoulder is a perfect beginner scotch. I didn't try the cocktails bc I am too old to mix sugar and alcohol. But please, have either more beers on tap or get some bottled beer. Why do you force your patrons to drink brooklyn lager out of a can? 
5. Service. Friendly, but am pretty sure they hire based on persona than experience. Like, timing on when to bring out rice was all off.
Overall worth trying. Prefer cheu food / experience over this place but it's new and am sure will get better w more days under its belt.What a great addition to the neighborhood. I used to have a house down the street prior to all these great restaurants opening up. We dined on dim sum pork ribs, all delicious. Service was friendly and accommodating as we dined alfresco.Be warned: the service here is appalling. I have never been treated with so little respect at an establishment in my life. You will also have to wait at least an hour, which is fine, as long as once you sit down, it is worth it!Passed this place all the time. Decided to try some place different. Tonight that place was Bing Bing Dim Sum. 
Tried the Scarlet Dumplings, ribs and one of their rice dishes. The food was descent. It's a place where you go and sample a few things. I say that because their portions are small. If you're really hungry, this may not be the place to go. However, I'll visit again when I want something light.Each time I go to this place it gets better and that's saying a lot considering I probably would have given it 5 stars the first time I came in. The atmosphere is funky and laid back. There are little dumpling characters all over the walls and stringed lights throughout the restaurant. The place is not that big so you often have to wait for a table but the bar is first come first serve. They have outdoor seating as well for when the weather is nice. The beer selection is decent and they have some creative mixed drinks that are available by glass and pitcher. 
Food: You can't go wrong with anything! Everything I have had here is good but a few of my favorites are the Taiwanese beef dumplings, roast Pork bao and the wok fried udon noodles. The food is far from authentic but that is what makes it great. They always have a special that seems to change almost daily. Follow them on instagram for posts that will make your mouth water. Last night the special was a hand drawn noodle soup that was amazing.The drinks are incredible and very inventive. Definitely get a cocktail. I had a tropical mai-tai type drink made with gin and there was tapioca balls in the bottom, and I would drink that all day err'yday. The whiskey one that was spicy and grassy and INCREDIBLE makes me wish I were still a bartender.
The food was fine. I went two months ago and can't remember a single dish we had. The "creative" dishes missed the mark every time, and the more traditional stuff was unimpressive at the price point. 
I find the interior decor to be a little racist masked by being "fun and funky".
I would maybe consider going back for a happy hour when it's a little less expensive. I think the medium-to-fair food would be worth it then.
I just don't know what didn't translate to the new place. Cheu is SO GOOD.Spicy lamb dumplings...wow. Other dishes are pretty good.  They get crowded and the bar is small. Servers are friendly and they have ample outdoor seating. Dishes could be a little spicier but just my preference.Very cool, small, well decorated asian place. Small menu, meant for sharing. The dim sum portions are perfect for two or four. Get a pitcher of punch and a bunch of dumplings. Wasn't entirely thrilled with the bang bang chicken bowl, but the experience was perfect otherwise. 
Very clever; great addition to passyunk.Didn't love it. Out of 4 dishes I only would order one again the pork caterpillar bread. The filling was savory and the dough was flavorful.
The scarlet dumpling fell apart, not an excellent dumpling consistency. I'll admit I don't like spicy so the other two items are not on my radar chicken dumpling and cucumber salad. But my companions loved them, so maybe give them a go.The plates here are solid and taste great but there were several small issues that would've been insignificant on their own but piled up on top of each other. 
We ordered a pot of lapsang souchong and four small plates, cauliflower, caterpillar bread, pork soup dumplings, and double cooked ribs. They have a small basket of condiments on the table including soy sauce, black vinegar, chili sauce, and something in a mustard squeeze bottle. 
The caterpillar bread was one of the first small plates to come out and I wish it had been the last because it was incredibly sweet. The menu mentions "caramelized honey" but it doesn't prepare you for how the bottom of the soft, white, doughy roll will literally be soaked in honey. It was delicious but definitely not the right dish to start off a meal with.
The pork soup dumplings are alright. The dumpling wrapper is pretty thick and doughy, I'm used to the paper thin kind so it was kind of a let down. The broth tasted fine but the meat of the dumpling was underwhelming in the face of the wrapper. I wouldn't recommend the dumplings here. 
They provide you with very cheap wooden chopsticks that are shredded at the ends. Both my date and I suffered from minuscule splinters after dinner. I'm also surprised at the cheap plasticware they serve their food/tea in. I would have assumed ceramic teacups at the very least but it's the same level of quality as you would find in the houseware section of the large Vietnamese grocery stores on Washington Ave. What is the point of serving great lapsang souchong tea if it's in plastic?? 
The plates were good but it would have been nice if they had considered the order of the plates instead of serving them at random. I understand the idea of family style ordering but when it comes to small plates, it would be best to impose some sort of structure.I suppose it takes a special pallet to enjoy what's on offer at this restaurant - I don't possess that pallet.  We tried a fairly good example of what was on the menu; there is nothing that would tempt me to return.  This was a onetime unique Experience.I love this place. The food is delicious, and the staff is excellent. It had been a highly anticipated addition in my household, and has not let us down since opening. My only complaint is the small venue, and I swear, I always end up at that middle triangle table but I understand that you can't do too much about space. It kind of seems to be these guys' MO, considering the small venue of Cheu also. Warmer months create additional space on the sidewalk which is my favorite.When we got to try out bing bing dim sum they were out of the item we wanted. For such a limited menu it's horrible to run out of soup dumplings. For the price the portions are small and the drinks are weak. The atmosphere was fun but don't think I would visit againOur party of 2 was seated right away on a Friday night. The place is much more casual than we expected and we sat at a communal table. Right away we noticed it was extremely hot in the restaurant, almost unbearable. We tried to be reseated outdoors, but the wait was too long. Our service was pretty efficient and we each ordered cocktails, which were both very good, around $10 each. We shared 4 plates: the pork soup dumplings (our favorite of the four), pac man bun with shrimp patty, rice noodle rolls, and the pastrami bao. We didn't care for the pastrami at all but the others were good, however, our enjoyment was stifled by the extreme temperature. Would return for the fun atmosphere and interesting dishes.We had walked down the street on Valentine's Day and saw them making the dumplings through the window. Tonight we finally got the chance to go for dinner and we enjoyed every minute. I was glad we took the advice of another review and went early.  We were seated immediately and fell in love with the artsy atmosphere and caring waitstaff. I loved the jade dumplings, turnip cake and two vegetable dishes, pea leaves and fried cauliflower. We also had the soup dumplings and the pastrami bao. I didn't get much of those so they must've been excellent also. We decided to end the meal with the chocolate bao. We loved that so much we were fighting over the leftover chocolate dip. All in all a wonderful experience, I'm  glad we got to get some dumplings tonight! We will be backLoved the food although it is not authentic dim sum. My favorite was the lamb rolls. No complaints on the food. The price is twice as much as the Asian dim sum though.Food quality: 3 stars.  Value: 0. Would I go back?  No time soon.   Damn, that's some expensive dim sum.  Cheu is far better. Go there.Tried out Bing Bing on a Saturday night and they hype was justified! The place was packed and the vibe was electric. They had Tired Hands saison beer on tap, which is my favorite brewery and the beer just rocked. The waiter suggested 5 different dim sum plates which we shared and it was plenty of food and we loved each and every dish. We had the brussel sprouts, turnip cake, lamb rolls, caterpillar bread and shrimp dumplings.  The flavors were outstanding and the textures sublime. The music is loud inside and the crowd is young but it was not unpleasant. We will be back very soon to enjoy!!!Awesome dim sum restaurant from the same crew as Cheu noodle bar. The pork bao was a nice play on the south philly roast pork sandwich. Caterpillar bread is also very good.
Don't expect super authentic dim sum --- more like dim sum fusion.damn good stuff. not quite the level of what Cheu did for the scene, but damn good nonetheless, and worth seeking out.Didn't get what all the hype was...I suppose their dishes were interesting, but as most trendy hipster Asian fusion restaurants are, the food itself was not amazing especially for the price. We tried a variety of dishes at the bar, including some happy hour dumplings, a pitcher of alcohol (which was a good deal although not alcoholic). Pork soup dumplings had a weird taste; probably the best dish were the red dumplings. Overall not super impressed, but a fun vibe.As much as I love their other Ramen location, I have to be humble about my ratings for Bing Bing. The food was decent but pricey and lacked quantity. Chinatown can offer twice the quality and quantity for half the price. I hope they learn this lesson as these guys are brave culinary entrepreneurs and it would be great to see them expand. I also hope they open more ramen locations!!!For the last year, I've been stalking the opening of Bing Bing.  I live half a block away, so I'd peer in the windows, longingly, every time I walked by.  I voraciously read every single piece of news about the long awaited grand opening.  They finally opened in mid-February and my husband and I got a chance to visit a week or so after they opened.
Overall, I feel like it was not worth the anticipation.
When you first walk in, it's hard to remember the space was once a shabby Mexican takeout joint.  They did a nice job with the decorations (very hipster, but I liked it) and they made the most out of the weirdly shaped triangular space.  But then you notice the communal seating.  I do not like communal seating... on this visit, they put the two of us, side by side, across from another party of two at a picnic bench.  It was awkward.  I couldn't look straight unless I wanted to stare at a stranger.  
As for the food, the prices are pretty standard for a trendy, small-plates type of place.  I typically don't have a problem spending around $7 or $8 for a few bites of food, if said food is delicious.  Unfortunately, I was not blown away by our dishes.  Here is what we ordered:
PAN FRIED BAO     $7   (2) mushroom & smoked cheddar (V)
   - I thought these were ok, but $7 for two was a little too much.  It came with a side of homemade Russian dressing, which the busboy prompted removed from our table when I had taken maybe two bites of my bao.  Womp womp.
POTATO DUMPLING     $6  (5) horseradish & dill (V) (GLUTEN FREE)
    - yuck,yuck,yuck!  I did not like these AT ALL.  First of all, they were so bland and didn't come with a sauce of any kind.  Also, the consistency was just not good.  Also, why is it $6 for 5 teeny tiny little dumplings?  If they had seafood or some special ingredient, ok, sure.  But for just potato?
FRIED CAULIFLOWER     $8   shrimp salt, lemon, scallion (GLUTEN FREE)
   - This was my favorite dish of the night.  But really, it's not much different than the spicy cauliflower I can make at home.  And when I make it at home, I get entire baking tray for like $4.
TURNIP CAKE     $7   matzo meal, fried egg, maple, bonito (V)
    - This isn't something I would typically order, but I took the advice of some of my fellow Yelpers and tried it out.  I thought it was pretty good.  Definitely a different type of dish.  Of the dishes I tried, this was the only one whose price was on par with its portion size and quality.
Overall, A-OK is exactly how I feel about Bing Bing.  This won't become my go-to place on Passyunk but I would be interested in checking it out again and hopefully feeling more than just OK about this spot.Friendly service, delicious food (try the spicy cucumber), chill but funky atmosphere/decor. I'm only writing a review because I took my mom there on Saturday and she wanted to tell someone at the restaurant that the plants need watering (I promised I'd pass along the message).3.5 stars would be more appropriate I think. Tried the pork bun, shrimp dumpling, soup dumpling and chicken rice bowl. All were good nothing really outstanding. Very Hipster like atmosphere. I would always choose China town but it was rush hour and this was closer.I really wanted this to be great.  I am a fan of pastrami, but not a fan of pastrami bao.   I think some of the fusions at Bing-Bing are way off.  The scallion pancakes were one of the worst I've ever had, over-fried, black on the bottom and hard.  Dumplings and cauliflower were good, but nothing that I would ever go out of my way for.  Prices are much higher than traditional china town prices with much smaller portions... A freakin' 10 dollar standard waffle that came with a side of chocolate sauce?  No thanks!  Props for the beer selection and creativity, but I'll be continuing to go out of my way for nom wah and dim sum garden.I heard from some people they loved this place and some weren't impressed so I gave it a try to see what was up. I had a great experience here. First of all the staff is great! Everyone we came in contact with was friendly and efficient. 
Soup dumplings were Delish as well as the green beans. I loved the ginger scallion rice bowl too. The cold sesame noodles were good but a little spicy, which it does say on the menu. Our waiter saw we didn't eat much of these and when we said they were great just a little too hot for our liking he took them off our bill. Totally unnecessary but a very nice gesture. The only thing I wasn't super crazy about were the shrimp dumplings. Not bad just not as impressive as the other foods. 
Great artwork on the walls and super cool vibe. Thanks bing bing!Food is delicious I will recommend it to everyone. Chocolate bao is amazing I practically collapsed at the table. If you're in the mood for savory Asian with a twist please come eat hereI get it I'm a spoiled New Yorker. The ambiance is great and when we got there at 11:59 there was a line waiting for them to open at 12. Was it that inventive? Not really. I thought it would be like Red Farm in New York (pastrami egg rolls, etc.) but it wasn't. Everything was fine. It just wasn't as good as I thought it could be. But I am spoiled. So it's a cool place for Philly.Dined at this restaurant with a friend this evening. Could not speak higher of our experience. The food is truly inventive and flavorful. We sampled a variety of dim sum dishes and split the entree bang bang chicken. Everything was piping hot and delicious. The flavor combinations though perhaps strange on paper were so complimentary. We shared a pitcher drink as well which was delicious and didn't skimp on the alcohol content. Severs were all on their A game checking in and removing dishes promptly. Will definitely be back and am very excited to see such an inventive venture locally!So yourself a favor and remember the save room for dessert! The chocolate bao buns are AMAZING. I came here on a Wednesday night and there was about a half hour wait. My favorite thing on the menu are the soup dumplings, the Pac Man buns mainly because they have scrapple on them and the Pastrami Bao Buns. If your on East Passyunk Ave, this is a great addition to the street. If there is a long wait at Cantina, I definitely recommend venturing across the street and checking out this restaurant as an option!Loved the vibe here, service was awesome & food was delicious! Recommend the crispy lamb rolls & spare ribsAsian-fusion "dim sum" in a hip, trendy atmosphere with a prime corner location in the heart of E Passyunk/South Philly. Good for happy hour with nice specials, but don't expect much in terms of the food. While I love Asian fusion, even if it strays from traditional Asian flavors, this really falls flat (flavor is simply lacking). I don't go for a great meal, but I go for a fun environment with friends.Delicious food, great ambience and wonderful drinks. Definitely recommend for those looking for a fun restaurant for date or girls night out. Went with a friend and we tried a bunch of different items on the menu, but the spicy lamb dumplings, soup dumplings and caterpillar bread was our favorites by far.