While the service was great I thought that the food was only ok. I was with a party with  like 11 people, and we got the like five course pasta meal. The pastas were mainly cheese based dishes which I didn't like, but it was a lot of food so I didn't mind.The food and service were pretty average -- I guess about what you would expect from a "Restaurant School." I ate in the Italian Room, which offers self-serve Bread, Salad and Soup and then a Five-Course all-you-can-eat Pasta Meal. At $13 a person, you get a lot of food for quite a low price. 
However, the two waiters were very awkward. They hovered over us and seemed pretty aloof. They had no idea what anything was on the menu and had to "go check" a few times what the next course would be. 
It's a great choice if you're looking for something cheap, fast and filling, but don't expect it to impress anyone.My boyfriend and I had a 6:15 reservation tonight. We were floored at how amazing our service, food, and overall experience was! Joshua met us at the door and was so nice, Carlo gave us a tour of the different rooms, and Kelsy was our server. Kelsy was warm, welcoming, accommodating, and very professional. Our food was INCREDIBLE. We can't wait to go back to try more of the fall menu! Thank you Joshua, Carlo, and Kelsy for making our night so special.I am an alumni to TRS and met a fellow alumni there for dinner one night. The Italian rom was our favorite when we were in school so we decided to try it for old time's sake. It was fun talking to the students about classes and how they felt about their future. The "do-it-yourself" salad bar was nice but I honestly missed the traditional caesar salad that they used to serve daily. I still have yet to taste a better salad than the old TRS caesar salad recipe. The bread was super hard and when we asked for more, we never saw any. The soup was bland and watery. The concept of serving tiny portions of every pasta (about 8 I think?) was a good idea but every pasta was severely and horribly overcooked. By the time it got to my plate it was the consistency of baby food, all the pasta had fallen apart. That wasn't even the worst part... There was little to NO salt in ANY of the pasta dishes! I was embarrassed and sad that our dining experience wasn't at all what we remembered.  
We both decided that maybe it was a bad night and will probably give it another shot. Maybe a different restaurant this time? I gave it 2 stars because I KNOW they can do better. 
If you decide to try the Italian Trattoria room, you should bring your own salt...and your grandmother who wears dentures.Dinner was good!  Service was outstanding and atmosphere was really nice.I really felt stupid after I got in there! How could I leave in west philly for so long and not visit this place?!
The decor is the best I have seen (specially in the Mediterrenean section). You just feel like sitting there for hours. Good for big parties? YES!! Definitely!
The food was not the best I ever ate, but it was some home style nice pasta which was lovely for me. I tried the italian cuisine in which they serve 5 types of pasta+soup and ceaser salad for...13$!!! Unbelievable, hmm? I know!
The staff were pretty nice and helpful. They explained every food they brought and make you feel comfortable.
MAKE SURE you visit the restrooms! Just saying :D ;) It is located in the bar section... which is very beautiful as well :DHoused in an elegant Victorian complex with a courtyard and several mansion-like wings, this is a respected institution among Philadelphia restaurateurs. Following eight months of intense instruction, teams of students plan a menu and then take over the ground floor to serve the public for eight weeks. You have four dining choices, and since the students are paying for the right to cook for you, prices are extremely low. The formal, more expensive restaurant, Great Chefs of Philadelphia, is housed in a totally renovated parlor-dining room, and the city's premier chefs, who serve as mentors, are as active in the kitchen as the student staff. Three casual restaurants - traditional American, Italian, and a brasserie - offer a wide array of options, including three-course meals for as low as $13, with varying degrees of success. Like lab rats, diners are exposed to a variety of experiments, and while some are less pleasant than others, none will prove to be fatal. Given the inconsistencies inherent in such a program, a grade of three stars is a fair assessment overall.Great cocktail menu and the dinner menu had good variety. The quality of the food is above average and we left the place very satisfied and stuffed! The students are definitely young and getting in the valuable experience, but we very much enjoyed our group dining experience. 
My flatbread appetizer was very difficult and chewy to eat but all of the other dishes made up for it. From our cocktails, bread/butter/jam selection, to the seared tuna (a bit too well done but still good) and pistachio cheesecake.. the entire experience was fun. Highly recommend this place for a group or special occasion. And HUGE plus: ample parking!!!Not one of the prettier or more interesting works of architect Samuel Sloan.
The food on the other hand...This is another review for their community classes and not their restaurants...
This is my first class with The Restaurant School and I'm taking the 6 week Intro to Culinary Arts course - and so far (4 weeks in) it's been awesome. I can totally see how this would depend almost 100% on the teacher, but our instructor is awesome, the assistant chefs are great, and its every bit as hands on as I was hoping. 
The classes are a bit pricey - can't remember the exact cost, but I think it was in the neighborhood of $325. However, this is over 6 weeks, making it a much better deal then Viking Cooking School and some other spots out there, and I feel like we get to do so much more. 
Everyone cooks everything, there is always food to take home, and there's tons of tips and insights that the instructors have to just throw out during the class. Its a shame there isn't a longer program available, because a lot of the classes do seem a bit rushed, but over all, I'm having a great time and would recommend it to any one seriously interested about getting into a massive kitchen and being let lose.I've been coming here off and on for years.  Usually lunch, sometimes dinner, and sometimes the pastry shop.  the food is always on point.
To the reviewer who didn't know this was a school, THAT'S THE POINT!!!  How can students get experience serving a full restaurant if they don't do it.  How can get they get experience with catering events if they never do one?  The students learn hands on.  I once ordered a bottle of champagne, and the student waiter had to call over a manager because they never opened a bottle before.  You pay for the ingredients, and because of the school, they get a lower tuition than it would be to cover the cost of all of that food.  Can you imagine the cost if they DIDN'T get money from the shops?  Those ingredients aren't cheap.
Back to the review...
Pastry shop - I go here like 2x a week.  The Lemon cookies are TO DIE FOR.  The breads, fantastic.  In fact every dessert I've ever gotten has been spot on, except for an apple pie with way too much cinnamon.
Lunch - very reasonable.  When I'm stressed out, I go there and eat there, but normally I get it to go.  If you follow them on facebook you can see their menu.  I go about 2x a week.  Their specialty menus, German food for Oktoberfest, Indian for Diwali, are always fantastic.  Soups are generally ok, the best is the tomato soup in the summer.Great meals, great service, great presentation.  Top quality food at inexpensive prices.  what more could you ask for?This place is precious; that's why it originally had 5 stars. 
But my paella was burnt = minus a star.
Ok, 4 stars it is since I know I'm going to go back. Minus the paella, my meal tasted delicious and the courses were introduced at the perfect intervals allowing good conversation and smooth digestion to occur.  
With 4 cuisines to choose from, I chose the French Bistro (3 courses for under $25) with 2 of my gal pals. From the calamari to the yellow curry-French infused soup, it was certainly tasty. For the desserts, we had crepes, this apple thingy, and this alcohol/fruit-in-a-martini-glass that they set aflame in front of me. Yum for caramelized fruit!
Service: almost everyone here is in training to be a host, a waitress, a cehf, etc for a 5 star hotel/restaurant. So don't blame them if they're staring at your still unfinished plate or filling your glass up to the brim and then saying a quiet "Shit!" For that price, it's totally worth it.A sit down meal is not the only option here.  Don't forget the pastry shop.  Just stop by for an amazing selection of mostly bad-for-you edibles at great prices!My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary and tried their special holiday buffet. As soon as we walked in we were greeted with smiling faces and a warm & welcoming environment. 
The place is split into four different sections, each with it's own menu and theme. We  passed through the main "courtyard", decked out to look like an outdoor courtyard in Europe, and were seated in the cozy "American Heartland" section. The atmosphere was very enjoyable, as we took many pictures to remember our experience by! 
We had  a 9:30 reservation, and while the buffet closed at 10 (my mistake!), they weren't pushy to rush us out at all. 
We didn't order wine, but their selections of beer is reasonably priced at $3 each.  
Overall the buffet was very filling and delicious, and the staff was friendly.  I would recommend this place to anyone, whether a big group or for a romantic date. We will definitely be repeat customers to get a chance to sample their regular menu.The restaurants are a great value, but the full compliment of stars is specifically for the Pastry Shop.
At the pastry shop, they sell cakes, pies, croissants, danishes, cookies, and bread (including baggettes) at bargain prices.  You can buy a velvet torte (cake) for $15 and, if you love chocolate, it will make you cry.  Check out the website-they have a list of cakes that they can make to order.
**Update**
The prices nearly doubled at the beginning of the new year, but they brought them back down (thank you!).  I paid $2.50 for a big, delicious blackberry crumble muffin and a cinnamon danish (still warm).This is an amazing experience. I recommend The Great Chefs. Tim and Gino served us and did an outstanding job. The food and service was excellent. Others have give mixed  reviews I don't know why because despite the fact that students are preparing and serving your meal and do a very good job.i never actually ate food from there but i did take an amazing 1-week cooking class there this past summer... we made some amazing foods, and i got to see the decor and it was beautiful... i remeber they were doin some redecorating in the hall way in soo it probably looks even nicer now.There are actually four choices of restaurants to dine in. It has been years since I have been here, but we were always pleased with our meals and service. Perhaps they have gone down hill a bit, after seeing the other reviews? The menu's change seasonally and the prefix prices can't be beat. Each restaurant features a full bar and wine service. 
The four restaurant choices are: 
Guests can choose to dine at the elegant Great Chefs of Philadelphia restaurant, whose menu is developed by some of Philadelphia's most notable chefs. The European Courtyard is a theatrical public square with beautiful storefronts, cobblestone paths, and terrace dining. The Italian Trattoria features casual dining with regional Italian pasta specialties. The American Heartland is an American treasure serving a contemporary approach to traditional American fare. 
We had a very dear friend who was a professor in Philadelphia and he loved taking us to the theatre, his private gentleman's clubs and this was one of his favorite places to go. I miss John, he has since passed and I also miss going here. 
Did I mention they have an awesome pastry shop with incredible goodies? I think you should check them out, it is a great dining experience.This is hard to rate because its young minds in training. However, I do not discriminate and only believe my review can encourage something more . The atmosphere is different and a little outdated. The service was excellent and I enjoyed watching these individuals learn the business of fine dining. I would encourage a better menu and better ingredients.My husband and I have been there for dinner and been to the bakery.  We have also toured the school.   It has different sections in which to dine.  There is an American, Italian, The Great Chefs and a bakery.  You are getting a fantastic meal, excellent service for such an inexpensive price.  You are definitely getting a gourmet meal!  We stopped in the bakery on our way to a party and picked up a layer cake with raspberry filling.  It was a hit!  If you aren't used to driving in the city, as I am not, it can be difficult to navigate for a parking spot and to know how to avoid traffic.  Also, they close during the summer as the students are on break!Wonderful discovery of the best cream puffs with fresh whipped cream at Walnut Hill College Restaurant School Pastry shop today.
There they have real fresh whipped cream with just right amount of sweetness. I have been disappointed by many cream puffs by different places up to now, this place gave very satisfactory and beyond expectation cream puffs. One puff is 2.25 dollars plus tax, while even at Acme you end up paying 2.99 dollars per piece for a puff and cream with preservatives to last 4 days.
I bought a croissant, a brioche, a baguettes, while other bread such as pain de compagne, etc. looked artisan.
Croissant was overbaked, real, tasted salty butter. Brioche was salty side rather than sweet. The baguette looked crispy - but only the tips of the baguette. The middle part was not as sturdy as I hoped.
Overall, salty taste dominant among all what I bought.
Nevertheless, I strongly believe this place is a hidden pastry treasure hunting including this cream puff. The puff is about 2 inches in diameter, 3 inches plus heights. It is really worthy to visit when you have leisure time.
The eclair is nicely dressed with hand made chocolate fancy plate. Inside is REAL custard with humble sweetness.
Future chefs are working hard under master chefs - whom I saw in the store.
I have no experience at the restaurant itself, but for pastries, highly recommended.
They accept credit cards, atmosphere is small, low-key with mega quality.I gave them 4stars because it's truly a hidden gem. Gourmet food,prepared by chefs in training,at reasonable prices! What's not to love? Support the students and give them a chance!the Pastry is so tasty. But the service lady is so arrogant like I owe her sth. I came this morning near 7:30am , It seems she cannot stand my taking time to select and staring at me angrily, so I have to select scone quickly. no other guests waiting at that time, so I do not understand that. So if you want to go Pastry, do not go in the morning.Have worked in University City for over 20 years and just made it here last evening. I was pleasantly surprised. The staff/students were all quite friendly and eager to please, from coat check to bar to waitstaff. At times, the service was disjointed, but what they lacked in organization, they made up for in effort. We dined in the international restaurant and there was something for everyone on the menu...and three courses for $21. Appetizers included scallops, bao bun with pork belly and goat cheese pierogies with carmelized onion. Our table chose boef pot au feu, salmon, cavetelli with duck ragout. The chef even improvised a vegetarian entree for my friend. Desserts were stunning and yummy, too. They even brought out homemade chocolates with the check. Overall, we had a lovely evening and I would certainly go back. The rooms are gorgeous, btw....Took a cooking class here with my husband and we were both pretty disappointed. 
Not many good things to say about our experience here.
First, we had to bring many of our own supplies (knives, dish towels, etc). This wasn't a big deal, but it's also sort of inconvenient if you want to take public transportation and you have to walk around with a few really large knives in your bag. 
As for the actual class, we didn't feel like we learned anything at all. Basically, the instructor gave us some recipes and told us where the ingredients were to make them.  Each pair/couple picked something off the list of recipes to make and voila, that was it. We spent the rest of the class cooking on our own. Granted, the instructor was there to help if you had questions, but it was much less a cooking "class" than a "ready, get set, COOK." 
We had a good time, but we really wish we could have LEARNED something here. I hope they improve their classes and "teaching" technique.The pastry in the bakery is well worth it, especially the chocolate panache cake. Great for birthdays. On a last minute decision, I came here for lunch at 2pm for the first time. think I might not get a table for 2 since its at a odd time, but I did. Their menu vary on the day, because the students at the college prepares them. 
I got chicken and waffles. It was inexpensive and surprisingly really good. It was just the right amount of food, and a good balance of sweet and savory. I would come back just for the chicken and waffles. 
There is an upstairs as well, and a balcony. I imagine it would look really pretty at night for big dinner parties. The decor is quite unique. Highly recommended for lunch. Would go back for dinner one day.This review is only for the pastry shop, it is my go to place for cakes/baked goods when we have visiting faculty or special occasions--been using them for over 7 yrs
Very reasonably priced and delicious
Sometimes there are hits and misses depending on the talent of students that semester --ie crooked piping and once I bought a chicago cheesecake that was def undercooked in the middle (eep!!) but 2 duds in a span of 7 yrs of excellence and on the cheap too--I'll take it!
Just be sure to either call it in well in advance or plan to show up first thing in the a.m., otherwise all of their cakes are gone around 10ishMy and girlfriend and I went here for a Beer vs Wine four course meal, and it was a great experience. The interior of the place was nice and classy. The students were doing very well as servers and the food was amazing. The sea bass I had was so tender and perfectly cooked, definitely the highlight of the meal! I would recommend to anyone to give it a shot because these students really work hard and the food is as good as any fine dining restaraunt.Review is for the Pastry Shop.
Came around 9am on a Monday morning and what was in the cases looked good - on one side there were muffins, danishes, etc, and on the other large and small cakes/tarts. They all looked good, too bad it was a little too early in the morning!
I really wanted to try the croissants but there weren't any set out and the cashier didn't know when or if they'd be coming out. Disappointed, I asked for a danish, but that's exactly when a fresh batch of croissants came in, hooray! I don't know if they only make one batch a day or if they continuously refill the case throughout the day, but I think it could be better coordinated. 
Got a croissant and a fruit tart for my friend (which looked great). The croissant was pretty soft but on the buttery side, and I think it was tastier just because it was warm and fresh. An hour and a half later, when I was leaving, I walked by the case again and there was a huge selection of ham&cheese, chocolate, and almond croissants. I wouldn't mind trying the whole family.
The coffee was nice, too. Nothing crazy mindblowing, but there are free refills which is a great deal for ~$1.
Lastly... The decor inside is amazing!!!!! The ladies' bathroom is amazing, filled with vintage goods that you can probably buy straight from the school. The rooms of the restaurant school were all spruced up for the holidays, but it looks plenty lavish for the rest of the year. 
Will probably come back. Would love eating at any of the four restaurant sections too if I had the chance!3 months later, I'm back...
...and it might be awhile before I make a third trip.
We were a big group of 6 and ordered from 3 different menus: 
Timeliness was the biggest issue here, with both the kitchen and service at fault; (45 minutes - 1 hour for our appetizers to come out). We were also a bigger group of 6 sitting at one table and ordering from 3 different menus:  Chef's, American Heartland, and International. I had known that we would all order from different menus beforehand, so I called the Restaurant School earlier, who gave me the okay-go. However, the waitress clearly did not get the memo, and made me feel that it was a taboo thing to do.  I wouldn't harp so much on how late our drinks came since there was the post-dinner dilemma: paying.  From her standpoint (and not the instructor's), I was under the impression that it would greatly inconvenience the Restaurant School if we asked them to split up our bill such that individuals pay for what they ordered...we ended up breaking out the pen, paper, and an ababacus. Unnecessary headaches ensued. 
The actual food: 
I ordered the Heartland's shrimp and angel hair pasta appetizer, which was waaaaayyy too salty. My pork chop entree with mushroom sauce was okay; it was a thick chunk of meat, and cooked on the drier side. But dessert, a moist cake with ice cream, was awesome...my sweet tooth was singing.
Other people's comments about the International menu were overall very positive. 
Vegetarians, beware! If you order from the Chef's menu, as my friend did, as is the custom of "higher end menus," you will get approx. 5 mushrooms as an entree. Very beautifully arranged though.I know some of the reviews of this place mention "nervous waiters and waitresses" but I think that is quite unfair...
1.) They're students learning how to properly serve in a upscale restaurant and have to remember what side to serve on, how to position the silverware, the specials, etc. all while their teacher/boss watches.
2.) Depending upon what time of year you go, they can be NEW students and VERY nervous. I mean, weren't you a little shaky your first day of school???
Anyway- aside from the "nervous waitstaff"- which isn't that noticeable, the food is REALLY good. Like better than most restaurants where I cough up $150 for 2 people. There are a bunch of restaurant options in the building ranging from $13 for the Italian room which includes 3 courses to the French room that is $21 for 3 courses....SUPER REASONABLE. 
If you're in the area defnitely give this place a try. They are easy to get to, have FREE parking and are easy on your budget. You can't go wrong. :)My father went to college here so he wanted to bring us (kids) back to see the school and eat at the restaurant.. And OMG its beautiful!! It's literally like the set of a movie, I heard a movie star came and set it all up which I thought was really cool. I love the fact every room you walk into is different and so cool. We ate at the Italian restaurant, called Italian Tratorria. They had a fixed menu which had a option of a soup or salad then they started bringing out the pasta, 5  different shapes, sizes and flavors!!! Then after all that pasta they bring out the desert menu, OMG I got the chocolate bomb desert and it was amazing! I would buy them and keep them in my freezer at all times!!! This is a great place for a date night and for family dinner!Although the servers, chefs, etc are students, they do a fantastic job. The food was great and the service impeccable!I found this restaurant simply by walking by and wow was I impressed. The food was delectable and the service was superb. Everyone was incredibly nice and each dish was surprisingly complex. They also have some extra special details such as butter molded into a rose shape which pushes this place over the top. I would definitely recommend coming here!There really should be two separate entities for the restaurant school, one for the dining experience and one for the bakery.
The bakery is ON POINT 5 stars every time for the 20+ times we've been here (lastest was April 2016). 
Try the opera - it is to die for, the cheesecake is always great, the danish are also fluffy and delicious. 
been to the restaurant a couple times (2013 was our latest visit, avoided it since) and i give it a 3 star, the cabbage rabbit dish had bones in it, none of the flavors were inspiring, the room also needs some draperies to capture the sounds, it was just not a good experienceThis place was always closed when I wanted to come, so I recommend calling ahead to make sure they're open. I was so surprised by the quality of food from the culinary students and the price point! I came for a work lunch and when we first entered the dining area we had to order food from the screen on the left before taking a seat. I love the personality of each of the different dining areas, I can see why people book their weddings here!
What I tried:
* Beef brisket ($8.50) - very tender and marinated well with onion gravy and grilled mushrooms, I loved that the mashed potatoes were both creamy yet chunky at the same time
* Pizza du jour ($5.50) - lots of cheese (provolone, swiss, mozzarella) and I was surprised by how much I liked the roasted cauliflower on it (note: my pic is different from what it normally looks like because we asked them to cut it up into pieces to share)
I thought the service was just okay...I probably would have been lost if I came on my own, but luckily the people I came with knew what they were doing (where to order from rather than sit down first and ask for someone to take your order). I also think the culinary students could have explained more about the dishes when they all brought them out instead of coming out and leaving without interacting with us much. Everyone I came with also said we had to check out the pastry shop! I'm lactose intolerant and couldn't have very many of the desserts after having the pizza du jour so I got a pistachio madeleine, which was good! I want to come during another time of day to see what this place is like.Went to The Restaurant School last night, and the overall experience was awesome. We ate the "International Bistro" menu in the courtyard venue. Here's the breakdown:
Service: 5/5
Yes, the entire staff is students. Which, in this experience, meant they were more eager to please and impress than typical waitstaff. It's not just a tip riding on the service, it's their education. We were incredibly well-attended the whole time.
Ambiance: 5/5
Super cute, perhaps a little over-the-top, but a quite welcoming vaulted-ceiling courtyard with soothing fountains, great music, and all the decor meticulously well kept. We had the place practically to ourselves on a Tuesday night, which definitely helped.
Food: 4/5
VERY good. Delicious, even. Not the best ever, but super tasty. Made even better by the incredible...
...Value!: 6/5
$21 prix fixe for an appetizer, entree, and dessert. Come on, that's awesome. Portions were just right, meaning I wasn't hungry after the entree nor bloated after dessert.  I'm someone who would rather eat a very good meal at a great value, than a best-you've-ever-tasted meal at exorbitant prices. So take that as you will. 
Overall, 5/5. I would definitely come back to check out their other menu offerings and their other specialized venue experiences as well.What a great way to spend the night for something completely different . The students are always on their toes a little nervous but aim to please. There is a Pastry shop that is open during the day with exquisite desert's. There is also a lunch service during the week. More info to follow.Wow, where to start. The Restaurant School is, put quite simply, horrendous. I will outline exactly what makes it so terrible by regurgitating my experience (and quite possibly my meal) below:
1. When we arrived at the restaurant, the front door was locked. The host had to come and let us in. Strike number one.
2. The decor of the restaurant was in the category of, "so tacky, it was as if France and Italy had a baby which puked all over the restaurant".
3. After being seated, the waiter brought us our menus, and in the process, accidentally threw one on the floor.
4. When getting ready to order, the waiter had quite possibly the worst bedside manner I have ever encountered. He was awkward and unhelpful throughout the entire meal.
5. The restaurant staff graciously offered bread, which was lovely. Our options were plain, onion, everything, poppy seed, and sesame seed. I wasn't aware that The Restaurant School was also a bagel shop. I thought perhaps the bread might share flavors with bagels, but actually be regular bread, but alas, the bread was actually bagel dough. Cold, chewy bagel dough.
6. Finally, our appetizers arrive. The vegetable soup was chunky and lukewarm, with an overly strong balsamic glaze. The PEI mussels were decent, but very subpar. The "naan" that came with the mussels was more akin to focaccia, and had a distinct charcoal taste.
7. Entrée time! The pork had a decent flavor, despite being quite tough and chewy. The vegetables that came along with the pork were undercooked and somewhat tasteless. The striped sea bass was also decent, but the rice had an overpowering lemongrass taste, and the vegetables were nigh inedible. The perfect parallel to draw would be that of airline food.
8. At this point, needless to say, we were somewhat wary of what was to come next. Finally, our dessert menus arrive, after being asked if "[our waiter] can interest us in dessert, despite the fact that dessert is clearly included in the prix fixe menu, which happens to be the only choice when dining here. The dessert arrived and was quite underwhelming. The banana bread pudding was cold, but tasted relatively good. The pumpkin cake was extremely dense and a little stale.
I would highly recommend dining at this fine establishment if you enjoy awful food, or if you have extremely unrefined taste.Had dinner with 3 other couples at "The Restaurant School at Walnut Hill College" in West Philadelphia last Friday evening.  This was my first visit to The Restaurant School and it won't be my last.  All of the hosts, wait staff, and servers were friendly and knowledgeable and all were students at the school.  Enjoyed a great 3 course - Prix fixe meal and service at an affordable price in one of their four unique restaurant venue's.  Also enjoyed free parking in their monitored parking lot on school grounds at 42nd & Walnut. Highly recommended.This was my first time dining at The Restaurant School at Walnut Hill College and I can honestly say that I am impressed.  I came in for the special pop-up restaurant they are hosting this month and found the food to be spot-on. I know this is a college and the students are making/serving the food, but for a 3 course menu for $21.00, you can't beat that deal.  The appetizers were unique and tasty (we had the chestnut & blood orange pannacotta the dumplings) and the goat cheese gnudi (lamb) stew was out of this world, as was the octopus risotto.  For dessert, we had the apple crisp and the marshmallow and vodka sponge cake special.  The student servers/managers were also very attentive and explained the whole menu to our table. Overall it was an amazing dinner and I would definitely make my way back there.Oh, I wanted to love you restaurant school. I loved the idea, but in practice it was very disappointing.
Let's start with the good. The restaurant itself is uber-adorable. It was an outdoor feeling "European Market." Tables were spacious, menus were cute and the perfect amount of candle light. Our server couldn't be more charming. A good mix of terrified and helpful. She was always there to get water, bread etc. Finally, the bathroom was clean which is a big plus in my book.
Ok, so the bad... the FOOD! It was pretty terrible, god bless their souls. My entree was "Chickpea Ragout with parmesan breadcrumb crust." I've had similar dishes at other restaurants. It was literally chickpeas in pasta sauce with a sprinkle of parmesan cheese. My partner likened it to being stuck home in  snow storm and all you have is a jar of pasta sauce, can of chickpeas and kraft cheese in the fridge. You mix it up and think, "Well, that'll last until I can trek to wawa tomorrow."
My partner's food was equally unpleasant, she got the chicken. The vegetables! I'm a big veggie person, but the only veggie they had was squash, which with the same seasoning was the appetizer AND the entree.
In other news, the banana chocolate cake we had for dessert was delicious! 
Other people would probably be annoyed, but I was amused by the young-ness of the student servers. Some were seen sword fighting with giant spoons, the other doing a dance with a "fish face." We happened to be seated where they all "hang out" in between being wait staff. So, if professionalism is your thing steer clear. If you remember sweet youth enjoy the show.I've had variable experiences with staff and food from the bakery, but this last one just tops them all. I got a large tiramisu cake, small chocolate mousse, small fruit cheesecake, and 2 homemade oreos.
Tiramisu cake - wow. first off, it was just beautifully prepared. mini lady fingers were lined up vertically around the entire cake and it was held together with a ribbon. Seriously - for $16.95? Anywhere else, this would have been $25 and up. When we actually go to eat it (a couple days later with family), it was delicious. It was light, moist, the coffee flavor wasn't overbearing, and EVERYBODY loved it. Everybody, from yours truly - a sweet-tooth, where nothing is ever too sweet - to my in-laws who aren't real fans of sweet desserts, enjoyed it. When you can find a cake that can satisfy everybody - that's pretty amazing.
Chocolate mousse - wow. light, but rich in flavor, and creaminess. I didn't even care that there was a little piece of chocolate on the top. The mousse was perfect. And there was this glaze over the top that was just....mmmm
Fruit cheesecake - the fruit was fresh, sweet and juicy, and the cheesecake wasn't overly thick and dry. 
The homemade oreos were good - but I think because they were eclipsed by everything else, I'm just not going to even try describing them. 
I hope the quality stays this high. I'll definitely be back.Definitely a place to try out cuisine by students and teachers, a chance to taste all kinds of different food prepared with unique flair. The opportunity to try world-class cuisine that's still in the learning stages, and certainly fun to talk with the students and get their opinions on how and why they chose their dishes.
I've never had the same thing twice here, and that's mostly due to the fact the chefs keep graduating! Not bad overall for food, though. Servers seem a bit inexperienced for some reason? Maybe it's the constantly evolving menu on the price fixe.
Also a very good bakery on the grounds, very cheap for cakes and pastries!What a wonderful evening we had at the International Bistro of the Restaurant School on Wednesday evening, April 25!  Everything, from the hosts who welcomed us til the time we left the place was first class all the way.  It is very difficult to believe that these young men and women have not been in the field as professionals and are still students.  Our servers (Jason and Henry) were friendly, articulate, and thoroughly knowledgeable about the field.  We chatted with them for some time as we admired their enthusiasm and learning more about them and the college in general.  The menu is diverse enough to satisfy all tastes and any dietary restrictions.  All 5 of us raved about our food selections, with most having chosen the skirt steak.  The spring rolls were fabulous---flaky, stuffed, and larger than those you would find in your typical Asian restaurant.  My trout was perfectly prepared and presented,  it was delicious.  The desserts served as the perfect ending to one amazing night.  Thank you, Jason for the tour.  Thank you, Jason and Henry, for giving us a night that we won't forget.  i still can't believe that you are just sophomores.I went to the pastry shop- AMAZING!  The pastries are about $2 each (what a bargain!) My fav dessert is the eclair- so good! I had to buy a variety of desserts for my event and everyone was shocked in how good the pastries tasted. The "opera" - a chocolate cake dessert was a killer! Great job guys!This review is just for the dear Pastry Shop attached to the school.  I have been coming here for so many years & today realized I could help others find it, too, if I hyped it on Yelp.  They have the best prices for fresh baked, gourmet treats.  Their muffin selection (2 to pick from) change daily & are the moistest in the entire city.  Yes, really.  They have fresh baked bread that is perfect.  They have tiny chocolate chip cookies that are stellar.  Their cakes are soooo good.  The thing to know is you might want to call ahead if you want a particular cake, like the chocolate mousse. Call & make sure they have made some that day & haven't sold out.  Sometimes they get baked at a later class time & aren't available first thing.  But it is worth it!  They also have coffee service & nice stuff for lunch.  This place deserves to be way more popular.The other reviewer was more cautious with his stars on this one, but I have had nothing but great experiences eating at The Restaurant School. Like the other fellow said, you can dine at your choice of three different "restaurants" within the West Philly building itself. All meals on the prix fixe menus are prepared by the students, and the menu itself changes each semester.  
And, honestly, I don't think there's much room for error in any of these delicious dishes. That is to say, the menu itself is crafted by some of the area's finest chefs, who then teach the students the preparation process and oversee their progress in the kitchen. If spending $35 (the price at the Great Chefs Restaurant) sounds like a lot to pay to eat student-made food, then make a reservation at the European Courtyard restaurant, where the entire three course meal runs only $17, and where you'll still get a certifiable gourmet meal.
The desserts frequently come from the school's respected pastry shop, which is open six days a week for take-away. As with the restaurant, you can expect gourmet goods for extremely reasonable prices.I have never eaten at a Restaurant School.  I have thought about it in the past, but it was Susan from North Carolina who talked us into going there.  She says she likes to support students in their learning, so we found our way to University City to have dinner.  As you may imagine, parking is tight in this area, but they have a free lot for diners, a nice plus. 
We called to see if we needed a reservation (as their ad suggested) but they informed us they were accepting walk-ins, no reservation needed.
There were three courses, appetizer, entree and dessert with four options for starter and meal and three choices for the desert, priced at $21.00 per person. We ordered and were able to take in the courtyard that served as the dining area.
One large fountain was in the dining area, with the entire dining room built as though it were a small square in a European City, almost like we were dining outdoors.  Quite nice. 
Our server seemed very nervous, based upon his name tag he was in the Restaurant Management program.  He was pretty soft spoken and attentive to our table.  
Our appetizers came out in a timely fashion, and we each enjoyed our food, I had the Grilled Shrimp with Fruit.  It was absolutely fabulous.  Orange and Watermelon, with just a hint of grapefruit.  Totally awesome.  Topped with three large shrimp.  
Our entrees took a while to come out.  We were talking about work and realized that things were taking a while and we assumed that it was just part of the "school" piece where things might take a little longer.  Our waiter sent more bread to our table and came over shortly afterward to let us know that he was terribly sorry about the delay.  We told him it was OK and  he advised that our meal was comped.  This included the wine and all.  Totally unexpected, but three of us appreciated the gesture.  He advised it was the first day of new menu, which changes each semester, so there were a few hiccups. 
Our entrees came out a short period later.  My Duck with Manchurian Noodles was quite delicious.  The portion of duck was quite generous and sauce slightly spicy.  
Dessert was wonderful, Pistachio Cherry Torte.  A nice chocolate ganache as part of the crust. Very moist and not too large.  A great cap to a very good meal.  We are in town for a few more weeks and will definitely be back.  We were pleased with the meal and extremely shocked that they went to such lengths to mediate an issue that they identified, without so much as a whisper from us.I went tonight with my boyfriend to try their $13.95 Italian menu on opening night.
Service - Was a solid 4 stars, but it got variable during the night. Our server was very friendly, sweet and nice. But it honestly took maybe 15-20 minutes to settle our check.. 
Oh yeah, I just remembered this while typing the food. The server didn't know any of the pastas.. she would say " it's clam". Don't the dishes ahve names to them? But I heard her say to the neighboring table " This is bolognese.. sorry, I'm still trying to memorize the menu, today is our opening night". Note - I understand today is your opening night... but you really couldn't memorize the 5 different pastas you have on your menu tonight? NOT trying to be mean at all, but i can always easily recall menus..
Food - 3 stars, no more.. maybe less. If this was a regular restaurant, not by students I would be like... 2.5 stars maybe. But I do hope the students see this, just as feedback.. because in the future they will be judged on the same standards 
- Soup: beans were a little hard, it was a bit bland.. I had to add salt. There was just nothing to it. It seemed like they put all the ingredients in a huge pot, didn't saute the celery or tomatoes to get the natural flavors out.. etc
- Salad - not bad, standard the vinaigrette was pretty good
- First course: clam pasta: pasta was overcooked, taste was pretty good, I added a little salt yet again. Simple flavor, parsley, garlic, clams, tomato, pasta. Again, no development of flavor but very simple
- Second Course - penne pasta with unknown sauce (bc all she said was " this is penne" ) well duh, thats the name of the type of pasta. It almost tasted like stroganoff but it was meh. My bf and I were not fans
- Third Course - Rigatoni with tomato sauce - pasta was cooked much better, actually al dente. Sauce was meh... 
Fourth Course - Bowtie pasta with shrimp - I appreciate that the shrimp was actually deveined, and cooked well.. I hate overcooked shrimp! The sauce though.. the sauce was.. terrible :/ I'm sorry to say. but my bf and I could not finish the dish
-Fifth Course - pasta with pork - pasta was cooked well again. the meat was in huge pieces , which is great that they are generous with the meat.. but imo they should have cut it into bite size pieces restaurant appropriate. Also, the meat was not tender at all.. unflavorful
Ambience - I love it. I love the decor, think its super cute. They also have this all white room that I kinda fell in love with. If they improve their food quality.. I MAY have a birthday or celebration there. But I love food a lot, so the quality has to go up or I wouldn't go there. 
Overall, maybe it was because it was opening night. And yes they're students. But it's a GREAT value. Would I return? Yeah probably, and I'll try out their American $21 menu. But I hope their service will be a little more prompt, I hope their flavors will be a little more developed.I like eating here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Went here because at the time, my bf was thinking of going here to be a chef. Since then, I've been back about 3 times just to eat at the restaurant. One thing you'll never have to worry about here is BAD SERVICE or BAD FOOD!!!  Unlike regular restaurants, these students have something to prove because they are earning a grade!!!
The students may be a little nervous, but they aim to please!!  I highly recommend The Restaurant School!!I chose the pastry shop to buy my daughters birthday cake after seeing a great job they did on a similar cake. First issue, the lady working at the pastry shop (short wavy brown hair, older lady). She has the courtesy of a toad. Snappy and she forgot to ask me basic questions about the cake, such as what writing I wanted on it, etc. It's her job, no apologies on her end. I had to go back to the shop multiple times (and I don't live nearby), and each time she was so so rude. After dealing with her so much, I had such little confidence in the cake that I came early to pick it up on the day of the party, just to make sure it was ok. Again, rude lady with rude answers to basic questions I asked. The cake looked fine, but by the time of the party a few hours later, the fondant had cracked in multiple places. I also asked for strawberry filling in the cake (as was noted on my copy of the receipt) and I didn't get that either. I understand it is a school, students are working on the cake and there has to be some room for error, but between the poorly made cake and having to deal with meany, I won't be coming back here.(+2) Very cool atmosphere inside. Like we were in old-school Europe.
(NS) Random menu - taped on the inside of old news paper?!?
(+2) Holy delicious food batman. 
(-1) Awkward Service - like they were too hesitant or something. Maybe its the in-training thing?  Maybe there's a grader lurking around?  
(+1) Desert selectionI was really excited to try this place. We were big fans of Petite Passion until it closed last year(the school of the ICA). I hoped I could use this as a replacement. First the good things... The students are the best.Service and conversation was absolutely wonderful. The setting is also very beautiful. Unfortunately the food did not match the ambience.Having been to George's restaurants in the past this food did match his in any way. It was good but not great. Also I found it a bit pricey for what it was.In conclusion I liked the students so much that I almost did not want to write this review but I did anyway.  SorryIf you have you haven't tried this please do! However, try on a night that you're not in a rush and keep in mind they're students. The food was so tasty. It's a nice way to step out of your comfort zone without paying a huge price tag. 
They have different dining rooms and menus so ask when making a reservation.Our company held its annual Christmas dinner here.  The building was beautiful. Lavishly decorated inside and out for the Christmas season. Really lovely.
We were seated on the second floor in a private area.  The meal was set up buffet style, with several different stations.  Italian, which featured either farfalle with butternut squash or penne with meat, a carving station with brisket, a soup and fresh bread station, that soup was a crowd pleasing mushroom. So earthy and memorable. Several of us had seconds of that. I enjoyed the roasted beet salad, and there were other options as well, ceasar salad, etc.  Desserts were good, especially the coconut and lime panna cotta.  Truly delicately flavored and so light, airy and delicious.
Our group was also given a tour of the kitchens after our dinner. The staff was friendly and accomodating, each and everyone of them.I really enjoyed my dinner.   The Restaurant school allows students who are earning their degrees in Hotel Restaurant and Culinary to practice with some of the finest foods and dishes at this mock restaurant.  I am unfairly referring to it as a mock restaurant of course, as it is a very actual Restaurant and a very good one also.  
The presentations were wonderfully fun as you would expect from a restaurant school.  I would have been disappointed if it was normal, but this is a school so go nuts.  
The service was excellent and the ambiance was nice too.  The school spent some money to make this an actual restaurant instead of cafeteria.  The food was good but not great so I took off a star.  That's OK, they're learning right?  I'm not disparaging the quality which was great, the price which was unbelievable or the amount which was fine.   
The price fix of $21 for appetizer, entree and dessert was amazing.   Better than restaurant week and wine beer and liquor prices were incredible considering it wasn't happy hour.
Would and will definitely be back, was lots of fun, and the waiters defiantly are not afraid to answer questions.Wow, does bang for your buck get any better than this?
Despite having our hearts set on the Great Chefs menu, it wasn't available on the Thursday night we went (Actually, it hasn't been available since the last quarter of 2012... sad face.), so we ended up going for the International Bistro menu.
Not a bad choice at all. 
No matter which menu you order from, you eat in the same dining area. All of the food was well prepared; we felt the love. The steak was ordered medium rare, and it came out *perfectly* medium rare--the perfect shade of pink in the middle. The chefs here pull off technique perfectly, from poached egg to medium rare steak to a balanced but not soaked salad dressing (coming from someone who is usually disappointed to see that restaurants overdress salads with a pool at the bottom of a plate/bowl).
Props to the baker for the excellent bread, which was *semi* free flowing. At first they kept giving us bread, but after the first course, that service stopped. Huh. A minor suggestion would be warming up the bread for service, but it's not a huge deal.
The cheap booze is a big plus. The selection isn't the largest, but the prices are similar to what you would see for happy hour at any other establishment (including cocktails, beer, and wine).
The service was professional and exceeded expectations, especially compared to any big name restaurant in the city. The price to quality ratio at the Restaurant School is amazing, and I would totally recommend the International Bistro to anyone looking for a great meal.There are lots of options for eating at The Restaurant School, including multiple options for lunch and multiple options for dinner. I'm not reviewing any of the above. Instead, I'm reviewing their coffee/pastry shop.
This is a great pastry shop. They have a large selection of pastries, with perhaps the best chocolate croissants in town. They also have, however, very good scones and muffins and something like a raisin cinnamon roll but that comes with a fancier name that I don't recall.
In addition to the above, they also have a large selection of cookies (purchased by the pound) and a large selections of cakes, fruit tarts, eclairs, etc. I have purchased several of the cakes for work birthday parties and everyone always notes how good the cakes are.
The prices are very reasonable - much cheaper than Au Ban Pain and also generally much better tasting. 
I live nearby and the only reason I don't go back more often for breakfast pastries is the calorie thing.PROS: Beautiful interior, good service
CONS: Food was okay at best
Having passed by the Restaurant School countless times before, I was overexcited to try the special Ellis Island menu. The inside of the restaurant was sectioned off into different areas with varying themes. Though very beautifully decorated, the school offered substandard food. The worst was the eggnog tiramisu... with the overuse of nutmeg, which mixed badly with the coffee flavor. Nothing really stood out, unfortunately.Absolutely fabulous unexpected find.  Food and service are impeccable.  I have steak frites and pana cotta. Also had 2 mixed drinks.   Pricing was good.  I will be returning for more meals during my 2 week stay!Date night at Bistro Perrier @ Walnut Hill University last night was wonderful. From pictures, Bistro Perrier looked like it was modeled to look like a European Courtyard, which was what caught my eye about the place and made me want to check it out.
Food items are fairly priced and there is barely, if not any markup at all on the wines. The wine list was incredibly well curated. On this night, we decided to pair dinner with a bottle of Lagrein. 
For our appetizer, my husband and I ordered the charcuterie and French onion soup. I wouldn't recommend the charcuterie, but the duck liver mousse was actually very delicious aside from the layer of fat on top. The French onion soup was good as well.
Next, I had the lamb steak for my entrée, and my husband had the duck breast. The duck breast was beautifully cooked and the portion was huge, but oddly ended up being very chewy. I loved my lamb steak, and the side of roasted brussels sprouts.
And how could we end our night without dessert! My husband and I each had our own chocolate flourless cakes, and have to say it was THE best course of the night.
According to the Maître D', the menu changes every 10 weeks, and is prepared by a different group of students. The menu could be a completely different cuisine, so it'll be fun to revisit every few months.
FUN FACT: Jennifer Carroll from Top Chef went to culinary school here!
Parking is complimentary in a private parking lot, so no need to worry about street parking.Maybe we ate there on a bad night. I recognize it is a school and the kids are learning. However, we had a few hiccups. 
Let me say first off, the monkfish was very good.  I would say it was Philadelphia restaurant quality. However:
1. The lettuce in our salad was wilted and I don't think there was any dressing. 
2. The profiteroles were freezer burned and as hard as little stones;
3. Our young server couldn't describe the soup or what was in it.  
The kids do try very hard but I don't think we will be going back. 
Dinner was $100 per couple. 
LeeMy fiancée and I went on the first night they opened since the pandemic, and we were stunned by the quality of the service and the food. We had three courses with a wine pairing and were surprised with an amuse bouche of house-made charcuterie and wine. The French onion soup, beef bourguignon, and salmon were all outstanding in preparation and presentation. The desserts, a citrus mousse and a chocolate almond torte, were both spectacular. The staff went out of their way to make sure we were informed, comfortable, and satisfied. We look forward to coming back soon!Called a week in advance to have a cake made for a dinner with friends - one of who was celebrating a milestone birthday. Upon arrival they said the cake was never made and we could just get miniature desserts instead of the product that was promised. Service was absolutely awful and unaccommodating. On top of that, we were not notified until after being seated and starting our meal that there is a 3 drink limit. That included after dinner drinks, so no Irish coffees were even added on. I will never be going back, neither will the group I was with. Unsatisfactory service.The Restaurant School at Walnut Hill College is a hidden gem in West Philly. During the time I lived in West Philly, I've been to the restaurant for breakfast and dinner many times and frequently patronized their pastry shop. Both the restaurant and the pastry shop are worth trying if you haven't been here. When dining here, please keep in mind these are students and try to be a nice person, you will have a much better experience.
Based on the food, service, and ambiance, I'd say the school has a 3-star restaurant and 3.5-star pastry shop, but it's hard for me to round up to four stars. I also notice that they've bumped up the price over the past two years. It's still slightly cheaper than regular restaurants and pastry shops, but may not be a bang for your bucks anymore. Considering the fact that these are prepared by chefs in training and served by future restaurant managers, they've got three shining stars from me.
First, the restaurant:
Breakfast: My only dine-in breakfast experience was bad (the breakfast was served in the pastry shop then). I was hoping to grab a nice breakfast on a weekday morning, but the student in charge of making omelets that day was nervous and made many mistakes. After waiting and watching him for 20 minutes, I finally got a successful omelet on his 3rd attempt, and luckily, I have flexible working hours. Ordering a breakfast item that requires cooking can be risky here unless you have plenty of time in the morning. A pastry item and a coffee to go would be a better choice (which belongs to the pastry shop).
Dinner: My dinner visits were generally nice. The main restaurant has a unique decor. Somehow, I was only able to make reservations at International Bistro through OpenTable. Didn't know how to reserve other special menus (American Heartland and Italian Trattoria). Overall, good food (not great) and warm service. I did experience a serving incident, the student server wrongly served my entree to my friend and hers to me. After our first bite (we ordered lamb and beef), we swapped them back ourselves. It wasn't a big deal, but do expect mistakes. 
Then, the pastry shop:
I really like this cute pastry shop! They serve various pastry items depending on what the students are making on that day. It's a great spot to grab a croissant or danish and a coffee for a quick breakfast. The espresso drinks here are okay probably they don't use good coffee beans, but the price is much cheaper than regular coffee shops.
The cakes here are great! I've tried their chocolate cake at my friend's birthday party, very tasty but too sweet for me. I also ordered a whole tiramisu cake for my partner's birthday, which was such a wonderful delight! They require 24 hours for specific cake orders, but they can't customize the cakes too much because the students need to follow the school's standard recipes.
P.S.: After reading Manda's review about her suspicion on free labor, I'm alerted. I was able to tip during my dinner visits and I assumed my tips went to students. However, I'd like more transparency on its practice.Came here for a holiday dinner with my family and while the decor and service were great, the food was just okay? Most things were okay but nothing was super flavorful or stood out.
As I mentioned, the holiday decor is amazing--so many lights and themed colors! Our server was really friendly, and the student chefs were adorably awkward as they prepared food for the patrons. 
Verdict, at $60+ per person for the holiday buffet, I expected more.I stopped eating here after learning, the staff is all college students attending the school. The food is over priced, limited menu, and if that's not bad enough, they are getting free labor. 
The students cook the food, serve the food, and we are not allowed to tip. They call it a "learning experience" but all it is, is free labor. The students are paying tuition to work weekends, holidays, and late night shifts at a restaurant where the public is allowed to enjoy. After thinking it over, it should be illegal. 
Everything the students make, is sold for a profit, and no one can say it's because it's a free college, no, after slight research, the tuition is within the 40,000 range. After asking a few students during my travels, if they get anything for "free" from the profits of the restaurant and bakery, all they receive is a small discount on food that they buy on site. 
If you really think about it.....it's a travesty. If you're going to get free labor, at least offer something to the students you're..."teaching"This review is for their community classes and not their restaurants...
I've taken 2 classes there with a friend. The first was a six week Intro to Pastry Arts. The second was a cupcake class.
The Intro to Pastry Arts class was a big disappointment. I can't remember the exact cost (esp since my work blocks their website) but let's say it's in the high 200's. I really expected to learn more than I picked up watching the Food Network or from a cookbook, but  I didn't.  My friend and I had a good time though and it was fun having our own sous chef (aka students from the college)
The cupcake class was supposed to teach unusual flavors which is why I signed up, but they didn't. We didn't even make all the cupcakes since the class was limited to 3 hours. However, I did get a recipe for a kick-ass chocolate frosting and made an Grand Marnier orange ganache so I was pleased.
My recommedation is to take one of their night classes if you want to learn something new.From the moment you enter the doors to this restaurant you feel as though you are in a France. Our host Joshua showed us to our beautifully set table and offered to give us a tour of the restaurant and kitchen after we dined. The entire restaurant is run by students who attend to your every need. The service is superb. The restaurant is designed to make you feel as though you are eating in a Parisian cafe. Every detail from the babbling fountain , the dimly lit street lights, and perfectly balanced background music adds to the ambience. The tables were decorated perfectly , although the chairs were slightly uncomfortable. 
We started our meal with drinks that included a light refreshing Framboise spritzer made with grey goose vodka, chambord, lime , mint, and club soda and a Pome fume with gin and apple juice.  Next came deliciously fresh crisp French bread with homemade creamy butter. Our entrees were mushroom and bacon stuffed chicken and le bec fin crab cakes. The chicken had immense flavor and melted in your mouth. I was not a fan of the crab cake consistency as it seemed a bit rubbery. The green beans or haricots verts were delicious and cooked to perfection. We left room for our desserts which were masterfully presented as a chocolate salted soufflé which was to die for and a dessert cigar with Flambéed cherries and brandy mousse. 
This restaurant is beautifully decorated. They even have a private area with glass ornaments hanging from the ceiling to resemble champagne bubbles. The bar area is cozy and even the bathroom is fancy and decorated with perfume bottles and French flare.
This is a great restaurant to celebrate a special occasion while supporting your local students.  There is a parking area next to the restaurant so need to worry about finding a spot.I took the 6-week Introduction to Culinary Arts class this past January/February. While I did enjoy a lot about the class, there were a few major elements that could have been fixed in order to make this a top-notch class. 
First, the teacher was not up to par. He graduated from the School a few years before he started teaching, and while he seemed knowledgeable and a great Chef, I don't think he was cut out for teaching. The first class we got done more than an hour early - fine if I were in high school, but I'm paying to be there and want to learn. That happened a few other times, so I don't really feel as though I got my money's worth. Also, several of the classes he taught us how to make a specific dish, rather than teaching us techniques to use in the future. 
I think if I had a different teacher, my experience would have been better. They do provide you with a great "textbook" if you will, as well as all of the ingredients used to cook each week. There is definitely the possibility for this being a great class, but I think my teacher wasn't able to actually teach :(Not cleanly.  I went for a community education course.  It smelled odd.  The aprons smelled bad.  The dishes were dirty.  The vegetables looked like they were picked up from the ground at the Italian market.  In addition, they were not prepared.  The recipe for shrimp and grits called for bacon.  The chef said they did not have bacon.  Later, she found some.  But they also had us make the dish with quick grits.  I couldnt believe it.  Anyone who knows anything about grits knows that quick grits are subpar.  I was really disappointed... particularly with the dingy conditions.GREAT food, and great service on a busy Friday evening. Filet was cooked perfectly as ordered, Boeuf bourguignon was deeply flavorful. Creme brûlée was perfect - cool on the bottom with warm burnt sugar on top, rather than being pre-made and refrigerated - so it was a rare treat. The little pastries along side were heavenly, too. (Oh, and they serve unsalted butter with the bread - which Parc stopped doing long ago because patrons didn't like it.)
We know good French food and this was great. Enthusiastic students provide great service, too - especially Kym. They're learning well! 
The people sitting next to us were obviously "professional complainers" - they drank 3/4 of the bottle of wine, then sent it back because it had "stuff in the bottom of the bottle ". (It's sediment, people! I guess your Franzia in a box doesn't have that.) They ate most of the French Onion Soup, then sent it back because it was cold. Same with the entrees they ordered, ate more than half and then sent it back, complaining that their rare steaks were cool in the middle!
We had the same server and the same meals, and everything was fine for us. After the staff replaced the steak at the next table and the person finished it, the person confided to their party that they were just very hungry.  Then we were treated to listening to their videos on their phones - at full volume. Do the rest of us a favor and go to Applebee's next time! That way there will be more space at The Restaurant School for people who appreciate the great food.The premise of the Restaurant School at Walnut Hill is for students to get real time training in their areas of study. These students are trained in the art of fine dining and service. They are supervised by a maitre d type who is present but never intrusive. A man of obvious refinement. Depending on which area you dine, there is a prix fixe menu with 5 star selections which is reasonably priced per person. The wine list is impressive. Cocktails are very good. The interior spaces are beautiful and range from being able to, in my opinion dress business casual to being able to dress up. My daughter and I try to dine here at least yearly and would highly recommend The Restaurant School.Walnut Hill has a gorgeous ambience, and for chefs in training, the quality of the dinner far exceeded my expectations. 
Walking into the main dining room of Walnut Hill, it feels like you've been instantly transported into the cobblestone streets of Europe.
Seated amongst false terrace facades, twinkling lights, and indoor greenery, it's easy to forget that you're dining in the heart of University City.  
The service was attentive, the salmon was flaky, and the sampler dessert plates were sweet and delicious. 
While the food may not be perfect, it is in a league of its own when compared to the fast-casual eateries that are dotted around Penn's campus. 
Overall: Great place for celebrations, date nights, slightly upscale dinners, or simply as an excuse to escape the routine Panera Bread/Sweetgreen/Chipotle loop.I came with other RAs and GAs from my college house to enjoy the Holiday Buffet. For more context, the Bistro Perrier is operated by students at the Walnut Hill College, which trains students in cooking and hospitality. It's a great dining experience and they treat you like a star. 
I arrived a little late so when I entered, the hostess took my coat, gave me a coat check slip, and directed me to the table. I was immediately struck by the holiday decor. The private room that we had reserved contained several round tables in a living room of what seemed like a mansion. The adjacent room contained food stations around the edges of the room. In the middle of the dining space was a miniature Eifel tower with lights. 
The food was freshly made and my favorite, was the slices of pork, the fresh salad with egg, and the pasta station. All three places featured student cooks who chatted with me about football and the holiday season while preparing great dishes. The salad was probably one of the best I've had in Philly with a savory dressing that made you want more and a poached egg to top it off. The macaroons for dessert were also fantastic so check them out if you have time.My friends and I enjoyed a fantastic dinner at Bistro Perrier this past weekend. This was the first "formal" dinner we've had the pleasure of enjoying since the pandemic and quarantine. The upside of dining in a group of 4 is that we all get to try everything on the menu.
We started with an incredible charcuterie board that included a variety of pork riette, terrine, ham, pickles & mustard. My friends took advantage of the wine pairing of 4 glasses for $30 and all of us enjoyed three courses of everything from onion soup gratinée, moules frites, salad lyonnaise to the croque madame, beef bourguigon and pan-roasted salmon. We finished off with a variety of desserts that were equally as savory as the entrees and appetizers. 
All the food we experienced here were house-made which made it all the more satisfying.
The service and attentiveness of the staff was wonderful. They checked in on us often and they were incredibly knowledgable of the variety of wines brought to our table.
Last but certainly not least, if you're concerned about dining indoors - Bistro Perrier does have COVID safety procedures in place wherein they ask you to fill out a wellness survey and they take your temperature prior to you entering the restaurant. 
I believe it's a rotating menu each week so we're definitely looking forward to coming back!