Staff is incredibly helpful and the food is great! Try puff pastry and the halibut. They are amazing.Best french restaurant in all of Philadelphia and I'd venture to say best french restaurant I have ever been to.  The food is always executed perfectly and the service is amazing.  I have never had a bad meal or even a sub-par meal here.  Consistency is the hardest thing in a restaurant and this place just "gets it".  I'm not a big "bread person" but their baguette and butter is out of this world!  The atmosphere is beautiful and I love the ambiance of the dining area.  I usually get the seasonal salad, seasonal soup, and the veal sweetbreads and am never disappointed.  The wine is delicious (and a great value) and my fiance loves their selection of absinthe!Normally I do not review a restaurant after one meal, but there are exceptions. This is one. My wife Karin and I are BYOBers. However, for our two anniversary days, one when we met and four days later for our first date, we like to visit top notch restaurants who have a liquor license. We chose to have lunch at Bistro La Minette for our anniversary. What a wonderful treat that was.
Ambiance: it was quiet on a Saturday afternoon. We like the feel of the room, simple, clean, airy. 
Service: our server Lily was wonderful. She was professional, friendly, interesting, knowledgeable. We enjoyed chatting with her. She added much to our experience.
Food: was tasty, well presented, flavorful and, at times, wow moments. We chose the lunch prix- fixe. Karin had the chilled pea soup with creme fraiche and mint. It was like eating in the garden. She chose the trout for her main. It was very good, loved the fingerling potatoes. I chose the escargot, a classic French dish. Delish. For my main, I chose the oeufs du pecheur, a very, very tasty dish. Baguette toast, two poached eggs, mussels in a tarragon cream sauce. The sauce was absolutely divine. For dessert, we had the chocolate pot de creme and the puff pastry with pastry cream and raspberries. Wonderful. The baguette was cooked in house and it reminded us of Paris.
We were treated to a small glass of Banyuls, a Southern French port like dessert wine and a Sauterne. Thanks.
With the check came two chocolate truffles, placed on a large serving dish. The dish was decorated with chocolate wishing us a Happy Anniversary. A wonderful touch and a wonderful finish to a great lunch. We won't forget that experience anytime soon.AMAZING!  My boyfriend made surprise reservations here for our anniversary.  Apparently reservations were a little tricky a week ahead of time and after experiencing dinner tonight I completely understand why!  We started with Frog Legs and a Salad - both fantastic (my boyfriend refuses to eat salad but actually liked this salad!).  For our main course I had the Faux Filet Sauce au Poive (black pepper-crusted New York strip with pomme puree and bacon-wrapped haricot verts) which was not only the best steak either one of us has ever tasted, but honestly the best meal I've ever had!  My boyfriend had the duck, which was new tonight so I cant give a better description because it's not on their menu yet, but it was as delicious as the steak.  We kept trading bites because neither of use was willing to give up a bite without an equal trade - haha :P
We're grad students so we can't afford fancy meals that often but this was definitely worth it!  We'll certainly be back the next time we have a special occasion.When my wife and I  first dined here...she just smiled. 
She lived in France for many years. 
We have both dined many times in Paris and other areas of France and Europe. 
A true experience in the quality, outcome of the product, ambience,  and overall cost. 
Nothing more needs to be said. 
Keep up the good work.My family has been coming here for many years.  We have also been to France many times. This is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia.  The service is impeccable and the food is consistently excellent.  Try the escargot app and rabbit entree.  Really great!Have dined here several times, but last night was over the top wonderful... They now offer a chef's tasting menu that is a superb value (5 or 7 courses) we chose five with wine pairings... (similar chef's menus at snootier places in the US would cost about four times this and not be any better...say "Inn at Little Washington" which we visited this past fall). We actually were given more than five courses but lost track. For 55 dollars you cannot beat this (wine pairings an extra 20 pp). Not each guest receives everything the same making it even more fun - they will give you the option to include or exclude anything that you really want or do not want. Kir Royale came first, On the food side we started with snails in the most amazing butter garlic sauce with delcious bread. Delectable beet salad came next with golden beet puree and a pink square that was wonderful goat cheese all served with a provencal style dry rose' wine - perfect..., some of the other dishes were mustard braised rabbit with homemade delicate and airy tagliatelle, pork cheek bourginon, choices of wines were offered, pinot noir for the rabbit  and cabernet blend for the pork, fisherman style poached egg with mussels and mild tarragon cream sauce  - outrageous, sweetbreads,  terrine de fois gras pate with pear.... chef will alternate and vary... all the portions were more adequate and filling than competing more expensive establishments...two fantastic desserts included mille feuille delicate pastry with raspberries and chocolate mousse cake ( amazingly good)... we must have had about ten different dishes... servers were all so nice, the chef came out a few times and was pleased that we had ordered this... presentation was gorgeous. 
Could not be more pleased... This restaurant also has a charming bar area, nice cocktails and the ambience of a true French bistro complete with hammered tin ceiling, lighting, etc. The only issues is that seating is tight and the restaurant is narrow - difficult to get private table for two as most tables have you pretty close to other diners. There is French soundtrack music that adds to the wonderful experience. Outstanding waitstaff, experienced, well-run restaurant even on a very busy evening.Amazing food.  Great service.  Intimate space.  I've been here a few times over the past couple of months and have to say each time I leave, I am planning my next trip back.  Each time I've dined at Bistrot, our party has been the last to leave...literally shutting the place down.  And the staff continues to smile, no dirty, "get the hell out of here" looks from them.  
The chef (Peter Woolsely) is equally as gracious as his staff, stopping by each table to chat throughout the service.  I'm so happy that this place is consistently busy and receiving such great feedback because he seems like a genuinely nice, hardworking guy who deserves the praise!
The food...well, the food is amazing.  Simple, yet unique.  The rabbit is by far one of the better dishes on the menu, in my opinion, and worth a try even if you are hesitant about well, eating rabbit.  Portion sizes are substantial yet not so small that you feel like you paid a lot for nothing.  Of course for dessert, the creme brulee...I went for their 3 year anniversary and recently went back and both times were fantastic. The food is rich and delicious, their wine/beer selection is a nice complement and the servers are very attentative and courteous. 
Must get the mussels with poached egg appetitizer, it is amazing!!!Found this place via yelp, my family and i were in town for the holiday and this restaurant was very close to where we were staying. The pictures looked very tasty, so why not? On another note, this was also my first time having a French meal, so I was very excited.
The restaurant felt very cozy, and intimate. I don't suggest a party of more than 4 people, because the tables are put very close together, anymore than 4 would be a bit uncomfortable.
Ceuf du pecheur; escargots a la bourguignonne; terrine de four gras; faux-filet de bceuf sauce foie gras; lapin roti a la moutarde; joues de porc a la  bourguignonne
The fishermen's style poached egg - loved it, 5
The snails - the presentation of this dish was very very elegant (looks expensive), but as far as the taste, it was kind of bland.... So... a 2 for the taste, and 5 for the image.
The vanilla scented duck - very interesting taste, something I definitely have not taste before. The first bite was intense... Very strong vanilla taste, wasn't a fan of the meat... I believe this dish is suppose to be served cold, I'm glad I tried this dish because it is definitely very interesting but just not my taste... So um.. 2.....
The steak - bomb, 5
The pork cheeks - the sauce was extra salty... The meat was bit dry... The presentation of the dish was poor, the meat was dark, the sauce was dark, couldn't really see what the dish looked like. So a 2.
The rabbit - id rather not discuss this dish... Or rate it, so you can try it on your own.
Good customer service, couldn't ask for more. My server was very attentive. 
Overall, it was a nice experience. Food was decent, but not amazing.We went there for our wedding anniversary because of all the fabulous reviews but we were somewhat disappointed. The interior felt like a dining hall and only had about 3 tables on a Thursday night. 
The homemade bread was very good and my tarte de tomate was pretty good but my canard confit was too salty and my husband's rabbit was just meh. The worst was the gratin de courgette which completely missed the mark with sliced zucchini in cream and some slab of cheese on top. I don't think the price equal the quality. I'm not going back.Probably one of the best meals of my life - by far certainly one of the best French meals - and I worked in France. This place is just amazing. Great ambiance, very good service and the food is just incredible. I went with my boyfriend a few weeks back to celebrate our anniversary and they gave us a special dessert with chocolates on a plate with "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate sauce - and this was after our first round of desserts. Nice touch. Even if it wasn't for this, the meal was just awesome. We ordered six different dishes and all of them were outstanding. Just GO.What a precious little restaurant.  My babe took me here for my birthday dinner and I could not have been happier and more pleased.  I had been wanting to go there for the Wednesday night movie specials but experiencing a whole meal was much better.
I fell in love initially when Edith Piaf was playing over the speakers.  Not that I was ever in Paris in the 1940's, but Bistrot La Minette definitely brings you back to another time.  We were greeted by a great waiter and he gave us his drink and food recommendations.  We started with out classic martinis but the man then ordered a Sazerac which he said was delicious and I tried the special Malbec.  We ordered the mussels and the tomato salad for appetizers.  The mussels were literally the best I have ever eaten...yes they were heavy with the tarragon cream sauce and the poached egg, but it is something everyone should try once.  The table next to us was a younger couple in flops and hollister who clearly did not appreciate the execution of the dish and I really wish I could have given them the boot to Chicky and Pete's (excuse my brattiness)  Anyway, for the entrees I tried the halibut and he got the pork chop.  While we thought the appetizers could not be matched, the actual meal was just perfect.  The halibut was crusted with herbs and spices and literally fell apart with my fork.  I do not eat pigs, but he devoured the pork chop like a caveman..they even gave him a special knife.  Along with the meal, the bake their own fresh bread which we easily went through two baskets.  I started feeling so heavy but was on a roll.  Now we never ever get dessert but it was my birthday and he wanted to try the Absinthe, which was served so fabulously so I ordered the rice pudding, which was light and had a citrus taste.  The fresh fruit was just amazing.
I felt compelled to detail our entire evening there, but it was just the best.  The staff, ambiance, music, drinks and food were perfect and we are going back to see Amiele for the Wednesday night movie.  This is a great place to go with your love or anytime.  mmm.Im too drunk and full to write a whole book about it. But, The poached egg appetizer on toasted bread and creamy muscles on top, I cannot stop thinking about it.  So good. The escargot was also amazing, little shot filled with garlic and butter. I was cleaning em out with bits of bread. Drinks, tartare, rabbit, duck, quail, were all great. This place is dope and is not overly priced.Great place. I'll start by saying that the one time I went, it was around $75 a person (dinner for two), but we did get a 30 or 40 dollar bottle of wine (which was a delicious pinot noir). Service was great (except for one blip, see below), and the waiter was very good about offering suggestions and letting us know what was most popular on the menu. 
Had the gnocchi as an appetizer - French gnocchi isn't as good as Italian gnocchi, but this was okay. Wouldn't recommend if you're a big gnocchi fan. For the main course I ate the mustard-braised rabbit. Very tasty, but you'd be surprised how much it tastes like chicken (seriously). For that reason, I will never eat rabbit again. Tried it. Nothing special (generally speaking). They must do it very well at this place, though. Dessert was a bit disappointing; not because it wasn't fantastic, but because the waiter brought out the wrong item. Not to worry, it was very very good and the perfect ending to a very good meal (baked sliced apple and caramel ice cream). 
One of the cool things about this place is that when you walk in, the host (who seemed to be either the manager or owner, or someone close to the business) took our coats and hung them. When we left, he chatted with us to see how we enjoyed the meal. Cool guy. Cool place. Check it out.Deciding to try out this cute French restaurant during Restaurant Week in Philadelphia with my husband, I have no regrets. In fact, I am happy that I got to try this restaurant out and would definitely come here again in due time. 
I had put in a reservation on OpenTable and although I was supposed to be there at 7:15 pm, I called the restaurant and said that I was running late. We eventually arrived 15 minutes late and in turn had to wait 5 minutes for our table to clear. But no worries! It gave me a Chance to Check-In and take in the atmosphere of what this restaurant had to offer. 
Our waiter's name was Richard and he gladly explained to us what the dishes that we were trying to decide on were. This being the first time trying French food, I was glad that I tried the Fishermans breakfast as my app, the duck for my main course, and the lemon tart as my desert. All of which were very tasty! My husband in turn ordered the escargot, the rabbit, and the chocolate mousse cake, all of which he was very satisfied with. The only complaint that he had was the escargot was a little too salty but other than that, everything tasted divine. 
The service was to match! Richard made sure that our glasses were filled with sparkling water and checked in on us if we needed anything consistently. It made both my husband and I feel very welcomed! There was even some sampling of baked bread on the house that was handed out for us to try by another fellow waiter. 
All in all, I rate this restaurant to be 5 stars. It's great for a date night or a distraction for everyday life, and it makes you feel fancy that you are eating something so elegantly presented. I'm glad I brought my husband here for our night out and we will definitely show our faces there again soon!Flawless, delicious dinner! 
We went for Philadelphia Restaurant Week, 3 course prix fixe menu.  Escargot and pork belly appetizers were incredible as were the duck breast and pork cheek entrees. Chocolate mousse cake  and Mille feuille aux framboise capped it off. 
Will definitely return!Service left a lot to be desired, food was fine.
We made a brunch reservation for 12 several weeks in advance.  The 3 course prix fixe brunch took over well 3 hours due to extremely slow service, which seemed odd since the restaurant was less than half full.  The drink order was brought a few drinks at a time and took over a half hour.  Once it was finished, we finally put in our orders and the experience extended from there.
The food was ok, but there was just no sense of timing and the server was not attentive to the progression of our meal.  I'm not sure if he was overwhelmed and needed help (which didn't seem to be the case), or if he legitimately thought we wanted to spend our entire day there.
To top it off, our check included the customary "included gratuity."  However, this amount was rounded up from 18% to 20%.  It may only be a 2% difference, however, 18% is the standard "middle ground."  It allows for errors in service and accounts for the difficulty of serving a large group.  After living through the frustration of a never-ending brunch, it was a bit much to know that we had tipped the equivalent of "good service" at any other restaurant.I've been a fan of Bistrot La Minette for a long time, but this was my first time dining there for brunch. I was surprised to learn of their $25 prix flxe lunch menu, and as you well know, any chance to over-indulge will not be overlooked by yours truly.
Started with the charcuterie plate which featured bacon-wrapped pork terrine (drool), rabbit liver mousse (swoon), and duck rillettes (quack.) Had the oeufs en meurette for my entree, which was covered in the kind of red wine shallot sauce that makes you want to lick the plate. The eggs were perfectly poached & the accompanying mushrooms, pearl onions, and lardons were delightful. Finished with the poached pear that just melted in my mouth. 
When I'm asked what my favorite French restaurant is in Philadelphia, I'm always tempted to say La Minette, and this meal might have sealed the deal.The room is charming . . . old, old with exposed wood floors, high ornamented metal ceilings and an exposed brick wall. The service was a bit slow, but the servers were efficient and cheerful.  The pea soup was disappointing, very bland and we had to season it with lots of salt and black pepper; even then it wasn't great.  The quiche was very good.  
The food notwithstanding, it was a pleasant lunch. Goes to show what ambiance and cheerful service can accomplish.I would like to give this place 4.5 stars (please change this feature!) for a delicious, well-executed meal last night with my lovely mother-in-law.  The setting is intimate, authentic bistro, without any of the slightly contrived quality of Parc (although I really like Parc).  There is a tiny bar in the front where we waited for our table while enjoying the beginning of our delicious bottle of Sancerre. The wait staff were warm and friendly, and the whole environment felt professional but relaxed. Compared with a recent experience at Lotus of Siam in NY, this was a welcome change of ambiance and I was digging it as soon as I walked in the door.
When we were seated, the bartender magically transformed into our waiter. And he was attentive and knowledgeable, but never intrusive. Water was efficiently and regularly filled, food was perfectly timed and just the right temperature, and, most importantly, everything tasted wonderful. I started with the escargot, which was  buttery-garlicky deliciousness with great texture. It came in maybe 9 or 10 tiny pots, and I soaked up the remainder of the sauce with the fabulous housemade bread they serve with soft butter.  My mother-in-law started with the foie gras, which she enjoyed, but found a bit too rich for her taste. 
We both had the fluke cooked in brown butter with brussel sprouts for our main, which was fabulous and definitely my favorite of the evening. Everything about the dish was perfectly cooked, flavorful, and went together perfectly.  We finished with the opera cake, which was also an outstanding way to go out. The prices are in the mid-20s for entrees with a few special items in the 40s, but I think the price is right for the quality of the food. All in all, a wonderful experience and will definitely be back.Attended one of their celebration Le Beaujolais Nouveau evenings for a extraordinary four course meal paired with a special selection wine for each plate.  Wonderful staff. Great ambiance.  And par excellence cuisine.  We will return and bring friends.The "garden" at BLM is the perfect setting for a quiet nite out.
We arrived @ 9:30  for movie nite. The main dining room was still busy with dinner patrons we were led past the open kitchen to the "garden".
The ambiance was tre bien; mini lights hung from the ceiling, a few wall and window plants and the exposed brick wall added Philly charm to an old world cafe feel.  We were seated along the brick wall every table filled. 
Out came the warm bread and salted butter-  yum!
We decided to get a few apps to split- the highly reviewed mussels in cream sauce, grilled sardines and bibb salad.
The bibb salad came lightly dressed in a Dijon dressing. The sardines were grilled and came along side some sweet roasted red peppers. The sardines are fileted so bone free. They were exquisite ; char grilled to perfection and still moist. Finally the mussels, creamy tarragon sauce poured over mussels and topped with a poached egg. This dish is a must! I could have licked the plate clean. 
We washed down our food with a pitcher of white( Chardonnay , I'm 
usually not a fan but this was unoaked and very drinkable)
dessert was just ok I tried something new the strawberry cake with carmel ice cream. It wasn't how I imagined cake to be it was served in a pie like dish and had the consistency of a pancake. Very few strawberries, the Carmel ice cream saved this dish. 
Finished with an espresso. Our server is always the same person and he always does a great job. I can never remember his name but he ususally works in the garden.
I've been to BLM a few times (wine dinner a few months back and movie nights with my girls last summer) all of my experiences have been great. My only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the movie posted online was not the movie they played. I and a few others had a sad face on when this was announced. We also never received our amuse bouche, every time I've ever been the chef sends out something small and a few other tables received what looked like a grouges( small French cheese puff ) the dessert wasn't bad but it wasn't the best thing either.
A few things-
$20.00 pitchers of wine (red or white) 
movies in the garden are mon, thurs @ 8:30 & fri @ 9:30
make reservations if you want to sit in the garden there aren't very many tables and on nice nites they will be full.
Get the mussels (unless ur allergic or vegetarian)
Of course I'll be back I'm a francophile in training !Short: Great service, great food and drink, wonderful setting. A must. 
Went to La Minette on a Thursday night for dinner. Thankfully the heat broke and we were able to sit outside comfortably in the setting sun. We started with a bottle of Rose that was perfectly crisp and tart. Our server nailed the flavor, "tastes like unsweetened strawberry juice." 
For our first course we ordered the octopus salad and tomato salad. Both came out quickly and were flavorful and perfectly assembled. They marinate the octopus for 9 hours in the tomato broth and only remove it when ordered, to grill. Very tender and flavorful. The tomato salad was light and refreshing. We sopped up all of the broth from the tomato salad with the very good sliced baguette they provided as well... amazing to get such flavor from the simple ingredients. 
For main courses we ordered the braised rabbit and the Halibut. The rabbit loin was slightly dry on one side but the leg was fantastic, the wine sauce it came with was dark and complex and the mushrooms caramelized pearl onions added to the flavor of the rabbit. The house-made tagliatelle with the rabbit was buttery and a good texture. The halibut was the best either of us have ever had; crusted with lemony breadcrumbs, perfectly cooked and fresh. The saffron sauce was excellent and haricot verts were a suitable accompaniment. 
For dessert we ordered the lemon tart and sorbet selections. Both were wonderful. 
The meal was reasonably priced for what you received. The wine was around $40/bottle, first courses in the mid-teens, entrees were mid-$20s and desserts were under $10. If you ordered house wine (or no wine, ha) and only an entree this would be a suitable 'any time' destination, but you can certainly make it spendy, too. 
I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a casual romantic setting with fantastic food. A+Came here for restaurant week. Great food, great atmosphere, Great service. Probably my favorite part about coming here though was that I found Street parking in under 5 minutes. A minor miracle.A wonderful experience.  Everything was set up to enjoy a meal.  We started with a Brussel sprout and bacon dish and a couple of salad vert plates.  Smartly, as good as they were, we left some our plates for our main courses.  Tartar, trout and roasted chicken.  Cooked and flavored to perfection 
Service was wonderful.  We even had a waiter in training.  He will do well.  The pacing of the meal was part of the experience.  A leisurely staged and supported process allowing for good conversation and enjoying the food and wine
The deserts are spectacular.  At least the two we split between three of us - still feeling the effects of a cheese steak sandwich the night before
This is definitely a place to try.  Do not be in a hurry, or you will find it unsatisfactory.My friend and I came here because I've been wanting to try Bibou for the longest and failed to get a reservation both convenient for him and I because it's always booked. So I looked for another French inspired restaurant and much to my satisfaction it lived up to it's high reviews. 
I love it here. The decor and ambiance is rustic and sweet.
The menu is just big enough to see some items that I definitely wanted to try but not so big I wouldn't know where to start or what is worth tasting.
At first after being seated for our reservation, we weren't greeted with menus or anything for at least 10-15 mins, which was a little confusing because it wasn't busy but the waiter explained there was confusion as to who was assigned to our table...
It's ok 
Things happen, the meal made up for it 
We had the foie gras which was nicely prepared and very enjoyable.
Truffle Mushroom soup special was amazing!! Every last bite was just as good as the last, light with delicate flavors.
A beef tartare was soooo very good. I'm vietnamese so it reminded me of a vietnamese beef carpaccio just a different preparation but it was so good. Not chewy the beef tasted tender and fresh, the only way you should if you decide to venture out and have raw beef. 
Our main courses were the mustard braised rabbit which I was very apprehensive about eating, I'm an adventurous eater but some dishes make me second guess, let me say with the homemade pasta was so delicious. It had a similar taste to chicken but better! Some white meat and a lot of tender dark meat but not so.. Fatty tasting as chicken.
We both decided it was our favorite dish!!! He had some sort of braised beef dish which was nice and tender but the rabbit was still our favorite. 
The dessert was the chocolate mousse cake which was heaven in your mouth for any sweets lover and it ended our spectacular dinner. Couldn't have been happier!This restaurant truly deserves a 5-star rating after the excellent service my friends and I experienced recently. I had been here once for Restaurant week having had the foie gras, and Creme brûlée which were absolute perfection (I wish I could remember the entree but it was just as delicious). My friends informed me that Bistrot La Minette started a happy hour with half off appetizers and $3 wine from 5:30-7 so the 5 of us attended ordering nearly all the appetizers on the menu along with their house red and white Bordeaux.
The appetizers we ordered were escargot, foie gras, Noix de St Jacques Poêlées au Champagne, Bouchées à la Reine, and Tartare de Bœuf au Couteau. The escargot was so amazing we ordered it twice and as I'm writing this wish we had ordered another round of the noix de st Jacques poêlées au champagne - it was just too good!! 
There was a company gathering in their private room making the service very slow. As a consolation the bartender gave us complimentary glasses of Bordeaux and a complimentary glass of dessert wine to go with our desserts.
The only drawback to this happy hour is it's only in the front of the restaurant at the bar and the 2 tables near the entrance so you'd need to get there early if it got busy. Lucky for us it was a rainy day.
Whether it's a new happy hour or a yummy French restaurant, I highly recommend this place.Went back for their Dinner in Perigord fixed menu and had a ball. Prunes, poached eggs, duck, and some truly badass wines were served up and had us smiling. Excellent service and inspired food.Another one where I'm surprised at the 4.5 star yelp rating. 4.5 is really high, and this place didn't come close to blowing me away at all. It was an ok (at best) meal for a not ok price (and I came during restaurant week, too). I'd give it 2 stars, but I'll settle on 3 because the atmosphere was really cute.
Escargot and foie gras to start: These were as great as I'd expect them to be if a restaurant serves them at all.
Duck confit and rabbit en moutard for entrees: Both very dry. Confit is supposed to fall off the bones (right..?), but this one was overcooked. The rabbit was dry and overcooked as well, not juicy and flavorful as I was expecting. The forkful of tagliatelle that accompanied it was good though. We wrestled with scraping the overcooked meat off the bones with our silverware, which is ridiculous when the portion sizes are teeny tiny and French. Almost felt like I was being trolled..
Mille feuille and rum baba: mille feuille was great. Rum baba was awful, awful. We only got it because it was recommended by the waiter. It's supposedly a pastry soaked in rum, but it tasted like a soggy ball of cheap alcohol. Bitter and absolutely terrible. Would not recommend. 
Anyways, $100 total for like, 5 forkfuls of meh food each. I'm not a stranger to French food. I've had teeny tiny portions at other places that did not make me lament the size at all because they've been that good. This was not one of those places.Most often, when restaurants receive the grandeur of rave reviews such as Bistrot La Minette, I am set up for disappointment. Thankfully, this was not the case for my dinner last night. 
The ambiance of the restaurant is very authentically French-bistro, without trying too hard as some restaurants do.  The restaurant is set on 6th street just off of South.  The sophisticated crowd is casually elegant.  For a Saturday night at 7:30, I was surprised at how few people were there.  Summer in the city means most city-folk head to the beach, but I was still unprepared to see all of the empty tables after reading so many good things.  It did begin to pick up after 9:00.  They have a lovely outdoor dining area in the front where we chose to sit and enjoy the beautiful evening last night. The area can be tricky for the wait staff to navigate and the tables are a bit too small to accommodate the large plates that the restaurants use, bit I still recommend it if you are there earlier in the night. If you are dining past 9, I would skip it.  The location is unfortunately right in the outcast of the assiduous South Street nightlife, and the colorful, noisy passersby don't quite fit with the scene at Bistrot La Minette. 
My husband and I started our meal with two of their Kir Royales, along with the Bouchees a la Reine puff pastry appetizer and the Heirloom Tomato salad. The mushroom puff pastry appetizer is not to be missed (!!) while the heirloom tomato was only so-so. For our entrees, I chose the very unadventurous yet quite delicious Charlotte au Morbier (cheese bread pudding) while my husband couldn't pass on the Steak au Poivre. My entree was quite good, though it was fairly small and I felt it could have used more than a couple of small beets on the side. Perhaps I could have ordered one of their gratins or haricot verts as a side dish, but in all honesty, the cheesy pastry was rich enough to sustain me. My husbands steak was crusted in crushed peppercorns and pan-seared to perfection.  We had angel food cake waiting for us at home, but we couldn't pass up the opportunity to try one of their desserts after dinner had been so good.  The hubby and I shared the Mille Feuille with raspberries which was so incredible, I had to fight the urge not to take the whole plate and lick it clean.
Our server was amiable, but at times scarce.  This could be because the outdoor seating area is somewhat undesignated and we may have been an addition to his full load, but we waited for 15 minutes before we could even put a drink order in.  Our final bill for 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 3 drinks, and dessert- without tax and tip- came to just under $130.  Though the portions were a bit small, it was the perfect amount of food and well worth every cent.  I cannot wait to go back and try many of the other items on the menu that sounded so tempting (but will definitely have the mushroom puff pastry appetizer again!).Had reservations to this place. Walked in and it was empty. But there was a private party in a private room. Place looks decent. They have a coat check. Pretty cool.
Started our order with drinks. Passion green tea. Light aroma and tasted good. My friend got the sparkling lemonade and he said it was "way too sour!"
Appetizers: Escargot and Quail. For me the escargot was salty. The quail was great. Well seasoned, accompanied with buttered spinach and some purée. Very tasteful. Presentation was great.
Entree: lamb shank was ok. Well balanced. I sampled this from my friends dish. I had the braised beef. Boy, it was horribly salty. My second bite was my last.
Dessert: Chocolate Mousse and Puff Pastry. My Puff Pastry was light, airy and crunch. Perfect combination of cream, fresh raspberry, and crispy pastry. The chocolate mousse was good. Coffee ice cream was strong with a nutty crunch. Good also but very rich.
Weird, my tea cup is an illy cup which is itailian cafe but we were in a French restaurant. Service was good. Every course their was a change in utensil. Second change my fork had some green stuff in between the sides of the fork. I just grabbed another fork from another table. The entrance did have a heavy round curtain to sustain cold air from coming in. I like this. It's a great idea to keep the breeze from coming in. Hostess was nice. She also coat checked us.
This place is on the expensive side. For two we spent $140. Just wish my main entree was not super salty.LOVE that this south philly restaurant is not a byob.  The service and food are impeccable.
The portions are a smiiiiiiiiiiiiiidge on the small side (especially in the seafood category), and so that's always just a little disappointing.My bf and I decided to try this place out for restaurant week. We definitely do not regret this at all!
We got the fisherman's poach eggs and escargot as appetizers. OMG! I'm usually not a big fan of escargot and I have to admit, that was the best that I ever had! My bf always gets escargot at different restaurants and I would sample it from his place and not really like it. My bf even said that was one of the best escargot that he ever had. For our entrees, we got the beef short ribs and duck confit. The beef short ribs was good. The duck confit was sort of dry? But pretty flavorful. As for appetizers, we got creme brûlée and puff pastry with cream. 
We would definitely come back!Charmingly decorated bistro, good food, memorably good service.
I went sometime in the fall, but still the atmostphere remains lovely in my mind and the service outstanding. Super comfortable and relaxed feel, no rushing in the pacing of the meal.
Appetizers were delicious and well-portioned. First time having escargots, and it was really, really delicious - a very memorable introduction, not scary at all. The squid ink pasta was really fun, simple flavors but also a first for me. I don't remember much about the entrees - Rabbit and Duck - but I do remember being really pleased that we had picked both. 
Definitely a good spot if you're looking for a high-quality and not-stuffy date spot.We just returned from a marvelous meal. It was my husband's birthday and they were wonderfully accommodating. The service was excellent and his special birthday meal (the envy of neighboring tables) was absolutely perfect. Thank you, Bistrot La Minette, for one of the top five Philly dining experiences we've had in nearly 20 years of eating well in this city.Love this place! It offers a solid variety of dishes from northern France, and it's NOT pretentious. Bistrot offers hearty, but incredibly delicious food that are very carefully prepared.
I had the blood orange duck - it's not super fancy, but juicy and simple, just how I like it. We ordered a jug of wine (the wine comes in a jug! I'm in love!) and it blended wonderfully with the meal.
I think someone mentioned something about the bread here - VERY TRUE. Best table bread I've had. So soft and chewy, and comes with slightly melted salted butter that goes wonderfully with the bread. 
Try it out!Unbelievable atmosphere, service, and food.  Walked in with no reservation (although one is highly recommended on weekends). Was with my two year old daughter and staff was wonderful with her.  Food was as good as it gets, but the service was phenomenal.My wife and I decided to try Bistrot La Minette last night after reading the many great reviews and seeing it on many 'best of' lists for foodies in Philly.  Sadly to say we came away disappointed with the entire experience.  
There was some good - the place is very cosy inside and really does feel like a little bistro in Paris.  Also, the grilled sardine first course was excellent - well prepared and delicious.  
Things pretty much went downhill from there.  We ordered four dishes and asked for them to come out one at a time.  They brought them out two at a time without a word.  We told them we were sharing everything, but instead of bringing us share plates, they just brought two dishes out at a time and separated them between us.  
Worse though was the food.  It wasn't terrible as much as it was sub-par.  We had the salmon tartar, the squash soup and the duck breast entree.  Each dish was unbalanced.  The salmon tartar had just a little too much going on and was a bit on the sweet side for an appetizer.  The soup was even sweeter - the nuts in it and the broth tasted closer to a dessert than something savory or appropriate as a First Course.  The duck breast was perfectly cooked, but the sauce was also way too sweet and didn't have anything to balance itself with.
My wife puked after the evening and I felt a little uncomfy in the stomach.  Overall, dishes that weren't balanced, overly sweet, etc. / mediocre service and an unsatisfactory meal.  I would skip this one.Went for a new year's eve dinner. Thoroughly enjoyed it. There's a very romantic backroom that we were fortunate to get a table. Food was very high quality and well plated. Even thought the restaurant was packed, the service was very attentive.  Would definitely return.I went on a Tuesday evening, reservation at 7:30 p.m. If you want a filled restaurant but moderate energy, this is the time to go. I read that it gets very energetic but I enjoyed the moderate energy that evening. 
Can I just say one word? Damn. Okay, I can't contain it to one word. 
We ordered four appetizers - ranked from least to greatest
**Bouchées à la Reine aux Champignons Sauvages (mushrooms - sooo good but slightly salty)
**Coquilles St. Jacques aux Endives Braisées (scallops - staple appetizer, very good)
**Œuf du Pêcheur - Mussels with poached egg on bread, amazing. Simply amazing.
**Terrine de Foie Gras - I had dreams about it that night. I went to Paris recently and the Foie Gras there was not as good as the one I had Bistrot Minette. But this is for people who like Foie Gras- not everyone likes Foie Gras. It was paired with figs, my gawwwwwwd. Sooooooooo gooooooood!!
I had rabbit for my entree. IT was good but I couldn't get the foie gras out of my mind. It was tender and not gamey. It's heavy dish. My friend got the lamb and duck confit - very heavy food, but lamb was crispy and good. My other friend got the porgy - it's fish...it's very light and crispy. It was really good too. But I think kudos goes towards the appetizers. I would go back and just order like 10 appetizers.
Dessert was good. Interesting sorbet flavors.Atmosphere is wonderful.  Food is average.  Bread is excellent.   If you are looking for a cafe in this neighborhood to have a nice long hang out lunch to catch up with friends, I would consider going here.  It is the kind of place that makes you want to sit and talk for hours.  If I were looking for excellent French food, this is not the first place that comes to mind.  
 I went for lunch so cannot comment on dinner.  I had a lyonnaise salad that was not good.  I couldn't finish it.  The frisee was wilted, the egg tasted soft boiled slimy rather than nicely poached, the dressing was nothing, there was no zing.  My partner had trout that was good.   
I noticed they had a private little dining room which could be great for events.Wonderful restaurant and ambiance. Came here for a dinner on a Saturday night with my boyfriend and we absolutely enjoyed everything. The place is small but very cozy. Super romantic indeed. The food was wonderful and seemed true to the French cuisine. Portion sizes weren't ridiculous and the service was pretty good. It's been a while since we've been but I remember that we got the escargot and oysteres. The presentation of the escargot was pretty memorable in that I've never seen escargot in single cups but always in a dish with divets in the middle. The oysters were clean and fresh - almost as if they were just brought in from the ocean. Thankfully, it wasn't too briney but I would say we've had better. I remember that my boyfriend and I shared the duck confit and another pork dish (he's more of the pork man --) Both of which were wonderful. The meat was super juicy and tender (just how meat should be) - and the flavors were sublime! Nothing was too overwhelming and despite the manipulations to the material, I think the natural flavors of the duck and the pork shined through. Overall, great date place but it is small so reserve early!Went here for National Escargot Day and had a really nice time. My girlfriend loves escargot and when I saw that had a special pre-fixe menu with all snails I knew I had to take her. We sat outside in the back garden area and it was really quiet and romantic. All of our courses were good, but nothing amazed me. I really would love to go back and try the regular menu sometime.Outstanding service, wonderful dinner.  The rabbit & duck, never better.  wonderful desserts.  
Highly recommend.I am bummed. I finally came back to Bistrot La Minette after a long hiatus. I had such a great meal my first visit and maybe that tainted my expectations, but I came this past Sunday for brunch and it was pretty disappointing, unfortunately. The place still looks perfectly Parisian with the marble bar and table tops and red velvet booths. The service is nice and friendly, which is why they are getting 2 Stars vs 1. But the food. The food was not good. Borderline terrible. The only saving grace was mushroom soup. The rest I would be ok never eating again. We ordered, as I mentioned, the soup of the day which was a mushroom and truffle soup with bacon. It was perfectly creamy and rich topped with some crispy mushrooms, bacon and parsley for some texture. We also got the charcuterie board which came with their terrine of the day (ham jelly) and a homemade ham sausage. I don't dislike many foods. Mushrooms are, I admit, not my favorite food, but I am willing to give anything a go and usually it works out in my favor, particularly when someone else is making it. This was the case with the mushroom soup. This was NOT the case with the terrine of the day. First of all ham jelly is a very off-putting name for a meal. I like jelly. I like ham. I don't like to picture my jelly made out of meat. This is what I expected. However it was less scary than that. The board came with what looked to be thick slices of bologna and a ramekin of chopped up bologna or ham with herbs in a clear sauce. I tried it. It didn't do anything for me taste wise. It was pretty bland and difficult to spread or top on the extra toasted bread that came along with the board. Same goes for the bologna slices. I wish we just didn't order it. After the two les entrees, we ordered two plates principaux to share: the steak et oeufs au plat and the salade lyonnaise. The steak dish consisted of a grisly steak, 2 sunny side up eggs, a scoop of mixed smashed potatoes with some herbs in a foie Gras sauce. The sauce was too rich for me with and the potatoes seemed like they were leftover roasted potatoes that they wanted to get rid of so they were peeled and repurposed on this dish. The eggs didn't add anything to the meal, but were cooked nicely, albeit a little less runny than I would have expected. They seemed almost like an after thought. The salade was the worst offender though.  It was to come with frisée greens topped with duck confit, potatoes, and a poached egg. Sounds delicious! What arrived was what I can only describe as a bunch of inedible stems topped with 3 paperclip sized pieces of very dry duck, some stale roasted potatoes, and a poached egg that really did nothing for the dish other than to wet it a little bit. I didn't notice any of the Vinaigrette dressing advertised, so I am just assuming the stems sucked it up. The prices were not bad for the amount of dishes we got plus a 2 mimosas each ($75), but I left hungry, which was a complete let down. I don't think I'll be back to Bistrot La Minette, unfortunately, definitely not for their weekend lunch .Great dinner; delicious food.  Decent service - took a bit for someone to get to our table but once they did, they were quite attentive.  Definitely plan to return.The food is authentic and well crafted. The service is excellent. The prices are fair and the atmosphere is unpretentious. I loved everything about this place. I had the trout and my date had the duck. We agreed that the flavors were fresh and complex. This was a wonderful experience.All i can say is those mussels are Ah-may-zing!   I wish I could upload the pictures but they came out too dark to be useful damnnnnn it.
Came here for the special priced menu on Sunday for $35.  While not the cheapest meal, compared to the normal a la carte prices - what a steal!  There is also house wine which is very well priced if you want to get some drink on without breaking the bank.
Go check it out!  There is also a courtyard in the back which opens up when the weather is nice so keep that in mind when spring and summer come up!Wow...what a wonderful little French restaurant!  Great ambiance and service, and the food is delicious while being more subtle than French cuisine tends to be.  They also have a terrific selection of Cognac and Armagnac.YAY, I AM A FAN!
Bistrot La Minette is D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S. My new husband and I went last night for Restaurant Week based solely on reviews (and availability, thank goodness). When we pulled up, I thought, "Oh, it's one of these places." Right off South Street, I had driven and walked past Bistrot La Minette and Beau Monde et al, but for some reason, they never appealed to me. Well, I was wrong. The ambiance is so cute--warm, friendly, but romantic, too, without being stuffy. I think Yelp says the attire is "casual," which I think it is, but you can dress up if you want for sure.
The menu for Restaurant Week is very similar to their regular menu. I know this because I asked the waitress for the regular menu after the main course because I thought, "This is one of those restaurants you bring out-of-town guests to." I was so pleased to see mains in the 20 dollar range and appetizers around $12. What an excellent price point for such deliciousness. This place is what Restaurant Week was designed for--try something you wouldn't normally try and then become ardent followers.
We shared everything, so we had two appetizers, two mains, and two desserts. The fisherman's poached egg appetizer (has a much cooler French name this Spanish speaker cannot come close to type nevermind pronounce) was very tasty. We also shared the escargot. Their escargot is the real deal and tasty, so if you've had some lame escargot in the past (looking at you Bistro St. Tropez), don't let that keep you from the snails here.
Our mains were so tender and rich. We shared the rabbit and the duck. I thought Ms. Potter was going to whack me on the head with a children's book, but they were so great. The duck, in particular, with its wine reduction was out of control good.
The chocolate mousse dessert/cake was soft and rich, but not that kind of lock-jaw-rich, so, unfortunately, we ate the whole thing! We also shared some yummy dessert course cheese. Every plate was licked clean.
Definitely going back and bringing friends and family. Yay! Also going to try brunch.Great date spot, very casually chic. Food is impeccable every time. Service is professional and non-invasive. On the more standoff-ish European side of service than the chatty, get-to-know-you brand of American service I can sometimes find intrusive. Dying to try the big family-style dinner they do in the side room. Next special occasion, maybe?I'm not surprised that Bistrot La Minette came up as #1 when searching for French Restaurants in Philadelphia.  I ate here in late March with my cousin and found the cuisine to be among the best this side of the Atlantic.  I had to check my ticket stub to make sure the plane actually landed in Philadelphia instead of Paris.  This is an establishment that surpasses my trifecta of requirements for five yelp stars; service, food, and atmosphere.
My cousin eats at Bistrot La Minette often and the servers recognized her.  That type of personal connection always impresses me.  Throughout the whole meal, I felt as if we were VIP guests.  The food was excellent.  I just can't say enough about how wonderful everything tasted.  As expected, the wine was perfect.  Finally, the ambiance was perfect.  This wasn't a place that merely served French style food.  It was a full on French restaurant plucked from the streets of Paris.
If you're in Philadelphia.  Eat here.The food was delicious; the waitstaff was exceptional, and the ambiance is very nice. Great date spot. Try the escargot.Went there on restaurant week and was happily find there great service, awesome french cuisine and good-old-fashion design! 
The menu for restaurant week consider a lot of dishes from regular menu and the sizes was pretty good. At the start of third course i was already full!  
This places really gives you an idea how french cuisine is! And they doing their best at it! 
Me and my friend choose for dinner :
1) Escargots a la Bourgaignonne/ Salade D'Endives
2) Lapin Roti a la Moutarde/ Cassoulet de toulouse
3) Assiette de fromages/ Mille Feuille aux framboises
All dishes made me completely fall in love with this cuisine and this cozy restaurant! 
If you want to try some not ordinary, high quality and tasty food you better come here!
This restaurant is great place for dates! 
I was really pleased when the main chef come to our table to talk and ask how was our dinner! Thank you! They did a great job!
Love it!Was always intrigued by this place every time I walk by. Stop in for a quick dinner last night. Since it was the long holiday weekend, the place was half empty. Got a table right away without fuss. The waiter was friendly but not intrusive. Love how they make the place look like a french bistro, soft lighting and lots of red. Now the food, 
As a rule, for any new places, we always order appetizers, this way you can try more things and it give you an idea how good the food is. 
fois grais was very good, 
the green salad was perfectly dressed, 
mussels in cream sauce with an egg was not what I expected but very good, 
sardines was a little strange in the sense that it was filleted and sheered not too crazy about it, 
the bread is probably one of the best baguette I found in Philly, just like in France crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. 
I will be backDelicious straight forward food - charming restaurant and service.
This is going to be a very dry review. Simply put, we just had a great time with delicious food and great service. Very nice bistro, not over decorated, it just doesn't feel fake.
With only half the restaurant filled on a Wednesday night, two friends and I had ample space and time without being pushed or being squeezed. 
We had grilled sardines with red pepper (delicious) and flammkuchen (Alsace flatbread, little drier than it's original siblings, but very tasty). Entrees sampled were leg of lamb, duck breast and the entrecote. All meat was done perfectly, the sides were awesome (the gratin rivals Nan), dishes are prepared not too heavy. We shared ice cream and sorbets for dessert, which is too sweet for me, but the flavors were greattt (rhubarb, caramel, cassis). 
The wine and menu selection is just the right balance and size to fulfill all desires and not let you be overwhelmed. Actually the homemade chocolate that came with the bill was fantastic and their espresso was very good, too.
I put down four stars in the beginning, just changed to 5 now after I can not find anything in my memory worth downgrading a star. Bottomline, if I have to choose between Bistrot La Minette and Parc, where food, service and ambience are totally overrated (loud, cramped, attitude, rush), I don't even have to blink.
They offer french movie nights on Mondays during August and family style french dining for 4-20 people for $45 to $65 per person. We will try that soon. 
Disclaimer: This is not eclectic french 9 course five star dining, it is a bistro!!I'm certainly their Number 1 fan.  Maybe its my growing love for french food or that it's within walking distance in my hood but I simply can't get enough of this place.  The decor is intimate and charming.  So for those romantics out there...this is your place!!  The music selection and volume is subtle yet present.  OH and The Food!  I have yet to walk away feeling hungry or disappointed.  From the beet salad to the rabbit or lamb shank (I'm a creature of habit) my belly is happy.  I often would just go there for a drink or five on the outside patio or go have dinner and a movie on Monday's and Thursday's (All french subtitled films of course).  The service is friendly yet professional which in those parts are true treasures.  So if I'm setting high expectation for you...I am!!  You can tell'em I sent you ;-)I ordered the escargot with garlic and olive oil and the goat cheese omelet. Even the bread and butter were delicious. The high quality of ingredients used as well as the knowledge of preparation are what makes this place. The excellent service and ambiance doesn't hurt either. Our server was very professional. I look forward to returning.Not as good as my own hot pot. My god. My friend ordered a pot of chicken. I ordered a pot of duck. What's wrong with us.A wonderful little French place that was surprisingly crowded and a bit on the  loud side. The food was fantastic! Escargot was spot on, the fish course I had was somewhat over salted, which made the following course seem under salted, but besides that, dinner and desert was excellent!I'm not the biggest fan of French food but heard great things about this place from Yelp reviewers as well as media outlets so I had to check this place out. 
It's a really cute place and I'm glad I went there. 
Truthfully, the lunch entrees (poached eggs and oven-baked eggs) weren't all that impressive and they were a bit too heavy with too many different flavors going on but I might not have enjoyed the meal as much as I should have because I was so hungry and ended up eating like 10 loaves of bread with their ridiculously delicious butter. The butter was honestly one of the best butters I've ever had. 
The service was a bit lacking especially considering the restaurant wasn't crowded but we did arrive towards the end of lunch hour. 
But the biggest highlight of this place was the dessert. I got the caramelized puff pastry and it was honestly one of the best desserts I've had in my entire life. That dessert alone made it worth coming to this restaurant. I would come back just to get dessert. 
Gentlemen, if you're trying to impress a girl, take her here and feed her the caramelized puff pastry. It will be a date she won't forget...even if it doesn't work out and she wants to forget you.Once again, an incredible dinner. And the Manager, Brett outdid himself.  We come every month for the Wine Dinner, as well as other times during the month.  Everything, is great!It s an elegant and beautiful restaurant. I went to there with my girl, and we all like there.It s a good place for dating and hanging out with a small group of friends.
Appetizer: Seafood with mushroom on the top of bread
The dish was the best we had that night. With Sauce béchamel, the bread which was supposed to be cracked was perfectly chewing. 
Entree one: Rabbit Leg
It is a house special there. However, the meat was tasted dry and not really plateful. 
Entree two: Pork Chop
Similarly, the meat is not really special or excessively tasty. Garnishes were pretty good, juicy and fresh.
Dessert: Raspberry pastry with lime creme 
The dessert was amazed us. Although both two entrees were just average level, the dessert was made us to like the place. 
Ps. All names on the menu are French, but you can read descriptions in English.This place has become my new tradition for taking my mom here on Mother's Day. We came here last year on a whim of trying to find a new place to discover. We didn't have reservations but were seated in their lovely outside garden terrace area. The food was delicious, the service was amazing and it was really pleasant sitting outside in a small nook type of garden. 
I love authentic French food, and this place is exactly that. Their menu was fixed for Mother's Day but it was impressive. We are going here again tomorrow and probably will keep making it a tradition every year on the same day. Bon Appetit!What made La Minette stand out for me was the decor and the warmth of the employees.  I'm anything but a V.I.P. however, everyone from the hostess to the bartender to our server made me feel like they were thrilled to have me  and my dining companions there.   
The menu was authentically bistro-like: featuring poulet rôti, daube, canard, lapin.  The night we dined, in addition to the usual foie gras pate offered, there was also Hudson Valley lobe/escalope.  It was fantastic ... until I reached the middle of the piece and bit into cold liver.  I'm sure the chef was trying to avoid overcooking but it was disappointing. 
Escargots with butter, garlic and parsley got high marks and all four of us were thrilled with our mains: poulet with fabulous aligot potatoes, rabbit with pasta, duck and monkfish with a lobster sauce.  Dessert was my favorite: pot de creme, which had the right texture and consistency but was short on the dark, strong, even a bit bitter, chocolate taste that makes a perfect little pot.  
This was just a minor quibble: we absolutely will return, hopefully for the family family menu which must be reserved in advance.
Our dinner for four with wine worked out to $100 each, including tip.
*actually, one other mention: there was a gentleman working - as a host or perhaps even a manager -  who seemed to have a lovely demeanor but didn't represent the restaurant as well as everyone else. He wasn't attired in the black street clothes "uniform" that gave the others a professional look and had sleeves rolled up that revealed excessive, bizarre tats.  The gentleman seemed very much out of place.  Perhaps he should be counseled?I eat a lot, and sometimes I get complacent. This place completely rocked that to its core. Every time someone tells me that I'm being too nitpicky, I will reference them to this place because excellence was seen all around.
I went for brunch, and it was the best one I can remember. The bread was fresh baked, and by that I don't mean that it had been baked that morning. I mean that they told me that I had to wait a little because the delicious crusty bread was still cooling and was still hot when they brought it out to me. The coffee was a delicious dark roast that somehow wasn't too bitter. And that's not even counting what I ordered.
I heartily recommend the prix fix menu for brunch, as it lets you have three courses for $25. Considering that' above the cost of a few two course combos it's not too much of a stretch to go for three.
I can't find what I had for my first course on their online menu, but it was a piece of toast topped with creamy cheese, figs, more cheese, greens and balsamic vinegar. It wasn't a perfect dish, but the flavor all stacked pretty well together and I was happy.
And then the duck arrived and knocked me out of the park. Seriously, this one is an absolute knockout. I could not think of a single thing that anyone, ANYONE could have done to improve this dish. The duck meat was perfectly cooked: tender and juicy and covered in a decadently crisp skin, giving it an additional textural layer along with the intense savory flavor. My mouth is watering just writing about it. The potatoes were...well, not just cubed, but rounded at the edges and soaked up all the juices while still maintaining their own flavor. The hert covert was at just the right texture, and their flavor was subtle but enjoyable...and this is from someone who doesn't *like* green beans.
To finish off, I had the tarte tatin. The bottom layer was crisp, even under the layer of apples and ice cream, even when they started to ooze as I broke it open. It sucked up the fruit juice and cream, letting me savor every bit of it.
If I had to make one nitpicky thing, it's that food took a while coming out. Now, I don't mind waiting as long as I did for such high quality fare but the floor was pretty quiet when I walked in, with only two other tables. It could be that they were still ramping up for the main onslaught, but it still took me awhile to complete the experience. If you are in a rush...don't be. Cancel or postpone what you had planned, so you can sit back and enjoy this.Very pleasantly surprised by the meal. An unassuming French restaurant off of south street but nicely decorated inside (though the tables are quite a tight squeeze, so taking a couple out would feel and look better). 
Our waitress was super friendly and made good recommendations. The wine list had nice diversity of French regions and doc wines, but some of the by the glass choices would not be my recommendation in that price point. 
The freshly baked bread was delicious, as we're the amuse bouche gougeres. Escargot was nicely cooked but a bit salty (and be prepared for butter overload. The trout was also delicious. The lemon citrus flavor helped cut the overwhelming fattyness of the brown butter puddle on the bottom, but the fish was nicely cooked. Haricot verts brightened it up. The size of mac and cheese was delicious as well, all French cheeses used. Got the peach crumble for dessert which was great and refreshing but just as heavy as the other courses. It was a fattening and filling meal but very very good.I found the meal to be wonderful overall. The experience slightly below some other restauarant experiences. 
I had a warning to not order salad and stuck with it. 
The ambianec is charming and warm. We were given a choice of seating with our reservation and decided to go outside in the garden with a wonderful evening. 
There we remained in a quiet area without a lot of noise. I'm sure as it gets later than our reservation it is bustling. The inside definately was. But, being able to be outside and have a nice quiet cozy meal was special. 
The food, we started with an amuse of puff pastry with cheese. A wonderful small bite sized wonder. 
I ordered an onion tart and my wife the signature Mussels. 
I loved the tart, it had complexity of flavors. I only wish more sauce was available. It was a nice addition of a tart note to the rest. 
I tasted the creamy sauce for my wifes dish and it was heavenly as well.
For dinner, we ordered Rabbit and a Short Rib special with jumbo snails. You have to order something with snails at a French restaurant. 
I had the rabbit and it came with pasta. It was tastey. I wished for more sauce as teh rabbit was dry on its own. Maybe I should have sliced it up and into the pasta? I also thought it needed some texture. 
My wife had the short ribs. It was exactly what one would expect. We both had the snails and noticed a slightly smokey/burned taste as the result of grilling. It was a first for us and we would order snails again in the future. 
We ended with two different tart desserts. I had an apple tart with caramel ice cream. My wife a lemon tart with a berry ice cream. 
Neither was overly sweet. My ice cream melted quickly and basically became a sauce for the tart. 
A chocolate ganache bon bon was the final course and was on the house. 
The pleasant reward for the evening was the price. It was not over the top. This alone makes it a place you would welcome returning to.We were so disappointed in our experience here after meaning to dine here for such a long time and finally venturing down there.  We attended the Beaujolais Nouveau wine dinner - a prix fixe with wine pairing.  It was the service that really ruined the evening for us.  Our server was never around for us or for his other two tables, and when we flagged him down, we had to ask him for the wine pairings that came with the courses that other servers or runners had brought us.  By the end of the meal, after he had dropped our check, he completely disappeared.  We sat, chatted and finished our wine for about 15 minutes, and he never returned.  I don't know what Peter Woolsey looks like, but an authoritative-looking guy from the kitchen in a chef's jacket was bantering with the bartender, so there was no hope of getting anyone's attention over there, and we eventually were able to flag down another server to pay our bill.  We literally never saw our own server for the last 20 minutes that we were at dinner, and he couldn't have gone home without closing out his final table, so who knows what he was doing.
Courses consisted of a French onion soup, pike with crayfish and mushrooms, veal and cream stew and a caramel walnut tart.  The elegant veal and cream stew saved this from being a one-star review; neither I nor my dining partner are dessert people, but we both loved the tart with homemade-tasting vanilla bean ice cream, but it was a lot of money to spend ($75/person) for such terrible service.  We may or may not be back - it could have been an off night, but we were really left wondering what all the hype was about.  We wished we had gone for a nice dinner elsewhere - there are so many other great choices in Philadelphia that most places can't afford to exasperate their clientele, but maybe Bistrot La Minette is just so popular that it can.Seems to be picking up on the Bistro wave, but La Minette is a great arrival...across from Beau Monde, that corner of 6th & Bainbridge is starting to look a wee bit Parisian.
This place is so new you can still smell the paint drying in the tastefully decorated bathroom.  A splash of red cushioned booths and bright yellow walls, the long narrow dining room was packed with couples and families enjoying a Friday night.
Menu was a good spread of french bistro classics with a few stunners thrown in to boot. They sell carafes of wine, which a couple seated next to us was liberally helping themselves to; the guy was leaning over his date's plate a scooping up mouthfuls of potatoes off her chicken...it must've been that good. as you can tell from such detail, seating is tight.
My wife ordered the Summer Tomato Tart; a small selection of tasty ripened beauties served on a flaky, buttery disc of pie-dough, it was a great dish. Accompanying it was a bit of greens laced with a tarragon vinaigrette.
I had the Flammenkuche...which I found out later is THE dish of Alsace.  Think of it as France's answer to pizza margarita; the caramelized onions and crispy pork lardons were served atop a flatbread laden with creme fraiche.  I read another review of the place who complained about the mushiness of the dish, but it seems they corrected and served it up crispy.  While good, I'd probably cut it up before serving...it was hard to eat with a knife & fork, so I eventually opted to go pizza fingers on it.
Several other entrees looked good; I had my eye on the Lamb Shanks that were pouring out of the kitchen. We were stuffed though and went with dessert only, a Pot de Creme served with lightly sweetened whipped cream. The Pot de Creme had a mocha-like firm custard, not the chocolate bomb we were expecting, but very smooth...kind of like the after meal coffee in a cup.Tremendously inviting space, staff hustling, lots of energy. The bistro fare is deliciously simple and done extremely well. Bravo, Chef Kenny - loved the red socks!I'd have to echo all the praises sung of La Minette. Contrary to Parc, feels as though you're on a stage set, La Minette "is" what it makes itself out to be - a cozy, not overly pretentious, full of deliciousness French Bistro. The maitre d' greets you, friendly and accomodating. The wait staff, knowledgeable without being aloof. The Prix Fix menu can be ordered w/ or w/o wine, which makes it affordable if you don't want to spend more than $30/person. I had lamb stew with the lamb dripping off the bone as though it had been stewed for days, in a tomato and bean soup, and the portions surprisingly hearty; there was little room for desert. I did try someone else's Creme Brulee....it is worth getting here - the best I've had in a long time. Oh and I have to mention that the sinks in the bathrooms are my favorite - the water comes out in a ribbon; it feels so luxurious; you'll have to try it out to know what I'm saying. La Minette succeeds in paying attention to the subtle details. This is a great place to while away the hours with a loved one or group of friends or family.This was like in a nightmare. My wife and I were visiting Philadelphia over the weekend of October 25. We have travelled the world, and had high expectations based on the reviews. We did not care about the price, but wanted to have a great time. We walked for a mile in this windy day to get to the Minette for lunch.
The first surprise once we entered the place was the smell of the bathroom coming into the eating area. The second was nobody came to greet us. After waiting for several minutes, I moved inside the restaurant, which by the way was more than half empty at 1 pm on this Saturday afternoon. In front of the table, I asked a waiter if this is a self-seating place. He replied someone will be with you shortly. He came back after serving his customer, and pointed us to the table in front of which we were waiting.
As soon as we were seated, he came back and asked if we wanted any water. We took a a Perrier that he served us immediately. After looking into the menu, and the customers around us, we had already doubts that we made the right choice. We decided to go for it anyway as we were there, so we waited. We waited, and waited, for a time that seemed like an eternity. Nobody came to us. Not to serve us any bread, and butter, or ask if we wanted a glass of wine. Not even to acknowledge our presence. All seemed very estrange. We were so disconnected from that reality that when we stood up to leave, nobody came to ask us why. In front of the door, we waited for more than 5 minutes, making all kinds of sign to attract someone's attention so we can at least pay for the bottle of Perrier we have been served. Nothing. No one. I would have left them $5 and leave, but did not have any change. We decided to leave. Moved toward the door, still making gestures, hoping someone would come and take us out of this nightmare. Nothing. We left and walked to the Red Owl, where we had a great time amongst many real people.This place really is a step into an authentic Parisian cafe. I love the decor and the ambiance because it really does put you into another world. It's like walking from. Philadelphia street to a Parisian cafe and back in just a few hours. 
My biggest pro for this place is the service. Our waitress was charming and attentive, she gave us champagne to start on the house, as we were celebrating our anniversary, and a special dessert to end our evening. 
The cuisine was traditional and delightful. The duck with plums was just like I had back in Paris. My husband had the rabbit dish and it really was the star of the show. I highly recommend it! 
The cocktails, including an authentic jack rose, were great. 
Can definitely get pricey but depending on what you order you can make it affordable. 
Also - heard it's great for brunch.I went here for an anniversary dinner and ordered the rabbit and the lamb, and chocolate mousse for dessert. The food was delicious, but the romantic atmosphere, view of the kitchen from the seating, and excellent service were also highlights of our dining experience. Very reasonably priced for the quality.Consistently wonderful across the board with food service and atmosphere.A must!
went for here for restaurant week date. the restaurant decor seem very cozy and comfy. 
we started out with 2 drinks - Old Fashion and french 75. one was whiskey other one was gin. both good and strong favors. 
Appetizers - Œuf du Pêcheur Fisherman's style poached egg, toast, mussels, tarragon cream - I have to admit this dish is my favorite appetizer course. It all works well. The mussels cook to perfection while the runny poach egg soaks the bread with the tarragon cream. each component balances one another and it was delicious.
 Must get! Escargots à la Bourguignonne Six Burgundy snails, garlic herb butter, croutons - Delicious snails with garlic herbs. After I devour the escargot I used the garlic herb butter sauce and put it on side bread. Delicious...trust me
 Terrine de Foie Gras Vanilla-scented foie gras pâté, red wine-poached pear, walnuts, endive - im not a big fan of Foie Gras but this dish was rich and delicate. Pear help out with the favor. Rillons aux Panais et Poire Pork belly confit, roasted pear and parsnip puree, sherry vinegar jus, watercress 
Pork Belly was out of this world. Tender, moist, delicious pork belly with the smooth puree. I was a big fan of this. entrees & side - Gratin de Pâtes Façon Peggy Macaroni and cheese - cheesy goodness. 
Magret de Canard aux Navets et aux Pommes I really loved this dish. The Duck was cooked perfectly. Wish I could have a whole duck and just eat this all day. Its just that good.
 Lapin Rôti à la Moutarde first time trying rabbit. wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. It was a bit salty but good. 
Taglietelle wish it was buttery and oiled a bit. Dessert - Mille Feuille aux Framboises Delicious and worth getting Gâteau Mousse au Chocolat when you think about this cake. You would think it would be rich and heavy. It was actually very light and smooth.Enjoyed an excellent meal here with friends on a special date night with old friends.
Service was attentive, helpful, polite, and not at all intrusive.  
Great cocktails - I enjoyed their Sazerac and the missus, as usual, enjoyed some bubbles before dinner. Our friends enjoyed some Belgian beer and champagne as well.
We enjoyed the foie gras appetizer, the salade nicoise, the Daube Provencal, the chick peas (which were garlicky and perfect - like eating all the ingredients for hummus in non-blended form), and the monkfish.
My entree (Daube) paired quite nicely with a GSM Rhone blend from the wine list, which always makes me happy. 
For dessert we all shared the pot de creme and the mille feuille with pastry cream and raspberries.  Probably the leats impressive part of the meal but still a fine ending to a lovely evening.
I am usually not in love with French bistro fare.  It usually seems so commonplace these days.  But La Minette was different and thoughtful, so I would definitely dine here again.  It is located in what seems to be a little French pocket of the City near South street which I didn't even know was there.  Will be a pleasure to return and explore some more.Just had brunch here for the first time and it was incredible. The service, decor, and selections were top notch.  Highly recommend the bloody mary, baked eggs, and puff pastry with raspberries. We will definitely be going back to try their dinner menu.