I have to be honest in that I don't remember all that much about the food, because of the copious amounts of wine that I drank the evening I went.  I know I liked it. 
I do remember that when the waiter told us everything was organic and locally grown, he then mentioned the steak was from Tazmania and some veg was from Florida.  
It's pretty small on the inside, and we were definitely cramped.  I will probably go back without drinking a bottle of wine.i do like their ambiance. i was excited to try this place because i read all about how they get their fresh ingredients and how green and locally harvested they are...blah blah blah. i was sold. my bf and i went and we ordered some soup with caviar it was interesting and i had their rainbow trout filet--it was too salty. the bf ordered duck. it was ok. i prefer matyson to bistro 7.we thought we would try bistro 7 on new year's eve with another couple for a special dinner. Very disappointed in service. our waiter was unattentive- we had to ask for bread etc.....The food was terrible too. We definitely won't go back.We came here on a double date with some friends.  
I thought the interior was comfortable, but girlfriend wasn't a big fan of the green everywhere.  We were seated quickly and we all enjoyed some wine while we looked over the menu.
There was a great looking tasting menu, but like many restaurants they require the whole table to do it.  Not great when one person has a limiting allergy.  I know you want to keep everyone in sync, but I've been to plenty of places that have made it work just fine.  The menu rigidity came back when the waitress was oddly unhelpful in any substitutions for the intolerance and instead just insisted to skip the item.
Overall the meal was good.  A couple of the pairings on a dish were odd.  Fire toasted chocolate marshmallow sounded really nice, but was poorly executed with the foie gras.  The main courses were better than the appetizers, but nothing really stood out.
The service was about the same.  It was good, but nothing exceptional.
Overall everything at Bistro 7 was good.  I wouldn't say no to coming back, but I also wouldn't go out of my way to make it back.Was excited to try bistro 7 after all the hype but was pretty disappointed.  The service was nothing to write home about- our server had no personality and couldn't even describe dishes we inquired about.
We started with the escargot and duck confit ragout. Escargot was the highlight of the meal and duck was good. Then came our entrees which were complete misses. We got the salmon which was bland and the components didn't blend well. Also had the wild boar which was tasty but was the smallest portion I have ever seen, for the priciest item on the menu. 
All in all there are so many fantastic restaurants in Philly I would not rush back here.Bistro 7 - Philadelphia www.bistro7restaurant.com/ 
7 N 3rd St, Philadelphia, PA 19106 (215) 931-1560 
A true hidden pearl of the Penn's Landing area, Bistro 7 needs to be on every Philadelphian's bucket list. Nestled just off of Market St on North 3rd, this home-converted-to-restaurant is an intimate space with seating for roughly 30 on the main first floor area. There is an upstairs banquet room available for groups up to 35. Dinner is served Tuesdays through Saturdays with the first seating at 530 and the last at 930. A late seating at 1030 is offered on Friday and Saturdays. 
This is a BYOB restaurant, so a nice bottle of Cabernet (or your choice beverage) will do swimmingly. 
OFFERINGS:
crunchy salad: organic celery, fennel, green apples, frisee, spiced walnuts, blue cheese, sherry vinaigrette. Pretty good. Nice start to the meal. Little FYI: Frisee is a member of the endive/chicory family with finely curled leaves and a slightly bitter flavor. 
poached farm egg, parmesan cream, black truffle, toasted quinoa, brown butter hollandaise. This was absolutely fantastic. Probably horrible for the arteries, but I practically inhaled it. 
free-form goat milk ricotta and spinach lasagna, n'duja ragout, toasted almond pesto, burrata. Nduja is a soft, spicy hot, spreadable salami considered one of the most famous, if not the most famous, of typical calabrian (Southern Italian) foods. Burrata is a fresh Italian cheese made from mozzarella and cream. 
Parisian-style gnocchi, butternut squash, spiced walnuts, green apples, sage, garlic, brown butter. This is hailed as the signature dish of Bistro 7, and for good reason. As soon as that hit the table, I was practically drooling. Mouth watering squash, the sweetness of the brown butter, and the mixture of gnocchi, walnuts, sage, and garlic. Ugh. Need to go back. 
Slow roasted black pearl organic salmon: white beans stew with rock shrimp, spicy pork sausage, rosemary, baby arugula, lemon-black pepper aioli 
Chinese five-spiced duck breast duck confit risotto, toasted hazelnuts, swiss chard, yellow beets, sundried cherry gastriqueI gave this place 4 stars after my first visit but it was more of a 3.5.  Now this time it's more of a 2.5  
French onion soup had ZERO flavor and needed to be heavily salted.  The gnocchi was nearly as flavorless.  Hint: adding garlic and brown butter as the ONLY flavoring ingredients is generally not enough with nearly flavorless gnocchi.  $21 on flavorless appetizers = bad way to start.  
The skate over "risotto" with raddchio and short ribs was passable.  The skate was overcooked slightly and the risotto rice undercooked a bit.  The flavors were decent.  The steak was, as Stephanie G said, a fatty (and poor) ribeye served with a bunch of fries.  Seriously, if 10% of the oil they were cooked in was duck fat I'd be shocked.  They tasted like they were cooked in a canola oil fryer.  And the steak was pretty bad...you could easily replicate it at home.  
Poor, poor effort from Bistro 7.  I won't be going back (second chance given.  No need for a 3rd).Bistro 7 just started brunch on Sundays with a special on Bloody Mary's.  BYO and they provide the mix.  Great menu with excellent egg dishes.  I had the Shrimp and Grits and my wife enjoyed the French Toast.  Great good from an excellent chef.  Love the decor and ambiance.Food was a good as we expected - exceptional. Service was not very good. Our server was pleasant, but somewhat incompetent. We're eating our 1st course, have food on our plates, and our server for the evening without asking reaches in and begins to remove fork/knife and plate with the root salad while I'm taking a break and tasting the escargot. If your going to have an establishment that serves some of the best, creative food in the city - the servers need to have the same type of excellence and knowledge in how to remove things from a table. it's so simple, ASK FIRST!!!
It also took 5 minutes to be approached after being seated, although it was not busy. Also had to ask server twice for bread, even though someone was dishing it out to other tables. And it took him 10 minutes to bring us water. But the bottom line is the food is pretty darn amazing and love it's a byo.Called to attempt to book a birthday party of 40 and left a message for the owner. Never got a call back. Called again, was finally put on the phone with the owner and asked to stop by. Saw the place, met with the owner, discussed menu. The owner said he would email / call me the following day... Over a week has passed, and nothing. Guess they don't need the business.This was my second visit to Bistro 7.  I thought the food was pretty solid.  We started off with both the Potato Gnocchi with butternut squash & a brown butter sauce and the Roasted Cauliflower Crespelle.  Both were absolutely delicious.  I'd order again in a heartbeat.  For the entrees, I had the striped bass with a chanterelle hazelnut risotto.  I would have rated the restaurant a 4 if it hadn't been for the portion size of the bass filet.  So small.  If it weren't for the bread and tastes from my friends' entrees, I'd of been across the street at Gianfranco's grabbing a slice.  Others got the short ribs and braised lamb.  All very good.Nice little dinner spot with friendly service and great food.  Highly recommend for an old city dining byob spot.  Split the gnocchi as an appetizer.  Very good.  Lancaster chicken dish fantastic.Awesome pre-theatre dinner nestled in the midst of one of the most historical areas of the country.  The non-descript facade of the place doesn't do justice to the ambiance and food quality.  We made early reservations through Open Table and arrived even earlier to ensure a nice dinner before the Arden's performance, and were seated on the spot.  We also brought over a bottle of a great Beaujolais and it did the trick with the dinner.
The restaurant is a row-house width, so it may not be suitable for a large party, and the center aisle is a requirement, since the kitchen is in the open rear, so if one has a party larger than four, I'd recommend making earlier reservations.  We began the faire with home baked bread and cultured butter, shared a delicately sautéed oyster plate that was delicious, and then enjoyed our piece de resistance.  I had the black pepper seared culotte of beef that came deliciously accompanied by potato puree, asparagus flan, charred asparagus, mushroom cream, and sauce bordelaise.  My partner had the butter poached halibut filet which was also delicious.  Dessert was the coconut rice pudding and the blood orange sorbet.  Both were delicious.
I can see how on a busy, busy night, service could suffer. But nonetheless, as we came early, we had an absolutely great evening, super and attentive service, exquisite food and got out of there with plenty of time to enjoy the performance.We had a really poor experience at Bistro 7 on new years eve.  Arrived for dinner food was just ok unlike previous visits.  In addition the restaurant  was freezing. We literally wore coats in the upstairs dining room.  So just ok food and very cold does not make for a great dining experience.I've been to Bistro 7 a bunch of times - I try to go every time I am home in Philly.  I've never been anything but THRILLED with my food - and I've eaten all kinds of things  - fish, gnocchi, salads, etc.  *Fabulous* food.  
I've sent tons of friends there, and have always gotten similarly great feedback.  The restaurant probably does feel cramped for Philly, but as New Yorkers we've had to move to acceptance about stuff like that  - and the the thrill of BYOB is so wonderful for us.  
One thing I do agree with the other reviewers, not so easy to eat there as a vegetarian.  On the other hand, the desserts are so killer, just get a salad and two desserts and your problem is solved!Utterly disappointing, both the food and the service.
First, the server didn't know the menu at all, and completely mis-identified something. I asked what ventreche was, and he said "umm.. it's like... uh... it's like the sauce." No. It's not. The internet later told me that it's a french-style pancetta.
The best thing was the appetizers, and even those weren't very flavorful. I tried the beet terrine with goat cheese, gnocchi with corn, zuchhini and pecorino, and the butter lettuce salad (which had a rather nice vinaigrette).
For the entree, I chose "Springtime Stew of 11-Hour Braised Leg of Lamb with Dijon-Thyme Jus over cassoulet style beans with ventrche, tomatoes, garlic and lemon gremolata" At least half of these flavors were nowhere to be found. I at least saw some thyme leaves hidden in the lamb, but the dijon? Nowhere. The lemon gremolata? Invisible. The worst part was the "cassoulet style beans." They were NOT COOKED. Beans, and especially beans in the cassoulet style, are not meant to be crunchy, I'm sorry. 
My friend had "Horseradish-Crusted Natural Beef Ribeye Steak with Warm Fingerling Potato Salad with Dijon-Burgundy glaze and watercress." Again, the lack of flavor was disappointing. The steak was encrusted with something, but didn't taste very much like horse radish, or anything else. It was also full of gristle and fat, and she was really let down that despite asking for medium the steak looked more like well done (not even a tinge of pink).
We didn't give up but decided to try dessert. Now, one of the reasons we had been excited about this place was its promise to serve local organic ingredients. We both ordered the lemon and strawberry tart with whipped creme fraiche. Despite the fact that there are local strawberries being grown in NJ, DE and PA, these strawberries looked and tasted like they came from CA or Mexico... they were definitely NOT local. 
The best thing at dinner was the bottle of wine that we brought. One star for decor, which is lovely, and one for trying to cook locally... but the execution is all off. I'm not spending my money here again.I went to "Dos Rosas", the August 2017 iteration of Bistro 7, withmy husband early on a Friday night. It is an attractive establishment and the staff was fine. The air conditioning, however, was on the fritz and the restaurant was sweltering which diminished our enjoyment of the meal.
The food was meh. The tacos, both the pork belly and sweet and sour chicken, were extremely under seasoned. The drunken beans were good but the quesadilla was bland. I had the bacon-wrapped hot dog and it was ok---I had expected the bacon to be crisp but it was limp. I think the salsa had a nice flavor but the chips were overdone and over salted. Also, they pickled the jalapenos in a sweet brine which did not complement the food and removed all of the heat one expects from a jalapeno.
I do not think we will return.Bistro 7 is one of my new favorites! They have a seasonal menu with some fabulous options, although it may be slightly limiting. I would check their menu, which is available on their website, before making reservations.
Because the dining room is rather small try to make reservations in advance. I tried to get a table for 6 in the beginning of December and was told they were basically booked for the rest of the month. So it's obviously popular!
Their seafood was very fresh and tasty. Everyone I dined with enjoyed their meals. The desserts were a little lacking. I can't even remember what I had.
I would definitely come back to Bistro 7, and bring friends. Remember that it is a BYOB so don't forget the wine! And there's a liquor store around the corner.Food was delicious. The Beef tartar was excellent as well as the tea braised duck.I have had two delicious meals here. The waitstaff is not intrusive (some might even say standoff-ish), and the ambiance is nothing special (even a bit too noisy). However, I have brought friends from Paris here, and they loved the steak frites. We also had an amazing gnocci, french onion soup, and rabbit terrine. I really adore this little gem. My only recommendation for the restaurant is to get some better bread and warm it up!A very delectible byob, would go there again but nothing really stood out on the menu.My boyfriend and I went to Bistro 7 during Restaurant Week for a date night, and it was wonderful. Bisto 7 is a small place with a lovely ambiance. Not too many tables, open kitchen, which we always like. As it was restaurant week, the menu was pre-set with three-four options for first and second course, and two options for dessert. If you are going for restaurant week, they certainly have options for everyone. 
We both got an herbed gnocchi with toasted garlic, sage and brown butter for a starter. For the main course, my boyfriend got short ribs braised with red wine, garlic and rosemary over home made papardelle pasta. No knife necessary for the braised ribs, they were so tender and delicious. I got pan-roasted Lancaster chicken in a delicious sauce, over mashed potatoes whipped with creme fresh, roasted brussel sprouts and wild carrots. The chicken was cooked absolutely perfectly. For dessert, my boyfriend got a coconut jasmine rice pudding, and I got a chocolate cremeux, which is a pudding-like mousse dessert, with vanilla whipped cream and coffee bean powder. Both were fantastic. They were not too big, but a perfect ending to the meal. Five stars for the meal. My boyfriend and I are a bit picky, as we both love to cook and try different restaurants, and we were happy with everything we had. 
It is also a BYOB, which is always great. I don't even want to include a negative, but if I had to give one, I would just say that while the service was great, we did feel a little bit rushed. That's the only reason I gave four stars, and not five. Our dinner, which we were hoping to take our time through, was over in less than hour, and it was a Tuesday night, so it wasn't overly crowded at all, and no one was waiting. Again, the service was very good though. Attentive, but not overly so. I would stringy recommend this charming little French Bistro, and we hope to return soon after trying some other places in the city we have yet to try.This place is sheer perfection!  The food was inventive and very tasty.  The service (while not overly friendly) was professional, attentive and without compliant.  The atmosphere is simple.  It's a BYO, so the overall bill was very reasonable for the exceptional quality and creativity of the place.  Try this neighborhood gem!I just returned from Bistro 7 and my impression is average.
I was a little bit anxious about the food after reading the mediocre reviews on food quality. After experiencing it myself, I think people were a bit too severe about it. First the service was completely fine, the girls are very nice, polite and caring. They did not rush with our meal (being a Friday night helps). About the food, it is hard to say. Honestly my meal was on a slope and did not leave me an unforgettable memory. The waitress brought us a 'mise en bouche' as well as some gougeres filled with goat cheese to start with. They are trying hard here, and it is well appreciated.
Then I got the duck confit, it was very good and well seasoned, whereas my striped bass/chanterelle risotto was definitely lacking of salt (ok this one is easy to cope with) and I could not really name it a risotto, not creamy for a dime! The dessert (coconut rice pudding) was as good as in a cafeteria. Please make an effort on presentation when the dish doesn't go in hand with originality! 
Needless to say that the decor was just as good as in a waiting room.
This one has nothing to do with the restaurant but just made the experience even worse, we had a very loud party of 4 with 2 guys laughing at who knows what and hearing themselves talking.
So my final point is, do you have a better place to recommend? 
Claire.Nice little dinner spot with friendly service and great food.  Highly recommend for an old city dining byob spot.  Split the gnocchi as an appetizer.  Very good.  Lancaster chicken fantastic.A great hidden gem. I hadn't heard anything about Bistro 7 but decided to take a chance. Bistro 7 exceed expectations. They had the best waitstaff I've dealt with in awhile. The menu was pretty robust except for the dessert menu which was a little underwhelming. The food was full of flavor: gnocchi with mushrooms, asparagus and pecorino-romano cheese in saffron broth, lamb tagine over couscous that was super tender, soy-citrus marinated stried bass over scallion risotto and tempura asparagus, and lamb that was perfectly cooked with a phyllo dough stuffed with goat cheese and black olives. It was a very enjoyable meal that we followed with a chocolate cake with cocounut ice cream and cocunut caramel bananas. I like that the chef uses fresh ingredients whenever possible and rotates the menu from week to week.We have been to Bistro 7 many times but came back this past time for the tasting menu. Every dish was superb and perfectly portioned. Highlights for me included the Beet Terrine (picture added) and the Ricotta Gnudi. Ten courses for $65 and a BYO - this has got to be one of the best deals in the city.The new menu of five small plate choices in three categories is a winner.  The prices for each item may seem high, however they represent good value because 1) the portions are large (five dishes was plenty for the two of us) and 2) it's BYOB which saves a lot. 
Enjoyed:
- The gnocchi with pumpkin, roasted garlic and toasted walnuts.  The gnocchi were incredibly light and the sauce with the crunchy garlic pieces was addictive. 
- The escargot stew, was more like a bisque with five plump tasty snails.  
- The puffed black rice provided an interesting texture contrast in the ahi tuna; however overall the dish needed more zest - perhaps some pickled cabbage or some jalapeno, or combined pickled jalapeno. 
- The merguez meatballs were terrific.  Cilantro pesto is an interesting compliment that worked well. 
- The duck breast was well prepared and a nice substantial dish. 
Even though the service was uneven (especially puzzling since the restaurant was essentially empty for most of the time we were there), I'm looking forward to returning.One of my more memorable dining experiences happened at Bistro 7.  As the server reached around me to put my plate in front of me I felt a wet and oily substance dripping down my arm and all over a shirt I had purchased about 3 hours earlier.  Turns out that every drop of liquid that was once on my plate was now on my sleeve.  She was extremely apologetic and said that the restaurant would be picking up our dessert as well as my cleaning bill.  I stayed calm, told her that accidents happen, and appreciated it.  Well, after dessert the manager walked over and said that the entire meal was on them (2 apps, 2 entrees, 2 desserts).  The food was great and generosity very much appreciated.After being unable to get a reservation at some of the more trendy places for restaurant week, my friend and I ended up at Bistro 7 for dinner. We reserved through opentable.com for 5:30 on a Thursday night. The place was empty when we arrived and we were given a cozy table for two. The decor was minimal, but the space was small so it felt warm and inviting. The servers were friendly, but not hovering. 
For appetizers, we ordered the potato gnocchi and the butternut squash and pear soup. Both were excellent and I would happily order them again. For entres, we ordered the chicken dish and the pork belly dish. My friend found the chicken to be a bit salty and overall called the dish average. I loved the pork belly. It was tender and flavorful and the beans and greans with it were the perfect complement. For dessert we had the jasmine rice pudding and the chocolate pot. Both were yummy, but the rice pudding was a real standout with a perfect blend of creamy rice, crispy coconut, and sweet caramel.
The menu changes seasonally and it is a BYOB. Attire seemed to be more dressy. Of the six or so tables by the time we left, no one was wearing jeans. The restaurant week menu is a great value and the food ranged from good to delicious.This is a hidden gem in old city. I rarely write reviews like this but I was so impressed that I had to.  The food was phenomenal and the service was on point. We were a table of 9 and ordered an array of dishes to share. The Ahi tuna was prepared to perfection and the lamb meatballs were the perfect amount of spice cooled down by the cucumber and cilantro oil in the couscous. The scallop presentation was beautiful - it came in the shell - and it tasted like it was cooked in citrus and covered in a creamy, flavorful aioli.  Delicious. The star of the show was the Lancaster chicken. A whole chicken prepared two ways - some tagine style in an amazing olive and lemon sauce and some fried in a buttermilk batter to absolute perfection.  Best fried chicken in the city.  And it's a BYO with no cork fee!  Awesome. A must try.Pretty good BYO in Philly. I would definitely recommend the Goat Milk Ricotta Gnocchi, Escargot, and Endive salad for apps. I had the Skate filet for dinner and would not recommend it. Too chewy and I thought it was odd to serve it with Ox-tail. After the apps, the dessert was the best part of the meal. We shared (and by shared, I mean inhaled) the Brioche French Toast. DELICIOUS!Service was terrible, all the food was just ok EXCEPT the gnocchi! It was light, fluffy and covered in butter! But I wouldn't go back even for this amazing gnocchi.I found that place while I was wandering the city last night. 
Everything was perfect, from the homemade watermelon & basil lemonade to the coconut & jasmine rice pudding! 
They were out of the appetizer I wanted so, as a surprise, they kindly offered me a second appetizer: very nice of them!
I tried the gnocchi (and the squash flower with goat cheese -the one I was offered). The best thing was the sweetness of the garlic! Yum!
Then I ordered the rouget (my favorite fish). That dish is a must-try! I comes with a creamy pesto, and shaved fennel, and also with some lamb sausage. All these ingredients go so well together!!!
The rice pudding I had for desert was also very tasty!We came here for my birthday and were incredibly impressed with everything from the atmosphere to the service to the last bite of dessert! I enjoyed all the food and finished every bite! We'll be going back for Valentine's Day and I can't wait!!We had one of our best meals last night! We had a reservation but almost didn't go in when we looked from the outside. So glad we did! The service was incredible but the food was beyond! Each dish had so much flavor. Everyone in our party could not stop raving with every bite. Will definitely return.I really wanted this place to be good. Surprised my boyfriend with a weekend in Philly for his birthday and this was dinner.
BYOB so I brought two bottles not knowing what we were going to order. We had trouble identifying the place from outside because there's no sign plus the construction that continues to the corner of the block. When we walked in we were immediately greeted and seated.
The waitress was clearly running around a little bit but they were busy and the space is small and loud. She asked how we wanted to do the wine (open both, open one, etc). We told her that we hadn't decided and so she gave us more time to look over the menu.
After having time to look over the menu and choose a wine the owner, I presume, came over and immediately opened the bottle for us, let us know that everything on the menu was still available but there were no additions.
Took us a few more minutes but once we decided the waitress took our order. I had the escargot appetizer and the duck entree while my boyfriend ordered the foie gras and lamb entree. While we waited the waitress brought over bread and butter, someone periodically refilled the water. The staff was attentive but not invasive.
The escargot was good but not great. The sauce was a little overwhelming to the amount of snails. My boyfriend enjoyed the foie gras but, again it was nothing special. The lamb entree was hearty but not overly enjoyable. It needed more spice. More something. The duck was a bit dry and the cherry glaze really pulled the dish together. Without it, there wasn't much flavor. When the waitress asked how everything was I couldn't really hide my disappointment of the duck and she offered to have it either made again or to get me something else. I was just hungry at that point so I declined, but the offer was nice.
We opted for no dessert or coffee. We were given a complementary chocolate mouse of some sort that I didn't care for but the birthday boy enjoyed.We absolutely loved our meal here last night. We had the gnocchi to start (absolutely delicious) and then had the short ribs (slow cooked for about 30 hours) and the lamb. Everything from the appetizer to even the coconut rice pudding was fantastic. This place is small but so wonderful. I can't wait to come back the next time I'm in town.My friends and I love dining out, and a BYOB is always an added plus. Unfortunately, for several reasons, I would not return to this one. We went there last night with a party of 4. The decor was minimalist and hip, but as one of the other reviews had said- much smaller than it appears on the website. The place is very small and cramped, so definitely not a place for groups or children. Also, they had this weird curtain over the front door, and when you entered, you couldn't see where you were going- it felt like emerging from under a tent.
The food at Bistro 7 is mediocre at best. Shortly after we were seated, the waiter brought us a basket of bread balls that were stuffed with goat cheese. I was excited about this, because I LOVE goat cheese. Unfortunately, the bread itself was very bland and doughy- it tasted almost like an Amish biscuit- not even the delicious goat cheese could save it.. Next I had the Roasted Squash and Pear Soup with Crème Fraiche, which was quite good. Then was the Slow-Braised Chicken with Rosemary and Roasted Garlic fingerling potatoes, brussel sprouts, and mushrooms- the vegetables were good, but the chicken was- meh. It tasted like someone's Mom's chicken you'd have at a family dinner. For dessert, we had the Chocolate Malted Pot de Creme, which was ok, but again, nothing spectacular.
The worst part of Bistro 7 was the service. I've been to many restaurants all over the city, and I've never encountered such rude waitstaff in my life. I appreciate that it was a Friday night and they were busy, but for the waiter to approach us shortly after we arrived and inform us that we had to be out by 9pm because they "need the table for someone else" is riduclous- especially when there was a table directly next to us that was clear and available, just sitting there empty for 2 hours. Our party felt very rushed, and the waiter was abrupt and rude to us the entire time. We still left him a proper tip, but we all agreed that we will not be returning there again.
Bistro 7 needs to get it together. In an economy when dining out is a luxury for most, customer service counts for a lot. Mediocre, overpriced food and rude waitstaff is just not going to keep your tables full. There are plenty of BYOB's in the city, and unfrotunately, this one missed the mark.Chilly Disappointment:
We were seated in the upstairs dining room (even though I made this reservation over a month in advance). While the main dining room is dimly lit with candles and a buzzing ambiance, the upstairs was like eating in a giant storage closet. NO decor, closed off windows, overbearingly bright lights - NO ATMOSPHERE. It was so cold I had to wear my jacket during the meal. The waiter did not bring me a spoon for my soup, and was nowhere to be found. After 5 minutes of waiting I opted to find my own spoon. The soup was good, the hand torn pasta was lovely (although the portions were completely off balance. My fiancé also got the pasta and his serving was almost half size of mine - which was already very tiny), but the main course came out very late and the meat was cold, unevenly cooked and very tough. The coffee was nice - so thats a plus. Considering the chilly room and lack of upstairs atmosphere (which seemed like an afterthought in both the decor and service), and the underwhelming main course, I will not be returning.Did a supper club with some friends one hot summer night at Bistro 7 and I enjoyed the food, and the company.  Save room for dessert!  I'm not sure but I think they make it themselves, as the rice pudding was redonkulous...and by that I mean GOOD!  It was coconut and had caramel on the plate...it was thicker than your normal run-of-the-mill rice pudding.  So good.  My girlfriends had pot de creme, which also looked and tasted great.
My entree was good...though there was something not-GF on the menu but it looked so good I wish I could have had it.  My friends had this crab-stuffed squash blossom thing on top of a pesto risotto - mmmm.  I had a duck breast with lentils and there were some grilled peaches on the plate.  It was good...well-done plate of food, and a decent portion.  I recall eating butter lettuce salad with a buttermilk dressing (which is better for you or so I hear), but this wasn't anything to write home about.  It was good, but I would have eaten two desserts instead! :)
What I did not enjoy was a major lack of AC that night.  I'm sure they were aware of the problem...so I didn't want to be that guy complaining about how hot it was in there.  So I'd like to go back when this is not an issue, as I'm sure this affected my comfort level while trying to eat warm food, too.
Pre-fixe menu seems like a great way to go here, as they give you many courses and a great value for the $s.  The only thing is that we could not order it unless the whole table wanted it (WTF) and I could not do substitutions (which does not work for me given the gluten-free thing).The restaurant is small, warm, and adorable! But, I guess everything in that neighborhood is. It was pretty quiet with an older crowd, and my friend and I got a few glares for our (admittedly loud) chatter after a bottle of wine.. or two.  Because it's BYOB, so of course. We opted for the 10-course tasting menu because we were sort of celebrating. 
Ok, full disclaimer, I do not have the most... developed palate. It may have been a bit fancy for us, so we may have just missed the point, but WHY ALL THE BEETS? What is a "beetsicle"? Also, almost every course was eaten with a spoon. By the final one, we laughed at the sight of more spoons. More variety would have been appreciated, maybe with another meat course. But, beets aside, the food was delicious. The gnocchi was my favorite course.
I'm not sure if I'd go back or not given the lengthy list of restaurants I want to try in Philadelphia, but it was a fun experience to get a 10-course meal for $65 and bring our own wine!DW and I went there with another couple for restaurant week, and we were charmed.
We were seated upstairs in a room usually reserved for parties, which actually turned out to be a good place to sit in February, as the tables on the first floor near the door can be chilly that time of year.
Although all the food was good, especially noteworthy were the duck liver appetizer, gnocchi appetizer, lamb and chicken entrees, and apple crumb dessert.
The service was exceptionally gracious and good even with the busy crowd.
Reminder: this is a BYOB - you really don't want to be the only table without wine!My husband threw my 50 birthday party here---and it truly was the most amazing and memorable meal I have ever had. I have quite refined tastes--and  the food was outstanding. Every dish was constructed with such care and delicacy. I had to photograph each dish. What a memorable meal. This place is a true gem!An eclectic and skillful menu that would entertain true "foodies" without scaring off the meat-and-potatoes types.  A bit more ambiance to this place and it could rival the big names in Philly.  Try the tasting menu for a full experience - and bring plenty of your favorite wines (white for the sea-based first courses and red for the later plates).Summary: Unpleasant staff and overly-priced, mediocre food.
After walking by and noticing an interesting-looking menu, we decided to venture inside to try two of their desserts: chocolate pot de creme, and their Cheese pastry (affinois). Our initial interaction with staff was me asking whether the restaurant was newly built and were greeted with a non-smiling, unfriendly host/waiter snootily responding with a curt "6 years". This took us aback a bit but we followed him to our seats regardless as we were still excited for the food. We mentioned that at this point in the evening we were only interested in the desserts. The waiter moved towards the counter where the chef (or sous-chef) was standing. This counter was about 15 feet away from our table. As he approached the counter he mentions to the chef that we were "ooonnlyy getting dessert" in a rather snooty and annoyed fashion at which point the chef gave an annoyed response (they spoke in an annoyed fashion about this once more later on). At this point, I was borderline thinking of leaving but decided to stick it through in hopes that the food would make up for this poor attitude.
The experience with the dessert was worse. The cheese pastry was bland and the best part of the dish was the side of honey. The pot de creme had a macaroon that was stale. The creme itself was tasteless, boring even. Really no best part to the dish. In the end, we finished neither of the dishes, asked for our check and hurried out. If the desserts and service are any indication of a full meal experience there, I'd be wary of wasting any money here.Totally awesome food, service and atmosphere.  Unique flavors and each item that hit the table was incredible. Would definitely come back and encourage people to try it if you have not yetOf all the restaurants we've eaten in Philly this place was definitely the best. 
Yes, its BYOB, yes, it's cold by the door and yes the portions arent that of Maggianos BUT the flavor, quality and service were all excellent. 
I had the soup (butternut squash and something) which was excellent and the creme fraiche was magnificent. The bread was homemade and hearty and I couldve eaten 120 more pieces of it. The salad with walnuts, blue cheese and apples was perfectly seasoned and dressed and the gnocchis were light yet filling and perfectly cooked. 
For entrees I had a salmon which was average and not amazing. The mashed pasnip was great and the sauce was quite tasty too. The pork was very good as well. 
For dessert we had one of everything... luckily only 3 things. Each one better than the last.
Would 100% return. Would 100% reccomend. 
We did opentable for resi's. Casual atmosphere.This restaurant is not wheelchair accessible despite the business listing saying so, please update accordingly.  There is a step at the entrance and no ramp.I like this place. Good food, small menu, great prices. I wish they would just add another option for the sharing dishes. They only had 2 options when we went, a fish and a chicken. They were both great for sharing (large portion), but wish there was one more option, especially if I want to come back. Staff seemed very professional and had good knowledge of the menu and ingredients.Most people who I have spoken to have not heard of this place, and it is a real shame. This was one of the few restaurants that I have ever been in where every plate I saw cleaned off a table was completely empty of crumbs and sauce! They do a really nice job. It has a great atmosphere for a date night. I will definitely be back here again soon.Great Ingredients,  Bad survice, Bla Execution on the food, way way overpriced.  But it wasn't the worst.We went on friday night and were both thouroughly underwhelmed.  The menu was more exciting than the food, I thought the lack of decor was austere.  The service was good and itwas packed.  We had an enjoyable dinner despite the mediocre food.STELLAR MEAL!  Even during restaurant week!
Service was super attentive and friendly.
The bread and olive oil were to die for.  The bread was super fresh and the oil was fruity and full of fresh herbs.
My starter, the lentil soup with goat cheese, was nothing to write home about.  My husband practically licked his plate of duck liver.
I can't remember our entrees - mine was a pasta dish and it was delicious.  I think my husband had steak.  He almost licked the plate again.
Dessert was pretty good too.
All and all a stellar meal.
Love that it's BYOB.
Seating is a bit cramped though and decor is nothing special.
Good thing I rate on the food - 5 STARS for sure!Excellent small dining in this cozy little spot. The modern french fare was so good and its byob so it is good for the wallet. I will most definitely be back! So yummy and fresh. Great service as well. One waiter in the whole place and I never felt ignored great place. :)Wonderful byob in Old City with a great menu, filling food, friendly staff. Very romantic and cute, great date spot.We went with friends who had an excellent meal here years ago. It was a decidedly bad experience and we won't be going back.  I don't like giving bad reviews, but this was a pretty awful, yet expensive, meal.  
The service was surly and curt, did not give us time to linger with the menu, gave awful recommendations with regards to how much to order per person.  
The food itself was heavy in general.  Starting the meal, it was odd that they used unsalted butter with the bread, but this is a small issue.  The first course that I had, the duck liver mousse that was basically tasty but had a grainy texture, and I think the vector for the food poisoning that my husband and I are experiencing.  They ran out of the foie gras, so I got the calamari instead.  The calamari dish was spectacularly over salted and super over cooked.  Finally, the soft shell crab was super greasy, had an overly sweet and thick avocado sauce, and was just not good.  My husband ordered the spring gnocchi, and was unpleasantly surprised by a million mushrooms in the sauce.  It was mushroom gnocchi with a few ramps, not vice versa.  The waitress came over and asked how things were.  I told her that my husband has a deep aversion to mushrooms and that it was an unpleasant surprise, and asked for a redo.  My husband, not wanting to make a scene, said it was fine, but the waitress should have immediately whisked away the dish and offered it sans mushrooms.  My husband's duck was spectacularly over cooked, the tea-soaked rice (I think that's what it was) was mushy and overpowering with tea flavor, and the portion was much smaller than in the other photos shared on yelp.  
Finally, we were rushed out of the restaurant with our 8:30 seating and our meal ended around 11.  It was overall highly unpleasant.Love Bistro 7. But make sure you call before going. This place is so popular. The food is very good. a real chef behind the all thing. Bring your own bottle, and enjoy. Menu change frequently, I love the "Terrine de Lapin" and they serve it with real French Pickles... It was a lot, bit too much for one.  My favorite desert there is the Coconut Rice pudding. Usually, I don't like rice pudding, but this one is to die for. The salmon also is excellent. The decor is great, simple, and it's always full. Also had some occasions to have a quick something at the bar, watching over the kitchen. Love it.Tried Bistro 7 during restaurant week. The server seated us immediately as soon as we walked in and the store was relatively small. There were a few selections to choose from the menu for each course. Elegant interior and the best thing is the chef prepared the dishes right infront of us. The gnocchi was buttery and flavorful. The duck mousse were heaven and riched in texture. The dessert, caramel poached apples was too sweet; like literally putting a spoon of melted brown sugar into my mouth. 
Dinner took us 2 hours to finish and good for small talks. BYOB is a plus.I've been going to Bistro 7 for years and they never fail to please myself or my dining companions. Bistro 7 specializes in bistro French cuisine that is approachable, seasonal, and beautifully presented.
The chef/ owners really know how to make the most of everyday and special ingredients alike. This is food cooked by a French relative with amour, if only I had such a relative. Sigh. 
If this weren't enough, this is a BYOB, minus corkage fees or wine snobs. The interior is painted a spring green which is cheerful, intimate, and elegant in a simplicity that only the French can achieve. The service is attentive but relaxed, just like eating in a good friend's kitchen.
In absence of such a relative, I'm glad I can truly count this as a neighborhood gem, which has lost none of its sparkle over the years.Bland food, overpriced menu, inattentive service. We were seated 20 minutes after our reservation and waited a long time for our waiter to arrive and much longer for our order to be taken. The gnocci was very under seasoned, the rillette was very bland, and several of of entrees did not feature the ingredients listed on the menu. The wait staff seemed decidedly uninterested us. Most of the other tables seemed to be enjoying themselves but I think they just didn't know what good food should taste like.I Love bistro 7. Each time I go, it's fantastic . I bring all my friends from NYC, Paris, Philly of course and even the London ones. They all love it. Even the French from the main line....The food is great, fresh and fine. I guess I go there too often and tried everything on the menu, almost. And that rice pudding is to die for. Love it all.
Highly recommended if you want to have fine cuisine at reasonable price. Plus the chef is always trying some new dishes. Give it full stars and few Michelin macaroons if I could ;)Solid BYO... good food, intimate, what else do you need?  Reservations recommended.  Ask for a seat away from the entrance during cold evenings - it's a bit drafty up front!
I recently came to Bistro 7 with a few friends from out of town.  I made a reservation through opentable.com for a Friday night about 3 days in advance, and when we arrived we were seated immediately.  The space is small, and the decor is minimal... but it still managed to have character.  I think this would be a decent place to bring a date.
We tried the gnocchi appetizer, which was gone in seconds - it was very tasty.  I had the short ribs, which were good - although not the most tender I have had.  The horseradish mashed potatoes on the side were mouthwateringly delicious.  My date had the chicken, which was very tender and cooked perfectly.  For dessert we tried the Chocolate Malted Pot de Crème with Vanilla Whipped Cream and the Coconut Jasmine Rice Pudding with Toasted Coconut and Coconut Caramel.  Both of which were delicious, but I was probably more into the rice pudding.
The service was quick, and I had an enjoyable evening.  I would come here again.I was apprehensive to go here, mainly because the menu/descriptions are overwhelming.  There seem to be no less than 10 components in each dish- but nonetheless we decided to give it a shot.
  The decor is relaxed and service was really great- they were attentive and on point with refilling wine and maintaining the table.  I really enjoy french food and the refined complexity of the style of cooking but here the food  left something to be desired for me.  
  The amuse bouche was less than amusing.  Started with a spoon of pea soup with smoked salmon- mouth coating and overly saturated with cream and butter; followed by an herbed goat cheese gougere- the pastry part was actually quite good, but eating a huge mouthful of goat cheese was not.
First Course:
  Escargots were drenched in a heavy cream sauce and the other 12 or so ingredients basically drowned in the sauce.   
  Gnocchi were gloppy, sauce was watered down and for 14 (or there about) it was overpriced.
Second course:
  Rabbit and polenta was basically flaked apart rabbit meat (a la chicken of the sea) in an overly acidic tomato sauce finished off with a salt laden pesto. not what I was expecting
  I really, really wanted to like the squash blossoms.  They were just okay.  Any of the subtle nuances and delicacy of the blossom itself was lost by a death sentence in the deep fryer.  The crab stuffing was pretty good.  The rice (not risotto as advertised) was just okay.
Dessert was pretty good although the macaroon was not fluffy and chewy as I would have expected.
All in all it was just ehh.My two girlfriends and I went for restaurant week last night. Super cute BYOB!
All and all the food was good and service was good. 
I have heard people rave about this place so I guess I expected a little more. I know it is hard to judge during restaurant week sometimes. 
So I ate the gnocchi app which was awesome! My two friends each got one of the salads- one with beets and the radicchio salad. My app was the favorite. The radicchio salad was a little too garlicky. 
For our main course, I got the pork shoulder with onions and mustard and creamy polenta. It was so delish, pork was very moist and sauce was flavorful. My one friend ordered the salmon which was a tad over cooked and my other girlfriend got the chicken which she enjoyed. 
Dessert was probably the most disappointing- we each got a different one- the mousse, blueberry and peach cobbler and jasmine rice pudding. The cobbler was the best; the mousse was like Jello brand pudding. 
So all and all I would go back. Service was good- they did let us stay and hang out, finish our wine. Our waiter was attentive, but nothing over and beyond.Great boutique restaurant- went there for a meeting-of-the-families dinner and everything was good. We were the only people there at 7pm on a thursday, which was great. The service was amazing, and friends of the staff and chef trickled in and out greeting eachother. Bring multiple wine bottles, you are going to want to stay there for a long time.  Save up your pennies and get the whole works, its worth it!Michael O'Halloran has mastered the art of high end comfort food. This Old City BYOB is an absolute gem.  Sunday thru Thursday, Bistro 7 offers a 5-course prix-fixe dinner for $35. His signature appetizer burgurdy escargot stewed in cream with with sourdough breadcrumbs is not to be missed. During the colder months, Michael offers his guests a selection of home-made charcuterie. His ultimate dessert is the chocolate malted pot-de-creme that will leave even the most critical palate satisfied. Prefect for a date or a quiet evening out in the heart of this classic Philadelphia neighborhood. Plenty of street parking available.French bistrots are my favorite places to dine, so I really wanted to enjoy this place more than I did! My boyfriend and I had an enjoyable evening, but there were certain aspects that fell a little flat. The restaurant has a very relaxed atmosphere and great service. The kitchen is open and the chef periodically checks in with the diners, which I always welcome. The bread and salted butter to start was delicious. I had the escargots to start, which were incredible. I had the duck and my boyfriend had the chicken entree. Duck is my favorite, so Bistro 7's was disappointing. It was overcooked, chewy, and the accompaniments were lacking. I tried the chicken, and it was much better- the sauteed vegetables it came with were great! We split the chocolate mousse dessert, which my boyfriend enjoyed, but I didn't think was anything exciting. The cappuccinos were good, and the staff didn't rush us out at the end, which was nice. All in all, some things were great and some things fell short. I'd probably give it another chance.I went there for restaurant week, and man I'm glad I did.  First, the potato and leek soup was awesome.  It had smoked salmon in it that was so good, at first I thought it was smoked bacon!  Also, you really can't get much better than any dish that has duck.... but they definitely found a way to.Another fairly ok byob in philly...nothing special...we reserved the seating upstairs for group 15 people...food was ok...bit boring...servers were friendly...only problem i had was that they charged us flat $200 dollar rate for gratuity even though total bill was around 450...that's bit too much no??We went here for restaurant week and loved it!   Service  was quite good for a Friday night during restaurant week!  The atmosphere mirrored those of other locally owned spots (e.g. audrey claire)... quaint and homey.
I ordered the pork with sweet potatoes and greens-- fabulous.  The sweet potatoes had an interesting hint of spice, which was pleasantly unexpected!  As for the appetizer--gnocchi--delicious!great date byo!  on a recommendation by my fabulous foodie coworker, i asked the bf to take me on a date to bistro 7.  he had been there before an loved it, but the only last-minute reservations available were for 6:30pm.  our fellow patrons were in the 60+ age group.  we decided we were going to take our good ol' time and enjoy every aspect of our meal.  we brought wine and ordered appetizers.  they also gave us some samples of other apps.  i ordered the short rib and he ordered the rabbit.  i was extremely happy with my dish especially after tasting his.  the rabbit was a little too stewy and gamey without that kick of flavor.  the short rib was heavenly - tender, meaty, and braised to perfection.  for desert i got the carrot cake, which was a bit of a mystery.  it was lighter than the average carrot cake and the icing was more of a whip than a heavy cream cheese base.  though, still delicious.  the ambience was great, though the wait staff could have been a little friendlier.  i hope to go back.  yum!Are you...serious?
They took a piece of french bread, cut it in half,..one half to my bf and one half to myself.  That was the bread for the table.  What the hell? So we started off by splitting 1 piece of bread, awesome.
My bf got the steak, which was supposed to come with duck fat fried potatos.  For $32 he got the fattiest steak I have ever seen and a plate full of french fries. LoL No joke!
I got the scallops...4 jumbo sized.  It was eh.  I've had better for cheaper ($26).  If I'm paying that much it better be good!Two things:
1: I love that this is a byob! Great for dates or couple dinners. 
2: Get the chicken because it's amazing!
The restaurant is small and intimate, one of my favorite in the city!Don't be fooled by its intimate scale -- this place has it all if you've been searching for a BYOB that prides itself on fresh, organic ingredients and well-prepared, made-to-order french cuisine (with, at times, a hint of asian influence).  If possible, go when head chef and owner Michael O'Halloran is in the kitchen to ensure that your meal is the best B7 offers.  In terms of menu options, B7's wild burgundy escargot and jasmine coconut rice pudding have yet to find their equals in Phildelphia.  If you're used to restaurants laying on the salt to mask old meats and ingredients, this might not be the place for you.
-pinkposyHas the feeling of a hidden neighborhood gem.  Quaint, but not so small that you have to watch a stranger's elbow dip into your onion soup.  The gnocchi with butternut squash and walnuts was the highlight for sure, and being Italian myself I am a tough critic.  The scallops were pretty damn good, just a bit on the salty side.  Maple syrup creme brulee for dessert....yum.  Nice, friendly staff, but nothing special in that regard.
As a general rule, I like any restaurant that can pull off a changing weekly menu that uses whatever's local and in-season.  Bistro 7 does that; just bring a couple good bottles of wine and don't fill up on the crappy bread and olive oil!Came here for Valentine's Day. Place was very modern. Ate upstairs so the noise level wasn't loud. Food was okay. But other than that it was a pleasant experience. Would come back again for little dinner date. If you're trying to impress a girlThe food here is great. The waiters are very friendly and professional. The atmosphere is quaint and its BYOB!...I enjoyed myself a lot here!Arrived at 9:15 and it was immediately apparent there was no need for the reservation I had made.  Granted it was perhaps one of  the first cold nights of the winter, but I was surprised at how empty this place was (to be fair, almost all of Old City - note to Yelp, there is no 'e' in Old City - was very quite).  The hostess, said pick any open table.  She was friendly and knew the menu well. 
Began with the cornmeal coated fried oysters.  The breading obsecured the taste of the oysters, which were served over "green eggs and ham".  Considering that all the dishes on the menu aren't Suess based, I found this contrived.  I also thought there was too much going on.  I did like the sharp contrast from the horseradish though.  This dish would benefit from being toned done, with a greater focus on its core - the oysters. 
One of the entrees was the duck breast with foie gras over pureed white beans with baby turnips.  This was the winning dish of the evening.  It was slightly marred however, by being served too cool. The duck and foie gras had a wonderful smokiness, which was complimented well by the white bean puree. 
The other entree was a nicely seared and moist chicken breast with chicken roulade (a terrine), that they made, which was OK but needed more herbs in the roulade.  Chicken was definitely the dominate theme of this dish.  A few more Brussel Sprouts would have been appreciated.  
A cheese plate would have been a nice option for dessert, but alas, wasn't offered.  Which was OK anyway, because by the time we left at 10:15, we were the only ones in the restaurant.  To tell the truth, I liked having the place to ourselves, since we got excellent service!Delicious Fresh Food Cooked to Perfection in Olde City
 This BYOB restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside--in fact, we walked right past it. Apprehensive, we looked in the store-front window and saw white tablecloths. A good sign...so ventured in. My Washingtonian friend, a self-styled gourmet, decided we should order the tasting menu.  The appetizer-types were inventive, heirloom tomato tartar, green vegetable gazpacho and a beetsicle. My favorite was the crispy, but not deep fried to tastelessness, beer batter-fried soft-shell crab. My friend favored the pan-seared jumbo sea scallops. All the food was meticulously cooked, presented and served by a professional waiter. Warning: don't spoil your appetite with an aperitif before dining. Pace yourself, this is serious dining. Not too noisy for conversation--with this menu you'll have plenty of it.  Price is right.
 A large vase of flowers would have made this Olde City Bistro a Olde City Paris Bistro.