I love this place. I know it's crowded, and I know you can barely get a drink without having to throw some 'bows, but I like it and I'm sticking to my guns. The lines are crazy long, but my friends and I usually just walk by acting like we're not interested and get ushered inside by the super nice bouncer. So that's our secret. BTW, it only works when you're part of a group of HOT girls... sorry guys...and ahem...ugly girls. We LOVE to dance and though this place is not the ideal place to dance, we never let that get in the way of our fun. We'll just plant ourselves in a nice spot and just dance. The music is awesome: Dancehall, hip hop, reggae-ton, same stuff I have on my Ipod. :D I've never eaten here, but the food looks interesting... in a good way.A group of 4 of us ate here for Restaurant week.  When making the reservation thru Opentable the only available times were 5:30 and then after 7 pm.  Since we were coming directly from work I chose 5:30.  We were seated right away and we were the only people there.  We each ordered from the restaurant week menu.  I ordered a draft beer, another ordered a Miller and another glass of wine.  Food was ok, I really enjoyed the dumplings, however I did not care for the entree and barely ate it.  One girl ordered the steak medium, however when she cut into it, it was very red.  She also said it was very bland and needed salt.  We waited for our waitress to come back so that we could ask for salt, after about 5 mins we finally asked another waitress. Two of us ordered coffee with included cheesecake.  We finally received our check, a little after 7 pm, and there were only three tables occupied, so not sure why when I tried making a reservation I didn't have an option between 5:30 - 7 pm.  When reviewing the check I got confused.  The meal was to be $35 each ($140),  then add then 2 beers, a glass of wine, a coke and 2 coffees and the bill was $211.  We started to try and figure out why it was so high, then we noticed - the tip was already included.  HOWEVER the bill before tip was $170.  If tip is to be included, most of the time you know ahead of time, I did not see it on the menu, but maybe I missed it.  But if included the standard is 18%, which would of brought the bill to $200.  So when I got home and figured out the tip, we were charged almost 24% for mediocre service.  That is just plain greedy.  Had it just been the food, I may have tried this place again but given that a 24% tip was included in with our bill, I will pass on this place in the future.The staff ruined a good dining experience for me here.  I'd been here at night for drinks and because they were good, I didn't complain about the price.  I received some gift certificates for this place and decided to bring my girlfriend here for dinner.  I'd never eaten here before, and to my surprise the food was very good.  We had the spring roll appetizer, the crab cakes and the salmon.  It all tasted very fresh and both my girlfriend and I remarked that we'd have to keep this place in mind the next time we wanted to take some friends to dinner.  Then it came time to pay the bill.
We were apparently there during happy hour, so the food was at a discounted price.  Awesome, I thought!  So I presented the waitress with my gift certificate and said after she deducted that, here was cash for the remainder of the bill.  She returned and told me she couldn't use the gift certificate because the food was already discounted.  I explained that this was a gift certificate - it's to be used toward the final bill.  She kept telling me she couldn't do it, so I asked to speak to the manager.  The manager comes over and matter-of-factly tells me that they don't combined discounts, so if I wanted to use the gift certificate I could use it on a full priced bill because if she took gift certificates on discounted food she would lose money.  I tried to explain to her that if someone pays for a gift certificate, you already have the money - the certificate purchase ensures that I have to come here to eat, so there's no money that's being lost, you have it already.
She said she wasn't going to be able to do anything for me, so I told her to go ahead and charge me a full price, which I put on my credit card, disputed with the credit card company and ended up not paying for.  I'd noticed from 2009 through 2011 each interaction with the staff got worse and worse, but I figured when you're dealing with drunk people on Friday and Saturday nights it's a tough crowd.  At 5:30PM on a Tuesday, I expected a little more considerate treatment for a customer who was just raving to the servers about what an unexpected treat the food was.
Needless to say I threw out the remaining gift certificate I had for the place and will not be returning on my own or with anyone else.  Giving it two stars because the food was good and I hope the chef(s) depart and find work elsewhere.My boyfriend and I went there last week for his birthday weekend. They had good Hip Hop/R&B/Reggae music and a lively ambience on a Saturday night! We danced a lot. However, this place is PRICEY. Just to get in the door it's $20 for guys, $10 for females. Two shots plus a beer cost like $40. We stuck to our tall long islands the entire night, they make good ones there. Also, there's not a lot of place to walk, let alone dance, you have to stay in one place the entire time, because it gets so crowded! I loved my experience but they definitely need a bigger spot.While taking a little bar hopping tour before the Sixers game last night we decided to stop in to The Bleu Martini. Having fond memories of previous late night visit, where we indulged in an array of martini tasting. Was fun, nice decor and martini list of around 100. Lat night was a joke, to say the least. We entered with no one at the bar, 2 couples at table and 3 employees in the back. We were immediately greated by the bartender, we ordered our drink, which was acceptable. He then mentioned to another server, after he gave us our drink and menu, that he had to go somewhere and would be back. We never saw him again, The other 2 employess, sitting in the dining area away from the bar. One was putting makeup on, the other on her laptop. We drank our drink and waited, no additional patrons came in, never asked if we wanted another drink or anything to eat. Never even received a check. We left money, estimating what our check would be. Pretty bad considering all the competition. Wouldn't recommend this place at all.I think this is actually a nightly frat party hosted in Olde City.  Your feet even stick to the floor like the real thing!  The women here have their thongs exposed well above their low rise jeans.  The guys vaguely resemble Rico Suave.Update: there was a shooting outside of Bleu Martini early 2011.
I'm just sayin'I've been here twice and in my opinion, the food is extremely overpriced and not quality. Flavors were mediocre at best, not much seasoning. I got cheesecake for dessert before and the middle was still frozen. The lounge itself is beautiful and i really like the decor/setup. But both times i went the food did not meet the expectations i had walking into the place. And the wait staff is an even bigger issue. They are rude and unreliable; there were multiple times when my waitress disappeared and i couldn't find her. Then i realized why they acted like that, their gratuity was automatically included in the check. Only got 1 star for the decor. I will NEVER come back.If you're one to strap on a pair of sexy heels and flit your way down to Old City every weekend like all the other hopefuls shivering in their mini dresses, then Bleu Martini is the place for you. For me, not so much.
The setup of the place was weird, like it was divided into thirds.  The left seemed to be the main bar, but the area was super small. The middle part was where you entered and checked your coats, which then led to the main "dance floor" if you could call it that.  And the right side appeared to be another bar but I didn't go over there much. 
I went here for a birthday party and we started out the night on the left side. It was fun at first because it felt like our own private room but then the usual 11:30 yuppie rush came in and ruined our swag, so we ended up moving to the wannabe dance floor in the middle.  This is where it got hectic.  If I wasn't already wasted, this would have been even more unpleasant.  Not only was there a circle of sleazy men scoping out potential dance partners around the perimeter of the whole room, but I found myself clinging to the edges of other parties' dinner tables to avoid getting sloshed around from the sea of clubbers and poor waitresses balancing trays of drinks.
On the plus side, the decor is beautiful, the music was good, and the sex on the beach I ordered from the bar was super strong, super tall, and had a pineapple wedge in it.  And for $12, I expected nothing less.
If they knocked down the dividing walls, this place would be a great, roomy nightclub. But for now, I'd say it's nothing more than an overpriced lounge that boasts superb bottle service and low lighting.I am glad that I did not have to pay a cover charge. Bleu Martini is  too small; not enough seating. Bartenders are rude.  The DJ was horrible- only playing one genre. Also, the bouncer staff was too aggressive.
We went to the club across the street,  Plough, it was far better with atmosphere and music. If you're from out of town do not waste your time at Bleu Martini.eh, this place is okay.  the scene isn't spectacular.  there really isn't anything special about this place.  the floors are truely disgusting.Not the place to go if you are a group of out of town college students. Apparently this combination makes you a target at bars like the Bleu Martini.  
My son gave his credit card for the table's tab, but the kids paid for their drinks as they arrived. Imagine his surprise when the tab arrived for close to $300!  When they questioned the bill the bouncer invited him into the bathroom for a private conversation... I initially thought that the waitress was the culprit, pocketing the cash as it was paid. But after reading others' reviews, it may have been the other added charges that this place routinely adds on that was the problem. Either way, their beer and bar snacks can't possibly be worth it.My friend and i when in on a Sunday at 4pm to try our Restaurant.com  $25 Gift Certificates ok you pay more for them here but the Food is worth it , drink are high but we had a nice time for something different.  Not into the night scene so we opted for early time.  So if your a 40 something person looking for a nice place to eat and drink before the 20 something come in do a Sunday at 4pm out before 8pm your be ok here ... but remember price.We went here to start off the night for a bachelorette party and I heavily regret it. We ordered bottle service upon arrival and were kindly seated at the VIP area, since it was early enough and not crowded. Although our server, Jackie, was very nice, she was overshadowed by the other servers and "VIP manager," who was essentially a glorified bouncer on a fun-wrecking mission. 
We kept getting reseated by another server for no apparent reason, other than to make room for guests who weren't there yet until 8 of us were squeezed into a space for about 4 (not that there's a lot of room to begin with). Then, once our bachelorette started dancing in our area, the "VIP manager" repeatedly told her that she needed to sit down and that she was blocking other patrons. She started talking to the other patrons to ask if they minded if she danced (and of course, they said no) and then the "VIP manager" came over again and told her to stop interrupting his patrons! I had to explain to him that they were just talking (there was obviously no aggression expressed between any patrons) and also to come to me with any problems, not our guest of honor! After the "VIP manager" approached us a few more times and the other server told us that we weren't ordering enough bottles fast enough (we ordered about 2 in the span of an hour), the general manager came over to ask what the problem was. She was understanding and said she would have a talk with the "VIP manager," but by that point we'd had enough. 
Stay away from this place if you want to dance, have a good time and enjoy quality service. It seems as though this place is only for the friends of those who work there.i used to like it here- food was average but u could grab a half decent drink and hang out- but now it is one of those lounges that is way to crowded that people try to dance at- it is like a refugee camp during a food drop. i have not been here in over a year and from what i understand it has gotten worst, if anything i would start early here and then move else where, but  in its defense there are worst places to be in old city... *cough* mad river *cough*20% gratuity automatically added to your check, $20 minimum on card. Lighting is dim and blue. Very cool atmosphere. Shame that everything is so crazy overpriced. $6 lager, wow. $25 hookah. Wings are not buffalo sauce, some kind of weird mix between buffalo and bbq. Service was pretty substandard for a Monday night, both orders of food came out at different times despite ordering the same thing. Server forgot to put in the order, but claimed that it was on its way, then placed it when "trying to check on it."Liked this place a lot. The food was very good and the staff was also very friendly. Be mindful that the tip for whatever party size is included in the bill. It is written in small print but wasn't realized until the CC statement came in.This is truly the epitome of old city right here. Jersey and suburban D-bags who cram in here every weekend for the same mind numbing routine. "lets see im from the suburbs and to escape the boredom lets go to blue marini in the city so we can be smashed into a small room packed with strangers, not be able to spend 15 bucks for a drink cause we cant even get to the bar and wait in an even longer line to take a piss"......pure genius these people are.....I'm really surprised to see this place have such a low rating. I expected at least a 3...
I've had a pretty okay time the three times I've gone. Yes, I'll admit, it does get extremely crowded and the dancefloor can be impossible when annoying when just won't stop bumping into you on their way to the bathroom. But, if you are willing to brave all that (and it's totally understandable if you can't- since I need at least 3 drinks just to not trip these chicks) then it's a pretty fun spot. Ok, I guess I'll take off a star because of the annoying chicks.
I didn't have to pay cover and I hope you still don't or then I might seriously rethink coming here again. The drinks are reasonable.  The really appealing thing about Bleu Martini is the diversity of the crowd. I really liked that. The music is always good and I'm always sad to leave when the cut the lights on. But I'll admit this isn't my favorite place. I consider it a great place for nostalgia since it's the first lounge I went to when I was actually 21.Overpriced, under poured drinks.Over salted chicken 
wings. Rude, unfriendly servers AND the nerve to
rip people off with a cover charge.
NEVER AGAIN!!!!I went with a friend for Restaurant Week. This was my first visit & I enjoyed it but was not blown away.  Pros: great drinks, very fun atmosphere/decor, & the food was very good.  Cons: our server was very nice but clearly overwhelmed (almost forgot to bring our desserts, delays refilling water, etc) & the restaurant was very loud.  My biggest complaint, though, was the Restaurant Week menu.  While the food was very tasty, the menu was limited & portions were odd - the apps were so huge we each took half of ours home, but the entree sides were very small.  No choice for dessert; they only offered dulce de leche cheesecake (tasty, but not something I'd have picked). Overall, definitely fun for happy hour, but not my pick for dinner.Our friend, my wife & I each had the spicy tuna roll which was very fresh & tasty, the chicken roll was very good. The tempura roll was good as well, could not taste the avocado roll. Pineapple & Island martini's were awesome, this place does not skimp on the quantity of alcohol or the quantity of the beverage, they over flow. My grilled salmon was perfect, mashed potatoes just the right consistency. Chicken wings are very tasty prepared perfect. Spanish fries are spicy with some kick.This is a dinner review for Bleu Martini, just wanted to say that first as many of the other reviews appear to be along the lines of a club/nightlife experience.  We had a $25 restaurant.com gift certificate to use here, so reservations were made for 6:00PM on a Saturday night (we had originally aimed for 7:00 but no reservations were available - this is important later).  We walked in and were taken to a cozy, curved booth right off to the side of the door.  I wasn't really crazy about being right by the door, but let it go.  We got settled in to our booth, which was deceiving, it wasn't very comfy at all or conducive to canoodling with your significant other.  Not to mention our table was extremely wobbly.  We were handed the menus and the specials for the evening - except for the soup, they were out of the butternut squash soup for the night.  Bummer.  
We both ordered two martinis from their extensive list - I ordered a watermelon martini and my date ordered a Red Delicious.  Both were very good, the only bummer was when our wobbly table met my martini glass and it spilled all over the place.  Huge disappointment considering they were $10 each.  Not cheap, the glasses weren't that big and you weren't given a shaker to refill.  
Moving on to the menu.  It's small.  So if you're looking for a ton of options, you are out of luck.  None of the entrees really caught our eye so we decided to get 3 appetizers and save enough room for dessert.  We ordered the shrimp dumplings and spanish fries to start off.  The shrimp dumplings were OK, my date liked them better but that's more of his thing than mine.  The spanish fries were a mixture of regular french fries, sweet potato fries, and sauteed green onions and peppers.  Sounds weird, but it was actually very, very good.  It came with a side of ketchup and this other spicy dip that I wish I knew what it was, it was bangin' with the sweet potato fries!  The perfect mix of savory and sweet.  
We ordered the barbecue chicken quesadilla next and split it.  It came with a small green salad on the plate which was a nice touch.  It had a vinagrette dressing on it, which was very tasty.  The quesadilla was very good... full of chicken and actually quite filling.  We both enjoyed it.
We saved enough room for dessert and ordered the chocolate fondue.  It came with an array of apples, grapes, marshmallows, and creme puffs.  The chocolate was nice and warm, not too sweet and just right.  We finished the whole thing, and I even asked my date if he'd be embarrassed if I licked the bowl.  It was that good!  
During the entire meal, there was an annoying techno dance music playing.  I'm assuming it's the same music they play when it becomes a night club later on?  The place was also dead... at most, there was only 3 tables of people at once, but only one girl working the door and the tables.  Strange.  As another reviewer mentioned, an 18% gratuity automatically added to your bill.  They don't mention it - except on the menu but who remembers that an hour or so later?  And it's not easily identified on the bill.  
Bleu Martini gets the 3-stars mostly for the food and the prettiness of the restaurant overall.  The music, gratuity, overpriced martinis (I mean, really $10?  I know it's Old City but c'mon, they should be at max $8 especially since they don't tell you what vodka is being used, it could be well for all I know.), and limited menu are holding this place back from being much, much more.It's a shame because the drinks and music were great, but the manager was incredibly rude and the staff were not friendly. 
We went for my sister's birthday, they sat us and we made ourselves comfortable with appetizers, drinks, shots, etc. Forty minutes later we were asked to move because the table had been reserved and they did not offer us any other seating or compensated drinks. Our tab was $250 and they treated us like vagrants. 
I asked several servers where the coat check was, none of them looked me in my eyes and told me to ask the DJ... Which was random and who of course didn't know what I should do with our coats. 
They just need to hire a new manager and staff and the place will be good to go.I came here for Old City Social with my coworkers, and I think it was a smart choice for us since apparently the menu is way overpriced and it's only worth it if you have some sort of discount.  However, the bill wasn't correct and the waitress was really rude about it.  Oh, and the decor?  I think they're trying to be Hollywood.  Which only works in Hollywood.  Sorry.Been to Bleu Martini on multiple occasions but this was only the second for happy hour.  Martinis are half off!!! Which means this girl got 3 in an hour :)  They are in smaller glasses than normal but still a good deal.  Appetizers are also half off and happy hour begins at 4pm unlike most of the other places in Olde City which begin at 5pm.  Bartender was great- she was very new but knew exactly how to make the drinks.  Shrimp cocktail was good but only 3 large shrimp so I wouldn't advise getting unless hh pricing.  Guy next to me had calamari- said it was good but not as cripsy as he likes so heads up on that as well.  Overall, good value during happy hour.I'll give this place 3.5 stars. It was pretty cool, and I'm usually tuff being from Brooklyn. It is kinda small in there. It definitely fits a bar category. If it were abigger venue, it would have been way more dope. There were handsome guys/pretty chicks. I didn't see any ratchets and oh gosh was I waiting for them. The bathroom lady was dope. She's from BK too. Ummm drinks weren't badly price especially since this isn't NYC. Oh the dj could've been better. He played the same songs like 5 times 10 minutes a part....that's less than an hr.
I wish they had hookah sighs...
Give it a try!Here's the thing: I've been to Bleu many many times, I've been going there sporadically for years. Sometimes for late lunch, just a happy hour, or for a late night drink and dance on the weekend.  I've never had a problem.......until two weeks ago. 
My boyfriend and I went in on a Friday around 8 for a drink and a quick bite, before it got too crowded.  We sat at the bar and the waitress I found out later was new working there, took our drink order without introducing herself to us, and was not personable.
Once we got our drinks we placed a food order.  She came back to us ten minutes after putting in the food order to ask us if we wanted to either close the tab, or keep it open????? Why would we want to close our tab at 8:30 after one drink, and we hadn't even eaten the food we ordered yet......we said we would not be closing the tab, and she proceeded to tell us to give her a credit card AND  a drivers license......I gave her the most puzzling look, and she then went on to say we can us cash to pay when we close out......and then says right after "you're going to use cash aren't you?".  ( I'm  not even going to touch that statement right now.)
I answered no, and my boyfriend pulled out his Amex and license and we carried on.  This waitress/bartender never tended to our needs while we waited for our food. It was still empty, so I don't understand why he wasn't available to refill our empty glasses!!!  Another bartender saw we were in need of more drinks and she took care of us.
When this waitress bought our food out she slammed each plate on the bar, and I first thought I imagined it until she brought my boyfriends beer over and slammed that as well.  At that point I was done with her. I dropped my dumplings on cue and decided the check was needed. He behavior spoiled my appetite as well as my mood!! I waited for my boyfriend to finish his food, as I left mine on the plate.  the idiot waitress/bartender again never came over to check on us, to see if we needed anything else, or if everything was okay.
Another bartender asked if we were okay, I promptly asked for a shot of Patron....alleviate my pissed off disposition, and the check.....my boyfriend was still eating but at that point I wanted to wrap things up and see the manager.
Once we were ready to go, I made sure I took the bill and signed for my boyfriend.......I left NO TIP!!! Even with the shittiest service I've left a tip....she was 100% undeserving of a tip, on top of the ridiculous 18% gratuity already charged.
The manger walked me out of Bleu as I explained to her that her waitress was horrible, and maybe she was having a bad day, but there is never a good excuse to not be attentive to customers period!!! 
The funny thing was it seemed as if the manger wasn't taking my compliant seriously until valet pulled up the car, and she then interrupted  me mid sentence to compliment us on the Benz then offered me. Come back  inside for her card, so we are compensated the next time we come.
 Promptly said no need because we won't be returning.  
A long as Bleu Martini has been around, I'm surprised they even hire people who don't know how to deal with customers properly....
As big as my city is, this won't be a loss.....I refuse to help a spot make money who don't respect where it's coming fromI went here on one of the first cold Friday night of the year. The streets were deserted but surprisingly there were a good amount of people at this lounge. We asked the bartender for a surprise drink because it was entirely too dark and the font was too small to read the menu. I think we got the Bleu Martini; talk about strong! It was $24 for two drinks which seems pricey for how much drink you actually got. 
On to the atmosphere. The first thing that struck me is the overwhelming smell of greasy food. Once that subsided, we finally got to get into the music. The DJ was playing great music all night which is why this place got the 3 stars, other than that it was mediocre. There was plenty of thirsty guys though which made it awkward at times. I'd probably come again but I would not make this a regular spot. 
P.s. Two different bartenders charged me two different prices for the same drink. I'd be careful with that.Bleu Martini sucks for so many reasons. 1- Who the heck starts out asking for your ID & credit card with your order - not just to examine but to keep during your entire time there. (Sure feel free to go make a copy of my credit card for yourself. While you're at it, you might as well charge a new pair of shoes, too. Go ahead, it's on me. And don't forget to steal my identity and ship that off to Somalia.) 2- Mandatory 18% gratuity for crappy service. 3- Just okay food. 4- Having to go find the waitress running her mouth at the bar to get your check. (This is long after she's asked did you want anything else and came back 10 minutes later and cleared the plates.) And then when you find her and ask for the check, she takes that to mean "don't give me the check so I can see it, just go ahead and swipe the credit card I gave you so you can charge me for whatever you want for this sub-par food and experience."
We'll NEVER go back there again and will tell EVERYONE we know, "Hey there a S-hole on 2nd St called Bleu Martini. Don't go there. Ever."Yikes, restaurant week here was just atrocious. We arrived on a friday night for a 8pm reservation and were seated in the 'vip lounge' while we waited. The place looked busy and we were starving but the 15 minute wait for our table wasnt the worst thing. 
**this is not the place for a beer...at all**
The menu is nothing to wow over; typical bar food and oblivious staff.  
After placing our order it took over an hour for our mediocre appetizers to arrive....cold(calamari, and chicken dumplings).   We were treated with a complimentary glass of champagne for the trouble, which was nice touch. After another 1/2 hour our entree's arrived and we were starving!!
 By that time it was 10:30pm and the 'club' atmosphere was approaching as lil wayne started blasting from the speakers next to us. The Manager insisted on giving us free shots instead of a discount on our check for the 3 hour meal ordeal. 
We wont be back, this is just further validation for other reviews on here.I have been to this place a few times and had an exceptional time. I had such a great time that the last few times I went there two weekends in a row. Although I have had pleasant experiences at this establishment the last time was horrible. When we walked in the waitress seats us.I ask her to move our seat to the place we sat in last time but I found that was VIP so she said we had to sit somewhere else. I was happy that we got free VIP before but the inconsistency was confusing. The waitress sits us at a table we order drinks , hookah and food. Later she comes up to us an says if we don't order anything else she is going to clear our table . I was confused because this has never happened before . This is a lounge people smoke, drink and eat at their own pace. So then we deiced to get more hookah and the waitress says she couldn't do that because the table was reserved. How are you going to sit someone at a reserved table and not tell them. My friends and I did not deserve to get kicked out because they failed to conduct proper costumer service. You should never sit a costumer at a reserved table and not tell them they will have to get up if the people come. Also I spoke to the manager, she was very smug and didn't care about our situation. This was not a representation of good business.Single professionals in the age group of late 20s to late 40s with 1:4 women to men ratio. Expensive drinks, no place to move around. The bouncer asked us not to stand near the passage between bar and dining area as we were blocking the way... but there was no other place to sit/stand. Loud music which does not let you have a conversation nor dance due to lack of dance floor. 
The good thing was the decor. It was chic, sleek and stylish. 
I may go there again just for the heck of it.Went here for a date and thought the atmosphere was super cool until I heard the music. Was sitting at a table for 8 or so minutes, heard two bad songs and then "Baby" by Justin Bieber came on. Honestly can't make this stuff up. Just walked out.This place is cool if you turned 21 last week. It's small... it's narrow and there's too many seats so you have very little room in general. They jack up the price of beer there, l believe it was $9 for a Corona so that way you just buy their $10 martini's. 
They are strict with dress code and by its location, you don't want to get dressed up just for a pit stop when you are bar hopping. Haven't really had their food so l can't put input for that but the 2 stars is for how it is on a Friday and Saturday night.Asked for a whiskey sour and got a well whiskey with sour mix. Charged me $8
For well whiskey and $1 for sour mix. My friend was charged similarly for a vodka
W/ orange. Really?We had a wonderful time at the blue Martini tonight! We came on a Sunday and didn't expect it to be much fun( because it wasn't a Friday or Saturday)  .Albi the bartender clearly proved us wrong !  He was a joy to be around and explained to us the happy hour menu as well as what would be happening later in the day. We were planning on bar hopping but chose to stay the day here instead ! I would recommend this place to anyone in the philly area and to ask for Albi!I am from St. Louis and this reminds me of our local bar, SubZero! 
I was expecting bar food, but my chicken tenders were actually very good! My waiter suggested I try a Peach Martini, which was by far one of the most memorable drinks of my trip! 
Nice, blended crowd and excellent hip-hop DJ! I could tell its normally a hangout for couples or for the fellas, because the men out numbered the woman- well it did that night!We all came here for happy hour after lunch. We all ordered drinks at the bar. I ordered a margarita martini. Honestly, it wasn't that great of a taste at all. The customer service from the bartender was not very friendly. Which there was no excuse because the 6 of us in my group and 2 other people were the only ones in the restaurant. I've had better. But despite all of that the decor is really nice inside of here.I went here with a good friend to celebrate his last night in a blue state before he moved to Texas for grad school, and we had a blast.  Of course, we got here early enough to get a table before the weekend night rush of people, so we didn't have to deal with the pressing crowd like most of the other patrons that night.  I'd say go to this place off-hours because it'll be less jam packed.  They've also got a dress code (no sneaker, etc.), which is no big deal.  However, I expected someplace a little bit more swanky, more true to the martini bar aesthetic than what Bleu Martini delivers.  I think a martini bar should be classy, and the decor at Bleu Martini is a bit, but the riotous crowds (complete with drunken bachelorette partiers and hoochie mommas) makes this place disappointing.  That said, I got the raspberry truffle martini and loved it - raspberry vodka, some other booze, and chocolate syrup drizzled in the glass.  That might be worth going back for, except it was pricey (about $10 a martini) and crowded, so I'm wavering over whether or not I like this place.The new EDM music totally killed the vibe ....no "hip hop".....?? What is that supposed to mean......came here several times and had an awesome time but we are never coming backI loved the club on Saturday night. It was a bit narrow but the DJ was great and crowd had great energy. I will definitely go back. The thing I didn't like was that 18% tip is automatically added to your drink order without anyone telling you. This would have gone unnoticed because I paid cash for my first two drinks. Today, after I viewed my credit card charge, I noticed that the 2 long island iced teas were $12 each with an automatic $4.32 gratuity. Because I was unaware of the automatic gratuity, I unknowingly tipped an additional $2 per order. My friend and I had a great time. I just wanted to caution everyone that the tip is included. $60.64 is a bit pricey for 4 long island iced teas made with well liquor.When someone said that this place is divided into thirds, they were right on. Bleu Martini's design is a little weird, but it works. They make good use of limited space.
The only reason I gave three stars is because the crowd is a little older than I'd like.  I still had fun, though and will return.Should've stayed home. Lol It's Sunday. Price was $10 to enter not bad. Check in line was too slow considering there wasn't much of a line, plus it was cold outside. I used to come here when I was much younger! The music right now has not improved at all. Lol thought it wa going to be up to date but NOT!! Just chilling until closingThis place is fun and awesome. The staff here are very friendly and fun.  They know how to make good drinks!!!!  Food is good too.   I love to smoke a hookah here   They have a good selection of flavors to choose from.  Unlike other places, when my charcoal about to burn out, they will quickly refill before I get to say anything.  Definitely will come back here again.On July 29th, 2017, a friend and I each ordered a Coke & Rum from a bartender from the secondary bar of Bleu Martini. The bartender, a Black man in a seemingly yellow shirt, kept touching my hand during the order, but I brushed it off because he did not verbally mention interest. We were each charged  a total of $9.60 on our individual cards for our purchases. When I asked to close my tab, I was asked if I no longer wanted to see the bartender's face. I did not have a response ready because I did not want to offend.
 Regardless, he took offense. When my friend and I came back to each order a Blue Moon beer, the bartender would not listen to me when I tried to order. Instead, I had to put in the order through my friend. When it was time to pay, he now stated that there was a $20 minimum. We were surprised because this was not mentioned on our previous purchases, but we decided to put it all on one card. When the check came back, it included  $16 for the beers as well as almost $4 for "Automatic Gratuity". Due to the prior situation, I asked another bartender if it was customary to add a tip without allowing the customer to decide and was told "We don't work for free."
In this situation, the bartender did not originally make it known that there is a $20 limit. Due to precedence, he should not have sprung those charges on us. Or he should have originally charged us the correct amount so that there was clarity. So what I am saying is, please tell your bartenders to be consistent so there is no confusion.
The situation that this bartender created was one based on an unrequited interest. Charge the necessary amount from the beginning.Yes, Dorothy, the reviews are accurate. Average drinks for above average prices. Lilliputian sushi rolls (I know, what was I thinking, but we had to try...) for Brobdingdanian prices. It was early enough that there was more staff than customers, and still the bouncer deems it necessary to request we exit via the exit door. Whatever. There's really no good redeeming reason to go here again.The martinis are great and the bartenders, Carmen and Shane, are awesome. The waitstaff on the other hand is another story. I was tackled by two different waitresses and their excuses for their behavior was that they worked there..... I have never been pushed or damned near pushed down at any club in any city, but here. One even pushed me while I was standing at the bar! It's uncalled for and totally rude. the music was good, good crowd but those line backer waitresses need to let out their frustrations before coming to work. Not sure if I'll be returning, not really in to contact sports in my 6 inch stilettos.The place has potential. Went for some good hookah but ended up with a waitress with a bad attitude. Keep a lookout for the head waitress. She is very rude and it seemed as if everyone else followed in her footsteps. There may not be a next time ...Bleu Martini was my first time using Yelp. Bartender John was rude and unhelpful. Purchased my first Yelp deal for this place. Never again. His tone was condescending, telling me he was losing money because he had to go figure out the Yelp deal. He talks on top of you and refuses to listen.OK. So I'm giving this place three stars. I know that sounds ridiculous and before all of my yelp credibility goes flying out the window here is my disclaimer. 
1. You have to go when your drunk. Notice, I did not say buzzed or tipsy or intoxicated.....I'm talking Smashed out of your mind. Why? Because if your drunk enough you might not notice the 18,000 people pushing past you to get to wherever their going, the disgusting floors, or the fact that you are smack dab in the middle of a fire hazard b/c this place always has a hundred people too many in it. 
2. You have to go with a bunch of really good friends who are equally as drunk and will dance with you and help you ignore the fact that the girl to guy ratio is like 1:4 
3. You have to be friendly (or drunk enough to be friendly) and possibly have a hazmat suit in your car b/c it is def gross, sweaty, and humid inside - perfect breeding ground for all sorts of nastyness. 
Having said all that....I had an awesome time the few times that I've been to this place. Mostly, it didn't have much to do with the place, but more to do with the people I was with and the drinking games that were played beforehand. If you ever find yourself drunk of your ass with a bunch of friends you love, check it out. Otherwise, steer clear.Me and a date went here on a saturday night around 9pm. We didn't have a reservation but we were seated quickly. They have quite a selection of martini flavors and we tried a few. They were just ok, nothing special. Maybe it depends on the bartender. Our favorite was the flirtini which is mixed with champagne. I ordered the spicy crab roll but it wasnt spicy. The crab tasted very fresh though. He had buffalo wings, which were decent nothing special. The menu prices are affordable. The restaurant is pretty dark but the decor seemed nice and our booth was really comfy. 
This restaurant turns into a nightclub around 11pm and it was a well dressed crowd but alot of sloppy drunk girls. Decent size crowd and good hip hop/reggae music. They dont have a designated dance floor, so its kinda awkward. Ppl just dance wherever there is space. By the bathroom, bar, atm machine, front door, wherever. You could be eating at a booth and ppl will be twerking right next to your face. Its big enough as a restaurant but as a club there's just no space.  It's one of the few hip hop clubs in philly that plays good music and doesn't charge a $20 cover. My only complaint is that me and my date spent $200 on food and drinks but we couldn't get a free glass of water. The waitress said it's the managers policy that customers have to buy bottled water. -___-First time here,  came during restaurant week. The service seemed kinda slow but was told that the kitchen was backed up due to it being restaurant week. Anyway I had the veggje spring rolls which were very good, sauce just added an extra bang to them! I had the Chilean Sea Bass with Yukon Gold mashed, the portion size for me was perfect, not to much. This is a definite must try dish. All of the drinks are $10 or more. Also if you have room for dessert the cheesecake was real cheesecake, not that fake cheesecake with fruit topping, the fruit was swirled into the cheese cake. Menu prices are comparable to other restaurants in the area.
Anyway the ambience was ok, but not what I expected. After 10pm there is a $10 cover charge to get in, the lights go down, curtains get closed, and music gets turned up LOUD...
I guess they want it to have a club feel. 
Overall the food was worth the wait & I'll definitely visit again.Bleu Martini is a bar / club located on Second in Old City.  The music is a mix of rap / R &B and top 40.  I stopped here for a bite to eat and to catch up with an old friend.  It was difficult to talk as the music was blaring at the max level.  The bar was pretty ded and no one was dancing. First and foremost, we all had to try the martinis.  I had the Espresso Martini and I would definitely get that drink again. It was smooth and you hardly notice the vodka. The food was much better than I was expecting.  We had the calamari, Sweet and Sour Chicken wings and the tuna medallions.  The calamari was cooked just right.  It was simply breaded and the quid was tender.  I really liked the wings- they were fried and coated in some deliciously sweet asian sauce.  I would suggest this bar if you are going to get your groove on.I've always enjoyed the nightlife here, the music and drinks have never disappointed. However this was my very first time actually eating and I must say that I was very pleasantly surprised. I wanted to go safe and try simple "bar" foods so I ordered the coconut breaded shrimp & Spanish fries. Baybeeee, those were some of the best shrimps that I'd ever had. We ended up getting a second order. It's good to know that Bleu Martini is still a great spot for a late night hang out. Now that I know they have good food I have something else to look forward too.Came here after leaving Silk City, great music, drinks are nice and strong. Only thing is it gets superbly crowded to a point where you can't move...but I guess it comes with the territory. Whenever I'm in Philly, I wouldn't mind coming back.I came to Bleu Martini with a group of girlfriends for restaurant week. We had changed our reservation that day from 7 people to 8 people. When we arrived, there were only 7 chairs set up. We looked around and most available chairs had already been taken from an open table. We had to ask multiple times if we could have a chair for the 8th person.
We all ordered martinis which came out relatively quickly and they were awesome (although pricy). Chocolate Raspberry martini was delicious - almost more of a dessert with chocolate syrup in the glass.
The food was not bad. Our first courses came out and they forgot one. We were all done eating by the time we got a hold of our waitress for the missing food (which was chicken fingers). After that, our 2nd course for dinner came out. Yet again, they forgot one. They brought out a bowl of mashed potatoes(?) for my friend as she waited for her food. 
Due to the messed up service, they offered us a bottle of champagne on the house.  They brought it out with a sparkler attached and poured it for us along with cherries to add in.  The disappointing part was that when we finally got our bill, they charged us $100 dollars for it. When we pointed this out to our waitress, her response was "oh, okay let me take that off". She didn't even seem surprised.
My last frustration was the bathroom attendant. She shook her tip bucket in a couple of my friend's faces saying she didn't get one yet.  I would have felt bad if she actually did anything for us but she was just sitting in a chair. She didn't even hand out a paper towel. I just felt that was super inappropriate.So  if you have customer service needs and requirements this is not the place for you. I don't consider myself to be a high maintenance person, but when I ask you where your coat check is and you three people tell me "I think it's behind the DJ booth...then you go to the DJ booth where there is a DJ and some other dude and still i stand for 5 mins with no human contact that's a problem for me.  If you want me to spend my money at least acknowledge me an give me decent or at least half decenct service for something so simple.  Annoyed before the night started.I planned a bday party here and my bff. I made the reservations over the phone it was young lady that helped me. I was NEVER told about the dress code if I was told I wouldn't have shown up with 10 ppl half of who were not dressed properly. The woman t the door was a nasty individual Nd would not give me my deposit back,she rolled her eyes and swore up Nd down I was told when I WAS NOT!!! The guards at the door were ok I understand they were doing their job and was as nice as possible but that woman ehhh rude and no class. I would not want her representing any type of business.We didn't try the food.  We showed up around 11pm on a Wednesday night for a few drinks.  We heard the music outside and decided "Why not".
The drinks were drinks...
The place was really cute and they had the blue light on so that was really cool... Better then the pitch black some dance places have in their establishment.
The music was really good.  There were many people dancing.  Looks like a cool Wednesday night college hang out.Worst spot ever don't waste your time. Black owned business and treat their own like crap. The owner is a bitch and I would never come back hereFrom the moment we walked in the service was horrible. We were greeted and the server left us for 15 minutes before taking our drink orders. Not to mention we were the ONLY table! We had also ordered hookah which ended up taking 35 minutes. I called over (Who I thought was the manager) turned out to be a male server, and he argued with me over the duration of time for the hookah to be delivered. Not only that, when I asked if he was the manager he responded, "why?" I replied because I need to speak with him. 
Once the hookah arrived it was subpar and kept in line with the horrendous service. Don't waste your time or money!!!
And the reason our server seemed to forget we existed was because I saw her on her phone texting. Worst part was the 20% gratuity. I'm sorry but tipping is a privilege and needs to be earned. The service provided at Blue Martini was the worst we ever had in Philadelphia.This place...eh looks like a restaurant thats separated by 1 wall and not much you can do or dance. It's pretty expensive and the music isn't all that great. I believe it has a strict dress code and there's no dancefloor anyway. The bars are plentiful but the interior is just ugly. It can get crowded fast because the high rollers likes to go there, so you can definitely catch some cute guys there. and that's probably the only good side to it...lol. other that than, i'll pass. The music sucks too...lolI've been here multiple times and have enjoyed every experience. They have a ton of space and it never feels too cramped. The bartender at the back bar is always the best. They play old school music mixed with newer songs and it's a great mix. I've never had a bad experience except the prices jump up on the weekends. However, it's a good time compared to other places near it. The hookah is solid as well so definitely order one.Friends and I came in on Christmas for a couple of cocktails. Friend ordered a macallan 12 year. When we got the tab, it was 12 dollars, plus a "4 dollar prep charge" to prep it neat (neat requires no prep, it's literally just the whiskey...). When confronted, I was told that the charge was because it was a double shot. Friend never asked for a doubleshot. No offense, but we don't like being talked down to like we're idiots.I made the mistake of dining here on 1/8/15.  We had a certificate from Restaurants.com and wanted to use it before we forgot about it.  Did eat at this place before during the summer and never had any problems before.  Nevertheless, we arrived about 7:30 pm and the entire place was empty except for the three employees sitting at the bar looking at their phones.  We were seated near the kitchen by our server Hailey.  We ordered the chicken dumplings (which were not bad).  For our entrees I ordered the filet mignon (well done) and my girlfriend ordered the cognac tilapia.  Our food arrived quickly (good thing since we were still the only people there),  however my steak and her tilapia were so bland that we could have changed plates and never noticed that we were eating different proteins.  
When we received the bill we told our server that we had a certificate from Restaurants.com for $50.  We were then told by our server Hailey that to use the certificate our bill would have to be a minimum of $100.  Of course we ordered more drinks to get to that $100 and gave Hailey our certificate information.  She gets my certificate information and then goes to get my final bill.  When she returns she tells me that because we had promotional drinks (Happy Hour) that our certificate will not go through.  We can order more food or more drinks to get to this level.  I explain to her that we neither want any more to eat or drink, and we just want to pay our bill.  By this time it is 8:45.  She goes and talks to another employee (I believe her name is Christine) and returns to tell me that we can either:
 a) Pay the entire bill and they will validate the certificate for use at a future date or
 b) I can order more items to get to the $100 threshold without the promotional drinks.  
At this point I asked to speak to a manager and was introduced to the young lady that Hailey had been discussing our problem with, Christine.  Christine proceeds to tell me the exact same things that Hailey was, telling us that we had only two options.  Finally my girlfriend says "Why don't you remove the promotional drinks off our bill and replace them with regular priced drinks off the menu to match the cost of our drinks so that we can use the certificate"?    When it was said earlier to Hailey she stated it was not anything that could be done, but Christine says okay to trying it.  She now brings us an updated bill that is now more than the original bill by $15.  When I look at the amounts they kept the total number of promotional drinks that we had however they charged us at the regular drink prices.  When I asked about that, Christine tells me that they have to keep the total amount of drinks that we purchased on the bill.  When I asked her "Do you really think that I should pay $15 more for drinks that I didn't have" she tells me that I agreed to this.  Again I ask to speak to the manager and was told that they were running late but should be there soon.  By now it is 9:15.
At this time I tell me girlfriend to drive home in my car since the time at my meter was almost up as I waited for the manager to arrive.  When it was 10:00 I decided that I had spent enough time waiting to come to a resolution about my bill.  At that time Christine approached me to tell me that she had gotten off the phone with the manager and that they would not be there for another hour.  I then told her that "I had been more than reasonable in trying to come up with a solution to this, and after doing the math my bill including gratuity shouldn't be more than $62".  I also told her that if she didn't figure out what she was going to do about my bill in the next 5 minutes I was walking out due to the fact that I spent more time there about my bill then I did with my meal.  Christine then stated that her "Bouncer" would be there shortly and they would see about me leaving. When I told her I was leaving she said "We will see about that, I am sending one of my employees over".  Now the guy that comes over introduces himself as a manager, I noticed her at the bar talking to someone but I did not notice when he came in.  He was not there when I originally arrived at the restaurant.  Unfortunately, I do not remember his name.  He asks me what the problem is and I explain it to him.  He is dumbfounded when he discovers that I had more than just drinks but that I also had entrees.  He stated "Oh, they didn't tell me that you had entrees as well".  In the midst of talking to this guy the bartender comes up to me with a bill for $62 and says "This is the best I can do".
Out of all of the people I dealt with that evening, the only person who seemed to have any sense was the bartender and I never had any interactions with him until he gave me my final bill.  With that being said, Bleu Martini will never get the opportunity again for me to spend my money in their restaurant/lounge/club - whatever type of place it is.Went here to get drinks bcs the first bar was boring. This club man! Was pumped!!! Martini's were good & music was live! I'm going again!I rarely give places one star, but i'd actually avoid the city to avoid this pub.  The bartenders are on their cell phones instead of helping out staff, you have to chese them down for a check, the drinks are rubbish at best.  Forget this place.I went there to try out some of the food, and found that it was all very average.
The wasabi mashed potatoes did not taste at all like wasabi, and were dry.  All of the soy sauce dressings were a little too salty.
The bathrooms could have been cleaner, and my menu was sticky.
The waitress looked like she belonged on one of those "call for sex" phone lines - fake boobs, fake hair, fake nails.  
I was expecting something a little nicer, especially for the prices that they charge.When the best thing on your plate is French fries?  I don't think so.  Place was dead, but it was a Sunday evening.  Still, the sushi wasn't cold, and the three different rolls we ordered tasted the same, not good. Not good that it tasted the same, which ain't good, but they just didn't taste fresh and sweet like good sushi usually does. I've never left sushi on a plate and when I mentioned my Dissatisfaction, nothing was done about it!  No offer to remake, replace, remove from our check, mop, nothing.  Wings were okay, and I simply can't remember our entree, which says a lot, don't you think?  And the martinis? Overpriced and undersized.  With the plethora of really great restaurants in Philly, even just in old city, I'd spend elsewhere.Horrible! This place is a Bar that tries to serve food. Wait a min!!! I mean the food is MsDonalds worthy. The Crab Cakes 22.00...... I've purchased better from the supermarkets. The prices vs quality is a joke! Steak wasn't cooked right, sub-par crab cakes yet the charge a premium price.... Wait..... it gets better.... they add 18% gratuity per order. For a girl to deliver your food in a short dress w distressed stockings? I think not. This place is a joke. Save your Money and time. Not even worth the price of Groupon! The crab cakes for instance..... all filler. Not a lump in there Anywhere! Not one Lump for 22.00? The (what they call) veggies I promise you looks like they wear a steam bag from Wal-Mart. A scoop of mashed potatoes,  most likely boxed. The whole experience was horrible. Wait........ The table rocked the entire night because the floor was off balance or the table was, I couldn't tell.  This establishment is a joke. Just save your money and time.After hearing so much about this "pretty" lounge, I finally had a chance to check it out. 
No cover is always great but not being able to move isn't. Pretty much you either had to order something to sit at a table or be in the way of the snappy waitresses. DJ played some hip-hop, more house and techno. Been there on a Friday and Saturday night and its pretty much the same. 
At least it met its "pretty" standards.I went here for a friends birthday music great server Wasn't the nicest but we managedThis is a cool spot down in Old City. The atmosphere is dark and quiet. The bartenders were generous with their wine pours and the cocktails tasted excellent. The margarita martini was a cool twist on two classic drinks. 
The happy hour is well priced with all food and drinks on their happy hour menu being $5. The happy hour chicken tenders and pizza were standard but they were large portions for happy hour and came out hot. 
Also, my friend cut her hand and was actively bleeding. When we asked for a bandaid they claimed they didn't have one. We decided to go ask someone else and we eventually got one. So that was pretty poor service. 
Lastly, beware they do have hookah here. It's not my thing but doesn't bother me either. If you're a person who doesn't like the smell or smoke maybe pick a different spot.I went for what looked like a good happy hour & left unhappy & disappointed. The service at the bar was quite friendly and the chicken Caesar wrap was tasty in spite of tree fact t-day there was no sign of any tomatoes altho tthe menu had promised it. But my real beef was that there  were no towels or drying machines in the restroom...by design! Seems that is management's unimaginative response to people flushing paper towels down the toilet.  I think they could be a little more creative in solving that problem. Tho the crowd was thin and appeared to be a youngish crowd on a Friday nite. Seems the poplar thing was using  the hookahs. Maybe they don't need to pay attention to their customers. At any rate,  I won't be back.I came to Philly to see the super bowl because husband is an eagles fan and mostly every bar in town was packed except this place, I was so happy to see that we could see it comfortably. The food was great as well, a little overpriced but tasty! We ordered calamari, spicy tuna sushi, buffalo wings, and fries. I would definitely go again!Loved it...A group of my friends and I wanted a fun night out and blue martini was definitely the place to go. I'm from New york so 10 dollar drinks didn't bother me especially because they are not cheap with the alcohol. and Free to get in??? whats not to love. I loved the music selection which was a bit of reggae and hip hop and would definitely go out there againDecent service and a very modern and hip atmosphere, but just a really bad layout so you always feel like you're in someones way.  After a while this gets annoying.  If you want to check it out go earlier in the evening before the big crowds.
On the plus side the bouncers were really friendly and we always got in right away.This is SPECIFICALLY for the Afro-Beat Sunday, which is what I had the most experience with (twice so far). I'll keep it quick.
PROS
1. No cover on Sunday night
2. Big-booty and fine-looking waitresses (and cute bartender guy, as my female cousin said)
3. Strong drinks - I had the Long Island Ice Tea, and was tipsy within 50% of it.
4. Good chicken wings.
5. Fairly diverse mix of people, by age, race, ethnicity, and apparent socioeconomic class.
CONS
1. Music is LOUD. WAY TOO LOUD. Deafening. I think I might need a cochlea implant after this.
2. Just as we were about to dance, the DJ changed from dance-able Afro-beats to garbage hip-hop and Jamaican nonsense. Again, this was AFRO-BEAT SUNDAY!! The DJ was NOT even looking at the crowd nor responding to their interest & body language (or lack thereof). In our last visit, we ended up leaving early because of this.
3. Overpriced drinks. $11 for my 1 drink? I guess they have to make up for the cover charge somehow! $20 minimum for credit card payments, by the way.
4. Needs bigger/designated dance-floor, cuz people were just kinda drifting around.
But hey, if this is your scene, go for it!If u want a taste of the "real" Old City, id hitup Bleu.
Short skirt, stiletto wearing girls dressed to impress
and beefcake dudes looking to score
the ONLY thing that makes this place worth checking out, is the decor...."bleu" lights alllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll around...and we all love blue no?
Bleu was cool when i was 20(errr...huh wha, NO)  and didnt really care to spend $10 on one drink but now that im more older and wiser, i will not step foot in there ever again. I returned here about 6 months ago to find even skankier looking girls trying to mack with trashier looking dudes. Not to mention that these skank girls and uber trashy dudes are more ignorant then ever. EVERYONE who goes there thinks they are somebody and everyone who goes there thinks its the hot spot. Did i mention that they mainly spin hip-hop and top-40 now....yeaaaa that just wont do now will it
save your money and find somewhere else to get crunked, cuz this place is a thing of the past, so is its horrible clientele!!!!