We've been going to Bloomsday since the day it opened and we continue to love it. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are all terrific. The space is lovely and the staff is great - so friendly, no attitude. They do super interesting wines, too.Salmon on pretzel bagel was sooo yummy...so many flavors...so many textures!  Soba noodle dish looked beautiful, but needed something ...so ordered a fried egg, which once mixed in, made the dish more to our liking.  Great smooth coffee!  Wonderful chocolate chip croissant...got the last one, so the table next to us had to settle for something else...we did offer to share!  Bright, cheerful atmosphere with a beautiful living wall.  Friendly, attentive service...but we did have to ask for everything from a coffee stirrer to salt & pepper shakers.This new cafe/restaurant/ wine bar has everything that one could want! From breakfast foods, lunch and soon to be dinner menu, to coffee, wine, beer and a beautiful atmosphere, I am pleasantly surprised by this place. While I have only had the lunch served here (and that was quite good), I will definitely be back to try out more. Also- the workers here were super pleasant, and their pleasant misdemeanors, as well as the beautiful atmosphere, really differs from the surrounding coffee shops.We live nearby and just visited this wonderful cafe this morning.  Yes, they are sill working out some kinks but this place is NICE!  They've really seen to the details of decor and food too.  The pastries were top rate and the cooked food too was delicious.  It's important in a place tied to Joyce to get the breakfast potatoes right, and they did!  Coffee = quite good, and the service was outstanding.  Feels like London but without the crowds.  
Went back for dinner, and have to say that they are, in their first weeks, still figuring this out.  Food was good but even for a "small plates" place, portions on food and drink were just a little parsimonious.  Cheese plate was excellent.  Waitstaff very good and knowledgeable, and while I don't mind being reminded that portions are small, I dread restaurants where I'm told that "we recommend sharing the plates."  It's like dictating culture...I guess we can figure that out for ourselves, once we know the size of the plates.
These are not huge criticisms; this place is very good already and can be great!Was a wonderful experience, amazing food and amazing customer service. The burger and ribs are to die for! Cant wait to be backWe have been long awaiting the opening of this restaurant and are not disappointed!  Yum! We have just had brunch so far, but with a sampling of two of my barometer foods, steak and eggs and a croque monsieur, this place gets 5 Stars for food. Such great flavors and quality ingredients cooked perfectly!  Very strong coffee. The service has not been great. We had to ask for our setups and cream and sugar for our coffee. I was given my coffee with no spoon. No napkins!  The waitstaff were chatting and slacking despite a full house. We had to prompt our waiter to take our orders for drinks and food. I've been a server and barista and the manager needs to get this waitstaff movin a bit more.I love Bloomsday Cafe!  This is my new favorite spot in Society Hill. I was there for brunch and the food was excellent and the staff was very accommodating. There is such a great vibe there and the space is so comfortable and relaxing. I'm looking forward to going back for dinner!!Wonderful new addition to the neighborhood. We had brunch here on Saturday, and came back with the whole family for dinner on Monday night. Delicious and interesting menu, lots of thoughtful and creative dishes, pastries are top notch. We were a group of six at dinner and tried most of the items on the menu and shared, so many delicious things. It's worth noting that we brought kids with us both times and even though the setting is beautiful and sophisticated, we felt like our children were welcome guests.Came for brunch and loved the experience. 
Food was great, service was great. 
Not the best brunch in the city, but delicious nonetheless. 
Want to come back to try dinner. 
Sat next to the door which was drafty and docked off an ambiance point.Super cute place, albeit high end of a coffee shop/cafe.
Interiors are beautiful, definitely instaworthy with the combination of artisan coffee, fresh pastries, marble tables and thoughtful interior touches (lighting, side tables, and chaises). Music is subdued but with a steady beat.
I got the horchata cold brew and a chocolate chip twist which knocked me down $10, but I guess that's the price of living in the city. 
There is WiFi but there's a password, so if you come early it seems like a decently quiet place to get some work done.
Breakfast starts at 8, and I'll definitely be back to try it out. 
They seem to be aiming for 7-7ish with 8-11 breakfast 11-3 lunch, and 5-7 for happy hour. 
Service is nice and they are open to any questions you have. For those with kids, they have high chairs! :)This is definitely going to be my new go to. Unbelievable food and beverage selection, the space itself is absolutely gorgeous and the service is equally as welcoming.I just enjoyed the most amazing breakfast at Bloomsday Cafe 414 s 2nd St. In Phila.  The eggs benedict, almond brioche pastry, chocolate croissant, and Blueberry French toast bread pudding were all beautifully presented and delicious. We enjoyed it so much we brought pastries home to share with family.  Well worth the trip across the bridge! I can't wait to go back.
Donna Kelley MehalchickThis place has a ton of potential.  The atmosphere and wine alone will be bringing me back to this restaurant regularly.  It's got a really cozy, elegant feel and the wall of moss appears almost fluorescent with the lighting which adds a really nice touch.  Amazing natural wine selection with  really knowledgeable staff.  The small bottle shop in the back is a really nice addition, although pricy.  The price is worth it considering this is probably the closest place to center city that has natural wine for retail.  
Wine aside, we only got a few dishes here.  We got the pickled vegetables, olives, beet and squash dish, and burger.  All of the vegetable dishes were really well done, especially the beats and squash which was perfect in terms of flavor and texture.  The burger was solid but nothing special.  
I think this place has potential to become 5 stars once the food reaches the level of the wine and atmosphere, but they're not far off.  I will certainly be back regularly.A Perfect ten (the only perfect ten I have ever given). We sat at the bar and the perfect bloody, food recs and repartee from Dee was well worth it. I came in hankering for the breakfast sandwich, but Dee moved me to what turned out to be the best eggs Benedict ever. The eggs were perfectly cooked so the yokes blanketed the plate at first touch. The Hollandaise was perfection, and the house made English muffins crisp and never soggy. 
And the cold brew after the meal!  I have never tasted its equal. 
Even the bathroom was nice - spotless with a delightful candle burning. All in keeping with the tasteful decor of the restaurant in general.  
This is my new destination spot and I can't wait to try dinner -- and of course await their celebration every June 16!!Stopped at this new place today. Beautiful room, kind, professional staff. GOOD coffee. Looking forward to visiting again. Love the name.Stopped at this new place today. Beautiful room, kind, professional staff. GOOD coffee. Looking forward to visiting again. Love the name.Yes, dinner needs work.  But brunch, the staff, and the space are all so wonderful that I'm willing to wait for that.  It's got all the makings of a Philadelphia institution.  From my experience so far, I even prefer it to the beloved 100th Solmonov spot K'Far.  Sacrilege, I know!Bloomsday puts the "day" in what Blume was trying to be, but better. Beautiful Instagramabble interior atmosphere thats not insanely loud or over the top, gramworthy food that tastes good and isn't too expensive and happy hour drink specials that will have you thinking the prices are as retro as the decor.
The decor trendy but not thirsty. It looks like a westelm catalog but with more plants, (including a a wall of moss waterfall thing!), a cute couch by the bathroom and some other comfy seating areas, and rose gold mettalic things everywhere. My friend actually picked up a side table to see where it was from because he liked it so much.
They are open all day for coffee and at night, there are great happy hour specials ($4 old fashioneds- although these were tiny, even 2 for $8 is a good deal, $5 cocktails, $7 spritzes). The menu is small plates focused with interesting things like an heirloom tomato salad with corn panna cotta and popcorn (wasn't a big fan of this), shishito peppers, coffee miso ribs (came with 3), tomato blueberry ricotta toast (very good!), scallop crudo (good and beautiful), a cheese board (this one came with honey, berry compote, nuts and toast) and spicy carrot hummus (we actually didn't order this but we didn't complain when they accidentally brought it out). Service still has a few kinks to work out (we had to ask for cutlery and they brought out some wrong dishes and still charged us for them), but they were very friendly!
Definitely recommend for happy hour, but would love to see some food specials on the happy hour menu. Would love to come back for brunch/coffee during the day. Great date spot too!Stopped in for brunch and had a pretty good experience here. Beautiful decor, very welcoming and relaxing. Opted for the avocado toast with an added egg, sans sunflower seeds. Presentation was beautiful and the pickled onion really added a nice touch. Portion size was pretty on point, but the only downfall is the dish was a little pricey. Would definitely come back for lunch or dinner!The atmosphere was very cozy and wonderful. The only con was with a slightly undercooked piece of poultry, which the manager totally replaced and even refunded the entire dish...even sending us home with some delish croissants! (It's a coffee cafe too). So a million stars for service and food, thanks Bloomsday! :)Amazing new cafe in Philly! Love the atmosphere and sophistication of this place. Grabbed an iced chai for this hot day and it was so refreshing. The veggie breakfast sandwich was incredible!We had brunch here the other day and it was incredible! The ambiance was relaxed - perfect for brunch. The food and service were on point as well. Before we even finished our food, my girlfriend and I knew we were going to become regulars. The place really is a great addition to an already great neighborhood!A friend recommended this place and me and my girlfriend went there for the first time last week. The breakfast was outstanding , the coffee was great (bottomless), the food was amazing (recommend the Salmon Gravlax & the Croiffle), and the staff (Sophia) was was very helpful and Friendly. Cannot wait to try this place for dinner with a side of wine!The carrot hummus was good. The bar service and disorder at bar was bizarre. About 5 servers up front , waiting for drinks. We were here early at maybe 530. One bartender , and took about 5 mins to get our order in. The tequila spritz was lackluster , no basil as advertised. Not sure the hype here. Will not return.Beautiful cafe that serves beautiful food!
My friend and I were able to get seated on a Friday around 6PM without having to wait. The staff here is so friendly and so helpful too! 
We got drinks and a bunch of food to share!
I got the Born Feral drink - description states a milk punch but it's not milky.. the cocktail is clear and a little brown. It tasted a little tart with a hint of smokiness/bacon? It was surprisingly good and I loved how tart it was
For food we ordered the spicy carrot hummus, scallop crudo, PEI mussels, and the oysters (orleans cocktail)
Spicy Carrot Hummus - the texture isn't as smooth as a regular hummus but it's good and spicy! And you can taste a hint of the carrot (the taste is not too strong). This is served with a side of toasted bread
Scallop Crudo - this is the tastiest scallop crudo I have ever had in my life. Not only is it beautiful to look at, adorned with flowers and peach, and toasted sweet cashew, but it was super creamy and fresh! It kind of melts in your mouth with a creamy texture and pairs really well with the lime aioli and the toasted crushed cashew it comes with . (This was my favorite dish)
PEI mussels - this is my second favorite dish. The mussels are of good size and cooked really well! The sauce that comes with the mussels is excellent, you will want to drench your toasted bread in there. There is a chunk of sausage meat that is in the dish and that is seasoned very well and a perfect texture too. I would definitely recommend this for any mussel
 lover
Orleans Cocktail (oysters) - this is a pretty version of oysters. It's oysters on a bed of salt, garnished with lavender and peaches. It's pretty but the oysters are a little too salty for my taste. Again, it's pretty but if you're going for fresh oysters, I would skip this.
All in all, this is an excellent place for dinner. The inside is beautiful and nicely decorated, and the food is pretty and delicious. I would definitely come back and I 100% would recommend to all my Philly people and visitors!My boyfriend Mr.Margu and I tried out this cafe after an amazing night at Spruce Street Harbor Park, we decided to venture around society hill and stumbled upon Bloomsday! Looked like it opened a month ago. It turns into a wine bar at night, so we snagged the comfiest corner couch in the entire cafe with an outdoor view! And had their rose' and one of their beer selections. Seriously so cozy, so yummy, and the vibe and interior design was URBAIN APPROVED! So many comfy couches and places to sit and be comfortable which is rare for restaurants and cafes. My boyfriend loved it as well, and I was grateful we agreed to randomly check out this new spot because now we are going to always come back together, whether in the morning for some coffee and working sessions, or at night with a glass of wine. Either way we are def gonna snag our favorite couch every time!Stopped in for brunch. Very attentive service and pleasant to talk to staff. I took a star because they didn't have what I ordered and had to change it. I'll probably try it again soon. I recommend getting there early as it gets poppin quick.Great service, lunch, pastries, cocktails. Happy to see it in Headhouse instead of Rittenhouse.Bloomsday is the quintessential Philly spot; French pastries and breakfast fare with Rival Brothers coffee, followed by wine and delicious, healthy food all day. Had a lovely time checking it out and can't wait to go back regularly. The deco and interior is perfectly trendy and creative, giving it a cool, relaxed vibe. It is a must!!Holy smokes their polenta and sausage on the side. So good, it smelled amazing too. It was so savory and flavorful. 10/10 recommend.Great new spot.  Wonderful food, drinks, service and atmosphere.  If you haven't tried it yet, you should.  You'll be very glad you did!Although we live in Miquon (between Chestnut Hill & Lafayette Hill), Bloomsday Cafe is now our go-to restaurant for getting together with family & good friends! Have been to Bloomsday, 8-9 times, so far. Weekday work brunches, weekend coffee & pastries, brunches & dinners, 12-person dinners etc. The pastries are exquisite, coupled with Rival Bros Coffee. Pastry chef is a star (& French)! All small plates & dinners are fresh, inventive & distinctive. Did I mention the cocktails?! Refreshing & creative. Already recommended Bloomsday's back room to our work HR folks for the next Leadership gathering! Planning to take home some bottles of wine on one of our next visits. Too great to miss! @Bloomsday CafeThis great restaurant has become my home away from home. I sit at the bar and the staff is attentive and friendly. It's most welcoming restaurant I've eaten at, as evidenced by the diversity of the customers. The food is beautiful & incredibly tasty and they have a wide selection of natural wines by the glass. Having gone to Bloomsday Cafe about twice a week since it opened, I definitely favorites in both.We live nearby and just visited this wonderful cafe this morning.  Yes, they are sill working out some kinks but this place is NICE!  They've really seen to the details of decor and food too.  The pastries were top rate and the cooked food too was delicious.  It's important in a place tied to Joyce to get the breakfast potatoes right, and they did!  Coffee = quite good, and the service was outstanding.  Feels like London but without the crowds.  Philly at its very best.Updated review for COVID - I went for dinner. It was a cold, rainy November night so my friend and I were the only patrons. They use the head house market for seating, so we were safe from the elements and they have heat lamps. It was comfortable.  
Food was great, as usual. I definitely recommend the Mushroom sandwich.I have been waiting for this place to open since my family loves to dine at head house square. And needless to say this place doesn't disappoint. The food is fantastic. My wife and I have been there separately and we both loved the food. I had lunch and my wife had breakfast. The space is also bright and relaxing. Definitely a place to come back to.BLOOMSDAY Cafe is one of the prettiest cafes you'll see in Philadelphia. Right from the big green door at the entrance, to the visually stunning vertical moss walls, to the elegant bar area, every space in the cafe is exceptionally beautiful. 
Even the coffee mugs are very instagrammable. From locally sourced flavors to pretty designs on your lattes, a lot of care and attention to detail goes into making an individual cup of coffee. The cocktails deserve a special shout out because the cocktail menu is carefully tweaked to complement the meal and the time of day.
You could just stop by to pick up coffee and pastries if you're not in a mood for sit down dining, but be sure to drop in before lunch time because they run out of baked goods pretty fast.I had a great meal at Bloomsday on a recent Friday night. The extensive wine and cocktail lists are expertly paired with complimentary dishes (small plates + entree sized) made with locally sourced ingredients. We sat outside under the cover of the Headhouse shambles and it was perfect. Server was kind, knowledge and made great recommendations. Will be back!Stopped in for coffee in this charming, vibrant cafe - great place to spend time chatting with friends. Will need to come back another time and try the food!Had such a delightful experience outside last weekend. They have reasonably priced draft bubbly, fun warm drinks, and food was incredible! I had the mushroom quiche with a side order of bravas. It was perfect! I really hope this place can survive this pandemic because I want to be a regular !Stopped in for lunch with my daughter on a Saturday afternoon.  Nice atmosphere.  Good beverage selection.  Small-ish but diverse menu to make everyone happy.  Had the Really Friggin Good Mushroom Sandwich which was incredible.I have FINALLY found the best croissants and pastries in the city. 
Shout out to Pastry chef Sofiane- trained in Paris and brought his skills over to Headhouse District. 
Pastries are on the weekend although some random holidays will offer during a day in the week if you follow their Instagram. You can preorder too 
The Philly/Paris Brest is amazzzzeballs with a mix of almond hazelnut caramel sea salt in the middle surrounded by the choux pastry and hazelnut cream and chocolate   I think I listed all  the right ingredients
THE best chocolate hazelnut croissants l, chocolate croissants, regular croissants. 
So drool worthy and I can't keep going back every weekend. Opens at 10am, get there early, right at opening,  or preorder!Adorable! I just absolutely love what I would call tapas and wine bar!!! I had the cavear dip with potato chips. It was rich and creamy. The hummus and carrot dip with crusty bread was my favorite. The dip was topped with cherries, which was a sweet contrast to the dip. Did not have wine this time. Not only was the food excellent, the server was nice, courteous and ambience was beautiful.Clean and cozy atmosphere. Nice add up at area. Had cold brew that was good. Closed 3pm is way too early. I believe it will be extended any soonerSeems like a nice place to sit and work over a cup of coffee or pastry. Not sure about the outlet or wifi situation but wasn't crowded when I went on a weekday morning. 
Seemed like a fancy ish coffee shop that served food items. Worth noting that "breakfast" ends at 11 and there's another menu after that. Only a small handful of items on each. Veggie breakfast sandwich was pretty tasty and surprisingly filling...enjoyed much more than I thought.
However, this place really is a coffee shop that you go up to the counter to order and pay and get your drinks, so although they'll bring your food to your table number, it's really not restaurant esque. Nearly $20 for an iced chai (wouldn't rank that highly) and a veggie sandwich with no sides? Seemed a bit ridiculous...There's no perfect cafe, but Bloomsday comes pretty close.
I love the natural light and beautiful decor. The whole place is so inviting that it makes you want to stay a long while (and I do!). The staff is friendly and the lattes are delicious. There's a nice blend of noise that makes it sound busy enough but also quiet enough that you can have a pleasant conversation.
There's also a mix of people: some working on laptops, some enjoying more leisurely days, some eating lunches etc. And as the cherry on top, at the end of hours working, you can look forward to happy hour at 5pm. Try the Jungle Nerd--it's a sweet but funky/tart cocktail that caps a successful work day.
The non-perfect parts: not very many outlets to plug into, the tables are a bit lower (is this a problem unique to me? I have a tall torso haha), and everything is a bit on the pricey side.
Regardless, you can find me camped out here 3 days a week, happy to have finally found my home cafe. :)Last Saturday was our first time eating brunch at Bloomsday Café, and we loved it. Inside was cozy and cute, and looked so much like a Scandinavian lodge.
Half of the menu was Spanish/Basque focused (i.e. the tinned fish and tapas), while the other half was more New American.
My husband and I shared the Kickstarter Sandwich, Bravas, and the Agromar, Anchovy fillets in olive oil. The menu advertised "fluffy eggs" for the Kickstarter Sandwich, which I have to say, was INDEED fluffy and incredibly filling. Highly recommended for anyone who loves a good breakfast sandwich. The Bravas, or Patatas Bravas were nicely done too. Hot, crispy, and only $5. The Anchovy fillets tasted a little too salty for me, but they came straight out of a can, so nothing the kitchen can really do about it. I would love to try their other tinned fish offerings some time though.
The selection of wines, cocktails and beers was extensive too.
Can't believe it took us so long to find this gem of a place. Bloomsday Café is opened for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.It's a shame we didn't frequent Bloomsday until the pandemic. We had gone a few times in the early stages of their opening, and were in awe of the atmosphere and decor inside, but it's only during these crazy times that Bloomsday finally won us over. 
With the pandemic stripping away the glitz and glamour of the interior, the focus had to shift strictly to service and menu, and for us, they've done a great job. Their staff has been wonderful, outgoing, and always willing to help us pick wines from their unique, carefully-curated wine list that's loaded with natural wines (many from Catalonia, which is fun to see!). It's gotten to the point where we just ask them to choose for us, and Tim has never steered us wrong! Nor has he repeated a wine, with their selection constantly rotating as they're able to procure new options.
The current food menu is pretty limited, but that's hardly a complaint, and everything has been delicious! The fish & chips on Fridays are some of the best we've had, with a really nice, crispy exterior and a perfectly-cooked fish that offers up all the flavor and zero dryness. Their burgers are great, and the 3-ounce "Rich Burger" is a steal at $6 (or $5 at happy hour). You don't see patatas bravas often in Philly, but as people who run around Spain-or did so until recently-trying to eat as many different bravas preps as we can, we can say that Bloomsday is doing a great job with their version! Just the right amount of aioli, with more of a focus on the potatoes and their mild bravas sauce. We've had salads, brunch, pastries, dessert, and coffee (they use Rival Bros.), and everything has been executed wonderfully. At first glance, the limited menu may not seem that impressive, but there are legit crave-worthy items that keep us coming back. This limited menu seems to have allowed their staff to focus on executing well with consistently, which is sort of what we crave in this crazy, inconsistent world right now.
Overall, Bloomsday has become one of our favorite places in the city. The food is delicious, affordable, consistent, and approachable, with just enough twists to keep things a little exciting. The service has been exceptional, as well. The staff are knowledgeable, friendly, and passionate about what they're doing...and it's shows. If you like natural wines, you'd be crazy not to check this spot out. 
As a bonus, the restaurants on the street have been allowed to set up seating under the shambles, so while you can't enjoy the beautiful interior of Bloomsday, there's little drop-off in atmosphere, and you're still under cover on those rainy summer evenings. Honestly, these days, there are few places we'd rather be than sitting outside under the shambles, sipping on some vermouth and snacking on bravas, while talking natural wines with their staff. Thankfully, Bloomsday provides the option to do so, and I only hope that whenever things return to some semblance of normal, that they don't lose the charm that keeps bringing us back! Enjoy!Food and atmosphere were great. 
Service was really slow so don't go if you're in a rush.Perfect place for an outdoor happy hour with a group! There's a lovely area with covered, socially-distanced seating.Wow! What a gem. This cafe was spacious, well lit and nicely decorated. We didn't realize it offered a full bar as well as breakfast/brunch. The brunch menu is much more extensive than what's posted on the board out front. There were options like eggs Benedict, chilaquiles, and croque monsieurs which were not listed outside. This was such a pleasant surprise! I got a breakfast sandwich with egg, sausage, a tangy sauce topping on a beautiful soft bun. My boyfriend got the croque monsieur and he devoured it. We were impressed by the infused cocktails available (a chamomile infused tequila in particular caught our eye) but alas, at 9 am, we permitted ourselves only a single alcoholic beverage. This is someplace we would definitely love to revisit and try more of the menu!We bought sandwiches from the takeout counter. They guy taking our order was initially nice enough, told us hot food would be about 20 mins so we proceeded to order cold sandwiches (which we assumed would take less time). Went up to the counter 20 mins later to politely inquire and were met with the most bizarre, aggressive attitude from him out of nowhere. Among many rude things, he said (apropos of nothing), "Do you see all these people here? The kitchen isn't going to skip over other orders just for your sandwiches"...I mean, obviously?...no one asked them to. Food was a B. Customer service was an F.Tim and the team are doing great things here. Love the decor, especially the cozy window seat by the fireplace. Interesting wine selections by the glass and bottle, and tasty food.What a lovely outdoor setup on a picturesque street. The owner and servers were all very pleasant and helpful with explaining food options. Pretty eclectic menu with a cool selection of wine and cocktails.
Starters: Spicy Crab Dip and Tomato and Corn Panna Cotta. This was my first time having a non-dessert Panna Cotta and this savory version was grit based with fresh tomatoes and popcorn, very bright and summery dish. The Dip was also good and the crusty bread was perfect 
Entrees: Summer Spaghetti, Rich Burger, and Potatas Bravas. The spaghetti is housemade and if you're looking for a lighter dish with a touch of tomato sauce instead of the typical red sauce bolognese Italian version that's a bit heavier (but equally delicious), this is for you. The rich burger was cooked nicely, simple but delicious. The Bravas had a crispy exterior and soft interior, just how they should
Dessert: They were out of the specialty dessert so we tried the half pound chocolate chip cookie. It was a good cookie, but not overly interestingAnother fabulous experience at Bloomsday!  Starting with the ambience, to the service and the food, all exceptional!  Had a wonderful evening!The most underwhelming, yet overpriced, restaurant we've had during our week in Philly. I read that the French onion soup was in the "top 10" best of Philly. Well, I feel for soup eaters across the city if this is a testament to what is offered. This tasted like beef broth thickened with corn starch. The roasted carrots were decent and good flavor, but overpriced. And the spaghetti carbonara... $22 for some dried out, flavorless, poorly executed version of this dish with a few chunks of bacon?!? Also, whoever is on deviled egg duty needs to work on the consistency. The yolk shouldn't be a sauce. The only decent dish was the bravas... but if you mess up fried potatoes, maybe you shouldn't be cooking at all. 
I feel that we overpaid for the food we received. Would not recommend.Excellent food. The tinned fish is pretty expensive but comes with a nice spread. Also had the smoked salmon in house made pretzel roll which was fantastic.Great food and service. We will be going more often. The wine was good and the pour was nice, not scrimpy  like some other places.Great spot for brunch   pastries are expensive (relatively) but oh so good.    Some of the best I have ever had.   Ordered BOQUERONES and they were fantastic.  Not heavy and paired perfectly with my Bloody Mary.  Be forewarned... Bloody Mary is a little SmokeyJust okay. Got the mushroom sandwich and the avocado toast. The mushroom sandwich had huge mushrooms which made it very hard to eat, and was heavy on the bread and cheese and not much else. I would not get that again. And then the avocado toast was good but nothing that great. So it was fine, friendly service but I'm not eager to go back. Lots of other brunch places I'd rather hit first.Luckily when a friend and I came here, it was the first day that they were open for indoor dining. Word must have gotten around, and it was super busy, which was relieving seeing things slowly get back to normal. I think they had underestimated how many people would actually be coming, and the pastries that we were looking forward to were all sold out by 11:30 am or so.
Getting lunch/brunch, we were waiting for around half an hour, when we were first quoted for 10 minutes. I'm trying to be forgiving given the unique circumstances, but there were two tables for two that were unoccupied by anyone. I think they had originally wanted to seat a table of four, but they never showed up, which caused us to wait even longer.
The croissant waffle (croiffle) I had sounded like an interesting idea, but I think the execution is just flawed. The many layers of the croissant don't really work well when you squeeze it down with an iron, and the amount of syrup and whipped cream soaked in and made it almost impossible to cut through. The flavors worked really well and was tasty, but the textures made it unpleasant to eat.
It's a really cute cafe in a nice area with lots to do, and I will definitely be back. I want to be fair and take into account the special circumstances we are in with the pandemic and things gradually opening back up, but these were all taken into consideration for the relatively low rating I gave. I will definitely be back again to try some of the other offerings, but only because I was really left wanting on my first visit.
3.5 starsI'm super sad to leave this review. The food is awesome! The service is horrid! I was a weekly customer until today. Every week my family and I frequent this place for breakfast take out. For the past six pickups I've had to wait an additional 20-30 min past my pickup time in line with others who had yet to order just to request my pickup order. My order has always been ready at the pick up window on time, but I have to wait in a 20-30 min line just to request my waiting and ready order? WOW! I often hear other customers make similar complaints. Customers like myself don't want to be rude to the waiting customers and jump the line to approach the pickup window. Once you do approach the window you have to further wait for them to get drinks ready while they're also juggling live orders coming in. Today as I approached the restaurant, I figure I'd call the restaurant to let them know I had arrived. The manager Timothy Kweeder answered and  gave so much attitude on the phone for me "bothering them". Saying "we're really slammed". Again...Wow..I decided to approach management to tell them of this and to offer a simple suggestion of having the server, who's working the take out window, ask the line in between orders "Is anyone waiting for a pickup order?" I thought this was a modest request. The manager Timothy Kweeder immediately berated me and my suggestion saying "It's a pandemic you need to be patient". If a customer orders online and you give them a pickup time....I think the expectation is that they can pick up at that time without having to wait additionally in line with new orders. Otherwise if you can't meet that expectation then don't offer online ordering. The manager and his server(Patrick?) continued to berate me and caused a scene in front of his customers. He gave the excuse "We're busy can't you see.... it's a pandemic!" and  "This isn't McDonald's....leave, I'll give you a refund not to return...get out of here". Customers like myself are understanding and can wait a few mins. but a 20-30 mins wait in line on top of the online ordering wait time is excessive. It's sad to see a simple request to make the customer experience better, turn into an antagonistic exchange. This was an easy fix! Or at least listen to the concern and say "thank you, we'll consider your suggestion". Your neighborhood returning customers want the best for you even during the pandemic. These people have always been curt and rude during pickups which I let slide because I know they're busy, but to berate a weekly customer and cause a scene.....this man must be on the brink. That's sad. Please tip these people generously because they're stressed! However, THIS family, unfortunately, will  never return to our favorite neighborhood spot.... all due to this manager's irrational behavior! SAD.Bloomsday is a super cute cafe in old city. It has the atmosphere and ambiance to be a great place to get coffee and sit with breakfast or brunch. I came here for the first time late at night to meet with my book club, and it was also a good option. There is a lot of casual seating and they have wine, beer and cocktails, as well as smaller plates. The night we went it was pretty loud and packed because there was a party with many people there. Otherwise, it would probably be a pretty quiet and calm spot!
I ordered the gin cocktail, which was really good! I also ordered the mushroom truffle toast. They have a rotating menu, so it changes regularly, but all the food everyone ordered seemed delicious!It's an addiction. The food is excellent, the pastries are made in house by a French  chef and as insanely perfect as any European bakery we've ever been to! The coffee is great and the service magnifique! We feel like family when Tim the manager greets us and the staff is wonderful and friendly. This is a must if you are looking n Philadelphia. It is actually sentimental to our European life and reminded of all the wonderful experiences and family in BelgiumBeware of sneaky surcharges at Bloomsday.
I called to order food for pickup and was told to order through the website. No prob- 
I followed the prompts, added a 15% tip (felt more than generous just to pick food up) and THEN- after paying, they have a window pops up saying that they automatically add a 20% service charge. What? So in effect, they got a 35% tip.
I felt played by this. I told the hostess (she was lovely, and concerned). I understand that restaurants are suffering, but guess what? I work for a living too. 
Beyond that- the egg/veggie sandwich was painfully oversalted. The potatoes were good. 
I won't be returning.The space is cute and my sandwich was pretty good, but I found the menu scarce and lacking. I paid $22 for a sandwich that came with no sides, and a generic domestic beer. 
It's one of those self-serve places that you have to figure out what to do and where and how to order, which I think most people do not care for. Not a big deal, but just know to expect that. 
I heard an elderly lady ask for a napkin or silverware and an employee said he'd get it, but was sure to let her know he was doing her a favor: "they're in the self-service area, but I'll get it for you". 
After I paid way too much for a sandwich and a beer, the Square reader was flipped over for me to leave my tip and signature and the minimum suggested tip was 22%. Come on. Standard is 20% for full actual table service at a proper restaurant. This person tapped my order of two items onto a tablet then flipped it over expecting me to give a minimum 22%. 
Personally, I won't be back. I'm thrilled to see new places opening in the neighborhood but I'll wait for others rather than revisit Bloomsday.Everything I've had here has been good. Bloomsday is a favorite - we just keep coming back! In particular their veggie dishes are excellent - the salmon over a seasonal salad when they have it is a very tasty entree. Highly recommended!A brunch place with delicious food AND allows for reservations? YES!!!
Definitely ask to see the pastry basket if you have anyone in your part with a sweet tooth - they had such a large selection and we got three different ones to share. The lemon tart was my favorite, but the French cream puff is definitely very aesthetic.
Potato's and egg sandwich were both delicious :)
Would come again and then walk around near old city/south street!I enjoyed a couple coffee meet ups and lunches at Bloomsday in pre-pandemic times, but didn't have my first dinner experience until last week. Their outdoor seating is under the Headhouse Shambles, making Bloomsday one of the few places in Philly where you can sit outside for an enjoyable meal even in drizzly weather. 
The menu is small but there were still multiple things that caught my eye. My husband ordered the heritage farm salad to start so I snagged a few bites and it was really tasty! My beer battered fish sandwich was massive and came with a heaping pile of dill slaw and a fresh side salad. My husband had the spaghetti, shrimp and mussels and our friends had the chicken under a brick and adult happy meal. Everyone was happy with their food and I really liked the draft wine selections as well. 
While I look forward to the day when things are safe enough to dine inside again (if you haven't been, Bloomsday Cafe is probably one of the prettiest restaurants in the city), I'm excited for more meals al fresco in the meantime!Mmmkay. Decided to try this place out after they made the Phillymag foobooz list of the best spots to get fish and chips in the city. I've tried many, and have been disappointed with them all. I had all but given up hope.
Well, the search is over.  Excellent fish and chips.  We brought home a few croissants that were perfect, buttery and crunchy.  We were so happy that we came back for brunch. 
My bf had a Perrotte Rachero (brunch hot dog) which was absolutely delicious.  That hot dog should be packaged and put on a food market shelf.  Delicious.  I love that everything was seasoned and balanced as prepared and presented which is a rarity.  Service is sincere and efficient.  Not so fussy as to be annoying but also attentive.  This is our new fave spot, I'm excited.Beautiful restaurant- my first time visiting I sat at the bar and had a few incredible cocktails. Second time came for brunch and it did not disappoint! It was crowded, so I recommend making a reservation online beforehand. The pumpkin spice latte was the best I've had in the city and the mushroom quiche was so light, the crust was buttery, and it was packed with mushrooms. 
Don't miss the fancy wine store in the back! Wine to go and some cute Bloomsday merch.Super cute brunch place! The inside of the cafe is very bright and well-decorated. I especially love the little plant wall! My friends and I called ahead to see if there was a wait and were told that a table seemed to be getting up soon. When we arrived and the table still occupied, we were offered a table in their event space which was such a kind gesture so we wouldn't have to wait.
The menu is small but well-rounded. I ordered the kickstarter breakfast sandwich which was delicious and super filling. All of the food is beautifully presented (my sandwich a little less so). And although it wasn't marked on the menu, accommodations were made for my vegan friend by substituting the sausage in the cowboy bowl with avocado.If I could give 10 stars I would. Tim, the manager, is so passionate and knowledgeable about his craft--he's a true asset to the business. The passion and the knowledge, not to mention the integrity, surrounding the wines they offer is unmatched by any restaurant or establishment I've ever been to. 
Please do yourself a favor and request Patrick as your server, because he's such a cool dude but also knows an insane amount about wines. Of course we also love the food, Friday's are a favorite for the fish and chips special not to mention their eclectic and thoughtful (and locally sourced!) menu is always changing so always exciting. The vibe is unmatched, the chill feeling you get sitting under the shambles or in the restaurant always put you in a good state of mind. We've been to SO MANY restaurants in Philly over the last 15 years, but we always come back to Bloomsday for the service, the food, and the wine. 
Also, if you love wine, they have something called the Fancy Wine Club where they curate wines for you each month for a set (reasonable/cheap) price. Highly recommend Bloomsday! Plus the pastries at brunch are on another level and when they have the Kyoto cold brew coffee def take advantage. Don't hesitate! Just go!Fantastic brunch!  Delicious pastry basket, luxurious avocado toast, perfectly balanced smoked salmon pretzel bagel, punchy vegan bean bowl, and great coffee. Cozy yet sleek dining area,  little spirit shop in the back and a funky instagrammable coffee counter in between.Went here while looking for my morning hot chocolate. It was actually pretty good especially because they make it with dark chocolate so wasn't too sweet. I got the butter croissant but just wish it was warmed up before serving. Boyfriend got a mocha and a hazelnut stuffed croissant which he liked as well but would've preferred his croissant slightly warmer as well. Servers are nice and friendly. +1 for the barista who made a cool latte art on our drinks. 
The ambiance is pretty cool and the place was packed considering it was 20 degrees outside!We have been long awaiting the opening of this restaurant and are not disappointed!  Yum! We have just had brunch so far, but with a sampling of two of my barometer foods, steak and eggs and a croque monsieur, this place gets 5 Stars for sure. Such great flavors and quality ingredients cooked perfectly!  Great service and strong coffee.How have I not given this place the 5 stars that it deserves yet!? I feel like I have failed as a Yelper by not reviewing this place earlier. 
Talk about great... everything about it is top notch. The people and service, the natural wine selection, the love of Spanish things (bravas, ve, gildas, boquerones, Spanish wines), the food, and the ambiance. Even in the midst of a pandemic. It has become our escape that makes us feel normal in a crazy time - but at the same time we feel extremely safe (well distanced, masks worcleanliness is clearly being maintained).  It's crazy that it took us until the current situation for it to become a staple in our routine (love that we can buy amazing wines by the bottle that can be hard to get in PA - damn you PLCB). But we also live much closer now since we bought our condo, so that has a little more to do with it. 
Whatever you are doing Bloomsday, keep doing it! You can count on us coming back for years to come!Wow! The space is absolutely beautiful! What a nice addition to the neighborhood and very much needed!
Atmosphere is very relaxing with a nice vibe. Food is great! We've been twice, ordered a few different "toasts". The stand outs- blueberry/tomato and their take on a monte cristo.
Looking forward to going back real soon!!