This place is great, and hey guess what?! I'm a vegetarian; not that I want a freaking congratulations, but just to let you know it's a fine choice for satisfying your meat-eating partner's appetite and your dietary restrictions too. I ordered the falafel sandwich (which comes with awesome fries) and a side order of the mac and cheese (only $4!). My partner ordered a smoked meatloaf sandwich, which was considered damn near perfect.  Our waitress was really friendly and on top of it!Korean Beef Sammy was slamming.  Fries cooked and seasoned to perfection.  My first visit, anxiously looking forward to my next.I like Blue Belly BBQ.  It's in a great neighborhood, it looks fine (inside & outside), the staff are friendly.  Ok, now for the food.  I think it's really good but a bit on the pricey side. The Korean Beef Sandwich was fine (although to be honest I expected a little more Kim Chee flavor) but  $13 is a little steep for the size of it.  Yes, you do get sides - a small ordinary cole slaw and some french fries that were tasty enough but you have no option to get the sandwhich at a lower price without the sides.  And when you add in something to drink, you have a fairly pricey take-out.  But at least the food is good!  
p.s.  I also like their Mexican Lamb-type sandwich.Good sandwiches, tasty sides, nice presentation, and it's all made to order.  No one is spooning sloppy Joes out of a warming tray and passing it off as bar-b-q, this is the real deal.
I had the Korean style beef sandwich, and it was delicious.  The little corn-fritter do-dads are terrific too, and are served with just a dab of bacon aoli.
The place is not much for ambiance, but hey, what do I know, I was born in a barn.  Besides, I would be wary of a BBQ joint with fancy tablecloths and flowers on the table.
I'll be going back again to try something different. Maybe the jerked chicken sandwich.
They're cash only, because the banks are the devil, and every time you split a check between 5 credit cards, you make baby me cry.Just had lunch here.  I got the pulled pork sandwich with pickled fennel, pork rinds, and mustard.  Came with red cabbage slaw, fries, and pickles.  Wow.  Very, very good.  The pork was juicy and smoky, and the vinegar-y-ness of the fennel was the perfect complement.  Also, the fries were really tasty -- not just the thing that sits next to the sandwich.  
The interior is small but cozy, including counter seating.  The kitchen is open -- so the restaurant smells amazing, but you will probably leave smelling like the restaurant.  Small price to pay for such tasty food.  I'm from the South, and I can say that my sandwich was as good or better than anything I've had there.  I'll definitely be back soon to try more.A great neighborhood addition.  I picked up takeout and was able to watch the Chef (Gene Giuffi, proprietor of the French BYO Cochon) working out on the stove like a boxer on a heavy bag.  After devouring short ribs and a lamb sandwich, tasty sides including baked beans, charred brussels sprouts, and corn cakes, I was left with a sense that I had eaten a damn good meal, simply put.  
Meat is prepared and served with smoky, terse, and effective seasoning - you get the sense that the chef is working within his medium the way Hemingway approached writing - understated, masculine, and with plenty of salt, heat, and acidity.
On a peculiar note, I appreciated that take out is served in aluminum instead of careless, sloppy plastic.
I will definitely go back.Meat lover's heaven! I had the Lamb Barbacoa today with a side of perfectly charred brussel sprouts (complete with big chunks of smokey delicious bacon) and it is probably the best BBQ I've ever had in my life. I can't wait to try everything else on the menu (the Korean Beef and Pulled Pork both look amazing). I'm interested in trying Cochon across the street now as well, because this guy knows meat.Craving BBQ one night, I hopped on Dining In and saw that they offered delivery from Blue Belly BBQ, located in South Philly. I've often lamented the fact that Center City lacks decent southern BBQ, with Fette Sau holding its own beyond the north borders and Blue Belly BBQ down south. So disregarding last year's Twitter drama over a bad Yelp review (especially because Chef Gene Giuffi has since apologized), I was excited to finally get a taste of Blue Belly BBQ for myself.
Painted Hills Beef Brisket ($15)
Mac n Cheese, Corn Cakes, Red Cole Slaw
At first, the glutton in me was a bit disappointed in the quantity of brisket in the platter. But considering that quality trumps quantity and in fact, the platter was filling in its own right, I stand corrected. Chef Giuffi of Cohon BYOB fame smokes his meats for up to 12 hours, and on the brisket, the smoke ring clearly shows. The brisket is tender, toothsome, and juicy, with a salty bark. Nice. Would totally love to eat the burnt ends off of these.
Berkshire Pork Shoulder ($15)
Brussels Sprouts, Mac n Cheese, Fingerling Potato Salad
The oft-lauded Berkshire was up to caliber here. The marbling of the pork was on point - the pork was perfectly cooked, moist, and succulent. There was a hint of smokiness which I enjoyed.
But for me, when considering good BBQ, the sides are almost as important as the meats. Luckily, the platters came with the choice of three sides each!
Fingerling Potato Salad
The potato salad was a nice iteration - creamy, eggy potatoes with hints of chives and onions.
Brussels Sprouts
Brussels sprouts can't get much better than this - a perfect char on the greens, with sauteed red peppers and onions. The crisp nuggets of extremely thick-cut bacon added heft to this side. I could eat these as a main. 
Corn Cakes
The thick corn cakes had whole kernels of corn interspersed throughout. A product of delivery, these were slightly soggy, but still hefty and delicious. The accompanying white sauce added a tart, bright element to this side.  
Red Cole Slaw
The vinegary red slaw provided an appreciated countervailing balance to the heft of the meats. 
Mac n Cheese
Every decent BBQ joint has great mac n cheese and Blue Belly BBQ didn't disappoint. The perfectly al dente macaroni noodles were coated with an extremely creamy cheese sauce - a mix of cheddar and American perhaps. 
I'm happy to say that Philly can hold its own in the BBQ arena, thanks in part to Blue Belly BBQ. I wish there were more options in the heart of Center City, but it's nice to know that there are reasons to venture beyond outside those borders. But perhaps it's a good thing. Because the belly of this pig would definitely be a lot bigger.Blue Belly's ribs are what ribs should be: tender and meaty. At first I was confused by the pinkish color since they didn't seem the least bit undercooked, but then Google told me that ribs turn pink when they are properly smoked. The more you know! Try them with the various sauces all you want, but I will take mine straight up because they are that good.
On my last visit I opted to try the chicken. It's a half (small sized, and apparently from Lancaster) chicken, and the breast is boneless. Not a dry bite anywhere, and a little bit of the sweet BBQ sauce was the perfect complement.
For sides, I stick with my three choices. The mac and cheese does not make me weak in the knees but it's pretty damn good. The collards are a solid choice; they're not fancy or overly salty. Corn cakes? YES PLEASE. 
I have not yet tried any of the sandwiches but that's next. 
Eat-in service is just fine but I do wish the place had a little more ambiance. There's no place to hang a coat. The bathroom is...interesting. But this is clearly more of a take-out joint so I can always just take this delicious food home with me.
Cash only, and they are open past 7 on the weekends now.The wonderful aroma of this place drew me in! It was the best bbq I have ever had in Philly and the best I've had anywhere in years!
The brussel spouts were amazing!!! And the rest of the sides were great too!
We didn't have trouble getting a table but there are only 3 inside!
They don't have dessert but I wish they would because it would be just as awesome as everything else is!The pork wasn't up to par as other BBQ places in Philly IMO. However, it did the job as I was passing through with a big appetite.Update: 
I returned to Blue Belly BBQ on Aug 18 and had the Korean BBQ sandwich.  It was excellent.  My wife joined, had the pulled pork, and said of the place while we were there "this might be my new go-to spot for lunch."  
I'm kind of an asshole of a diner, so we actually showed up 5 minutes before 7pm (closing time) and they still served us, politely, even though they were in the process of shutting down. My experience from working a small sandwich shop several years ago reminds me that I didn't really appreciate diners who did that and expected our best.
Apparently since then there's been some twitter war about a frustrated proprietor haphazardly making some inappropriate comments towards a yelp reviewer who doesn't realize that bad yelp review early in a restaurant's stage could steer the cattle-herds away from a place before they would even try it.  I generally only review places in my neighborhood that are new and are good enough per my standards that I think they could use a bump and maybe get some more people out there.  If a place isn't good, I'll give it a couple more chances before I just let the free market take care of that place.
Final disclosure: if you look at a lot of reviews of this place right after 8/20/12, you'll notice a lot of them are 1-star from pissed off people who have only logged one yelp review and probably haven't even tried the place.Blue Belly BBQ been open just a couple of weeks and I'm a regular.  Some of the best and most innovative barbecue in Philadelphia.  I especially recommend the pork shoulder, the short ribs and the sausages, but all is good.  I could make a meal out of their bacon and onion corn cakes.  Friendly folks, great barbecue. And they shouldn't worry about the twits who pile on, in spite, without having eaten at Blue Belly BBQ .Ridiculously expensive for a sandwich, however,  ridiculously good. One of the few times in recent memory the lady and I took a bite, stopped, looked at each other, mouthing ZOMG at each other.  The Pork Belly sandwich (the special that day) was the culprit.  Altogether its simple, and some will bristle at paying that sum for a barbecue sandwich, but its all in the execution. 
The korean beef sandwich was also excellent.  Legit kimchi (store bought unfortunately, but a good one, not thin and watery like the others).
I can imagine some would say "its just pork and greens, why is it so expensive?"
But how much effort and precision it felt like they put that in that sandwich made it all worth it.  I'd compare it to Paesano's, sandwich shop put together as a small aside to the main BYO (Modo Mio-Paesano's vs Cochon-BlueBelly). But where Paesano's went gluttonous fatty goodness, Cochon went gluttonous flavor complexity.
Looking to go back.  Like right now.The food is excellent!  The place is small and BYOB.  Very casual.  Portions are just right - you may not have left overs, which is just fine based on pricing.  I would defintiely recommend to friends and family.  The meat is not "falling off the bone" but I understant this isn't their vision.  It is; however, flavorful and delicious. Enjoy!After being out of the country for four months, my boyfriend and I were in Philadelphia for a day and craving some good American BBQ. I'd been to the amazing Cochon many times when I lived in Philadelphia and when I heard that Cochon's chef and owner just opened up a BBQ place my mouth started watering. Why? Because if you like meat, Chef Gene Giuffi should be the one cooking it.
My boyfriend had the jerk chicken sandwich and devoured every bit of it. I had the special that day: two Frankfurters in a long roll smothered in pulled pork chili, shredded cheese and scallions. So good. Seriously. I was angry that I became full before I could eat the whole thing. Worth noting: the fries were fantastic. Big, crisp, and with a hint of seasoning. 
The service was attentive and friendly, and it was so cool to sit at the counter and watch the master chef at work.
To sum up: This is comfort food heaven for the  discerning palate. The portions are huge, the food is smoky, savory perfection, and the menu has so much I still need to go back and eat. I'll have to make another trip soon.Blue Belly is a great little restaurant in the neighborhood and I'm happy to know it exists. I have to say that I have had numerous experiences eating Chef Gene Giuffi's BBQ. It always hits the spot. Well seasoned, cooked to perfection, melts in your mouth. 
The meat is always so tender, falling off the bone, or being able to cut with a fork and no knife! Whether it's sausage, ribs, or sandwich, I can always count on it being delicious. (Favorite side = the beans!)
If you want simple good cooking go to Blue Belly. If you want to be annoying and complain about what they don't do or don't have or won't change, don't go. It's that simple. It's good food people!Went here with a group of four and EVERYONE left happy =)  Two of our group ordered a meat which came with THREE sides, and the other two of us ordered just sides.
The loaded tater tots are almost a spiritual experience, though not for the weak of lactose tolerance.
Mac and cheese was super creamy, brussel sprouts were crunchy and fresh.
This place is BYOB but they also sell ginger beer.  Get here early because there are very few places to sit.  We were lucky and arrived before the crowd.  The only reason I'm not rating this place 5 stars is because it was really cold inside despite the seats being basically in the kitchen.This place is AMAZING!  We went the night before T-day and had the ribs with 3 sides  and the falafel for my veggie partner.  The ribs were smoked to perfection.  Jaysus, but they were good with the mustard sauce, the hot sauce and the vinegar sauce, but my favorite was to smear of bit of all three on each morsel which I could do easily on my cool paper-lined tray.  
The. Sides. Will. Rock. Your. World.  We had mac-and-cheese which is made from scratch to order and was so sweet, tangy and delicious we ate too much.  The brussel sprouts are deliciously seared on one side with yummy bits of fried onion and pepper (I think).  Again, ate too many of these.  The corn fritters are light and aromatic, totally delectable--since there were only two we didn't eat too much of these but easily could have if we had gotten 2 orders.
We sat at the counter and chatted with the staff who were super friendly.  Highly recommend this vantage point.
I am SO surprise and frankly dubious about the scattered negative reviews below--did you actually go to the same place, you know, at 6th and Catherine?  Doubt it, because sweet mother of dry rub, our meal was awesome start to finish.  
This spot has earned a place on our coveted rotation list--an actuarial necessity now since Philly has too many great places to eat.Came to this amazing sandwich shop a while back and am just now getting around to writing my review.  Let me say, YUMMY!!  The quality of this food is spectacular and the presentation is just as good. 
My friend and I split two sandwiches.  
I had the Slow Roasted Pig.  Definitely a name fit for me since, much like Anthony Bourdain, I think that the Pig is a noble animal.  Let me also say, as a Jew, I think my people got this one wrong.  If God didn't want us to eat pig, why did he make it taste so damn good?  Anyway, I digress.  The sandwich was delectable and juicy as all pork should be.  The mustard sauce was just the thing to cut through the fatty richness of this perfectly cooked pork delicacy.  Well worth the chunk of change I shelled out for this scrumptious nibble.
My friend ordered the Korean Beef sammy with that great, not-too-spicy Kimchi.  The beef was delicious.  With juices flowing, this Asian inspired snack hit the spot.  Just enough kick  to let you know that the sweet spice of the kimchi was there, with the sweet vinaigrette balancing it out nicely.  I never thought that I would like the combo of pear and ginger so much!  Served on such a perfect Kaiser roll, this sandwich is going on the "must revisit" list.  
Did I mention how absolutely splendid the red cabbage slaw was?  HOLY COW!  I could eat this stuff for breakfast, lunch, and dinner if they'd allow me.  I really can't express how perfect of a side dish this stuff is. 
Both sandwiches were served with fries which were great in their own accord, but really, how can you worry about fries when you have such delicious sandwiches?
I don't know what everyone is talking about, because the owners of this place were super friendly.  They gave us free tastes of the pork shoulder, braised greens, and mac 'n' cheese.  WOW!  Had I tasted these before getting our sandwiches, I might have just stuck with them.   The pork shoulder was perfectly tender, filled with flavor, and just the right amount of smoke.  The greens were some of the best I've ever had with just the right amount of kick.  Reminded me of all the greens I had in the South that were home-cooked.  Just awesome.
Now, the mac 'n' cheese...this was special.  With a combination of Swiss and white cheddar cheeses and the perfect amount of fresh cracked black pepper, this was a truly decadent treat.     Glad the owners gave me something to target for next time I'm up that way.  Special thanks to the owners for making this meal both special, and WAAAAAY above our expectations.  Worth EVERY penny. 
Gotta be honest though, the place isn't huge and only takes cash, so if you're going to come with friends, make sure they're your closest otherwise it could get a little tight in here. 
Can't wait until I'm back up this way so I can pull up a stool and stuff my face for hours!I read on foobooz that this was opening today so I grabbed some friends and walked the few blocks to the restaurant. The space is small, with only three tables and five stools at a bar but the small space makes it feel familiar and inviting. The wall decor is framed prints showing the different cuts of meats on different animals. I love the pig one and want to steal it. 
The menu is small but hearty. I ordered the sausage trio with sides of macaroni and cheese, sautéed greens, and baked beans. The sausages came out and there were essentially two links, two half links (one house made sweet and one house made hot) and one full link of their bacon cheese sausage. They were all amazing and I'd eat a hundred links of any of them. The sides were just so-so, unfortunately. The Mac and cheese was good, but nothing spectacular. The baked beans were really good, with white beans and pulled pork they were my favorite of the three. My last appetizer was the greens, which had a pleasant texture and a mild garlicky flavor. I had originally wanted the corn cakes as a side but they were out by the time we got there. 
The restaurant filled up while we sat but I didn't feel rushed at all, which was nice. My friend used the bathroom and said the space was ridiculously small. All in all, decent food and a cute space. Check it out if you're in the area.The hubby and I stopped in for lunch and I was really glad we did. I chose the pork belly sandwich special, which included greens, cheddar cheese, and a fried egg on the sandwich, perfectly seasoned fries, and red slaw with very little mayo (just the way I like it).
The hubby got the lamb barbacoa sandwich and was equally pleased. I'm glad we gave this place a second chance, so I highly recommend you get a sandwich next time you're around. Too bad they close at 7 PM!This place served up a nice plate to go. I ordered the short ribs with three sides: bacon onion corn cakes, baked beans, and brussels sprouts. 
First, the short ribs. The char was delicious and tasty. Well seasoned. The rest of the meat was just meh. Kinda dry and in definite need of being marinated first or some kind of au jus. Au jus, mind you, NOT the Old Bay mayo. 
The corn cakes were just meh as well. Maybe I'm too used to sweeter corn muffins (I'm from the South), but they were also dry in a not-good way. 
Now, the baked bean. By far my favorite part of the whole meal. Me thinks there was some brisket in there and that they must come with beans cause I didn't order that. OMG- this was so good. I wish I had a whole plate of just this. 
And the brussels sprouts, too. They were good. Nothing to write home about, but still, two out of four ain't bad!
I'm definitely going back though because this was just one experience and their menu is too impressive not to keep trying 'till it's all been tried! I'll update my review when it happens :)Hmm.. don't know where all these HATERS are coming from but my experience at Blue Belly BBQ was great!  This place is MUCH better than Percy Street BBQ and the menu is creative and original.  I mean c'mon people, we don't live in the south. We live in an urban city so please stop trying to compare this place to "traditional bbq."  The lamb barbacao sandwich was one of the best things I've ever eaten... soo delicious! Especially with a little extra sweet bbq sauce:)  I didn't really care for the fries or the "coleslaw" but really, the sandwich is the start of the show here.  I am interested in trying the Korean sandwich also.. I'm Korean so I wonder what kind of flavors they use and what cut of meat.. The brussel sprouts are amazing and the potato salad is also really yummy!  I wish we could substitute fries for a side.. Lunch for two included two sandwiches and two sides, and with tip, I spent over $45 so it's not a cheap place AND it's cash only, which is very annoying.  But, I can put that aside because the lamb barbacao is just that good.  I will definitely be back!Went again.  Still fantastic.  I got takeout this time, and had the pork shoulder.  It was unbelievably tender and moist with a crispy crust on the outside.  And the sides -- braised greens, mac & cheese, and red cabbage coleslaw -- held their own.  I could have easily eaten a whole plate of just the sides.  It needs to be said that this place is so, so much better than Percy St., where the meat is dry, and the sides range from tolerable to unpalatable. If you're thinking of going there, walk the few extra blocks to Blue Belly, instead.  
I'm exercising a lot of self-control not to eat here multiple times a week.On a snowy December evening, I went to Blue Belly with 7 other guys, a case of beer and a handle of Jack and had one of the most memorable meals as of late.  We ordered one of each platter and a handful of different sides and were incredibly satisfied at the end.  It is a pretty intimate setting (only three tables and a counter) so expect to get to know both the chef and other patrons.I gave blue belly a fairly scathing review when they first opened... I'm writing today to recant that review... most of the issues I had early on have been resolved... they are open later,  the dishes are more ample & edible,  they've added some dishes that are real winners!  Desserts would be nice,  & cash only is too restrictive in this day & age... that said,  their loaded tots are phenomenal,  & including 3 sides with platters means even gluttons get enough. They've won me over!The pork shoulder and sausage trio platters were excellent.  I really liked the braised greens and brussel sprouts.  My friends also really liked their Korean beef sandwich and fried oyster poboys.
The service was good and they accommodated our late dining group when they really didn't have to.  We'll have to return for their spare ribs which they were out of!My first time here, referred by a friend. Food was spicy (no hot) and delicious. 
I had the pork shoulder platter with the 3 sides. My sides were braised greens, mac and cheese, and corn cakes. I was very impressed with all the food. The meat was tender, greens cooked properly, Mac and cheese peppery and delicious, and the corn cakes were fresh and delicious. 
My only complaint is the drink selection. I love the Reed's ginger beer, other than that, the soda selection is poor and the lack of juices/teas is upsetting. 
I would recommend to a friend.Had the crabcake sandwich and it was delish as well. This place just keeps getting better. Also, they extended their hours till 9 pm- thank God!We live around the corner and have dined there 4 or 5 times at this point.
It's become our go to low key lunch spot when we have friends in town. The service is always solid. The place is always clean. The prices are reasonable. And the food, well, after eating there, I roam Bella Vista like zombie, grinning from ear to ear and mumbling nonsensically mumbling about the lamb barbacoa sandwich and corn cakes. So so good.  I did subtract 1 star for their hours (limited) and cash only status.Stopped at Blue Belly BBQ for dinner with a craving for some pig.  I've always been a huge fan of Cochon and figured the new place would uphold to the same standards in terms of the quality of the food.  Didn't disappoint.  Tried the pork shoulder platter with sides of mac & cheese, potato salad, and corn cakes.  
The pork was excellent.  I sat at the counter, and at one point, I was asked by the staff which sauce was my favorite.  While the sauces I tried were good, I was pretty indifferent since the pork was cooked so well that it hardly needed anything to complement it.  While fairly simple, the mac and cheese was a good accompaniment to the meal.  The potato salad was second to none -- great set of herbs & spices in it.
It's a very unpretentious place which is why I think I'm such a fan.  I think somebody complained the trays were too big for the platters, which I didn't really agree with.  Staff was friendly.
I would (and have) highly recommend this place as an excellent value for dinner in the qv/bv area.Friday night, and we decided that it would be a perfect evening for takeout BBQ.  My husband was working out at his gym in NOLibs, so decided he'd pick something up from one of our favorites, Fette Sau.  Fortunately for us, Fette Sau didn't open until 5:00 PM and we wanted to head out of the city before traffic got too cray.  Chris turned to yelp and found solid reviews for Blue Belly, so after picking me up from work we headed in the opposite direction to SoPhilly. 
The owner / master BBQ guy was super friendly and chatted it up w/ us as he finished up our platters... We ordered the St. Louis style ribs, short ribs & pork shoulders and basically tried every side except for the fries.  DELISH!  The BBQ sauce was also really yummy - although the owner made me PROMISE that I would actually try the meat first before submerging it in the sauce... He probably took one look at me and could tell that I'm all about the BBQ sauce!
The meal came at a great price and we will certainly be back soon!  Also - I'm looking forward to trying the smoked  liverwurst sandwich special as well as the fried oysters next go 'round...I'm so glad that we stumbled upon this place today while running errands in the neighborhood! Otherwise I might have missed out on a real game changer - the crispy meatloaf sandwich special. Simply incredible. When ordering I asked the chef: "If you had to choose between the meatloaf and -" and that's as far as I got, because his answer was definitive. "The meatloaf," he said. There was no debating it. Thank God I listened to him!
My fiancee had the Korean Beef sandwich, which was also excellent. We then indulged in two sides - sadly the mac'n'cheese was out, but we did have some of the best braised greens I've ever tasted. When we marveled at how wonderful they were, the chef beamed, and let us know they were his mother's recipe.
We washed it all down with Jamaican style ginger beer. It was a fantastic experience, and we WILL be coming back.
Just FYI it is cash only and as I discovered, the nearest ATM is not near at all. Gave me time to work off the meatloaf!To Whom It May Concern,
Because of a recent visit to Blue Belly, I am presently in a state of  BBQ induced euphoria. Could it be the tastiest smoked chicken wings that I ever ate in my life, all perfectly seasoned and devoid of any grease, or is it the mouthwatering brisket that is altering my cognition? Maybe it was the drumstick-like pork shanks that were one of the specials of the day, all fat free and juicy that are lubricating my neuronal synapses? Or could it be the nicely browned brussell sprouts, fried up to order, or the baked beans with bacon and carrot pieces here and there that have surreptitiously increased the Dopamine levels in my brain? It could be the tangy potato salad or the creamy mac and cheese, the latter of which was so surreptitiously placed in front of us, compliments of the chef, a friendly guy who entertained us throughout the meal as we watched his culinary skill at work. Yes, BBQ afficionado, Blue Belly is the place to go to get your fix. Your belly, and your brain, will thank you!It's all about the S's at this place - the sides, service and smell.  The main dish I ordered was good - but the sides were amazing!  I would eat a buffet of the sides as my dinner and be beyond content.  The Brussels sprouts and collards couldn't have been better.  The mac-and-cheese is off the hook (the chef shared his secret with me... ask and ye shall receive!).  
The service on a Sunday night couldn't be better.  The waitress was happy as can be, and cook was delighted when I asked if the great flavor of the brisket was thyme.
And finally the smell.... once you walk into this place, the smell is so delightful you are instantly hungry.
Get it to go, get it to stay - and if you are staying, BYO!You have no idea how long I've been waiting for a good BBQ place in Philly. Well, this place isn't just good, it's GREAT. I've been dying to try since it opened up around the corner from me in Bella Vista. I went last night and soaked in the menu. Sandwiches come with fries and slaw for $11. Platters ($13-$15) come with three sides of your choosing. I went with the pork shoulder platter with baked beans, brussel sprouts and the onion/bacon corn cakes. (They also threw in some mixed greens and mac n' cheese.)
Without a doubt, the best $15 I have ever spent on a meal. This food was on a completely different level. They could've charged me $30 and I would've been just as happy. An unbelievable value. I consider myself a baked bean expert... I can guarantee you've never had baked beans like this. Such a simple dish but the flavor was amazing. The smokiness and texture put them far above any I've had before. Brussel sprouts, same. Cooked to perfection. Never had an onion/bacon corn cake in my life but I find it hard to believe I'll have one better than theirs.
Last but not least was the pork shoulder. Holy moses. So tender and cooked just right... and not smothered in sauce and spices so you get the real pork flavor. That chef is a superman.
I'm going back tonight... the tough choice is... what to get? Do yourself a favor and check out the menu. Once you read it, you'll be out the door in less than 5 minutes.
(One warning for diners that want to eat out. There are only about 4 or 5 tables. It's a pretty small space but very 'homey'. Also - I took mine to go... but if you eat in, they have some pretty cool choices of different sauces at each table. They looked awesome.)Oh gosh the meats here are good!  And they have pork shoulder and pork belly too!  I haven't eaten in yet but dad saw a new BBQ place and could resist bringing back some platters, which were delish.    The shoulder was very tender with a great, slow-cooked flavor, and the belly was melt-in-your-mouth good.  It's definitely not your everyday BBQ place and you can find some great relatively original spins on meats.  The cornbread was made with bacon bits and onions, which was a pretty different twist; it was good, though.  The mac and cheese is pretty typical as are the sautéed collards.  Will definitely be stopping in to try more of the menu.I can't review the food because the restaurant refused to accommodate our party of 6. Yes it's a small place, but they refused to move tables or chairs. We had gone out for my father's birthday. He was excited for barbecue. There were four adults and two kids. And they refused to do anything to seat us other than to offer that we sit at separate tables. We weren't going to do that - it was a birthday dinner after all. So we left.
And you may be wondering - was it crowded so that it just wasn't possible? No. It was empty!
The food may be good (but I wouldn't know!), but this service was abominable. Don't go if you have five or more people who have the crazy idea they want to sit together! Your business isn't wanted.My fiance and I have been dying to try this place since it came into the neighborhood, especially since we are huge fans of Cochon. We finally tried it today and were shocked to discover how rude the employees were, especially the chef. In our 6+ years of living in the city and trying many restaurants, this was by far the worst customer service experience we've ever had. The food was pretty good, we especially liked the jerk chicken sandwich.  However, we will never go back and have advised our friends and family to stay away.Love this place and surprised it doesn't have a higher average rating. I think the food here's even better than Percy Street. Really really fragrant ribs, great sides, low-key BYO atmosphere, and the friendliest staff. We had a rib platter and jerk chicken sandwich -- ribs were classically good, not dry at all, incredible smoke flavor. Jerk chicken itself was on the drier side but when combined with pickles and everything else in the sandwich, it was perfect.Stopped in for lunch with a friend and easily found a spot at a table. They are BYOB, so we shared a bottle of homebrew, while waiting for our BBQ to come out. I ordered the three sausages and three sides platter. For the $15 you get a LOT of food, and it was great. The sausages where smoked to perfection, the sides were done well - a common complaint at some BBQ joints. I had the beans, man & cheese, as well as the greens. All were perfect and the sizes were not over the top. The beans were by far a stand out side dish.
This is not your typical BBQ shack, but more upscale, with a true meat expert manning the smoker and grill. I will definitely return, I just hope that my heart and belly can take having this place so close to home.
This is only four stars as I have only been once, and eaten one platter. My gut tells me this is a 5 star place, but I'm trying to be objective after only one visit. I'll be back, many times for sure, so I can imagine I'll ammend this review to 5 stars sooner, rather than later.I've been back numerous times and the food only gets better. I tend to always get the specials now, as they are smoking meats that I have never had before, like duck and others. I'd go here more if my heart could handle it. People say it's expensive, but you get what you pay for here, it's 100% worth every dollar. Service is fast, informative about the meat, and friendly.Like it or not, the BBQ scene in Philly is ever evolving. Old timers like Ron's Ribs and Phoebe's have closed up shop and some of the newcomers (like the horrible Q and the much missed Smoked Joint) have come and gone. Old standbys like Percy Street are even in midlife crisis, trying to reinvent themselves (see my latest review:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/percy-street-barbecue-philadelphia#hrid:6FsYqdWKXD3NhRmvOZQ3Fw ). Sure there are some newcomers in town like Fette Sau (with emphasis on Fette mind you: http://www.yelp.com/biz/fette-sau-philadelphia#hrid:wCvM0CMlqwQ2Ct2lSliIiw  ) and Bubba's that is a block away from Fette Sau that opened the same week that was still not serving up a full menu for lunch on Saturdays (but please correct me if I am wrong) the last time I inquired. So what's a BBQ aficionado supposed to do? Head to Texas or somewhere else where they know what they are doing? Take my advice, save a few bucks and head to Blue Belly BBQ. It's essentially a tiny hole in the wall (think Paesano's in NoLibs) that is everything that Famous Dave's is not. Smaller portions, better quality, and more innovative recipes including some pretty atypical sandwiches that I will have to try. Being the purist I am (or purely boring) I opted for a more traditional platter of brisket and chose Brussels sprouts, beans, and corn cakes for the sides. The brisket was moist and perfectly prepared with a nice thick smoke ring. The cut of meat I was given seemed to be a miniature sized brisket that was nicely charred on all sides, and even better it was entirely devoid of any fat. How do they do this? Needless to say the brisket was by far the best I have eaten in town. My sides were a bit more variable. The Brussels sprouts were nicely done with fried onions and small bits of pork belly, while the beans were just OK, as they could use a bit of a kick or some burnt ends or a thicker sauce to spruce them up. I was a bit disappointed by the corn cakes, although I will be the first to admit that I really do not know what a good corn cake tastes like. I was thinking more like cornbread...but I thought wrong. All in all it was an excellent meal and worthy of many return visits. The service was fine, and for those of you missing that flight to Texas, Blue Belly's pea-sized bathroom makes an any airplanes lavatory seem positively roomy!I was really looking forward to having a rib joint in my neighborhood, but I am very disappointed in Blue Belly BBQ. 
  First, the hours aren't very convenient...what restaurant closes at 7pm?  Second, no one answers the phone, I guess because they don't take reservations. But that means no answers to questions AND no placing take-out orders! 
  I finally got some food to try...the ribs were tasty but a meager portion. My friend ordered the pulled pork sandwich & got a heaping pile of well-seasoned FAT...completely inedible. I don't forsee much of a future for this cute but pointless eatery.Ate here over the weekend and the service along with my pulled pork sandwich was equally bad. How do you mess up pulled pork sandwich as a "BBQ place"Finally was able to get here to see what all the hub bub is about. Had the Jerk Chicken sandwich - and it was amazing! Whatever they're doing in the kitchen is right on. The flavors were amazing. This is unlike any other jerk chicken I've ever tasted. The roll was decent and warmed to the perfect temp. The slaw was good but could have had a little more kick. The fries were near perfect and plentiful - well seasoned and cooked to a nice crispy consistency. Liked the little pickles they give you too.
The reason for 3 stars instead of 5 is a problem I had with the cleanliness of my table - specifically the seat. When I got up to leave, my ass stuck to the seat, because they never bothered to wipe it down from a previous customer. When I looked down, I saw several sticky stains that were obviously there before I arrived. Wiping tables down is not enough - you need to wipe the seats, walls, side of tables, etc.The service was terrible and stuck up! the bbq was bland and i have enjoyed better BBQ at cheap diners. My sandwich tasted like a McRib, which might be enjoyed by some, however McRibs are cheaper.
I went to this place before the big twitter scandal (owner insulting a reviewers looks), and i felt this place sucked before that.Now I'm not one of those nerds who knows about "smoke rings" and cooking for eleventy billion hours and all that jazz but for my money this was the best BBQ I've had in this city.
Prices are high here, for sure, but don't let that dissuade you.  These are big, sleep inducing sandwiches best regarded as proper meals rather than a quick grab & go.  Sit down, relax, enjoy.
I went with the Korean Beef.  Overflowing, salty, sweet, savory...sexy.  Yeah it was.  Pleasured me straight to my Seoul.
My very healthy, very in shape girlfriend devoured her beef brisket platter and agreed this was the best meat between bread in the city.
Sat and ate inside and everyone we encountered was casually nice and the walls are decorated with a ton of those signs pointing out what parts of what animal certain meats come from.  Love those things.I thought it was just me, it's good to know that I'm not the only one who thinks this place sucks.
I went in to grab some food and the prices (which had already been a little on the high side) had gone up! OK, I'm lazy and like to support local businesses so I order.  It's cash only and so I order and let them know I'll be back. The owner was insanely rude. He didn't want to place the order (even though I had been there previously) and wanted to wait until I came back with the money. What, do I run a scam all over town ordering and not picking up? I just came in last week! That's my last time at Blue Belly.
There are WAY better BBQ places in the city to be treated like this. The food is mediocre at best.I have literally been carrying around a slip of brown paper that contains my reactions to each item I ate here, for four months. 
Blue Belly. Holy BBQ, Batman. This place. Nothing in DC can even compare to this place. Fortunately for me, my bestie just moved around the corner from Blue Belly, so I have an excuse to go to Philly and eat here more often.
It's cash only, so be prepared. It's also pretty small and intimate, and the staff can come off as curt. But that really didn't matter to me because the food WAS INCREDIBLE.
Started with the loaded tots. Tater tots, plus cheese, plus meat, plus scallions, plus red peppers and sauce. "Each bite is better than the last," I wrote, as I consumed this take on comfort food. Are tater tots a comfort food? For me, yes. Yes they are.
I had the fried bologna sandwich, which was tasty, but I would get something else next time. The meat was perfectly cooked, but the sauces really stole the show. Hot sauce, sweet bbq, classic vinegar base, mustard-based, and siracha bbq. Five different sauces to pick from, or mix, or do literally whatever.
The purple cabbage slaw was tangy and refreshing, and the fries were perfectly cooked- crispy and well-seasoned.
I will be back. I may honestly make a trip just for Blue Belly. So. Amazingly. Good.I wish I could give less than one star. 
The McRib is better BBQ than this place. 
A true disappointment and WAY overpriced.Came here a few weeks ago and thought the place was only mediocre.  Now, I'd rather throw my money away than give it to this establishment.Listen people, my mama didn't name me Big Texas for nothing. I know my way around some damn Bee Bee Que.  And no  I'm not talking about the embarrassing crap  weenies that half of you serve to invited guest and pass off the event as a quote unquote 'barbecue.' I'm talking getting the whole damn shoulder of pork from my butcher and cooking that thing with 11 hours of slow rubbed love, Capital B, Capital B, Capital damn Q, barbecue.
I've lived in the the "City of Brotherly Excuses for Commercial BBQ" for nearly a decade and have the emotional BBQ scars to show for it. You won't see any of those places in my Yelp files because really, they are an embarrassment to themselves and to the craft.  i won't name names, but you're all officially on notice:  It's step your game up time! 
If I'm ever in a position to pick my last meal, this is the hands down winner...no second place.  If Blue Belly's is closed, then go find Gene at his home and tell him that a dying man has requested his food as the last thing that he will ever consume and the first thing to emerge as he takes his last breath and evacuates.  Too much?  Perhaps, but you get my point.
I'm not of the "Best. Meal. Ever." generation.  Mainly because I abhor one word sentences.  I find them to be lazy.  Lazy like those frozen Costco beef patties at your cut rate cookouts.  Lazy like Will and Kate picking George as the name for for their royal spawn.  Lazy like the canned baked beans and tasteless slaw at the average Philly BBQ joint. So while I won't be as hyperbolic as I feel, I will be honest and say that this meal reminded me that not everything has to be complicated.
We walked in to a simple place where one cool brother served as chef, waiter, cashier, sommelier and comic relief.  We were made to feel comfortable. Our beer was refrigerated, even though we had a cooler. Wine glasses were retrieved for the ladies (but if you are classier than us and don't have a twist off, I'd recommend a nice California Cab and a wine key, because Blue Belly isn't interested in being anything other than the place to get perfectly cooked BBQ meats).
The food was perfect.  We had about half the menu at your table and everything was incredible.  The ribs might be the best that I've had that didn't come off my dad's grill (a man who knows the meaning of the sacred art of grilling and raised his son to know quality when it's right in his face).
Go to Blue Belly's.  Ignore these "smartest guy in the internet" yelpers who thrive off of negativity.  This place is the real deal.  Enjoy yourselves.  and oh yeah, tell 'em Big Texas sent you!The food was okay, and average priced. I had the sausage trio and they were cooked well and tasty, but one of the three was overpowering. The sides are fairly good, I had the mac and cheese, and collard greens. The waitresses' attitude was friendly but not all of our food came out at the same time, and there was only the four of us in the restaurant. One person's food didn't come out until about 5 minutes after the rest.Was hoping this place would fill the gap left by BeBe's BBQ. Sadly it's overpriced mediocre sandwiches sold by people who seem like they have a 12 foot pole up their ass.I tried writing a review before but the owners made yelp delete it...  and it wasn't even  bad.
Anyhow, here it goes again.  I went there 3 times and they were closed.  I think they are closed two days a week and the other days close at like 7. I think thats way too early, especially for this type of neighborhood where'there's not a lot of foot traffic and everyone gets home from work at 7. 
I ate there twice and the food was O K.  For some of the sandwiches it just seems like they try to make it to fancy for just a BBQ joint.
it'd be nice if they had something healthier on the menu but completely understand this is not a "healthy place."  A breakfast sandwich served all day would be pretty awesome too.
If it wasn't for them deleting my fist review, never being open and me hearing them tell a customer that they could not substitue a side dish (salad for fries) then I'd probably go back again.I wish I could say something a bit positive, but I wasn't fortunate enough to be overwhelmed with their food.  Smoke taste seemed added versus acquired by true smoking.  Food was salty as well.  We ordered a duck platter and the ribs.  Brussels sprouts were totally overdone.   
The cook warmed the meat on the grill and the smoke in the place became overwhelming.  I guess I don't feel as though I should smell like the smoke of the food.  Wish they had turned on the vents.  (and this was even with the door open, as it was a nice day)
Unfortunately, compared to other BBQ places, we were not happy.I hit up Blue Belly BBQ on a whim with some peeps yesterday afternoon. The menu is small but interesting. This isn't your typical order a quarter pound of smoked meat and a side type of place. Sure, you can do that, but you can also order a sandwich made with really unique ingredients. Sammies that aren't your standard pulled pork on a potato roll. 
I opted for the jerk chicken sandwich, which came with pickled onions, some sort of aioli and fried okra. I personally hate okra, but I was willing to just pull those bits off. When I realized after ordering that the sandwiches come with cole slaw and fries, I asked if I could sub out the fries with collard greens. After a brief hesitation, my request was granted. But it seems like this may be something they are still unsure about. I'm hopeful that they'll change "served with cole slaw and fries" to "served with cole slaw and your choice of side." I'm sure I won't be the only one who asks for another option. 
My sandwich was awesome. The chicken was well seasoned and tender. I did come across a bone at one point, which was obviously unpleasant since I was nomming down a sandwich and didn't expect it. The collards were very tasty and the slaw had just the right crunch and vinegar-y taste.  
BBBBQ is cash-only, and they aren't open on Monday and Tuesday (at the time of this review).I wanted to like this place after a chef friend of mine said it was worthwhile. I really didn't care for it though. The brisket I got was dry and way too thick cut, almost tasted like it was a few days old. The seasoning was spot on though. The Ribs were terrible, just terrible. They needed 3-4 hours more cooking time. Fat was barely rendered, had almost no smoke flavor and falling off the bone wasn't even an option. Honestly the worst ribs I've ever paid for.
The Sides: Big ding in score for not having the Brussels. You have a handful of items on your menu, you should have all of them. You could have walked to the Market and bought them if you were out. The mac and cheese was great, something real different in flavor about it that had me guessing. Whatever it was I loved it. Collard greens were spot on as well, cooked through with just a little bite and good flavor, little bit of heat too. The corn cakes I didn't understand. Taste like plain masa, very flat on the palate. They would be good with pulled pork over top of them but alone as a side they needed salt and seasoning.
Dessert: The have none. Booooo.
I should qualify this with the fact that I did get it for take out. But for what they charge it should be great when I get it home.I am curious to see how the genius behind the shop's twitter account burns his parvenu brand to respond to this not-glowing review. In addition, of course I am sharing my valuable experience.
My visit on 8/3 with a friend out of town was ok. Nothing really stood out as excellent. $10 was a bit much for a sandwich I can barely remember.  I recall some pulled pork, and bread, maybe flavor. I have made much better in my slow cooker at home with my internet recipe.
There was a lot of fussing over the clogged sauce containers. They are also cash only, which I don't understand these days.FOOD:
 Ordered the special that included half a rack of Berkshire spareribs, two sides  of brussel sprouts, and one order of greens 15$.
DESCRIPTION:
RIBS:
 smoked, very lightly seasoned, reheated upon order, tender, somewhat         juicy....worth trying. The juiciness of the smoked rib makes them a solid alternative and local competitor of Percy St.  This order was for a half rack of spareribs--what arrived were five St. Louis trimmed ribs (within the range). 
GREENS:
 not cleaned very well (hence some sand)--prominent vinegar, light meat/meat flavor---otherwise not bad.
BRUSSEL SPROUTS:
 perfect---if you like them caramelized just to the point of almost charred--a flavor profile that comes together as beautiful as those two dogs on the spaghetti noodle in Lady and the Tramp---I inhaled them.
Service: General laid back vibe, but to a flaw.
1. Forced to sit outside in the heat on a bench designated for take out, even though the restaurant was empty.  While placing our order one guest asked for water and was provided such (we were also allowed to take the glass outside while we waited).
2.  Staff unaware of the type of wood used for smoking (more importantly, looks of irritation on behalf of the staff were given when the question was asked).
3.  Not permitted to make any monetarily compensated variations on portions and or types of items included orders (more importantly, looks of irritation on behalf of the staff were given when the question was asked).
4. No condiments offered to compliment the ribs.
THE FOLLOWING IS CORRESPONDENCE WITH MYSELF AND BLUE BELLY (BBQ) INITIATED BY BLUE BELLY AFTER MY REVIEW
FROM BBQ: 
"We use hickory. Can you tell us exactly why this is a 2 star review? Is it because our table are for dine in only?"
FROM ME:
 the service mainly brought the stars down to two; the greens having sand as well.. the criteria had nothing to do with your tables being reserved for dine-in patrons only....maybe it was a bad day when I visited (who knows)
FROM BBQ:
"Wow you must really have high standards when ordering take out. I wonder how many other take out places would give water with no charge."
FROM ME:
unfortunately water had nothing to do with it. and yes, having been in the industry for a number of years I have a unique opinion.
I recommend having a hospitality session with your staff. I you would like more of an explanation please feel free to let me know.
FROM BBQ:
"I'm sure you're very good at what you do and people like you. But as far as I'm concerned you're a 2 time yelper who has no respect for the industry. We are only in our third week which makes your yelp from our first week, if you are in fact an industry person you wouldn't have yelped and you would take it down. Chef/ owner Cochon Byob Blue Belly BBQ"
FROM ME:
I'm puzzled by your last note and want to make sure I understand you correctly; may you clarify the entire contents of it?
FROM BBQ:
"What's unclear? You went out of your way to wrongly yelp a new business. Now I have to get back to real life. Good luck in life I hope you do well"
FROM ME:
I would like to share that I am engaging with you via these messages to make sure my actions are, and have been fair.  May you share with my how I "wrongly yelped?"  I would also like to know if you had a soft opening prior to the last three weeks you mentioned you have been open for? What I am trying to get at is the fair or unfair nature of my review. If you may do so much as to please reread my review--taking heed to the balance in Positive, negative, and neutral points--and reply as to why it should be removed, altered, etc. I would more than happy to make amends if they are reasonable and warranted.
....END OF CORRESPONDENCE AS OF 8/29/12....I WILL UPDATE THIS REVIEW AFTER VISITING THE BBQ AGAINI'm going to be perfectly honest: I did not enjoy my meal here. However, the service was attentive and Zack devoured his pulled pork sandwich- I have no doubts that other people will love this place. 
The pulled jerk chicken sandwich didn't taste like jerk chicken. It was mushy and unappetizing and served on a long roll. Looked kinda like stuffing at a Thanksgiving table spread and I could only eat a few bites. The "coleslaw" was really just pickled cabbage and the fries are sprinkled with bay seasoning. Maybe you're into that. I'm just letting you know, okay? 
FYI: the only side offered that doesn't include a pork product is the mac and cheese. 
Zack's going to reheat the other 3/4 of my sandwich for lunch tomorrow. He'll probably like it better than I did.
Note- @BlueBellyBBQ did not like this review. They tweeted this about me (later deleted from their account). Thanks guys. http://tinypic.com/r/jrwdj7/6
Zack's going to have to go without lunch tomorrow. I'm throwing away the rest of that sandwich.I sat down with two friends for a lunch date.  I asked the waiter if there were certain spices in the bbq, because of some food allergies I have.  He wouldn't say if there was or wasn't and just looked at my friend for his order.  This guy with glasses was the rudest waiter/owner I have ever met.  A word to the wise to this place.... When older people who have been in the neighborhood all their lives makes a suggestion, don't mock them after they leave.  It is rude.Gene is easily one of my favorite Chef's in Philaldelphia and his greatest skill set is his ability to cook meat. Blue Belly has given him the chance to focus more on meat and it is coming out wonderfully. 
I went to the "friends and family" and went back once after. Both experiences were just plain great. Philadelphia finally has a good solid unique place for BBQ and I can't wait to see how much better it gets with time. As a matter of fact I'm going today.