Went on the opening night and it filled up pretty quickly. Found a seat at the bar and within minutes I received a menu and great service from the bartenders. Everyone was very friendly and the atmosphere was very welcoming. Decor is beautiful, but it is very tight. When we were finally seated it felt very cramped and it was like everyone was on top of each other. Overall the drinks were creative and tasty and if you like sweet cider go for the blackberry one. Food wise mostly finger food selections. The loaded fries are a must, but I wish we had passed on the beef kabobs the toast/chip/bread was teeth breaking and bland. Overall it was a nice experience, I'll definitely go back for drinks with the girls.I can see why this is the 'most Instagrammed' spot in Philly.  Really cool decor and interior design, and I would say something new that the city doesn't have.  Super trendy and as long as you navigate through the outstretched arms of people taking selfies, you'll be just fine.
The bar can be described as loud - in terms of style and sound, but that's what you should expect going to a place like this.  It's nice for group hangouts and you'll definitely find all types of groups of people hanging somewhere.
They have an extensive drink list, including a lot of beers on tap.  We ordered a few drinks and hung out at the bar.  Overall, service was great and we'll definitely be back to hang out again.Great atmosphere. I think this would be a great place to sit at the bar and stay for drinks only. That being said, the menu was underwhelming and food was mediocre. Our server was nice and checked up on us frequently. As soon as we we're seated she came over to our table and told us three things on the (already kind of limited) menu we're not available. I came to grab lunch with a group of 4, we we're able to get seating immediately on a Sunday around noon. I got the falafel, which was good not great. A little bland. Portions are quite small, especially for their price. Two people I came with each got a different flat bread, mushroom and avocado. They said they were pretty good, but again not amazing. Once again they were significantly smaller than expected. The fourth person in our party got the mussles and fries which was definitely the tastiest of all four meals. However, in my opinion it wasn't really a full meal, more of an appetizer with a side of fries. Didn't bother my friend who wanted something light anyways. The inside was gorgeous, I love the style of this place. I would definitely come back for apps and drinks only but go somewhere else nearby for a real meal.Blume, sorry- you were probably the worst restaurant I've ever eaten at. Ever. (This restaurant was made for Instagram and not anyone that actually likes food that isn't out of a Costco bag)
We were a six person reservation for a birthday. We ordered the calamari, shishitos, lobster flatbread, fig flatbread, beef kebab and loaded fries as apps for the table. When we sat our server told us they were out of the cotton candy drink, gruyere sticks and something else and then said "the kitchen is extremely behind". That should've been the red flag to get up and leave then. 
The food is really just awful. Our calamari took literally well over an hour to come out. We forgot about it. And when it came out, it was ice cold? Like it hadn't been near a stove, oven or frier in a very long time. The fries were definitely out of a freezer bag too and slopped with some ground beef and cheese soup. The lobster flatbread smelled so fishy that half the table didn't even try it. The beef kebabs looked insanely unappetizing- I should've taken a photo. They were like deep fried logs of ground beef. Interesting, right? More (barely) similar to a kofte 
The drinks are okay. I had the purple rain which tasted like kool-aid. Not a fan. A few people had the em blum and said it was pretty good. They have a pretty awesome beer list. 
The food runners, albeit super friendly, were dropping food on the wrong tables left and right. At one point one stood between our table and the table next to us and said "which table ordered the salmon?" Haha can't make this stuff up.  
And then we sat directly next to what I guess is their storage glass storage room? My friend had what looked like bug spray and a bag of trash inches for her face.... 
End of story- they didn't charge us. Not a single penny. We weren't really even sure why? Nobody had complained (that I know of). Granted it was pretty awful all around from service to drinks to waiting for ever for cold food. Very generous, especially for six people with a few rounds of drinks.
Go here for some drinks and take some pics of the decor. Eat literally anywhere else.Just ok. Really beautiful atmosphere and instragmmable opportunities. Food is like bar food, and makes you go to the bathroom instantly. Drinks are very sugary. Fun for a one time thing.If you know you're looking for a creative cocktail and interesting environment-this is a good place to try. Food was average but the environment makes the experience worth it. Plenty of quality options outside of the cocktail scene (I.e. wine, cider, beer) and decent shareable (and instagramable) food options. Service was good as well.Okay I'm sure the first opening week was crazy for this restaurant but week 2 they definitely have figured out the bumps and got their stuff together. We had a reservation for 4:30 on a Tuesday which we set the day before and were immediately seated when we walked in. Most of the tables had a "reserved" sign, so seemed like you need to make a reservation in advance if you want to sit down because by the time we left the bar area was packed. Our server was great, checked in with us multiple times to see if we were ready to order drinks and food. Food was interesting and tasty! They asked us what order we wanted the food to be brought out too. Decor is very insta-worthy. There were at least 10 people who took a photo outside at the butterfly window while we were eating. Overall a cute restaurant with an interesting menu that just needed to figure out the stresses of a super hyped up opening. I wouldn't rule this place out yet.Colorful and flowerful! BLUME presents an open kitchen concept with head chef Aila DeVowe. Per the PhillyMag article by Alexandra Jones, they have "built out an eclectic menu of street food-inspired small plates, flatbreads, and hearty classics balanced with veggies and whole grains."Very cute decor. Instagrammable? Not quite. Too crammed for a reasonable photoshoot. Come for drinks, then leave because the food is just not good. Ricotta gnocchi tastes more like a ball of egg whites. Ceaser salad tastes like it was misted in a garlic spray. Perfect locale for a single guy to pick up a thousand girls, but definitely not a worthwhile dinner spot.My friends and I went here for birthday drinks. The atmosphere was really cool but the service was horrible. It took 15 minutes to even get water and additional half hour to put in food orders. At that point we decided not to get food there. Drinks were classic Philly beers and a wine list.  
The waiter seemed annoyed that we left however didn't ask why.So excited to have a new restaurant come to Philly, with a NY vibe... the decor was beautiful, the service was good, just the food needs some work. It was just mediocre I hope in the future they step up their menu, they didn't even have a desert menu made yet. I'd come back here for the drinks and vibe!So I went to this place when it was Cinder. Came in two days after they opened and it was packed. I think my major gripe would be how tight this place is (seating so close to the next seat that you actually hit/rub elbows). The menu is dark so it's hard to see. Prices jumped quite a bit but we got the fries topped with burger toppings which was surprisingly delish. Ill have to see if the flatbread is just as good as the pizza. So decent food, a tad bit overpriced, but that's popular lately.Really bad! staff was rude and unapologetic and service was veryyyy slow! food was good but not worth it!We were all so excited to come for my friends birthday, but the food and drinks were honestly terrible. The French fries were like they were from McDonald's, but McDonald's might've been better. Burgers had a centimeter of cheese. Flatbreads were so tiny and so salty they burned our mouths. Our first round of drinks tasted like nothing and our second round tasted like the whole bottle of alcohol. What a hoax. Don't be fooled by the cute interior. Not worth it. At least the service was nice, but I could imagine how hard it is to serve at a restaurant where everybody is disappointed.Ambience! Ambience! Ambience.  We were overwhelmed by the aromas and colorful atmosphere.  My friend and I tried this place on a Wednesday night for the first time.  We sat at the bar and were immediately greeted by friendly bartenders who were sweet, knowldge and super enthusiastic about their organic drinks.  We tried the 19th century finish with peony vodka ( delicious, colorful, and flavorful) and Purple Rain which after a hot day was refreshing ... you could really taste the lemon and lavender  ... I would have even had it without the liquor.  Of course you must try the wine ! I highly recommend the Noble Vines Pinot Grigio and the Daniel Ramos Kit Rose Garnacha that we paired with the lobster flat bread and avocado flat bread.  All the ingredients were fresh and the flavors complimented each other perfectly...the flat bread was airy and light.  They were perfect to share.  We even had room for a Three's Brewing Logical Conclusion IPA on tap... that was hoppy and crisp.  I can't wait to go back !!Horrible. The cotton candy drink was pure sugar, zero alcohol. The avocado sundae looked and tasted like baby food (id rather that tbh) and the calamari was pure breading. Soggy, cold breading. Deff relying too hard on their gimmicky "wings" on the front door but what do you expect from the people who made this place? I wasn't expecting much but I deff thought it would have been better than this.It's really a 3.5 star review. I ve been meaning to visit this spot since it opened 6 weeks ago. The ambience is what takes the cake ! Reminds me of Magic hour in NYC. Eclectic designs with vibrant colors and smiling servers take an easy 5 stars. They have a good drinks menu with beer, wine and cocktails, good draft list. We were seated immediately and given the menus, after reviewing the menu we ordered a draft and the peach old fashioned. Although I wish the server could have made recommendations. 
For the food we ordered the loaded fries as a shareable. 4.5/5 It was shoestring fries with ground beef, special sauce and onions, lettuce and tomatoes. The whole thing reminded me of an in and out burger. 
The Korean chicken banh mi was very yummy, however I wish the server would have warned us that it came with more fries. 
Overall the experience was good, wish it was more interactive. Definitely worth towing for the gramUnderwhelmed by this kitschy place. A lot of online hype. Food was bland and boring - and cold when it should've been hot! Cheese sticks had potential. Chicken satay was mediocre. Drinks were overpriced for what they are but clever ideas. Service forgettable. Won't be back for food, but maybe for a drink.Decided to try this new restaurant in philly for my friends birthday yesterday! The atmosphere is very trendy and great for instagram photos.  The staff was amazing - friendly and attentive! FYI they don't do brunch - only lunch. We all ordered the daiquiri and it was a great choice, but the drink we wanted was "out".  When we went to go order an appetizer this was also not available which we found a bit disappointing as the restaurant is so new. The food we had was good, but definitely nothing to rave about. I enjoyed my falafel sandwich but the avocado sundae was a bit of waste and more of a photo. If you're looking for a cocktail and snacks with friends I'd recommend but if you're looking for a place to do fine dining and dinner I would pass...Whoa. Barely one star for the food. Skip the food and come for a cocktail, it's unique inside. I checked reviews in advance that warned of food quality. I figured a flat bread would be hard to mess up but definitely not going to put them up for that challenge a second time. Our fig flatbread was all sorts of nasty. The cheese did not mingle well with the fig and the figs were overloaded on the burnt flat bread. It had a potato chips feel when you bit into it. I knew better than to order the falafel but I did because it's often possible to disguise the taste with the sauce. Impossible to do when the falafel- doesn't fit, is rock hard, and crumbles when bitten. Whole lotta left overs at our table!3 stars for a beautiful atmosphere. Service was good as well! Food was mediocre and overpriced. You're definitely paying for the vibe ($14 cocktail type of place), but it's worth checking out. We were excited to try out the happy hour (which we were informed had not started yet), so ended up paying WAY more than we had hoped for after work drinks and snacks. Probably not going to be your regular spot, but nice to try once.Blume should have stayed as Cinder. Our experience there was extremely mediocre. Pleasant waitress but attentiveness was not on her agenda for the evening. Food came out to the table very quickly, which was good but also made it crystal clear that the flatbreads are premade & just needed some warming up. We received our drinks a good 15-20mins after our (fairly small) flatbread came to the table- the meal was complete & our dirty/empty dishes had been taken off our table well before the drinks came. I appreciated the effort put into the atmosphere/decor but overall- Blume has absolutely NOTHING on Cinder.The food was horrible. Frozen burger. Calamari was mushy and too salty. Found a hair in one of the meals. Loaded fries came out a half an hour after everyone's meal came. They were out of NY Strip Steak and the gnocchi at 8 pm on a Friday. Some thought their drinks were watered down. Great service staff though.Had a reservation at Blume for my friend's birthday. Very excited to dine in for the first time and were extremely disappointed. The ambiance was super cool and trendy but the service could be improved tremendously. We had to ask for a waiter after 15 minutes of not receiving any service. They said they had just realized we were sitting there, even though we had been sitting for 15 minutes and checked in for our reservation. We decided to leave after 45 minutes and only one drink without ordering any food. Our waitress didn't check in on us to see if we wanted to order. The menu was strange and the wine tasted like water. It was not crowded so I don't really see any excuse for the poor service. The waitress seemed annoyed we got the check after only one drink but didn't ask us if there was a problem. We will not be going back. I can't see this restaurant lasting more than the summer. The idea was great but the execution is poor.The drinks are good. The food subpar. I got food poisoning from eating their salmon dish last week. Would not recommend.Amazing food, great interior, super cute. Plus they have very good vegan options. I got the Avocado Sunday and Fig and Prosciutto flat bread, both of which were amazing. My friend got the Grilled Cheese, the fries were crisp and they didn't skimp on the cheese. I also got the Femme Fatale cocktail, it tasted good and was also not a weak drink for the priceMy date and I made a reservation for two at 7:30, hoping to have a romantic night together. Unfortunately, the experience was doomed from the beginning. We were seated at a table for two in the corner with a long wall booth. Not exactly private but reasonable considering space limitations. As soon as we were seated the host moved the table next to us right up against our table and proceeded to sit another twosome. We were eating dinner right up against another party... not romantic. I wasn't even able to get out to go to the restroom because of the half inch dividing our tables without disturbing their dinner. 
So the dinner starts off very awkward. The waitress attempts to push our tables together because she thinks we are together. She takes our drink orders together because we are essentially one party at this point and also their food orders. When we asked if we could put in our food orders she said no because it would "overwhelm the kitchen." I'm not sure how four food orders would be overwhelming but okay. What really upset me about this experience was the fact that there were other tables open the entirety of our 2+ hour dinner. Not once did the waitress or a manager try to make the seating issue better for either of our parties. 
Seating debacle aside, the food is okay. Not stellar but just fine. We ordered the loaded fries without beef and they were delicious - a large amount and almost every fry had some kind of topping. We wanted to order the gruyere sticks but they had sold out, mildly disappointing. We opted for the avocado sundae instead which had mashed avocado, a cream topping, a balsamic drizzle, and a tomato "cherry." This was definitely the star of the meal; however, it comes with 4 small pieces of bread... not enough for the amount of avocado at all, we ended up dipping fries into it when the bread was gone. We also enjoyed the margherita pizza with pepperoni, it was tasty and balanced the flavors well but at the end of the day it's pizza and it's nothing too special. 
Overall, I would not come here for dinner if you are looking for any kind of great meal. Instead stop in for the bar and grab an avocado sundae if you're hungry. Take a picture of the decor and save your money for a real dinner.Cool atmosphere and great service, but that's about it. Food was so-so and the specialty cocktails are way overpriced. Probably won't return.I'll never be able to have normal deviled eggs again. Ive now spoiled my taste buds with their lobster deviled eggs, and I cannot go back. 
Definitely suggest their lobster deviled eggs, avocado sundae (which is guacamole served to look like an ice cream sundae) and their cotton candy cocktail. 
The drink was surprisingly strong, and super yummy.Definitely stay for the insta and maybe peruse the cocktails. I would say a very average cocktail bar. Food okay, drinks okay, atmosphere is pretty neat though. I shared some avocado sundae , which had some pretty good flavor . The balsamic with the creme fraiche was pretty light app with the little toasted baguette pieces. I also order the mushroom flatbread which was fine. I had a sip of one of the cotton candy cocktails and it was pretty light on the alcohol but not overly sweet which I was afraid of. Overall it was an eh, though the place looked cool and I got some nice pictures out of it.I hate to leave a 1 star review but today it's honestly necessary. We ordered cotton candy drinks, so cute but 0 alcohol at $14 a piece. The avocado sundae tasted like prepackaged Sabra guacamole paired with literally 2 tiny pieces of crusty bread. Charged us $1 for more bread... who does that? We also got the kung pao calamari which was the most disappointing. It was served cold, 2 calamari rings the rest were the tentacles. Soooo much breading and it was soggy no crispiness whatsoever. There was nothing "kung pao" about it... no spice no flavor. Just unseasoned, wet breadcrumbs. Good for an instagram photo, but that's it.We had great service but the food was just too overpriced for what it was- good but not phenomenal. Cotton candy drink was tasty, and it had cute aesthetic but I think if I were going there again it would be just for drinks and not a meal. Make reservations !Great ambience, food was not great. Better for picture taking than eating. Flatbreads were small portions and bland. Heirloom Tomato and Burrata best thing I ordered.
Update my two girlfriends were sick to their stomachs the next day.I'm giving 3 stars to be generous. But my experience here was subpar and I never got to eat any of the food. I came for happy hour with 5 friends with the intention to stay for dinner. We arrived a little before 7 pm, were quoted an hour wait, and put our names in as we were waiting for the rest of the group still so sat at the bar and ordered a drink while we waited. We noticed many open tables that could've seated 5. Whatever. Our whole group arrived and ordered another round of drinks. The restaurant cleared out significantly after happy hour. After an hour, I asked the hostess if we had a table yet and she said "oh yes sorry I forgot about you". Haha. Then we sat down and our waitress brought us waters. We saw her again maybe 30 minutes later but decided not to order food just based on the slow service. The drinks were pretty good although they did run out of seltzer water which I thought was weird for a restaurant. Glad I went to see it, likely won't return.When I heard this restaurant / bar was opening, I was SO excited. I love an establishment with great ambiance and delicious cocktails! When my cousin came into town from New York we decided to give it a try. She was really excited to try the cotton candy drink. When we walked in we waited at the hostess stand and another patron came up to us and told us we might as well leave because the service is so bad, the drinks are overrated, and the food sucked. My cousin and I decided to stay despite this forewarning because really wanted to give it a try. We sat down and were greeted by a woman who really has no business working in hospitality. I tried asking her about the drinks and she was short and gruff and didn't care about my experience at all. They were also out of the cotton candy drink which was a disappointment. Overall I'd say come back once they get their management together. This wasn't the experience I paid $14 a drink for.Aye! Tonight devours are brought to you by @blumephilly . Blume is a new hipster spot that is definitely the talk of the city! It's awesome decorations and vibrant colors make this spot pretty freakin dope and instagram friendly!  my bartender Grant was super dope and he legit guided my way through the menu where i ordered the Gruyère Sticks with their signature French onion dip that is absolutely amazing! I then ordered Moules Frites (Mussels) with saffron shellfish broth and lemon aioli. The broth was to die for and the Gruyère sticks were super good with the French onion dip! If you ever find yourself downtown center city and want super dope vibes and great food! Check out @blumephilly and ask for grant; tell him shimmy sent you! #blumephilly #philly #philadelphia #food #foodie #foodphotography #foodporn #foodgasm #mussels #fries #cheese #waterFirst and foremost, the atmosphere here is so cool! There are so many plants all over and the decorations are so pretty. The place is great addition to Philly, giving the city a NYC-restaurant-esque place. 
The food is decent here - but everything was either warm/getting cold. I assume its because my friend and I came on opening day and it was extremely busy. We got the kung pao calamari, gruyere sticks, chicken satay, and the grilled cheese. One thing I would highly recommend are the gruyere sticks. They're like mozzarella sticks with a great French onion soup dip. I'd definitely come back for these!Came on the opening day to the public after seeing the hype online. Great ambiance. I love the "blume"ing flower decor concept. Felt like a great, upbeat and trendy bar to bring friends. Staff was incredibly kind and attentive. 
There were a few issues that came to mind. 
We were seated in the back corner at a high top table. It was incredibly dark, a little too dark. Felt off that I had to whip out the iPhone light to read the menu at 4pm while it was still bright and daytime outside. Wish there was more color and light in the back section, felt like I was missing out from the purpose of the restaurant's atmosphere that exists in the center of the room. 
Ordered the cotton candy cocktail after being told it had real cotton candy. I thought it was be a super fun, unique, and instagramable cocktail! However, I was a bit disappointed when it arrived. It was basically a cute glass of ice with a small piece of cotton candy sitting on top of the ice. There was a small beaker of vodka on the side. The waitress instantly poured the vodka into the drink before I even had the chance to enjoy the sight of the drink and take an *essential* boomerang (haha) video of the vodka melting the cotton candy. In addition, the drink tasted like shots of flavored vodka (basically vodka + sugar). I was expecting more of a cocktail style, yummy mixed drink. My suggestion would be to put the cotton candy around the top rim of the drink and have more of a mixed cocktail inside of the drink instead of pouring vodka on ice, or at least letting the customer pour it themselves. The waitress kindly gave us a side of pineapple juice to mix into the drink after we told her it was a bit too strong for our taste. 
For food, we ordered the calamari and loaded fries. Both were good! (Good but not out of this world impressive.)Loaded fries had a mayo like special sauce similar to the taste of In N Out sauce. 
Overall, had a great experience at Blume. Seeing that it was their first day, it was understandable that they are still getting into their groove and it seems like it was be a stand out restaurant/bar in Philadelphia for this upcoming summer season! Hope to return to try their other dishes and cocktails!Great scenery but...The food was terrible! The avocado sundae is just sliced avocado in a bowl and the beef skewers were dry and cold and the fig flatbread was flavorless. The service was horrible and we would flag down anyone we could to get our check or order something else. This is a place to go just for cocktails or a girls night.I came here for happy hour with my friend. We were able to get a seat at the bar easily as we came at 4pm on a Friday. The happy hour menu was okay, they didn't have a lot of wine choices (only red wine was sangria). We also go the cheese plate which was a little disappointing, it was a loaf of cold bread and a hunk of cheese.
Overall the atmosphere was nice and the place was vibrant and colorful. Probably would only come back for drinks though.So let's just do aesthetics, aesthetics, aesthetics. Truly. Beautiful decorated space. The "Blume" theme comes across clearly. Get your camera ready! Drinks are good, with a wide selection. Food is a bit overpriced and not all that exciting. Though it is a great fit for a late night cocktail, I would not recommend dinner myself.Quality of food was sub-par for price. Avocado sundae was terrible & inedible. Deviled eggs were tasteless. High table chair was basically like sitting on two wooden planks. Only good thing ordered was the salmon. Service was decent. Just so many better places to choose from to eat at this price scale.I would, if I could, give this place a 2.5. The atmosphere was great with the live flowers and retro chic. The drinks were garnished correctly and were delicious! They are probably the only thing I am going back for. 
The service at the table was horrendous. We saw the server twice during our meal. It took a long time for drinks and if she would of came over during the meal we would of probably gotten another round. The one bus boy was fabulous and was constantly clearing the table and always interacted with us. He should of been our service! I wish I got his name. 
For apps we got the gruyere sticks and the baked oysters. The gruyere sticks were a little over cooked but the French onion sauce salvaged it. The baked oysters were good with the sauce but there was not enough bread for table dipping.
My one friend and I got the salmon. It was cooked perfectly and the horseradish sauce was good, but the sides were very bland. The quinoa had no seasoning and the salad dressing was not anything to rave about. My friend enjoyed the gnocchi since it was a different combination than she is used too and thought the mustard garnishment was a great complement to the dish!The reviews were right! My friends and I thought we'd give it a chance, but when both Yelp and Google have poor reviews, you should listen. The food was not anything to rave about. Most of the people in my party actually disliked their meal, and we all agreed the only real good thing was the fries, so that is telling you something. The service was subpar. I had arrived a bit later than the rest of my party, and I asked for water to start while I took some time to review the drink options, and the waitress brought me the water and never came back. It took me asking the server who brought our food out to get her to come back to the table. They never checked in after giving us our food and proceeded to set up for a party by dragging metal chairs across the floor and barricading the section in with a row of tables, leaving a small section for everyone, so squeeze through. It was ungodly loud and very annoying to not only my party but the other patrons in our section. I would not recommend this place unless you are looking for some fun drinks. If you want actual food, skip this and go somewhere else.Came by to celebrate and initially ordered the daiquiri and the fried calamari.  The daiquiri was excellent, but the calamari was a bit saltier than it should've been.  We saw the table next to us with a cotton candy cocktail and had to order one for ourselves.  Overall good experience with a friendly waitress.Brand new and badly needed from the establishment previously located here - this spot didn't fail to impress. Our class selected this venue for a pre-game reception prior to graduation. We took over a few tables and ordered our drinks at the bar while snacking on candy- contained in jars adjacent to the bar for free snack selection. Inside the lighting is purple and dozens of plant-filled vases remain hanging from the ceiling. The bar setup looked identical to Blume's predecessor (accounting for the entire right-side of the restaurant). 
Ordering drinks felt mostly seamless despite having one bartender weigh about 10 of us. I could tell by the way staff were operating and the way business was being conducted, that this new restaurant really wants to survive the tough Philly clientele and cater to all customers, and it showed. We had a great time drinking and celebrating the end of our term and would certainly consider coming back here again.Service was on point but the food was extremely salty and not good. I would only go here again for their drinks. I ordered the cotton candy drink and the presentation and taste was on point. I went with a group of 8 girls and they all thought the food lacked in taste and appeal. Vibe, music and decor made this spot appealing.Went here on a Wednesday during Sips, and it was moderately busy, but cleared out during our meal. Sat down for about 20-30 minutes before we told a server that we had not been seen yet. Someone came over about 15 minutes later and took our order. No issue with the timing of bringing out the food/ wine, it was pretty fast actually. The food was average, at best. We did state that we had poor service, and the server comp'd our wine and one app, which was definitely appreciated. I've worked in food service industry before, and understand the struggles, but they seem very unorganized. It's a cute ambiance, and I would say come for a drink at the bar because the drinks looked good, but don't bother trying to eat here.Welp they killed it with the atmosphere and the design but service was meh. Appetizer came after the dinners and they swore to me that it was family-style so different things would come out at different times.m? ( or so they say)Not sure how a salad with mushrooms can come out 20 minutes after salmon? They did apologize and gave a free gnocchi and bottle of rose. I do recommend going to drinks and apps. I will give time and come back to see how things change over a few months. They only opened 2 months ago so time will tell.Overpriced for average portion sizes and average tasting food. It's probably overpriced to recoup the cost of all the tacky renovations from Cinder. Cinder was a far better bar and restaurant and Blume should be reverted back to CinderYuch. I like to go out for food that's better than I can make at home. I'm not a great chef.I'm not sure where to begin.
We were asked to move by staff TWICE so that people could take pictures in front of the neon sign ..... wut. You're asking paying customers on the first night to move away from the bar.. away from sales.. so people can take a picture? Pictures are for first / one time comers. Service is to get people back. I would have expected service to prevail on opening night. You just lost my second visit.
Additionally, cocktails are not tasty or worth the price. Should have listened to the girls next to me who advised me against what I was considering because I went against better judgment and learned she was right. 
Disappointed. I would normally give leeway for opening night hiccups but these are experienced owners who have previously done well in Philly ‍I have mixed feelings about Blume. The restaurant décor is stunning and I really enjoyed that. The menu was limited but the avocado sundae was one of the most amazing thing ever! That is a must get! I got beer and the glass was warm so I had semi warm beer which really sucked on a hot day. My grill cheese are on the hard side- pretty sure I could of used it to hammer a nail in the wall.BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!   1 star for the place not for food, drinks or services.  bring Cinder back!   This place used to be Cinder. Cinder was awesome Blume.... well, not at all.   All they have to go for is the decoration and one cotton candy cocktail.   Food was terrible and slow.   I came with 3 other people. My tasteless burger came after all my 3 friends had finished their over priced bland food.  One friend's food came right after he ordered. Then 10 mins,15 mins mine was 25 mins.   Drinks and food are over priced for the quality that they served.  I didn't use the bathroom but my friend said "it smells like raw meat".   I still feel gross in my mouth from the burger.  Yuck. If you want to check out and take pictures inside.  Just sit at a bar order a drink and eat somewhere else. Go to good dog down the street or other places. Don't bother here.  I really want this place to be good.  Their bahmi is not authentic!!its terrible big disappointment.This was a decent walk from my work: probably about 15 minutes. The bar is sooo cute, both on the outside and the inside. Primarily female customers, with a lot of males behind the bar working. Definitely like that! I'm so glad I was able to book a reservation, because this way, we got to sit right under the "Blume" lights! Our waitress was superrr nice and friendly! My friends ordered the sangria, the Peach Old Fashioned, and a Strawberry Dacquiri. I had the Cotton Candy. It was so cool to pour the alcohol over the cotton candy and watch it melt into my drink! The bartender was HARDCORE flirting with the two girls next to us. He kept bringing over free drinks and their food. I tried all the drinks and they were strong, but good. I felt tipsy after one drink! 
As for my food, I didn't love it, but it's because I asked for no tomato on my Margherita flatbread, not realizing they meant "tomato sauce"..... 
The waitress was also super cool about splitting our check for us afterwards!This place is beautiful. The place however is the biggest. The drink i had was a femme fatale i liked the spicy rim that they put on the glass but the drink was nasty. They have another drink that is cotton candy i hear that is very strong because it's mainly vodka. I haven't ate here i just stopped in because it was the "new" place. I haven't eaten here so I'll do another review after i taste the food and stay a little longerWe stumbled upon this place walking around Rittenhouse Square and were lucky enough to get a table at 9pm for 2ppl.   The decor was stunning and initially the service was great.  It seemed like we were in the new hot spot, the place to be seen. Ordered a couple drinks, kung pao calamari and shisitos and beans.  Calamari came out cold and i sent back.  Peppers and Beans were hot and amazing.  New calamari came out and was good as well.  Put in an order for the NY strip and tomato salad.  After 30 minutes finally said something. Server forgot ring it in. She played it off like we didnt order and said she would ask kitchen if they could still do it.  20 minutes later meal came out and no joke the steak was tough like jerky. We barely touch it, asked for bill.  Still tipped 20% and left.  Manager seemed more concerned with the music then he did the actually service.  Makes sense that this place is 2.5 stars. Needs some work.  Could be real awesome if they turn things around.Huge disappointment. They care more about how this place looks on Instagram than the actual dining experience. Right away, the server listed a number of  items they were out of (we were going to give them a break since they just opened). But then about ten minutes after we ordered, the manager told us that they were out of the bahn mi sandwhich so my husband ordered the steak instead. They brought his meal out first and didn't say anything about my mussels. I saw the waitress noticed I didn't have my meal but it took her almost ten min to say that they were going to bring it out... offered to knock one drink off the menu but we felt it should have been more. Another ten minutes went by and nothing. Then a man in suit holding a drink in his hand came  over and asked us how everything was, we explained our frustration and said how we were tempted to walk out and he responded "do what you got to do." - no apology. PATHETIC.I've been wanting to visit Blume since it opened, and finally got a chance to go for happy hour after work on Wednesday. Despite it being crowded, the five of us were seated right away at a table in the bar area. The restaurant is very loud and it was difficult to hear the numerous happy hour specials. I wish they had a happy hour menu or something. They have a ton of yummy cocktails and a surprisingly good beer selection. Our first round of drinks took quite awhile to be dropped off at the table, but our server seemed busy so its understandable. 
For food, we started off with the Gruyere Sticks with french onion dip - we all loved these! SO cheesy and filling. I wasn't too hungry, so for my meal I ordered the lobster deviled eggs. I didn't think deviled eggs would take too long to come out, but everyone at the table had their food besides me for a good 10 minutes. The deviled eggs were just okay, and I would consider visiting again for drinks+gruyere sticks, and to try more menu items.I stopped by Blume for drinks at the bar and it is truly gorgeous inside! It feels like you're dining inside a secret garden. Very instagrammable, for sure. I docked one star because some of the drinks on the menu were just...too much. I sent my cocktail back and just got a glass of wine to be on the safe side.I went to Blume for the first time with a friend from DC this weekend. Definitely a great spot for an insta story and drinks...the food, however, not so much. We ordered the baked oysters, salmon tartine, Gruyere sticks, mushroom flatbread, and heirloom salad (we were hungry...). The salad and Gruyere sticks were just OK. The bread with the baked oysters and salmon was stale and mushroom flatbread was burned. I would definitely go back to try more of their cocktails, but eat beforehand.I'll start with the positives. 
The atmosphere at Blume is great, and the decor is unique, hip, and tasteful. 
I ordered one of their craft cocktails - the purple rain - and it was both creative and delicious. 
The positives end there. 
My sister ordered the grilled cheese, which comes with tomato soup and a salad. What arrived was a grilled cheese, the most pathetic excuse for a salad, and what looked like a jar of pasta sauce dumped into a bowl. To make things worse, the "soup" was cold. She spoke to the waitress, who apologized profusely and whisked it away to bring her a new soup. What arrived was AGAIN a cold bowl of sauce. Comparing the salad to a Panera salad would be an insult to Panera. She paid $14 for food that was clearly dumped out of a bag and microwaved for a total of $3.
My order, the bahn mi sandwich, did not come for another 15 minutes. The waitress came over and let us know they were "getting it together" now. What arrived was okay, but was far from a bahn mi. It was more like sweet and sour chicken dumped on a stale roll. 
Our poor waitress discounted our bill by 15% after I asked if perhaps the "soup" was intended to be cold. It was not. I hope she finds a new job. Soon.The ambiance does not make up for the fact that this place has terrible drinks. One of ours honestly tasted like bubblegum had been steeped in water and then dashed with salt. Thought ordering from the wine menu would be a better option, but the wine I ordered tasted a bit skunked. Would not go back until they got some bartenders who know what they are doing.I was able to come back to Blume with an invite from the manager based on my previous experience. This is an example of great customer service. 
I came back and ordered the mushroom flatbread, gruyere sticks (again), moules frites (mussels), and one of their tequila drinks. 
The drink was super good, not too sweet; but I forgot what it was called. One of my main complaints previously was that the food was warm/getting cold or just cold in general. This time, everything came out piping hot and I could not have asked for a better food experience. Every thing we got was great. Even the French fries from last time were like weird crunchy rocks; but this time, I just wanted more! 
I'll be back soon, Blume - with friends!Would definitely not come back. It not worth the hype, just cool eye candy for Instagram. 
Came here with a friend who recommended it, as she has been here before and liked it. We sat for about an hour last Friday night, and we were only able to order 1 drink each. The bartender who took our order was quick to take our order, took my card, and didn't bother to ask my friend if it was on the same tab.
Two more friends showed up later, and the bartender never walked over to us to check in. It felt as though he was ignoring us on purpose, and he seemed annoyed when I asked him for my tab after trying to get his attention several times. I know the bar was packed, but he seemed way more attentive to the people ordering shots. 
I would not come back for the horrible service at all, and $54 plus tip for four drinks. The drinks were okay, pretty average tasting, but there are several other bars around Rittenhouse for the same price, and way better service.3 stars for a beautiful atmosphere. Service was good as well! Food was mediocre and overpriced. You're definitely paying for the vibe ($14 cocktail type of place), so it's worth checking out. We were excited to try out the happy hour (which we were informed had not started yet), so ended up paying WAY more than we had hoped for after work drinks and snacks. Probably not going to be your regular spot, but nice to try once.
**bumped this up to 4 stars since the manager directly reached out to me regarding my initial review in order to make up for my less than stellar first experience. Great customer service is always much appreciated.This is more of a cocktail/happy hour bar. The beer/wine tap menu is impressive and their cocktails were delicious. Their dinner menu was overpriced for sub par food. The mussels were gritty and fishy and smelled so terrible they needed to be removed from the table. Nice servers. Probably will not return.Blume grabbed my attention as I was walking home one day so I decide to plan a casual brunch with bae. 
If you're looking to fill your phone with great pictures for your social media accounts, this is the perfect place for you. If you are expecting anything else,  like...at the bare minimum ... HOT FOOD...my advice to you is to run far away from Blume.
The menu is all over the place. The employees did not have the greatest attitudes towards my boyfriend and I with the exception of the guy at the bar who was very nice.
My shrimp and grits had no flavor whatsoever. My boyfriends French toast was very good but it was cold. The drinks were okay.
Overall this was a one and done experience. My boyfriend feels like he was taken advantage of because the prices were not equivalent to the taste of the food or the service of the employees.My co-workers and I were very excited to come to Blume once it opened. To say we were disappointed, is an understatement. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone. Food was mediocre at best and service was shit. 
We had reservations at 12:15pm (the restaurant opens at 12pm). The doors were still locked when we arrived. We waited about 5 minutes until they opened the doors. Once we were let inside, we were greeted by a very nice hostess (probably the nicest part of the whole experience) There was no music, and only half of the lights were on. Once we were ready to order, we were told that two of the appetizers we wanted to order were not available because they ran out....We changed our order, and let her know we wanted to order our entree as well. The waitress then told us "maybe you should hold off a bit, they are still setting up in the kitchen". Mind you, at this point it is well after 12:30pm, and the place opened at 12pm. 
Drinks took a while to come out, but were pretty good. We finally grabbed our waitress to put in our orders. We told her we were on a time crunch because we had to get back to the office. (It had already been over an hour at this point). While we waited for our food, our waitress came over to tell us that the WiFi was down and they wouldn't be able to accept credit cards. We were a part of 7, all with credit cards. No apology, no solution offered. Our waitress actually had a bit of an attitude about it.
Our entrees came out relatively quickly but all at different times. One of our friends did not get her food until a good 15 minutes after the rest of us. NOT ONCE did the waitress apologize. While eating, we asked for our check. Again, because we were on a time crunch. Our check wasn't delivered until we asked yet again after our meal. 
Mind you, during all of this there were MAYBE 13 people dining in the restaurant.Walked in, sat at the bar, waited 10 minutes and no one came over to us to take our drink order. Felt like I was in a college rave. Horrible! Won't be going back.Ok so I went here for restaurant week despite the mixed reviews because I wanted to see for myself. The place is newer so I'm sure they're working out some of the kinks. Apparently I wasn't the only one who thought that cause the place was packed. Blume is trendy and there were a lot of younger girls here getting drinks with friends, plus some couples here and there. The poor hostess was getting her butt kicked and people were not being nice but she did a great job! We made a reservation and sat pretty quickly. Our waitress was fast, hysterical and made the experience great. The drinks were amazing! Not only cocktails but they had a great beer selection. The food came out quickly, for as busy as it was we were shocked. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because I felt the food could be better. Maybe it was just the restaurant week menu I'm not sure. The food was good, it was all cooked well and served in a timely manner it just wasn't anything to write home about. 
I would definitely recommend trying it for yourself! I don't think it deserves the negative reviews it has.What a disappointment 
They had 1 gin drink in the menu, the bartender couldn't make anything special for us, or recommend nothing at all, 
Food was -0 we got sick after having the smoked Salmon :(I always try to be nice, but It's gonna be hard for Blume. First, our service was terrible and we never saw our waitress. Second, they were out of nearly everything on the menu which was weird because we went at noon. Third, our food was disappointing. The plating, flavors, sides, etc. we're so bland and boring. Also there was a big hair in my grilled cheese. the decor is so cute but they need to focus more on the food! I'd go back and give them another chance but I'm kind of nervous.Wednesday was my first experience with Blume. It so happened to also be sips in center city, which if you've been to sips or just any happy hour in center city it could be a mad house. My friends and I were prepared knowing this, and we went early ahead of the 5 o clock start of sips. Blume was dead inside with only a handful of people scattered throughout the place. So we were fine finding a place to sit. I'm a picky drinker and like cocktails that don't give me a horrible aftertaste. So while everyone in my group easily found a drink from the menu I asked the bartender for suggestions. He was super helpful and made me a custom drink which was exactly what I liked. So as you are reading this you are probably wondering why this only got 2 stars and not 5. Well because this place was just okay. Not really good, great, or excellent. The inside wasn't as cool and lively like some reviews and others personal experiences have suggested. It truly reflected Instagram culture with being awesome on your feed but in real life a bit lack luster. The staff were friendly but some of the customers weren't helping Blume make a good impression. Even with a handful of people in there, some of people were so loud for no reason and being rude to others. We also didn't eat but that's because of poor reviews of the food. I wasn't willing to take a chance to try it out. Overall, Blume isn't amazing but it's okay in my book. The FOMO you may have towards this place, with its instagram potential honestly isn't worth it. I probably won't be coming back for the reason that there wasn't anything that wowed me or made me feel like I need to give it another try.I came here for restaurant week. It was a nice atmosphere and I can tell it's pretty popular ulnar because everYone stops outside to take a picTure of the huge butterfly on their winnow. Our server was attentive and professional. I ordered the purple rain, which was very good. The app was pretty good and the very easer salad. Problems occurred when I got my entree. I order the Braised Beef. It came with caramelized onions and mash potatoes. The beef was Luke warm and the mash potatoes were even less than warm. I got another servers  attention and asked could she heat it up for me. They brought my food back to my table and it was STILL less than warm. At this point I'm starving so I'm nibbling off of it. Our server comes back and asks was it hot the second time around. I tell her it's not warM at all and she says she's going to take it off. 
I thanked her and once the table was cleared off we got the bill. I see there was no deductions off so I asked her about it and she said "Oh, it wouldn't let me take it off. Sorry about that." I'm not in the restaurant business but I  don't know how you say you're going to reduce my bill  but don't AND not even acknowledge it and just put the bill on the table like it's nothing. It takes two seconds to say I know I mentioned this earlier but we can't do it. I'm sorry.The food here was so bad, we chose not to even order main courses after trying the appetizers.  The calamari and the gruyere sticks tasted like they had been soaked in grease.  The sauce for the gruyere sticks was ice cold, which was very offputting and the calamari was more batter than anything, and the sauce tasted like pure salt.  The restaurant is really pretty and the staff was friendly so we had high hopes but wow were we disappointed.So the look of the place is great but the food is just okay, nothing to brag about. Drinks are way over priced. Service is not the best and the hostess was rude and cold. Giving it 2 stars mainly for the look and potential this place has but you need to overhaul your drinks and costs and train the staff (especially that hostess) on better service.The service is slow. The food was mediocre. However, the decor is cute if you're into that.The atmosphere is fabulous! I would definitely recommend coming here for drinks- though expensive- and the loaded fries! Otherwise- I wouldn't order a meal here. My husband had the chicken satay and it was pink...my lobster flatbread was good, but salty. There are many other places in the city that I would recommend first.WORST BIRTHDAY SERVICE EVER!? 
For my 22nd birthday my friends and I went to Blume for brunch. Got there at 12 (right when they opened) but didn't get seated until 12:15 even though there was no one else in the restaurant. We ordered drinks and waited 20 minutes only to get carded a second time by the manager. Our drinks took nearly 40 minutes to make and came out after they had brought the food. When they finally came they were THE WRONG DRINKS. My friend had also ordered coffee to have before the brunch and that came out last. There were only two or three other tables getting waited on so I'm not sure what the mixup was. We left feeling disrespected and I would not recommend it to a friend.