I Came into town to visit and a buddy of mine wanted to eat here.  Food and atmosphere reminded me a bit of my year in Korea.  The chicken was amazing!!!!!!Finally!! Been stalking this place day-in-day-out relentlessly for the grand opening. bon chon is known for the chicken so get that before anything else.Bon Chon has decent food but it takes forever to come to your table. Each time we try to go, even when the restaurant is empty, it takes almost an hour to bring out our food (which is usually the Bon Chon Chicken and those are basically chicken fingers with a Korean flare). It is very frustrating so I suggest if you want any food here order it ahead and take out. I have a feeling that's why it takes so long when you're in the restaurant, they prioritize for the take out customers. 
As for the food, I do recommend the Bon Chon Chicken Strips. They are flavorful and not over breaded. They have a great spicy kimchi mayo for dipping the chicken so ask for that. BEWARE: the "spicy" flavor is obnoxiously spicy. I don't mind but many of my friends decided not to eat it after a poor choice in flavor bc it was too intense for them.I lived in Korea for 2 hours and feel pretty confident in the accuracy of the following statements. 
- It's atmosphere is authentic. 
- The fried chicken is good but not 'addictive-good' as they claim. 
- They have Korean beers and soju cocktails. Which is enough to keep me coming back. 
- The bull dak is similar to one of my favorite Korean foods, dak galbi, but has made my butt sick both times after eating it. 
I hope they fix whatever cheap ingredients are effecting the bull dak because the taste is there it should just come with a warning sign.The food is great. The service is extremely slow. Every time we go here, it takes average 55min to get food out. Sometimes one hour. No joke. If they tell you beforehand, at least you put enough coins for parking. Go to Cafe Soho to get almost same quality chicken and much quicker serve.Chicken was good, some pieces were over cooked, but the annoying thing was that they charged $2 for extra raddish. Yes it's just an additional $2, but if I spend that much on XL chicken, and additional dish and appetizers for 2 people, you would think they would just give me extra raddish. Maybe I'm spoiled by Korean restaurants where they freely refill side dishes, but it just detracted from the experience.I friggin love this place! Their chicken wings are great, fried light and crispy each and every time! You get your choice of soy garlic, spicy or half and half.  Aside from wings you could also get drums or strips served the same way...aside from great Korean fried chicken they also serve other great Korean appetizers and main dishes.  Another favorite of mine are the potstickers and the shrimp shumai.  They have a fully stocked bar and also offer Korean beers and they also keep yamakazi 12 yr Japanese whisky in stock too.  They close at 2 am and also offer a late night menu and drink specials as well.  The look and feel of the restaurant is very modern, they have huge flat screen tv's all over that play different ball games as well as tons of K-pop music videos. The place is small so when it's crowded they fill up quickly, great place to hangout with friends and the staff are all friendly and pretty attractive tooMy girlfriends and I decided to come here as we were craving KFC. We all live in the city so insead of the usual Cafe Soho, we decided to come here for convenience. We were greeted and there was no wait for a Sunday evening. The place has two floors with a bar; modern/hip space. Happy Hour menu was definitely tempting but we missed it and decided to just order from the regular menu.
We got a carafe of lychee soju - disappointed that we mostly just tasted juice. Takoyaki were good but nothing special. We ordered half & half of the spicy and soy wings. Although the wings were not greasy, crispy and meatier than Cafe Soho's, they were less flavorful. The food didn't take long to come out, unlike Cafe Soho. I would come back for convenience and speedy service but most definitely prefer the flavors of the wings at Soho.Came here around 11pm on a Saturday night and got seated pretty quickly. Staff was really nice and quick. We ordered the medium combo of drums and wings, salmon ball, and kimchi. All were spectacular! We did a spicy/ honey garlic on the wings...the spicy was definitely spicy! Be careful! Would totally recommend this place. I love that they're open until 2am as well, the perfect place to end the night!I got the spicy chicken bibimbap bowl and it was decent. The fried dumplings though are fantastic! Would def order again. The dumplings were coated with the same glaze as the wings!The chicken is hot, crunchy yet succulent and the drinks are awesome. Service is also fast. Get the pickled radishes they compliment the chicken well.I heard great things about this place, but I am not a fan. You can get either a spicy or a soy garlic sauce on most things. I got the soy garlic and it was way too salty, almost the point where I couldn't finish my otherwise delicious food. My friends said the same thing of the sauce, and they got the sauce on another dish. The wait staff said they were not able to put it on the side.Have only ever been here for the chicken wings so I may be biased, however they are fantastic. Always crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I've heard people say the spicy is too much for them, while others complain it's not spicy enough. I always get soy garlic! This place never disappoints and is always consistent.Few years after its opening and I'm still happy about it's here in Chinatown. Sometimes the wings could take a little longer than usual to come out (aka gon be real fresh when it does) but oh well because they're delicious every single time.I came here with my mom a view days ago at lunch time. Was hoping for a good korean chicken wings which i got!
The place looked new and clean with 2 floors, not too big but not too small. It was not too crowd, maybe because we came on weekdays at 1pm. The waiter gave us water and menu directly when we sat.
We're orderer some spicy wings, chicken bimbimbab, and bulgogi. The food served in a hot plate, which i like. And all of them tasted great. The only reason why that i give 4 stars just because i was hoping for some side dishes which i usually got in korean restaurant. I only got kimchi as chicken wings companion. Overall, it was a great place to go, they have some beers and soju as wellEverything I ate here was fantastic, good service and a lovely atmosphere, Definitely coming back soonWent here Tuesday night with a couple friends and honestly service was great. They greeted us right away..BUT my only problem was where they seated us. They have a really mini table by the bathroom and also near the kitchen. Which I did not like because me? I am not a small person so I had trouble being careful and comfortable. I mean we were sitting under the stairs.. Yeah not so great for my first time there and I'm a girl who absolutely loves Korean food, music and culture. Also I heard more than one music which was a bit disturbing because it was from the kitchen and the main. Other than that food and service was great and my server was adorable so I had to tip her big lol all servers were friendly. Hopefully I'll get a better seat next time though.Their wings are sooo good! OMG will come back for more :) especially soy garlic to die for ! Great service friendly and nice environment ! Will come back for more wings on my day off and cool off with a nice martini :)Fried chicken is clutch and amazing. They opened a beer on accident, so I got an extra one for free, on the house! Great service and really nice. The salmon avocado ball (I think thats what it was called) was effing deliciousOnly ordered takeout so I'm not sure about the dining experience. I called in and ordered the large drumsticks to-go and that's about $33.95 for 15 drumsticks before tax. 
The order took about 20-25 minutes to make so I do suggest ordering ahead of time. The girls at the counter were nice and the fried chicken was as good as I would've expected them to be, considering I did drive an hour back to Jersey to eat them! 
Overall my experience was decent for what it was and would order again.Never had Korean fried chicken before I never even knew it existed and that stuff is crazy good this place is awesome the atmosphere is cool the staff friendly and the food perfect. I read some of the reviews and I guess because this was my first experience with this type of fried chicken I'm just overly impressed and I have nothing to compare it to but I do know good food I also know fresh food and this place has it .
The overall menu simple and appetizing but that fried chicken is crazy good a must tryThe battle of the KFC = Korean Fried Chicken.  
I made the mistake of coming here on a Friday night and waited over an hour for a table of 4.  You know what also sucks?  Having people come here in large parties when you know there are empty tables but obviously waiting on other parties to leave so they can make the seating arrangement for parties of 6+.  I do appreciate it when you can leave your name and they'll call you when the table is ready but when you have a mob of hangry people... it gets tough when you see empty tables reserved for people and you were waiting inside the whole time.  It's also a problem when the restaurant was not created with larger parties in mind since there's only so many tables to be seated at and a larger bar in the middle of the restaurant floor.  It was hard to get a drink at the bar since everyone seating barside was enjoying their meals to even wait to have a drink while waiting for your table.  The waiting area is minimal especially since it opened during the cold winter months when you dont want to wait outside but corral inside.
I waited for 1.15 hours until I saw an opening at the bar and since that area is first come first serve, we ran towards the seats.  I told the hostess that we'll be sitting here so it was fine.  At this time it was 9 pm when I arrived at 7:45 pm so my stomach was eating itself at this point.  It wasn't until another 20 minutes that someone called our phone saying the table was available but clearly we noted when we sat down?!
Bonchon has a variety of offerings aside from the fried chicken.  I had the ddukboki (very spicy, caution to everyone out there), the salmon (which was really good! full of flavor, variety of crunch and fresh), and fries (crispy and crunchy).  Don't be fooled I also ordered the chicken but by the time I finished all the other dishes, I was not hungry for the chicken since it was another 45 minutes until it arrived.  
I had Soho chicken so I had something to compare this against.  Bonchon's chicken is crispy but the meat itself was dry and the flavor doesn't go past the crunch of the skin.  I officially ate at 10 pm and asked for the check so I can make it to my next Friday night destination.  
I'll probably return to give it another shot a year from now but not going back any time soon.This place was amazing! By far the best food we had in Philly! We had the chicken strips (half and half). The spicy was seriously spicy and the garlic were unbelievable! Wish we would have ordered more. The udon was firm and so good, not mealy like most you get. Eat here. It's worth it.I love the wings here. Place was clean and nice. Service was kinda slow but overall the food is amazing good!A trendy chain restaurant with lots of wood with red seats. There's indoor/outdoor seating and an upstairs. The place in covered with TVs and screens playing K-pop which can be distracting. We sat upstairs and our server was friendly but mostly absent. 
The chicken strips were good overall, however some of the smaller pieces were tough. The spicy sauce was nice and went well with the pickled daikon radish side. The fries were great and came in a large paper cone. 
We also had the Pineapple Froju which was a mix of rice wine, fruit, and yogurt in a carafe. It came with tiny shot glasses for each person. It was okay, cold and frothy. But at $20 I don't know if I would order it again. 
Would definitely visit again for the wings and other dishes.Okay so food is good.  It's bonchon.  Yummy chicken, pretty good everything else. 
The low rating is basically for service.  I think my group waited like 45 minutes for our chicken and we didn't even order a lot.  No explanations or anything.  They legitimately forgot.  We asked our waitress finally and she goes "uhhhhh let me check......"  and finally brings our food like 10 minutes later. 
Seriously,  people are sitting, not eating, silent, and looking very unhappy and no one approaches us at all. The table next to us literally got three orders of chicken before we got one. 
Just unfortunate that service ruined my visit here...  Not sure if I'll frequent this bonchon location anymore.These are probably the best fried chicken wings i've ever had. I'm not a huge expert on Korean chicken wings but these are really delicious, well seasoned and always filling. The service is consistent and usually quick. Love this placeThe spicy wings are SPICY! Service was fine, our waiter came about 10 times to our table. The food took awhile to come out, but man was it tasty. Well worth the wait and the hype!I love the wings, tasty. I also ordered salmon avocado balls, not bad. The last I ordered is shrimp shumai, normal. From my point of view, I prefer wings, the space is not big enough but not too bad, the music quite loudly. To conclude, will come back for the wings.The fried chicken is great. But the Korean dishes are very mediocre. I hope the quality of the korean dishes can improve. much better Korean food in Utown, upper darby Hmart food court.Mikey is usually our server 
He's just the best 
My girlfriend is very huge about service and mike has exceeded her expectationsI'll get to the point. I've never enjoyed such crispy, flavorful chicken wings as those I ate at Bonchon. However, I was disappointed by the "Spicy" option. It must be the chronic sriracha use on my part, but they were simply sweet but lacked any "hotness". Nevertheless, I want them again.
Their french fries are excellent and worth combining with some wings, but I personally enjoy the play between kimchi and chicken wings. If you haven't had kimchi, definitely give it a try.
You really can't beat $8.95 for 8 wings with french fries for lunch every day.So Bonchon is my go to place for korean fried chicken wings whenever I feel that craving. I've eaten here a good amount of times with friends of mine. So the wings itself are pretty good but inconsistent with how they are made. To me, there are days where the wings are real crispy, juicy, and coated with the sauce, but other days, there would be feathers on the wings, or it wouldn't taste as juicy and strong like usual. Its not something that doesn't make me want to come back, because I still do go here whenever I want korean wings, but compared to Soho, I believe Soho makes the better wings. The interior of the place is small in my opinion. It gets filled up pretty easily at night, and people are often waiting to be seated. I've had experiences myself where my friends and I would have to wait (at night). If you're looking for some korean inspired wings in chinatown, Bonchon is the place to go to.I'm a huge fan of chicken wings and I also love Korean food. This place had my idea kind of wing. Nice and crunchy, lightly glazed with a bang of flavor. I got half soy garlic and half spicy. The spicy carried a big kick of hot, but it hurt soooo good. The soy garlic was my favorite flavor though. I love garlic (My apologies to potential single hot vampires who were interested) 
I'm from the Westcoast so I already missed the wings as I was eating them, but luckily I saw they have a location less than 2 hours away. I'm definitely down for the drive. 
This location is nestled in an alley like spot on Cherry ST. It's a perfect spot to eat wings and drink with friends and a plus if you're into Kpop. (Spoiler alert: I'm into Kpop) We parked at a nearby spot for 8 bucks. The lot was literally about a 6 min walk. And there's some tea and boba places near by too if your interested in a little after dinner drink.The wings were good. We got the medium combos with drums, takoyaki, and tteokbokki, and the amount was just right
The stair and the second floor was really slippery for some reason, however.Bonchon soy and garlic wings are my FAVORITE. I will definitely come here time and time again just for the wings.
However, I was disappointed to find that the menu lacked Korean soups, which are some of my favorite foods. There are less authentic Korean dishes on the menu and the Bonchon Philly location definitely seems to be Americanized, which is so odd because their menu differs a lot from the Boston Bonchon location, which is great.Got the bibimbap - great! 
bonchon fried chicken - also great! 
Will be back to get my korean fried chicken when I'm craving it! =]We used to live close to the Bonchon in Annandale (outside of DC), and I gotta say, despite the crappy service that we got in Annandale, the chicken was so much better there.
Bonchon is our go-to place for Korean food in Philly proper--this location has korean food (not just chicken and ramen, like the Annandale location), which is nice.  Their kimchi bokkeumbap (fried rice) is pretty good, and their bibimbap was fine.  I was sorely disappointed by the tteokbokki we got last time we were there, though.
But really, we go to Bonchon for the chicken, right?  Well, one time when we went, chicken was delicious, spicy and crispy and juicy and flavorful...and when I went back again, we got these completely un-sauced, not crispy chicken.  After we finished our food, we looked around, and realized we apparently just got a bad batch--everyone else's looked visibly better than the plate that we had gotten.  Minus points for inconsistency.
Ambience here is rather distracting, with sports games and kpop MV's on repeat...it's rather amusing, but can also detract from...you know, real conversation with your friends.We ordered a dozen soy garlic chicken tenders. The seasoning is tasty and the first bite sent me to the moon. But the chicken is actually very, very dry. I wish it came with more sauce or some other type of dipping sauce.
I liked the ambiance - modern and chic with red chairs and lots of tv's playing k-pop music videos. However, it is too expensive -- it's located in Philadelphia's Chinatown and charging NYC prices, like what?3.5 stars. I wanted to wait a little while after their grand opening to try it out because of the wait time. We were here early on a Friday evening (7pm) on a snowy day. There was a 30 minute wait. The food didn't take too long to come out -- about 30 minutes. When you walk in-- the bar is in the left and they also have seating upstairs. The restaurant doesn't look that big. Our group of 8 got seated downstairs in a semi-enclosed area which was nice. The decor is black, red, white with a modern look. 
Soy wings- the wings are really big. They were okay. They're not as flavorful as Soho in Cheltenham. 
Hot wings- I didn't have any but my friends liked them. Supposedly they're hotter than SoHo. 
Salmon Avocado Ball- it was good but it's more like a salmon cucumber ball. There was a lot of cucumber. I think there were like 3 tiny pieces of avocado in it. 
Tacoyaki- they're okay. Nothing special. 
Sliders- taste like a mini burger with spicy mayo which is what gives it the flavor. 
Seasoned fries- you'd like this if you like paramasean cheese. Fries were typical. 
Beer- $15 Sapporo pitcher specialI came here during the soft opening. I will not factor in how crowded it was or go into details about the long wait or the lack of seats in my review. All of that was somewhat expected. But It was still surprised at the overwhelming amount of people who came out. I have to give a big prop to the advertising that was done. I will review BonChon solely on their chicken, which to me tasted a lot like MSG and wasn't crispy at all. The double frying, I don't think was done. In the end, I still think Cafe Soho has the better wings. I didn't get a chance to try out other foods, but based on reviews from others I don't think I want to try them. Maybe I wait sometime for BonChon to settle down and focus on making their food good. Perhaps then I will return.It's very delicious. One shortage is the business is so occupied that you need to wait very long to get your food.I had a great experience today at Bonchon, I got the vegetable fried rice with tofu (see photo below) and I had a really friendly and amicable waiter named Zach. The hostess was also very sweet and helped me with directions, told me about the city, and spoke to me like a friend would. It was a really nice and welcoming environment. Chic too. Being from NY originally, I can tell when a lot of money has gone into making a restaurant come alive. This place felt alive and yet like a club. I highly recommend going here. The portions were very generous, the place was clean, and the people were nice. 
I could've done without the blasting provocative Korean music videos all around.The soy sause garlic chicken strips was okay, it was a bit too dry compared to the other times I ordered. The chicken katsu was pretty good, it was crispy. I love the atmosphere, great place to hang with a group of friends.Came here with a group of friends to see what the hype was about. When I came it was super crowded and there was a wait. I probably ended up waiting for a good 30mins before I was seated. My friends and I ordered 40 wings with half of them being spicy and the half was soy sauce favored. Double fried chicken wings take about 20-30 mins to make because of the double frying part, so it was an additional 40-50 mins of wait time before the food came.  I'll admit this place serves the best double fried wings in Chinatown. But I don't know if I'll be coming back any time soon due to the long wait time. They don't do take out orders through the phoneLove Bonchon but unfortunately this one is a major fail with the chicken itself, the servers are awesome and the ambiance plus the bulgogi bibimbap is really good, however they fell short of the fried chicken where Bonchon is famous for, it's nothing close to a korean fried chicken. I hope they read this and they fly to Los Angeles ( has the US largest korean community) and see what a real bonchon chicken tastes and look like.Bonchon chicken, is it comparable to SoHo Chicken in K-town Cheltonham? 
I love SoHo's chicken wings but its so dame far away. but i was very please that a replica is in chinatown. i had to go try it on my dinner date night with my boyfriend.
Staffing could use some improvement. They're all a bunch of high school asian kids that cant handle pressured arrises. i was told wait time was 10 mins, fine ill wait. 10 mins lead to 20 mins. my patiences had ran out. so i decided to talk to the hostess and ask her the ETA for my table. She looked at me, rolled her eyes and walked away. came back to me mins later telling me she doesn't know. what a lunatic. i noticed two seating available at the bar so we decided to eat here. menu was small. i ordered two different flavored chicken wings soy sauce and the spicy one. Wings were huge, larger that normal chicken drum sticks. they were Okay.... personally, i think the breading was a little think and over cooked. it took quiet a few bites till i could reach the actual chicken. 
is it comparable to soho's chicken? nah....Wings on point!
I have been waiting for a good asian style wing place to open in Chinatown for a while. Then Bonchon chicken came around and the food was absolutely great. I have to admit the line was a little long, but thats because I went on grand opening day. However, it was all worth it when my friends and I got our 40 wings. The wings were crips and flavored perfectly. Almost odered another 40. I loved the hot wings with the half and half option. They also had some kind of flattened takoyaki that was pretty great. 
The place had a unique appearance as well. There were TVs everywhere, which made it a great place to hangout and chow down on wings. The lighting was nice. This is honestly the place to be for game day. EAGLES! Did I mention the huge wall projector? There is a bar in the center and a second floor to the restaurant. The place will be amazing during the spring and summer.
The employees were genuinely nice as well. Our server was extremely friendly and took care of the table extremely well. With all these in the atmosphere of the restaurant, I can't wait to go again.I'll make a bold statement here: this may be the best fried chicken I've ever eaten. I favored the soy garlic flavoring over the spicy, but both seasonings are full of flavor! We stopped in on "Soju Sunday" which means $5 soju drinks and $15 carafes. The mango soju was really good if you like sweet drinks.
The atmosphere is very hip. Be prepared to spend a little more than you would at a typical wing spot, however. I'll definitely stick to the $9 lunch combo in the future.The fried chicken is great! We like to order both spicy and soy wings and drums to mix it up. However, it took nearly 45 minutes for our food to arrive (we ordered two large combo chicken platters for a larger group) and it's a bit of a noisier environment. If you're a sports fan, you're in luck - there is a TV for you to watch no matter what direction you're facing.Food was mediocre but our server Tommy was really attentive, and helpful with his recommendations.I liked the food at Bonchon. We started out with steak sliders which were legit.  The ribeye with the light crunchy slaw (it wasn't too sweet and overpowering) was an awesome pairing.  We had the salmon ball for an appetizer which was also tasty.  It was surprising because when it arrived at our table..it looked like there was way too much going on.  For our entrees we ordered the small order of half/half.  It was some kick ass fried chicken.  The wings were very crispy, and both sauced were very flavorful.  I would also like to note that they reheated very well.  The only major issue were the fruit flies.  I sat upstairs by the glass railing and I could see flies just chilling on the glass the entire night.  My husband also had to swat them away a few times which was gnarly and annoying.  I will be back because the food was slamming but they need to get rid of the flies.Better than American fried chicken hands down! The skin is so crispy! I'm not a spicy person so the spicy flavor was wayyyyy too much for me but my Korean friend was in love with the spice level. Don't be fooled by the "drumsticks" - these are not small drumsticks, they're more regular size! Which is great for a meat eater like me. Great place!This is an overdue one. But I came here with my friends once and the waitress was pretty rude. She also "accidentally" overcharged us. Now on to the chicken. The outside part of the chicken is great, but the inside has no flavor. It's like they boiled the chicken, then coated the outside part with some sticky sauce. The chicken skin is sorta crispy.Please check out our review on our youtube channel. Please hit the link below
https://youtu.be/LHF8IS7E5SII love that Bonchon is finally here in Philly.
The restaurant itself is located beside the Sleep inn hotel on Cherry St btw 10th and 11th st . Don't be deceived by the front entrance.  They are using the SIDE hotel entrance vestibule to help keep cold air from directly coming in the Restaurant.  Doesn't work to well but better than using the front door.
The chicken wings here are incredibly tasty, addictively so. I get the spicy and soy garlic variety sooo delicious. You can actually order drumsticks/legs here too. They are massive, so don't be fooled.
Other options on the menu include the Salmon Avocado ball (pan seared salmon w/ crab meat & avocado ), which is a satisfying but not too heavy meal.
Service was great, long wait for tables though probably because of opening week. Definitely coming back for more next week.My husband and I have been highly anticipating the opening of BonChon for a few months now. We finally got to try it on the day of the soft opening! It was absolutely delicious!  I loved the soy garlic wings! The japchae is a fave too. The ambiance is definitely of today's generation...trendy yet classic with the wooden style tables. They have an awesome full bar. The staff were all very friendly.  As with any soft opening for any new restaurant, of course, there were some minor hiccups. That's the purpose of a soft opening, people!..to test everything and then make improvements. There was some wait time for the food, but that was only because there were sooooo many customers, eating in and taking out! That's a great thing! Even with the wait, the staff were all so friendly to talk to, and there were so many HUGE screen TVs, including a ginormous projection screen, playing different programs to keep everyone entertained.  I will definitely be going again and bring everyone I know! I recommend everyone go eat at BonChon, even if there is a wait, it is totally worth it! Addicted!I was so excited they were coming to Philly (finally). Took the family for a late lunch on a sat and got seated immediately and food came out quickly. Took advantage of the happy hr drink special and lunch menu. Didn't bother to get anything else besides fried wings- half soy sauce and half spicy. So good. And with a side of radish. Just wish the space was bigger because I imagine the wait will suck at dinner time. But welcome to philly!So many things to like about this place!  We ordered five different entrées to share around the table and each one was absolutely terrific! Hard to pick a favorite, but the salmon ball would be it if we had to pick one.  But the real reason we came there was for Korean fried chicken. They have the crunch and the juiciness perfect!   That is what sets Korean fried chicken apart from any other fried chicken you will get anywhere.  The only reason I did not give them five stars was they only had two flavors available.  Hot and garlic soy.  Where's the sweet chili or the honey soy??  Frankly the spicy chicken was too hot for most of us at the table to enjoy. Over the top hot.  The soy garlic was not very flavorful.  I missed the sweet spicy treat I have come to expect from Korean fried chicken.
Bring on some more sauce options and I will be a fan for Life!The food here isn't bad. It's quite good actually. The service is what is horrible. Most of the waiters are spacey and don't seem attentive. They're nice, but appear to forget things very easily. Service is extremely slow and this includes take out. I waited 45 minutes for my order and it wasn't until I asked the hostess for a status on my order that she went to the back and came out with my food immediately. 
I don't recommend this place simply because the service is so off putting. It's extremely inconsistent and you never know what kind of experience you're going to get. I've had more disappointing visits than good ones.First time at this restaurant. It was very clean and had many TVs around so you won't miss anything no matter where you sat. I got the lunch special fried chicken and they were amazing and crispy. My friends and I even got complimentary French fries, and our waiter was always available when we needed him. Great food and service at a reasonable price. Definitely recommend it!My fiancé and I are big fans of BonChon and have been waiting for this place to open in Chinatown for quite some time. When I heard news that they were having a soft opening today, I hopped in the car and headed straight to Chinatown and told my fiancé to meet there!
Upon arriving at the location first, I was a bit confused on the entrance itself; you have to enter through the sliding doors of the adjacent Sleep Inn. Even with this design, I could still feel a cold draft throughout the dinner as I was seated in the corner along the windows/glass doors. They may want to consider adding a temporary second door just for the winter (if permitted by Sleep Inn?) with their logo to make it more identifiable.
The decor has a more modern look and k-pop music videos are blasting out of one of the television sets. Seating can become a bit cramped, as I was elbowed a few times by a group of 6 sitting behind me. At one point, another had leaned on my back for an awkward five seconds as if it was a restaurant version of the "moon-landing." I was like oh, hay now!
Being their soft opening, there was a limited menu of chicken and seasoned fries; I had wanted to try the Salmon avocado ball & bulgogi sliders, but I suppose that will have to wait until next time! I had arrived at 5:30PM and decided to start off with an order of the seasoned fries prior to my fiancé arriving. I later added an order of the half & half (soy garlic & hot sauce) medium combo (9 wings & 5 drumsticks).
It is now 6:00PM, and we had noticed that the adjacent table (seated 20 minutes after us) had received their order of fries when I had only one glass of water between the two of us. We flagged down a different waitress (because we had not seen our waitress since I received my one glass of water) and notified her of the situation & need for additional glass of water. Shortly after, out comes the bonchon and order of fries. We were informed that they were waiting on the chicken to come out together with the fries. This didn't seem to be an adequate explanation given fries are clearly listed as an appetizer and bonchon was the main course. 
Moving onto the actual food: the first thing we noticed was their unconventional implementation of actual drumsticks! I was not expecting full-sized drumsticks even though their menu had denoted such. We decided to tackle the soy garlic drumsticks first. For two people who were starving, we were not impressed. Because of its size, the flavor did not completely penetrate and was relatively mild when compared to Cafe Soho's soy garlic. Not only that, but for something that you were waiting on, the chicken should not come out luke-warm (which may have also contributed to the slightly soggy and chewy texture). The wings, being smaller, were a bit more flavorful but still lacked a crunch that I'd expect from being double-fried. Even the staple side dish of daikon radishes, which came out in a generous portion, was somewhat disappointing. Typically, it is served in a bowl with some liquid at the bottom, but in this case, it was served completely drained. The radishes were left lacking in tartness and became dry over the course of the dinner. The fries, however, held up its crunch/warmth throughout the dinner. (Quite possibly because that was actually what we were waiting for?)
It is now 6:20PM, and we finally receive a second glass of water. It came out in a Yeungling pint glass, so I'm assuming they ran out of regular glasses and it took some time to find a second glass to serve water in. This is where we meet our second and official waitress as she introduces herself. 
Overall, our initial experience was mediocre at best and pales in comparison to their counterpart restaurants in New York. With their grand opening being tomorrow, I hope they are able to make at least a few adjustments with both kitchen and wait staff. A majority of the staff seemed inexperienced and there were moments when my fiance noticed the waiters were just standing around staring at each other like it wasn't busy at all. I'll most likely return in a few months to see how the rest of the menu is and if the bonchon has improved; sticking only to the wings. Other than that, Cafe Soho may still be the place to go for bonchon even though it is a further drive for us.Horrible service. Rude bartenders. The current one overcharged me and gave me the most disgusted look when I tried to confirm the price. After all the good things I've heard, I am incredibly upset about the terrible service I had.Cool ambiance featuring KPop music. Enjoyed my order of Fried chicken strips. Service was fast & friendly.The wings are very tasty and reasonably priced. The ambiance is modern with giant tvs and a projector. Its especially good for game days. The other menus items are good too. The only problem I have with Bonchon is that they take quite a bit to get the food out. If youre okay with waiting then this place is easily 4-5 stars.I had came here with friends for a get together and it was a great atmosphere for us. The food was pretty good, the spicy chicken was spicier than I thought! Presentation was great and I would recommend this place to anyone!Never had korean fried chicken so what great way to try it at this newly opened restaurant at chinatown.  
First time I came here I was very disappointed because i didn't expect a restaurant  would open at 5 in the evening. I had to try again.  My friend and I had dinner here right after we got off work and thankfully we didn't go any later because the place got packed really fast. In fact on our way out, there was a line forming waiting to be seated. 
As we were seated, our waitress recommended we ordered the fried chicken first since it would take about 30 mins. My friend and I got the half soy garlic and hot drumsticks and wings. We also got calamari  and bulgogi bibimbap. The calamari was delicious, very different taste from the calamaris I've had. It was more like the asian  take of calamari which tasted like it was marinated in soy garlic sauce very similar to the fried chicken. It didn't come with marinara sauce it just had its own sauce that it didn't require the marinara.  The double fried chicken was crunchy, tasty and moist. The bulgogi bibimbap was ok. The flavor wasn't all there not very authentic. 
The place isn't that big although they did have a second level seating. It also had about 5 TV that played korean pop videos. 
Overall I liked the the fried chicken and calamari. I would come back here for more chicken.Chicken is dryer than Caitlyn Jenners vagina. Put some sauce on it people. First time I went here it was really good, but every time since it seems to decline a little more.This review is only for take-out, have not dined in yet. We've had our first taste of Bonchon at Turntable in New York City 2 years ago, and we have been hooked ever since. I've dreamed of this double-fried chicken! So while visiting my sister in Philadelphia, she mentioned Bonchon. It's not as good as NYC, but its definitely comparable. We usually get half soy garlic and half spicy.  The spicy level is perfect for me, and its light and airy, and flavorful. My only complaint would be the estimated wait/one time. Both times we picked up, we had to wait an additional 20-30 minutes after the promise time. Luckily, there's a bar so you can grab a drink while you wait.How in God's name does this place have as high a rating as it does?  This is the McDonald's of Korean food.  The only good thing about this place is the K-pop and the sports on the TV.  The food sucks, the service is weak and the ambiance is like Chipotle.This place has a lot of potential but unfortunately I rarely go and won't be returning due to the extremely long time it takes to receive food. It doesn't seem to matter if I try to dine in or order it to go, it takes an unnecessarily long time. In addition to the long time it takes to get your food, the service is terrible if you're dining in. I enjoy the soy garlic chicken and the fries. They are both very good, but unfortunately I don't go here anymore due to the wait and the service. Price wise, the lunch special used to be a decent deal but they've raised their prices and are now changing additional for fries. I've gone with a couple of friends at lunch before and it took well over an hour and we didn't even receive our food in time to eat there and had to make them box our food up so we eat it on the go because we had to return to work. They claim it's because they make everything to-order but it's unacceptable to me and there's no way it takes that long. I don't foresee myself returning here anytime soon.I'm from MA so I have been to BonChons that operate like well oiled machines. I have never waited more than 10 mins for my 20 half n half wings. (I order this at every location.) I am a BonChon freak and used to go to one every weekend.
Here we waited 40 mins to an hour for our food to come out. Our fantastic waiter Mikey T forewarned us, so we understood. This place is new. It was delicious! Try the kimchi coleslaw with your wings.
The spicy is not as spicy as the other locations I have been to at all, so I knocked off a star. That and the nonstop kpop playing from all angles and on all screens made me a little woozy.  (I still have some side effects.)I love coming here! The chicken has gotten MUCH better since they opened. It's the perfect texture. You won't be disappointed. The fries and bibumbop is awesome too. The music videos they play is always exciting to watch because they seem always to have a fresh playlist and I watched many videos for the first time here. To make comparison of chicken with cafe soho, I choose Bon Chon! They also play America music too, unlike cafe soho.
You won't be disappointed!FIY: Their happy hour prices are amazing and definitely take advantage of the daikon they serve with their chicken. Forget the actual drumsticks option they have and go straight for the wings because you'll end up getting these wings that are basically like mini drumsticks.
Fried chicken + K-pop = my happy place.
And every time my friends and I need to celebrate some occasion, we turn to Bon Chon as our go to place.
WHAT I GOT: Soy garlic fried chicken wings. How many depends on who I'm with.
PROS: Nice, casual laid back atmosphere. The bar is on the first floor with some seating areas, but most of the seating is on the second floor. There's large screens everywhere, showing sports on some and a selection of K-pop music video on the others. Every time I go, you'll more than likely see me sitting there with chicken wings in my hand, jamming out to every other song that comes on. If you hear "THIS IS MY JAM!", it's probably me. I'm a K-pop fangirl and proud. But I digress. The chicken, being the main reason for coming to this place, is fantastic in every aspect. I always get the soy garlic wings since I'm not much of a spicy eater, but these wings do not disappoint. Each order has consistently crispy skin, tender, juicy meat, and excellent flavor. The daikon they serve with the chicken is a must have to lighten the heavy fried chicken load and to act as a palate cleanser during those rare moments you resurface from the chicken. Happy hour prices on their beers are dirt cheap. It's honestly amazing. I highly recommend going then.
CONS: The noise level is a little on the loud side and I'm not sure if this place is the most kid friendly seeing how the bar is literally smack dab in the middle of the floor. There's only one bathroom and it's pretty grimy. They do give a moist towelette with the chicken but it's only really enough to clean your hands after everything is finished. And the amount of paper towels you get also depends on your waiter and how generous they're feeling.Bonchon in Chinatown is always a long wait. They don't do reservations or walk ins, but the food is decent. Definitely overhyped but still worth the wait because the food is good everytime. I like to get half and half (soy garlic and spicy) wings and seasoned fries with Sapporo! Besides wings, either the bulgogi dish or korean tacos or pork bao buns is delish!It's just so good. Chicken is amazing, Bibimbop is great, bulgogi is great, everything is great :). Just wish they delivered or there were more stores because I don't get to this area enough!First time ordering wings from here and they were great. I was making a quick stop by Chinatown on my way back from Phla int'l and remembered that this place opened up not too long ago. The wings are a bit pricey, $12 for 10 wings, but we're very tasty. I ordered the half garlic soy and half hot flavors. Was not expecting the spicy flavor to be as hot as it was- my mouth was on fire for a long time after eating them! So be prepared for some extreme spice- if you're into that! If not, just stick to the garlic soy, which was still really tasty and I enjoyed it very much. Next time I would definitely order the garlic soy. I think Bon Chon could see more business if they expanded their flavors, or maybe create different levels of spice and have a milder version of their  spicy flavor. Overall my take out experience was good, it was Saturday night and didn't seem as if the place was extremely busy, as I had gotten my order within 10 minutes. The atmosphere during the night seemed very clubby with the loud music and there were quite a few people sitting at the bar on the lower level. Seemed like it would be a good social place to grab drinks and food later in the evening with friends. Definitely enjoyed the wings and will be back again possibly for a dine in meal.Love this place. My first experience was at their NYC location and enjoyed it.  I ordered take out so I cannot comment on my dining experience at this Philadelphia location.  I love their soy garlic wings! So crispy and delish.  I also ordered their bulgogi sliders.  You get three per order and it hits the spot.  We also ordered their Udon noodles soup.  The fiance and I both enjoyed. The right amount of liquid, vegetables and noodles.Bonchon has some of the best fried chicken in Philly, and I'm pretty picky about how this dish is made. The chicken wings are double-fried coated with a sweet soy glaze or the spicy glaze depending on your preference. The other Korean entrees are not that great and the alcohol is expensive, so I would just recommend coming here for the wings. There are not that many seats in the restaurant, so be wary of peak dinner hours and weekends when the wait can be 20-30 mins long. If you do not like long waits or loud K-pop music blasting, I would recommend ordering take-out.Try this place !! The soy garlic chicken is delicious ! Was introduced to this place by a gf and ordered the small wing & legs combo with steamed rice. I was thoroughly pleased.
I'd never had Korean fried chicken and I am certainly a fan. So much so that I saved a few pieces for my fiancé to taste the first time I was here and I brought him back here last weekend for dinner. We ordered the large wing platter and pork buns and had plenty of leftovers. 
Service was friendly and the atmosphere was nice. My only complaint is we barely has enough space on our table for all the food we ate. 
Try here