Re-posting from my review on the Quaker City Coffee Page: It has changed ownership and is now Bower Cafe. Great service - super nice owner, an all around great spot. Iced coffee is awesome and so are the chocolate chip cookies. Perfect place to get work done- great WiFi and lots of outlets. I came across this place 4 days ago and have already been back. Highly recommend!Love this spot! Their coffee is delicious and they spin out perfect microfoam every time. The place is well designed and has a bright, cozy atmosphere...great to hang out and get some work done. Attention to detail is clear in both the drinks and the environment. They also sell artisan cured meats! 
A much needed addition to a great neighborhood!Really nice coffee shop with cool vibes, good (low key) music, friendly barista. Coffee is tasty and the environment is great de studying with plenty of room.If you want to check out international grounds and international art, this is the place to go. It's a medium-sized coffee shop that always has a free chair.  Quiet enough to work but lively enough to bring a friend and grab lunch. Get the toast.Awesome new coffee shop!! So cozy/homey and beautiful inside. I just got something to go but would love to come back to do work or meet a friend for breakfast. Great cured meats and coffee, and several breakfast items on the menu. Also the owner was super nice!! Would definitely recommend checking it out :)First let me say that the place has a nice ambiance and a cool vibe going for it. Music was awesome but the positives stop there. I am a student at jeff and stopped in to check the place out. I was hungry and when I saw the menu I was excited to try the toast with the cherry/plum bruschetta and a honey drizzle. I can't remember the name of the toast but the cherry plum bruschetta  and sweet honey drizzle sold me. It was pricey but considering it was also topped with quality Italian cured meat made me go ahead and give this $11.00 toast a try. Then I waited and waited and waited and 20 mins later the toast was finally done. I was told by the gentleman working there that he hooked me up several times. I'm not sure how. I waited patiently for 20 mins to be utterly disappointed. I ended up with a piece of toast with no cherry plum bruschetta and if there was a honey drizzle, I couldn't taste it. It was a piece of toast with cherry tomatoes, green onions, parsley and hard boiled egg. Nothing like what I ordered. I ate it because it was $11.00 and I had no other option but it was definitely not what I ordered. There was no mention of green onion or hard boiled egg on the menu. I expected a marriage between the salty Italian cured meat and the sweetness of the cherry plum bruschetta and honey drizzle. What I got was a heaping pile of confusion. Completely underwhelmed and won't be going back.Fantastic coffee. Great bagels. Chill vibes. The
Music is always on point. I go to work, to chill or to just grab a cup on the run.Huge fan of the way this place has been upgraded since the new management bought the building. Great coffee at a great price. The decor and vibe are also wonderful. 
Would recommend to anyone looking for a good meeting location or study spot.Came here after another cafe I intended to go was full. The toast was delicious and the environment was great to focus to get some work done. It was a cozy and tranquil environment to work in. Really glad I stopped by today.The sandwiches were great! The cafe space is bigger than expected. If you want to fine a good place to chill out or study with friends, definitely recommend this place!!Bower is truly the best cafe around! The toasts offer here are a novel take on cafe fare. The ingredients are fresh and delicious and the toasts are lovingly prepared by the owner/operator, Thaine. The coffee is exceptional and so are the vibes. Great music, plenty of plugs, and a friendly atmosphere make this cafe a work day staple. 
p.s. my personal favorite toast is the pop. Not to be missed!Breakfast was fantastic! Very fresh and amazing flavors! Owner was extremely pleasant! Would totally recommend this small but very quaint cafe. It's a MUST try.The coffee is great and the toasts sound simple but are so tasty. The cured meats are really of phenomenal quality. Also the owner is friendly and seems chill, which makes the atmosphere relaxing.A perfect place to grab whatever cafe item you are craving with guaranteed satisfaction. Lovely interior design, a great place to post up, and such kind management on top of that. 10/10 reco.This is such a great addition to Philly's cafe scene! I've been here twice so far and I love it. The owner made me "the Pop" which is a carefully prepared toast with artisanal meat of your choice. As he meticulously prepared it he told me it was looking like a garden on a piece of bread and it definitely did! It was piled generously high with fresh sautéed kale and mushrooms. The flavor was incredible, something about how the meat and mustard harmonized with the sautéed veggies was magical. The drip coffee here is solid too, not at all bitter. 
I went back a week later and got "the Lewey" which included poached apples and cranberries atop meat of your choice. I love that the meats are carefully selected and crafted locally. 
I haven't gotten much by way of specialty coffee drinks here but I'm really floored by the concept of super fancy/tasty open faced sandwiches at a cafe! 
Environment was super nice, the place has lots of seating and is really cozy even when it's an absurdly cold day. I will be back often!This is by far the best place in Philadelphia to drink coffee and study and eat. The vibe is great, the location is close to Jefferson, and the quality of the coffee/food is incredible. I also really appreciate the welcoming atmosphere that the owner and his staff create by being so friendly and warm.Another transformation for this location! This place used to be Bodhi coffee, and while the space is similarly utilized, Bower Cafe has come in with a new and unique ambiance.
I happened to be in the area with a little extra time to spare and stumbled upon Bower Cafe. I've always liked the space, but I think I appreciate the decor even more than its predecessor, with picture hangings on the walls of middle eastern landscapes and people. 
It was way too hot when I visited to buy a hot drink, so I opted for one of the sparkling fruit drinks in the fridge instead, but it seems like a promising spot for future visits!Our friends took us here for breakfast, and the place is immediately inviting with splashes of color, comfortable with an extra room tucked away towards the side, and appealing with several choices of toasts. The owner selects cured meats  to combine with fruit and interesting spreads derived from yogurt and honey. You are bound to find an option that you will like! Mine had peaches, yogurt spread, and a type of cured ham (it was tasty although the peaches weren't quite ripe). My friend selected an equally-tasty choice that came with egg, fresh tomatoes, cheese, prosciutto, and a light vinaigrette. We were super full but made sure to try the waffle for good measure! Yum. The odd thing is even though there are several coffee options, there isn't decaf. Cozy place to hang or work on a laptop.Lovely spot! Coffee is good, the owner is very welcoming and while I didn't have time to get some, their cured meats looked delicious! Will definitely come backWe went here for breakfast when we were staying in the neighborhood, and it was fantastic! The mochas were sweet and tasty, the Les and Mikey toasts were delicious, and the owner was helpful and nice to talk to. I knew it was going to be good when we saw "coffee and cured meats" in the window, and Bower didn't disappoint!LOUUURRRVEEEE this place. Stellar atmosphere with local artwork, vibey music, and biweekly Friday night events. Artisan toasts, affordable tonics, and cured meats. Everything is aesthetically pleasing from the moment you walk in the door (donuts/wallpaper/table details/toast). Very much looking forward to spring and lounging on the back patio with a matcha and my book.This is truly a Washington Square West gem and a cafe that is definitely a standout amongst the millions of cafes around the area.
Bower has an incredibly cute and cozy atmosphere - plenty of tables for sitting and doing work and even a little backyard area with a generally gorgeous aesthetic for instagrammable worthy photos.
You can walk in here expecting great service and incredible food.  The owner is incredibly friendly and the baristas I've interacted with have all also been just as courteous.  What really sets this cafe apart from others is that it serves cured meats on toasts in artisan-esque combinations. It's perfect for a little quaint brunch date or a treat yourself breakfast on the go to work.
The coffee is really incredible as well and they also have a selection of pastries.  The few times I've been here, I've had the Louie and the Sis and they are just amazing.  I feel super fortunate that I live near the cafe and definitely have this as a go-to spot the few times I do get coffee.  Please just do yourself a favor and check out this spot and spread the word for sure - this cafe deserves plenty of love.I need to frequent this place a lot more, it's just a bit too far from my office, unfortunately. The good news is that it's really close to my morning PATCO stop so I just need to plan ahead.
The barista was very helpful and answered a few of my questions and really tried hard to cater to my preferences.  I ended up choosing what looked like an interesting pastry which he said was filled with ham and cheese. I promptly forgot what it was called, but I put out a Facebook call to ask around and discovered it was called a boureka.  Wheee!  It was delicious!I feel bad leaving a poor review for a local cafe - but I really did not have a good experience. First, its hot in there. Like the small window AC is not enough to fill the space and all the fans just blow hot air around. I can only imagine how cold it is in the winter. I think its fine if you are running in and out but if you are planning to stay awhile with a laptop - its just uncomfortable. 
But what really bothered me was I asked if they made iced matcha lattes. I wish the barista had just said "No" or "I don't know how to make it" - but instead she said "Technically we don't, but I'm pretty sure I can do it". I paid $5.50 (which is ridiculous in itself) for essentially iced milk. It was so bad - I took 2 sips, sat in a hot room and left after 30 minutes when I was planning to stay for the afternoon. Unfortunately I won't be going back. No when its hot or cold outside anyway.I only stepped in and out of Bower Cafe to pick up a pastry, but it was enough time to experience the unbelievably warm service. Bower Cafe is a true small, local cafe and I am very happy to have discovered it!Good cold brew. The Bev was delicious. Fresh avocado and warm mozzarella with just the right spice from the radishes. Lots of options for meat-free. Friendly staff. Nice atmosphere. Will be back!The best coffee shop in the city, located a few blocks from Washington Square. They have the BEST breakfast toast and sandwich optionsThe affable, chill dude who runs this cafe is brilliantly executing a novel concept: coffee and cured meat. I like coffee, and I like meat, so I was intrigued from the get-go, bookmarking this place a couple months back. Last week, I got around to trying it and I was not disappointed. First time there, I got properly introduced to an oat milk that was not Oatly and I had my mind blown, 'cause it was just as good, especially in my latte.
Returned a second time for a delightful toast-and-latte kind of breakfast. The photos on here had me feeling inspired. I love avocado toast, but you won't find that here, and it's probably for the best. What you will find instead is very different: a menu of toasts loaded with cured meat, fruits, veggies, and sweet and savory accoutrements. I had a hard time picking. The owner showed me some beautiful photos on Insta to help me decide. Very kind of him!
I went with the Lewey. It was a great choice. Yogurt, poached apple, dried cranberry, honey, mint, and capicola (I think!). There was a ying and yang going on, sweet and savory. Great components that you wouldn't think to put together, yet it was perfectly harmonized. And it didn't drag me down, which I appreciated.
And I appreciate you, Bower Cafe! Great space with good vibes, comfy seats, and neat lighting -- and innovative, fun quick eats. I'll definitely be back to try more things and to sip more coffee...Small, very quaint shop with a hidden patio out back.  Serves La Colombe, pastries and charcuterie.  The guy (owner) behind the counter makes it even better, a warm, gracious and welcoming host.  Thumbs up!I got an iced latte and it was good. The inside is cute. Didn't try the meats but would be excited to in the future!Best avocado toast ever!  The shop is so pleasant - the atmosphere, the people and the food.  I had tried a breakfast sandwich a few days ago. The challah roll was fresh as were the eggs, cheese and bacon.  I returned today for lunch - the Bev.  Avocado, cheese and meat on sourdough toast.  As I waited indoors, the owner explained the source for the name, Bower.  It's a bird!  Perhaps that's why the shop feels as cozy as a nest.I dropped by here to meet a long time friend. I got the first toast that was listed on there because they had no more avocado. The toast was perfectly creamy from the sauce and salty from the cured meat. (I just let them use what meat was best.) I also really appreciated the bites of mushroom and kale that I had in between. The decor here is comfy, clean, and natural. There is a front, side, and back area for seating so you can definitely have your privacy for a chat or just to do work. I would definitely come back here to meet friends!Really cozy environment with good music, friendly baristas and delicious toasts!! And there's an outside patio :-)Bower Cafe is such a gem. Everything about this place is exceptional. The coffee, pastries, sandwiches, and service are all fantastic. The owner is so kind and you can tell he puts his whole self into the place. Cannot recommend this place enough!Black owned coffee shop 
Got up this morning wanting a good iced coffee and my daughter recommended Bower Cafe. Nice cafe with outdoor seating and a great menu. Coffee, pastries, and different cuts of cured meat. I got an iced coffee & blueberry danish, daughter #1 ordered an iced cappuccino and cinnamon roll, and daughter #2, who's 11 ordered an iced chai and a breakfast sandwich...bacon, egg, and cheese. The 11 year old likes to order fancy things, and then not like them, so I was a little skeptical of her liking the iced chai. Didn't take long for the gentleman to prepare our order, and we then we took a seat outside to enjoy after actually meeting the owner...very friendly young man! My daughter said her iced chai tastes like 'Cinnamon Toast Crunch' and thoroughly inspecting her sandwich to discover sliced radishes on it, she said 'I like it!!' And gave it a thumbs up!!! I made sure to let the young man behind the counter know they had a new fan!!5 star rating for the food.  3 star for service. The service wasn't great but don't let that stop you from visiting.  The salmon toast however was perfectly balanced using super fresh ingredients.Just came to get a hot drink but was welcomed so nicely! Best hot chocolate I've ever had.Looking for a coffee shop that was opened early, which very few were before 8 AM, I aimlessly walked into the Bower Cafe, as the intriguing blue colored  exterior captivated my attention. I just moved to the neighborhood and everything that the Bower Cafe and Thane, the owner, had to offer was exactly what a warm welcoming should be about. The cafe is full of personality, comfort and tells a story, mirroring Thane, who is down to earth, personable and engaged in conversation with me. Thane puts care and passion into delivering a full service experience for his customers, as his chai latte, breakfast sandwich, and olive oil cake has to offer. Each corner of the store cafe has character and purpose, from the breakfast work-like tables, to the growing marketplace and outdoor garden. The Bower Cafe is the epitome of authenticity and I feel so grateful to have a delicious and trusty local shop in my new neighborhood.A friend and I were visiting from California and staying around the corner from Bowers. This was our local coffee shop for a few days. The coffee, owner, and hospitality was 5/5. Such an adorable coffee shop that makes you feel at home. Highly recommend!!!Ran from my dorm into downtown Philly and decided to stop by this cafe for a quick work and email break. At first I thought there were only tables, but I discovered a cozy extension to the right. I like the brightly decorated interior. The pastel walls and pictures from India remind me of a condo by the beach. 
The guy at the cafe (who I think runs the cafe) explained that the photos were framed in old window panes, which was pretty cool.
The mocha that I ordered offered a smooth and rich taste. I could taste the slight bitterness of the cocoa and espresso with the subtle hint of sweetness. The Pop toast I ordered was also incredible. The sliced cured meat was like nothing I've had before, nuanced with spicy and slightly salty. The oil also seeped into the toast and when coupled with the kale and mushrooms, created a crunchy and savory meal. 
Great place with a nice working atmosphere. Will be back!Cute cafe with a back patio, lots of pastries and sandwiches, and even cured meats! Unique concept with some good, consistent lattes on deck. Liked the chocolate scone as well.Great coffee shop with a wide selection of drinks and food options. Very unique with a broad selection of cured meats and baked goods from across the Philadelphia area. A great option for brunch or takeout if one is in the Wash sq areaSuper cute cafe with really great service. They also have delicious pastries! I will certainly be back to try more baked goods in the future!Best service ever brought to you by: Ginssiyo 
Thank you so much for the delicious lattes and bagel creation!I love this little cafe - we have eaten here a few times and they always have a great selection of fresh pastries as well as cool merchandise and large selection of fresh deli meat.
I though it was kind of strange to have a coffee shop and deli combo but Bower Cafe makes it work. This time I got avocado toast with bacon. It had too much avocado for liking and the bacon was not well-done but that's on me for not asking. I really enjoyed it despite not meeting my usual specifications.
The coffee drinks are great and I will be back soon to see what they have in store!I am fully convinced that this man can do no wrong. After coming back for or five times just to have the breakfast sandwich and a coffee, thane (the owner) convinced me to try one of the open faced sandwiches. I got the Brett which combines smoked salmon and pickles on sourdough (trust me) and was blown away both by the presentation (even in the little takeaway boxes) and the taste. These are to die for and also a really solid amount of food for the cost which is always iffy in this part of town. Please do yourself a favor and check him out.LOVED THIS CAFE. A really niche, hole-in-the-wall cafe with a super comfortable and warm vibe. The seating area is very comfortable and I felt very relaxed for a day in catching up on tasks. Highly recommend for those who enjoy exploring the cafes in the area!Everything tasted good, but be ready with a backup order in case they are out of the food you want.The food is delicious!! The Brett was perfectly toasted with this incredible spread and smoked salmon. I will definitely be returning for more. The chef is an artist.At first glance it serves a very relaxing aura and that first step insides confirms it. The decor was dope, the walls decorated really cool and the names of both the sandwiches and drinks forces a yearn to read upon you. Everything on the menu is unique to say the least. Patrons ever so peacefully focused and tuned in to their machines. It seemed like a 2 (wo)man ran show and those that were behind the counter that day were the nicest. I love a good cafe, to come here and work? YES, to eat? BIG YEAH, drinks? It's a no for me.Went here for breakfast on Labor Day. The shop is cozy and well decorated; small, but lots of seating options, indoor and outdoor. Had the Bev with coppa (dry cured pork salami) at the owner's recommendation and was not disappointed. It was amazing! Beautiful produce on top with crispy toasted coppa and a creamy garlic aioli. Topped it off with a latte and a chocolate croissant pretzel pastry.This place is so conveniently located near Jefferson so it would be a good choice for the students to get some study time. It is usually quiet with few people in the store.
They have great pastries, especially croissants. The baristas have been good for many times I have visited.
Enough single seats including the outdoor seats in the backyard.Went here with a friend for breakfast and it was so tasty and such a nice vibe that we stayed for lunch and got some nice open face toast sandwiches. Loved the cured meats, many options but unfortunately not all are available all the time. They were very kind and gave us a sample to taste before we ordered. The toast came out delicious and beautifully presented as well, for an affordable price :)Easily one of my favorite places in Philly. The coffee is always good. Get their signature breakfast sandwich. You won't regret it. It is a perfect breakfast, lunch, or whenever meal. It is cooked perfectly each time. I don't know the magic they puree into the sauce, but I could drink it. 
I have had it twice. Once they had the break that it normally calls for and the other time they didn't but made it into an open-faced sandwich. Words cannot describe how much joy you have in visiting this place. The staff is friendly, the decor fits it, and it is just what a Philly business should be. It is quick, good, and a small shop.
Go. Run. Get that caffeine fix.Bower Cafe is by far my favorite stop in the morning on my way to work. Coffee and a warmed cinnamon roll are a perfect start to the day. Every one is incredibly nice. 100% recommend. Definitely my new morning routine!this place had the best breakfast sandwich i have ever had in my life. the ambiance in there was so chill and the customer service was great. do yourself a favor and order the breakfast sandwich!!!!!!