Having a great experience for dinner involves many things: Food, Service, Company, Ambiance etc... 
Looking at the Branzino Yelp's ratings it is all over the place from five to one stars. After my dinner last week, I understand why. The main gripe that people have is about SERVICE. However service comes from the top (management) and I believe this is where the problem comes from for Branzino. Every time I went I was never greeted in or out by a member of the management. 
Last week, our food was good to very good: The Branzino and the pork were 5 stars, the appetizers 3 and the dessert 4. The service was not bad at all and I will give it 4 stars - 
Where the restaurant failed was at the end. We were 3 couples and gave 3 credit cards to be divided equally (if not it is very difficult to do if based on what was consumed by each guest). The server told us that he could take only 2 credit cards - not 3 (management problem). What kind of reasoning is that??? They happily take 1 CC for 2 people, 2 CC for 4 BUT for more people they accept only 2 CC (some other reviews have complained about that). There is nothing like bad service or nonsense rules like this to spoil an evening that otherwise would have been a pleasant one.The portions were smaller than expected. However the dining environment was serene. And the food that was made with perfection. Taste wasn't disappointing but proportion was...My father gave it the highest praise he can give an eatery: I'll come here again. That's saying something if you know my dad. 
That said, I don't think any of you do. So...The food first. The salads were classic and good, not great. The soup was a seriously good butternut squash rendition. And then the pastas, well, they were light and sauced perfectly. Not too much meat, but enough to make the papparadelle dish hearty. And the venison was cooked to perfection, the meat itself was perfection -- almost chocolaty in its richness. A wonderful cut of meat. Dessert-wise, the tirimisu was a miss, and the chocolate mousse was rich and hit the spot for the boys at the table, but the fig gelato is the way to go. I ate half of my mom's entire plate...
The service was great, and the staff were truly accommodating. My dad asked for a combination of two dishes with a classic sauce that wasn't on the regular menu that night, and it wasn't even the mildest problem. Not bad for a first visit!This restaurant is reason enough to return to Philadelphia.  Food was great.  Everything, appetizers, pasta dishes, dessert, all excellent.  Great atmosphere.
The dining scene in New York City is more formal so I had to pleasantly adjust to the slightly less formal atmosphere that is Philadelphia.  From the moment I arrived in Philadelphia I noticed that the City is younger and just a little less formal (in a good way), I came to find it endearing.  I was a little surprised when the waiter addressed us as "Guys" rather than "Gentlemen," that would never happen in New York but I liked it.
The food was amazing, I loved the place.  BYOB, awesome.  This meal easily would have cost twice the amount in New York City, especially with such a nice wine.  I'm looking forward to returning...I would give it 5 stars for the food and 2 for the service. I had outstanding food at this Italian BYOB near Rittenhouse. Very fresh food especially the excellent seafood dishes and pastas. Great calamari and crab cake appetizers. All the main courses looked great and the red snapper special I had was darn good with warm soft polenta as a side. The desserts however were nothing special (you could find equivalent desserts at Costco). Portions were large for all courses. The service was atrocious even though the wait staff was nice and tried hard. It took over 15 minutes before we got our menues and then over 10 minutes after that before they even took our order. Water glasses were not refilled until we asked and we had to wait over a half hour between courses. The bottom line is you can get great food here if you are willing to wait for it.This is the 3rd time at this restaurant. The food is good, not great and had much better else where for the price but dining in the garden is why we go. We will not be going back though. Last time we were there we had an obnoxious waiter. We asked if we could have time before we ordered, he said yes then came back under 5 minutes. Our guest asked what was good on the appetizer side and he stated his two favorites but our guest did not hear him so she asked again. he snapped back I already told you. He pushed us to dine fast even though there were out door tables available all night and it was our friends birthday. When the check came we asked for change. He then came back and said that we only left $110 and the bill was $80.00. We were so irritated and felt so uncomfortable that we left the monies and said we would never go back. We live in Florida but have an apt in the city. This is on the no go list.Their front of the house processes need some significant improvement.  Six weeks prior to Mothers Day, my partner and I made reservations for brunch through OpenTable so we could treat his mother. Four days before Mothers Day, they canceled the reservation with no explanation.  When my partner called back, they re-booked us for our table only to call me a couple of hours later to say they'd be closed.The  back and forth was frustrating and time consuming and we had difficulty finding any reservations worth taking for Mothers Day brunch.  If they knew they would be closed, they never should have given us reservations twice.Went here with my boyfriend on a date night. We had a reservation and were seated immediately although we had a little trouble locating the hostess.
The restaurant was absolutely packed and little loud but we still were able talk without screaming. The crowd was a little older and did not approve of my tank top (woops).
We ordered the mozzarella and heirloom tomato appetizer and it was great as was my gnocchi and my boyfriends veal. The waitress was friendly and attentive and the check was reasonable. Will definitely return!There are a lot of nice aspects to Branzino, and some tasty bites.  My entree was not very good and that really overshadows the many enjoyable parts of  my dinning experience.
Sat outside early on a beautiful Saturday night.  The seating is very comfortable with cushioned wicker chairs.  The server was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  The other server was very attentive in filing our water glass.
Shared the grilled octopus and a small bowl of paperdelle. I really enjoyed both dishes, the pasta was especially good home made and cooked perfectly.
My issue was with my entree. The veal porterhouse which was the most expensive dish on the menu was lackluster at best.  Most of the chop was inedible gristle, and the center meat was fairly bland for veal. It was a workout to cut through to the tender parts, and was not wow'd when I got there. Seemed a waste to leave so much of a $38 chop on the plate, but I just couldn't chew or cut through it.
Branzino is a cool little spot, and they do a lot of things right. I would go back for some pasta, but I don't think I would be ordering a meat course any time soon.Not only was the food delicious, but the restaurant made special accommodations for our group of 12. Not only did we show up late, sadly our group of 12 dwindled to just seven. However, the wait staff didn't blink an eye. They treated us with the same care and courtesy that you'd expect from a five-star restaurant, despite the fact that our bill was essentially cut in half.
On top of that, the Caprese salad was one of the best I've ever had. Our server told us that the chef has a tomato connection, and he wasn't kidding! And the mozzarella practically melted in your mouth. The Branzino skin was perfectly crispy and seasoned - and the tiny pasta (reminiscent of Israeli couscous) mixed with the tomato/olive compote was a great balance of flavors.
The dessert potions were very generous and tasty, as was the cappuccino.I went for lunch and had a nice meal. The Food seemed carefully prepared and the I had a grilled calamari which was very tasty. The place was a bit pricey for lunch, ( it is near Rittenhouse though) but the food was of a good quality for the price. I would recommend it to others and will be back.A group of friends and myself went to Branzino a few weeks ago and it was a nice experience. Nothing over the top but a good meal. Went again last night for my friend's birthday dinner. We brought a birthday cake in and the waiter informed me that there was a $3.50 per plate fee for the birthday cake.  I honestly thought he was trying to be funny and cute but he was serious! This left a bad taste in my mouth for the remainder of the night...plus, the rolls that were as hard as river rocks didn't help the situation.  Obviously, birthday festivities are frowned upon in this establishment.A friend and i needed a night out and didnt have a res. They made room for us, kindly. The food was delicious, great portions and perfectly cooked. Amazingly kind staff and good prices.The calamari appetizer was amazing as well as their branzino. It's a bigger restaurant but friendly staff, very accommodating, and their restaurant week menu was their exact normal menu.I really like this place.  It can get a bit hectic during dinner, but is pretty slow during lunch.  They fixed up the place since I last visit, and I appreciate the cleaner look.  The food is good, I like the beef carpaccio and calamari, gnocci, and their salmon and branzino.  DO NOT go if you have a party over 4.Let's start with our arrival. My girlfriend and I arrived Saturday night, Valentine's day, for a 9;30 PM reservation. We both should've known we were about to enter a world of depression, when we entered the brightly lit restaurant to find every single table glance up at us, with a look that said "are you here to save me?" Since no one greeted us, aka a hostess, we proceeded to find one. That's when we stumbled upon the holding area, which looked like the DMV on a Saturday. Dozens of couples, frustrated, tired, and sober, all waiting for their tables. The host said they were running behind, but we could wait downstairs. Cut to us in a basement, with 5 other sober couples with no bar, and no hope in sight for getting our tables on time. It seriously felt like an episode of Hells Kitchen or some shit. A drunk girl came down the stairs (the benefit of BYOB), to use the bathroom. We knew exactly where those were cause we were standing 5 feet from them! After a few minutes we heard other couples talk about their 9 pm reservations and knew that ours, 9:30 PM, at this rate meant we weren't sitting down before 10:30 PM the earliest. So we ended up leaving, getting a refund on our sketchy $50 deposit, and walking into Alma De Cuba (which is amazing) where they were able to seat us by the bar. The night was saved, but I don't know why Branzino has anything about 1 star reviews. I get it, v day is a big night. Then don't overschedule, or at least be honest with people when they arrive and tell them we're sorry, but it's going to be close to a two hour wait. The fact that they don't have a bar for people to kill time doesn't help either.Extremely disappointed. The tasteless beef ragout they serve as Bolognese has absolutely nothing to do with the real thing. I many friends from Italy who cooked this dish for me before, all with slight variations, but all 5* compared to what they served. 
Talking about the service, it was virtually non-existent. I took them ~30 mins to give us some water and menus. The waiter apologized that he was not our waiter, but then more or less served us during the evening. The he insisted I that I ordered the salad he served me and only after checking with the head waiter he brought me the salad I actually ordered.I saw some positive reviews for this place, but all I can say is that the people who love the food here are either friends of the owners, the owners themselves, or are people with no experience in eating 'fine dining' Italian. My shrimp and scallops were so over cooked they were actually chewy and difficult to eat. My friend ordered a walnut and apple salad with onion which was largely ALL onion, about 1 slice of apple and a single walnut (not kidding). My chocolate mouse dessert was frozen in the center - so clearly not made fresh. 
The service was horrible - we had to keep getting up and finding our wine bottle and pouring it ourselves, we had to ask for bread for the table initially (which took them 10 minutes to bring), we'd ask for water refills and they'd only do 1/2 of the table. The restaurant doesn't even seem finished - open gang boxes in the walls and ceilings with wires poking out, no sprinkler system (how it ever got approved to open is beyond me), tables set-up at the bottom of the main stair case leaving like 16 inches of room to up and down the steps, and the bathrooms - OMG. The 'closet' with the toilet in it (inside what they call the bathroom) has the door opening inward so you have to straddle the toilet to open the door and get out. There were jars of wood putty, tubes of caulk and cleaning supplies on the sink. And this was during restaurant week - you would think they'd have made more of an effort. 
They squeezed 8 of us around a 4 top (kid you not and we weren't a walk-in), the staff were rude and had the attitude they were doing us a favor, not the other way around. Bad, bad, bad.
Oh, and there were protestors about the owner out front which made it fun too!Went here with my family on a recent Saturday night.  Made reservations on Opentable and we were seated as soon as we arrived.  I had no idea that Branzino was so big inside!! It is really nice inside.  
We got the restaurant week menu, which we were happily surprised to find out that, unlike most other restaurants who participate, it was not a limited menu - we were able to order whatever we wanted off of the whole menu!
Appetizers - we got the buffalo mozzarella and a few got the caesar salad.  I didn't have the salad, but my mom and her boyfriend were pleased with it.  I enjoyed the buffalo mozzarella - I've had better, but it was definitely good.  Oh, the bread and olive oil concoction that they give the table is delicious, too!!
Entrees (I don't remember the actual Italian names from the menu!): Squash Ravioli - VERY light, delicious, but a little on the small side; Bowtie pasta wtih Shrimp & Crabmeat - my mom got this, she loved it...I tasted it, the shrimp were amazing and the sauce was perfect, YUM!; Green & White Fettucine with Shrimp, Crabmeat, & Sundried tomatoes - I got this, the fettucine was super thin, light...not at all heavy like you would expect it to be - very good!; Gnocchi - my picky eater of a brother got the gnocchi, he liked it, but like the squash ravioli, it really wasn't a good size portion - he was still hungry!; Breaded Veal  - my mom's bf got this, he liked it, that's all he really said : )  
The tiramisu was OK, but the chocolate mousse cake was divine.  It was the perfect marriage of rich and light.  I am so not a dessert person, but this was delish!!
The only bad thing that I can say is that the bathroom was located in the front room - right next to a table of diners....it was really awkward and weird, and I hated it!  The hostess later explained that their bathrooms were under renovation and are actually located in a different (more private) spot!I would rate this about 2.5 stars.  The food was just ok.  My pasta came out cold and the cheese placed on top was ice cold - no chance that it was going to melt into the pasta.  My dessert came out melted.
While this was restaurant week and was cheap-ish, isn't the point to encourage me to come back?  There is no way I am coming back.  I only went because my friends wanted to go.Bring back the old menu!! I had been to Branzino perhaps 25 times since it opened and absolutely loved it! Especially the garlic shrimp and scallops on arugula and the lamb shank. Who didn't love the lamb shank. Late July visit, the menu was so limited! The octupus appetizer portion was very small, couldn't find anything on the new limited menu that sparked a real interest (didn't feel like Branzino that nite) so ordered the steak which was meh! My friend's veal tonnato...was not. It will be a while before I am back to what was one of my former favorite restaurants.We went to Branzino for Valentine's dinner (after Bella Cena totally screwed us over, which I am now super thankful for!).  It was a great experience and we will definitely be back before we leave Philly.  They had a prie fixe menu, four courses for $55 and also a regular menu where you could order the normal stuff or the prie fixe stuff a la cart.  We decided that four courses was a bit much (an app, a pasta dish, a main dish, and a dessert?!) so we went with an app each, a main dish, and split a dessert.  I have a soft spot for raw tuna so I got the tuna carpacchio which was pretty amazing (and had a small salad on top so it was like two apps in one!).  The boyfriend got the roasted baby beet salad (we've been eating beets like there's no tomorrow lately) which had candied walnuts and was super tasty.  
For my main dish I got the special pan seared sea bass and it was AMAZING.  Melt in my mouth good and so light.  YUM.  I would go back just for this dish over and over.  Boyfriend got the venison which he really liked, I tried it and definitely preferred my bass :)  Dessert was mascarpone cheesecake which was small but tasty.  
Our server was attentive but not annoying and she kept filling up my wine glass before it was even empty (boyfriend doesn't drink so I had a whole bottle to myself, which I didn't finish, I swear!).Absolutely amazing. We ordered almost everything on the menu and nothing disappointed. I am usually a steak-lover over seafood, but the branzino dish here upped my admiration for fish. Very yummy! It's BYOB so we were able to get a ton of food without killing our bill with alcohol. A must visit.Had dinner at this wonderful BYOB this past weekend.  Was pleasantly surprised, since I had read mixed reviews, but the four of us defintely enjoyed our meals.  I like that you can order a pasta dish for an appetizer and the price is just $12 - we tried the squid died pasta with scallops/shrimp and it was delicious.  Someone had a salad, and the fig and prosciutto which they thoroughly devoured.  My husband ordered the stuffed pork chop and it was amazing - cooked to perfection - friends ordered pasta dishes, and since I was at
Branzino's, I had to go with this delicous fish filleted  perfectly tableside, which was recommended by our charming server with the lovely accent...Desserts were just okay, but all in all, a very enjoyable meal in a beautiful dining room.  We will visit again...Byob!! Food and outside seating area was great. Make sure you plan a time for a long dinner. Also they were weird about payment- only wanted us to pay with two cards.
Went for restaurant week and definitely enjoyed ourselves. Had the capersse salad and gnocchi, which both were delicious. We sat outside where there were several tables on a closed in patio with flowers. The inside was very nice and definitely on the fancier side.Had reservations at branzino over the weekend for four people. After we ordered it took one hour just to get our two pasta appetizers and another 45 minutes to receive our entrees. We asked our server several times to check on our food and got no response. We approached a manager and never once did she apologize. She actually suggested it was our fault for not approaching her sooner about the matter. By the time we got the entrees our entire party just wanted to get out of here. The manager never checked back with us on how our entrees were and nothing was taken off the bill.
The food is not that great and overpriced. The best item on the menu was the rabbit ragu. Excellent byob options down the street. We will not be returning to Branzino.This place is so good!!
A bunch of friends and I (about 12 of us) went here during restaurant week this past fall. None of us were disappointed! Service was very quick for such a large group. Our waitress was so sweet! The portions were very good considering it was restaurant week and most places cut down on portion size! The variety on the menu was nice.
I felt like I was in Italy - It is small and has an Italian decor. Definitely get reservations ahead of time!!It's unfortunate, but this place was the kind of spot your parents would have liked in the seventies when eating out was more about the decor and ambiance than about the food.  The food was not bad, it was just unimaginative and felt like the creation of a talented amateur rather than a professional.  Given how amazing the restaurant scene is in Philly, there are many better places to spend this kind of money ($60 pp for salad, half-pasta and entree).I chose Branzino for my group of 8 after a Philly Pops show.  It was easy to make a reservation on open table, and it's 3 blocks from the Kimmel Center.  I really enjoyed my fettuccine and mozzarella and tomato app.  My mom order the hen, and it was very under cooked.  She told the waitress and it was put back in the oven.  It came back and looked better, but as she was eating, the middle still wasn't done.  She requested that they take it off the bill, which they did without any problems, but she ended up getting sick the next day.  I absolutely appreciated the service, but they really shouldn't be serving un-cooked chicken, so watch for that.I really enjoyed Branzino...I was in Philly for a weekend and it was a great BYOB to try...the food was really good...the Mussels were to die for, the service was too....The place is small but relative to most byob in Philly it wasn't bad....they had two rooms...the one I was in had murals that gave the feeling of dept, so the place felt larger...I didn't give it a 5 stars because I need to go to a place more than once to rate it the highest....the 5th star is for consistency.A formal setting -- but the type that means floral-print cushions and and a stodgier, more old-world feeling.
The beef carpaccio was delicious.
My squash ravioli was tasty as well, but the texture didn't feel as fresh as it could have been.
Yay for BYO!!Went here with my boyfriend for Philadelphia Restaurant Week on a Sunday night. The atmosphere is meant to feel homey but still nice. We ordered a Caesar Salad and Carpaccio with Crab Ravioli and Tiramisu. The service throughout dinner was fine.
There are a few reasons for the two stars. The simplest thing we could have ordered, the Caesar salad, was completely botched - old lettuce, drenched in dressing, soggy croutons. It had obviously been made in a huge vat and served throughout the entirety of the day to any unfortunate soul who ordered it. We also found a shell in our crab ravioli during our main course. For the the price and food, we will not be coming back. There are better restaurants to go to for dinner during Restaurant Week.A decent BYO in Rittenhouse/Center City.  
I went during on a Monday Evening and had no problem getting in - it was pretty empty.  
I had the ceasar salad, the gnocchi and the chocolate/hazelnut cake.  
The salad tasted good, but the lettuce leaves were noticeably older, a little wilted and brown.  
The gnocchi was average, just bland.  
The cake was really delicious, the best part of the meal.  
Service was good, and the ambiance was a little fancier.  I was in jeans and didn't feel uncomfortable but it was a nicer feel.Charming BYOB just off Rittenhouse with an excellent wait staff. I enjoy when your water glass is always refilled .Apps and entries were delicious and of course we overate  by ordering tasty desserts. I will go back to enjoy another enjoyable evening at Branzino'sI had a great experience dining here for the first time on Friday night with my boyfriend and another couple. The service was impeccable and the food was delicious. I would definitely recommend the mussels and the gnocchi sorrento (homemade gnocchi in red sauce topped with fresh mozz). It's BYOB and accepts credit cards which seems to be a rare combination. I will definitely be going back.One of the worst dining experiences in recent memory.  The food is fine but, unfortunately, that's where it begins and ends.  We were seated in a front room with a table of seven semi-inebriated cackling "young ladies".  The other room had two large parties; why weren't they in there as well?  The waiter bordered on sarcastic and I spent the night straining to hear our guest, a very ill friend who could not raise her voice over the girls.  On the way out, we were asked by another table if this was the norm as that evening was their first time there.
There is something called customer service and the lack of same this week has caused this resturant to go from being a favorite to an avoid in my world.  The front of the house needs some attention.Even one star is too good for this place.  Absolutely awful!! I ate there with my friends and our reservation was for 8:30.  We did not sit down until after 9:15.  Not only that it was cold and raining that night and they made us wait outside- saying there was no room for us to wait inside.  So for 45 minutes we waited.  We would have gone somewhere else but a Saturday night in Rittenhouse is not the easiest place to sit without a reservation.  
We were aware this is a BYO and brought our own.  They held our alcohol for us inside- however they did not tell us we were not allowed to bring our own mixers- simply pineapple juice.  They took that from us as well and when we asked for it back they would not return it until after the meal.  
Once we finally sat we had to wait again for service.  We finally got to order only to find they were out of almost everything we wanted to eat.  We were left with eating pasta dishes, and believe me that is the last place we would have gone if thats what we knew we were eating.  
Too make a long story short, our waiter was great,  He felt really bad about everything!  The owner and his wife are not so great.  They did nothing for us.  Not even comp a cup of coffee.  
If you are interested in eating here- FIND SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!DO NOT EAT HERE!!! Food is mediocre at best and the manager (dark haired woman with an accent) who took our order was rude and literally asked us to leave at the end of the meal, saying there were people waiting for a table. Excuse me, but isn't it the restaurant's responsibility not to overbook? She rushed us through our menu selections, expressed disgust when we weren't ready to order, then told us no less than three times to hurry up and pay because people were waiting. And they were...outside in the freezing cold even though they had reservations. Even after telling her that she was being rude (in a professional manner) she didn't apologize and forced us out! The food was not good, calimari and crab were fishy, and we were cramped into a small space. Save your money and energy and go to any one of the many excellent Italian restaurants Philly has to offer. We will NEVER go back.I've always been a huge fan of Branzino, but on my most recent visit I was a little disappointed, and what would have been 4 stars is being docked to 3.  I was with a big group, and we were the only ones on the second floor.  The waiter, Matt, was great, very attentive with re-filling the wine glasses.  
Onto the food: the pork chop was amazing, as was the squash ravioli.  My friend's husband said it was the best pork chop he's ever had.  Not so good was the fact that the bread they gave us was burnt, and the pasta in my shrimp and crab dish was way undercooked.  It was chewy and just not enjoyable.  
I've previously had really positive experiences here, so I'm hopeful that this was just a fluke, and that I can update this to 4 or 5 stars next time.What a wonderful meal, service and atmosphere!! Fresh homemade bread, the Branzino was so tender and seasoned perfectly. The panna cotta was heaven. I can't wait to go back !!I ate here for a corporate function on a Wednesday night. I like how they'll let you order the pastas as appetizer portions and I really enjoyed the rabbit papperdelle I ordered. However, the porkchop (my entree) was dry and overcooked. My mascarpone cheesecake was creamy but a little on the sweet side. Overall, the experience was good but nothing to rave about.We tried this place out during RW. We were seated promptly by the window. Our bottle of wine was uncorked quickly. The beef carpaccio was really good and so was the buffalo mozzarella. We ordered the pasta w/ crab meat & shrimp in a brandy sauce, and the veal stuffed w/ fresh mozzarella and Italian ham in a Marsala sauce. Both entrees were cooked to perfection and had lots of flavor. We really enjoyed the entrees! The tiramisu was really good and would have been outstanding if it wasn't partially frozen in the middle. The staff was very attentive and prompt. Overall I would recommend this place. It is an enjoyable Italian BYO.Food was of delicate flavor. We ordered bronzino with a multicolored couscous, lentil and beet salad, whole wheat spaghettini and salad. Delicious and top notch service. Lively fun atmosphere.Agree with those who recommend asking for the back room.  The only criticism is that it gets loud.overall our experience was alright. the server was very slow to service us. also english was not his primary language so it was difficult to understand him. and it did not help how noisy the room was to hear him or any other conversation.  we waited long periods of time to order and to receive each course of food. when we got our food the portions were extremely small for how pricy this restaurant is. first course despite being slow was alright. got to say that the octopus appetizer despite being small was delicious! after waiting a long time we got dinner which is were things really took a turn for the worse. they first brought out one of the diners meals.  then most of the other diners had to wait fifteen minutes afterward which made the first diner's food cold by the time most of us received ours and ate. two of the diners had steaks one veal and one beef. they first put the beef steak in front of the diner that ordered veal and then they moved it over to the right diner. then that diner who was supposed to to get the veal steak never got it.  we had to request several times to get the manager and owner over to resolve this issue. when she came over she admitted the problem and apologized but was begrudgingly about compensating us for our horrible service. she was willing to have the server pay for the steak he forgot to order. when we started to complain about her lackluster apology and the horrible service overall that is where she became belligerent. the server knew he screwed up and apologized to us and then provided three free desserts and coffees.Just had a late lunch here today, and it was a nice place for a pleasant lunch after a long meeting.  We came here based on a word-of-mouth recommendation, and it was  a good choice.
I had tortelloni with veal and chicken - I found the sauce to be a bit garlicky, but that's a question of taste.  My dining companions had salmon with some lovely roasted root veggies, and a salad.  I thought for the price, it was well worth it -- about $12/person for a nice sitdown lunch - that's almost what you'd pay somewhere like Panera or an upscale deli!
It's hard to say if I'd come back, but it's good to know of a good place in the neighborhood and I thought it was a good value.Was in Philadelphia for a conference and went here with some of the attendees.  Service was very nice, professional.  Dining room was very loud.  Food quality was good - though the octopus in the salad was a touch over marinaded before cooking.  Rabbit papardelle was excellent, and the veal chop special one of the other guests had was very good as well.
The prices are very reasonable especially considering BYOB and its location.
I would definitely return for a visit when in Philadelphia.The food was delicious and the service was excellent. Downsides:  Our round table was so close to a wall that it was hard for the corner people to get out. It was also difficult to find the hostess station since it's in the middle of the restaurant in a tiny hallway.It was restaurant week. Did not know that when I went. I thought the food was bland. I don't remember the last time I added salt to a veal dish at an Italian restaurant. I was surprised how boring the food was considering all of the high marks it has been given on yelp. I had the same experience last year when I went during restaurant week at le bec fin. Do they offer lesser food during restaurant week, that is my question.Shame on you, Branzino- I've never been treated so poorly by restaurant management in my life.  I went to the establishment with some girlfriends and the staff was so rude we actually paid for our food and asked to have it packed up before the entrees reached the table.  Sadly, I never got to eat it because the bag broke on the way home.  My favorite quote of the evening was "You can't just sit here and drink wine for free."  Really, because it's a BYO & our check was close to $200.  The entire experience was tremendously disappointing & somewhat confusing, since we were there to dine and spend money.  Maybe they were having a bad day, I don't know.  But if I owned a place with a dining room less than half full on a Friday night, I'd treat people with a little more courtesy.My mom was visiting the city so we were hoping to find a nice restaurant for lunch. Unfortunately, we did not have such luck and ended up leaving hungry and disappointed. The bread took 20 minutes to come out and it was stale. Then came the salads. My mom ordered the arugula with pear salad and they managed to forget the pear. Then when she asked for the pear, it came sliced and they left the sticker on it (so they probably did not even wash the pear). Then came our meal... the pork milanese which was a thick piece of deep-fried panko covered meat which was not cooked. We could not even get our knife through it and realized it was because it was raw. They did try to make up for it by taking it off the bill, but overall it was not a good experience and left us feeling unsatisfied. We ended up paying $25 for 2 tiny salads, one of which was horrible. We will not be returning.I think 3 stars might be generous, or maybe it was an off night. Went here for Valentine's Day weekend. And I know it can be a busy time, but it wasn't that crowded in there to be honest. I felt so rushed we barely could even finish our wine. And I usually have no problem splitting a bottle of wine with a date during a dinner. The whisk evening was super rushed. We had to order everything together, then we barely were able to finish our apps before our entree was brought out. It just didn't feel very romantic and like a great place to have dinner for a date. As I said, not sure if it was something that night or what. But I probably wouldn't go back because the food was good, but just ok. Standard as to Italian byobs in philly. And with so many to choose from, I feel like you have I stand out.I'd walked past this place many times and always wanted to try it, but didn't get around to it.  Finally during restaurant week, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try as it was one of the only byo's on the list.  It was pretty good.
To start, their menu selection was extensive and had many options for carnivores and vegetarians alike, which is always nice.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I always appreciate having the option when I'm out to eat.  We started off with the beef carpacio and caprese type salad which were both decent.  I felt like it was slightly underseasoned or was missing something that I couldn't quite put my thumb on.  The portion was large for an app, which I will never complain about.  Then we moved on to the main course of Branzino and some kind of meat dish (can't remember) that my boyfriend got.  The fish was light and flaky with just enough sauce.  I really enjoyed it and did not feel like a whale after I was finished.  Finally, we finished with cheesecake and tiramisu.  The cheesecake was meh and the tiramisu was light and satisfying.  I liked it here and would be willing to go back, but am not in any rush.I love this restaurant. Me and my boyfriend enjoy coming here to have some authentic, fresh Italian dishes. Portions are not bad, but you should order an appetizer so not to be hungry after you get your main dish. Service is overall very good besides a time that we had eaten there around 9:45pm where I felt slightly rushed by. I guess its better to go during a 6:00-8:00 dinner time, not too late b/c I thought the food wasn't as good as it was at an earlier dinner time. 
Rabbit Ragu pasta very yummy!
Their caprese salad is ok...
Branzino looked very good!
Pretty insideLiving in the area, I've been to Branzino a few times in the past three years.  Though always hoping for more, each time I am disappointed in some way.  To me, one of Philadelphia's best qualities is its vibrant restaurant culture, most notably all of the great BYO's.  
With La Viola around the corner, Branzino tries to distinguish itself as an upscale Italian BYO.  Knowing this, one would assume the menu selections, quality of the food and service would all be on par with a higher tier restaurant.  However this restaurant is certainly not worth the ~$20-$28 a plate that they charge.  I had a plate of pappardelle with rabbit.  It meal was decent, however was a bit oily.   
There service left a lot to be desired.  I was with a group of five at a table outside.  Throughout the meal we had a random frenzy of waiters and servers at times climbing over us to set plates down, remove plates, fill water glasses.  Normally I wouldn't, however it definitely interrupted our meal and conversations; not something I'd expect at a nice restaurant.   To top it off, a waiter knocked over one of our bottle of wine which chilling next to us.  A few of us were even splashed with ice, water and wine.  The waitstaff barely apologized an did nothing to accommodate us for the bottle of wine that was now on the sidewalk.
For the quality of the food and the service alone I wouldn't go back, especially with so many other options in the neighborhood.  Then add in the higher price for Italian food; and aren't many redeeming, qualities if any, that would bring me back to Branzino.Some friend and I went the last night of restaurant week.  Food was very good.  I had the branzino, which was just OK.  Everyone else enjoyed their meals.
The kicker was that after we had paid our bill and left our waiter the tip, we were asked to leave as our time was up....our alloted time of 90 minutes, so our waiter told us!Very good food reasonably priced with very attentive service. Beautiful outdoor garden seating. Lots of menu options - excellent orchestra.We chose Branzino for our son's rehearsal dinner (for 50) on January 3, 2015, and we could not have been more pleased. The food was delicious, the tables and dining room were lovely, and the service was friendly and professional.  The fact that Branzino is a BYOB was also a positive for us. All in all the evening was just perfect! Our thanks to Luan, Dori and their excellent staff. Bravo!The service is horrible, really disorganized. The dinner experience is more than the food is about enjoying the meal. The salmon is extremely small and when we complained there was no solution it was more problematic. We had problems with the check and our order. I don't recommend dinner at this place since the service is not good at all.Had dinner there tonight with my husband and two friends.   We ate in the garden which is wonderful.  The wait staff was attentive and pleasant.  The gazpacho soup was the best we have had. The octopus appetizer was very tender and delicious.  I had the Branzino which was the best I have had in a long time. Bathe fettuccini with shrimp and crab was also delicious.  Can't wait to go back.  Plus it is a BYOB. Definitely a must if looking for great food and ambience. We gave also eaten in the dining room which is beautiful.It's much nicer inside than it may seem.  We were all very pleased by the quality of the food.  Their Branzino fish is a real treat (though it's the most expensive item on the menu).What a wonderful find!  I would definitely recommend Branzino!  The food and service were excellent.  My husband and I love BYOBs and this is one we will go to again!Came here for Restaurant Week and it's pretty standard Italian food.  Service was spot on, the decor was beautiful, but the food was meh.
I had the veal scaloppini and it was way too heavy.  It tasted and looked like they just slapped a piece of sliced white cheese on the top of it.  Didn't really taste any proscuitto on it either.  The grilled artichoke appetizer was meh too.  You can basically make it at home. Dessert was just gelato.
I may give this place another shot because it is nice inside, service is excellent, and it's BYO.Not bad staff was friendly, food was ok. Not blown away. Better BYOBS in the cityFour of us went for dinner with a variety of wines in tow. I will say the food was really excellent and our waiter was very knowledgeable and courteous. Here is my one caveat: the physical decor , while attractive at first blush, was really shabby when you looked more closely -- stains on the upholstery, a filthy bathroom with broken toilet seat, and no where to stand when you walk in the front door -- and I would have a hard time sending friends there.We came here for a Birthday and we all loved it.  You can't go wrong with this BYOB place.  It is a very small place so make sure you make reservations for weekends.  Maybe because it was restaurant week, even though we had reservation at 8:30pm, we still have to wait a little longer, but it was well worth it.
Even though it was restaurant week, the menu was very extensive and portions were very reasonable.  Appetizer were great, must try the grilled squid.  I ordered a Green and White Fettucine but I had to sub it with chicken because I'm allergic to shellfish, the server was very nice about it.  Dessert was awesome with the chocolate mousse.
I will definitely come back here.  Be sure to make reservations and if you have a group larger than 6-8 (we had 6 people), it might be difficult to seat everyone.I love Branzino. I've been twice and both times everything was great - the ambiance, food and service. I can't wait to have better weather to take advantage of the romantic outdoor seating area. Simply put - the best BYOB around!
See ya next time :)Some friends and I decided to get a late(ish) dinner here on Saturday night. We had a reservation and were seated immediately.   There are three important points I need to make:
1. The food was good
I had something that involved arugula, scallops, shrimp, tomatoes, and mushrooms.  It was delicious and the flavors were complex and fun.  I also tasted the squid ink pasta dish. The pasta was fab and the fact that it was black and made with squid ink was pretty fun. 
2. BYOB so delicious wine. Yay us for bringing it.  They were swift in bringing our glasses and uncorking our multiple bottles.  This pleased the group. 
3. Service: They were very friendly and also turned the other way when we slammed our two bottles of wine, then proceeding to say things like "his turtle penis was so big!" as servers walked by (this was just the natural progression of conversation). 
The night ended when a server came to collect our wine glasses and spilled a tray of empty wine glasses everywhere.  Glass flew, it was our cue: we left tipsy, satisfied, and with some decent memories.Came here for Valentine's and we expected it to be busy but gosh they. were. busy!! We came and they were already 5 couples backed up! The hostess told us it'll be about 15 mins so we were like okay, we'll wait. An hour after, there's about 10 couples behind us and the hostess still don't know how long till we get seated!!! We were pretty patient but they we're pushing it. The diners were complaining bc the waiting couples were standing by their table, there's nowhere to sit AND the manager is nowhere to be found!!! The other people started a complaint match and that's when I ended up going to Open Table and looked for another reservation. We should've known better when they confirmed our reservation 4 days before.. never going back!!Branzinos is a BYOB in Rittenhouse that is tucked away on 17th street. I've eaten here before and was sat in the front room which is darker and more cramped, but we got a table in the back this time around which was much better. Our group was throwing a surprise party here and the staff was extremely accommodating to us.
We were able to get a deal for $45 that is similar to their restaurant week deal. It included a salad, pasta, entree and dessert. I got the Beef Carpaccio which was very good and perfect for a starter to an Italian meal. For the pasta there was only one option which was the a ravioli in a white cream sauce that was excellent. For our entree we had a choice of the branzino, chicken or pork chop. I went with the chicken but was able to try all 3 and not one of them was a disappointment. All 3 had their own distinct flavors and cooked perfectly. The last part of the meal, the dessert was not so great. Again we had 3 choices, the tiramisu, a chocolate cake and a flan. The best  of the 3 was the cake and the other 2 did not have much flavor nor didit really  taste good at all. 
Overall, great service, great food, ask for reservation to the back or outside and skip the dessert.Meh.
That's the only word I can think of to describe my Branzino experience. On Friday, my boyfriend, myself and another couple decided to go on a double date to somewhere none of us had been, so we picked a BYOB and decided on Branzino.
I ordered a caesar salad and the gnocchi sorrento. The caesar dressing in the salad was way too fishy (anchovies). I ate it, but when my boyfriend tried it, he had to do everything he could to not spit it out. I understand anchovies are a part of the caesar dressing, sometimes, but this was just a bit overpowering.
The gnocchi sorrento was a good portion size, and I was able to finish all of it. But the marinara/basil sauce was a bit too spicy for me, and in my opinion, they didn't give me enough fresh mozzarella on top. 
All in all, the service is good, I probably picked the wrong dishes, but I won't be returning. I would rather go to Bellini or La Fontana.the only reason I am giving this place four stars instead of five is because of the state of the bathrooms. one of the women's rooms stalls remained clogged and unusable throughout the duration of my meal, causing a line of women. many resorted to simply using the men's room instead.  the food was delicious, and there were so many options considering it was a restaurant week prefixe menu. an amazing  byob restaurant in a great location.Awful service.  We had been here as a group before but after we sat down and opened our wine bottles they told us now that we were required to order an app+primi or entree... Which is not on the menu. When questioned they said its because they have tables that just share everything and it is not cost effective. I wouldnt have cared if they put it on their menu but to just force us after the fact is just petty and tricky. There was no one on the restaurant yet they wouldn't budge. Worse even they left the patio door open and while we chose to sit inside the dining room stayed 85. We were in a hurry to leave BC of that and when we asked to speak to a mgr. About our concerns... They said all the mgrs were off for labor day wkend. sadly explains everything bout this place. Go to La Viola.We ate here (group of six) for Restaurant Week.  I noticed that it was a BYO, and that they had a lot of choices, so we decided to give it a try.  We were very happy when they offered the full menu!  My app of mussels was seriously enough for about 3 people.  The whole meal was great.  The wait staff was very attentive.  
The decor was a little outdated.  The place got pretty busy by the time we were leaving, but it was a Friday night.  All in all, great food, BYO, and nice wait staff.  I definitely recommend it!We went to Branzinos as part of Center City restaurant week. It was fantastic. There are three different dining rooms that I could see, though we sat at the table in the front right by the window. This place is BYOB and they have wine holders available to keep your wine chilled. 
I had the crab ravioli as an appetizer, which had a lemon zest kick to it. It was a cold ravioli which was new to me but not bad. The sirloin however, this is where I was won over. It was a lean and healthy cut of meat, cooked to medium rare perfection. The fingerling potatoes were just as fantastic. 
Overall, if you're looking for a nice dinner in the Rittenhouse area, definitely give this place a look!Love this restaurant- Delicious food, superior service. Atmosphere is nice too. I am a vegetarian and my husband is a huge meat/fish eater and we love coming here because the menu caters to both of us. 
From my experiences,I recommend getting a salad before your meal- the arugula pear salad is amazing. Really enjoyed the mushroom ravioli and Mascarpone cheesecake as well.
One of my top BYOBs in the city.I have dined at branzino a few times and I must say we always leave with a smile on our faces and full stomache. The food is excellent and consistent. My personal favorite is the ossobuccco while my husband usually tries a different home made pasta.
Service is good and friendly. We suggest sitting in the backyard garden on weekends. 
We wouldn't definatly recommend this BYO!I came here very excited to try out Branzino. As soon as I walked in, it was a very nice quiet place with an interesting menu. The restaurant had a great ambiance. Reserved a table for 4 on a friday night at 8:30 and were seated immediately. The problem was that we were placed in the corner and none of the staff I guess really saw us. Had a glass of wine and were waiting to order. When our waiter finally got to us it was already 20 mins into our night. He tells us the specials and one of us decided to order the pork chop special. About 10 minutes later he comes back to tell us that the pork chop has been changed to veal. So my friend asked for the menu again (ultimately he decides to go along with it). It takes him another 15 mins to bring out bread. And another 20 to get out the appetizers. And around another 30 minutes for the entrees.
Food: 3/5
Calamari Stufato- Found it to be drowned in sauce, barely any calamari, didn't notice a single golden raisin in it
Roasted shrimp- Came with 3 large prawns which were great, the oyster mushroom was I little overcooked
Capesante: The cauliflower was cold, and the scallops were inconsistent. I found 2 of the scallops burnt and did not bother mentioning to the restaurant considering it would be another 30 minute wait. The others had a nice color to them but as soon as you bite into them, you can tell that the scallops had been sitting in the window for quite some time.
The food definitely could have been better, tiny portions were given, and not enough balance in their dishes.
Service:  2/5
I thought the service was abysmal and I wanted to not leave a tip but I caved and still gave the restaurant more than they deserved. 
Atmosphere: 5/5
Great lighting, love the decorations and how everything is set in the restaurant. 
I was really looking forward to Branzino since I have heard great things but they definitely fell far from expectations. Would I dine here again? Probably not, and I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. The atmosphere can only get you so far. If I was in the restaurant right now, I'd get up and go across the street for Italian cuisine or walk a couple blocks and find somewhere else.It is not often that my friends find ourselves as enthused as we were after our meal Saturday evening at Branzino. The everyone's meal was excellent - the veal was tender, the scallops cooked just right and the pumpkin custard was out of this world! The service was very attentive but not at all overbearing. This place is a keeper!The only good thing about this place was the wine that we brought. 
What a terrible night! We were here for Valentine's and had an absolute horrible time. Our reservation was pretty late (9:30pm) and when we arrived, there was an hour and a half delay. They were seating the 8:00pm reservations and people were just standing by the hostess. After a while, we finally got seated because apparently, a bunch of tables cleared up. I thought that at least we'll finally get to eat.
But no, the prize of finally being seated was more waiting. They featured a 6-course menu and each course took almost an hour to come. Multiple couples who had already sat down were still waiting for their salad. Some upped and left and were noticeably upset. A couple who had been there since 7 only got their first course (read: 3 hours). 
The water took 10 mins, the menu took another 10 mins, and the bread was a full 30 mins after we sat down. We skipped the 6-course menu, which the kitchen was clearly not equipped for and ordered off their a la carte selection. We still waited a good 2 hours for our courses to arrive but at least, we got fed. We ordered a side of roasted potatoes that came late. They offered to take it off the bill, but I never would've paid for it anyway. 
They should've offered a discount to everyone there. What a disaster! Would I come here on a regular night? No.I went here with my wife on a date night. The place looks really tiny from the windows that face the street...its funny how big it actually is inside. When we ordered two appetizers and two main course items, we were pretty sure that we were not gonna be able to finish eating all of it...there were two reasons why this assumption was wrong. 
1. We ordered main courses which were small portions (ppl around us had much larger portions)
2. Tasty food = eating a lot
The Gnocchi was to die for. The cool thing is that you can order an entree as an appetizer for a reduced price. 
The service was slow but it as a very busy night I guess. I did not have much to complain since the server in charge of refilling you wine glass had perfect timing. 
I was expecting the place to be much more expensive than it actually turned out to be. 
This place is perfect for a nice quiet dinner...very delicious food and reasonable prices. We will go again for sure