Spacious and cool place. Everyone there was really nice. Good service. Solid appetizers (tater tots, pirogues, wings)Came here today for HH with my boyfriend for a quick bite and drink.
The rose on draft was ehhh, too sweet but it was a very generous pour so I gotta give em credit. The fried pickles were seasoned perfectly and very crispy but the portion wasn't too big. 
All in all, this place is fun but my only issue was the AC not being on. It was so hot I had to leave! I was sweating and I'm that girl that's always cold wherever she goes. 
There is also cornhole and lots of board games available which I really enjoyedSuper friendly and helpful staff, accommodating kitchen, delicious food, unique offerings, great laidback ambience with good music.Great new spot! Brunch menu goes until 4pm on the weekends. Build your own bloody mary, $3 mimosas....it's a perfect spot for sports and activities. And if you like Lacrosse, they had it on 3 of the TVs. Definitely the best lacrosse bar in Philadelphia to support the blue devils. Go Duke!Will change it to 5 stars once they turn the music down a little so people can talk when they play games. Otherwise it's so fun.Always a great place just had a few drinks again. I've had the food and it's great. I love the games they also have. Me and my girl love playing them and also they number 1 bar to visit list of Philadelphia. Definitely give them a tryThe quizzo on Tuesday's is awesome. Also brickwall has games (darts, cornhole, shuffleboard) which are amazing. Veggie burger and the crinkle fries are great. However, while the space is great, it's extremely hot. Feels like there should be a better ventilation system. Understanding it's summer, still it's unbearable. Chalking it up to growing pains. Hopefully it changes soon.Good food and nice service from bar tenders . I had some pierogis that were pretty . And the ac was kicking so it felt real nice in thereAfter following the lead of a trusty fellow elite Yelper I decided to give it a go, my husband and I were in the mood for a burger (I feel like this is an all too common theme?!) and made our way in, the entrance is a bit nondescript but I'd read prior what to look out for which was a good call, we approached 2 hostesses at the stand who amazingly both looked at us with out saying a word, my husband broke the silence and asked for a table, a little awkward for the 1st connection, it wasn't crowded yet so we were able to get a booth, our waitress was very sweet, gave us our menus and as aforementioned, we both ordered burgers! My husband ordered the black bean burger and I ordered the Smith burger with a side salad, it was hella-good, lots of flavor and the balsamic vinaigrette on my salad was nice and light, I really enjoyed the food and as we finished it was becoming very crowded so they're clearly doing something right, my husband mentioned that he'd wished he ordered what I did and since he's not a complainer I'm guessing it wasn't as flavorful as mine, all be it, I still recommend :)Super fun place to go out for a chill vibe. Lots of games on every side. Bar is big and it's not the kind with loud music playing. Play cornhole, darts, or shuffle board. Really good place for day time fun and also for a nice casual night out!Service was great, and the beer selection too but the food was weak. I ordered a Reuben sandwich that I had to send back to the kitchen because the meat was cold...like almost out of the freezer cold. They didn't have a problem with my request and the manager even came by to apologize, bring a new sandwich, and offer my friends and I a round of  drinks. That was nice and really appreciated and the second take of the Reuben sandwich was better but parts of the meat were still cold. I almost got the sense that the person who knows how to make Reubens and vouched for it to be on the menu was not working the kitchen that night.
One friend for the hot chicken sandwich which was a little dry, in need of sauce and flavor. 
Another friend got the Pierogis which were decent. Overall, probably wouldn't come back here for food but yes for drinks and good service!Stopped here last Saturday night on the way to dinner across the street since we had about half an hour until our reservation time. The place was full though it's quite big with multiple rooms. Lots of standing room but also tables along the side. The bar service was quick and friendly. They have several board games sitting at the entrance and other games like darts and shuffleboard around the rooms. Also lots of big TVs around the bar playing sports games. Overall the bar has a very chill vibe with a constant hum of activity. Would recommend for a fun and chill night.Brickwall is Phillys newest casual bar. Great beer selection and multiple TVs for watching sporting events. Will be a hot spot for sure. They have an assortment of board games as well as shuffle board tables , darts, corn hole, and much more!We loved eating here! The experience was so enjoyable. There's attentive and energetic staff, delicious food and drinks for great prices, and an awesome ambiance. A great place to come to hang out, play some board games, and get some good grub. As a note, our server was Conner and he was fantastic!This looked good online, but reality was a little disappointing. First off - it was so loud that we could not carry on with a conversation without shouting across the table.
Beer selections looked good and I enjoyed a nice flight. Food was okay, but seasonal vegetable side ended up as barely cooked broccoli and my daughter's whipped potatoes turned out to be grits (the waitress apologized, saying that has happened before, but no adjustment was made to the bill.)
If your up for a raucous evening, and okay pub grub, this is your place.SO impressed by this place. Went with a large group of friends on a Friday night, and we were immediately given a large table in the back to sit at. The food was stellar-- especially the Mac and cheese and burger. The service was exceptional- our sever was so pleasant and attentive. Cool decor and fun place to go with friends. Couldn't recommend it enough.Downstairs bar is the best bar! Can't get better than Brickwall!!Came in hungry and left hungry.  I really wanted the food and service to be good here because the space itself was great. We ordered a 9$ appetizer of fried chicken and grits. What came out was some fried chicken fingers on some crusty fried grits. I took a bite into the grits and they were ice cold. I let the bar tender know who took the order back. We waited another 20-30 minutes and what was brought back to us was the food RE-fried. The grits were still cold in the center just now they were just double burnt/fried on the outside. Who fries grits ???? At that point my boyfriend was so hungry that he just forced it down. My boyfriend told the bartender it was still cold and he did nothing to rectifying the situation and didn't even take money off of our bill.  Do better and dont fry grits ever! who does that ?I'm not sure how this place snuck into Center City with my knowledge, but it's awesome! It's a huge space connected by a bathroom corridor to Porta. I wouldn't describe it as a "sports bar," it's more of an "activity bar". Lots of activities for a lot of different people. Yes, they have TV's and sports were on, but you can be a non-sports fan and still have fun here. Think a nicer, cleaner, brighter Buffalo Billards without having to rent or reserve the games. I saw shuffleboard, darts, cornhole, hook and ring game, and traditional board games. There is a rather large menu of craft beers and the usual domestics, cocktails, and wine. I'm looking forward to spending more time here...now that I know it exists!So, my girl and I had tried to order from this place through a delivery service, and after placing the order we were called by the restaurant and told that they ran out of the impossible burger which was the main reason we wanted to try this place (along with the amazing side selection). We decided to cancel that night but a few nights later we had a night off and wanted to actually go in to try the place out. The pictures of the food and the atmosphere definitely drew us in with no question. We arrived and this is when things went a bit south. 
When we walked in we were greeted by... no one. We tried to catch the eye of the bartender but soon realized she was the only one behind the bar and was busy with other diners, no problemo. I would've felt a bit more comfortable if there was a sign up by the entrance telling diners to wait for a host since we weren't sure if we had to seat ourselves. 
Finally a host who seemed to be doing everything came up and sat us down. Our server came over asked for the drink order and whaddaya know, I get a sip of wine (and a legit apology about it being the last of that wine so that's ok) but I was a little sad. We were about to order an appetizer when suddenly, BAM!, here comes the weekly quizzo we didn't know was going to be presented over a mic and loudspeaker in this beautifully acoustic room. We'd mentioned we didn't want to play to our kind host but realized we'd end up having to since it was pretty much all we could hear once it begun. We shouldn't have though because the quizz host came up to our table more than the servers did throughout the night. 
Remember that impossible burger we'd tried to order online a week before? Guess what they didn't have again... Like it's cool, we're understanding but if you know you're out of things like the house wine or the only vegan option that isn't beans maybe it'd be cool to have it crossed off the menu or something. 
The food itself that we did get was good. Better than your standard bar food but not quite as mind-blowing as we'd thought. 
The staff were all polite and I want to be clear we had no issues there. They were apologetic and kind when they didn't have something we wanted. 
Also the website is a bit misleading, we thought that the bar games were around the seating area but we never saw them and weren't told where to find them. 
Overall not a bad place to go but there seems to be a bit lacking in the actual food/drink part of the service. 
Try the Brussel sprouts and Mac and cheese.For a chill night out, I would highly recommend this place. It has a couple of different rooms both upstairs and downstairs. Since we had a large party, we went downstairs where there was a game of cornhole! Unfortunately, there isn't any TVs up there. On the top floor, there's enough TVs to go around and another area where it was more standing and mingling around. As a result, this bar has something for everyone. The bar was pretty efficient and made solid drinks. Hope to come back for brunch!I can't say enough good about Brickwall. My friends and I needed to meet and choose a location for an event we are hosting. We are so glad we went here. The atmosphere is unique and fun. The food is really tasty! They have a great beer selection. I liked the cheese curds but I felt they could have been better. I cannot wait to return. Such a great staff too! Check it out!Fun spot for a game. Good wings, cheap beer. Gets super crowded on the weekends, but what bar this size in CC doesn't? Good games to play like shuffleboard and darts. They just need to make sure the games have working accessories like the darts themselves and the shuffleboard weights.I randomly discovered this bar because there was a Beer Week promotion for Evil Genius Brewery here. Apparently it's new, and already pretty popular. With a great beer selection and happy hour menu, it's no wonder. The space is really nice too, multiple rooms, the back room has games like darts and ski-balls, and huge TVs everywhere for watching sports. I'm definitely looking forward to coming here a lot when football season starts. There's even a quiet downstairs space, though I didn't see anyone there when I went so not sure if that has to be reserved or if it's only for specific uses.
I know the review is really just supposed to be for the bar, but I also have to show some love for the Evil Genius beer "You're Killin' Me Smalls." I was a little skeptical about a raspberry lemon shandy, but it was DELICIOUS! It's definitely a nice, refreshing summer beer, and if you're into less bitter, fruity beers, you should definitely give it a try.I'm in love w the original at Asbury Park so maybe I am A LITTLE biased HOWEVER. Love the set up here, entered from the Porta side/back door. Walk in, they had a live band playing to the left which was funky, dance floor on the smaller side. Multiple bars which is great, never waited for a drink and great price for well drinks. Also lots of TVs,but not over bearing, and only behind the bar which is good- don't have any screen zombies in the crowd to run into. Walk through more, there's a lower step of a bar and a back game type area w a swinging ring, shuffle board, etc... also some stairs down to the bathroom. Overall chill vibe and obviously prime location as is almost all of CC.My only issue was that the food took quite a while to arrive, but when it did it was very good. I was deceived by the portion size and thought I should have ordered more food, but it's actually very filling. The beer selection is good.Stumbled into this place on a casual Thursday! Really great staff that makes the experience great! Large venue with a lot of room to move around and mingle. The food and drink were both really well priced (I recommend the pirogies) and pretty lively music! Definitely a good new bar in Center City! Shoutout to Arielle who's an amazing GM!I had high hopes when we walked into the restaurant as it had a nice 'industrial chic' decor and the bar was busy. However the  dinner menu was very strange, with next to nothing healthy on it. Then the service was terrible with our waitress  vanishing for 15-20 minutes at a time, food being delivered to 2 of the 4 people in our party with the other 2 being served 15 minutes later!! No one seemed to really care, even 'one of the managers' who we insisted on seeing. What a horror show!!I took a chance. I was Christmas shopping, finished up and then decided I would walk down Samson and stop into the first place that seemed interesting. I wanted a salad (I was thinking something with grilled shrimp) and a drink and thought a bar or tavern might just do the trick. When I arrived and took a look at the menu, I knew that my dream of a salad was probably not going to happen. Although I love a good beet salad, (one of the two salads on the menu) I wasn't in the mood. I ended up with french fries (curse those fries...I can't resist french fries. What's UP with that??) and the $1 oysters. (I chose the lucky number 13) The oysters tasted fresh and I slurped down all of them. Their draft list was just ok and sadly, the french fries were ordinary (which never deters me in french-fry-land, of course) but I think I might have done much better had I just kept walking down Samson Street. This place is just ok. It's sports-bar-y which never bodes well for me, so keep that in mind with this review. In this big city, with a million options, some of which happen to be steps from here, I'll skip this one. Just want to say, the server was sweet and there were no complaints there, but I was also the only table except for the four guys at the bar. P.S.  According to the reviews, this bar has games and what -not. I'm a somewhat serious eater, so my review would never reflect how fun the games are, even if I came in the evening.  With  all that being said, I think I am not the targeted age group.Drinks were made great, had the male bartenders all night. However, when I asked the female bartender where the bathroom was, she was very friendly telling me how to get here by going downstairs. Coming in and just sitting down at the bar, I said thanks, where are the stairs? She proceeded to say the wood things down there with a cocky smile. Wow. As if I had been here before or seen them at the end of the room. She may need to work on that delivery a bit.Negligence of broken glass on the floor led to my friend slipping on it and getting cut. Waited 15 minutes for a bandaid that they should've had. There's no first aid kit in this bad clearly.I had a great time at brickwall with my family celebrating a special occasion I was shocked it wasn't very crowded even during the Eagles game the service was prompt the food was good so are the drinks I definitely will come back here againFour stars more for the ambiance than anything else.  A little girly get-together on a week day, so someone in the party picked this place. I was the last one to arrive around 5:45 PM, everybody else was well into a few drinks and quite happy before happy hour - HA.
I was hungry and picked a $5 happy hour cheeseburger and everyone else left at the table also ordered $5 Irish coffees.  Out of nowhere, these lovely cookies showed up and the server informed us they came with the Irish coffees. Come to mama!  They were like shortbread cookies, a bit crumbly, but buttery and with nuts.  The little $5 cheeseburger slider was actually really delicious and juicy. I'd definitely come back for a full on version of this.
And the reason it was a hit with all of us was that even at that time of the day on a weekday, we were able to get a nice booth, great service and even better, hear each other talk!I stopped into Brickwall on a Friday night for a quick dinner and a few drinks.  I have been to Porta multiple times, but somehow never noticed that these two bars are actually connected and share bathrooms. The spacey restaurant has an industrial feel to it and definitely tailored for big groups. They have a ton of games, including cornhole downstairs, which makes it an awesome spot for hanging out with friends.  
The beer list is above average, with a variety of local crafts, and they also serve wine and cocktails. I ordered the grilled cheese and my boyfriend got the prime rib sandwich. The grilled cheese came on sourdough (amazing) and was superrr cheesey.  I would go as far as saying it is in my top 5 fav grilled cheeses ever. The prime rib sandwich was pretty good, but it was missing something (especially for the high price). While the caramelized onions & peppers complimented the sandwich well, I think it could've used a horseradish sauce on there for a little more flavor. Both sandwiches came with potato chips, but you could substitute fries or other sides if you wanted. 
Lastly, the service was outstanding!! All of the servers helped each other out and were very friendly. Overall, Brickwall was a solid option for dinner and drinks, but it is on the pricey side for a casual bar. I'll definitely be coming back with a bigger group to take advantage of all it has to offer!Not friendly to Latinos. Recently moved to Philly; havent had a chance to get a new license. Presented 3 forms of identification. Front guy said he sent the pictures to the manager, and then said he was the manager. No reason for barring me, and made no effort to reach out to a manager, then proceeded to take a picture of me.
Never got a reason, valid IDs.
Si eres latino prefiero que disfrutes tu noche en otro lugarWe ended up at this bar seeking a good time to celebrate a birthday. The atmosphere has a cool vibe. There are a few group games that keep people's attention such as cornhole, darts, shuffleboard, foosball table, etc. the placement of the foosball table is awkwardly behind the darts, so the corner is cramped. 
We had at least 10-12 people within our group. We didn't crowd one area except for the bar towards the end of the night. Unfortunately, the night ended very sour. UNFAIR TREATMENT. The whole group was denied drinks from the bar. A few members who were pointed out for being "flagged"-by the bartender-were the ones that did not purchase any drinks through the night. There was poor communication and respect exemplified by the bartenders. The manager was understanding, but doesn't make up for his staff. 
I'd recommend this bar if you're out with 4 people or less-or decompressing after work. However, if you've got a lot of people willing to spend money, SPEND IT ELSEWHERE.Literally the worst restaurant in the world. The whole restaurant had 1 server who had the world's worst attitude. The food took forever even though the place had about 5 tables and it was mediocre at best. When my group of 9 asked for checks she said "I told you in the beginning you only get 1 check" and threw it on the table...I seriously thought this had to be a joke. We had to manually add up our own bills because she couldn't "overload" the system by printing us individual checks which me being a server myself thought to be total bs as all POS systems don't get "overloaded" The whole thing was bizarre, save yourself the hassle and go to literally any place else!Pick another place!!!!
The manager "Mick Kurts" will kick you out if he thinks you look visibly drunk without any reasonable discretion. He will not even give you the opportunity to talk to him. He said it does not matter what he thinks  he agrees with his bartenders. So if you do go here do not annoy the bartender, they will kick you out just for yawning. Even the bouncer and door person disagreed with his decision. Do not go here. This review, with perfect grammar, has been typed just moments after this incident.
I wasn't even afforded the opportunity to order one drunk.I had popped in randomly on a Thursday night.. the place was busy, jumping, food was coming out quickly and looked very good so I had to try it. I chose to get the salmon and it came with 2 sides which, as expected, was a 10/10.. Pretty sure there was a kids menu as well.. Bartender was extremely knowledgeable on all of their beers.. they had about 10 craft beers along with the everyday bud lights, yuengling, guiness, etc.. a couple different rooms which lead me to believe there was room for private events of groups of at least 100.. Can't wait to go back there and check out how their college and NFL football crowd is!
Validated Parking just before 12th street in the garage to ease the pain of Philadelphia Parking..
Highly recommended and will be back..My coworkers and I swung by for a fun happy hour a few weeks ago, and the newly opened Brickwall Tavern delivered on easy-going fun.
The Happy Hour menu for food & drinks seemed kind of limited (nearly all fried things & standard draft options) but did the job of providing something to snack & sip on while we played darts or shuffleboard.
The space itself is pretty varied and has something for everyone - so you can roam from one room to the next. Plus, it was nice they had a real DJ even at happy hour!Ww were in Philly for the Army-Navy game and stumbled upon Brickwall by chance. Awesome service, great, eclectic ambiance with various vibes to choose from. Was a busy Friday night, but we were able to serendipitously find seats at the bar. I had the turkey chili and my husband ordered the prime rib with mac & cheese and cornbread. AWESOME. We were happy and truly enjoyed the evening. Nice job, Brickwall!! Wish we had a place like this in SoFlo!Had a chance to go here for Philly Beer Week for their NJ tap take over, and I dug this place. My wife and I were seated promptly as soon as we came in. The restaurant is very large with a ton of space, booths in the front, and tables in the back. I also found some of their quotes on the wall hilarious. 
They have craft beer which is awesome, especially that night since it was NJ tap take over. Our waitress was nice to us and gave suggestions on menu items. Our food did take some time though. It felt like it was pushing 20 minutes. I ordered the shepherd's pie, which I was happy they used lamb and not beef. It was a hearty meal with fluffly mash and a ton of meat. It is a cool spot for a pint and food.Big tavern in cool section of Philly.   The menus, beer choices and such was eclectic and interestingSo much fun and I only went for dinner. So it was a Saturday night and my sister is 3 weeks from being 21 but the owner let me family come in for a late dinner at 10. We really got to see this place transform from a day time restaurant to a fun bar. The menu was small but the food was really good. Definitely a place we'll be back to in a few short weeks. The back room opened up into a dance floor with a DJ while the front bar was filled with fun drink specials and a cool ambiance.Came here Saturday last night with two friends and security didn't let me in because they thought I gave them a fake ID. Note, the two friends who had the same NY license like me got in just fine. I'm in my mid 20's and even offered to call the DMV to confirm my license number but they just didn't want to let me in.
Tip for the owner: Get security who ACTUALLY know what a NYC driver license looks like. The two security guards were really stubborn and disrespectful.I went last night with a group of friends. It was okay. It was super crowded which is to be expected because it was a Friday night. So I understand why service was slow. It was hard getting a hold of a waiter, which I get because it was so busy. I ordered the broyale burger medium well with chips instead of french fries. I did not realized it was an opened face burger. It did not say on the menu  either, but I was ok with it. The au jus was okay. However, the burger was burnt. I can taste the burnt taste from the grill, which is weird when it was supposed to be medium well. It was not. Tasted overdone. Two of my other companions has the same issue. I had to drowned each bite in mayo, which helped a bit. I did not say anything because it already took a good amount of time to come out. Again, it was understandable, they were busy. A truly disappointing meal. The chips were good though. Oh, also, if you want them to hold a cake in the back, apparently there is a fee. I am not sure if that was normal in general. It was my first time encountering it. I won't come back by myself, only if I get invited by friends. I definitely avoiding the burgers.Such an interesting mix of vibes. The food and beer is top notch, thus the 4 stars. But, there are so many other oddities that, all combined, make for an interesting trip. 
Nestled in the heart of the 'Gayborhood' (yes, this town actually refers to it that way on the street signs) this place is more an oasis for middle of the road college types, even a bit of a pick up scene. There are TVs above the bar and a performance venue of some kind deeper into the restaurant that I could only hear and not see. But, it evidently requires a security staff of about 8 very serious looking folks. I would definitely feel safe if I were a youngster at a show there. 
Another feature that coincides with the youthful clientele is the teeny, tiny typesetting of the menu. It's difficult for this Gen X'er to read without the iPhone flashlight. But, once I did it is like discovering a hidden treasure of interesting beers. I stayed close to the hop train, but there are many darker varieties and lots of recommendations for food pairing listed right on the menu. 
The pierogies were awesome. The meatloaf was awesome. The service was competent and I won't hold it against my surly server if she was having a bad day. 
I'll be back if I visit again!Don't go to the nightlife if your from out of town the bartenders aren't educated on out of town IDs.I ordered the Tavern Pasta, my food bland and flavorless, I am allergic to shellfish so I requested without, they offered no lower rate. I am seriously disappointed in there food. My group did not enjoy anything but the wine which made the night and service some what bearable.As a frequent visitor at Porta, I was very excited to try Brickwall. I've gone on a few occasions, mostly for drinks and I love the atmosphere. Compared to Porta, it's a little more relaxed with bar games and sometimes live music.
I recently ate there and tried to impossible burger - first timer here. It was pretty good, very interesting but in a good way. I had it paired with tots. Typical bar food but would highly recommend!Excellent food at very reasonable prices. had the grilled cheese sandwich it was big and good .the atmosphere is very inviting good section of the city definitely worth coming backDidnt appreciate the racist comment towards my girlfriend at the door from a short white middle aged bouncer with short gray hair. "Shouldnt you have already been deported?" Seriously man? Its 2020Came her for restaurant. Beer list looked pretty good and place was filled with TVs which is great for catching the game. Ambiance is so dark though! Could barely see the menu and when you go to the bathroom you're pretty much peeing in the dark! As for the food, got the broccoli Caesar which was the best thing I ate! Burger for entree, only cooked medium well and WAY too salty. Apple Pie for dessert, which was also a salt bomb! Also, could have used more ice cream with it! Service was nice! Probably won't come back though.Terrible service! 2 meals came out and were finished before the other 2 meals even came out. Manager said he would comp first round of drinks and only comped 3 of 4This place is really nice and classy! I prefer this plac for SIPS because it's not crowded. Plenty of room to stand and sit. The drinks and their deals are pretty good but the food is okay. I ordered the beer battered cauliflower and fried pickles which were a bit too oily for my taste. Porta on th other side looks really nice! I think they are one big restaurant/bar place. The food on the other side smelled so good. So I'll have to try it out.This place was, eh, not so good. 
My boyfriend and I walked in here randomly after spending .5 seconds in the hot and crowded AF Tinsel around the corner. When you walk in there's a long stretch of bar on the right with seats to the left, industrial, woodsy, modern sports bar type of feel. Keep walking and there's an opening to the left that brings you into a second room with a bar on the right, plenty of seating, and games on the left. We ran into a big group of friends randomly, grabbed a drink at that bar and hung out for a few minutes while their table was getting ready. 
It's an after work, 20-something type of bar. Plenty of TV's, all of the same size, but honestly I wouldn't come here to watch a game. I did enjoy the fact that they have two shuffleboards, one fooseball table, darts and some rope that you try to swing on a hook on the wall. 
The bartender lost my boyfriends tab after just ordering one drink, and they weren't that busy at that time (this was about 7:30pm on Friday night).
We sat down in a booth with about 10 people... FYI booth is for maybe 8? Our waitress was very nice. We ordered drinks which took FOREVER to come - I get it, busy, Friday night, large group, but the bar was RIGHT next to our table. I had ordered a moscow mule, a pretty standard drink at a place like this, and it came back in a large, clear glass. Uh, they don't have any copper mugs for a proper moscow mule!? I was a little turned off by that. And, it was WAY too ginger beer-y, I question if there was even vodka in there.
We ordered food, which also took a long time to come out. My boyfriend asked for fries instead of chips with his burger, but instead got chips. My friend asked for no lettuce, tomato or mayo on her sandwich, which was all on her sandwich when it came. My other two friends ordered two sandwiches and only received one. I ordered shrimp tacos - DON'T. The shrimp tasted rancid... either undercooked or just really bad? IDK, but I took one bite and that was enough. Plus, there's nothing on them... just some white cream... no pico, no avocado, no slaw, blegh.
I told the waitress and she was nice enough to put in a new order for me, which I ordered a burger with fries. Once that came, which of course it took a while, I thought the burger was decent. The fries are good. 
Bathroom situation is odd - I'm not sure how many there are exactly, I only saw two, but they are separate, individual rooms (not like a women's bathroom with stalls and a few sinks) which compared to the size of this place I think they probably should have built more. There's another side room I didn't explore and access to some club that we didn't go in. 
Definitely not coming here again, if you do, I'd stick to just drinks.This place is really nice and classy! I prefer this plac for SIPS because it's not crowded. Plenty of room to stand and sit. The drinks and their deals are pretty good but the food is okay. I ordered the beer battered cauliflower and fried pickles which were a bit too oily for my taste. Porta on th other side looks really nice! I think they are one big restaurant/bar place. The food on the other side smelled so good. So I'll have to try it out.I went to Brickwall with a huge group of people on a Monday, and they were super great about accommodating our group last minute. They set up a table for us really quickly, and a waiter came by to take our orders quickly.  There were about 20 of us.  There are also a ton of games there and they have a lot of space for large groups, so it worked out! 
I got the French smoke cocktail, and it was really really good! I was very surprised because I don't usually like smokey drinks that much, but it wasn't overwhelming. We also ordered a dozen oysters to share and the deviled eggs.  For my main meal, I ordered the cheesesteak and got the crinkle fries. The food was good, but not amazing.  I'd probably come back more often for the drinks!Overall, I was not impressed. I came to the Brickwall Tavern for a private party. When we arrived with the couple paying for the party, nothing was set up yet (meaning tables and chairs). 
It was also crowded as anything. Our "private" area was down the stairs, which you can see from the top floor since it's completely open. Since it was a chilly night, most of the partygoers had heavy coats. The bartender told us there was a coat check upstairs, but why would we want to have to go check our coats when we could keep our coats in our party area? Anyways, we all started to pile our coats up on one of the two tables they gave us in our room. The bartender was still setting up her station, so we headed up stairs to the other two bar areas. In the second room to the left there is a bar with some games to play. We managed to snag a shuffle board and played a few rounds, which was fun. There was a woman near us who looked lost and supposedly a busboy took her and her friends table away and her coat was on it as well. I have a feeling they took her table to bring down to our party. After shuffleboard, we headed back downstairs to our room and the food was set up. I will say the food was good, even though it was just your typical bar food. We had pulled pork sliders, cheeseburger sliders, pierogies, fries, and hot wings. The plates they provided were the heavy dinner plates, but unfortunately, there was really no place for anyone to put their food down because they gave our party of 40 people two tables and NO chairs! You could not even really sit on the stairs because there was constantly employees bringing up beer from a room next to our party room up the stairs. I think they provided us with very little tables and no chairs because their restaurant was packed. To make matters worse, there was only a little red rope "blocking" entrance to the stairwell down to our private party, so of course there were multiple people who we know did not belong down there crashing our party, eating our food, and drinking our beer, and other members of our group had to address it and not management. There was also our own bathrooms in our party area that other restaurant guests kept coming down to use even though the restaurant has its own bathrooms for non event guests. Only towards the middle of our party did they decide to put a bouncer up at the stairs to keep people out. I would be really disappointed if I was the one who dropped a few thousand dollars on this place for a party.A little loud, but a pretty big place. The booths were very comfortable and the service and food was good. Watermelon salad was really tasty and the beer selection offers some standards as well as some things you don't always see everywhere. Menu isn't as large as the Brickwall location in Burlington for instance but still pretty good. They had a cornhole game setup in the basement.Made it to the last day of resturant week and I was in the mood for some TGIF goodness. 
A friend suggested Brickwall Tavern for their lunch special and I was excited to try new spot.
I thought painting the entire outside of the restaurant black was pretty bold. The interior was modern and trendy; clearly lots of exposed brick. 
The fixed price was 3 courses for $25. I ordered the pierogies, pulled pork sandwich, and bread pudding. 
The pierogies were thick and the filling had a strong onion gravy flavor that i enjoyed. 
The pulled pork sandwich garnish with coleslaw was a good ole fashion bar sandwich.
The highlight was totally that wonderful 
BREAD PUDDING. 
The slightly warm bread pudding was dense and surprisingly huge. Two people could easily share one serving and it was topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. The buttercream inside the bread pudding was outstanding.
I'll definitely be back here for drinks and bread puddling one day soon.Drinks and night out review: pretty popular Saturday night out spot for 20 somethings. The space has multiple rooms which makes it seem very large but it in turn becomes very crowded and hard to move. They also have a few bar games upstairs that they are within the crowd. I like that there is a basement area with cornhole game and an additional small bar. Bonus points for being connected to Porta for your late night subpar pizza- no going outside in the cold! 
Overall, I don't mind coming here for a night out but I lose interest when it gets very crowded and harder to get drinks. The bouncers are unfriendly and scrutinize IDs upon entry, which is I guess how it goes sometimes when you're having a night out.Brickwall is a great place to have a drink and hang out. I've been to two others in the chain (Asbury Park and Burlington), and this one was just as good as the others.
They have $5 select beers and $8 select cocktails during happy hour and an overall good vibe. If you're into bar games there are plenty to choose from: shuffleboard, darts, cornhole, and ring on a string.
The bartenders were friendly and quick to take our orders. Would definitely go back!Was meandering down the street and came across this gem.  Had a beer to start the perogies from the munchie menu.  The were fat and stuffed with potatoes with grilled onions and sour cream.  Delicious.  
Inside the bar is warm and welcoming with a cool vibe and great music.  Bar is fully stocked and the bartenders pour a great Old Fashioned.   
The tiny door is deceiving as it opens up to a comfortable space.  
Good drinks good service.  Just opened on Friday and I wish them all the success.One of my new favorite places in the city, Brickwall seems to be the perfect spot for watching sports. The downstairs bar area itself is very chill with the feeling as if you're in someone's basement. Tons of options to choose from while you're downstairs in terms of games such as shuffle board, hook & rings, and darts). I wish they would actually start a dart league, just saying. Upstairs bar is very open area with tons of options to grab a table as well. Haven't ordered off the food menu itself yet, just typically order drinks while watching sports. Decent HH offering specials on both food and drinks.Cool atmosphere for watching a game - definitely better than any other sports bar I've been to in Philly! There is a ton of seating and you can easily see the game. There is tableservice, although ours was very slow. You can also go downstairs, and play some games such as corn hole, which is a nice way to break up the game.
We reserved a larger table as there were seven of us for the Eagles game. We had a really great time and loved the atmosphere. Although, the service was definitely very slow getting our drinks and food and the food was just so-so. 
We got a bunch of appetizers, including the wings, soup, and french fries. The food was not bad, but it was also not particularly memorable and just OK. 
We ended up needing to order a few drinks at a time to ensure we always had a drink. We had a few servers coming over to our table, yet the service was still pretty slow. 
Everyone working there was very nice, and even though the service was slow we still had a fine time. 
I don't think we go back there just to eat, but it is a fine alternative to a sports bar if you want to watch the game.Popped in for a quick dinner and drinks with friends.  Decent Beer selection and the food is pretty tasty, but it's a tad overpriced and the crowd can shift between the working person's happy hour to college kids pretty quickly.
Pros:
Good beer selection.  Locals and harder to find national micros.  Prices were slightly higher.
Service was fast, usually efficient and friendly.  
I had the chicken sandwich was enjoyable and featured a large fried breast that was bigger than my hand. It was juicy and included a pickled cabbage and pickles.  A massive sandwich.  The fries were enjoyable but very salty.
Cons:
Ambiance is always weird here. It sometimes smells and feels a little fraty, but also can feel a little bit nicer with things like cloth napkins. Then again, the tables are also lined with brown paper. 
The crowd is weird and shifts between young professionals and college kids. When the college kids come to play, the place becomes a shit show.
Conclusion:  It's a good bar, but I'd recommend staying away to the older folks.  The up-and-coming basement seems potentially interesting with a large game area (cornhole, pool?).  Service is fine and the food is enjoyable but at a price that isn't comparable to other similar sports-ish bars.Brickwall seems to be the new happening place to watch sports. There are lots of different rooms to spend your time in with a variety of games (shuffle board, hook and ring, darts). They are located on Sansom Street but you can also enter through Porta on Chestnut. The bar service was efficient both times I was there even when it was super packed. Food wise, they don't skimp on the buffalo wings and I appreciate that. The pierogis are also a good app to try. 
After reading through some other Yelp reviews, I am highly interested in trying brunch here with the build your own Bloody Mary bar!