I went to Brick for brunch during a recent trip to Philly.  It was horrible.  There was one table of about 12 people that were so loud, the entire restaurant was staring at them.  Ok...that's not the restaurant's fault.  BUT- the food was laughable.  I ordered the granola with yogurt- I mean, how do you mess THAT up?  It doesn't even involve COOKING anything!  It came layered in a wine glass, with fruit.  By the time I got through the first layers of fruit, granola and yogurt- all the juices from the fruit made the granola on the bottom soggy and gross.  If they had just served it in a bowl, with the granola on top, it would have been delicious.  The bagel was nasty and the service wasn't great either.  They seemed to be out of a lot of items on the menu- and we witnessed them serving food without telling the customers that they were out of some of the main ingredients of the dish.  Brick needs to know that their customers aren't stupid- make a menu that you can keep in stock, and learn how to prepare it.SIMPLE & DELICIOUS!!
My boyfriend and I bought a Groupon at Brick for dinner and had a surprisingly simple yet very well created meal.
 We both got a drink - him The Manhattan cocktail and I the Cranberry Champagne cocktail from their menu, and both were simple (my buzzword for this place - but it's a GOOD thing amongst all the oversized, overly intricate meals you find at some restaurants) yet very well crafted.
Our App was the Short Rib Mac and Cheese  and DAMN was that tasty. Us both being Gluten Free, we diet-splurged on this item and it was totally worth it.
 For dinner He enjoyed the Pan Seared Salmon and I had the Lamb Burger, which they happily put on a bed of lettuce, sans bread. Both of us cleaned our plates and agreed to get dessert as well.
Much to our surprise (even with our amazing experience thus far) we ordered the Tiramisu for dessert and it was so classic and simply delish.
 I'd recommend Brick to all, for their simply, classic, seriously great food that they clearly spend their time on to make sure it's delicious and all flavors able to be tasted, leaving us completely stuffed and ready to visit for their Brunch!We went with a Groupon on a Sunday night Memorial Day weekend. It was 90 degrees and super humid outside and unfortunately about the same temperature in the restaurant, but stuffier. There were AC units in the room we were seated in but they were just not getting it done. I felt like maybe since the restaurant wasn't full, they didn't want to spend the money to cool the place. The management really needs to work on this issue because the meal was otherwise good, but I wouldn't want to pay full price to eat in a sauna. We shared the duck nachos small plate which was very flavorful (but just 4 individual nachos, so not something you could eat instead of an entree).  I ordered the flat iron steak medium well. It arrived well done, which I was okay with (but I know other people might not be). It was quite tasty with a great crust on it and yummy truffle butter sauce. My husband got a Manhattan (very good, very strong) and the lamb burger. The burger had some sort of Moroccan/Middle Eastern spices flavoring it which he did not care for (I liked it). I think if the menu had indicated that it was a spiced lamb burger he would have chosen to order something else that he might have enjoyed more. We tried to order the chocolate chip ice cream sandwich for dessert but then the server came back and told us they were out of chocolate chip cookies. It was 6 pm, so I don't think they were really out of cookies, it's just that no one had baked them that day (probably because it was too hot!), so apparently based on other reviews, there needs to be better communication between the kitchen and staff about dessert availability each day. Otherwise the service was excellent, and they were cool about the Groupon, which I appreciate. We'll probably go back, but wait for a cooler day.Friends of mine raved about Brick before my first visit and I'm happy to say that their reviews were correct!
I went to Brick for Sunday brunch with friends and I was surprised to see that they offered a bottomless brunch option. Unlike some other restaurants in the area, the bottomless brunch only included drink compared to a $5 option for single bloody mary's or mimosas. I chose to get the apple mimosa compared to the original version and it was delicious! Apple juice and champagne makes a wonderful combo.
I ordered the breakfast skillet and it was pretty good. I love anything that's prepared in a cast iron skillet, especially when it has sausage and potatoes inside. It was a bit greasy, but that didn't take away from the full flavor of the meal. 
The prices were overall pretty low and the food was your standard, hearty traditional American fare. I'd love to go back for dinner and see what dishes they have to offer and how the food compares to brunch. They currently have a Groupon for two entrees so it looks like I'll be back sooner than later!Yuck. Horrible brunch experience.  Even if you can overlook the obnoxious crowd and loud noise, the food leaves little to be desired.  The corn muffins that started the meal were delicious, so I had high hopes. It was all downhill from there.
My eggs benedict was mediocre, with the english muffin over-toasted. The home fries tasted kinda like hotel room service - where you know they were cooked hours earlier and just warmed up for you (a little - they were still barely above room temperature).  The half and half for the coffee was sour - and when we asked for milk instead, we were told they don't have milk.  What restaurant doesn't have milk!? Weird. The bagel looked and tasted like a Lender's. 
The woman sitting next to us ordered the huevos rancheros. It was basically two crispy corn tortillas with absolutely nothing on it but cold eggs. A tiny tiny sprinkle of beans and a couple tomatoes and that was about it.  No avocado, as advertised.  Yuck - I was so happy I didn't order that!Bought a Travelzoo voucher for here that included 2 appetizers, 2 dinner entrees, and a bottle of wine or two drinks per person. I did not look at the Yelp reviews before I bought this -as I normally would - and I'm glad I didn't. 
My friend and I ordered the brisket mac & cheese, and the fish & chips for our appetizers. WIth some salt, the brisket mac & cheese was good, and the fish and chips was excellent. There was good breading on the fish that was crispy. 
For dinner I had the crab cakes. They were good without too much filling. My friend had the salmon which he said was excellent. 
Our drinks were the only so-so part and this was what disappointed me. I tried two different drinks - martini and cranberry champagne - and both were just eh.
Would I go here again? If I bought the same voucher I would!! Without it - probably not as it was a little pricey.Not sure why there r so many bad review was there for the second time last nite even though it was October it was so warm we got to dine outside service was excellent food was delicious. Will not hesitate to return.it seems that most of the ppl who gave bad reviews had groupons and already seem to have a bad additude before they got there which is a shame i also wonder if these same ppl take the time to review a good dining experience or they just like to complain go try it it is very goodUpdate to my prior review from 2012.  Still 4 stars both times!   Everything about my prior review still holds true. . but wanted to give an update from more food I've had.
The ravioli was really delicious.  The mac n cheese was the bomb!  There was alot of juicy pulled pork all in the mac n cheese which melts in your mouth.  I was very impressed!  The lamb burger, also amazing.  Every time I come here I am happy.  Sorry to everyone else who seems to not like it, I've been here at least 6 times and am never dissappointed!   However, I like to sit at the bar now, or upstairs piano bar.  I've lost interest in the main dining area, its small and can get loud, and has a cramped layout.  Will be back, again, and again!$16 buttered noodles.
I bought a Groupon for a meal deal, 1 shared app, and 2 entrees for $20. Thank goodness for the deal.
I'm a vegetarian and before I bought this deal I made sure to check the restaurant's website for a menu.  Although they do not have any regular items without meat, they state on their site that they have daily vegetarian specials.  However, when we arrived our server informed us that there are no veg specials. Awesome. For my entree I asked if I could get the pasta dish without the pancetta.  The dish was described as "penne, parmesan, pancetta, creame".  What I got was garlic buttered noodles. I kid you not.  There was not any cream involved in this dish, and what small amount of cheese that was sprinkled on it, looked like it came from a can.  I ate 5 bites, the massive amount of butter my noodles were swimming in, and it's lack of flavor were a major turn off. 
The other thing about the food was that it was all cold . Our mac and cheese?  Cold. My noodles?  Cold.  The boy's steak?  Cold.
I'm glad that when we tried this place it was with a Groupon.  I would have been really angry if I had to pay $16 for buttered noodles, as stated on our check.
We won't be returning.This place is really good! I had a Groupon for 4 people (2 small plates and 4 large plates) and everything tasted great! I had the scallops big plate and it was outstanding! Our waiter was great and very attentive. We made a Friday night reservation and had no problems with our table (it was probably 80% full at 8pm). Quick service and no problems whatsoever. A little pricey without the Groupon but the seafood was well worth it.How could you forget my bacon?!
Made a reservation the night before the Philly Marathon because 1) they had available reservations 2) they had unlimited brunch drinks. Even though we ended up showing up 20 mins later. They were able to seat the 4 of us. Three of the 4 of us ordered one drink each and bypassed the unlimited drinks just because we were that tired.
I ordered the salmon scramble, fruit salad (with no yogurt- it was cheaper) and bacon, another ordered the burger and fries, and other did the French toast with cheese. All was good but he totally forgot my bacon and we got the yogurt portion too.
Overall it was a good meal but I was highly disgusted with the fruit flies hovering over our food. I've never had that happen in any brunch place I've eaten so it was gross.
A good casual dining place but sorry had to take off a point for all the fruit flies and forgetting my bacon. Not okay.Like other reviewers said, the service here is pretty slow.  Granted there was another large party also eating brunch at the same time, but it took at least 20 minute before the server came around to take our order.  The bottomless mimosas are not the best but will get you drunk.  I followed other tips and ordered a lamb burger which was delicious.I wanted to give it 2.5 stars, but I rounded up because the service was great and the prices are good. The food, however, was meh, meh, meh.
I was looking forward to brunch here since walking by the restaurants and seeing the menu just a few days before. 
We were fortunate to get seating under the skylights on such a sunny Sunday. The first thing to arrive- the complimentary corn muffins and berry butter. It's hard to complain about something that's free, but these corn muffins were too sweet and the berry butter, as pretty a pink as it was, was surprisingly bland. I think I would've preferred just some nice rolls instead. 
Things ordered at the table:
Vegetarian Benedict: the spinach was well-seasoned, but one of my poached eggs was a little overcooked and didn't ooze out like I wanted. They also seemed to be missing most of their whites suggesting that they were poorly poached and the whites got lost in the poaching liquid. The hollandaise, you know that quintessential sauce of any Eggs Benedict, well, it just didn't have much to it.  It lacked flavor and richness but still had a greasy feel in the mouth. 
Crab Cake Benedict: My boyfriend said it was good, but again, it was on an unexciting English muffin with lackluster hollandaise. The Benedict dishes in general could really benefit from a homemade English muffin with a little more heft and a more flavorful sauce.
Huevos Rancheros: most exciting flavors of the bunch. This had a good amount of smokiness and spiciness, but still tasted fresh and bright.  Only complaint: skimpy portion.
We all left still feeling hungry. The fruit salad and home fries were appreciated, but the portions were itty bitty. I think I counted 7 pieces of fruit in my serving- 4 grapes, 2 grape-size pieces of melon, and a half of a strawberry. The prices are good, but when you have to come home and basically eat a sandwich to fill you up, the prices don't seem that great.
Oh, and they don't even have pancakes on the brunch menu. I was disappointed about that.
I'm not pressed to go back for brunch, but I will give it a chance for dinner.My boyfriend and I went to Brick last Friday for dinner. This was our second time dining for dinner here. I was very disappointed and felt my first experience was better. I am not sure if their prices have increased but our final bill was not worth what we ordered. You could easily go to Continental, do small plates, spend around the same and enjoy your meal more.  
I will say in the Summer I did enjoy a brunch outside on the street.Went here with a Groupon (like everyone else who was dining with us that night one day before it expired), and was overall pleased with the experience.  The space is a relatively nondescript, comforting atmosphere, and the wait staff was very friendly.  The menu is concise but diverse in it's offerings.  The tuna wontons were not quite what I expected (not your typical fried wonton) but they were quite good.  Very fresh, good flavors and the tuna was seared perfectly.  My husband had the steak, which he  easily cleaned is plate of and I had the scallops, probably the last batch of the night (at 6pm).  Easily a hit, and glad I got to try them.  Our table neighbors were surely jealous that they were now unavailable.  I would definitely return here with another Groupon (an amazing deal for $20!) but would also probably go just for the heck of it as well.I have now been to Brick three times.  Brick is incredibly average (overall) and without their constant groupons it would be difficult to return.  The servers are always extremely friendly, but service outside can be spotty.  
I think the seafood at brick is the best thing going for it, if you go just get the seafood and I think you will be happy.  I would recommend to check out their seafood specials as I have never been disappointed.  The scallops, crab legs, crab cakes, and skate are great.  The Lamb burger was also very good.  The Thai Chili shrimp may actually make you go back.  
The Duck Nachos were really bad, soggy homemade Doritos with some duck on top gets one star, the grilled Caesar was also disappointing.  (I will note that other reviews rave about the Duck Nachos so maybe its just me).  
At this point we are at four stars at best, there are not many places in the area where there are numerous dishes that I would avoid.  I think what makes this place a three star is the pricing.  This simply isn't a $10 cocktail, $6 beer kind of place.  That sounds kind of silly but with so many other options coupled with some bad dishes its a tough sell.  It especially doesn't work when the location (middle of the block in residential) and feel (brick of course) are that of a neighborhood place.  
All in all, I would still suggest that you try Brick.  Stick to the seafood and apart from feeling like your bill is $20 more than it should have been you should have a fine time.
The fact is that BRICK CAN DO BETTER.  In my opinion (and by reading the reviews the opinion of most) Brick needs two things to become more successful: An identity (read they need to stick with seafood and do it well, not mess around with dishes they can't execute or are totally random) and get to a price point where people will want to go without using groupons.  If those two things happened I think this place would have much higher reviews.Came here for a surprise party for my sister so I was upstairs in the piano bar-Dahlias. We had a great time. The decor is 50s pinup vintage and it could go wrong, but I thought it just worked. We had appetizers only, but they were all great. Simple American bar cuisine but it hit the spot. The staff was also great. I'll definitely be coming back.Went here using a Groupon (1 small plate, 2 big plates).  The Thai Chili Shrimp were good, also enjoyed the bread which started off the meal.  Husband ordered the Pesto Ravioli and we both loved the cream sauce.  I enjoyed my steak, especially the potatoes, and was pleased that it was included with the Groupon, since most restaurants usually remove the higher priced items.  The service was good and we did not feel slighted because of the Groupon, which is also a pretty common occurrence at most places.  Overall, good meal for the discounted price, good service, nice atmosphere.  I'd recommend it, but would hesitate to go back if I was paying full-price.Don't know if it's just because I'm used to faster service but had lunch reservations here while visiting Philly and our food took a really long time to get to us. I felt bad for the table behind us because they were sitting there when we got there and looked annoyed that they haven't been served yet. When our food finally arrived, the poached egg over crab cakes were cold, home fries cold, English muffin barely toasted so it became soggy. Refills of coffee took forever.. what restaurant doesn't keep salt and pepper at the table? When asked, took again forever to get. Half the meal was done before we could season the food and the salt and pepper shaker tops were crusted and looked as if it hadn't been cleaned.. EVER. My country skillet was at least hot and tasted OK. The side of wheat toast I ordered was 1 piece of toast cut in half. Really.. just 1 piece of toast? We were starved when we got there and was so disappointed in the service and food. I was given this place to go because of reviews about the food were good, when I checked Yelp the 3 stars gave me pause but I said what the hell, let's try it. Never will I doubt fellow Yelpers again. All the reviews say the same. Mediocre food and lousy service. Don't botherif u can't handle all that tables why you have it? Reservation does not mean anything for u guys.I wait 15 minutes after than my food came 1 hour later..and i left without  eat anything.Food was cold and yucky ..Never ever again..Do not go here! Food came out cold! Was microwaved and returned to table! 
I came here once before for my anniversary and it was amazing! So we went back and it was a shadow of it's former self. Also, all of the tables around us were having trouble with their food as well. It's unfortunate, because I've recommended it to so many people and now I hope that they don't go.The food was delicious.  We ordered the short rib mac and cheese for starters,  for mains we had the scallops and steak and had a home made ricotta cheese pie for dessert.  The restaurant was small but had great ambience.
Really loved it ,will visit again!  The only reason we didn't give it 5 stars was because the prices were a bit high.  But luckily we purchased a Groupon deal, which made it a great value.Took my mother and my 4 year old son for the Groupon dinner. 
Service was great! Hostess was friendly and understanding when my mother was running late. Bartenders were helpful. In fact, they told me that you didn't have to pay the meter on Wednesdays when I went to ask for change. Even joked that they'd pay if I got a ticket. Waitress was attentive even though it was packed.
Atmosphere was cozy. Noise level was energetic but not too much. Food was great. Got the fish and chips (my son loved) for small plate. Mom got the crab cakes (much more crab than cake.. YUM!) and I got the steak, which my son devoured.
Great neighborhood find. I'll be back.Small restaurant in a location off the beaten path.  We've eaten here several times. Can be a bit noisy at weekend brunch, probably due to the bottomless pitcher specials. Service ranges from slow to incredibly slow. Menu for lunch appears to be getting smaller-more focus on egg dishes, no short rib sandwich or short rib Mac and cheese - so I'm not sure we will return.Note: This review is from the end of summer/early Fall.
I was a little hesitant to purchase a Groupon for Brick because of the negative reviews. However my husband and I were due for a date night so I decided to give it a chance. What we found were that the subpar reviews were spot on. 
We originally arrived on a weeknight and our table wasn't ready yet. We decided to sit at a bar and order a beer. The beer was lukewarm, at best. We tried to be polite and finish the beer but half way through we let the bartender know that the beer was too warm and we couldn't finish it, and we weren't even offered a refund or choice or another drink. Strike one. 
We were offered a table outside and sat down and immediately noticed a swarm of about 25 flies hovering over the table. We let the hostess know that we would like to be moved inside. We didn't count this against them because they can't really control the outside environment. However what the flies seemed to be gravitating towards was a few piles of wet leaves, which could have been easily swept away and the problem would have been solved.
When we arrived to the dining room, it was stifling hot. We asked for ice water and were brought back room temperature water and it took a couple more tries to actually get a cold drink. Strikes two and three. We were placed in between two other couples. The tables were so close that the couples on both sides of us were visibly uncomfortable. I know that a lot of the small restaurants in this area have intimiate dining with the tables close but these tables were a bit too close to sit and have a relaxing dinner. We originally ordered the Groupon to try two specific appetizers. To our luck, they were "out of stock" of both of them. We were pretty surprised because it seemed like a slower weeknight so we chose some other appetizers which we weren't excited about and could have easily made at home. The most surprising thing though is that the couple that sat down next to us (and ordered 10 minutes after us) was served both of the appetizers that we were told were "out of stock"! Additionally, the fruit fly problem in the main dining room was also very disturbing. I (as well as the people sitting around me) were swatting flies off of our food during the entire meal. 
The main courses were actually quite good (hence the 2 stars) even though the portions were quite small. The chicken came with a side of vegetables but it was like 2 green beans and 2 potatoes the size of my thumb. Very disappointing, especially considering the normal menu price. The waiter was also polite however I'm still wondering why he told us those appetizers were "out of stock" when he himself took an order for them 10 minutes later. The negatives: flies outside, warm beer, difficulties obtaining ice water, fruit fly swarm inside, no working air conditioning inside, tables too close together, and being "out of stock" of certain food but serving it to other customers 20 minutes later. The positives: main dish was tasty. Server was nice.
We really wanted to like Brick but it fell short. We felt like we overpaid even with the Groupon. I would be glad to come back here a year from now to see if they have improved the quality of their restaurant since many of the Yelpers seem to have had the same experience as myself.We bought a groupon for 4 to eat at the Brick American Eatery. Their was an extensive menu on line, but when we got there, they gave us the menu that was all on 1 piece of paper. I am a vegetarian, and had seen some vegetarian dishes on line, but they were taken off of the menu. They explained that they were in the middle of redoing their menu. I ordered the potato Gnochi, which was the only vegetarian entree. They were out of it!!! The only vegetarian salad was delicious. Everyone else enjoyed their salads too. The chef made up a vegetarian dish for me of braided string beans and sauce. It was by no means an entree, and I was extremely disappointed!!! The other people thought that their entrees were okay. Their dessert menu did not have one non chocolate dessert on it, so my husband couldn't eat one. For a large sum of money they gave us a piece of cake with a little bit of whip cream, which was not worth the cost and was only average. The waiter was nice, but we were so disappointed by the lack of choices.I had a travelzoo promotion here that was expired and the owner still took it. Soo nice! Food was delicious, service was great! I will def. be back! The mussels and the scallops were delish!!So- I was between 3-4 stars for Brick American Eatery.  
I happened to think that the food here was very good.  I don't have a complaint about it.  My boyfriend and I came here with a Groupon- which seems to be the norm here which actually turned us off a bit.  Once we were seated, our server (who was great btw) asked if we were here with a deal.  Of course, it's good to get that out in the open from the start... it just made us feel that everyone there was using one too (from the reviews it seems it).
We were able to order 2 apps/small plates, 2 drinks, and 2 entrees.  We tried the special of the night- Smoked Salmon Egg Rolls and the Prosciutto/Goat Cheese Flatbread.  Both were fabulous.  
For our entrees, we shared the Lamb Burger and the Sea Scallops.  The Lamb Burger was very juicy and flavorful.  Just delicious.  The Scallop dish was so yummy and beautifully presented too.  They were cooked perfectly which is key for scallops, so we were very pleased.
We were able to eat outside but the atmosphere was a little dead, especially for a Friday night at 8:30.  
I'd come back with another groupon, but otherwise it's a little expensive for me personally.  Food is great though... not a bad option for a date night.One of our favorite restaurants in towns. A Groupon deal brought me in here and have been here a couple times since. The lamb burger is what makes us come back. 
Order: Favorites are Lamb burger, Short rib mac and cheese, duck nachos. Lamb burger is to die for... served on a brioche bun, good combo of spices that do not overwhelm the natural taste of lamb. It is large enough to share with an additional app or small plate selection. Made my top 5 burgers I ever had. The short rib mac has sufficient pieces of short rib, good portion for the price. I'm a softy for duck, this is a unique yet light dish to start the meal. They also have specials that are worth trying, we had their gnocchi, they were light and full of flavor, like biting into a cloud.  
Service: Servers are friendly and know the menu well. They can be more attentive, there were a few times we had to waive them down for more water or to get our check.
Overall: You will crave their lamb burger. You be a regular before you know it.
Side Note: Look out for a living social, groupon, travelzoo deals, etc. Seems like they have been regularly partnering up with these companies. More bang for your buck!We used a groupon deal to get a good dinner during the week.  The food was fantastic, but the crowded environment definitely detracts from the meal.  We could hear everything our neighbors were saying and it was a bit awkward.  The service is top notch, and I'm sure if we had different seats I would be giving a better review.  We'll be coming back here for another try...This was the second time I went to brick. We had a groupon the first time, and the food was great. Unfortunately, my experience wasnt the same the second time around. 
There was only one waitress who was also the hostess, so service was extremely slow. 
The thai shrimp was delicious . 
The crab cakes we good as well. 
The chicken parmesan was dry, like ridiculously dry. The chicken was really chewy, so I ended up just eating the pasta they gave on the side. It felt like a waste of money. 
Then for dessert I had the banana bread pudding because that was the only option [i wish I knew they didnt have a dessert selection before I saved room for it!] Regardless, the dessert wasnt that good either. 
The place is way overpriced for the type of food you get. I would recommend you go there only if you have a groupon or living social deal.I've never had food here but was happy that groupon offered a great deal - 1 small plate, 2 large.  To start, my friend and I ordered the grilled caesar and short rib mac and cheese.  The caesar was odd to me - I liked the grilled flavor, but not the wilted leaves.  I definitely won't order it again if I return, but at least I was glad to try it.  The mac and cheese was so good!  It was a decent portion for a large dish (not huge like another reviewer commented).  Both my friend and I ordered the steak.  It was cooked to perfection (medium rare) and was doused with truffle butter.  My only comment would be that I wish the veggies were roasted instead of swimming in liquid (which was tasty, mind you).  I give Brick a solid three.  The service was excellent - our waitress was attentive and offered refills when she noticed our drinks were almost finished.Brick's location is off the beaten path - I probably never would have found it if it wasn't for Groupon.  
The restaurant is actually quite lovely. You'll see the bar when you first enter which I can't say is much to look at, but as you squeeze past it you'll find a charming dining room. The room is dim with ambient lighting and understated decor. 
Our server was very nice, attentive and accepted our Groupon without issue. 
I started my meal with a Cranberry Champange. It was tasty but I couldn't detect that Pomegranate Schnapps that was supposedly in it.
For my meal I chose the pork tenderloin with sauteed peaches and strawberries and whipped chipotle potatoes. The pork was cooked well and the fruit was a pleasant accompaniment. The issue I had with the plate was that the fruit was VERY juicy and said just mixed with my potatoes which made them runny and...fruity. Not a good combination.
My boyfriend had the chicken and seemed to really enjoy it.
There is another Groupon available for Brick and I'm thinking about making another trip to Lombard street to use it. I'm not sure I'd go back to pay full price, but with a coupon I'd say it's worth it.RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL MANAGER DO NOT PATRONIZE THIS RESTAURANT! Response to comment on bad dining experience was "So?" No stars is the real rating. My mother in law loved this place and it was good the last few visits. We went for her birthday last night and waited 45 minutes for terrible entrees that were missing ingredients. My mother in law didn't eat her gnocchi and told the waiter it wasn't good. We were not provided any apologies or concession on the bill. All tables around us were experiencing the same unapologetic sub par service and food. We paid and left, but my mother in law let the manager know it wasn't a great experience and his response was, "So?" My mother in law, shocked, let the rest of the bar know what he said and he then ushered her out screaming at her in front of everyone. He was an unprofessional, disrespectful A-HOLE and I'll make sure everyone I know does not go here. WHAT A JERKVery cute restaurant, and good food with great service! The wait staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. Center city prices, but probably because the quality of the food is THAT much higher than your run of the mill restaurant. My fiancee had the crab cakes, which were very good, he said, because they were full of crab meat, and not a bunch of filler. I had the steak, which was perfectly prepared and delicious. We also tried the mac and cheese and salad, both of which were quite good. We'll be back! :-)Good service, trendy decorum, and best of all: amazing food! Definitely try the scallops, they were the best I've ever had!Brick brunch - worth it! They serve you muffin "bottoms" with a flavored butter/cream cheese (I honestly couldn't tell what it was) to start. Two people ordered eggs benedict variations (veggie and surf & turf) and loved them. I ordered the breakfast burrito and was satisfied with the taste, but even more satisfied with the value (I couldn't even finish it along with the homefries and fruit it came with). Their sweet dishes sounded great - I know there was a ricotta stuffed french toast and chocolate waffles.I feel bad writing a 2 star review for Brick, but I've given them ample opportunity to change my mind and they've, honestly, failed.
I was a HUGE fan of Fish when it was at this location - I live a few blocks away and would frequent Fish for happy hour more times than I'd like to admit. They had great drink specials, delicious food options at reduced HH prices and the best bartenders in the city (in my opinion). Since Fish moved - sob - and the location reopened as Brick I figured I might as well see if it would make for a good replacement.
First few visits were for happy hour. They have some drink specials, but you have to ask to hear about them. They have no food specials, which I find somewhat disappointing. The bartenders have been nice and by no means incapable, but they simply don't compare to their Fish predecessors. Overall Brick @ Happy Hour gets 3.5 stars.
After the Philly marathon I headed there to try out their brunch with two friends. We'd made a reservation, but had to wait for nearly half an hour after the reso time. They did provide us each with a free drink as an apology, which was much appreciated. My Bloody Mary was GREAT. A+. The food, however, was disappointing. Took nearly 50 minutes for it to come out after ordering (they were busy but I mean, come on. They should love a brunch rush, not crumble under the pressure of one), and my portion size was depressing. I ordered the South Philly Skillet ($10) - it wasn't nearly warm enough when it was brought to the table and there was about 6 forkfuls of food on the plate. To top it off, one of my friends requested wheat bread with her omelette. After the 45 minutes wait for food, she was brought out her order with white bread and told that they'd run out. Fine, I guess. Except as we got up to leave the table next to us was served their meal with wheat bread! So weird and annoying. Brunch gets 3 stars, if only for the free drink. What can I say...you can certainly buy my happiness when I'm out dining :)
For my third test, I headed to Brick last week for dinner. I had purchased a Groupon for $50 of food for $25, and was excited to see what I could get for that amount. My date and I decided to get 4 small plates instead of any big plates. Note - there were two total couples dining on the Sunday night, including us. 
We ordered the short rib mac and cheese ($14), duck nachos ($10) (which I'd had during happy hour before and liked), tuna wontons ($12) and crab&artichoke dip ($14). I hate saying this, but every single item was terrible. We couldn't even eat the mac and cheese - it was overcooked store bought PENNE with what tasted like cheese whiz. The nachos for the duck and tuna wontons were so stale it was shocking, and the crab and artichoke dip...something had gone wrong I think. It was either terribly oversalted or had too much garlic, couldn't tell which. The prices were so high for the serving sizes, too. The dip was enough for two people to share as an appetizer, and for $14 it was just embarrassing. Same goes for the mac and cheese - there was maybe three ounces of short rib on there.
What bothered me the most, beyond the bad food, was that the waitress clearly could tell we ate none of it and couldn't have cared less. When we handed over the certificate to pay (total came to $50...I swear it was a coincidence), we also gave a few bucks to cover the tax and were planning to tip on top of it. She took the check, disappeared and never came back. We saw her at the bar eating her dinner! What?! We were confused, annoyed and really had no idea where our change for the tax went. I guess she assumed it was her tip? I mean it was barely a few dollars. But since she refused to come back with the change we just walked out, right past her. The whole situation was laughable. And we went to Quick Fixx to pick up an actual edible meal. Hate paying for two dinners, even if the first was half off via a deal site. Dinner = 1/2 star
Wow this may be my longest review to date. Sorry, Brick! I really did want to like you, I swear. And you're on Groupon again today...maybe I should buy another? (hint: that's sarcastic)We had brunch there this weekend. The farm fresh scrambled eggs and potatoes were served cold after a lengthy wait. Our server was attentive but seemed frazzled. We'll try Brick again because its in the neighborhood and is new. The first visit was certainly a disappointment.I went back to Brick my second time to get the Short rib mac and cheese again. 
I remembered the short rib mac and cheese being so delicious. However, this time it was alright..there was nothing special about it. The cheese kind of tasted cheep, there was not a lot of short rib like my first visit, the macaronis were TOO soft.  
The Thai chili shrimp was great though!! I was actually confused for a moment if the shrimp was chicken because it was that good! (I hope this makes sense...) The chili sauce was not too sweet and the shrimp was fried really well. not soggy, not too much batter, just the right crunch! 
The Flat Iron Steak was very tender and grilled with the right redness in the middle. The brussel sprouts were very good but I wished they had more of it though. 
The Homemade ravioli really surprised me. The pesto sauce- yum!! the cheesy ravioli- yummm!! I think Brick's ravioli is one of the better ravioli's i had anywhere else!   If I go back to Brick, I definitely want to get this again.
I did not like our waitress though. She was not rude but she seemed like a "highschool waitress".  If you are serving in Rittenhouse, I think you can be a  little more "professional". She did not tell us about happy hour drinks until I asked as well. The other waiter had the same "i don't care so much" attitude too. 
Brick will not wow you, but it is not too bad either. I don't know if I will go back for dinner just because I know I can find better places around the area but I do want to try brunch here.Brunch at Brick?  Stellar.  
Went on a late Saturday morning and the restaurant had plenty of seating.  I love the simple decor and all the cute details...like the way milk for your coffee is served in a teeny tiny jar!
I had the Eggs Florentine which was served with potatoes and fresh fruit and everything was delicious.  Servings are so big that my friend and I could not finish our plates!
Delicious, affordable food coupled with friendly,speedy service AND cute decor makes this place a solid 5 stars.I don't want to champion Brick, but I wont put them down either. I feel as if some of the reviews they've received here have been a little harsh. They seem to genuinely care, and they are making an effort, it's just that they're just not quite reaching the level of service their pricing requires.
I won't go into the negatives, because there are problems to be sure, but I haven't found them to be horrific. And there are positives: the bar is nice; the service I've received has been good; the menu is clear and concise, and they're not being pretentious with things like a bone-marrow reduction, stacked presentations, or "foam". Overall, the food is very good (with minor glitches), and if you look at their pricing in comparison to the competition, it's actually fairly in-line. 
The downfall is that the little things do add up, and when you've got a little on the front of the house and a little on the back of the house, it can be distracting. Hopefully they'll put more focus on the very basics, and then add a little more polish.
Do yourself a favor and try them when they're not busy, either early on a Friday or Saturday night, or even better, during the week, and you might just be surprised.Delicious hollandaise, excellent poached egg, and the crab cake was probably 90% crab! (I'm not certain how it held together, but it was wonderful.) I'm normally a purist when it comes to eggs Benedict, but I was glad that I branched out a little bit today. Bottomless mimosas and Bloody Marys are available for $20, or individually for $7.  
The main dining room inside was too loud for us, echoing off the attractive hardwood decor, but the bar and sidewalk seating were delightful, especially on a sunny morning. Our server, Monica, was extremely cheerful and took great care of us. We had other things on our agenda or else we would have happily sat there drinking in the day (and mimosas) for hours!Let me start off by telling you, I am a third generation American. So, it goes without saying I know American food. My never been on the boat Mother makes some of the best American cuisine around.   My palette has been honed to know each special flavor in U.S. chow. 
I don't want to brag about my heritage but let's just say I almost always bbq on the 4th of July. I knew at least half the words to a couple patriotic songs.I can name more than a handful of Former U.S. presidents.
When I learned Brick American Eatery was opening in my neighborhood, I was very excited. Brick is a family run operation,. I suppose they must have family values. The food is well prepared and the service is friendly and efficient, like the park rangers at the liberty bell. The duck and cherry flat bread was just how my grandmother would have made it if she had ever got the notion. I enjoyed a few of their cocktails especially the dark and stormy. There is plenty of outside seating which should be guaranteed in the Constitution.
All in all, I have to give Brick a perfect ten. No, make that a twelve. this is an American eatery and we don't need no stupid metric system.Good food.  Tuna wantons were very small for the price.  The service was friendly but terribly slow.So disappointing for so many reasons.  Read about Brick in an article and the $20 brunch special for all you can drink Sangria, Mimosas caught my eye.  I love Sangria and that is a great deal.  And, there was a groupon.  So four of us went on Saturday for a 1pm reservation.  The place was packed.  Good sign.  There was some guy from the Eagles there.  Good sign.  Went up to the bar for a Sangria...."We don't have Sangria available".  WHAT???  It is all over your menu and in the article.  That was my first disappointment.  But I am flexible and can make due with Mimosas.  So we were seated, the waitress was great.  She was so overwhelmed because the place was jam packed but we told her, as long as we have drinks we are in no rush so do what you need to do and come back when you are ready.  Mimosas were average at best but like I said, I was there for the non existent Sangria so who knows.  We ordered the french toast as an appetizer just to each have a taste as it came with cannoli icing and sounded delish.  It took a while to show up which was no prob because we specifically said we were not in a rush.  However, when it did show up it was BURNT & COLD.  Pitiful.  Then we all ordered entrees and one was worse than the next.  The Big Al sandwich is 4 store made meatballs-this is South Philly adjacent and we know our meatballs.  C'mon, dont embarrass yourself with terrible meatballs.  The sauce was nothing to brag about either.  Maybe someone who knows nothing about meatballs and gravy would like this sandwich but I felt is was a sad excuse for a menu item.  Also, the kaiser roll that it was in...Burnt.  So even if the balls and gravy had been decent, it was essentially ruined with the burnt roll.  And, it was pretty cold when delivered to the table.  I had the Taco special.  There was nothing special about it.  And cold when delivered to table.  Friend had the crab-cake Benedict....Eww.  And the burger..sub par.  Since we had $120 to spend with the Groupon, we got 4 entrees to go to meet out bill requirements.  That was cool that they let us do that.  I would never return here and would not only not recommend it.  We wasted our time and our money there and I feel awful for dragging my friends to Brick.  Luckily after we left, we went over to Jose Pistola's and had a few beers and apps and lets just say....wow it was amazing.Having to relive my dining experience there to write this review is making me cringe- if zero stars were an option, this is exactly what I would be giving it. 
I went on Friday night thanks to a groupon I purchased several months back- before various deals were being offered on a daily basis (should've been a huge red flag). We arrived promptly at 8:30 for our reservation to find the bar area filled to capacity with lots of sweating people - thanks to a barely functioning Air Conditioner on a 100 degree day. 
Once we were seated, close to 9pm, I was excited about sitting in a cool air conditioned dining room- wrong! Apparently the AC's were barely functioning throughout the entire restaurant, not just the bar! 
In hopes to cool off, I quickly looked over the drink menu, to be told that almost half of the beers they were out of. I decided on a margarita on ice to help with the heat issue. Ha- my margarita was served lukewarm. For those of you who have never tried to choke down a mediocre margarita over "ice" (as I'm not sure if there was ever any ice added) - I wouldn't recommend it. My date's beer also came out more or less room temperature.
On to the small plates- which we decided on the Rock Shrimp and Tuna Wontons. The Rock Shrimp were by far the highlight of the meal. A good amount of shrimp, good flavor, and ample blue cheese to add some very good flavor to the dish. The tuna wontons left something to be desired- mainly, more tuna. It came on 4 large fried wonton chips, each with a tiny serving of tuna- which didnt even taste fresh.
For my entree, I ordered the scallops dish- which the waiter assured me was phenomenal. It came out with 5 scallops absolutely covered in the tomato cream sauce. I am going to assume this was to cover the fact that the chef had no idea how to properly cook scallops and that they were less than fresh to say the least. 
I left hot, completely disappointed and confused - how can the owners of Fish open up a restaurant in the same location, and not know how to properly cook...anything? Awful experience! Avoid the temptations of all the deal sites out there offering up specials- there is a reason you can buy one almost any day of the week!My husband and I arrived early for our 5:00 reservation (just 10 minutes) and was happily seated, and bread, water and a menu. We ordered Thai shrimp and we each got the steak. I did order my steak well done and it was perfect! My husband so enjoy his med steak too.  Needless to say every bit of our meal was delicious. But I do have to say when I saw bussel sprouts on my plate with the steak I thought I was only going to eat the steak but for the first time in 10 years I ate them.  Sooo good !!!!!!! Enjoy using groupon and will look for a deal again.  Waitress was nice. Going on an off night (Thursday )and early is what we will do again.....We really enjoyed this place. We started off sitting outside, but the storm clouds got a little ominous, and they very very accommodating about moving us inside. The food was delicious. The waiter was charming, kind, and funny, and all four plates were delicious. We had a broad array of food, and it was all awesome. We'll be back for sure! This place is great for dates or nights out with a few good friends. Sitting outside is great, but inside is great too.
We also came here for brunch! Oh my goodness delicious. Everything was great - even the coffee :) Brunch coffee is never good, so that was amazing. Definitely coming back here. Also love the Groupon promotions.
** Addendum: I am taking off a star because we went to Brick this past weekend again and the service was pretty bad. The bartender just chatted with the other patrons the entire time, didn't refill our water, didn't ask us if we needed anything else, didn't offer to get us butter or jam. We were pretty disappointed.Worst. Experience. Ever. 
What a mistake thinking I would be smart during the recent Philly heatwave and not cook at home. The entrance area at Brick was only being cooled by one AC that could not stand up to the full bar of people. We weren't seated for our 830 reservation until 850 but that was when we entered the sauna that was the dining room, absolutely unbearable. 
For beer there is only bottle beers and on this night 3/8 were out. I ordered a yuengling that came out room temperature, gross. For appetizers the rock shrimp was pretty tasty (reminded me of Bang Bang at Bonefish), but the tuna wontons were a weak plate. Very small pieces of fish with no real kick like I had hoped while the actual wontons did not taste very fresh. I had the crab cakes for an entree which by themselves were acceptable but the other components ruined the dish. My attempt to try the pasta resulted in me picking up the whole pile of capellini which was stuck together, way beyond even the al dente threshold. It was also cold and when I questioned the waiter I was dismissed immediately. If i wasn't already overheating I might have made a bigger deal of this but I just wanted this nightmare to end. There was some random beets on the plate too which were a completely misplaced addition. 
Our waiter took my plate with half of the food still left and didn't even ask if I wanted it wrapped up. I was really looking forward to trying this place and purchased a groupon a while ago. Since then, a ton of deals here have popped up for Brick which raised some red flags for me. Clearly these fears were warranted as I can't see how they except any neighbor residents to be repeat customers. I'm shocked it is sitting at 4 Yelps stars but I'm interested to follow some of the more recent reviews and see if the recent Stollenwerk turmoil at Fish is carrying over. But for now I would suggest proceed with caution, and do not try to beat the heat here.After reading such horrid reviews about this place, I was not expecting much, so I was pleasantly surprised that the food was actually pretty good.  The Travelzoo coupon we also had, sweetened the deal as it was only 50 bucks for a bottle of wine, 2 apps and 2 entrees.  Our waiter was pretty friendly and attentive.  The only negative aspect about this place was the not so friendly hostess.  I think she may be the main deterrent for me not coming back here.  She seemed extremely irritated the entire time and also seated a party that came in after me who also had reservations after mine.
Apps: 
Tuna Wontons: 4 pieces of seared tuna on 4 crispy wontons.  Really flavorful.  
Blue Bay Mussels:  Amazing broth.  We had to ask for extra bread to sop up the delicious broth.  
Entrees:
Crab Cakes: Shockingly, not a lot of filler and a good amount of crab.  
Flat Iron Steak:  Cooked perfectly.
I'm not sure if I will come back here without a coupon since it seems pricey.  Or I may walk by and see if the angry hostess is at the door to see if I should go in.WARNING - this place does not have air conditioning.  Or at least it didn't when we visited.  Despite some wall units that must have been broken, they had overhead fans and a floor fan set up.  But when a large group came it, they took the floor fan away and set it up on a table next to the group.  Um, it was 100 degrees last week!  Our waiter said something about the shot of freon they ordered not working...  but we stayed because I had bought a living social coupon.
I'd like to compliment our waiter.  He was very nice and from his conversation at a nearby table, I get the impression that this is a family run business that's doing the best they can.  And I love to support small businesses, but I can't recommend this place.  
Besides the heat, we asked if the lamb burger actually had Worcestershire in it (and not just on the side like the menu said. He said it didn't and we explained my husband's allergy.  We gave him our order but b/f he left, I could tell he didn't seem that confident so I asked him to double-check (my husband is super allergic to fish, which is in worcestershire).  Thank goodness I thought of that, because he came back and said, yes indeed, it is mixed in.
So my husband ordered the American burger.  It was just okay.  I had the scallops which were way overcooked.  The white bean side was delicious though.
I almost forgot to mention the nacho appetizer.  The only thing the nachos had were cheese, not homemade guacamole, chicken and TWO grape tomatoes cut in half.  SPARSE.  
I really think you have some nice people who are trying to be in the biz but have no idea about quality of food or how to run a business.Had a great dinner at Brick. We were able to get a table outside and the service was really good despite what others reviewers were saying. Everything came out at a good pace and we never felt rushed. We ordered the rock shrimp, pork dumplings, and crab cake apps, and I had the seared tune entree and my boyfriend had the steak sandwich. Everything was really good, no complaints. I also had the strawberry lemonade cocktail it was fantastic. I would highly recommend it!Found a Groupon for brick and decided to try dinner here with 3 friends. Our server was friendly and attentive, so no issues there. However, the food was simply mediocre. We started with the mussels and the short rib mac and cheese. I will say that the sauce the mussels were in was delicious, however, the mussels themselves were tiny. The short rib mac and cheese was good, but I literally only found a few tiny pieces of short rib in there! Again, it tasted good, but was definitely not as robust as we had hoped for (especially given the $12 price tag for a small serving of it). 
My main entree was the most disappointing part of the meal. I ordered salmon oscar and the portion size was also nothing to rave about. The biggest downfall of this dish was that the crab meat was pathetic. There were no beautiful lumps of crab meat like you usually see on "oscar" dishes. Instead, there were a few pieces of what looked like claw meat or some kind of backfin variety of crab meat. It was honestly a sad presentation of salmon oscar. Again the salmon itself was good, but the overall dish was very lack luster. 
Lastly, for dessert we shared a piece of red velvet cake and tiramisu. The red velvet cake was ok but neither dessert was anything to write home about. 
Overall, I would absolutely never go to Brick and pay full price for the food. I am a foodie and am willing to 'annie up' for a good meal, but I have had much better dinners in Center City for this kind of price point. Unfortunately, I can't recommend Brick for your next meal. 
And lastly, after ordering nearly $200 of food/drink in the restaurant, the management asked us to leave our table because we had already paid and were sitting for too long (at this point the server had picked up our check about 15 minutes prior). Apparently there were people waiting to eat...when we looked around there were at least 3 empty tables in the dining room! Thumbs down.DEAL: I've been here twice with Groupons and really liked it.
The service was good both times.
VIBE: It's kind of a casual place trying to be classy or vice versa but it works. Simple and not overdone.
DRINKS:The cocktails are really good. Tried the Meadow Mule and Pyrat Storm and both were great.
FOOD: Tried (and LOVED): Duck Nachos, Tuna Wontons (although both are kind of small-like 4 pieces with some garnish, but hey, they're small plates), thai chili shrimp, the salmon (the chickpea puree and dill yogurt sauce is an amazing combo), crabcakes, sea scallops, pork tenderloin with peaches and strawberries and mashed potatoes was also a great combo!
VERDICT: Would go back, and would recommend , even when you are going out with friends who aren't particularly adventurous eaters-this is enough outside of their comfort zone so you will like it, and enough within theirs so they do.Good food at a good price. My brunch omelette was on the small side but well executed and tasty.Simply AMAZING!!!!!!!!!! The staff was attentive, friendly, knowledgable about all of the menu items. I felt totally comfortable, felt like dinner with extended family (friendly staff) host is definitely MAGNIFICENT. As soon as you walk in the establishment you see directly into the kitchen which always put me at ease and I noticed it was clean. The glasses of wine are definitely worth 9$. It's like 2 glasses in one cup. I highly suggest dining with them. If your going to bring more than 4 people call ahead for table. Must try the Crabcakes, Scallops, Cornbread Chicken and whatever else is on the menu.What a fabulous neighborhood gem! We were excited to try Brick after walking past it several times and smelling some wonderful creations being created in their kitchen.
We opted to sit outside so I can't really tell you much about the decor/ambiance.  The service was great throughout the meal and our server was great at making suggestions and keeping our drinks full. Price-wise I felt the portions were small for what we paid... especially for the drinks (be prepared to pay $10- $15 for all cocktails).
The food was pretty good. We tried the short rib mac and cheese and while my date loved it, I thought it was something I could have easily recreated at home in 7 minutes.  There wasn't enough uniqueness to the dish and I found the flavor to be overly simple... there also could have been more short rib to the dish (it was 95% mac and cheese). If we came back I would definitely try a different small plate.
For our entrees we each ordered one of the specials. I ordered fish and he ordered the surf and turf. Our entrees were cooked to perfection and everything we had hoped for. The sides were yummy as well and we left full and content.
I recommend trying Brick especially if you're in the neighborhood!Came here with a Groupon and was very disappointed by most of the meal. The crab and artichoke dip wasn't bad and they have a decent happy hour from 5-7 each night, but it's all downhill from there.
The cornbread chicken was something I could have made at home...and I don't even know how to cook. It was bland, dry, and there was three pieces. If I paid the $23 for this in full I would have been very angry. it came with a side of mashed potatoes that also could be made at home and green beans. 
My girlfriend was also let down by the salmon she got with her meal.
Not worth it without a groupon and probably not worth it with the deal either.We will definitely be back! One of our favorite spots in center city Brick always pleases. The lamb burger is one i dream of and the appetizers you must try the duck nachos and hot wings make for fun conversation before dinner. The family feel keeps us coming back. Jason and his gang are always hospitable. Please don't miss this gem.What a disappointment.  I have wanted to try this place for awhile, thought it was the perfect addition to my former neighborhood...a cute neighborhood bar and restaurant in the sea of BYOB Italian.  
What saved this review from being 1 star was the friendly and attentive staff.  The hostess was friendly and honest about the wait time (crazy night in the city, every place was booked solid).  While waiting we had a drink at the bar, I am addicted to trying anything with ginger so I tried the Gingersnap Martini...very tasty and fairly priced at $10.  There was a Sangria that looked good but the way it was served it was all ice.    
Our server was friendly and helpful with menu suggestions and portion sizes.  One of his suggestions that was spot on was the appetizer Short Rib Mac 'n Cheese...creamy and cheesy, although a very small serving of the Short Rib...but a definitely a good size for sharing.  Very delicious sour dough bread was also served.  
Unfortunately things took a turn for the worst for the entree course (most are priced in the low to mid-20s range).  The server recommended the Pork Tenderloin (already had pork for lunch and didn't feel like it again).  I finally decided on the Crab Cakes.  What a complete disappointment, there 2 mini cakes about the size of slider and made mostly with filler with a bland pasta salad side.  Our server was wonderful about taking the dish away with no questions asked and getting another dish for me almost immediately.      
I decided to replace it with the Cornbread Chicken...another misstep...it was okay but nothing special, similar to the pre-made Perdue chicken in the grocery store with bland, lumpy mashed potatoes and 10 green beans (yes, I counted them ;-) as sides.  My friend liked her Caesar salad with salmon but the serving of salmon was very small.  
The dessert tray was quite impressive with about 7 choices.  We split a chocolate-peanut butter cake like dessert...very yummy...Visited Brick for the first time while spending a weekend in Philly. I found out about it through Groupon. I must say the food was excellent and service equally as good. We were seated immediately as our reservation was for 7pm. The short rib Mac and cheese was excellent as we the apps and drinks. We definitely plan to visit again during our next trip to Philly.I decided to try a "new" place, from my basic, generic cookie-cutter restaurant chains.  So, I tried Brick.  I found a Groupon, so I figured "why not".  My wife is complaining I never take her anywhere new, so it all worked out.  
This place is far from horrible.  But, I did have some problems with this place.  First of all, the menu I read online had a few items that weren't on the paper menu we received at the restaurant.  The restaurant had a bit of a feel like they were "pretending" to be more upscale than they really were.  Evidence of that is the Flatbread Du Jour on their menu, with the price listed as "Market Price"...when I received it, I was a little shocked to discover that it was nothing more than a MINI-PIZZA.  Why does a pizza need to be listed as "Market Price"...which turned out to be $13.  $13 for a pizza appetizer???
When I placed my order, for Braised Ribs, I was told that what I wanted wasn't prepped yet to be ordered, so I ordered a Flat Iron Steak.  15 minutes later, the Ribs were available, but my Steak was already being cooked, per my server.  
Let me first say that I always order my steak well done-no pink.  On the first attempt, it came to my table Medium Rare.  I sent it back.  It came back Medium Well, still with pink.  Rather than starve, I did eat it.  It was seasoned beautifully, but like I said, I wanted Well Done, not what I ate
It is pretty dark in there.  I understand, it's a part of the mood they're going for, but still I didn't like it.  It made it hard to see what I was eating, but I could still tell my steak wasn't cooked to my liking.
Finally, they mandated a 20% Gratuity on my bill.  Our sever was very attentive, and engaging, I have no complaints about that, but with not getting my desired order, and my 2nd choice being sent back, I wasn't going to tip 20%.  
All in all, if you're into the foo-foo-she-shee type of place, then go ahead.  The food is good, just not perfect.  It really seems like they're trying to be more than they are.It really is a shame that a negative review will happen right now since I used to come here for brunch with girl friends all the time and it is the first place my bf and I ever went to eat, however, the show must go on.
The brunch special is was lured me in ($15 all you can drink, why not?) The waiter, can't remember his name now (cute gay guy with nice hair) was great and honestly I might even put up with my other qualms if he was my server every time.
The last 2 times I went, the food took forever to come out, maybe 45mins+ since we ordered and when it came out it was cold and gross. They didn't have anymore sangria (how a restaurant runs out of wine is beyond me.)
AND THEY RAISED THE PRICE on almost everything, most importantly their bottomless drink special.We went there with a groupon to try it out.  We'd go back.   Portions are good,  food is tasty, service was great.  The menu is very different.   You almost expect it to have a more bar like menu and it does not.  The menu is more upscale with and very well presented.  We had tuna and crab cakes.  The crab cakes were apparently good.  The tuna was a bit wanting.  It needed something else on the plate to Blake it a big plate.  We also had calamari.  It was more of a calamari salad.We had a groupon deal to go here, getting us an app and two entree plates for a great price.  We had reservations, but ended up sitting at the bar.  It's a small bar, and a small outside seating, but there is a back room that has large windows that open it up.  We really enjoyed the Thai chili shrimp.  I had the scallops, which to me, were excellent.  My BF had the lamb burger and he enjoyed it very much.  They seemed to run out of some things on the menu, but I only knew that because a few people next to us were trying to order those.  I've been back without the Groupon and have enjoyed it.We had a Groupon here that we bought awhile back and since it was a Tuesday...well why not?  This cozy bar and restaurant just south of Rittenhouse could pass on looks alone for an upscale eatery, but sadly fails to deliver in really any other category.  With lackluster food, so-so service, and a menu that goes all over the place, Brick fails to distinguish itself from other eateries and falls right into that broad, dangerous category of "New American".
To start, we split an order of the short rib macaroni and cheese: a very large "small" plate of Barilla rigatoni noodles in an undercooked cheese sauce with thinly shredded short rib and caramelized onions.  It was okay.  Not great, but not worth raving about either.  The portion size was also way too big; I could have easily had that for dinner along with nothing else.  I'm glad that we decided to have only one small plate instead of two.
For my main course, I ordered the Crab Cakes.  On the menu, it's described as being served alongside lemon pesto capellini and summer vegetables.  Presented, the plate contained a large pile of pesto pasta along with two small crab cakes and a garnish of tomatoes and beets.  Where were my summer vegetables?  Why weren't the crab cakes the star of the dish?  Why was the pasta overcooked and tasted as if it sat in a deli container all day?  And why, above all things, did my dinner look like a freaking smiley face?  If I wanted to eat a giant smile for dinner, I would have gone to IHOP for all-you-can-eat Pancakes.
Also worth noting: the half-stale bread served before the appetizer, the weird choice of music that was neither romantic nor trendy but just seemed kind of off, the bus boy who looked like he just finished 10th grade with his ragged jeans (probably the owner's kid but he should be dressed more professionally), and that my boyfriend's "signature Manhattan" was promised to include one whiskey soaked cherry which never showed up.  However, our server was genial and warm.  She did a great job and was very knowledgeable about the menu and cocktails (props to her for memorizing the wine tasting notes, even if it seemed odd to note them).
Overall, I probably wouldn't return.  The food was expensive and not very good.  The menu tries to accomplish too much (duck nachos, thai shrimp, calamari salad, steak, scallops) without nailing a signature dish or cuisine.  The decor and ambiance was ok but reads more like an upscale restaurant when really this is a neighborhood bar.  They would do a much better job if they concentrated on creating a better, more cohesive menu with better, more fairly priced choices that don't try to "dress up" standard bar fare so much.  The crab cakes needed to be the star of the dish instead of playing second fiddle to the underwhelming pesto pasta.I don't write reviews often so when I do you know its for a good reason. This place is great. As soon as we walked through the door we thought to ourselves, this is such a cute little place, it'll be a great place for dinner. And then as soon as the appetizers came, i knew I had to write a review on yelp and the amazing dinner confirmed that thought.  Go there. it's good. and they have some nice drink specials too.Brick is your standard place for brunch. The food is good, service is fine, but dont expect anything extraordinary. I came here with a friend and we were told it was a 30 minute wait. There was no one else waiting, but we decided to sit at the bar so we didnt have to wait for a table.
We ordered coffee and I had a mimosa. My mimosa was fine. My only complaint with the mimosa was that the menu said it cost $5, but when the bill came they charged me $6. Not a huge deal, but I dont like the deception.
I ordered the breakfast burrito and my friend had the crabcakes benedict. While we waited for our food we were brought out a blueberry and a corn muffin with strawberry butter. The butter and muffins were pretty good.
We then waited for our food. and waited some more. Finally, when our stomachs were about to turn inside out, the food arrived. The meals came with some greasy potatoes and a few little pieces of fruit that just looked like an afterthought on the plate. The fruit looked like it had been cut days ago and like it was actually meant to go in a glass of sangria. It definitely did not hold up as fresh.
The burrito was good. Nothing special, but good enough to eat.
The service was fine. They refilled out water and coffee whenever we asked (never when unprompted though)
I wasnt impressed, but it wasnt terrible. This place is average in every way. If you come, be sure to use a groupon deal to save some money.I've eaten here a couple of times, because I lived in the neighborhood and had a groupon. The staff is always welcoming, but all of the food I've had here is mediocre. Think about that friend of yours that's learning how to cook and is trying out recipes from all corners of the Internet. Now and then, there might be a passable dish, but for the most part, things are either overly salty, completely unseasoned, oily beyond comprehension, or just plain bad.  I wouldn't return, even with groupon in hand.Good food, interesting menu, friendly service. They frequently use groupon which is definitely worth knowing.... This place has become decidedly mediocre since it opened. Hopefully they'll turn it back around soon.Like this place. Good food, good service. Pleasant location in a cool neighborhood. Good value with a groupon. Part of the rotation. Also dig the music and the vibe it carries.My boyfriend and I went for a weeknight date as we had a groupon. The space is really nice, and I especially loved the look of the bar area.
Yelpers led me astray on this one! 
While many complained of the service, I found our server to be just the right amount of attentive. I love anywhere that leaves extra water on the table, so I don't have to deal with my boyfriend stealing mine. 
Reviews mentioned the duck nachos were tiny, so imagine our surprise when a big plate of nachos arrived at our table. (Pic soon to come) In expectation of small appetizers, we ordered both the nachos and the short rib mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was delicious, I would order it again. The nachos were just okay; I could make them at home (if I got ahold of duck). Also, I found two big bones in them.
I ordered the salmon with chickpea puree. The puree was ice cold, which through me for a loop since I ordered a hot entree, I anticipated hot sides. It was pretty terrible on its own, but mixed with a bit of the dill yogurt sauce (tzatziki?) and the salmon, it was okay. The salmon was a bit dry, but I partially blame myself, as I usually order it slightly undercooked.
The boyfriend's cornbread chicken was good, yet nothing spectacular.
Overall, Brick is way too expensive for what it is. I wouldn't go back without a groupon (which every table within earshot of us was using), and even then I may only go back if it were on someone else's dime.My wife and I went to Brick over the weekend. We had been here once before and remembered it being pretty good. 
We were seated upstairs in the piano bar. They had a pretty good piano player that was singing smooth jams, quiet enough so we could still hold a conversation. 
We had a groupon so we ordered q few different dishes. We got a salad, and nachos as an appetizer. They were both good. Our entrees on the other hand both were not so good. She got the braised short ribs and I got the lamb burger. Both meats had a similar, over charred flavor. The burger would have been good if it wasn't for the heavy blackened flavor. The short ribs came with chipotle mash, which were pretty spicy. We heard the table behind us complaining about it too. 
Brick is a cool spot. I just hope they step their entrees back up.I give 3.5 stars. I live a block away from Brick and I finally got a chance to eat here. I had a Groupon deal with me and I would go back again without a deal in the future. The reason why I give 3.5 instead of 4 is b/c one entree wasn't as amazing as the others
-appetizer - short rib mac and cheese -4.5 stars
I dont like my mac and cheese too cheesy and the short rib mac and cheese from Brick just melted in my mouth! It was NOT too cheesy/saucy and salty and the short rib on top was juicy and so tender. I want it again rght now as I'm reviewing Brick. 
-entree1 - scallops - 4stars
Sometimes you can get tiny scallops. At Brick, you'll get the thick, soft and scrumptious scallops. The rosemary cream sauce finishes the whole dish well with a slight sweet taste.  
-entree 2 - pork tenderloin - 3 stars
This one didn't wow me. It was tasty...but something was missing...The mashed potato was different from other places as well so it was unique..but something was missing too. I did love how tender the meat was and the idea of eating fruits with it. I wouldn't get this dish next time. 
I don't eat huge portions so I would get the small plate on my own next time. Brick won't give you the "omg i'm dying to go back" factor but definitely good to always go back and have a nice modernized american supper.Service was a little slow.. However, they give you two very tasty  muffins with raspberry butter to tide you over. The all you can drink mimosas & bloody Mary's is a very good deal @ $15. The plate size is not the largest, but the food is good. Outside seating is a plusDO NOT BUY THE GROUPON. This place defines a bad Groupon restaurant. Nothing is made from scratch. No care is put into any of the food. Its overpriced, awful dated decor and bad service. They have no business serving anything beside chicken fingers and hot dogs.
Came for dinner on a Sunday night with my girlfriend. The "dinning room" is a joke. Random items like unmatched plate sets sparsely cover the horrible painted walls. They play NO MUSIC in the dinning room. There is hardly anyone there so it's SILENT...except for the annoying murmur of the HVAC behind the walls. However mostly I heard the bar-backs and kitchen yelling at each other the entire time. The carpet is gross and looks 20 years old. 
We ordered cocktails. They were pretty bad. My $10 old fashion was made with Southern Comfort. My girlfriend's $10 Appletini tasted like diesel fuel. For appetizer we ordered the $13 short-rib mac&cheese. It came in a small cereal bowl and had very little short-rib. The mac&cheese tasted like it came from a box. For dinner I ordered the filet migon. The bar-back who was pretending to be a waiter came back later and told me they were out of it. Turns out also out of the lamb burger. I then asked for shrimp linguine in vodka sauce. For $20 I get a bowl of box pasta, canned vodka sauce and 4 shrimp. When I finished there was a puddle of the thick canned sauce at the bottom of the bowl. My girlfriend ordered the $28 salmon with polenta and broccoli rabe. The tiny piece of salmon came out raw in the middle. The broccoli rabe was uneatably tough (even for broccoli rabe). My girlfriend said the polenta was good but I didn't get to try it because the portion was so tiny. The bar back dropped the check off while we were still eating.
We left hungry and pissed off. This place sucks.We live around the corner from Brick and have been wanting to try this place for awhile. We used a living social coupon as an excuse to go.  It has to be one of the worst dining experiences we have had in the city!
When we arrived we were taken upstairs and had to make our way through a birthday party. We were excited that there appeared to be live music-panio player and singer.  Unfortunately, the music was so loud we could not speak to each other.  To top it off members of the party were using it as there own karaoke party, which would have been fine if we were a member of the party. 
The decor-if you can really call it that-is all over the place.  It looks like someone poured black paint everywhere and then put up some posters.  The zebra carpet and spot lighting created a dark and dingy feeling. It was like bob and Barbara's meets a pin up girl.
Our cocktails were bad and inconsistent. The cranberry champagne was tasty, but seemed to have little if any alcohol.  This was probably for the best because the liquor tasted like it was made on a discovery channel reality show.
The food was below average.  We ordered three small plates and one main dish to share.  First issue was that everything came out at once! Second issue we waited over 45 minutes for everything to come out at once. The mussels were good but nothing spectacular. Monks are much better. Nachos tasted stale and had minimal toppings. They were supposed to be duck nachos but had short rib instead. The short rib mac and cheese was good but if you want great short ribs than go to Village Whiskey.  The skirt steak was properly prepared But it was cold since everything came out at once. 
Our server was a nice young lady who seemed a bit overwhelmed and was obviously upset that our food took so long.  
 There are so many great places to eat in philly, so don't bother with this place.Service was very good, but the food was average.  I had shrimp linguine and the shrimp seemed overcooked.  My boyfriend's steak frittes was such a small portion it was somewhat disappointing.My girlfriend and I came here with a travelzoo deal and were pleasantly surprised.  Although not a large place the place was fairly busy for just having opened for that night.  We tried their homemade guacamole and chips from the bar menu which was surprisingly better guacamole than we have had at some Mexican restaurants.  We had the duck nachos, tuna wontons, and thai chili shrimp for appetizers.  All were good sized portions and very good.  My favorite was the tuna wontons.   I would order all again but if I had to sub one out to try something new t would be the duck nachos.  For entrees we had crab cakes and the chicken.  Both were fantastic.   I had the chicken and absolutely loved the homemade strawberry barbeque sauce it came with.  I would recommend this place and I am sure we will be back!