Very very busy when I was there...stopped in for one and left good bartender once I got his attention .... only one bartender on a Sunday in 30th Street Station ???? REALLY????? I'm not slamming the bartender just who ever scheduled one bartender on a Sunday (or the bartender that called out sick)It's a popular past-time to evaluate Bridgewater's only in its train station context. This is, of course, fair. But try this on for size... Bridgewater's is the best bar for 10 blocks in either direction on Market, an important street in our fair city. I'd have to really sit down with a map, by they might be the best bar in a 50 square block radius (I know, there's not much in that radius, but still).
I've never had anything but fresh beer (and a good selection), tasty food (it is pub fare, to be fair), and friendly service. The ambiance is good enough--it's kinda like the Epcos center in Disneyworld. There, you know you're in a theme park, but the little country stands are convincing enough that if you want to believe, you can feel like you're on another continent. Bridgewater's is like that... if you want to believe, you don't have to feel like you're in a train station.
They apparently have a rotating menu, so if you fall in love with something there, you better make sure it will still be there next time you come back.  
Even if you don't take the train, this is worth the trip.An oasis at the train station. Very good beer selection, as others have noted. Could be a problem if you weren't planning on having a beer at lunch, cuz you really must. And screw the side salad, though it looks quite good, go for the  awesome fries. For cryin out loud, it's a pub in a train station.  You can go back to the rabbit food when you get home.Pretty good beer list but the service is terrible. Waited 15 minutes for a beer and then another 15 for check. Go across the street if you want a full meal and full service.Very good food served fast and friendly,   Meal was hot and beer cold like it should be.  It's in the station so weather effects room temperature it's 18 outside so it's cool in side the station.   Would rather not watch CNN (Fake News) or NFL but little story telling is good to laugh at.  I would eat here again if passing through on train. Had the philly streak, fries very very good very good. Cost with a Philadelphia pale ale (bottle) $20.82Lame waitress!  I came to watch 10 mins of a game before catching my train. The bartender asked if I wanted a drink. I said no, just catching the game. He was cool. The bar was barely 1/3 rd full and slow.  So I quietly sat at a high top and a waitress came by and asked if I wanted a drink. I said I had a train in 10 mins etc. She said I couldn't sit there and had to leave the bar.  Huh? I looked around and saw half of her high top tables were empty.  I was dressed like the other patrons and was about to leave anyway.  I said why? I'm not taking someone's seat. She got prissy and said they were the rules. Really??? I get it if it's busy. Or if you have a homeless person stinking up the bar. But seriously, I'm just some dude sitting there quietly who's about to leave. That's an issue? Will be avoiding this bar for 2015.When it comes to train station bars, Bridgewater's is top notch.  In fact, they by far beat out any/all bars in NYC's Penn Station.  And any bars in DC's Union Station or Boston's South Station. Actually, combine all of the bars in all of those Amtrak stations in the northeast and they still don't beat out Bridgewater's (nicely done, guys).  
Beer isn't cheap and the selection isn't huge but it's quality.  Bartenders are attentive and friendly enough.  The food looks good, though I can't say I've tried it.  And the website's URL kicks ass.  
All in all, a great place for an afternoon/evening pittstop on your way to hop the Acela home.Best place to eat @ 30th Street Train Station.  Fresh & healthy food options and the best (and hard to find) Sam Smiths hard cider. Erin (who was behind the bar at lunch) was great.Completely sketchy. They closed the bar at 6:45pm on a Saturday night "for 30 minutes" while the staff laughed and hung out.Food is good.  Bartenders are laid back but cool.  Can get crowded but it's a train station so deal with it.Clean, neat and good food.  TrifectaThis was definitely a winner! Came here to eat as I waited for my train. Great energy, awesome environment and the food was GREAT! I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich...THE BEST I've had hands down. Very mixed staff which made me a lot more comfortable. Just a good place to be.Worst steak I've ever had. Ordered the petite filet. Was mostly gristle. What meat I could find had an odd flavor, color & texture. I ordered it medium well, still no excuse.
The reduction sauce was tasty, and the presentation was really nice. Attentive waiter, but the steak just killed it for me. Hesitant to try this place again.We have enjoyed many three-star meals here, often before boarding a train. But today, we struck out. With 45 minutes for our meal, we were quickly seated and placed our order. And then...nothing. Our server disappeared without a trace. Other diners were seated, ordered, were served, ate and left. For us...nothing. A runner came with our check after 40 minutes, but no food.
When our 45 minutes were up, we got up to leave. As we passed the kitchen, our server reappeared with a couple of entrees - not our full order - in styrofoam "to go" packaging. No explanation, no apology, and sadly, no repeat business from us.Now this is one cool place! 
I went here to kill 45-min waiting for a train. When I asked for the cheque before leaving, the bartender winked and said "it's ok! It was just a cranberry juice". I was in a suit with luggage so he was obviously not expecting repeat business out of this goodwill gesture which I thought was uber cool :) 
Quite a lot of character squeezed into the ambience. Great selection of drinks too!The service is very nasty here. I can only assume its because there are transient people that walk in and harass the waitresses. What is needed, is a Security guy who can help out with that. 
I saw the waitress scream and fight with an old gay guy who brought a pretzel in to have with his beer. Small thing to fight about. I understood her side as well.
This is a management issue.
I would only go in here to have two beers again. No food. If there was two other bars int he station, I would go to them instead.Great place to cool your heels waiting for a train to take you away. Beer selection is terrific, vibe is not weirdJeez,  I am sometimes so sick of the food court offerings at the 30th Street Train Station, that I will totally pay more than four times what my usual lunch costs (plus tip) just for a change from Au Bon Pain, Taco Bell, Subway and McDonald's.
Actually, the last time I ate here, it was business so someone else paid,  which was a bonus.  Plus, I ordered the Wednesday special - pancetta mac & cheese, which at $14, was kind of a smallish serving of very very tasty pasta and cheese in a ramekin with a crispy pancetta topping.  Really, put pancetta on anything and I will eat it.  Accompanying the mac & cheese was a small salad, nothing special.  It turns out that with my new tiny tummy, it was the perfect sized meal.  If I was a normal person, I might be looking for some bread or a bowl of soup to enhance my small meal.My best friend and her father were going in there to buy drinks and my friend got kicked out because she brought a cinnamon bun in there and made her leave and separated her dad and her so her dad had to leave! This is down right rude and I say stay away from this pub!I usually come in to Bridgewater's while waiting for my train.  I've always had a good experience.
They have a good beer selection; there's always something I've never seen before.
I don't usually order food, but I enjoy it when i do.
The bartenders are always friendly and willing to chat with you.  It's a great way to kill time when waiting for a train.I love Bridgewater's and am surprised to see some of the negative reviews.  I've been going for years.  In some phases I might go a few times a month, and then not go again for months, but I am never disappointed.  Sometimes I'm alone at the bar; other times at a table with one or two others.  The regular bartenders are always good to great; the servers at the tables change around more but I've always found them to be totally fine to really good.  Depending on your tastes I'd think you'd find the beer list super at best, fine at worst.  I'm not so into all the German beers; that said, I always find something I like on draught and there are always other options to satisfy.  As a vegetarian, I'm usually satisfied with the offerings.  The menu changes somewhat but is consistently flavorful and satisfying.  No, it's not dirt cheap bar food, but then, it's not cheap bar food, either.  For these prices, if I thought the food was mediocre, I'd be pissed about it.  But, that's not been my experience at Bridgewater's.  Generally, I feel like the prices might be on the higher end of the standard bar range, but the value is decent and I never leave feeling resentful.  In fact, as a regular train rider, I usually leave feeling incredibly thankful that we have such a great bar at our train station.I always tell my friends that if it wasn't located in 30th Street Station (nice as it is), I'd eat at Bridgewater's Pub every week! First off, I'm not a beer aficionado - it makes me bloat - so I can't  rate them on their drafts/bottled selection. I do eat there once or twice a month when traveling however, and have always been very happy with everything I've ordered. The menu runs the gamut from filling comfort food to fancier/more adventurous than you'd expect dishes - I've tried both sides of it, and there have never been any misses. The staff are friendly and attentive, even when they're very busy, which they often are, and there is an updating train schedule very close by, so that you can enjoy their food and drinks without worrying about missing your train. A hidden gem, so do treat yourself when passing through!Decent beer selection. Nice German bottle and tap list, even some nice ipas.  
Brisket sandwich was awful. Tastes like the meat was shredded and sitting under a heat lamp for days.Just had a great meal at the Bridgewater in 30th street station. They had Ayinger Celebrator Double Bock on draft. It was exceptional. We had Samosas, brushetta, pork tacos and a patty melt. All the food was delicious. Our waitress was very responsive and offered great advice on drink and food considerations. We will go back soon!After we ordered our beer we noticed our phones were dying, and desperately needed to charge them since our bus tickets were on them. When we asked if they could for just a few minutes the waitress said "no" due to policy. Unbelievable, especially since this venue is catered to travelers. This place should be shut down ASAP. There's a great bar called Slainte right across the road so go there instead!A bar in a train station.  I love the atmosphere here.  People are running around, everyone has a place to be, is about the enter Philadelphia or leave for someplace new.  And while all this is happening around you, you can sit down and enjoy a great beer.
The beer list here is surprising.  I visited with my sister a few days after Christmas and we had a Corsendonk Christmas and N'ice Chouffe.  Both of these beers were great, and aren't very available on draft.  Bridgewaters definitely has some Belgian tendencies.  The main downside is the price; Bridgewaters definitely charges a premium for their selection and location.
I'd like to check out their happy hour, but other wise two Belgain beers will run you somewhere in the vacinity of $17.  I didn't have any food, but it doesn't seem like an amazing place to eat.Great place to eat and drink and can't believe it's in a train station. fantastic beer selection and food somewhat different (good). never expected a good quality eatery as I waited for my train to depart.Easily the best pub in a train station. Drown yourself in a few beers while you lament the horrible quality of public transportation in the United States. The food looks damn good, screw Mcdonalds or Cosi, the burgers and wings are great. Nice beer selection, great service.Cornier than Kansas. At least in Kansas most overpriced bars have a printed menu so you don't have to ask the bartender the price of each beer before you decide. It is a case that if you have to ask you can't afford it here. They are going on the airport bar model that travelers who are rolling through 30th Street just need a drink. Haven't tried the food in years after a couple of bad experiences, I remember it all sounded good, but back then their reach exceeded their grasp in that account. Service tonight was imperious, largely because the bartenders were peeved that I kept asking about prices, which must be tiresome, but if a beer is a dollar or more an ounce I like to know in advance. Go to Fiume instead, even with cab fare it will be cheaper and more real local color.I've been hesitant to write this review, because this is MY place. There aren't many bars where I, as a woman, feel comfortable sidling up to the bar by my lonesome. One Monday night, though, I decided to accidentally-on-purpose miss my train and grab a beer instead.
And I now go every Monday night.
And the staff has remembered my name ever since noticing it on my credit card during that first visit.
If you like/know beer, this bar is a total win. Excellent drafts that rotate with regularity, and staff that know what they're talking about. Plus, they'll give you tastings. Super bonus points for that. (However, I did have one bartender who had swapped nights with my normal bartender, and this guy treated me like I couldn't possibly know anything about beer. Instead, he kept describing each new beer on the draft list as "strong." Um. Strong ABV? Strong flavors? Give me something here, buddy.)
The food ranges from good to excellent, although I find some of it ridiculously pricey. $7 for edamame? Really? The flatbread pizza, at $12, also isn't worth it - it's more appetizer sized than dinner sized. The salads are really yummy, and I enjoyed the wild boar sliders, both of which I find more reasonably priced.
Mostly, though, this bar is my happy place.This place has a good beer selection.  Sat at the bar order a couple apps and beer while waiting for my train.  Bartender was okay, not too friendly but he wasn't rude which is goodTerrible spot, came here one day for a drink and a quick bite to eat, it took over an hour to get our food. The burgers were dry and too salty.Great place in a small package. They have a pretty interesting menu and great beer. It's the first place I've ever seen to carry Innstadt beer (which is really good btw). Plus, they have 2003 and 2005 vintages of Schneider Aventinus! If you are in 30th street and have time to sit down and eat, or have a beer, check this place out. It's better than anything else in the station, and it's much better then Slainte across the street.My train arrived at 30th Street Station on a Sunday afternoon; I needed a late lunch, and Bridgewater's fit the bill. 
Normally, I would order their burger and never look back. Unfortunately, my girlfriend recently accused me of eating four burgers a week, which is completely absurd. OK, so MAYBE I had already eaten three that week, but I would NEVER eat four. What sort of glutton eats four burgers a week? 
In any case, since I would rather be unhappy than allow her to be right, I went with the crabcake sandwich on the bartender's recommendation. When it finally arrived, the accompanying sweet potato fries were barely cooked, but the sandwich itself tasted pretty good. The crabcake fell apart (as crabcakes are wont to do), but I bet they make a good burger, which I'll have to come back and try when I haven't reached my weekly quota.
Now, Bridgewater's doesn't look like much. The food is a little better than decent, and their flatscreens could use some updating to HD (you want to be able to see the pain on Favre's face). But this is the best train station bar in existence, and I'll tell you why: their beer selection is shockingly awesome. You'd never expect to find so many great beers available in a train station. It's even updated seasonally. Right now, they have all sorts of Christmas ales.
If they would only stay open a bit later, I can guarantee I'd have a pint here before every train back to NYC.We never miss the chance to have a meal  and a drink here at 30th Street Station!  Great, great food and a awesome draught beer selection!Bridgewater's is our corner bar. Not the closest bar but the best of the closest for certain. Great and inexpensive, BW's has an ever changing menu of delicious food and seasonal beers on tap. As a plus it is close to our major Philly transportation routes. So come check it out, enjoy the music, the premier beers on tap and the Mac and Cheese!I was expecting greasy, lackluster bar food here and was very pleasantly surprised to enjoy delicious, creative, gourmet food instead! My favorite dish was the smoked trout wontons, but really everything was pretty amazing. Loved the chocolate lava cake. I'll definitely make a point to come back here the next time I take the train to Philly.Very very expensive but it is the only bar in the train station so they get 2 stars for at least having a decent selection. Also NO PRICES LISTED ANYWHERE have to wait to get the check for your 9-12$ beers to show upQuick service. Great beer selection. Often crowded but it's expected being the only bar in the train station.Very friendly place, very convenient location if you're taking a train, phenominal beer selections.  Just had a corned beef grinder and a couple of Ayinger Celebrators -- whoa!  Powerful lunch for getting round in a Nor' Easter!First - and most importantly - this bar does not to happy hour!
That said, we have had some amazing unique drinks and appetizers when meeting with friends at this pub.  It's a great place for those from the suburb to meet those from the city because it's right in the train station.  
It's a bit pricey, but the staff is friendly and as I said the drinks and the food are worth it.Great, random little bar in a train station. 
Ordered a nice dark beer, for $8 it was a little more expensive than it should have been but it was wonderful. Bartenders are very knowledgeable. 
The calamari were perfectly cooked, but the breading was really oily and fell off as soon as I stuck my fork in it. Other than that, the sauces were a great compliment to the flavors. One was a green spicy mayo and the other was a delicious red sauce, kind of like a marinara.
I'll definitely be back .I can't say enough about the quality of Bridgewaters. The food is great, big selection of beers and attentive staff that makes sure you are on time for your train. This place is a must if you are stopping into 30th Street.Original review:
Mediocre defines the food and service, can't comment on the bar or beers offered. Went with the specials, potato wedges and sliders, and also calamari from the apps. The potato wedges were a few roasted potatoes with seasoning a ketchup/spicy sauce in the side, bland and flavorless. The sliders were like little frozen patties, not freshly pulled or made, with a heavy mayo and slaw tipping that spilled everyone. Nothing unique or tasty about it. I like the fries, but it's a small portion. The calamari was a weird batter, definitely not fresh either. 
The hostess/server that served us couldn't even remember who ordered what drink, who ordered what dish, and didn't hand out the app plates to anyone at my table -- basically they could not handle the basics of being a server, severe pet peeves of mine when I got to eat out.  
This place wants to serve pub food, but they come up short and the service is lacking. I could see going back if I wanted a beer at the bar while waiting, but otherwise I wouldn't eat there again. 
The bathroom key and sign on the bathroom door  are a joke. I understand it's a train station and open to the public, and they want certain people to not use their bathroom, but the schpiel sign saying it's a privilege to use the bathroom and not a right, and the bathroom key on a wooden club is lame.Great food and beer selection. Unexpectedly good food for a restaurant in a train station. Highly recommend. Prices are extremely reasonable.Grabbed a bite here a while ago while waiting for my bus. It's a cute and busy spot nestled in the 30th street station with both in pub seating and tables arranged outside (in the terminal) as well. I had their Mediterranean Meze platter with some red wine and while the red wine was delicious and just what I needed, the platter wasn't the best Mediterranean food out there. I mean I didn't expect much since I was at a pub after all. Unfortunately, I felt like their vegetarian entrees were limited. Apart from the veggie burger, I didn't see anything else I'd be interested in trying which is why I picked out the platter in the first place. The service however was excellent and because I couldn't finish my meal, they immediately packed everything for me as I was ready to go! Overall, nice place to kill some time and try out some beers, but not the most vegetarian friendly place unfortunately.What a relief to find a bar *at a train station* pouring Rogue ale (along with other good looking brews) on tap.
The connection on my commute home is too tight to pick up a pint, but next time SEPTA's schedules go haywire, I know where's I'll be waiting.A group of us stopped here for a happy hour after work to celebrate an event we had just completed. When I heard there was a bar in the train station, I had my doubts as to its quality, but I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised by Bridgewater's!
First of all, when we arrived, the staff couldn't have been more helpful to accommodate our large party, finding us a perfect corner niche and pulling the tables together for us. The round of margaritas we ordered were on point, as were the appetizers of duck pot stickers with ponzu sauce ($6) and the cheesy black bean dip with pitas for dipping ($6). Perfect happy hour fare in a busy train station! Our server was pleasant and efficient, and we enjoyed our visit. Two thumbs up.As far as train station bars go, this place is a home run. They have about 7 beers on tap that are changed seasonally. I stopped here this weekend with my bf while waiting for a train and it was perfect. They have tvs, a long bar and plenty of seating. I got a mango ale and my bf got a German style beer. Both were delicious. For food I got the BBQ chicken sandwich which was Carolina style. More sweet than a regular BBQ sauce but it was delicious and filling. My bf got the pulled pork sandwich and it was tasty too. Both came with a side of fries, salad substitute was also an option. 
Service was great and our bartender made good conversation. Food came out quick which was a perk. The bar is kind of hard to find inside the station though. It's towards the back of the food court area and away from the train terminal itself. Walk around til you find it and you won't be disappointed! Since I frequent this station quite a lot, I'll make a point to come here more often.I came in here on a day when I left work early. After having walked by this place half a million times, I decided to stop in and see what it was all about. While far from comfy spacious and cozy, it does create an authentic feel of being in a Western European Tavern. It's darker than a typical eatery and really sets the tone that I like at a bar being a true loner. As far as the food goes, I had a pulled pork sandwich, it was very good. The fries are excellent albeit SKIMPY. Great stuff they just don't give you enough fries, but does any restaurant that sells good fries, ever really give you enough? They've got good drafts on tap and fairly good food. Decently priced and worth heading back to at some point. The main bartender (or at least I think she is) was positively delightful and I have nothing bad to say about any of my experiences here.Waiting for a train and hungry, I wanted to grab some lunch before heading back to NY.  Brdigewater's Pub appeared to be the most welcoming of the spots in the 30th Street Station food court.  I had the chicken banh mi with chips.  The chicken had an interesting spice to it that I can't put my finger on but it wasn't bad.  There was a ton of slaw on top of the baguette, which isn't always a bad thing, and because in this case it was not weighed down with mayo, it was a plus.  Easy quick lunch.I hadn't been to Bridgewater in years, but I decided to give it a try the other night. It was pouring rain, Bridgewater was close (and near a major taxi stand), and I was hungry. I also remembered that the menu was sort of upper-end bar food, and I thought it might be fun to try some of the dishes again. So I decided to go for it.
Unfortunately, I had a lot of issues with the service. When I entered, I was told to seat myself anywhere, but no sooner had I sat down than I was told that I couldn't sit 'there' because that was a reserved table that they had simply forgotten to put the 'reserved' sign on. Moving to another table, I had to wait a bit before receiving a menu. I tried to order the Asian chicken wings and the chicken parmesan, but the waitress told me that they were out of the sauce for the chicken parm, so she went to put in my wing order while I found something else for my entree. She then came back and said that she wasn't actually sure if they were out of the sauce, so she would go check. I never saw her again.
Another waitress showed up and asked me what I was having. I tried to order the 'simple pasta,' but they were out of that sauce as well. I then went for the short ribs, but they didn't have that either. Somewhat frustrated, I asked what they did have, and was told that they didn't have anything labeled 'entree' on the menu. I also tried the sausage and peppers sandwich, but saw on the menu that this dish had the same sauce as the chicken parmesan, so they were probably out of that too. I finally settled on a gyro sandwich.
APPETIZER: The Asian wings finally came after the ordering was sorted out. They were some of the least appetizing wings I've ever seen. They were relatively small, and the sauce was extremely thick and gloppy. The sauce taste was also extremely strong, possibly due to being so thick. I didn't much care for the taste, finding it a little too sour for my liking. It was also overpriced at $10; Slainte, across the street, sells a buffalo wing appetizer for $8, they are bigger, and they taste a lot better.
MAIN: The gyro sandwich came with a salad, but because nobody had bothered to bring me silverware and nobody came by my table, I had to get up and go over to the bar to ask for a fork to eat the salad with. The salad itself was inoffensive; the bleu cheese was nice, but there wasn't otherwise much to say about it. The gyro itself wasn't that great. The pita bread was unusually thick, so each bite tasted largely of bread. The lamb meat was underseasoned and bland. The lettuce and veggies in the gyro were alright, but because the meat was so bland they completely overpowered the dish. It cost $12, but I would honestly prefer some of the lunch truck gyros which run about $5 and feature a better balance of meat to veggie. Dipping sauce would also have been appreciated.
Overall -- terrible service (I don't like playing guessing games trying to figure out what food the restaurant has in stock; I don't like being shuttled between waiters and waitresses such that my waitress says she'll do something, leaves, and never returns; I shouldn't have to get up to hunt down silverware), subpar food, and high prices for what I got. Next time, I'm going to Slainte.Outstanding food, great beer, super service. Stopped here on my way through to PHL for beer and a bite instead of getting ripped off for a $14 dollar sandwich at the airport. Lord Hobo on draught at a reasonable price followed by an outstanding $25 prix fixe 4 course dinner off their regular menu. Prosciutto wrapped asparagus, Apple chicken salad, open face salmon sandwich and creme brulee. Yeah it was fantastic. 
I had to take the salmon with me as I was rushed for a train but the bartender had checked with me earlier to expedite food and made sure I got out on time. 
Well done all!I cannot tell you how many time I wandered past this pub in a rush before finally discovering it during a storm one night. Tucked away in the SW corner of 30th St Station, this place is actually a wonderful little bar.
The beer list is outstanding and I am always impressed with their large and ever-changing tap selection. An amazing choice of imports and domestic craft brews. The staff is attentive and their beer knowledge is above par. Not what you'd expect from a pub in a train station.
The food menu is good but a bit pricey, but then again you are a captive audience - unless McD's is more your style. 
It is a fun place to hang out as well. I find people who travel by train to be good conversationalists in general so the spot makes for good people-watching and interesting chat.
Highly recommended.If your train is late, this is the place to grab a beer. The selection on tap is good, with more German brews than most bars, and there is always one or two limited release west coast bruisers, too. 
The ambience is better than you would expect from a train station bar,  Its just past "the porch" which has turned into a beautiful perennial garden that is worth a stroll. 
Where this place falls apart is the food. It suffers from the practice of having an amazing sounding menu, followed by food that looks like a walrus puked it up. And tastes worse.
A bar that can't do fries? Three stars.We aren't drinkers so I can't comment on this place as a bar; only our dining experience...we only went because mom won a $50 gift certificate for restaurant week. We arrived e over and said she didn't see us sitting there (it's very small in the 30th street station and there was only 1 other table sitting there and they were only drinking and 1 guy drinking inside at the bar...how could she miss us since no one else was ordering food and there were hardly any customers??) We ordered 1 of the $25 three course meal to share from the Restaurant Week menu to start with and were immediately informed that they had run out of the mussels (which is what we were going to order of course...before  4:00pm on a Sunday. We were told by the bartender we could sit down at any table. 30  minutes later the waitress came over and said she didn't see us there (there was only 1 other 2 person table how did she not know we were there??) We wanted to order the Mussels on the Restaurant week menu and was informed that they had already run out (really? this early on a Sunday??) We ordered the wild boar meatballs as the 1st course. They were #3 tough and mediocre balls with a dollop of uncooked ricotta on top in a bowl of marinara sauce with an odd flavoring likely the described fennel.( If they were wild boar I'll eat my hat which would likely taste better!) Not being able to go with the Mussels we ordered the Flat iron steak (Rare we emphasized thrice!) with the paved potatoes and carrots and asparagus - this of course came well done and tough and cold (only table eating mind you; only 2 tables!) - the asparagus was minced and near unrecognizable and it and the other veggies and meat were ice cold and the few slices of tough meat were the cheapest grade of inedible meat! My mom asked if the meal came with any bread and the server brought her some stale half of a hoagie roll that was hard enough to knock someone out with and was inedible (which they charged us $0.50 for too!) The desert was a chocolate lava cake with berry coulis - mom said it was the worst she ever had and not at all lava-ey and the 3 berries were unrecognizeable and flavorless (maybe blueberries??) Still having money left on the certificate and knowing we'd lose it and we were never coming back we tried to order a second $25 restaurant week menu to take home with us, they were unaccommodating and refused and said we had to eat it there...but we could order all of the dishes on restaurant menu individually for higher prices than the set price to go??!!! As the meal was far from edible we instead decided to just order the overprice fried calamari and buffalo wings to go. 50 minutes later they finally arrived - the waitress apologized for the delay and said she took the wings off the order (leaving herself a $10+ tip knowing we were using the gift certificate!!) They were both very small orders with very tiny amounts of accompanying sauces! Calamari was heavily breaded with little calamari and the sauces non-descript. The wings were dried out and small and flavorless except for the chili pepper flakes that were sprinkle on top of them! All in all it wasn't worth the trip even with the gift certificate to eat here! That's 3 hours of our life we'll never get back!Our favorite place to stop on our way back home from the city.   Always fast friendly service.   Beer selection is amazing!Came here after taking an exam in the city and this was a great place to relax with a good brew. Their selection of beers on tap was very good and the service was good as well. Definitely a good place to stop in while you're waiting for your train.So I had some time on my hands( because I don't believe in "killing time") so I saw where there was a happy hour and the small bites sounded good. The waiter I had was so on the case and very pleasant. I was a little early for happy hour, so he wasn't able to put my order in. But as soon as he was able to, he did it promptly. I ordered short ribs w a peach chipotle sauce and an RC Cola, which I didn't know was still in existence. So the meat was dry, the sauce pretty tasteless and the cola was flat. Smh. I gave it two stars because of the waiter.I love stopping here on my way through Philly. This spot makes train layovers enjoyable, if you'll believe that. Beer list is 5 star worthy, especially if you like Belgian-style, friendly service is always notable and the food ain't half bad either. Make sure to save 30 minutes or more, otherwise you might find yourself hurrying to woof down the food. It's pretty quick but not fast food (that's a good thing, just be sure to leave time).Incredible beer selection for a smaller pub. Great place to wait for a train or bus. Nice staff.Summary: Awesomeness. Food, drinks, whatever you get. It's great.
I've been to Bridgewater's a couple of times in the past few months (after all, I am in the station EVERY day of my life), and I'm thrilled to say that this is one of the few local joints that I feel has been steadily improving over time.
They have a wonderful selection of various European brews, ranging from your usual German choices to the Czech Republic. From what I am told, all are fantastic, especially the Warsteiner Premium Verum, which is one of Germany's best pilsners.
The food is beyond your traditional pub fare, with more of a premium touch. I can personally attest for the following nibblers/snacks as being great: the edamame with smoked sea salt, the roasted potatoes with the smoked paprika ketchup (amazing), and the hummus. As for mains, the Asian Tofu burger with the slaw and the sesame ginger aioli (served with fries) is absolutely phenomenal. The burger is flavorful and goes great with the crunch of the slaw and the zesty aioli, and the fries are done well too. All in all, you get a really premium feel after dining here.
Being a vegetarian, I keep tabs on my favorite veggie burgers around the world. On my all time list, this burger certainly makes the top 10. Yeah - it's that good. For anyone who's wondering, the all time #1 spot goes to the Park Sheraton Hotel's Cappuccino Cafe in Chennai, India, and the #1 spot in the US goes to 3 West Restaurant (http://3westrest.com/), in Basking Ridge NJ.
Prices aren't extravagant, but aren't very cheap either. I'd rate it at being on the higher side of average, and the regular diner can expect a bill of around 20-25$/person. The one thing that I don't understand is 7$ edamame, but that's more of an exception from my experience, rather than the norm. Servers do a great job, but are earning a pittance, and really rely on their tips. While that's not a new concept, most (if not all) have been fantastic from my experiences, so make sure that you tip well if you get good service!
All in all, a great little place tucked away in 30th Street Station, and if you've ever got some time to spare before a train or whatnot, swing by. You won't regret it!Meandering the food court wincing at hot dogs, pretzels, pizza, and various fast food, I was delighted to find Bridgewater's Pub.  Bridgwater's has surprisingly inventive, quality food at good value.  
- Ambiance (4/5)
Tucked away in a corner of the main concourse, Bridgewater's is a much needed respite from the busy echoes of the main hall.  It has an inviting interior, and cozy surroundings.  
- Service (2/5)
Service was an issue.  One problem was the ever rotating group of servers.  My meal spanned about an hour and had 3 different servers.  Water was not refilled until it was empty, probably because the first server clocked out, and the second one didn't know I was there.  The bread came out after my mussels appetizer was done-- would have been nice to have the bread soak up the curry.  And at the end of the meal, the waiter tried explaining away a $13 charge for the pasta with frivolous excuses like, "it doesn't include Philly tax", and "maybe only your menu had it as $12".  Thankfully, they fixed it without too much fuss, but the deer-in-headlights reaction from service was not great.
- Bread (4/5)
Bread was toasty and quite good.  It comes with a simple chunk of butter, but it's great for dipping into the mussels.  
- Mussels with Spicy Curry, $10 (3/5)
Mussels were perfectly cooked, and all mussels opened, which is always a plus.  I found the spicy curry sauce to be a good complement to the mussels, not at all overwhelming them, but the sauce's flavors were a little thin.
- Orecchiette with Pulled Pork, Peas, and Beet Cream Sauce, $12 (3/5)
This pasta came out literally beet pink!  Wildly interesting at first, I actually grew tired of the strange pink color after about 5 minutes.  The plate portion was huge for $12, and the pulled pork added a great dimension to the dish.  I wish they incorporated some more peas, as they would have broken up the monotony of the pink color and provided a fresh crunch in an otherwise soft-textured plate.  
- Value (4/5)
$12 for a full plate of pasta and $10 for a gigantic bowl of mussels was unexpected.  Great value here.
Certain aspects of the taste and service execution keep it from achieving a higher rating, but it's definitely worth a stop back in the future.  Definitely way better than wolfing down a hot dog or pretzel.Everything you would expect from the only bar located inside the 30th Street Station. There are no booths so don't get your hopes up. Sitting at the bar is the way to go. There are a few four tops though out this railroad style bar, but they are not as authentic of the experience as what you get when you sit bar-side. The beer menu is extensive, but they don't have Blue Moon. The bartender seemed very health conscious....simultaneously chugging a Kambucha GingerBerry beverage and a SmartWater. Good for him. 
The caprese salad was surprisingly gourmet looking and tasting. When it comes to food menu, I suggest sticking to the appetizer/salad side of menu. They do not have mash potatoes (which really disappointed me at the time).Very cool place, beer selection is excellent,  i prefer german beer
and the Bridgewater has some tasty selections. 
 They have some exotic foodstuffs, elk burger, gator, etc. a tad 
pricey but you get what you pay for.  Cool atmosphere too and the 
staff is helpful. I really enjoy drinking here!!this place provided the buzz i needed to take the sketchy train ride to ac after work on fridays this summer. good, strong, cold beer. never ate a thing here. no time.I'm pretty sure that even if I had no other business at the 30th Street Station, I'd still look for a reason to grab a great beer or two and some really, really good top-notch chow.
I've been an irregular guest at this train station haunt with its very impressive selection of unusual draught and bottled beers.  Tonight I got to enjoy a nice IPA from a small brewery in Vermont (served in a pint glass from my fave Great Lakes Brewery) and another really good seasonal German beer.  The menu offers extremely flavorful salads, sandwiches, entree and soups.  Happy hour has a nice selection of bar snacks, too.
The crowd is a good mix of train-station types looking for something a cut above Cosi or Subway that I haven't seen in one spot in NY Penn Station, and the environment is more "real" than Washington's Union station.  Of course Grand Central has it's spots, but it's not fair to compare.
If you're catching a train in Philly or looking for a cool stop when out in University City, stop in.Context context context. Were this located in the heart of center city . . . I would be a little more reluctant with my star assignments.  When its located in the heart of 30th Street Station, home to weary commuters, annoyed travelers, and people taking refuge from the rain, it easily deserves five stars.
I was waiting on an evening train and decided to head in here.  Whereas the most exotic beer in most bars located in transportation depots is usually shock top, or blue moon, this place has a great beer list.  I was so so pleasantly surprised.  I'm proud of 30th street station for having this place!I am so grateful for this pub in the train station. Great beer. Quality food. It makes traveling and wait times before and between trains much more pleasant.One would think that since this the only place to get a drink in the 30 Street Station, it would just be OK. Get this thinking right out of you mind. It is a great place to get a drink and something to eat. The staff is quick (they know folks are usually in a hurry) and friendly. They have a great selection of beer and the food is real good. Two time ago I was here for a drink and a bit to eat. I said I would have to take my food to go, since I had to catch a train. The server asked when my train was and then told me no problem with me being able to eat it there. They were right, my food came up in no time and I made my train with plenty of time to spare. I stop in ever time I use the 30 Street Station.I had to take a train to DC for work, so the family brought me down and we had a nice dinner before I left. Michael our server was top notch. I asked about the Wild Boar Penne and he gave his approval. It was incredible. A wonderful blend of spicy and sweet. My wife's Pub burger(?) was delicious and the wings the kids got were excellent as well. They don't bread them too heavily and bake them before they fry them which gives a very unique flavor.
I don't get the service issue complaints. Check them out if you want something a little different from the normal chain food.I used to really love this place. Haven't been here in a while and remembered why when I stopped in last Fri. for a beer. $8.75 for a 10 oz. PBC Imp Stout is outrageous!(It was really good though). It's made less than 5 miles away. I wonder how much a Corsendonk or St. Bernardus was? Last time I was here I paid $7 for something that wasn't worth it either.
It's a shame cause the beer selection is really good; but the prices are way too high!
Food is great also. Had one of the best veggie burgers ever, which at $13(the going rate for most of their sandwiches) was a bit overpriced as well.
They do have a happy hour; but if I remember only U.S. drafts were discounted.
Will not return here anytime soon.If I do it will probably be for happy hour.Love Bridgewater's...you can find a better pub in Philly, but, not at any train station I know. They take risks with food and beer, which sometimes earns scorn from weary travelers, but, also earns them a "best kept secret" label from locals. I will choose to take a later train just to stop by. Extra kudos to a limited but well- curated German beer list...one of the few places to have Innstadt beers.An unexpected delight...a very interesting beer list combined with tasty food is another reason why it's so much more civilized taking a train from 30th St Station than one from Penn Station in NY.
Got here early for my return train to NYC so stopped here with friends for a bite and a brew.  I ordered the chicken sandwich and it was phenomenal.  Cheese, spinach and a tasty sauce, it was really quite good.  Fries were perfect as well.
My sandwich was only $11, so as a New Yorker, I find the prices significantly cheaper than in the Big Apple.Bridgewater's is a great little bar.  It is certainly the first time in my life I've felt compelled to go drinking somewhere in a travel hub when I'm  not travelling.
The staff are friendly and the beer is excellent.  They have a great selection of German beers (somebody told me that the owner is German) and they often have really great deals and promotions.  Always good around Oktoberfest as they usually carry the Oktoberfest offerings from each of the big German breweries.
The food is good but a little expensive for what it is.  They like to offer an interesting selection though, I've seen Kangaroo, Crocodile, Wild Boar on the menu at different times.Good porter.   Pub burger bad- fried onions were stale.   Meat very gamey.  Salad was over dressed.   I will come for the beer and skip the food.  Service when requested is provided with little interest.Aw jeez. Skip it if you're in a rush.
Had to make a train and figured an hour was enough time to order and eat.  I just missed their happy hour food specials that ended at 7pm and so I ordered some mussels ($14) and Old Bay seasoned wings ($10).  Food took over 30 minutes from when I ordered...almost asked for it to go but ended up scarfing it down at the bar.  I felt like the bartender was on the verge of apologizing for the long wait but ended up saying nothing.  Everything tasted great, but they need to get their timing down in the kitchen given their location in a busy train station where chances are, customers are on a schedule to catch a train!I've been her e a few times, and as the stars say, it's A-ok. Nothing blew me away, but as for a decent place to get some food, and a drink!, inside 30th street station, not bad. Wish they had a bit more space/seating, but understandable with the location that there are some constraints. Staff is usually pretty friendly too - definite plus. Last time I was there we got drinks and the antipasta platter, or something like that (meats & cheeses) and it was delish. Saw it's no longer on the menu, so that's a bummer. I will definitely be back and would like to try more. Not a bad spot at all!It's alright. I got dinner here once, and I was pretty much ignored by the bar tender, which was frustrating. It wasn't busy at all, so it made no sense for me to wait more than 20min. for utensils and a glass of water. The food was meh. If you're hungry and in a rush at 30th with no other options then I guess shoot for here. I recommend going to Wendy's instead.Tip for surviving a long train ride or for coping with a late bus: DRINK. 
Bridgewater's Pub appears to be the bridge linking Germany to Philadelphia...at least as far as beer selection goes. There's plenty of local brews to make your mouth happy, including Flying Fish, Yards and Dogfish Head, while the foreign selection guaranteed to get your noodle going includes Haufbrauhaus Munchen, Franziskaner, and Spaten Munchen. Seasonal brews of both varieties are available. 
Bridgewater offers a nice oasis in an otherwise barren land of fast food joints and sloppy buffets. The menu offers such creative endeavors as elk empanadas and wild boar sliders.