Love this place! I've been here a few times, most recently for Valentine's Day. Their prix fixe menu was great and we got a bottle of champagne with our dinner. The atmosphere is awesome; it's just a cool place to stop by for dinner or drinks.It is what it looks like. Neighborhood local. Not a sophisticated rest. but a great place for comfort food. Took my brood of kids there for lunch. Service was warm and attentive. Food yummy. Desserts humungous and fresh. Pretty, interesting interior. Definitely going back!All of the food we got was super tasty. The service was a little slow and there were some small mix-ups. But the food - fried chicken sandwich, fries, (accidental) home fries, pork roll breakfast sandwich, side salad - was really good and the mimosas weren't bad either ;)All of the toasters in the place must be broken.......
Pros 
Yummy blood orange bell-inis
Bomb Fries with chile  mayo 
Prime outdoor seating for your south street viewing please 
On Point Manager ( cant recall her name ) 
Cons 
broken toastersI had the best cheeseburger there on Memorial Day!  Fresh, juicy, huge, and delicious!  There are a number of good burger spots in Philly, and Foys is right there with the best!Visited here on a Friday early evening. There weren't any large crowds, no wait time, and pretty fast service. Also I had a great burger, not the best in Philly, but tasty on a soft greased bun. I ordered Sangria, which gave me a little extra boost of laughter, lol. Overall, I had a pretty good experience. Getting to the bathroom was somewhat of maze, but this is a good spot to people watch and catch a breeze.Ordered takeout with the new menu. Supremely disappointed! Mac and cheese entree was a joke. Container was just Noodles and bread crumbs with no cheese. We loved this place in the neighborhood but won't rush back after this effort.I truly love the atmosphere here, the service has always been good and the food great. Seems like an obvious trinity but so many restaurants fall short of all three. Bridget Foys does not. Good job and thank you!Used to stop in here quite a bit back in the day. Please note, because of my work I see a lot places from the best in class to festivals.
Service sucked- bartender was too busy chatting it up with employees
Food- Philly is great for wings, these were not good.
Atmosphere - charming
Perhaps it was an off night?The Happy Hour drinks at this place are awesome! The bartenders and staff are totally nice. I had a great time. Try the popcorn. The only thing that upset me was I only got 4 Buffalo wings for happy hour!I had stopped here for drinks a few times before shows at the TLA -- Bridget's is a breath of fresh air on the otherwise dodgy South Street -- but last Friday my wife and I finally decided to sit down for food.  Boy am I glad we did.  I got the chef's burger special, and it was honestly one of the best burgers I've had in Philly.  My wife ordered soup and the hummus appetizer, neither of which were particularly interesting, but nonetheless they tasted great.  We also enjoyed the unique, carefully-conceived cocktails.
The restaurant was surprisingly vacant for a Friday night (around 6pm), so the noise level was pleasant.  Service was consistent and attentive.Found this great place to have a drink and dinner - good local food, well done custom appetizers, overall nice hometown place.  And the drinks - great pour :)Been here for brunch a few times.  Never disappointed.  I especially like the turkey burger (magically, it's not dry like other turkey burgers).  Service can be a bit ditsy: the first time I ordered it, I asked how the turkey burger was; my server told me that he's not really into that vegetarian stuff, but he's heard it's good.  Um, sorry kiddo, but turkey was still an animal last time I checked.  Everyone there is quite friendly, though, and our orders have always come out quickly, tasty, hot, and correct (much more than I can say for some other places).Satisfied with my choice to bring the fam here for Philadelphia Restaurant Week! We all decided to order off the restaurant week menu, and all get something different! Let me say, everything was pretty darn delicious. Starting with my favorites, the lamb meatballs, eggplant entree, and the three tier chocolate mousse cake. Unfortunately none of those were mine, but good to know for next time! $20 for a three course meal for lunch, you really can't beat it! Also tasty: gazpacho, sausage empanada thing, salmon, apple empanada. Really disappointed with the steak frites because the steak was tough and reminded me of pot roast. Don't get me wrong, I like pot roast, but I would rather not think of it when I'm trying to indulge in my steak! French fries were meh, as was the service! I would definitely go back and try some of there specialties!We've have been here multiple times and have never had a bad meal, the service was adequate if your not dying of thirst.  The shrimp and grits where exquisite and the chipotle honey wings will dominate my food spank bank. I'm only giving a 4 star because of the attentiveness of the server lacked something to make this a 5 star.Good comfort food, casual atmosphere, friendly staffAverage food, atrocious service.
I came here last week with a group of 8 friends. We were excited to try a new restaurant, and our waitress appeared to be very friendly and accommodating. However, towards the end of the meal, we experienced so many debacles and frustration that I will never recommend this restaurant to anyone again. First, while we clearly had a coupon for a free desert, our waitress questioned the value of the coupon. Really? Does it make sense to challenge a coupon for a DOLLAR SEVEN dessert when you are serving a group of 8? That type of shortsighted and ill informed thinking unfortunately became a theme for the rest of the meal. After (very reluctantly) serving our dessert, our waitress completely botched our bill. While this was a huge pain, most of us would have been willing to deal with the situation graciously had it not been for the rude and impatient attitude of our waitress, who repeatedly tried to convince it was our fault that the bill did not represent the prices of the meal. A few minutes later, the manager got involved and realized that the bill issues were a result of the restaurant's miscalculation, not ours. This whole process of basic revelation took approximately ONE HOUR. 
After realizing that the restaurant/waitress had messed up the bill, the manager did not offer us any of the following: free drink, reduced charges, or coupons. While she did spend around 15 minutes apologizing, she did not take any action to remedy the situation. We were extremely disgusted by the whole situation and were desperate to leave the restaurant. As we were leaving, the manager repeatedly assured us that she would make it her personal responsibility to check that each of us were charged the correct amount for the meal on our credit cards. One week later, I looked at my credit card bill and guess what? I was charged an extra 12 dollars for the meal. It's completely incomprehensible to me why the manager would spend 15 minutes apologizing to us if she clearly did not intend to execute her promise. 
As for the food, the overall quality was mediocre. The mac and cheese was pretty good (but let's be honest, it's pretty hard to mess up mac and cheese) and the desserts were tasty. However, the salads did not taste fresh and salad dressing was watery. The cocktails were similarly weak and unimaginative in taste.I was visiting my friend in philly when we came upon this place. She's pregnant and was really hungry so we didn't have time to look for somewhere and decided just to come here. I read a few reviews and asked the waitress what her favorite was before ordering and it seemed like the crispy chicken sandwhich was a popular choice. We both ordered that and the wings.
CHIPOTLE  HONEY WINGS
these wings were pretty bad. They were dry and didn't taste anything like chipotle honey they tasted like regular buffalo wings. I wouldn't get them again.
CRISPY CHICKEN SANDWHICH
It took SO SO SO long for this dish to come out... probably about 45 minutes and the place was not crowded at all. It was a weekday at 2pm...there was maybe a hand full of people there if not less. The chicken was pretty thin and very fried- even more fried than my liking and I like fried food. It was a huge sandwhich but it wasn't good at all. The "herb mayo" was on the bottom but I wish it was just regular mayo instead. I asked the waitress what it was and she said a chiptole mayo- terrible. The bread was huge and thick. I don't recommend this dish.. I don't know why I read so many great reviews about it...but to each his own! 
APPLE PIE WITH VANILLA ICE CREAM 
When I checked-in here with yelp I got a free dessert. This was probably my favorite part of this foodie adventure... until we actually tasted the dessert. We got the apple pie with vanilla ice cream- I mean how can you mess that up. One of my favorite american desserts. But it wasn't good. The apple pie was huge and had slices of apples inside but it just wasn't good apple pie. I don't know how to describe it. I would've been fine with just a slice of Sara Lee apple pie.
Probably not coming back here.
I did want to try the mac and cheese tho- I mean how can you go wrong with mac and cheese, but Im sure they will find a way.You know what makes this place? The ambiance and the staff. It feels like going to your cousin's house-- the cousin you like because she's warm and nice even though you don't know her that well. She serves good food that's just a tad fancier like when someone puts unusual cheeses in a mac and cheese dish.
This place is a little more expensive for the type of American fare, but definitely not bad and definitely better than average.I am not going to write a long review since last Friday was my first time in Bridget Foy's. Every time I drive past Bridget Foy's on a Thursday or Friday afternoon, I see people sitting outside having a good time. When a fellow Yelper recommended this place for lunch I did not hesitate to say yes.  
There were some really delicious items on the menu but I decided to go with The Standard Burger. Besides, if a bar & grill are incapable of making a decent burger then it's not worth stepping inside. Fortunately for me, the burger at Bridget Foy's did not disappoint but exceeded my expectations. At the end of our meal owner, Bridget Foy, brought over a piece of butterscotch tiramisu for the table. I am not the biggest tiramisu fan, but I truly considered going back after work to take some home. 
I guess I can blame her for putting me in a mellow mood making me pretty much useless for the rest of the day, but I can see why I see so many patrons enjoying themselves. Next time hopefully I am off the clock and grab a few drinks.Im not very impressed by their brunch, but i have always had very good dinners and snacks/drinks. We even went here for Thanksgiving because my father is ill. Great service, great food. Classic with something different.The short rib tacos and the chocolate cake are good and that's about it. The food was served cold. The steak was WAY TOO SALTY. The food was very bad. Maybe it was because it was restaurant week maybe it was a bad night but I have been to plenty of restaurants both during their restaurant week and again during regular times and have not experienced as poor tasting food as this. I've had better food at an Applebee'sCame here twice already and not entirely impressed. First time was restaurant week with two of my girlfriends and second time was for a bridal shower. Both times, food was just eh and same with the drinks.
Restaurant week food was better than what I had at the shower. Brasied shortrib was great! I enjoyed this more than my own meal which was the steak. It was a tad on the drier side. They also threw in free sangria which was ok. It's free, so can't really complain.
At the shower, started off with a salad. It was a simple salad. Nothing to write home about. Then lunch was the crab cake. This was extremely dry and lacked the flavor of a good crab cake. I had to put tons of hot sauce on it just to make it edible. Also had the bloody mary. It was horrible! Skip this by all means necessary. It needed more spice, salt, tomato....just everything. Lol. I did like the dessert though (banana cheesecake thing).I had a great experience here.  My friend and I recently stumbled upon this restaraunt as we were looking for a place to eat on South Street.  
We started with the hummus and sweet potato pierogies as appetizers.  The hummus was pretty good, heavier on the lemon flavor than garlic, which is sometimes a good change.  The pita bread that accompanied the hummus was excellent though.  The sweet potato pierogies are to die for...they are a perfect combination of sweet and savory and just pops in your mouth!  
Next we moved onto the main course.  My friend ordered the veggie burger and I ordered the mac and cheese.  My friend said her veggie burger was perfectly seasoned, but the patty itself would have been even better if it binded together well.  The bun was sweet and buttery and contrasted well with the patty and the pesto aoili.  My mac and cheese was very good as well.  The potato chip crust on top added a nice crunchy texture and the bechamel sauce was very cheesy and creamy.  However, I would have liked it if they added another dimension to balance out the cheesy goodness...maybe adding some onions would have been good.  Overall, our main courses were delicious.
We also ordered strawberry lemonades, which is not on the menu.  Initially, it was extremely tart and almost undrinkable.  But we asked them to add some sugar syrup and it made it much, much better.
They were busy so sometimes it would take awhile for us to get service, but the service overall was still not bad.We had our annual Friendsgiving party here for the 2nd year in a row. Bridget helps us and goes the extra mile to make our party as memorable as possible. We have had this event at 5 different locations, and this place is by far the best. The downstairs atmosphere is cozy and upscale without being snobby. I can't speak to the food but in terms of a bar and private event space I can't recommend it enough.Went here for restaurant week recently and everything we had here was absolutely delicious! I had the lamb shank for dinner and it was huge and fell right off the bone. Great place!I've been to Bridget Foy's twice and this is a solid brunch spot and a good place to take a break from whatever you're doing, sit on the deck, enjoy a drink and people-watch.  
I guess they are still doing the make-your-own bloody mary concept since the bar was set up when I was in a few weeks ago.  I guess some people like to do it?  I dont know. A good bartender at a brunch spot ought to be able to sling a bloody.
The blood orange bellinis are fantastic and at $28 for the pitcher, you get 6-7 drinks, which beats the hell out of the $9 price per.  My other half and I are looking to make a ritual out of it.  I've never been disappointed by anything that i've eaten there and for the area, the prices are fair. - even with the pitcher of bellini, we  walked out of there full, happy (wasted) and about $65 lighterAlthough I've passed it for years, it never enticed me. We finally wandered in here, because it's convenient. Was shocked out how delicious the food is and how friendly the waiter is. From the outside I thought it looked like a diner (and I love diners) but just wasn't interested. First time I had a delicious burger but wished I'd ordered the meatloaf, because it is excellent. Waiter helped us figure out which beers made the most sense for our dinner choices. Next time I had a vegetarian Moroccan vegetable stew that I still dream about. Can't remember which dessert we shared, but I do know it was so good. A little noisy, but I like the food and I like the atmosphere.Another treat we found thanks to Yelp! The food was delicious. I enjoyed meatloaf, collard greens and the best macaroni and cheese ever -which I could have ordered as my entree! We started with fried pickles (awesome!) and fried calamari. Because of a coupon on Yelp, we then were able to sample one of their desserts which was amazing. I agree about this place making for fabulous people-watching if you are seated on the patio.I really enjoy Bridget Foys.  I'm a regular there and the waitresses/waiters are pretty consistent so you get to know them and they get to know you, which is always nice.  Their service is excellent and in the probably 50+ times I've eaten there, I've never been disappointed.  Their eggplant napoleon is delicious and their chicken sandwich is a staple.  They have extremely flavorful cheesecakes (goat cheese!) that are a real treat as well.  Overall, a huge fan!  Before I live Philadelphia I promise to purchase one of Bridget's infamous olive paintings that decorate the walls.Nice place with covered outdoor seating and a perfect spot for people watching.  I have not yet tried the food, but my wife and I stopped by on a rainy night to have a drink.  It is one of the only places in the city where you can sit outside even when its raining thanks to the covered patio.  
The service is top notch and the beer list is good.
The bathroom's, while clean, are located upstairs...which requires you to walk up a very narrow stairway which can only handle people walking in one direction, or else you will be getting to know the person walking the other direction on a very personal level.  
In general its a great place and I look forward to going back for food.In the city for Jimmy Buffett.  Stopped in for buck-a-shuck, and stayed for dinner. Awesome service from Kevin! Oysters were great! Mussels were great! Scallops were great! Grabbed a couple $3 Kenzinger drafts as well! Good stuff!  Thanks!I live very close to Bridget Foy's so I WANT to like, it, but its just ok.  Everytime I have a meal there, I decide that I am not going to come back, but every so often, just due to its shear convenience, I do.  The good is average, but I have always had great service.  The decor is warm and inviting.  I wish that they would expand their menu a bit and improve the quality of their food, because they have a great location and an excellent staff.  I just feel like this restaurant has potential that they do not capitalize on.Bridget Foy's has been a reliable South Street mainstay for practically forever.  It occupies a prime location where Second Street meets South and indeed its outdoor café has long been "people watching" central.  But indoors is also inviting - especially with all the cool paintings by one of the owners.  The food is tasty, the service is always friendly, and one can only hope that Bridget Foy's will remain a Philly institution for decades to come.
At a recent happy hour I enjoyed their three buck draught Kenzinger accompanied by very flavorful deviled eggs and honey chipotle chicken wings.  The female bar tender was great making everyone at the bar feel at home.  With all the options of where to eat & drink in Philadelphia, it's great to see Bridget Foy's still very much in the mix!We went here for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. I had a decent latte and the blueberry pancakes, which were delicious. The portion size was perfect and the waitress offered to sub fresh fruit for the bacon it normally comes with. My boyfriend's peanut butter-nutella french toast was amazing. We'll be back for brunch again.holy yum-o, batman!!
Sunday brunch is not to be missed here. on vacation in Philadelphia, and this was the best!!!It seems that before I wrote this review this place was labeled as not being wheelchair accessible. I dined in Sunday and found it to be the opposite. I arrived with my family at the front door that is ramped. It is a steep ramp so it may take a second with a manual chair but if you have someone to help you from behind you'll be just fine. Right inside the door is the bar area which is a tight squeeze but do-able. The staff was more than welcoming and the food was delicious. I had the head burger with mushrooms and a fried egg. 
My only complaint is that the restrooms are upstairs. If you go, be sure to take care of that before you come in.Had dinner here on a Saturday night.  The Resturant was very crowded but got seated quickly in the bar.   The drinks were great and the food was delicious.  The portions are not huge but reasonable priced.Good place to sit outside. Food was pretty good. Pork Flatbread exceed my expectations. Burger was fresh and juicy.
The street performers playing guitar across the street played really good and should be employed as part of the staff.
Kudos for using made in PA Emeco chairs.Went to B.Foy's twice in the past thee days and have been there plenty in the past years.  I went with some friends over the weekend and we had a great meal.  Best thing about this place are their appetizers.  I had the Lamb Empanadas and they were so good on Saturday night that I went back Monday and got an order for lunch as take out.  Deliciously silky lamb filled pouches with an awesome curryish dipping sauce.  The flatbread mushroom pizza is awesome and has really nice flavor for something that is normally just so-so bar food.  Duck tacos used to be my favorite until I found the Empanadas.  Dinner entrees made everyone happy but the appetizers were really the stars of the meal.  The service here is definitley worth mentioning too...I've been here on quiet Tuesday nights to watch the Phillies game, busy Saturday nights with friends and average Wednesdays with 12 collegues for work lunches... I always have top notch service.  They are attentive to all requests, helpful with the menu, and very fast with drinks and food.19$ for what should have been a 5$ meal. My girlfriend and I ordered pumpkin tortellini off their thanksgiving menu, and while I understand the prices will be raised for the holiday, this was just ridiculous. We were served about 6 pieces of tortellini and a couple spoonfuls of diced squash, which were sitting in a puddle of olive oil. We had to try to strain the oil off the pasta to even eat it and the vegetables were a lost cause. The service was good and their meat dishes are probably better, but if you are vegetarian, do not eat here.Tonight I was a victim of BLUNT DISCRIMINATION, SINGLING OUT, and abuse by this place's MANAGER, who approached me in a middle of dinner and told me to leave the place due to 1 hateful customer who was unhappy that my bichon barked once ( we were sitting outside ). Mind you, the place calls itself dog friendly. Next to my table, there were another dog, but nobody said anything to them, while I was singled out in very humiliating way. I have never experienced mistreatment and abuse on such profound and ugly level as by the management of this place.Great restaurant in a fabulous location to sit outside and people watch. Brunch is our favorite meal here, but dinner is also good.We go here all the time with our two year old. It's very kid friendly and they have a Mama's night out special on Monday nights where moms get a free glass of wine and kids eat free. It's lovely at around 5:30...the service is kid friendly and fast. The food is pretty good...not too may healthy choices, but solid for South street.My wife's wedding shower was here a few years ago in the private party room, since then, we've been here on multiple Valentine's days (including tonight). I've always had a great time here. It's not the fanciest place in all of Philadelphia but it's very quaint, friendly and the food is amazing.Went here for drinks after an entertaining walk down South street. Nice drink selection with some unique creations. Bartender was very friendly, talkative and gave us lots of advice on Philly.
Will be back for dinner sometime.went there for brunch... nothing spectacular.  the house bloody mary was actually better than the bloody i made at the "make your own" bar.  that could just be my own ineptitude, but i'd like to think that i could make a better custom-to-my-tastes bloody mary than what's most likely poured out of a jug.
it's not that bridget's brunch was bad... there are just plenty of better places to go.We enjoyed a couple of drinks and appies on the patio when we visited Philly on our great American road trip on the fourth of July.
I enjoyed the red sangria, bae got a refreshing cucumber gin cocktail, and another person in our party tried a highly recommended IPA.
We didn't try mains here but I enjoyed our order of fried green tomatoes - yum!
A great place to people watch on the patio while enjoying a drink and a bite!Haikus For Bridget Foy
Beautiful menus,
Chairs are pretty like rainbows,
Pretentious Hipsters.
Outdoor eating, yay!
Taste food spendor superwow,
And they do not card.
Thank you ::bows::Bleh.  It's OK if you don't expect much from the restaurants lining South Street.  Stopped by here around 5PM one day after work with the BF for an early supper and it was totally unremarkable.  I probably wouldn't even have reviewed it if I hadn't seen it pop up randomly on Yelp and I randomly remembered I'd gone there.  
It's really odd that when we came here, they seated us in the back although it was completely empty.  Happy hour was something like 5-7PM but the waitress said happy hour was only available to those that sat up front in the bar or outside.  Um, it was 20 degrees outside so that rules that out... 
Flatbread was oily and meh, and the beer menu was small.  Everything was expensive for what it was.Had lunch at Bridget Foys yesterday.  Friendly wait staff.  Order the grilled cheese and tomato soup.  The soup was bland and the grilled cheese, nothing special.  Also ordered a house salad with grilled chicken.  The salad was a large bowl of mixed greens, 2 cherry tomatoes,  a slice of cucumber quartered and a few slivers of red onion.  The chicken was not grilled and was bland.  After eating we used the restroom located on the second floor. The carpeting on the stairs leading to the upstairs was filthy, black, pretty disgusting.Been coming here with LARGE groups for years! Although I come with often the most demanding entourage,  this place always pulls through to accommodate!  The upstairs media room is perfect for larger parties, be it for Brunch, Lunch and Dinner, and comes with media capabilities for slide shows,  presentations and music.  Recently came here with boisterous crowd for New Years Day brunch! Not only were they open,  but they were on point and ready to accommodate my last minute large crowd for our first Day (New Year) brunch. We walked in at a little after 2pm after the morning crowd had died down and we're situated upstairs!  The service was great.  The food was great.  The bottomless mimosas were ideal! I do recommend you get reservations for large parties. In the past I've gotten dinner packages for my group and a prix fix as well with a week advancement notice.  I've held dinners here for my sorority,  women groups and company. Every time I've consistently have had great service!Last night, my date and I stopped by Bridget Foy's for a quick bite to eat.
We were seated instantly and given a table slightly seperate from the noisy, bigger groups. 
Our waiter was extremely friendly and attentive. When it came time to order, he suggested one of the night's specials: a pizza with mozzarella cheese, red sauce, broccoli, and red pepper. It was extremely good and it ended up only being $10!
We had a very enjoyable experience and would definitely go there again.Always reliable.  Good food, nothing too fancy but always well done and satisfying.  Great staff and nice environment and great outdoor seating.Came in for the first time last night and absolutely loved it. Food was outstanding, and the inside/outside tables are perfect for this time of year.
Our waitress was incredibly attentive and checked in just enough up until the time we wanted our check- it was 25 minutes from the time we finished eating until the time we paid. Could be because a table of seven (four of them little kids) came in around then, but still.
Even so, she was still really friendly and helpful. Being 20 sometimes makes you feel like you're being judged for not buying drinks (since you look old enough to drink but seem like you're just being cheap), but we did not get that vibe here. Macaroni and cheese was the best I've ever had, and I've had it all over the city. Highly recommend!Mother's day disaster
Placed us in the most uncomfortable spot, literally next to the host station. Refused to move us to open tables in the back...no one sat there the whole time we were there..food was not special at all...crispy chicken sandwich over cooked and over spicy...and dry. The fries had no flavor. The burger was just okay. No refills on drinks. No one asked either. 
We didn't feel like staying for dessert due to the non- welcoming. Yes they wished us a happy mother's day.
Sorry but we'll never go back.This place is awesome! Highly recommend the chicken or burger sandwich and if you are lucky enough to have the mud pie as the special Dessert of the day! Go for it! You will not regret it! Yum, yum, and more yum!Just came from this place with a group. The food was meh, but the service was very friendly and nice. The ambience is chill, the game was on downtown. Very laid-back atmosphere. Wish I had a better meal.The food is m-e-d-i-o-c-r-e!
Restaurants that serve mediocre or just average food are not worth writing a review about. Hence my lack of 3 star reviews. 
What makes this restaurant worthy of a review are the flies. THERE ARE FLIES EVERYWHERE, AND PLENTY OF THEM. At the first table we were seated at, there was a dead fly on the table. We requested a new table, and spent the entire time with our hands in the air swatting and trying to keep the flies from making a landing near us.YUM! First got take out from here and loved it!  I had the Caramelized Fennel & Roasted Beet Salad.  A little fancy for an every day lunch, but absolutely delicious!  I added shrimp to it and the big succulent grilled suckers really hit the spot.  Also had Brunch here with two friends.  We started with the blood orange bellini pitcher (great choice for our hangovers).  As for food, I had the Country sausage eggs benedict and  had to hold myself back from licking the plate.  SIZZLER! rivaled the eggs benedict I had at Oprah's personal chefs' restaurant in D.C.  Great place, Great food.  Yes, a bit pricey, but worth every pretty penny.I've been to Bridget foy's a handful of times and it is consistently good food. My favorite here is the veggie burger and I'm not even a vegetarian yet I prefer to get it over their meats. I've tried the potato chip crusted mac n cheese here and it phenomenal! I hear great things about their chicken sandwich as well.
Their drinks selection is pretty good too. They always have cool seasonal beers available. Also, if you can try to sit with Kevin (the guy with the awesome mustache). Really great guy!My oh my how Bridget Foy's has changed since my first visit. The restaurant leaves a great first impression- updated seating & decor, quick attention from the hostess, and a neatly updated menu with big-flavor offerings (read braised short rib fries and duck tacos). It's enough to get your mouth watering. 
Unfortunately, the food didn't follow through, even with a very nice and attentive server. My girlfriend and I ordered the fried pickles and lamb meatballs for an appetizer. The pickles were fine I supposed, but lacked a quality, crispy crust. The lamb meatballs may have been from a bag, and the convoluted ingredients didn't jive-- the dish never came together to leave me with a satisfied feeling (a strange provencal sauce over pearled cous cous...I guess?). 
For entrees, we went with a burger and the crispy chicken sandwich. The burger was delicious- the fried egg made it insanely scrumptious. The crispy chicken sandwich was sad. The bread was crispier than the chicken, and it lacked decent flavor- just a big greasy chicken sandwich. 
Last, the fries are pretty terrible unless you like floppy, warm, greasy potato sticks. 
Let's give Bridget Foy's a big thumbs up for their burger, updated style, and new menu. Just be careful of the dishes you choose-- they are either a hit or a big miss.
TIP: If you can sign-up for their insider program, they like to give $25 gift cards annually.After much hype about how great this place was, I had to say I walked away underwhelmed. It started off promising with its cozy atmosphere, friendly host and the amazing smells from the kitchen. The deviled eggs were sinfully delicious...I could have eaten a dozen, easily. But it all stopped there. I had the shortrib flatbread and was disappointed. The meat was dry and bland, not like any shortrib I've had in the past. The dish was messy to eat...I didn't even finish it. I'm not one to leave a crumb behind usually. My companions were also a bit let down by their dishes. One of them said she was surprised because the place used to be really good but it's not the same.
I have to say also, I was quite annoyed with our server. When asked about the gluten-free menu that we saw posted online she said with a little bit of 'tude that there is no menu like that, but there are GF items. I went back to the site in case I'd been mistaken and boom, there's the link. Now, apparently it's not a separate menu but indicates which items on the menu are gluten-free. However, the menu in hand did not denote anything. Some consistency would be good there. When we asked about ingredients in one of the dishes she actually argued and the 'tude returned. After checking with the chef, it turns out we were correct and she was not. 
Overall, the only thing that saved the night for us was the beer list and eggs. But after paying the bill, which was a bit inflated for the value of what we received, I will not return.This place has been on the up and up for a while. It was one of those corner restaurants that I passed by often yesteryear and never really noticed. I guess that was my mistake.
I started coming in here more often after moving into the neighborhood. It's a nice spot, good for dinner any day of the week. The draft list is well-rounded, the food menu is diverse enough to appease the adventurous yet tame enough to satiate those with under-developed palates (kids).
Good for events, family dinners, you name it.
Fair warning: on nice days, this place can get pretty hectic with its huge amount of outdoor seating. But there's always three floors of seating inside. (Provided the other floors happen to be open at the time).My wife and I stop by every once and awhile as we used to live across the street.  Always great food and great service and a great place to people watch on south street never disappointing. Same waiter outside for years and consistent quality food.  We recently stopped in looking forward to the chicken sandwich but it was not up to par.  Please please fix that sandwich so we keep coming back!Had the pork and mango salsa tacos, and they were possibly the best I've had in my life. Service was phenomenal, all of the staff was really friendly. Boyfriend had the steak, and it was perfect, and I had the burger special which was delicious. Will definitely be coming back, possibly our new favorite spot.3.5 stars
I came in here trying to find somewhere that was decent and not filled to the gills with people on a Saturday night(Yeah I know, its South St).
I ordered the mixed green salad special and a cherry bourbon glazed pork tenderloin.  The mixed green salad came with vegetables and candied pecans with a vinaigrette dressing. The vegetables were very fresh and the dressing was nice and tangy/tart.
The cherry bourbon glazed pork tenderloin came out with butternut squash ravioli and haricots verts. The ravoli were pretty dang tasty, but few in number. Likewise the green beans were fresh and had a nice sauce accompanying it, but they were few in number.
The pork was really good. The cheery glaze/sauce complimented and made this dish. The pork was very tender. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
The lemon cake with coconut frosting was the low point of the meal. The cake didn't taste much like it had any lemon in it. The frosting was ok, but nothing special.
I had two beers with my meal. The Harpoon UFO Hefeweizen was very tasty. They didn't have any Ommegang left, to my dismay. So I ended up drinking a Troegs Nugget Nectar? that tasted a little funky. Clean the lines folks, and change the kegs.
The service was really good. My server Mia made sure I had plenty of water and beer. Not only that, but the hostess also stopped by and checked to make sure I was ok. How many restaurants has that happened to you recently?
Just a warning, the bathrooms are upstairs and you have to ascend M.C. Escher like staircases in order to get to the bathroom. So I wouldn't recommend drinking too much and then trying to climb them. I could see that women in high heels might have difficulties as well.
I enjoyed the food, but it seemed a little pricy. I might be back and order something else(Yes, maybe a burger, smartass).Was here years ago with a friend from DC on recommendation from a friend in NJ. It's a nice place. But, the dishes that stand out to me were the calamari appetizers and the dessert chimichanga.
The calamari was excellently fried - crispy and right tenderness. Came in a cone presentation with pieces of jalapeno peppers. Very nice, tasty, not too spicy.
The chimichanga was tasty. It was sweet - and I guess I didn't really expect it like that. While tasty, I can' t say I enjoyed it or thought it was memorable.
I may need to experience Bridget Foy one more time but my first time was probably average - not too hot, not too cold. I, however, might be more adventurous or desire more adventure with my food than Bridget Foy caters too.
Parking is Philadelphia parking - so be careful, make sure you feed the meter.I'll cut to the chase on this review..I ate here for dinner which was probably my first mistake because when I looked at most of the other reviews..people go here for lunch and brunch.  I started with the fried mac and cheese balls...they were nothing to write home about.  I've had much better at Cheesecake Factory (5 years ago..not sure if still on the menu) and Tommy Guns BBQ (also been about 5 years ago).  My second course was the crab bisque.  It had no taste, OH AND I FOUND A PUBIC HAIR/ARMPIT HAIR IN IT.  After staring at it for a good 10 minutes..I had to hunt my waitress down because she was MIA..and hadn't even checked back with us after she dropped it off.  After I told her the situation..she asks " Would you like me to get you something else?"...REALLY?!!!!!  REALLY.  Possible answers I thought of were a) No!  I love pubic hair in my food! b) No!  Take this away and I will gladly pay for soup with a pube in it !  and finally c) Hey dipshit.  The first thing you should do is PROFUSELY APOLOGIZE..have it taken off of my bill, and ask is there anything you can do to remedy the situation.  She did none of those.  She acted really nonchalant like this is a normal occurrence.  Nasty.  I followed up my pube soup with the steak..nothing special and the sauce that it was served on did not taste good.  
Will  not recommend.  Will never go here again.I have not written a review in a while, but extenuating circumstances have forced me to write this.
I Decided to try here for lunch because I've always been intrigued by their menu. I ordered a "sesame chicken salad". When it came out it looked more like a Caesar with very thin slices of grilled chicken. I was surprised. I imagined sesame chicken on top of salad. I asked a waitress about it (because our waiter had been disinterested from the start) She explained that there were sesame seeds sprinled on top. So it was a sesame chicken salad. 
I took a bite, didn't care for it. I wanted crispy sesame chicken, not bland grilled chicken. After staring at it for a while, the manager came over. And said stoicly "you dont care for it?" I asked to look at the menu (to see if I missed something. If it was my mistake I would gladly eat it. Or take it to go) I wanted to just look at the menu and she very abruptly cleared everything around me.
 She said she would bring back silverware and a napkin(that never happened )
 I ordered a Caesar with steak. I thought, no surprises for this one. Not only did it take way too long, it came out with two large sections of romaine. Like a wedge salad. 20 minutes and not even chopped. At first I honestly thought "haha good one kitchen". "if she wants a salad ill give her a salad!!"
My boyfriend automatically laughed when they brought it out. We asked the waiter, (when he finally pretended to care) said "its a caesar WEDGE salad. I thought by his tone, CLEARLY I had missed something on the menu, so I took his word for it. 
The salad was average, but it is kind of inconvinient to have to slice the hardest part of romaine with a butterknife, in a bowl. When I told our waiter we thought this was a joke, he was not amused.
Btw, it says "caesar" salad on the menu. No mention of a wedge anywhere. By their logic, my boyfriend's chicken sandwich could have been "sesame chicken sandwich" because it had seeds on the bun. 
Oh yeah and service was slow. Painfully so. Not a big deal because we werent in a hurry. But irritating when there's two servers and 10 tables. No big groups. 
You know what, the service is so slow and apathetic...I have been writing this review on my phone, rewrote a couple drafts, showed it to my boyfriend, before  they brought us our check. We had our bright blue card on the table for close to 30 minutes now.
Monday's tend to be the slow day. And their best staff isn't usually around. I get it. But this is just really sad.  I understand the creative presentation, but the menu descriptions are completely inaccurate. Also, in my experience, if I have a fussy person ordering a second dish I would clarify it for them! our Caesar is served like...". Basics people, basics.
Worst 50 dollar lunch ( with two drinks and a tip) I've ever had. Nice weather though.Just had a fabulous early lunch with my friend and couldn't have asked for a tastier burger or friendlier waitress! The outdoor seating was great with fresh cut flowers on the table. Will be back again!I gave this place 4 stars because of the busboy Augie (Augustine). It really deserves 3.  I had the waiter with the crazy mustache (I will refer to him as Stache) and he gave my date and I such little attention that we felt slighted. Augie stepped in and brought our food, took our drink order, and cleared our food. Stache did come over to apologize stating a table of 2 was "demanding" and he's been working there 10 or so years.....
I was watching him run his mouth the whole time. 
To add insult to injury after he apologized his service didn't get any better.
We had to flag him down to get our check as he was, yet again, chatting. 
Enough about Stache, Augie saved the day.We recently had a private party on the 3rd floor at Bridget Foy's and it was great! Having 2 rooms there really helped with our crowd (40+), especially since we had a Karaoke DJ in one room (easily arranged through Bridget Foy's and for a good price!). We had appetizers in the bar area and there was more than enough room to socialize (plus the bartenders were wonderful). The dinner was great as was the dessert -- Xango-Banana Caramel wrapped in crispy cinnamon sugar (save room for it!).
After searching many venues in the City, we chose Bridget Foy's because the cost was quite reasonable for our event (a pre-wedding party for out-of town guests; since we were already spending much $$ for the wedding, we needed to watch our budget with this event)... AND they could easily accommodate 40+ guests with a nice menu, bar package, and space.
I can't say enough about how wonderful the staff (and Bridget) were to us; we had a great time and everyone was so nice! Some of our guests ended up checking out South Street while there. Parking was not an issue (all of our guests found street spots or parking lots and the restaurant makes suggestions); and I would recommend this venue to anyone looking to host a private party!
(Only downside: many steps to the 3rd floor, if you have older guests like we did, they will point this out to you ;)
Maria V.
Philly, PAWalking around the historic waterfront district, needed to find respite from the sun.  Saw a growing crowd on the covered porch so decided to give it a whirl.
Good find in a tourist area.
Enjoy a glass of refreshing Troegs sunshine pilsner, my wife, a glass of house white. 
We shared an order each of the short rib tacos and fish tacos (each order had 3 small tapas style soft shell tacos.)  Very nice options, full of flavor.
hit the spot.
Our server Bianca was working a lot of tables along the porch and she did a great job, passed by a few times to make sure we were okay.
Good place for a weary tired foot restful mealThis place has the best food on south street hands down. They change the menu items from time to time but everything I've had is good.I'm not a big proponent of the whole half-star thing, but... *if I could, I would give Bridget Foy's a 3.5 star rating.* I can't believe I just seriously wrote that. I've stopped in twice in the last three weeks and probably enjoyed my first meal more, but cannot rave about it here because it no longer exists.
Bridget Foy's has a convenient location on South Street near the TLA and I happened to attend two shows there recently -- making this a great pre-show dinner spot. Especially since we had two cool nights and who brings coats in for shows!
I was coming down with an illness during my first visit last month and asked our server, Allison, if a hot toddy was an option. Apparently they have it on their dessert menu, but I ordered one as a main drink anyway.
Along with that, I had the crispy chicken sandwich and it was delic---no, can't say a word about how good it was because it's not offered anymore. They were revamping their menu when we were there due to a new chef, and there was a new menu when I was there yesterday and it was no longer a part of it. Now there's a grilled chicken sandwich that looks much healthier. Bummer!
Yesterday: After some confusion as to where the host was, we were seated at a squeezed in table. Not the most comfortable place to sit and I really enjoyed being non-apologetically elbowed by the guy behind me. Allison was our server again (and, it looked, for most of the rest of the room).
This time, I ordered a Stillwater Stateside Saison from their decent list. For my meal, I didn't want to put down $20+ for an entree, nor was I feeling a burger or their other options, so I went with two sides: the vermont mac and the sautéed spinach. I'm a light eater, so this worked for me.
I'd go back if I'm in the area, but probably not otherwise.I had both the most expensive and the worst spinach salad in my life at Brigid Foy's.  
The worst.
Please note that when I say worst, I am  including the one that my old boyfriends mother made for dinner one sad day.
She didn't know to wash the sand out of the spinach and it was a tooth crushing salad of sand.
 I ate her salad out of politeness, whereas I was able to just fully reject the foible of Foy's.
Some day, if your lucky, I'll tell you about his mothers recipe for hamburger soup (main ingredient - ketchup).
Blech.Have been wanting to try this place for a long time. Decided to come for lunch to celebrate my wife's birthday. We sat at the bar and we were greeted by the bartender. This place only deserves 2 stars! One for drinks (my wife had the peach mango white sangria) and one for their wings (wings were crispy and very tasty). We tried the Mac & Cheese, and it came out dry, hard, and tasteless... as if it were microwaved.  When we mentioned this to the staff their reply was to "stir it up a bit" & "our chef put a bit too much bread crumb on it" Sorry, but dry and tasteless doesn't get fixed by stirring.  And bread crumbs don't soak up cheese. Needless to say we will not be returning ever!I'd like to give this four stars but I'm trying to be more critical in my reviews, so 3.4 stars it is. On the plus side their burgers and crab cheesecake are 5 star good. The mushroom flatbread and many of the other options I've tried are 2 star good, however. Beer selection is a little quirky but diggable overall. I've mostly gone here for lunch or brunch, which is what I see it as best for, so keep that in mind. 
Service has always been fine and the interior is also fine as long as you ignore the ghastly paintings (complete with outrageous price-tags). It's a solid neighborhood place, I wouldn't have gone here more than once or twice if I hadn't lived two blocks away. 
Oh, and ask for the chipotle aioli. With everything.I made a reservation for Saturday afternoon lunch with two friends. I had been wanting to visit Bridget Foy's for a while and I was not disappointed! A few small hiccups and oddities, but this place is a solid four stars.
Service: The waitress/bartender came over right away and asked if I wanted to order something so that it would come out right after the rest of my party arrived. Drinks took about 30 seconds to arrive after being ordered (no lie). Additionally, she was able to provide us with tons of guidance about the best dishes to order.
Food: We were very hungry and we left completely stuffed from the amount of food we ordered. We got the mushroom flatbread and the BBQ pulled pork spring rolls. The spring rolls were very tasty and the shells were flaky and crisp. The sauce was killer, but overall I didn't notice too much BBQ flavor. The flatbread was heavenly, if a little oily from the mushrooms/artichokes. The ingredients also included mozzarella and arugula and the whole tasted fresh and light. We all shared an order of the mac-and-cheese, which had potato chips crumbled on top and four cheeses. HOLY GOD, ORDER THIS. I would have been happier with a thicker crust on top (the chips were more of a dusting), but seriously, this is probably the best mac-and-cheese that I've had in Philadelphia. My friend got the short rib tacos, the other friend got the standard burger, and I got the crispy chicken sandwich. Everyone guarded their food jealously, so I can only comment on mine: although (again), the aioli was fantastic and fresh, it really just seemed like dressed up Chick-Fil-A. Additionally, the fries were a little limp and soggy-- those definitely could be done better. Finally, even though we were really too full to order it, we got dessert: chocolate torte (yay for Yelp check-in rewards). It was so wonderfully dense and chocolatey (almost fudgey) that I couldn't even deal. Delicious. It also had strawberry preserves and thick whipped cream. I had to wash it down with a glass of water; thank goodness, it was being shared.
Drinks: I'm feeling that $8 is a reasonable price for a specialty cocktail, and Foy's orange take on the Bellini was delicious. The menu specifically said blood orange, but my garnish was a regular orange, so that was a little odd.
Yum. Yum. Yum. Definitely order the mac-and-cheese and the chocolate torte. You will not be disappointed.