A bit on the outskirts of walking distance, but a tasty meal. The place is small though, so be prepared for a long wait for the table even with a reservation.Although the atmosphere is inviting and it is a Byob, I couldn't help but say my pocket book was quite empty after. One pizza serves only 1 and comes in between $12-14. The sides are small and run around $10. I only ordered for carryout and split 2 small slices and a half a cup of stew with one person thinking this would be enough,however we were still hungry after and down $30. 
This is a great place for trying something new, but if you're hungry be prepare to order 3 pizzas to satisfy you're pizza  craving.Excellent! Bufad is down Spring Garden right past Broad, if you are coming from the Fairmount area. It won Best of Philly for brunch and I friggin love brunch, so I found myself here on a Sunday morning with the girls. I was surprised it wasn't packed, we made a rezzy, but when we got there the place was practically empty! Honestly more people need to learn about this place because, yo!!! It was delish.
I went with 3 of my girlfriends and we ordered 3 different dishes and split them. We got the eggs benny on a friggin pizza. Damn Daniel, this was so good! It was prosciutto I think on a pizza with a poached egg! It had a little spice. I am drooling thinking about it (not literally lmao). We got some gnocchi and egg dish, which I didn't LOVE, but my friends did and we also got the cannoli French toast. The mix of savory and sweet did it in for us...
After we ate we still hung around and crushed 2 bottles of champagne. Oh, did I mention it was BYOB!!! Bring the champagne and they'll give ya to OJ! It was lit.  
I will hundo p be back and I CANNOT wait.We have been here twice and both times the service was really dicey. Our waitress was super friendly but with no one else in the restaurant but us we didn't think it was too much to ask for a beer glass. We had to ask twice for it. The pizza is tasty but a bit sloppy and inconsistent. I do love the fact that it is BYOB and it is a nice atmosphere.My favorite pizza place by far. Which is great because I live across the street. The seasonal pizzas are amazing. My only complaint is that my favorite pizza is only available in the summer. Fingers cross that they bring it back. 
The crust might be my most favorite part. The perfect amount of crunchiness.  
Also, staff is nice and helpful.Well this started off with 4 stars but quickly changed.
Check in with yelp and got a free piece of pizza.  The waitress picked out something for me - potato pizza - wow... different but good.
With a group of six, they messed up one pizza.  Without any hesitation or being asked, they had another one in the oven to replace it.  They even told us to keep it and try it out.... THAT IS SERVICE!
Will revisit again!For some reason I feel like there's been a rash of pizza joints operated by heavily tattooed folks opening in this city.   Like pizza is edgy or something.  It's not.  It should be straightforward and good.  Simple.  And don't hug me when I check into your joint (Pizza Brain).  Gross.  Go make me a pizza.
This is where Bufad excels.  Yeah, people had an edge here.  But more South Philly rough-around-the-edges edge versus Northern Liberties look-at-me edge.  Good edge.  But whatever, I'm here to eat pizza.  Do you make good pizza?  Yes.  Do you need to beat me over the head with that fact?  No.  Deal.  Let's eat.
The sausage pizza here is the best I've ever had.  Any pizza, any place.  They make a few non-pizza dishes that all look, or can be confirmed as, delicious.  Simple.  Take the burrata.  A few everyday ingredients thrown together in a way you feel like you could do at home, but know deep down it wouldn't be the same.
I just wish they served beer.Today my partner and I tried some new pizzas. I had the Bianca and added arugula, it was perfect and creamy...my partner had the new (I think it's new) Hawaiian pizza which looked really good but he said it didn't have enough pancetta. All in all a good trip. Service was very good, music is always good here. It was a little too cold inside even when it was hot outside but that's preference.Bufad is fantastic. My boyfriend and I showed up around 8:30 last night and was luckily able to sit outside (they have heat lamps) without a reservation. However, I highly recommend a reservation since the wait was over an hour and since it's BYOB you can't 'wait and have a drink.'
It is very worth the wait if you have to wait! We started with a few of the fresh Antipasta. Not only was each tasting delicious, the presentation on a cutting board was much more than what I was expecting. 
My date and I also ordered a pizza each and shared. I had the Marinara pizza and my date had the Mushroom. Mine was very light without the cheese which was perfect post-antipasta. The Mushroom was a mix of mushrooms, onions and arugula with an olive oil sauce. Tasty for a nontraditional pizza. 
We ended dinner with generous pours of espresso and felt like we were dining on a piazza in Italy, not on the corner of Spring Garden and 13th.Great pizza. Fresh ingredients. But the tall guy serviing us was not friendly at all, didnt smile and He almost looked like he was annoyed for having customers. Go for the pizza, not for service.Amazing, true-to-form Italian pizza with an awesome staff and a great atmosphere. Definitely coming back here before events at the MOCA!We had been to Bufad for a weekend dinner. The weather was pleasant so we decided to sit outside. service was good - Food: pizza was super fresh and tasty. We tried Burrata - delicious! And basil ice cream for dessert - it was out of the world. We are definitely coming back to treat ourselves here.
If you are a vegetarian- there are plenty of options with the pizza. 
I believe it is BYOB. yaaaaayyyyyy!!!Amazing pizza! Amazing staff and it's BYOB. I put this with some of the top pizza places in PhillyThe pizza is solid, and I had a solid experience yesterday.
First off BYO is always a win in my book, no corkage fee. As others have said, Prohibition Bar is about a block away, so grab some cold ones and do that pizza & beer combo! 
Started off with the Burrata $12. A little steep, but the dish was pretty good, probably wouldn't get it again for what it's worth. The cheese was good, soft creamy and rich, served cold over warm asparagus, raisins, pine nuts. It was a good contrast of temperature, texture and rich cheese vs. fresh vegetables to combat the richness. 
Got 2 pizzas because we are fat, judge me. 
Mushroom pizza - YES. If you love mushrooms and truffle oil like I do, this one is a solid one. You can smell the truffle as sooon as the pizza comes out. The mushrooms are plentiful, the veggies make it fresh and give it texture.. and the egg is not weird at all! Perfectly cooked, so the runny yolk is perfectly creamy and rich with the cheese.. and mushrooms and truffle oil for the perfect creamy bite. I'm all about this pizza
Shrimp pizza special - this one was pretty good. Shrimp was fresh, cooked well and the tomato sauce was fresh. But the mushroom pizza stole the show for me
Personally, I would cut the pizzas even more, they cut them into 4 big slices -- I prefer 8 smaller slices.. but just a personal preference. Also, the crust could be a tad smaller for me so there's more room for toppings! Otherwise, solid effing pizza.Man I really thought I was going to like this place but it was a huge let down. My husband and I love Cafe Lift and I believe the same owner owns both places so I couldn't wait to try Bufad but it was yuck. Nothing about the pizza was good.  The cheese wasn't good and the sauce was really bad because it was watery and oily at the same time. The crust was a little burnt and not the tasty type of burnt either. The other thing I didn't think was right was that online the price of the pizza was $13 but when my husband went to pick it up it was $14. I wish I had known someone who tried this place before we wasted $14 on that pizza. Save your money and skip this place.A great little pizza place that is worth the effort to find. The ingredients are fresh, and the different types of pizza to choose from are unique and tasty. There are a few other eateries within a block or so, and I think they are all owned by the same group/person, and all worth a visit.Bufad's new BOGO Sunday promotion might be the best pizza deal in the city. We had two quality Neapolitan style pies here for $14. Still, even without money-saving specials Bufad's pies will satisfy the live-fired pizza craving if you find yourself in the area.
The lack of space here could prove problematic on a busier night, but I like the intimate wood-and-brick rustic aesthetic they have. Bufad's concise menu has a decent amount of options neatly divided between red sauce and more seasonal fare (the seasonal stuff usually tastes better). The pizzas' crusts are superb, rimmed with perfect amounts of char, crisp, slightly puffy, and intensely flavorful. I dug my slightly over-salted pannocchia pie with its unique combination of corn sweetness, mushroom funk, and salty pancetta and cheese. My companion's melanzane had rich eggplant flavor, hearty sauce, and mellow ricotta, which while tasty failed to make as big an impression as my pizza.
Still, both pies competed well with the better known Neapolitan haunts in Philly (Stella, Zavino, Barbuzzo, and the like) and were a couple bucks cheaper even without the promo. Also, many reviewers complain about the staff's douchiness, but everyone we interacted with acted friendly and courteous. Bufad renders trips to other pizza spots superfluous if you're nearby or don't want to deal with the headache of parking in more popular areas.Have not tried the Roman style but the Napoletan is as good as it gets!
Very friendly and efficient service.  Cool lighting and a fun vibe!
Love that it's BYO and accepts cc's.  Great option even during the week when you don't want to drop $100 or carry alot of cash!Top notch pizza, cute environment, great staff, I'll be back.This is a good fancy personal pizza place. I can't remember the name of the pie but one of the pies we got had a fried egg on it and it was awesome. It's also great that this place isn't too much money so it's a good spot for an affordable but fun date night. The burrata was also  super creamy. Great place!The pizza was pretty good... and I like the dough.  The two of us finished one pizza quite easily, but it was just the perfect amount of food. 
Our server was nice, and was able to make recommendations as well as minus the meat portion of the pizza we wanted with no trouble.  The atmosphere inside was laid back, slightly dark maybe a hair noisy?  I'd come back though.I enjoyed the gourmet pizza and carrot pistachio slaw!!   They have a nice lunch special for only $7.Bufad serves up the best pizza I've had outside of Italy.  The flavors are beyond amazing.  The Margherita and Summer Corn/Chèvre Pizzas are to die for.  In my opinion, this is the best place  for pizza in the city, by far. AND it's BYO, which just adds to my love of this place! Anyone looking for an authentic rustic pizza cooked to perfection (doughy AND thin crusted), look no further!On Friday, my fiance and I came to Bufad to enjoy a little date night in the snow. Bufad is a BYO so we brought a bottle of moscato to share with our pizza. The pizza's we ordered were the Mushroom Pizza which had truffle oil as well as a special of the day (slow cooked lamb pizza). For dessert we got this delicious lemon ricotta cake with poached pears and vanilla ice cream. The lamb was flavorful and delicious. The dough/crust of the pizza was so fluffy. I loved it! It tasted extremely fresh. The pizza just went together so well. The dessert was a nice touch too. For a BYO, the price is great! I have noticed that usually BYO's are expensive. 
Bufad is a restaurant that although gets full does not get loud. Furthermore, the service is quick but there doesn't seem to be too much interaction and people asking how you are. However, everybody is polite. I will definitely be returning or ordering in at some point.Great 4 course vegan meal. The pizza with spiced escarole, eggplant and pangrattato didn't even make me miss the cheese.
Can't wait to come back. Non vegan options as well that I want to try.I have nothing but amazing things to say about Bufad. We went for my birthday dinner. There was a bit of a wait, but they let us stand around and drink our wine. They also gave us the option of heading to prohibition for a drink and they would call us, we didn't do this,  but great option. Also,  the chef made us a free and tasty snack while we waited.  WHAT?! Who does that? Also, we had a group of 7, which they can't really accommodate, but they let us squeeze and it was great. We had the mozz brussel sprouts app, a delicious salad and 5 pizzas for the table. It was the perfect amount of food and everything was DELICIOUS. Also, super veg friendly,  easy to order pizzas without the meat. The brussel sprout pizza was so good that i wanted to live in it. Seriously. The staff was so friendly and genuinely cared about our experience. Go here. Often. Just don't go with more than 4/6 people if you want lots of room. I talked about Bufad to everyone I came in contact with last night because I want everyone to go and have a similar experience. Can't wait to back.Bufad is super close to where I live and I was really hoping for it to be good. Pizzeria vetri and nomads pizza (around the same prize range) is loads tastier and a much better option in my opinion. We ordered the corn pizza and the sausage pizza. The corn pizza was overly sweet and tasted like something was not fresh. The sausage pizza was a little bit better but it was overly saucy and soggy. Both pizzas were lukewarm and not piping hot (I didn't order takeout). Had high expectations but overall super disappointed. If you're in the area, skip this place, and head to vetri instead.This place is close to my job, so I tried it with a co-worker. The service was pretty good and our server was pleasant. I got the Rapini pizza which was really good, fresh, and baked really well. Prices were also reasonable. I'd definitely recommend this spot for someone who loves pizza and doesn't mind not ordering plain cheese or pepperoni.A party of 2 went to Bufad on a Friday of September 2017. I've been trying to find the pizza place since I've moved to Philadelphia. It's byo. We brought a bottle of wine with us to share.  
When we walked in it was a little awkward because the servers just stared at us until I asked if we seat ourselves (there was no customers there at the time). We finally were seated and the server brought us water and wine glasses. 
We ordered wood fired figs, tomato watermelon and merguez sausage. Wood fried figs were really good if you like figs. Tomato watermelon was pretty unique but we liked it. Something to try for sure. Merguez sausage pizza was okay. Nothing new.Umm...I guess I'm not hipster enough to like this place. The food ranged from mediocre (mussels, meh, go to any bar) to terrible (margherita pizza). The other pizzas we got were somewhere in between. But at $12-16 each, no thanks. I'll stick to Papa Johns.
Broken glass everywhere on the street doesn't help either.I'm really sad about the Margherita being so watered down. I really love Cafe Lift and have been a major supporter for years. For some reason Prohibition and Bufad have missed the mark. I tried the burrata and it was good, if not overpowered by the salty seasoning. I tried the escarole and similar to the Margherita the tomato sauce just doesn't pack a punch. You barely taste any flavor. No thanks. I'll continue to support Lift but I'll pass on Bufad and Prohibition.If you live or work around Bufad, you must go there... now!
Great service, and very affordable food. Not to forget delicious!
I recommend you check out their square pizzas of the day. These are quite hefty slices of pizza that sell for a dollar or two each. Two or three of these will definitely fill you up, and you and your wallet will be happy.I left my igloo in Alaska, and drove my dog team to the airport, flew 1,000's of miles to come here and eat the pizza.....no, seriously, and it was worth it! The Brussell sprout pizza was AMAZING! and Shaun with a "u" was excellent. Inspired to go home and create pizza from my homestead garden and homemade goat cheeses. Might have to sub Moose meat for the Kensington cuts however! Oh yeah, pizza crack!We love Bufad. Delicious creative pizza and great service. Wish we could visit more often. The summer corn pizza is worth even a long drive.Amazing gourmet pizzas! Today my partner and I shared a arugula and prosciutto salad with goat cheese and a calamari and shrimp pizza. Sounds crazy but it tasted great!I've been to Prohibition Taproom and Cafe Lift so I had high hopes for Bufad (all owned by the same company). 
Went for lunch and the service could've been a little quicker but we didn't really indicate we were on a time limit so I don't blame them. 
We got the Cafe Lift Style Margherita Pizza and a special of the day - roasted brussel sprouts with ricotta. Everything was delicious and the perfect portion for two people! 
I didn't know they sold slices and wish I worked closer so I could grab a slice for lunch some days - they look delish.Thissssss pizza. GIRL!!!!,The mushroom pizza is soooo delicious. Shaun has the best beard in america! Come here. Pizza crack.We went here as a family for the first time on a sunday night and had a wonderful experience! 
It was buy one get one free pizza night, so we got a salad and 4 pizzas between the 3 of us and ended up taking a whole pie home leftover!
The service was excellent, ambiance was comfortable, and food was delish. 
We will be adding this spot to our favorites list! (Better than pizzeria vetri in my opinion)Its really Good pizza, I loved their bread. Wish they had a flavor with nuts in it.
Went there on a Friday night and didn't need a reservation :) 
Really good outdoor seating with headlamps for the chilly nights.Ain't no better way to end the year 2016 than to eat my favorite food (pizza) with my favorite person (Bae). 
Bufad is located on the corner of 13th & Spring Garden. Don't let the sketchy area fool ya, this place is legit. It's a small BYOB restaurant, with only about 5-6 tables & some high table top seating.
For appetizers, we ordered the Burrata, which was pretty bomb. It consists of roasted brussels sprouts, pine nuts, raisins, & crispy pancetta topped with a creamy stracciatella & mozzarella cheese. SO GOOD. Definitely a must-try for a starter. We also ordered one of their specials: Shrimp Risotto Fritters with goat cheese & tomato dipping sauce. It's light in flavor & tastes similar to crab cakes. Surprisingly, I really enjoyed the dipping sauce & I don't even like goat cheese (not a fan of gamey/robust taste). 
Now, let's move on to Bae, I mean Pizza. We had the Mushroom & Winter Sausage Pizza. The Mushroom pizza was our favorite. The mushroom taste was more prominent & flavorful than any other mushroom pizzas we've ever had. If you like mushrooms, order this. You won't be disappointed. The Winter Sausage Pizza was alright. The housemade chili oil we added on to the pizza made it more tasty to eat. Remember that goat cheese & tomato dipping sauce from earlier? Well, our waiter suggested we keep it as a dipping sauce for our pizza crust & guess what? It was the best idea ever. It was dip-licking good! Hey now, get your mind out of the gutter (LOL).
Overall, the quality of service & food are supreme. I'll definitely be back soon.Tried this place out the other night with girlfriend, and is a nice little quick-dining spot.  As others have mentioned, it's got potential, but perhaps after it has been established for a bit.
Service - In our hour of dining, we were serviced by three different people; our first waitress took a long time to explain specials that we couldn''t really hear through the general high noise level and her very quiet speaking.  We proceeded to attempt navigating the menu (I'm admitedly not an italian speaker, and it was a little rough).  After about 15 minutes, we just flagged another server and asked for something we each thought we might like.  This guy was actually extremely helpful in relating what it was we were actually ordering, and did so with a smile and some wit.  When we got our check, it was from a third girl, who was also encouragingly cheerful and thanked us (i kid you not) about 3 times for coming in and eating with the utmost sincerety in her tone of voice.  So in all, I think they've got a good staff in the works.
Food - I've only attempted about 3 of their specialty pies so far, and while none were anything approaching my standard taste for Dough-Sauce-Cheese plain pie, they were actually fairly good and fresh ingredients.  The only one I'd actually consider getting again is something like a butternut squash pie, which I describe as a "Pizzampkin Pie".  If you're into wild tasting pizza ingredient combos (or just a vegetarian looking for something new), I think this is worth giving a taste.  Prices are moderate; I'd say average for a trendy pizza place in the city.
Atmosphere -  Very trendy.  A fun place to be with fun lighting and forcefully social seating (i.e. two of us were sat at something of a table-for-four with another couple; we didn't interact with them... but I could see it happening).  I don't count that against them, as this is not a place you're likely to go for an intimate evening anyway.  Noise level was quite loud at the times I've been (not quite crowded bar level, but certainly more than most pizza joints I've been in).
In the end, I'd say worth a stop in if you're looking for something trendy and adventurous, but not really a "Friday night netflix" pizza joint.Great Pizza just like you would find in a Pizzeria in the streets of Italy.
I had the Millefoglie dessert and i did not like it at all.
I am sure they have way better desserts and I will try them all !!!Came with miss Nazee and this was probably my favorite pizza I have found in Philly. I'm quick to judge Philly for having blah pizza, so I was so pleasantly surprised to have the fresh flavors this place had to offer. 
I got a lamb sausage and pistachio pizza which was super tasty and Nazee's brussell sprout pizza was spot on fantastic. I don't know whose not giving this place 5 stars but they're silly. You can't underestimate a fresh brick oven pizza in a quaint, but adorable environment that's byo and innovative as hell with their pizzas. 
Our server was a tad on the grumpy side but we came on a rainy Tuesday so I'll let it slide for such great pizza.This place was exactly what i was looking for when it comes to a premium pizza place.  
1. Unique oven
2. Awesome Service
3 Great product
4. Basil Gelato was so good
5. Accommodating
Great place - keep up the good workI've been waiting a long time for a great pizza place in my part of Philly.  The people at Bufad, from the owner to the pizza chief, know what they're doing.  Two pizzas for two people is a lot of food (I guess that explains the name).  One pizza and two appetizers will do the job.  So far everything I've tried has been outstanding.What a great first experience. Excellent quality pizza. Will be ordering here again in the near future.Love their pizzas!  John is the sweetest server ever!  Haven't had anything that was not good!Ooohhh, pleasantly surprised by Bufad and the affordable, fresh and unique offerings that we tried. Two of us had an appetizer, a pizza and two desserts for around $30, plus we brought our own bottle of vino. Not bad at all!
We tried the mortadella pizza, which was both smokey and sweet at the same time, with some peppery arugula on top. The only drawback was a slight burnt flavor that lingered not only from the pizza, but from the aroma in the entire restaurant. I think they will argue that is just "how they make pizza", but I definitely would rather have zero burnt flavor if given the option!Rolled into Bufad at 11 am on a Saturday right when they opened and it was pretty deserted. I kind of like it that way because it's peaceful and I like beating the crowds. 
Everyone was very nice and helpful with the menu, we started off with the arugula salad and the burrata salad. Both were excellent, the burrata paired with the roasted vegetables was on point and they complimented each other nicely. The arugula salad was really nice and you might think at first that there's tomato on it but it's actually watermelon which goes to perfect with goat cheese and pistachios that I don't want it any other way now. 
For pizza we went with the margherita pizza and the special white pizza they had with came with housemade fennel sausage that had a good bit of red pepper in it, I also added a fried egg to it. The pizza was legit, this place is SPQR certified so you know that they take their pizza seriously. If I am comparing this pizza to Pizzeria Vetri's which we love as well, I think Bufad wins. The chewiness is amazing and the pizza itself holds up well against the toppings. 
I did try dessert, the cinnamon panna cotta with peaches, very good. We will be back here soon, excellent pizza and close to Prohibition Taproom and Cafe Lift.Friendly staff and great food priced reasonably. Potato and egg pizza & salted caramel gelato drenched in an espresso shot are almost too good to be true. BYO or buy from the bar next door. I will be frequenting Bufad on a regular basis for sure. A welcome and needed addition to the neighborhood.Had a wonderful dinner with my girlfriend - service was very good despite having the power turned off because of some work being done outside.
We got the marinara with clams pizza and the mushroom pizza - both were fantastic.  The dough was soft and tasty and perfectly cooked.  They didn't skimp on the toppings for either pizza and unlike many places it was not too salty.  For an appetizer we got the clams in a ragout sauce - spicy but not too overwhelming.
To top it off they are a BYOB so we took advantage of that and had some wine and a couple of beers.Bufad is perfect for grabbing a super high quality pizza. Go on Sunday, half of the pizzas are buy one get one free, so you end up with 2 pizzas for around $15. Also, it's BYO, so bring something to drink unless you're fine with tap water.Delicious! Fun, low key place. Good for groups!Great pizza place! Service was fast and gracious, and the food was delicious (I recommend the fennel and carrot pizza). The restaurant is a bit isolated, but there's a great bar down the street (cheap, good craft beer + really nice bartenders). The prices are great (we ordered 2 pizzas + an appetizer, and our total bill was $35).Getting my husband to enjoy pizza that is not your standard pizza shop fare is a challenge. We wandered in on a Friday evening and were able to sit at the bar like seats at the window. Be warned, this was a fluke and make a reservation. 
The menu is appealing from top to bottom. Knowing my husband, I agreed to get a margarita pizza with pepperoni, even though I am not a fan of this meat. Pizza comes a short time later. This pepperoni was like it was dropped down from the heavens and I could eat it everyday.  
The pizzas are about the size of a traditional dinner plate, so we ordered a second. I convinced my husband to get the white sausage with fennel, which is almost like 76 not having traffic during normal waking hours. For those of you who don't understand, it means it's a rare occurrence for my husband to agree to have green things on his pizza. 
White sausage pizza comes. Heaven opens up and allows me to enter. I say no because I need to come back to bufad for more pizza.
My only complaint was one of the waitresses tried to clear our plates when we finished our first pizza. It was obvious they were trying to make space for the customers who had come in. I understand the business, but no, "how was it?" Or Segway questions leave for an awkward, "oh hey, I'm still hungry!" conversation.I really want to give this establishment at least 4 stars because the food was really good. However, the service lacked. 
It's a pleasant, small BYO. Good food, but the rushed, disorganized service was a definite negative. We ordered baked figs with Gorgonzola cheese and flatbread, and an antipasto plate, and two Margherita pizzas (one with broccoli rabe). The figs were brought out quickly but not flatbread. I asked the server and she looked puzzled and asked the cook who said it was being "warmed up".  First error: don't serve parts of plates. Nonetheless, it was delicious. The antipasto plate was lovely; slices of pepperoni, a bean salad, pickled carrots, spicy olives, and bread with a yummy cheesy spread. Was just preparing to dig into this when the pizzas appeared! So now presented with the dilemma of what to eat first! I wanted my pizza fresh and hot so I ate that first, but really I should not have had to make that choice. The pizza was very good with a crispy thin crust and nice fresh cheese and broccoli rabe. 
When we had finished our pizza the bill was brought IMMEDIATELY. Nothing like, "would you like anything else?" etc. There are desserts on the menu, but that wasn't offered. Two minutes later the server came by and picked up the bill but we hadn't even put the credit card down yet. Then the person who appeared to be the manager came by and removed the condiments and water pitcher! I could understand if it was a busy night but there were several empty tables available. 
I don't know if I will return again. It wasn't cheap ($50 without any drinks) and I like to linger a bit after eating if it's not busy, so the rushing really turned me off. If you go I would recommend instructing the server to hold the pizza until after the appetizers.Went for brunch this morning and it was amazing. The staff was very friendly and attentive. My friend and I split the stuffed French toast and the eggs Benedict both were awesome. The French toast was stuffed with a ricotta cream and bananas and the flavors worked well with each other. The pizza dough the used for the eggs Benedict was crispy and made it a unique flavor in a good way. I highly suggest going for brunch, I can't wait to go back for their pizza.Delicious and pretentious, at the very same time.
My boyfriend and I went here for a casual lunch date, and had an almost-perfect experience. Atmosphere has a very cozy/hipster vibe to it, with a lot of unfinished pieces adding character. Waitstaff was courteous, and food was absolutely delicious- We  had the trifori salad, fennel sausage pizza, and, my favorite part of the meal, a salted-caramel gelato.
My only negative during our experience was with our main course; as our pizza was presented white, I asked for a small side of red sauce to dip my pizza in. Our waiter returned to tell us that the Chef has refused to give him the sauce, stating that "the pizza is made to be eaten as-is". We were extremely taken aback by this- otherwise, we had a very pleasant experience.BRING BACK THE BURRATA....... I would give it 5.0 if they bring the Burrata app back.  The pizzas are really good and service is great but the burrata appetizer kept me coming back and now that it is off the menu for the spring/ summer, I will probably be finding another place for awhile.  The Burrata and a pizza was the perfect combo for my and my husband and the other apps don't do it for me.  The anti-pasta plate is ok - but nothing to write home about.  Our favorite pizza is the Escarole - it has salumi, ricotta and escarole and is delicious.SO good!  My friends and I came here Saturday night and had a great time.  The staff was fantastic and I'm looking forward to heading there again when I'm back in town.I met a friend at Bufad for lunch today (Saturday), and the place was surprisingly empty, perhaps because the hours are posted incorrectly on some local sites. In any case, we had attentive, but not annoying service, and were delighted with the food and ambience. The pizza oven, which crackles at around 900 degrees, is a marvel to behold; it churns out lovely pizzas with creamy, melted cheese and light but hefty crusts. We shared the day's antipasti (roasted beets, olives, hot peppers, pieces of frittata), a pizza with tasty homemade sausage, (also homemade) biscotti with pignoli, and espressos made with La Colombe coffee. We didn't try the slices, but their display on the counter certainly tempted us and we would have ordered more after our Neapolitan pie if we hadn't already been full. Bravo to Philly for its multiplying and ambitious pizzerias, and for restaurateurs committed to sustainability and buying local products!This place is fantastic.  I'm a real pizza snob, and the majority of offerings in Philadelphia don't cut it for me.  The roman slices here are delicious... love the marinara and spicy vegetable.  Yesterday I had my first Margherita and was really impressed with the fresh ingredients:  quality mozzarella, fresh marinara, and the added sausage that was so much tastier than what I've had at other pizzerias.  I have yet to try the appetizers and deserts (affogato is my target), but am really looking forward to it based on my experience with their great pizza.
By the way, the staff here is great... very friendly and helpful.  Welcome to Philadelphia, Bufad!This place is brilliant... we happened upon it while looking at condos and after several follow up visits, could not be more happy with the discovery. The menu is filled with unique toppings and their crust is amazing, striking a perfect balance between chewy, charred, and sweet. The corn pizza has become an unexpected favorite and is definitely worth considering for anyone visiting Bufad for the first time. 
Also, they have a special arrangement with the neighboring bar that allows you to get a growler for the price of the beer only.Came here around 2 or 3pm on a Friday. There were no other customers.
We already knew what we wanted because we looked at the menu ahead of time, but we still pretended to make a decision after the waitress gave us our menus. 
We had the heirloom tomato pie and the warm olives. IT SMELLED SO GOOD WHEN THEY WERE BAKING IT. Maybe it's because I was hungry but I think that was some of the best smelling pizza ever. The taste? It was very good. The middle is soft and will fall down if you don't hold it the right way,but the crust was outstanding. It didn't have large air pockets like I've experienced with other pies like this. It was thick, doughy, and delicious. 
The warm olives were good. They were kind of just olives with little squares of ricotta and orange peel. The orange peel was a nice touch, but I probably wouldn't get them again. 
The service was good. They didn't make it awkward by talking to us way too much since we were the only customers. They acted as if there were more people and came to our table a normal amount of times. 
I'll be back.I have to update my rave review with another.  We went for the Sunday dinner option which is an incredible deal of a 3 course meal for two - $35.00.  In addition to that we ordered the Pannochia pizza which was awesome- corn puree, shiitake mushrooms, truffle oil... it was slightly soggy in the center but still delicious.  
Our server brought out complimentary Grilled Octopus which we devoured and definitely will be ordering again.  Also the mascarpone panna cotta with melons and pistachios was a delightful dessert and not too heavy!i had a beautiful calamari small plate today and a fantastic salad with cherries in it ,,,very flavorful and well executed ,,,,,,,,,,,i will definately be back ,,,service was friendly and prompt also !Great venue to end the WMOF event in Philadelphia. Staff really hustles and the food is outstanding.
I wish I lived in the area and this would become my go-to place.
Try the pear tart for a great end to a wonderful meal.My boyfriend said this place was highly recommended on Reddit and, you know, the Internet never lies so we rolled with it and made reservations for lunch. Here are some important things I learned about Bufad:
1. The menu is limited to pizza, salads, and some specials for the day. This is not a bad thing!!! It allows for them to be really, REALLY good at what they do. All the pizzas were so fresh and so unique. 
2. The prices can't be beat. It was so reasonably priced. We paid ~$35 for a sausage pizza, a slice of another pizza, and antipasti for two. 
3. The service was AWESOME! Our waitress was attentive and helpful. Because we waited a little longer than expected for our pizza they comped us one of their desserts. It was such a good way to end that meal. Also she had the best make up, so I knew she would be awesome. 
4. If you miss your Open Table reservation you get blacklisted...or something 
It's definitely intimate and seating is limited but if you're in the area, go!Impromptu lunch with a friend.  We sat outside but the inside was quaint and chic, as well.  The menu was short but the service was good.  The pizza was a good size for personal eats or for shared snack.  I have to mention the homemade ice cream in some really great flavors - I tried the salted caramel and the chocolate banana.  I would definitely revisit!One if my favorite pizza restaurant here in Philadelphia! They use wood instead of electric oven! Taste so delicious!! Definitely, will be back here! Keep it up guys!Great pizza and the appetizers were a pleasant surprise as well.  Staff we very friendly.  Definitely a few logistical hitches with service but they've only been open a few days so I'm sure they will work themselves out.  Will definitely return.Delicious gourmet pizza, and 2 for one Sundays make it amazing!  It's a small place, so Sunday is tricky to get in as the deal starts at 5, but the pizza is worth it.  Got the duck confit and the mushroom pizza.  Duck pizza was flavorful with fennel and bits of duck all about and the mushroom had several different types of tasty mushrooms perfectly seasoned atop it.  Due to the heavy toppings, the crust was softer and didn't hold up as well, but the flavors overshadowed this. Would def go back.Trendy artisan pizza with unique ingredients. We ordered the margherita and the sausage pizzas. The crust was fluffy and crispy with a higher topping to crust and sauce ratio. The sausage pizza had a pleasant combination of unique veggies on it. Trendy, bar-like ambiance with music in the background. Good service, food came quickly.The pizza is really good here, though overpriced for the size.  Waitstaff act like they're are doing you a favor to bring your foodShowed up on Saturday night with a party of 7 and several bags of alcohol at 8pm. Bufad doesn't take reservations, and they told us it would be an hour wait. Not a problem! We shuffled over to Prohibition Taproom for a drink. Came back an hour later and waited some more...darling hostess Nicole brought us wine glasses and beers from the back room where they were holding our booze, and we drank away the next HOUR on the corner of 13th and Spring Garden. Whiffs of sewage were constant. Such a shame. Glad we didn't get seated outside (but if you have a party larger than 6, you most likely will be).
We sat down inside and ordered 6 pizzas and 2 orders of mussels. Sadly they were out of mussels, and offered us two small plates on the house. We chose the burrata and caprese salad. The burrata is a must. Doesn't this just make your mouth water? "Creamy mozzarella served with summer squash, garlic, mint, and anchovies. Finished with Clara's pangrattato and chili oil." Gawd.
Margherita- standard, classic. 
Peperonata- the pepperoni had an especially gamey/meaty taste. I was not a fan. 
Rapini- not a sausage eater, but others raved about the crumbled spicy bits. 
Zucchini- best pizza of the evening. A+
Melanzane- not as flavorful as you might expect, sadly. 
Pannocchia- super unique with corn, shiitakes, scallions and truffles. 
Desserts were shared- a Saffron rice pudding that half the table loved and the other half despised ("Tastes like a hospital!") and a layered nectarine/berry gelato which was pretty good. They stuck a really fun and fancy rainbow candle in the gelato for me, and my friends sang. We were pretty inebriated at this point, and I put the candle in my purse because I thought it was so pretty. The next morning I realized I probably shouldn't have done that (there were several burning hours left on this fancy candle. My apologies, Nicole).
Overall I enjoyed my experience at Bufad very much, and will definitely return for BOGO (!!) Sundays.Saw this place driving around and decided to stop by. Really good pizza. The dough was light yet crunchy. Will definitely be back.Yum - delicious food and great service!
I'm not much of a "pizza person" per say, so I generally prefer to avoid writing reviews for pizza places, but I had a wonderful memorable experience at Bufad! I came for a friend's birthday dinner, and due to late reservations and a large party (twenty some of us), we were told that they were only available to seat us outdoors at 9pm. Since it was dark, they set up giant outdoor heating lamps for us and it actually created a really fun open-air atmosphere! 
Pizzas are excellent sharing food for large parties, since you can try several different types, and my favorite of the night was the rabbit ragu! The servers were super attentive and friendly, especially given the fact that they had to keep going inside and out. They also split the check into smaller groupings to make it easier for calculating. And finally, thanks to the fact that it's a BYO, we enjoyed some great wine pairings with our food in a happily cost effective manner!Not only is Bufad's pizza a welcome addition to a neighborhood severely lacking in anything above mediocre pizza, but the staff and service are exceptional. Whatever dickhead gave them one star on grubhub is a total prick.Granted this pizza was eaten after a long day of moving, but after a long day of moving, there really isn't anything else I want but pizza. Come to think of it, pizza is good after a long day of anything... or a short day for that matter! Anyways, we picked out a couple pies online (I was ecstatic that there is a pizza with a fried egg on it!!), called them in, and did take-out. I have only driven by the place before, but they get extra props in my book for style. The tattooed strong man logo on the door and pizza boxes was seriously adorable and the light fixtures inside were awesome. Then, the 'za was delicious too! The best pie was the zucchini - yum! I can't wait to come back and dine in for their Sunday BOGO deal since we live in the neighborhood now!We stopped at bufad today after running some errands in town. Been by a thousand times and today was the day we stopped. We arrived around 12:30 and it was dead!
We ordered the burrata to start. We're a big fan of Brussel sprouts. This was a fantastic dish! The fresh mozzarella in the dish was some of the best we've ever had! We couldn't decide what pizza to go with so we ordered two. First was the margarita, fresh tomatoes and mozzarella. Wow! The pizza was amazing! We also went with the wild mushroom pizza. While this pizza wasn't as good, it was more complex. The mushrooms were a big overcooked and rubbery. The truffle oil is a very strong oil. Overall it was a good pie but, not one I would order again. Normally we wouldn't do dessert with lunch but we couldn't resist. We went with the banana bread pudding with homemade ice cream and cherries. When it first came out we didn't think it would be good. It looked dry and boring. Boy we're we wrong, it was some of the best I've ever had. The cherries were the perfect compliment to the dish.
We had a great first time there. I would go back just for the margarita pizza. Solid 4 stars