I FINALLY got to Buttercream today!
I was a bit skeptical due to a bad experience at another local cupcake joint, but Buttercream sis NOT disappoint!  And come on, who DOESN'T like buying from a food truck?!
Very moist, very delicious.  The frosting actually had flavor, though the consistency was a bit lighter than I typically like.  Got the Banana cake w Nutella frosting and the Red Velvet w/ Cream Cheese frosting and can't wait to try the others.
Only wish she'd have stops at Love Park or closer to Old City on weekends!It's not terrible, but it's not great. When compared to Sweetbox, these cupcakes are less expensive (yay), less moist (boo), and not as exciting flavors. I'll certainly eat one when I'm craving a cupcake, but I always end up thinking afterwards that I probably could have done without it. Still, gotta love a cupcake truck being a 2 minute walk from work.Finally found the cupcake truck.  It's been a long time coming.  I had high hopes, but the experience was mildly disappointing.  The cupcakes looked nice (though I would have preferred the frosting to cover more of the cap of the cupcake).  I got the Vanilla/Chocolate and the Red Velvet/Cream Cheese.  Both were cold and sort of dense (I expect they had just been taken out of the fridge).  Understandable... but I think the experience suffered for the lack of heat.  Next time I will microwave for a few seconds before digging in.  
The vanilla cake was quite dense indeed, but the frosting was good and fudgy.  There was a good proportion of cake to frosting.  
The Red Velvet was disappointing mostly because of the lack of Red.  There wasn't even a hint:  it was really just chocolate.  The frosting was good, but not quite as cream cheesy as I like on Red Velvet.  I definitely did not like the chocolate chips on top.  As far as I'm concerned, chocolate chips have no place on a cupcake.  They're like the pits in a cherry.
Three stars this time, but I would predict a possible increase of one or more stars depending on how the microwaving goes after my next visit.  
By the way, Temple students, keep an eye out:  when Buttercream visits campus, it's $1 cupcakes with your student ID!  What a deal!The best way to sum up my second visit to the cupcake truck would be "confused".  
This time, I ordered the Bailey Stout and the chocolate peanut butter.  
I'm pretty certain she gave me a pumpkin cupcake instead of the Bailey Stout.  If not, it was the most pumpkiny non-pumpkin cupcake I've ever tasted.  I don't really like pumpkin, so I didn't enjoy it too much.  The frosting on the pumpkin was supposed to be cream cheese frosting, but this didn't taste like cream cheese frosting... in fact, it had a certain beer-like taste to it.  The entire thing left me wondering which cupcake I had actually been given.
The peanut butter frosting on the second cupcake was absolutely excellent:  rich and creamy and smooth, with the exact correct amount of peanut butter.  However, the "chocolate" cupcake was actually some sort of half-chocolate hybrid with a vanilla cake bottom and center.  This is particularly odd as there was also a vanilla peanut butter cupcake on the menu.  I'm not exactly sure what was going on there.
Anyway, the quality of the cake was better than last time (less straight-out-of-the-freezer, I think), but the quantity of frosting was not sufficient.  It was more a dollop than a covering.  The frosting on the pumpkin/beer cupcake didn't even cover half of the top.  Not too my liking overall.  It has to be two stars this time.I have NO complaints so 5 stars!
My cupcake travels led me to the infamous cupcake truck. I'm getting married in the fall and wanted to do some additional research on Philadelphia cupcake eateries so I checked their website and twitter and found the cupcake truck pretty easily two blocks from my office (convenient, eh?). I rolled up at a little after 1 on a Wednesday and there were only two flavors left but no line - red velvet with cream cheese frosting and banana with nutella frosting (how can you say no to nutella?!)
I was able to grab 10 cupcakes - some for my staff, some for me and my fiance. They looked so adorable and so perfect - chocolate was shaved onto the red velvet and the banana has some adornment as well. I almost stopped and ate one en route back to my office but I persevered!
The red velvet was perfect! The icing was yummy very well done cream cheese icing. The cake was moist and succulent with great cocoa flavor. I say "home run" and if you can nail red velvet, you're 5 star in my book.
Alas, how could I not try one of the banana ones with nutella. My fiance isn't a big banana guy but I forced him to forge ahead and sample with me as well. The banana cake was PERFECT - moist and flavorful with random pieces of actual banana. The icing was really good, too - a bit on the sweet side when eaten alone but perfectly paired with the banana cake.
Well, done, Buttercream. Well done, indeed!
Best part? The cupcakes were only $2 each and came out of a truck. You can't beat it!
My only complaint is that they are at Penn every Wednesday and I might just become addicted!To be honest, I've had better.  Before this "cupcake craze" I worked in a pastry shop that sold actually decent sized treats topped completely with a generous swirl of frosting for a mere $2.  A smallish cake with a slovenly dollop of frosting over less than half the top is not nearly as impressive.
My prejudices aside, though the cakes are not particularly flavorful, I like the density.  I will say, keeping the cupcakes cold may be important, but the ganache on my vanilla with ganache was rock hard and sweating the way only a frosting you should definitely not be freezing can.  Through the torture it was still a hero, one of the few bold flavors available.  The cream cheese frosting on my bland pumpkin and red velvet was not quite cream cheesy enough for me, though I will concede I like my cream cheese frostings to taste like cream cheese with a tiny bit of sugar.
Overall,if I happen to walk by the truck with two extra dollars and there isn't a line, I might grab another ganache topped cupcake, but for the most part I'd rather save my cupcake budget for special trip to Brown Betty or something.I absolutely love Buttercream cupcakes (home of the ORIGINAL cupcake truck in Philly). The buttercream icing is so smooth and delicious, and the cake is nice and moist as well. 
In addition to buying individual cupcakes from the truck, I've also had two special order deliveries from them. They have always been on time and accurate with each one. 
Flavors that are particularly killer:
Banana cake with Nutella buttercream
Chocolate cake with peanut butter butterceam
Red velvet cake with cream cheese buttercreamI am really not so sure why I held off on visiting the cupcake truck for such a long time!  My former suitemate would constantly rave about it when it came to campus, but I never got around to giving it a shot until the end of the Fall 2010 semester, when a friend of mine, a Temple alum who had moved to California, was in town for the holidays and happened to be helping Kate sell cupcakes for the day while touting a $1 special with Student ID to celebrate the end of the semester.  That being said, I knew I couldn't pass that up, so I figured I would stop by the truck, visit, and try a cupcake.  I settled on the Red Velvet, and it was GOOD!  To find out where the truck stops, follow Kate on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/ButtercreamPHL.As far as cupcakes go, Buttercream Cupcake Truck slams it out of the park.  Not too sweet, no overly complicated flavours, and just the right ratio of frosting and cake.  The chocolate peanut butter cupcake I had was perfectly chocolatey and moist, and the peanut butter frosting had a great deal of flavour without being overly dramatic.  Reese's peanut butter cup, anyone?  Yum.
Students around UCity get the first non-fancy cupcake for $1, which is a sweet (pardon the pun) deal.  Sadly I'm not a student in that area, but she cheerfully let me use my SJU ID for the deal and made a joke about supporting her fellow Jesuits.  Thanks!
Rumour has it that she's planning on opening a permanent location soon... cross your fingers, folks!oh my goodness, when i heard about the cupcake truck, i was ecstatic and i was not dissapointed when i ordered a dozen, we got a bunch of flavors that were all fabulous! my fav is peanut butter chocolate.  the frosting is the best i have ever tasted, not gritty, just delicious!  the cake tastes like boxed cake mix, which i heart, so yeah, i think this is the perfect cupcake, no questions asked.The cupcakes I tried (banana and peanut butter vanilla) from Buttercup were decent. The icing was kind of thick and dense and very buttercreamy but nothing I'd rush back to get again...Yummy cupcakes and she is at Love Park weekly which works for me because I work right across the street! I'll go with co-workers or by myself and the experience is wonderful and mouth watering every time.Very poorly done cupcakes and frosting!  Obviously refridgerated and not fresh, cake was dense and frosting was literally a hard blob that could be picked off in one solid piece.  I didn't even finish.  Cheap grocery store cupcakes by the dozen (which I refuse to eat) taste better.  Don't waste your time or money!  If you really want a good cupcake there are many other places in Philly!I work in Center City and would see Kate, "The Cupcake Lady" truck at various spots around CC. then, I read about her legal troubles with L  & I. I am moving to University City in 3 weeks and have been hanging in my new neighborhood checking things out. There was a festival in Clark Park and there she was. We received a "free" cupcake since she was sold out in most flavors. Yum! I was sold. it was Red Velvet Cream. So, then, a friend of mine, who also works in Center City alerted me the "Cupcake Lady" is in Love Park every Wednesday. Yes, there's always a line, but, it is worth the quick wait :)  My advice: If you normally take a late lunch, you might want to head out earlier on Wednesdays so you can get your choice. Today, I went, and they  sold the last Chocolate and Peanut Butter Cream, so, I opted for the Pumpkin. Mmmmmmm. Very good. All the cupcakes are moist and delicious and melt in your mouth. 
Cupcakes are $2 for 1 and $10 for 6. Imagine, your office will be envious or happy, if you choose to share.Found the Cup Cake Truck today at Love Park, Taste like the baker is a chain smoker.Fantastic cupcakes! The girls in the truck are extremely friendly, and I love being able to get a cupcake in Love Park!When did cupcakes get so expensive? I need to start a cupcake savings fund. At least I won't be splurging at Buttercream with their reasonable pricing. 
For $2, you can get any standard flavor which goes beyond just vanilla or chocolate. Red velvet, banana cake with nutella, chocolate cake with peanut butter buttercream are just some of the choices on this menu. For a dollar extra, you can get their seasonal cupcakes (which were pumpkin cream cheese and caramel apple when I was there).
Surprisingly I enjoyed the banana cake with nutella much more than the red velvet. At first glance, I thought I bought a chocolate cupcake and yes I know red velvet has a cocoa powder base; but it just wasn't red enough. I also found the frosting to be lacking that strong cream cheese flavor. But overall, it was a moist cupcake and I enjoyed it.
I will be re-purchasing in the future if it's ever around my neighborhood, but I probably won't be going out of my way just to get one.Got the 6 for $10 deal and split it with a few girlfriends.  The first thing I noticed is that not all of the cupcakes are created equal - some are smaller than others despite having the same price (e.g., the Yellow Cake with Chocolate Ganache and Banana Cake with Nutealla Ganache).  
Despite its smaller size the Banana Cake was good - a distinctive banana flavor without being too strong, but the Nutella could have had a stronger hazelnut flavor.  I also tried the Chocolate Cake with Peanut Butter - this one was not as good and was slightly drier.Thursdays are $1 standard cupcakes with a student ID (normally $2).  I thought, why not try one.  I like to bake so I don't normally like to pay for an overpriced cupcake.  But I was craving chocolate and was on my way back to work with a Pitruco Pizza.
I got the vanilla chocolate buttercream.  Vanilla buttercream, chocolate cupcake.  The chocolate cake was disappointingly dry and it fell apart against my fork.  The buttercream was crusty and not amazing.  
My coworker got the vanilla vanilla buttercream.  She barely touched the frosting and that's her favorite part!
I tried and conquered another food truck in UCity; a lesson learned.Yay for the cupcake lady! The cupcake truck is the BEST food truck in Philadelphia. Her variety is incredible, prices are great, and she's all over the place! I have literally tried every one of the cupcakes she offers and I have never been disappointed. Great cupcakes, friendly lady (and employees) and great availability. If you see the sprinkled truck, go to it!Buttercream and all it's fatty goodness saved me from the dreariness of 5 hours of conference on a Wed afternoon. As I walked out of the hospital in a daze i came upon a truck handing out those precious little confections known as cupcakes. Was I dreaming-a cupcake truck??
Apparently buttercream makes a run of local college campuses and Wed is West Philly day. Cupcakes are $2 each and there's a wide choice of flavors ranging from red velvet to vanilla and peanut butter. I opted for the lemon with strawberry frosting and could not have been more pleased. It was the perfect amount of frosting, not overwhelmingly sweet, and the cake was nice and moist. my friend seemed to enjoy his red velvet as he stuffed it into his mouth in 2 bites. Buttercream you have a new fan.I had to HUNT down the truck today - it moved from 34th and Walnut to 34th somewhere near Spruce and wasn't there the first time I passed by. I was DRIPPING sweat by the time I located the white truck with sprinkles but boy was it worth it! I had today a lemon cupcake with strawberry cream cheese icing. It was PERFECT. I  want more!!!!!!!! Yup! I am addicted.
See you next Wednesday cupcake truck! I am in LOVE!dissappointed
I am a huge cupcake-nista.  I had this chocolate oreo cupcake and it was dry and had a coffee taste.  Not a fan of coffee, that should be in the name if you add it.  My son had a chocolate chocolate and tore it up!  The red velvet was lackluster and that is my fav.  A while ago I had their peach cobbler and it was the best cupcake i ever tasted...wish there was some consistency.This truck brings happiness to my otherwise dreary work day. I'm a big fan of catching the truck when its parked at 20th and Appletree Streets. Usually I'm a Red Velvet fan but I really like her banana cake with Nutella buttercream.  Its amazing!  I also had the seasonal pumpkin cake with cream cheese frosting.  Another winner.  
I love that Buttercream has twitter.  I'm a follower and love being able to get location updates. The only thing is, you got to get to the truck early during the stops because things sell out and then she's gone!I had a Groupon that was about to expire so I came into CC from the burbs to use it. "Is it worth it?" I asked self: "Expending all this energy & time & gas for $2 worth of Groupon?" The answer was a resounding YES. I got white on white, my favorite. Ridiculously moist, dense cake. And I would say the perfect buttercream frosting. Not too sweet, definitely not greasy - you know how some buttercreams leave a layer of film on your palate? Not so here! My friend got Red Velvet and also pronounced it perfect. Also do not agree with another poster that $2 for this little bit of heaven is "so expensive." Yikes - what century are you living in? I wouldn't want to pay too much more, but $2 is just about right. Pair it with a good cup of coffee, and you'll be in paradise. How much did I like the cupcake truck? My first time posting on yelp, that's how much.If you need a cupcake fix, then this is the truck to come to.  I'm glad they have been around to LOVE Park.  However, I found my red velvet cupcake with awesome icing and much too dry.
I would be reluctant to return to Buttercream Cupcake Truck unless I could get the most fresh cupcake right out of the oven.  
Nice cupcakes, but nothing special for me.
$2.50 for "basic," $3.25 for "deluxe."Loved my Red Velvet Cupcake in Love Park. I totally hearted the cream cheese icing which, for a red velvet connoisseur like me, is saying a lot! I would follow this truck anywhere. :)Just went to check out the "grand opening" of the Buttercream Mobile Cupcake Bakery and was amazed at how long the line was!! Was tempted to leave but since I'd already walked so far from the office figured I'd stay and the longer I'd waited the shorter the menu was getting not due to them under-stocking, people were buying a boat load of them on top of an already long line. 
By the time I'd gotten to the front, there was Banana Cream Cheese and Vanilla Vanilla left. Worked fine for me because Banana Cream Cheese would have been my choice anyway. 
Scooped a little bit of the icing with my finger and oh my goodness, sooo good!! Then to my surprise the cupcake itself was equally as good. This IMO falls into the category of a cake in cupcake version but wasn't terribly dense in my opinion for those who wouldn't like that sort of cup cake, just very flavorful in a way a nice slice of cake is yet cupcakes don't always carry that same taste based on the maker. 
It was worth waiting in that crazy line and only regret is that I didn't buy more than one. Oh and they're $2.00 for a regular $4.00 for a jumbo. The $2.00 version is smaller than some of the competitors out there I believe but I'd still say worth the money. 
I'll have to try a few more flavors but thus far my favorite out of all of the cupcake places I've tried in Philly (naked chocolate, brown Betty, flying money etc.)Apparently buttercream is having some issues in west Philly as they have been MIA on Wednesdays. My skinny jeans thank you but my sweet tooth is going through serious withdrawal!!They've been on the move so check out the website for info on stops..I'm a really picky cupcake eater, so Buttercream gets an extra star from me for that reason. Otherwise I just found it to be, as Yelp says, "A-OK." That's all - a decent cupcake at a somewhat reasonable (considering how much Brown Betty cupcakes cost) price.
I was meeting the boyfriend in Love Park on a gorgeous day and saw Guapos Tacos - and that ridiculous line! Then I saw it: the cute truck with the sprinkles. I thought, "Great. I bet there's going to be an insane line at Buttercream too." But there wasn't! Hooray. 
I got the banana cupcake with nutella frosting. The frosting was very light and soft, which I was a little upset about. The nutella flavor was pretty faint. Banana cupcake was pretty good. Overall, not a terrible cupcake and one I'd probably buy again if given the chance. 
I like Buttercream because your cupcake doesn't consist of a teensy bit of cake and a gargantuan mound of icing. I hate that. I'm all about homemade cupcakes with just the right frosting-to-cake ratio and I find that most places these days would rather overwhelm your senses with sugary frosting than get the cominbation right. Buttercream beats other cupcake places for this reason.i love a fresh cupcake with just the right amount of sweetness and that's what i found with each bite of these cupcakes. the banana w/nutella has to be one of my top 5 favorite cupcakes; the s'mores and chocolate peanut butter were tasty as well. the perfect amount of cake to frosting.Today I hunted down the Cupcake truck on Walnut between 36th and 38th. We ordered 6 for $10. Sadly, the one I have been wanted to try - plain old vanilla with chocolate ganache was out already. So, I got chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream. I have to say - it was lack-luster. The cake was SO dry and dense that it crumbled as I bit into it (and not in a good way). The vanilla buttercream's consistency wasn't that great either.
I'll be back for sure and will keep updating!Buttercream Cupcake Truck provided me with my first satisfying red velvet cupcake since I moved to Philadelphia.  The cake was light, flavorful, and moist.  The frosting had a great cream cheese kick and was not too sweet.  The only negative was that the frosting texture felt a little grossly oily and coated my mouth with a slippery film after eating it.  The cake portion of this treat definitely "took the cake."
My roommates had the chocolate cupcake with chocolate ganache frosting (she gave it 3.5 stars), and my other roommate had the yellow cake with vanilla buttercream frosting (she gave it a 4).  We all agreed that presentation could be a little bit better because, quoting my roommate, some of them looked like the were "made by 3rd graders."
Overall, I would give it 3.5 stars, but since it made me so happy to have a decent cupcake, I round up to a 4!The is the ONLY place for cupcakes.  I'm in greedy girl HEAVEN!!!  I found out about this truck during a Groupon promotion.  I'm so sad I've discovered these cupcakes...I crave them ALL the time.  She's the ORIGINAL cupcake truck in Philly - and I will have to admit - I've cheated on her...but there is NO comparison!!  NONE!!
Faves...Vanilla with Choc ganache, Lemon with Strawberry buttercreme, Strawberry with Lemon buttercreme.
I need her to get back on the road...I'm going through withdrawal.  Aargh!I heard of the cupcake truck on the news, something about an L&I vilation?  The story showed people, mostly women, lined up down the street in front of the truck.  I had to see what the fuss is about.  I don't get why suddenly  cupcakes have become a new food fad.  Isn't it the same as eating a slice of cake???  But, I thought these must be great since last week I went to the truck only to find out that the cupcakes were sold out.  I got a half dozen, figuring they had to taste good.  What a disappointment!
I got to my office and ate a chocolate cupcake with chocolate ganache.  The cupcake was very dry and didn't have much flavor.  The ganache was rich, but generally flavorless.  
I have five more in the box that I bought to take home. The other flavors that I bought, chocolate with chocolate buttercream, red velvet, and pumpkin, don't even look that appetizing.  The buttercream looks like the whipped cream frosting that the Acme uses.  And, it's just a dollop in the center, not even iced all the way!  I guess it's supposed to look cute, but I am not in the least bit impressed with the way they look, either.  I am considering handing them out to the homeless in the concourse on my way home.I got the Groupon for Buttercream and checked it out at LOVE Park today. I'd read the mixed reviews here and was optimistic. But... these cupcakes aren't very good. 
My office sampled chocolate with peanut butter frosting, vanilla with ganache and chocolate with strawberry frosting. In all cases, the cupcakes themselves were dense (not in a good way!) and dry. Zero stars (seriously, they were bad. Betty Crocker box cupcakes would be a big step up). I'm not sure if it was an off day or what. 
The frostings were pretty good, though. Unlike the previous commenter, I loved how light and fluffy they were. The peanut butter flavor managed to incorporate the taste of butter, cream and peanut butter and the strawberry frosting tasted light and fresh. The ganache was appealingly bitter but otherwise uninteresting.
The prices ARE good, compared with gourmet cupcakes... but these ain't gourmet, not by a long shot.My friend told me about this truck in the city that sells cupcakes ... if you can find it! Well it wasn't that hard but she made it sound like an adventure. Since red velvet is my favorite, I got one of those. It was perfect, fluffy with a very flavorful icing. My friend got a chocolate cuppycake, I forget what kind of icing was on it but she said it was so good. Now that I'm remembering that day, I feel like going on another adventure to find the Buttercream Truck! A+++++Banana cake with Nutella buttercream was AMAZING -- the nutella frosting was absolutely delicious and perfect. The chocolate cake with chocolate ganache was great too, but in fact, although I'm a HUGE chocolate lover, I actually like the banana cake better (because of the nutella frosting!). I also tried the red velvet cake, but the buttercream frosting was too sweet and given in a too-large serving size. 
HOWEVER, like what other Yelpers said, the cupcakes aren't fresh. The taste and texture are like a day old. They're kinda dry, but the frosting helped (it was probably a strategy by the truck people to cover up the old cupcakes with rich frostings lol). The cupcakes are great but probably not worth the $3.25 prices. For that kind of price, the cupcakes should have definitely been served fresh and warm... I got the cupcakes for free at a school event though, so prices weren't a problem for me.I truly love this cupcake truck! The cupcakes are delicious and very reasonably priced. Additionally, the cupcake lady is just super nice and lovely. I recommend following her on twitter so you know where she is at and you can get your cupcake! The banana nutella is marvelous.Completely charming. I went to check out the opening at Love Park today (sounds like they'll be there every Friday, too!) and fell instantly in like with the sprinkled truck. The line moved snail slow, but the cupcake was worth it: a thick smoosh of chocolate ganache on top of a spongey cupcake. Rather than the dense poundcake base of Brown Betty's cupcakes, which have their own place in my cupcake heart, it was light and moist with a pleasant squish. 
It was also nice that the cupcakes came in two sizes, $2 regular and $4 jumbo. That way, I can indulge in a cupcake without really having to commit. 
I just wish the line moved faster.
Also, I'm campaigning for a cupcake truck skylight!"So I told her th-...is that a cupcake truck?"
Finally the "fancy cupcake" craze is gaining some steam here in Philly! My friend and I were walking up 2nd st. when we saw this adorable looking truck heading in our direction. Our first thought was "lol is this for serious", until we flagged the driver down and he actually stopped for us. A dream come true for us foodie Lolitas.
We both got the pumpkin cupcakes, pretty reasonably priced at $2. The frosting was delicious, but the cake was a little bland and dry, not to mention cold, probably from being in the freezer (or whatever chilling system they have in there) all day.
Overall it was an amusing experience, but they need to work out some of the kinks in the "system".SOOO GOOD! Diets go bye-bye when the Buttercream Truck pulls up. These are the best cupcakes I've ever had. I'm a red velvet afficionado and these top the charts. I like the fact that the cupcakes are not those monsterous ones that are 1000 calories each (like at Starbucks), but nice-sized cupcakes for those with a sweet tooth. 
My faves: Red Velvet, Strawberry Buttercream, Nutella BananaOk, I don't understand all the 3 and 2 star reviews this truck gets.  
First of all, the simple fact that this is a truck that sells cupcakes pretty much guarantees that it's going to get at least 3 stars in my book.  
Second, the cupcake I had - Orange cake with chocolate ganache - was amazingly delicious.  It reminded me exactly of those chocolate orange things that you hit on the table and break into wedges like a real orange.  It was truly pleasant.  
Third, I'm in the simple cupcake camp.  I really hate it when you get a cupcake and it's covered in a mountain of super sugary buttercream frosting.  I always end up scraping off all of it because it's just too much.  The cupcake I had and a nice layer of chocolate ganache that worked with the cake instead of overpowering it.  
Fourth, it says a lot about a place when you go after they've only been open for about 1.5 hours  and they are almost out of supplies.  The woman told us that they started the day with 9 flavors and were down to only 2 by the time my friend and I got there.
Wednesdays at noon I have a date with the cupcake truck!I was so excited to try this $3.50 cupcake. I paid that price because it was supposedly a specialty (pumpkin spice) as opposed to the regular.  I WAS NOT impressed the cupcake was cold as ice an rock hard.  Not happy at all!!!Ran into the cupcake truck today  on Locust and couldn't resist trying these guys out. 
The little girl who was working the window was adorable and made the experience that much more playful.  I'm torn 50/50 with the two cupcakes I sampled:
Red velvet/cream cheese icing. Delish! I let this bad boy sit for awhile to make sure it was just right. The icing was soft and flavorful and complimented the moist red velvet cake perfectly.
I went to sample the peanut butter cupcake and did not have nearly the same experience. The icing was soft and had a decent pb  flavor- but the cake was horrible, completely dried out to the point that it crubled before I could even get it in my mouth. Was not impressed and ended up tossing the rest.
Gonna have to give 2 stars because for a $2.00 average size cupcake- the cupcake should not crumble in my hands. I'd go back and give the others a chance based on how good the red velvet though.This cupcake truck was a pleasant surprise!
I definitely did not expect my red velvet cupcake to be as moist or the frosting to be as creamy. Mmmmmm yummy in my tummy. 
Will be visiting again during my lunch break soon :PI love this new trend of roaming food trucks with gourmet foods and desserts. I love that this is happening in an age of advanced social media and networking so we can all track their locations via Twitter and Facebook. I love love LOVE that both those things helped me find the Buttercream Cupcake truck. 
This truck was always in the back of my mind but it wasn't until recently that I remembered that I obsessively check Twitter and have a massive love of cupcakes that hasn't been satisfied recently. Lucky for me, the day I decided to follow them was the day that I saw that they were going to be literally RIGHT IN FRONT of the building I spend most of my time in at school. I was the happiest bumble bee in the flower patch when I saw that, let me tell you. The cupcakes themselves are pretty darn tasty. They are moist, a fair size, reasonably priced, and pretty darn delicious. I tried:
1. Pumpkin pecan with cream cheese icing - DELICIOUS. My favorite one, seriously. There were pecans both in the cupcake and sprinkled on top of the icing. The icing itself was really light and sweet, although I kind of liked it more after I had refrigerated it because it got thick and dense. You can't go wrong with the pumpkin cupcake.
2. Red velvet with cream cheese icing - Come on, who doesn't love a red velvet cupcake? It was realllly good, but I have had better. I feel like red velvet cupcakes are such a staple at this point that it takes a lot to wow me, but they were delicious and I would get them again. 
3. Banana with Nutella icing - I wanted this to be the most amazing thing in the world, but it wasn't. The cupcake itself was AWESOME - you actually got to taste the chucks of banana in the cupcake. The icing, though? Not so much. It doesn't taste like Nutella at all - only pure sugar. It definitely distracted my attention away from the cupcake as a whole because it was almost too sweet. I'm avoiding this one from now on. 
Prices are reasonable, like I said. It's $2 a cupcake, but if she's on a college campus and you show your student ID then your first one is a dollar. SCORE. 
I can't wait to follow her around Philly and become that creepy girl who stalks the cupcake truck and eventually gains a bajillion pounds from eating cupcakes every day.I've been to the truck twice.  Buttercream nails the icing: the ganache is too die for - rich, deep chocolate - and the cream cheese was smooth and cream-cheesy good.  The cake is very moist, but as a couple other reviewers have mentioned, the flavors are not very strong.  The chocolate cake really would benefit from additional cocoa/chocolate flavor (the same for the red velvet, since it's a chocolate cake).  My friends have also given rave reviews to the peanut butter frosting.
They've smoothed out some of the kinks from the first Love Park visit (which was a very long wait) and now have appropriate containers.  The prices seem pretty much in line with other desserts in the city, though I think the small cupcake could be a little larger.  It is closer to a mini than to a regular one you might bake at home using a standard cupcake tin.  The large are, thankfully, large. 
Overall, the second visit pushed this review to 4-stars.  If I had written it after the opening at Love Park, I would have had to start at 3.  I'll be visiting again and will revise this review if needed.I've been to the cupcake truck four times - two of the cupcakes were among the best I've ever had and two were just okay.  I've heard (and my experience confirms) that the Red Velvet are consistently delicious.  I've found the chocolate and vanilla variations underwhelming - both were pretty dry.
Why the four star review then?  The seasonal pumpkin cupcake is the best cupcake I've ever had!  Both the cake and frosting are so light and perfectly flavored.  I was expecting it to taste like pumpkin bread in cupcake form, but the flavor was very unique and the consistency was much lighter than regular pumpkin bread.  The pecans and bat sprinkles on top were a much appreciated final touch!I showed up at Love Park today at noon expecting to have my heart captured by the cupcake truck.  True love did not ensue.  We'll remain friends, but we're free to see other people. 
The line up:
- Marble cake with chocolate ganache
- Red velvet cake with vanilla icing
- Chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting
The good:  The icing is incredible.  The ganache tasted like straight bitter sweet chocolate and cream.  The peanut butter frosting rivaled Naked Chocolate's.  And the vanilla?  Creamy, fluffy, sweet, and milky perfection.  If someone gave me a bucket of it and  a spoon, I would eat a regrettable amount.
The not so good:  The flavors of the cakes were not very strong.  So not strong that I couldn't taste the difference between the vanilla parts of the marble cake and the straight up chocolate cake.  The red velvet cake tasted a tad over cooked.  The top had dried out and crunched a little, like it had been left in the oven for 2 minutes too long.  If I'm paying for a cupcake, I want it to be perfect, or at least better than my little sister (I mean the one who doesn't cook, of course; the other one's great with an oven) can do in the kitchen.
The bad:   We got there at noon.  We had cupcakes in our hands at 12:22.  They're already made.  All that's happening is they are being put in a container and money is being exchanged.  There is no reason to wait 22 minutes for a decent cupcake.
Our relationship is far from over.  I'll keep Buttercream in my little black cupcake book.  The website leads me to believe they have a flavor of the week.  I'll stop by for a particularly enticing one, or perhaps if the line is not long I'll mosey on over to see what it has to offer.  But Buttercream is not going into my regular rotation.Ordered a mixed dozen in advance that was promised to be a mix of the flavors they had, as specified in email confirmation.  Instead I ended up with 8 chocolate with ganache dark chocolate frosting(very thick and heavy) or peanut butter frosting.  You could consider it 10 chocolate cupcakes if you count the 2 red velvets.  Not one vanilla, vanilla or vanilla with chocolate frosting, not one pumpkin with cream cheese frosting. The person I intended to split them with hates chocolate cake.  I guess I expected an even distribution since I ordered in advance.   They won't let you choose the flavors unless you order a dozen of one flavor.  They say they are getting rid of the mixed dozen.  I guess you will have to wait in line then to choose what you like, but its not really worth the wait.  The price is good for $2 a cupcake and chocolate cake is good, but I like to get a variety.A cupcake is a cupcake. But sometimes, when the stars are aligned and the tide is just right, you get the inexplicable urge to spend an obscene price for a highly-hyped cupcake, particularly when it is coming out of a truck parked so close to work you could get there in a standing broad jump. I followed this truck on Twitter and saw that it was going to be at Love park on Tuesday and Wednesday. So, come Tuesday, I got myself out there, ready to get my sweet on...only to find a different truck there instead. Yes, the schedule was false on the website, and I was one of the dummies who were duped by it. Come Wednesday, I figure it's still worth a shot, so I get there about 15 minutes after opening time...only to find the window closed and no orders being taken. I could see the lady moving around inside, so I figured I'd wait. And wait. And wait. Then I realized I was technically supposed to be working, so I gave up. I have since learned that if I had waited a little longer, she *may* have rewarded me with a complimentary cupcake, but really, I don't have that kind of time on my hands. I went back one last time on my way to lunch, and finally!!...got a pretty unremarkable cupcake.
A friend and I went halfzies on a banana nutella and a Bailey's stout. While very cute to look at, the frosting was hard, like it had been sitting there for a while (probably true) and the sugary sprinkles gave it a store-bought quality. Typically, anything in the world containing either nutella or Bailey's makes my proverbial gastro-panties moist, but these didn't quite do it for me. A bit too sweet, a bit too dry, a bit too much to fork over. I think my lesson has been learned - like helping a stranger move a couch, if you're going to buy a cupcake, it's probably not the best idea to do it in a truck.they're merely okay. the best part is really the truck, and the niftiness seeing it engenders.Kate is really talented, her cupcakes are one of a kind, really delicious. Super friendly service as well. Highly recommended..The OG cup cake truck in Philly! It has been a while since I have had one, since the truck has not made its way to University City in a while, but my past experiences have all been great. One thing to note is that they only last about a day or two- then they dry out. This bums me out, and sometimes the vanilla are slightly dry to begin with. The red velvet has always been super moist though!
Also, purchased 2 dozen of these for my boyfriend on our anniversary. They were so helpful and I heard that the surprise delivery went smoothly. Great bakery to do business with!Kate's cupcakes are absolutely delicious! The peanut butter frosting is amazing! The red velvet was realllllly good too. The cake is moist and the icing isn't overly sweet. And Kate is an amazing person too! She donated 100 cupcakes to a dinner I organized for the Ronald McDonald House. Highly recommend!!I tried the vanilla vanilla, red velvet, and the lemon cupcake with strawberry cream cheese frosting.  My favorite was the lemon with strawberry cream cheese frosting.  It was moist and delicious.  The vanilla cupcake with vanilla frosting was also good.  The red velvet had good flavor, but was a bit dry.  Overall, good cupcakes that make a good treat every once in a while.  And finally, it's nice that her truck is where she says it's going to be, unlike the other cupcake truck.I'm pretty happy with Buttercream. My friend Elizabeth called upon them last year when we had a big charity event at the North Star Bar, Kate happily showed up with an assistant and was on the scene with delicious treats until fairly late in the evening.
This is the original cupcake truck, accept no imitations.
More recently, Elizabeth made a purchase for her husband's birthday party and I was absolutely delighted by the delicious chocolate & peanut butter cupcakes. For the record: I don't even have a sweet tooth.
I have the habit of getting involved in some large-scale events and if the need for some mobile desserts comes up, I'll look to Buttercream before anywhere else.
For the record, these folks are worth hunting down where ever they happen to be in the city via their Twitter account.So, I went to LOVE park and picked up a Turtle cupcake for lunch. Now don't get me wrong, it tasted good. I've definitely had worse cupcakes, but...it was $3.00. 
Baking is one of my hobbies, so this weekend, as a challenge, I recreated the Turtle cupcake...it cost me $0.51/cupcake. Mind you, I don't buy in wholesale/bulk, so I imagine it costs her even less.So I won't be working in the city for much longer, and the Buttercream Cupcake Truck was one of the places on my Philly "bucket list" - one of the places I HAD to try before my days in the city were much more limited. So, I guess that says enough in itself of the reputation this truck has earned.
It's usually always at a very accessible location, the flavors seem very varied and unique (as well as the normal ones for you Plain Janes out there!) and the prices, for gourmet cupcakes aren't too bad. I got two and paid $5 for the two.
I wouldn't go here every day (well, if I looked like a stick and could stand to put on a few pounds, maybe.. but I'm not that fortunate), but it's definitely good for an end-of-the-week treat.
I went for the cookies and cream cupcake and the banana cupcake with nutella icing. The cookies and cream icing was fantastic. I'd eat a vat of that. The cake with that cupcake, though, was a little too dense for my liking. It was like that milk commercial, I was trying to say Aaron Burr but I just couldn't get it out!
I worried that the other cupcake would yield the same feeling, mouth helplessness with the need for a beverage. Thankfully, it was a banana bread cupcake. Why hasn't this appeared in my life sooner? I think I'd have my wedding cake feature this cake (if only I had a say in that!)
If you haven't tried this truck out, what are you waiting for? It's got some delicious flavor options, the only problem I had was the dense chocolate cake, but some people tend to prefer that.Nutella buttercream frosting. 
It changed my life.
50% of my brain activity is taken up by how/when I can get my next fix.Cute truck. Friendly service. Cupcake is... meh. It's not horrible, but it's not great either.
I had the Chocolate cupcake with Chocolate Ganache. The cake was too dry, and the frosting was too bitter for my taste.
I would probably fork over an extra buck and get my cupcake fix at Philly Cupcake.What else can I say about Kate and her amazing cupcakes.  Not only are the cupcakes amazing, she keeps coming up with new flavors like the choclate covered strawberry.  A take on her previous lemon cake with strawberry buttercream and half a strawberry on top YUM! YUM! YUM!
My only complaint would be her seasonal cupcakes.  I want those pumpkin cupcakes all the time!  Other than that I love her cupcakes.  Anytime I order them for a party every one raves how good they are.
The cakes are so good, and the icing to cake ratio is perfect.
The most amazing thing about Kate has been how she has helped make Love Park what it is today.  A place where people want to be.  Trying the other savory food trucks and finishing it off with a amazing cupcake for desert.
And now her cupcake truck is in LOVE PARK three days a week (Wednesday, Thursday and Friday).  YAY!  I work close to there so this makes me happy.Nothing more i can say about the cupcake truck! Kates cakes are the best! Moist cake and creamy creamy goodness! my fav is the Oreo ones. Ill def be back any time i see that colorful truck come around!  Also, she is easy to find if you use twitter, makes it easy for your sweet fix.I was lucky enough to catch the cupcake truck today at 18th and Vine.  I don't know how many varieties they started out with, but by 1pm they only had four different cupcakes. Because vanilla with chocolate icing was not available I was "forced" to try banana with Nutella icing. The cupcake was awesome. The banana cake was very moist and not at all like the banana bread flavor I was expecting. Instead, the cake was reminiscent of a perfectly ripe banana. I would definitely get banana/Nutella again rather than try vanilla/chocolate. I went with a friend from work and her chocolate/peanut butter was apparently not as good. I didn't try her cupcake, but she said it was very dry and crumbly and not the best she has ever had. So for $2 I don't know if I would gamble on the chocolate (there are a few reviews on yelp that confirm the crumbly dryness). The cupcakes are small so you don't feel like you are over indulging. In fact, I had a large salad, two tacos, and the cupcake and I still don't feel full. 
Overall, the cupcakes are definitely worth a trip. I wish they were cheaper though...at $2 it's not like you are getting an amazing deal and I still wanted another one when I was finished.buttercream is going to turn me into a fatty if it comes around West Philly more than once a week. Tried the Red Velvet with Vanilla buttercream and Lemon with Nutella buttercream- both were delic!!!!Tastes store bought, avoid. There are better places in the city.As the original cupcake truck in Philly, Kate and her crew are delightful.  I've purchased many of their flavors off the street and have been impressed with every one. I asked them to show up at a charity event I helped organize last year at North Star Bar & they showed up with plenty of treats on hand for everyone out to see the bands. 
The real kicker was when I was desperate for a last minute dessert for my husband's 25th birthday party. As a grad student, not a ton of money to go around. I emailed Buttercream a few days before and they provided me with 2 dozen cupcakes (in yellow cake + vanilla & chocolate + peanut butter) for $48. They even delivered them for free.I really want to give Buttercream five stars because I think Kate is all kinds of awesome. Lawyer quits job, buys old mail truck, has it painted with "sprinkles," sells cupcakes. She's following her dream, she's super friendly, and she's funny (check out her twitter @Buttercreamphl). What's not to love?
The cupcakes - sometimes. When they're good, they're I-can-die-happy-now amazing. But catch them on an off day, and they're kind of dry and disappointing. I'm not sure why there's a lack of consistency, but I'm crossing my fingers that she figures it out so that everyone who comes to the truck has the same giddy experience. They're more often fantastic than not, so I will come back again and again.
My personal favorites are the Guiness/Bailey's, banana/nutella, and the happily ubiquitous vanilla/vanilla. Oh, and her chocolate peanut butter mini-pie is decadent and amazing and I would marry it if it were a person.Cupcakes are crazy trendy right now, so I've had the opportunity to sample a lot in the past couple years.  Buttercream are my favorite (or, well, maybe tied with Frosting in Washington DC) - the icing/cake proportion is good, the special flavors are cool but not excessively crazy, and the price is right.  The vanilla cake with chocolate ganache, the banana cake with nutella buttercream, and the cookies & cream special are my favorites.Unreal cupcakes. My favorite truck in the city. As a NYC transplant, I still think Buttercream are the best cupcakes I've ever tasted. 
The basic cupcakes are AMAZING and the specialty cakes are usually worth a try. I've loved the cookies and cream cupcakes, chocolate covered strawberry cake and (the ultimate grand supreme of all cupcakes) chocolate banana nutella. YUM!Cupcake Truck, I finally tracked you down!  After some cupcake confusion yesterday, when mis-stated dates on the truck's Twitter feed led me and my co-workers to wait in vain for the truck's appearance at 34th and Walnut, I finally made a successful rendezvous with this mobile cupcake dispensary at 1pm after a meeting (it opened at 12:30).  
Unfortunately, I should have arrived sooner!  There was a huge line, in which I happily waited in the scorching sun for 15 minutes.  However, as I inched toward the front of the line, the cupcake gals kept scratching flavors off the list as they ran out of most varieties (I was cursing the greedy people buying half dozens!).  I had my heart set on chocolate, but I had to settle for the only two they had left when I reached the front: pumpkin with cream cheese frosting and vanilla with peanut butter frosting.  
The pumpkin/cream cheese was moist, spicy and delicious, and the frosting was appropriate in quantity and good in flavor.  I liked this one better than the vanilla/peanut butter (which I wouldnt have ordered if it weren't the only choice left).  The vanilla cake reminded me of Naked Chocolate's - too dense and bland, and lacking the depth of flavor and delicacy of Brown Betty's.  The peanut frosting, however, was delightful- an undeniable winner, although they piled on too much for my taste.  It was very fluffy, unlike the denser schmears of frosting I usually favor, but the flavor was intense and winning. 
At $2 each, I am a fan of the price.  Reportedly, the truck will be making regular stops at 34th and Walnut every Wednesday.  I'll have to be an early bird to make sure I get my pick of flavors next time...We hired Kate to serve up cupcakes from her truck at our wedding at the Merion Tribute House in May.  Aside from the AMAZING cupcakes, she let us hop on the truck to get pictures and sample the first couple of flavors which was such a special moment for us.
We had 6 flavors (Red velvet with cream cheese frosting, Chocolate cake with peanut butter buttercream, Banana cake with nutella buttercream, Cookies and cream, Lemon with strawberry cream cheese, Grasshopper)
red velvet, chocolate peanut butter ganache, grasshopper, strawberry, lemon,  and the cupcakes and surprise truck visit were the HIT of our wedding.  Everyone loved the idea and the great flavor of the cupcakes.  I only wish I had more left over in the freezer when we got back from our honeymoon! 
We're hoping to track down the truck to celebrate our anniversary each year.  Thanks Kate!I went a second time when the truck was in front of Jefferson Hospital and tried Vanilla Vanilla and the Red Velvet. Both were pretty good but not as good as the banana with cream cheese frosting I'd tried the first time around. 
Also really hope the wait time improves, the wait was not as bad as my 1st purchase but it was still bad especially during the lunch hour. Perhaps an after work stop would be good or hopefully there will be more frequent stops as the business grows that's closer to the workplace.
All things considered not sure if I'd say these are the best I've had, judging by my first taste I still say yes but overall may have to rethink that one, a cupcake testing may be in order.Moist, delicious cupcakes! Some of the best cupcakes I've ever had in my life. I can't wait to run into that wonderful truck once again. :)Buttercream Cupcake Truck has a remarkable, yet not unknown story to the food truck world. A former attorney, Kate Carrara decided to quit her job back in July 2009 to pursue her baking passion - namely for delicious cupcakes! Not really much of a sweet guy myself, I still knew I had to check out the truck in Love Park - it didn't hurt that the GF does, in fact, have a sweet tooth!
Make sure to stop on by and be prepared to have a lovely chat through the window with Kate.
But besides the personable charm, we're here for the delicious cupcakes!
You have the standard types and the fancies, which encompass different fillings within!
I knew I had to get the GF her all-time favorite (red velvet), but I was more intrigued by the trio of fancies available that day - so of course, I got them all.
Cookies n Cream ($3.25)
Chocolate cupcake, oreo buttercream, crushed oreos, chocolate drizzle & filling
I do like cookies n cream ice cream - so I knew I would like this one. This was dense with chocolate, sweet, and had a nice melange of different textures. The innards were perfectly creamy. Be prepared to have a tall glass of milk with this!
Turtle ($3.25)
Vanilla cupcake, caramel buttercream, roasted pecans, dark chocolate filling & drizzle
The vanilla had roasted pecans which imparted nuttiness to each bite. This had a subtly sweeter note to it.
S'mores ($3.25)
Chocolate cupcake, milk chocolate filling, buttercream fluff, & graham crackers
The marshmallow and buttercream fluff was nice and light, while the cupcake itself was dense with rich chocolate. 
Red Velvet Cupcake ($2.50)
Cream cheese frosting
Despite the fancy nature of the trio, the GF's favorite was the red velvet - no surprise here! The tangy cream cheese was not overpowering and the cupcake itself seemed to be the lightest. A nice sweet ending to the work week!The cake is meh, but that peanut butter frosting I would lick off the streets of chinatown. Okay not really maybe the lobby of the rittenhouse hotel.
I had these cuties at a fringe festival.Today was my 1st and last time to Buttercream.
I was excited about their cupcakes.  I purchased a 'fancies' cupcake - turtle (supposed to be topped with roasted peanuts but got a walnut on top instead) - if you don't know the description of your own cupcakes then don't post it. 
Before purchasing, I specifically inquired if the icing was real buttercream or a powder sugar "buttercream".  I was told it was "real buttercream".  
What a shocking surprise at lunch today.
The cupcake was frozen.  I take issue with bakeries making cupcakes ahead of time and freezing them. 
That was a shocking cold unwelcome surprise.
The icing was indeed a powder sugar "buttercream" - otherwise known as American buttercream - which was terrible.
The dominant flavor was powder sugar and cloyingly sweet.  It was not good.
The topper - the cake portion was heavy, leaden density & RAW.  The recipe for this batch was definitely off.  Cupcakes should not be that leaden or RAW. I paid for an inedible RAW, dense, cloyingly sweet cupcake.  
This was a waste of money, not money well spent!
The staff was very nice though.Buttercream are the best. First time I tried their cupcakes was in October. My boyfriend turned 21 and I contacted Buttercream to order a dozen custom cupcakes for his birthday. They met all my requirements and came up with the most amazing and delicious chocolate cupcakes with creme de  menthe. Just heaven. 
I follow them on twitter and a month ago I saw they were selling baileys cupcakes. Just out of this world. Really good. Must try.I like this lady.  She's out in the rain on Fairmount and 22nd (Fairmount Farmer's market didin't happen in the rain, but she did) with a huge smile and conversation to boot!
She was really sweet, and gave me a fresh chocolate ganache with a just thin enough chocolate icing and multi-colored sprinkles in a small plastic box to keep dry.
I really like this cupcake.  It's dense, slightly mealy, but drier than I expected - but that's good, because it's a cupcake, not a flourless chocolate cake (which is at first what I expected, but then I realized this is a cupcake! it would be an awesome cupcake btw, but she is the artist, not me).  The icing was the best part (I like icing best) and just heavenly, like it should be.  Delicious flavor and the dainty sprinkles placed artistically and none were touching, and all very cute.
Anyway, I would be really  looking forward to trying more of her wares.  It's getting cold out and water ice doesn't carrry the same cache in the winter - but a nice special cupcake you have to wait for... that totally does.  And I just love this lady.  I don't know if she's up to it, but a vegan option would be really great - I got this cupcake for my boyfriend, but don't make a habit of eating non-vegan things regularly.
May I also add that the price of $2 or 6 for $10 is cool.
May I also add that I was expecting this super huge mega muffin-style crap, but this was just the right size, so you don't feel like a pig afterwards.