After visiting friends in Brooklyn and having dinner in a quaint little Italian restaurant, I had been searching for something similar in the Philadelphia area.  I finally found it in Cichetteria 19.  
My boyfriend and I went here last night and we both left thinking, we'll definitely go back.  
We started off with three small plates: the Spanish Octopus, then the Beef Carpaccio and then the Venetian aged prime meat balls.  Each dish was more delicious then the previous.  The octopus was tender, the beef melted in your mouth and the meatballs were juicy.  
The boyfriend had a pasta dish with pancetta, he thought the pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce was sweet and perfect.  I went with the Pomodoro Spinaci pizza.  This pizza was so good and I loved the way they cooked the spinach.  
The service was great and they made us feel like we were the only ones there, despite the fact that the entire restaurant was packed.  I saw that they treated every table this way.  It was also nice to see that the owner was just as attentive and involved.  I would definitely be back for a second visit.This place used to be Valentino and Divino now it's Cichetteria with a new owner who has a passion for wine and food. The food was excellent and the wine was great as well.  The owner is true Italian and is not keeping the name or the menu the same.  He just took over and is revamping this place to be even better then the great place it is.  I started with the mussels and then had spaghetti and clams.  Finally we finished with the Margherita pizza which was off the recommendation of all of the reviews.  Overall the meal was great.  I wish I had room for the Nutella Pizza dessert because it looked amazing.  Just way too big for my little bit of room in my stomach.  I am thankful of each of you that reviewed this place as it was a pleasure to dine there.I didn't know what to expect from C 19 but we came here on a whim for restaurant week and were pleasantly surprised!  Ambiance of the restaurant is cute and romantic with dim lighting.  Folks there are friendly also.  
They served warm bread w/ oil...bread is so important to me at any restaurant.  If they serve me bad bread it throws me off the rest of the meal.  
We ordered the hanger steak and the special pasta of the day.  Hanger steak was delicious and flavorful.  Pasta could've had more flavor.
Since we were in a rush, they packed our dessert to-go (tiramisu) - so nice of them!
Since the restaurant is right around the corner from us, we will be back!Cozy, pleasant restaurant. I'd give this a 3.5 if I could.
Prices are more than a touch inflated for the portion you get (and I'm not asking for monstrous portions here--I just think $10 for three sardine fillets, which is 1.5 whole sardines, is a bit much--but the flavors are clean and everything is cooked just right.
Both times we've been here, wait staff are just great. The first time we got to schmooze with the owner who seems like a genuinely great guy.
Cocktails are fine, but not overwhelming. I would stick to the wines.
Skip dessert; you'll overpay, and you might as well stroll over to Capogiro or Yogorino if you're craving something sweet.
With the consistently good service (though the kitchen can be a touch slow), I would say this is a solid Italian date-night choice, or a casual after-work outing. It comfortably straddles a line where you'd be comfortable in both nicer jeans or a dress/casual suit.More like 3.5 stars.  I love that they serve and support local and sustainable food. I love that they bake their own bread. I want to love it more but there were some shortcomings that hold me back.  
Dinner on a Friday night wasn't packed, though I struggled to get a near-7 o'clock reservation.  None where available on Open Table, so I took 6:30 and then called. They gave me a 6:45pm and told me 7pm would be too busy. Maybe they had some cancellations, but I'll tell you the place wasn't full.   The picture posted makes it look crowded, but it wasn't at 7, despite what I was led to believe. I found it to be low-key, relaxed option for a sophisticated, but casual dinner.  
Small plates were good but not fantastic.  We went for three for $12.
"Flash Fried Calamari and Zucchini, Spicy Tomato Sauce" was by far the best of the three we chose. It was crisp and fresh and enough for 2-3 people to share. 
I wasn't a fan of the "Baccala, Cured Cod Veneziana" with Black Polenta. Too salty for my taste, not that I've had baccala before. So maybe it's supposed to be really salty, since it's cured and all. The polenta was good but bland, likely to pair with the really salty cod. 
We also got "Seasonal Fish Cevice with Shaved Fennel and Artichokes, Citronette Reduction".  This was very small and would recommend for 1-2 people to share at best.  We got about 1-2 crisp "chips" that when one of us cut into it, half of it flew into the other's lap.  So it left something to be desired, you could say. 
We weren't uber hungry so we shared a Pizza for our entree.  We got the Funghi & Tartufo, which was a disappointment after I just went to Garces Trading Company and had the Funghi Pizza there and the Tartufo pizza at Pizzeria Stella... Truffle it up, Cichetteria!!!  It just tasted like a tomato pie with mushrooms and some goat cheese on it.  Kinda meh. 
I would definitely come back here, and while it's great for grabbing a glass of wine and small plates, I would probably try the pastas and entrees instead.Rather bland food. Good happy hour food and drink specials.I want to start this review off by saying that I have only been to Cichetteria 19 for brunch, so the 2.5 (rounded up for the official review) applies solely to those circumstances.
The main reason that I am giving a rating on the low-side is the amazingly slow service.  When I went here, my party was one of two in the entire restaurant and yet it took over an hour before for my friend to get her food.  That is unacceptable in my opinion.  I received my food, waited a while, then she urged me to start eating, so I did but very slowly.  Eventually I had eaten my brunch and she hadn't yet received hers.  
It was also very slow for my previous visit (also for brunch).  I had dubbed it "the slowest and longest brunch ever" I think.  At least that time they brought us complimentary bloodymarys (which we may have already ordered).
As for the food, it is pretty good (thus the 2.5 rating).  I just don't think I'll go back to this place when there are so many cheaper and faster options in the Rittenhouse area for brunch.Went to CIchetteria 19 for the first time tonight and had a thoroughly good time.  The service was wonderful; our server (Arthur) knew the menu inside out, he could tell us the source of every vegetable and cheese on the menu, almost all local and organic.  We ordered the tasting menu (four courses is way too much food, btw), the salads were brilliant, the house-made gnocchi (made by the owner's mother, visiting from Italy!)  light and subtle, the salt-roasted bronzino as good as it gets.  Baccala with squid ink polenta beautifully plated but  a bit bland.  Not inexpensive but worth every dime for the food and the experience.First step into the restaurant already started off to a bad impression as we (and a few other patrons) stood at the doorway waiting for 10 minutes for someone to greet us. Since we had a reservation for 7:45, seeing others that didn't have reservations being seated before us wasn't pleasing. 
Certain dishes were hit or miss. There wasn't anything spectacular, but there wasn't anything bad either. While the waiter was friendly and nice, he was never around when we really needed him and drinks took about another 10 minutes to arrive. 
Albeit that it was restaurant week, and I want to say they were understaffed that night, it'll be a while before I go back to visit C19.I have to say it: C19 has been the best meal I've had in Philly so far. A good friend recommended this place to me and my boyfriend for weeks and weeks and we finally got there for dinner with him. The manager was kind enough to send out a couple of appetizer plates since our friend is a regular and we got a great sampling of their menu. 
I've never had octopus before and I was hesitant to try it...oh man was it delicious! It sits on a medallion of ink polenta and was just decadent. The filet was beautifully done as a tartare and the homemade meatballs were heart-warming.
My boyfriend and I split their Risi Bisi risotto with scallions and shrimp. The scallions were great, but the shrimp was just so-so. However overall it was delicious.
I have never been a tiramisu fan but the tiramisu at C19 is OUT OF THIS WORLD!! Compliment it with their double espresso and I was set. 
Oh, and definitely try their sangria. I had two and they were wonderful.
And for all that (plus four more drinks for the boys and a side tomato basil salad) we barely broke the bank at $100 for all three of us.  
C19 is a great and reasonably priced restaurant with top quality fare in Rittenhouse Square. Definitely check them out!
P.S. The reason I had to give four stars was because they have four square specials listed in their app, but they do not accept them in store. I think we were given an appetizer because I brought it up (even though I only broke it up to save the manager a future headache), but the manager said they had been trying to remove this for three years. That seems like a long time! Hopefully they can get that cleared out so some bargain-hunter doesn't come in and try to use their coupons.NOT IMPRESSED
Thought we'd try a new place for my husband's birthday. I found Cichetteria 19 is just okay... nothing special.... I feel awful, I wanted his birthday to be special...anyway, The best part was our lovely, funny server, Maria! The food... well, all I can say is that I can open a can of artichokes myself & mix it with arugula. The  arrogant owner, Andrea Luca Rossi seems more impressed & interested with himself than his food He struts around the restaurant in his tight shirt & jeans, occasionally asking patrons "How is everything?" Except our table. We ordered a lot of appetizers. The best one was the Crudo.... a raw tuna concoction on toast.... All of the other items, the spreads for example, seemed processed & canned, not the "artisanal", locally sourced "slow food" experience I anticipated after deciding to dine here.... also, very skimpy portions.  We also ordered the dorado fish... there were 4 of us...it is cooked in  salt & comes rolling out on a silver cart, covered in a salt pile....when Maria filleted it, she realized it was raw... back it went, a few minutes later, we each had, literally a tablespoon of mushed up fish on our plates... lovely. I then ran into some friends that I haven't seen in a while.... yes, we did talk & we were very excited to see each other. I expressed this excitement to Mr. Rossi who was wheeling that silver fish cart around....he was obviously annoyed, saying that we were"disturbing" his other tables, there was a table of 2 between our table & our friends, it is a small space, I didn't think we were disturbing any one...in fact I asked the table next to us if we were disturbing them & apologized... they were very nice & said that we were fine.... I only wish Mr. Rossi was as concerned about his food....I should have known better when I found a place to eat the same day with availability at the most popular dining time..... there is a reason... with all of the fabulous restaurants to eat  in Philadelphia, where you feel welcome, well, I do know better....Maybe I was trying to recall my happy days when I lived in Rome... Well, Mr. Rossi, news flash.... Cichetteria 19 is nothing like the charming, hospitable ristorantii I discovered while living in Italy... your food is mediocre, at best and quite honestly, you'll do much better if you lose the attitude and focus on a more inventive menu. Maybe you should watch Mario Batali on the food network sometime, I think you could learn something.... or better yet, go to his new place, EATALY...
... they have a cooking school there.... La Scuola. 
BOTTOM LINE: uninspired food,skimpy portions,LOVELY CHARMING MARIA..(like I said, she is the best part!) & a not so charming owner/chef .... NO BARGAIN.... next time I look for an upscale Italian eatery, there are many better choices.....This review is a 4.5, but they don't allow half stars.  This place was great and I was surprised because I live around the corner and never thought to try it because I wrongly thought it was just another mediocre Italian restaurant - but I was wrong!  
We chose the 5 small plates for $25 option (such a great deal).
-great options and our waitress took the time to explain the menu and the restaurant (she showed a real interest).
- aged meatballs were so good I didn't want to share (when I go back I am getting my own). The sauce was really really good!
I also had the mushroom risotto as an entrée and while I thought the flavor was good, it didn't meet my boyfriends high standards for risotto (perhaps rightfully so with this being a venetian restaurant).
Only 1 slight negative was that it took a while to get the check after an evening of great service - not sure why, but we were enjoying conversation, so it wasn't really a big problem.
Pizza was great as well - good crispy crust and a nice taste.
This is a great place for a low key night of small plates and pizza that doesn't break the bank. I will definitely be back.My man friend and I went came upon the cute and inviting Cichetteria 19 one weekday night after wandering around the Rittenhouse area in search of a new place to eat.  
We sat outside, it was a gorgeous night and we were the only people out there. It was beautiful.  Our waitress was attentive and knowledgable.  It was restaurant week, but my friend didn't want to do that option, so we did our own thing.  
Our appetizers were to die for (so, so delicious): the Venetian meatballs for him, and I got the hangar steak, which in hind sight, I wish I had gotten as my entree (it was SO good!).  The entrees left a lot to be desired...he had the pasta of the day, which was basically just small-ish hollow pasta with tomato sauce - OK, but not great.  I give the waitress credit for allowing me to order my entree of off the Restaurant Week menu, as they didn't have it on the regular menu: Spinach Gnocchi's.  Big mistake.  They weren't good. They didn't taste like spinach; they didn't taste like anything....all I tasted was dough.  I barely ate it. Really, just not good.   
Aside from the epic fail of the spinach gnocchi, I would definitely go back because the apps...and from other reviews, I see that the pizza is what I should be ordering : )My husband and I dined here on 9/6/13 and had a lovely time.  It was kind of a last minute decision to grab a late night bite to eat, and being new to the area, we just walked around until something peaked our interest.  We came upon this lovely sidewalk/brasserie scene and headed inside.  It was a touch too chilly for me to sit outside, but we were sat (in my opinion) at the best table in the house.  It was located directly in front of the bay window, which ended up being quite romantic and scenic; perfect for a anniversary weekend.  
We were helped right away, which surprised us because there seemed to be ONE server(Oliver) for the entire restaurant (inside and out) and he was quite busy.  He would take our orders with a very friendly disposition and although he did not return for a while after each trip to our table, we completely understood why and did not fault him for that.  Considering he was the only one there, he did a bang up job taking our orders/bringing us our food and our bottle of wine.  The wine is a touch on the pricey side, but good nonetheless.  
Our food was delicious.  Between the two of us, we ordered a flight of cheese, a bottle of wine, marinated olives, and the charcuterie.  We had a swell time here (other than the horribly annoying/racist/extreme Republican/Tea Party lady sitting two tables away from us spouting off horrible, rude and downright disturbing remarks about this and that, and never seemed to shut up), but we tried our best to ignore her.  The restaurant itself was lovely and we could picture ourselves returning there if we lived in the area.
(Please note: we did walk by the next day and saw a sign on the door saying they were closed that day due to a water pipe bursting/leaking)I had a great meal here with a group of co-workers when in town for a conference. The gnocchi special was delicious, and the beet salad was also quite tasty. I started with a drink special called the bourbon and blueberries and it tasted very good (although it was strangely not blue). The bread was fantastic--perhaps the best pre-meal bread I've ever had. The waiter was very good and wasn't overwhelmed by our large group. I highly recommend C19!This place is a text book definition of a 3.5 star restaurant....I give it a 3 coz yelp won't let me pick 3.5. I ate the wild boar special...best pulled pork I had in Philly yet!!
The hanger steak was very ordinary..and the chicken was not bad.
I think the day we went there, it was a little crazy and we heard something crashing/breaking every 15 minutes. The service was pretty slow and I got the feeling that something was wrong that day. The owner apologized and offered free desserts for all of us...nice fella!!
There is a beer menu if you ask for itI live around the corner and always pass by but never gave this place a shot. Tonight was a first and most certainly will not be my last. In the spirit of it being my first time I went ahead and got the 3 for $15 small plates, and the 30$ for 2 people pizza special, that comes with two farmers salads, pizza of choice, and 2 beers. The small plates were fantastic, and actually bigger portions than expected. White tuna was the fish crudo for the evening... So delicious. Than we got the beef carpaccio, and baccala. All were soo tasty, flavorful and accompanied with a side of greens, all prepared differently. For pizza we got the polpette, meatballs were perfectly seasoned the ricotta cheese was not overwhelming and the sauce was light and tasted very fresh. Overall a great experience. The staff was very friendly and attentive. An extra bonus was the complimentary dessert drink, a lemony sorbet mixture. Excellent. Excited to go back and try the risotto and pasta dishes.Two of us met here to catch-up after a too long hiatus. We had some delightful wine at the bar (happy hour prices) which we enjoyed while bantering with the charming and friendly bartendress. We moved to a table for a bite to eat.  Neither of us was particuarly hungry so we started with a cheese board consisting of five samples of intriguing varieties. Our server was nice enough to write down of the ones we particuarly enjoyed. We followed with Carpaccio paired with Arguletti with a horseradish aioli that was delicious and of ample quantity for us. 
The atmosphere is most pleasant with wood features and subtle lighting (we saw some guests using their cell phone lights to read their menus!). The bar stools take getting used to. If you don't seat yourself properly you might slide off!  This is a nice, friendly, and cozy neighborhood establishment.Sumptuous small plates featuring the freshest of local produce and the highest quality meats and cheeses, lovely (and varied) wines by the glass, crispy-crusted pizza hot out of the wood-burning pizza oven, and a beautiful early summer night sitting on the sidewalk enjoying the company of an old Philadelphia friend made for one heck of a fantastic evening.  Great place to meet friends for a glass of wine and a quick nibble, or enjoy a more leisurely dinner.   Will be high on my list when in Philadelphia.For months upon months Cichetteria 19 acknowledged that we made our reservations through Opentable and awarded us our 1000 bonus points. Then all of a sudden, a good month or so ago, C-19 claims we did not make our reservations through Opentable, but directly through them, so alas, I lost all of my points for dining there, even though I was able to prove that I did use Opentable, as I am lousy and lazy about cleaning out my emails. 
Once I sent my confirmation email to Opentable, they said they would re award the 1000 points, but still have not, a good 6 weeks later!
Dishonest business practices, I will not dine here again! Real people, honest reviews!I was there on Saturday, 11/5/2011 and had a GREAT experience.  The owner is very personable and caring.  The atmosphere is very romantic.  The food is fantastic.  We had the Veggie tasting (****), the Margherita Pizza (****), the wild mushroom risotto special of the day (*****) and the Pizza with French Fries on it (*****).  If you want a pizza, get the one with fries on it.  It was amazing and pushed my rating up from 4 stars to 5!Hmmm...I'm torn by the discrepancies here.  The ambiance is a 4, the food a 3, the dessert a 4, the wine a 4 or 5, but the service only a 2, which is why I gave it a 3 overall.
I went with some girlfriends and we had a reservation for 8PM.  We got there and waited 20 minutes to be seated, and were kind of standing awkwardly by the door, with one server telling us that they were just preparing a table - and were then ignored for quite a while.  When we were seated, our table was directly next to the door and window on a freezing night, so we had to ask to be moved.  While we waited for another table to open up, there seemed to be a great deal of confusion about who was serving us and how their jobs were divided.  One person sat us and brought food menus, but forgot drink menus.  Another person came to pour water and was surprised we didn't have drink menus so got them for us.  Another person came to ask if we wanted drinks and then took our order, and after that one of the first 2 servers came and asked if we were ready to order drinks...so clearly though the restaurant had 3 servers for about 10 tables, no one was taking responsibility for a certain table and communication was pretty poor.  
They came and told us the dinner specials after about 20 minutes (we were already ready to order!) and then moved us to a warmer location.  Our appetizers came out fairly quickly - the salad with pears, apples, and goat cheese was good (but nothing special) and the broccoli rabe with chickpeas was the same.   The pizzas we ordered for dinner were also decent, but nothing remarkable - fairly bland, more crust than cheese, and a little oily.  
The wine itself was excellent - they have a good selection of both reds and whites which has some unusual/interesting wines I'd not tried before, and some standards.  I like sweet wines and usually go for the riesling, which was very good, and I also got a glass of the sweet shiraz which was great.  My friends all tried different types of reds and thought they were excellent. 
Our desserts were fantastic as well - the tiramisu was very flavorful and the nutella pizza was unique and very yummy.  They were actually very nice and brought out complimentary drinks with dessert (yummy lemon-champagne cocktails).
Overall, I think that the food was not exciting (but at least not too overpriced - the prices were pretty reasonable).  The service stood out as the worst part of the experience - no one was rude, but we felt ignored and also felt that no one was communicating about who was actually taking care of our table so we ended up waiting for much longer than we should have.  The complimentary dessert drinks were a nice touch but didn't make up for the overall poor service experience.
 I wouldnt' come back for dinner but I would come back to the bar for a glass or two of wine.A five star experience, for me at least, requires a level of personal satisfaction and a guaranteed memory of how it all went down.  A bottle of wine, a flight of samples and a few more glasses may make that memory a little foggy but that's why I'm not waiting to write this review!  After 3 small plates, an entrée and a pizza I can gladly say that I was impressed with food quality, authenticity and even locally grown ingredients.  The restaurant was mildly busy but the staff made us feel as if we were the only ones in the restaurant.  Warm is the correct term to describe this restaurant and leaving I felt as if I was part of the family.This place is fantastic. I went here with three girlfriends and we had the most attentive and fantastic service from our server, Dustin. We never felt rushed and we had plenty of time to sit back and enjoy our food and wine. The stand out dish of the night was the hangar steak frites - tender steak and fries with truffle oil? Whats not to love? Also, they source all of their meat and their vegetables come from a local farm. This is a place that serves amazing local seasonal food - and doesn't break the bank.Great service and even better food. You can't really go wrong with homemade bread ... I highly recommend c19 for brunch. Hands down amazingThis is a neat little place that we never got around to trying back in its previous incarnation. Tonight we stopped in for a happy hour glass of wine and some snacks.
We tried the calamari, charcuterie and stuffed peppers off the small plates menu. The calamari was tender, but could have used a little more salt. The peppers had a nice blend of sweet pepper and savory stuffing, with a hint of spice.
The charcuterie plate was the biggest disappointment of the evening despite featuring the highlight as well. The disappointment was in ordering a charcuterie plate and receiving a few slices of salami on a plate. OK, so they were slices of fancy Italian salami, and there were a couple caper berries too, but it was still disappointing all the same. It's saving grace was in the accompanying focaccia - fresh baked in house, flavored with olive oil, garlic and herbs (and the pride of the chef judging by our conversation with him).
OK food combined with a trendy yet comfortable ambiance means we'll come back for a full meal and a second try sometime in the future.Cichetteria 19 is Philadelphia's first authentic Venetian eatery and osteria (pub) and quite possibly the first in America, ( pronounced chik-eh-terria ). The restaurant is located in the affluent Rittenhouse Square area where one would normally find inflated menu prices, but like the Cichetterias in Venice, C19 has kept the prices friendly for friends and neighbors to gather without clearing your wallet.
Small plates have become very popular and C19 offers an abundance of tantalizing small plates and many with an Italian influence. Choosing is not as easy as one would think, so at one for $7.00, three for $15.00 or five for $25.00, I would recommend ordering five, especially for two or more people to share. On this visit, our first time here, we ordered three cichetti ( Venetian small plates ) because mentioning Yelp gave us one more. Although the next time around I will not restrain myself from ordering five..
I started with a dirty martini, even though it was made with vodka it was very powerful and so large that even the lush in me and my love for dirty martinis could only finish 2/3's of it, it was huge! Hubby had a coke which was served in the old glass bottle with ice on the side. With our drinks we were served an awesome thick sliced bread, drenched in oil and grilled, it was so moist and incredibly delicious! 
Between the two of us we shared the Baccala, Venizianna cured cod on a soft black polenta, which was salty and okay, I would not order it again, the Venetian Prime aged meatballs served in a tomato sauce were the best meatballs hubby and I have ever shared, yes I did just say that! They were flavorful, dense and large enough to satisfy the hungriest appetite.    
The pate' of the day served on top of their awesome in house made bread was artichoke pate' and I never say no to artichokes and it was an interesting blend, I really enjoyed this one and the portions of their tapas are generous to say the least. Our final small plate was a Tramezzino of eggs and anchovies, which was their version of an egg salad served on top of their perfectly awesome homemade bread topped with a white anchovy filet, again it redefined egg salad and was outstanding!
Instead of ordering entrees, which sounded tempting, we each ordered a pizza, which we thought would be personal sized pizzas, not! They were the size of any large pizza you would order, both served on a scumptious flatbread style crust, ultra thin. The owner/manager had told us that they just hired a new chef from Roma to concentrate on the pizzas and crust. If you had their pizza in the past and were not satisfied with the crust, you do need to give them another try. 
With that said, the toppings are skimpy, but creative and flavorful. Hubby had a pizza Rosa, the Polpette with a tangy tomato sauce, light mozzarella cheese, I saw no basil and maybe one, possibly two Prime aged meatballs cut and scattered on top. I had a pizza bianca, the Basano with gorganzola cheese baked into the top of the crust, sliced figs, prosciuitto and arugula, I fell in love, I wished it had more figs and cheese, I  wish I had a slice of it right now. It made my taste buds sing.
I want to return soon to try the hanger steak or supposedly the best burger in Philly according to one article I read which has roasted leeks, a gorganzola cheese and sliced mushrooms, served with truffle fries. Hello yum, C19 has me hooked. They do need to update their website as we were charged $17.00 for each pizza and their site states $15., pretty sure we saw $15.00 on our menus too, but it was worth every penny, even if they are shy on the toppings.
C19 is both inviting inside and out and during the warmer months they have sidewalk tables set up and open the large ceiling to floor door like windows in the front to bring it all together. However in the colder months it proves to be a cozy nook with a short flight of  well used white marble steps taking you into a warm and inviting pub and dining room with rich wooden tables and comfortable benches and chairs. 
Cichetteria 19 opened their doors one year ago this month and proves to be doing a good business, I for one, can not wait to return! I hear that during happy hours C19 is very crowded and I can understand why with their awesome cichetti, flatbread pizzas and very reasonably priced and potent cocktails.
The staff is ultra friendly and they along with the owner/manager all work together to ensure you enjoy an ultimate dining experience. Our server Maria was very helpful to us for our first visit. 
Parking is a bear here as it is all metered street parking and our dinner reservations were on a Sunday. They have a reasonably priced tasting menu along with a wine pairing, pasta and risotto dishes, fresh fish selections, poultry and meats. This small restaurant tucked inside Rittenhouse Square is chock full of tantalizing tastes and libations.The best thing about this place is definitely the atmosphere.  It's the perfect place for a date, and is also great for a girls night.  Upon entering the restaurant we were immediately greeted by the hostess, and as we walked by the bar, the owner cheerily said "ciao! welcome!"  Our waiter was very nice, and hit the perfect mix of attentive, but not intrusive.
Everything is very authentic - one of the specials was gnocchi, handmade that morning by the owner's mother, who was visiting from Venice!  We had the watermelon salad (watermelon, goat cheese, tomatoes and mixed greens), which was absolutely delicious.  Although this concept is pretty standard, Cichetteria's version definitely stands out.  I loved that there was a mix of greens (I'm really over plates full of only arugula) and the dressing was the perfect complement to the watermelon and goat cheese.  Although expensive ($14), it was generously portioned and more than enough for three of us to share.  We also got the Venetian meatballs (great flavored sauce) and olives (I'm not an olive person so I'll refrain from commenting on them).  The bread is out of this world - it comes hot and perfectly toasted, and goes great with the sauce that comes with the meatballs.  Unfortunately the pizza (a white pizza with prosciutto and fig) was disappointing.  It was very oily and dry, and just wasn't that interesting.  The bites of fig I got were tasty, but the figs were pretty scarce.  Next time I'll definitely go for a red pizza.  
Although the pizza was a letdown, the rest of the food was great and the service was so pleasant that I'd definitely go back.  The prices are a bit high, but if you share a couple appetizers and a main dish with friends, the bill is definitely reasonable.  There's also a happy hour featuring $5 glasses of wine that seems like a great deal.First neg.review I've ever written, but I can't let this one go.  One disclaimer b4 I get into it..., if food and service were ranked separately, I would've given food 3 Stars (my pasta entree was chewy, octopus and calamari were great, meatballs were dry... blah, blah, blah. had worse... had better who cares).   ...And now for the explanation of this seemingly harsh rating...  you could call it "service", but oh god, it was so perfectly disappointing you'd think it was choreographed... they rolled out all the cliches for us.  Maybe they've never had a party of 6 before.  We should've left when it took 10 minutes just to get menus, and another 5 before we were able to get someone to take a drink order, but I'm a gluten for punishment.  We waited forever to get the drinks, they brought the 3 beers out first. 2 cocktails when the beers were half done, and I got to watch my friends drink them while I waited still longer for the final cocktail.  Food also was served staggered.  This time mine came first and others were delayed (but none of us had silverware).  Had to ask the shiftless staff multiple times for the basics like silverware after the food arrived, parmesan (3x), more drinks, menus...  and I had thought that the Occupiers were all back in their parents' basements full time.  They tried to use the zone defense approach where multiple servers are supposed to attend to the tables, rather than the man to man where one server is assigned to a table.   When it works, it's great, but for that to work, the staff must be well organized and attentive.  They were confused and hopelessly disorganized, which meant nothing got done as it should've...  (If I ran this place, I definitely would not feature a pic of me on the restaurant profile... it's the first one!  and mom is at the end...  who does that??).  Steak was also served covered in a gorgonzola sauce that was not stated on the menu or in the description the waiter gave.  After cold coffee, the coup de grâce was delivered (belatedly, again) by a spacey waitress who brought the check stating that they would add a gratuity for parties of 6 or more, but they check did not reflect how much that would be.  What??? When we finally got the accurate bill guess what, they added 20% to the amount (with the tax, of course). That was delivered by another server who advised that they provided the number to "help" us determine what we should leave, but we could leave whatever we wanted.   I customarily leave the 20% for standard service.  This probably would've been a situation where I left less than 20% (but not less than 15%)  but this was just presumptuous and insulting, notwithstanding the disingenuous explanation.  By that point, I had C19 fatigue and hadn't the energy to complain, and I frankly don't care if they ever change.  They got their 20%... and this review.  They'll never have to worry about us again.The place is very cozy,everyone is very nice,and helpful also attentive .The food was also good but not really for me .The hanger steak had a funny smell which i could not even taste .The risotto was very tasty!! and the atmosphere was very agreeable !Cichetteria 19 is a good neighborhood spot right off Rittenhouse Square. Great caprese salad and grilled octopus starters -- the highlights of the meal. My friend's burger was delicious, but my risotto was under-seasoned. Better than over-seasoned, I guess, but I had to salt it pretty heavily. Their wine selection is pretty decent, and reasonable. The service were great -- super friendly and helpful. I live really close and will be back for wine and starters -- maybe the burger, too. A good after-work spot.The food was good but not great. Would have returned to try it again until, our server asked us to leave because another reservation was coming in. I thought this was extremely rude and inappropriate. This is NOT how you treat paying customers in any business.Loved this little jewel! We went there because we love the fact that they purchase much of their food locally. The ambiance is charming and the service staff was extremely courteous and friendly. The pace was almost perfect with a tiny lag at the end that we were more than willing to overlook.
First, let me say that it is rare that I eat at a restaurant where you can get GOOD by the glass wine, so I was pleasantly surprised to get a lovely italian red. It is also rare for me to have GOOD coffee at the end of the meal so I was thrilled to get a great cup! (i forgot to ask them what coffee they serve) Bonus on both of those!
I ordered the tomato and fennel soup. It was very fresh and very good tasting despite for not tasting much of the fennel. My husband has the apple and goat cheese salad that was SO fresh!!!
Then, I got the chicken with squash puree and polenta. It was so moist and the skin was just right. My husband had the vegetarian entree of an acorn squash stuffed wirh farro grain and figs. Awesome!
For the dessert, we had the Nutella custard and the pistachio gelato. Both were fantstic and not overly sweet! Our server Jonathan was a sweetheart too. Highly recommend C19!!!Ended up here with a friend randomly on a Tuesday night around 9pm after failing to get to a liquor store in time to go to a BYO. But, I was very happy that I was forced to try Cichetteria 19 because my friend and I had an excellent time. 
We were welcomed by a gentleman who I assume was the owner, because he gave us the back story on the place, the concept, the Venetian way of cooking for one's friends, etc. It was very charming. 
The menu is divided between the Cichetteria (small plates), more traditional appetizers, entrees and pizzas. We ordered the Marghertia pizza to split and three of the Cichetteria - the roasted shrimp, meat balls and Arancini Trio (three for $12). The food was excellent (the meat balls were melt-in-your mouth good) and more than enough for the two of us to split and very reasonably priced. Decent wine selection as well. 
It was a pleasant evening weather-wise so we sat outside. 19th is relatively quiet for being so close to Rittenhouse and the sidewalk here is wide - so this is a great place to dine outdoors. We didn't explore the interior much, but the front wall of windows opens so you still feel included in all the indoor hustle and bustle. 
A friendly and efficient staff rounded out the experience. I'll be back to check out the happy hour.Found Cichetteria via Yelp and got a reservation early at about 5:45 PM. They were booked through the 6-8 time period, which we took as a good sign. We started with salads, my wife the mixed greens and me the pickled beets and greens. Both were delicious, fresh and nicely dressed. We had specials: my wife had the trout and I had the bolognese bucatini (hollow spaghetti) pasta. Both were well prepared and delicious. Our server, Brandon was attentive and personable, but not as knowledgeable about the menu as he should have been (he kept referring to notes). The only reason that this is not a five is that the ambiance is a bit lacking. With a bottle of wine and tip, check came to $130.Service was good. Meatballs were great. That's it. The margherita tasted like Ellio's microwave pizza, and I'm not being extreme. They also forgot to put on the menu that the apple and almond salad came with 5 tablespoons of salt. Too many good restaurants around to return.Last night I ate at cichettis. What a great restaurant!! I'm visiting from los angeles, the service was excellent the food amazing! Andres (owner), Maria & Kelly  all made me feel like I was part of their family. I going back again tonight!!!!This Venetian restaurant on 19th and Locust, right besides the Rittenhouse park, was on my way to work, and many a days I have passed it by slightly salivating on reading the specials scrawled on the board put outside. I remember it featuring bigoli con salsa once, a dish advertised as a must-try in Tiziano Scarpa's "sensual guide to Venice", Venice is a Fish. It was only our limited nights in Philly, that saw us here at brunch on a Saturday aftermorn rather than in the evening. So this so-called review would hardly do justice to this charming eatery + osteria (pub, seemingly), but for what it's worth I find myself writing it.
The place doesn't serve the dinner menu in the morning. This might not sound surprising, but in the USA I think it slightly is. Furthermore, the only thing on the menu were frittatas (and a French toast) and sides. I ordered the sweet sausage frittata which came with spinach, potatoes, cherry tomatoes and ricotta cheese. And they were all so very fresh - especially the tomatoes which were so ripe and juicy that one wouldn't recommend poking a fork into it carelessly if one is wearing a white shirt. Or any shirt which one cared for. The missus ordered the spinach frittata which came with goat cheese instead of the ricotta, for the better in my opinion, minus the sausage of course. We also ordered a side of broccoli rabe, which the owner-cum-executive-chef Andrea Rossi suggested we try with the cannellini beans, a dish as they make it in Southern Italy apparently, and we did. The dish was oozing with garlic-infused-olive-oil goodness, and I think I partook of most of the wife's share as well. 
The portions were pretty big for brunch, and although we would've loved it, we couldn't try the budino, a chocolate pudding served in little ramekins. The latter, sadly, made it impossible for us to take it to go as well. We also didn't try the various Venetian cocktails (I recognized aperol spritz) since the sun was high in the sky, but it left us yearning to come back to this place some evening. Some day, maybe, when we return to Philly. Till then, I recommend you to try it out.
Summary: Charming place, moderately expensive but very homely ambience and service. Loved it.Cichetteria 19 is definitely listening to reviews on Yelp.  After reading multiple reviews about the tiny portions, my GF and I ordered what we thought was a reasonable amount of food: an appetizer (the Arancini), three Cichetti (the polenta, the olives and the hearts of palm) and a pizza (the funghi).  We were debating getting 5 cichetti, but decided to save room for dessert.
Truthfully, we pigged out on the phenomenal bread, but we were so full by the time we got to the pizza that we could barely start it.  Oh well, I was happy to bring the bulk of it home.  The polenta and hearts of palm were excellent, the olives and arancini decent.  None blew me away as much as the bread, but given the price I'm not complaining.  Services was excellent - a little slow bringing the check, but otherwise spot on.  The biggest disappointments were the drinks - we agreed that the Fig Sangria was difficult to distinguish from Franzia Burgundy, and the Meloncello was poorly mixed - but I have no complaints otherwise.
It's great seeing a place take criticism and respond to it positively.  I'd say it's worth a trip back if your only issues were with portion size or service.I really love this restaurant, and will continue to return.  The prices are very reasonable, the portions are larger than many restaurants in Rittenhouse, and the taste continues to be impressive.  I love the squid ink pasta and nutella dessert.  Not only that, the wine list is above average and there's always a great pairing for each plate.  
Aside from that, the service is attentive and excellent.  We've never had to wait, and have never had less than a half glass of water.  The ambiance and decor also impress, and are quite unique.  It's a great place for a date or a dinner after a stroll, but spacing is tight so be prepared to overhear some cool conversations!Short review: 
Great spot in Rittenhouse square!!  If you are looking for something unique off the beaten path (but not too far) - check this out!  Good wine selection, fresh ingredients, and awesome deserts.
Long review:  
The wife and I wanted something different with a good wine selection and we ended up here.  Located on the less traveled side of the square, C19 Venezia is on the smaller side but has a warm attentive staff.  We showed up two minutes before our reservations, we only waited a few minutes while our table was cleared.  Although our spot was next to the utensils/plates, so it was a busy area.  We started off with two glasses of wine since they had a great selection.  I remember the wife had a Chianti but can't remember what I had.
We didn't order apps and went straight to entrees.  After some discussion (err more "yes dear"), we decided to share two entrees - Mushroom risotto and the Margharita pizza.  The mushroom risotto was quite good although we had to throw some more salt into it.  The pizza was simply a-mazing!  I expected the usual plain pizza but instead was delighted by freshness and unique-nees of the grilled tomato.  I love bbq-ing and wish I could get it this well!  Great taste and highly recommend.
Who ever heard of pineapple and basil sorbet?  As someone with an egg allergy, I've had my share of sorbets and nothing compares to this!  Between the pizza and the pineapple sorbet - you'll see me there again for sure!  The wife's gelato was also very good!
To top off the night - the couple next to us knew the owner (we think he was the owner) and got a round of gingercellos.  Shortly after he surprised us with two gingercellos.  Both of us are big ginger fans so it was a perfect end to a great night.I came here with my girlfriend for an impromptu dinner out, and Cichetteria didn't disappoint!  The place caught my eye ever since it opened, and I finally went on restaurant.com and used one of the $25 restaurant certs (purchased for $3!) for a great meal.  We started off with the fried calamari appetizer, which was perfectly fried--the tomato sauce had fresh onions in it which really made the dish.  
We moved on to 5 small plates, which were:
1) Crocque monsieur--my gf (part french) had this growing up as a kid and thought it was tasty, but would've been better with a soup
2) Local Burrata with roasted beets and goat cheese--this was by far our favorite dish--loved the texture of the cheese and the beets/arugula really balanced it out
3) Original Venetian aged prime meat ball--sauce on this advertised as spicy, but not really--the meat ball was a little mushy for me, but we still liked it
4) Figs and prosciutto--probably our least favorite of the five dishes--probably just because I don't like figs though.
5) Pate of the day--artichoke pate
The homemade toasted bread was awesome--I could eat that all day.
Anyway, including the restaurant.com certificate, the whole meal turned out to be only $26, including tax/tip--which was really amazing.  Atmosphere was cute and service was attentive, patient, and friendly.
Would definitely recommend!!Stopped in for a late Sunday brunch; the place was virtually empty (compared to Marathon a couple of doors down, which was hopping). Was suspicious of the backless high chairs at the table we took near the bar, but they turned out to be more comfortable (and not as bad for my posture) as I'd feared.
My health-conscious ladyfriend ordered the yogurt parfait (fat free yogurt, granola, fresh local fruit) and cleaned her plate. Though I was leaning french toast, the waiter talked me into getting the "breakfast pasta," which was similar to a (slightly) less-heavy version of an Alfredo (egg, paremsan, mozz, pancetta). Richer than I normally like getting for a brunch item, but perfectly cooked and tasty. And the portion was normal-human-sized, which I appreciated. (Both dishes combined cost just under $20.)
Place has a simple, high-end-rustic feel. Service was kind, fast and attentive (not a surprise, given we were the only ones there), without being at all overbearing. I'm surprised they were as empty as they were; maybe it was just a quirk of our end-of-brunch-period timing?This place has really amazing food AND service. I've been there twice, and everything is delicious. I lived in Italy for 4 months, and the food is authentic. The wait staff isn't too sharp, but hardworking and attentive. They will answer any questions and are super nice. The atmosphere is quiet and intimate, although it's really too dark.
THE CHEESE PLATE OMG OMG. it is so good. Granted it's hard to mess up a cheese plate. The pasta is a strange and delicious shape, like thick twisted spaghetti. Perfect. THE SCALLOPS! GET THEM! GO RIGHT NOW! The pizza is great. The cocktails are really good also. I got the LUCE and it was sooo delicious and refreshing!Okay, honestly I thought I was going to DiVino's because of the listing on Yelp. Shows how dependent I am on Yelp these days...
The new space is very warm and inviting. We sat at the bar for a couple of hours, taking advantage of their happy hour and a little bit to eat. The happy hour wine specials were well selected and reasonably priced.
The focaccia was outstanding, and I could probably have snacked on it for hours. The gnocchi we ordered was soft and pillowy, definitely executed to perfection. The chef even came out and asked if we needed any extra focaccia to soak up the red sauce!
My only complaint was the funghi and tartufo pizza seemed a bit too wet, making the crust soggy. But I think others have had better experiences with the pizza, for what it's worth.
Brad's rating (out of 5):
Price: 3
Food: 3
Drinks: 4
Decor: 4
Service: 5
Wild card: Chef in the red jacket = awesomeThe food was very good--my friend and I shared the Porcini Polenta, I got the mushroom pizza, and my friend got the beet salad.  The pizza was HUGE.  No complaints with the food.  AND they take restaurant.com gift certificates--another plus!
However, maybe I was just unlucky, but for some reason the service was incredibly slow.  It took close to an hour for our entrees to come out.  And my pizza came out a good 10-15 minutes before her salad, which makes absolutely no sense to me.  No apologies, no free dessert, no anything.  I thought that was a bit strange.  But all in all, good food and a pleasant dining experience.Really amazing happy hour, really great service. I'm almost hesitant to give 5 stars because I don't want my favorite neighborhood restaurant to get too popular....but they totally deserve it.I dined at C19 in February and since then, have been anxiously awaiting a return visit . I did not want to fill up on cichetti ( Venetian small plates ), but I was definitely into trying the prime hanger steak and supposedly "one of the best burgers in Philadelphia", I don't know about in Philly, but it is one of the top burgers that I have ever had in my life!  
They were out of hanger steak and NY strip steak, they buy locally and when they are out, they are out, so we opted for the flank steak and it was awesome little tidbits from heaven, served medium rare. It came with crispy home fried potatoes and caramelized onions, which were delicious as well. We were charged for the NY strip steak, twenty-eight dollars and the portion was more like an appetizer plate, if you took away the potatoes, but the few thin and very small pieces that we had were luscious.
My burger came with perfectly prepared hand cut truffle frites sprinkled with sea salt, outstanding! The burger itself was topped with roasted leeks, mushrooms and a Gorgonzola cheese on the perfect sesame seed bun, a burger and fries worth going out of your way for!
I'm not sure what I have fallen in love with more here, the food is outstanding and different for sure, the cozy atmosphere or the oh so friendly owner Andrea who stopped by our table a few times to chat or Maria, our server from our previous visit who remembered us, or our server Rita who was a pleasure. We were even introduced to a regular who was dining there, Elizabeth., with whom we chatted with for quite awhile. Such a friendly vibe, very relaxing and once again, I can't wait to return!
Salute Cichetteria 19!I skimmed these reviews when I saw this place on restaurant.com and picked up a couple of certificates. We stopped in for dinner and were unable to use the gift certificate because it was Valentine's Day. Fine, I figured I would save it for another time. After eating there I think I'll be throwing the certificates away and considering them a sunk cost. We had tried to go to a couple of other places but they were all booked due to the holiday. C19 was mostly empty, probably for good reason. We should have walked out.  
NOT WORTH IT. 
Portions for the small plates are ridiculously small (eggplant roletini - 2 1" x 2" pieces", arancini 1 2" ball) - for $5/each I thought they were overpriced by quite a bit. If they had been tasty I would have overlooked the portion size but let's look at it item by item:
eggplant - no eggplant flavor, tasted only of breading (old oil?)
ceviche - fine, but again, tiny
calamari & zucchini - fine, decent portion
gamberetti in salsa roja - it's a freaking tea sandwich. 2" by 2" square - tiny shrimp with a very fishy taste on white bread with no crust - might even have been Wonder bread? The owner came over at one point and told us what an authentic dish it was, adding that "it was shrimp, with ketchup, on bread!" The explanation did not help the enjoyment of the dish. We only ate one triangle of the sandwich.
arancini - risotto was gummy and had no flavor, not even of salt. It might as well have been leftover rice from a takeout joint, rolled into a ball. The outer breading was crisp but the inner part was barely warm, and the sauces added nothing to the taste. 
We ordered the arancini, eggplant, and gamberetti on the recommendation of our server, who said they were excellent. FAIL.
I had seen on their online menu that they had a selection of housemade focaccia. The focaccia was not on the menu tonight, and when we asked a server, he said that they were going to bring some with the meal but we could also order it separately. We never got any bread. (Pet peeve, don't mention that you're going to do something and then not do it).
We had been planning to order a risotto dish and the gnocchi to share after the small plates, but after tasting the arancini, I refused to try any of their risotto. Nothing else on the menu seemed very appealing, so since we weren't very hungry anyway, we just ordered the gnocchi with wild boar & fava beans. The gnocchi were too soft. If you tried to pick up a piece with your fork it would fall apart. I'm all for pillowy gnocchi but this was ridiculous. They also had no flavor. We only ate half. The sauce tasted only of tomato, and I'm not sure why they thought fava beans were a good accompaniment. 
The wine was fine, that was the best part of the meal. They have a nice selection of wines by the glass. 
If you were only stopping there for a drink, I'm sure you would have a great time, but dinner is not worth it. Service is a bit awkward. I think they were trying too hard to upsell.Buona, buona, buona la pizza di Cichetteria 19!!!
Excellent, really.  The crust is unique, not Napolitana as it isn't paper-thin and crunchy but rather a little thicker and stable on the bottom with a slight chew.  Really delicious. and homemade  We knew that Cichetteria would be authentically Italian by a few "clues"- one, the owners who must be from the Venice area of Italy, chose a name of the restaurant that, due to the Spanish language influence in the US, would invariably be pronounced incorrectly by every single person who tried and two, there are liquors behind the bar which Americans seldom drink, like the Averna digestivo from Sicily.  Then, the fact that the pizza is not covered in cheese or topings, thus allowing the flavor of the pane and the sauce to come out and then fact that it took over 20 minutes to make on a slow night, makes this place perfectly Italian and absolutely worth visiting.  Prices are definitely Rittenhouse, but for the quality of the food and the authenticity of the place, well worth it.
We also tried the small plate broccoli di rabe e beans which was excellent.  
Nothing was over-olive oiled or over salted or over-topped.  Graceful, subtle, delicious and authentically Italian.
We got take-out so we cannot comment on the service.
Bravo, ragazzi di C19!  We loved it!If you go, reserve through www.savored.com to save 30% off the bill.  We had some really delicious pasta dishes (house made gnocchi, also a thick spaghetti with eggplant).  Salad special had delicious mixed greens, fresh fruit, and cheese (although one of  us got a mouthful of grit in her salad).  The biggest problem was our waitress told us twice that the soup of the day, rice and pea soup, was vegan.  My husband ate a spoonful and it had BACON in it!  The waitress apologized profusely and brought us a replacement soup, but the damage was done.  (Also they still charged us for the soup!  If I was the owner I would have taken it off the bill).Dined at C19 on a random Tuesday with close friends, which always makes the dining experience more enjoyable, so I hope that adds no bias.
Service was terrific.  We were greeted by a very bubbly hostess/waitress from Russia (unnecessary? perhaps, but maybe she'll read this and feel good) who had no issues regarding us sitting and waiting at our table for our late 4th.  Started off with a nice bottle of wine and a brief history lesson from the owner regarding the grapes.  Even though he could easily tell all of us were not wine connoisseurs by any means, he didn't make us feel stupid and I felt an ounce smarter for it.
The menu selection creates a quandary.  There are tapas like appetizers, regular vegetable/salad/cheese appetizers, entrees, and pizza.  I suppose you have to decide prior to arriving whether all of you will be sharing or not.  Although the website says everything was meant for sharing, the entree section throws you off a bit.  I would prefer if they just created smaller portion sizes for the entrees and cut back on the cost by a few dollars to create a more approachable sharing experience.
Nonetheless...the food:  
We started off with broccoli di rabe and tramezzino venetian.  The broccoli was generally tasty, in a salty/garlic broth over a bed of white beans and cherry tomatoes.  The texture was a bit on the limp side.  Nonetheless, together with the delicious accompanying bread, worth getting.  The tramezzino venetian, was, meh.  Hearts of palm in a creamy slaw like mixture on bread.  We got it because we had vegetarians.  Wouldn't get it again.  
We shared a mix of apps and a pizza as a group:
Hanger steak app: this is a relatively large app that can definitely sub for a meal for most individuals with a sub-30 BMI.  The steak was cooked as ordered, but, was, well, just a decent piece of steak really.  Get it if decent steak makes you happy. Half of the frites it came with were perfect, while the other half seemed oily and soft.  
Venetian meatballs app: two very large meatballs in an absolutely delicious tomato sauce.  First bite was heavenly.  They may be a touch salty for my taste, but, really, a great app.  Would love to see those bad boys crushing a bowl of pasta.
Funghi Tartufo pizza:  I HAD to get this.  After having a pizza of the same name, with the same description (white pizza, mushrooms, truffle oil, mozzarella), in a great pizza place in Brooklyn and nearly experiencing gastronomic arrest, I was praying this would at least be good enough so the Brooklyn pizza wouldn't scoff at C19s version excessively.  Let's just say if any scoffing went down, I'd have C19s back.  Crispy crust, plentiful, chewy mushrooms, delicious mozzarella, and the amazing wonder of truffle oil.  I think I'd eat a handfull of sand if there was a drizzle of truffle oil on it.  In any case, it was very, very good. 
I'd definitely recommend this place, great for couples or small groups, pleasant ambience, friendly staff.
And, if you're on a budget, for $29 you can get the funghi tartufo and two beers and be much happier for doing so.What kind of place can make me wish I ordered the fish over a delicious NY Strip? C19.
There's so much to like about this place.  It has a great atmosphere; there's something intangible about C19 that really makes you feel like they care about their food and the entire dining experience.
I like to take pictures of my food; but I had no chance at C19. I was too busy eating it. 
To start, the service was a little slow.  But once we had our orders placed, there weren't any problems.  I highly recommend the wine flights.  The sommelier comes out and chooses several different wines to pair with the food and gives tasting notes on each wine.  He really put effort into explaining and arranging, and not because it was his job; but because he really loves wine and wants to share that. 
For starters, I ordered the snails, GF had the beet salad, and we both enjoyed these starters.  She then got the special, local black bass.  It was amazing. I'm salivating just thinking about it.  The NY strip I had was good; a nice dry rub, thick cut served medium rare.  But I wouldn't rave about it.
The only potential downside is that for the portions, the food is a little pricey.  But because of the location in the city, as well as the focus on fresh, local, sustainable ingredients, the prices are warranted.  I will be back soon.
PS, there's a tiny TV in the corner of the bar, so if it's playoff time and you've promised to take someone out for a nice meal, this is the perfect spot!This review is easy...the food is good but the service is so so. We waited to be seated  (there was no line at the door) and then waited again for the waitress to come over. When she did come over, the service improved, but the wait was still kind of annoying.
Anyway, the food is pretty good (not great) and so are the drinks. I ordered the chicken dish and my girlfriend ordered the pasta special. Both were very good and worth the price. The portions may not be huge but that isn't a bad thing. Leave room for desert!
The drinks are also good. We ordered a few cocktails and they were good. No complaints there.
/Good food, mediocre service.Very dissatisfied and disappointed. Went on  a Friday night and sat at the bar. The wine was good and the owner/bartender was helpful but the service was horrible. Very slow. We ordered the calamari and zucchini appetizer. It was slow arriving. When it did come it was cold and the pieces were tiny and not cooked well - rubber-like and not fresh. The portion was small and there was nothing that resembled anything like zucchini on the plate or in the dish. Next we ordered a salad. It never arrived. When we asked, the owner/bartender disputed that we ordered, until I reminded him that he recommended it and said it would be right out and we would enjoy the special mushrooms - nothing ever arrived. Finally we ordered a fettucini dish with muscles and shrimp. It was cold. We did receive some bread and an appetizer. both were good, but we were starving by this time. The whole experience was terrible.Amazing food, lovely atmosphere and the owner and his wife, Maria, are friendly. You have to go there!Our party of 5 had a great time on Friday night. Even though half of our party was delayed the hostess seated us right away with our choice of tables and the staff was attentive but not pushy while we waited. The hostess was energetic and warm, enthusiastic about the restaurant (owned by her husband) and their philosophy (locally grown foods). The bread was delicious and we enjoyed much of our food including the pizza we shared as an appetizer and those who got the shrimp bucatini and lamb specials. The mushroom risotto special was disappointing but the staff insisted on bringing a substitution when we mentioned it. The desserts (tiramisu and pumpkin creme brulee were excellent and the presentation fun.This place is wonderful!!! I would come back in a heart beat!!  First let me say that everything was organic and fresh!!!!
I had the cheese plate appetizer and the cheeses were fresh and tasteful!!! Perfect!! My girlfriend had the salad and stated that this was one of the best salads she's had in life!!!
The entrees were to die for!!! The steak was so fresh, juicy and seasoned to perfection!!!!
My girlfriend had a shrimp pasta dish and it was awesome!!!
The drinks were great and the service was excellent!!! The service was so great I thought tipping 20% was being stingy!!!!
I would suggest this place to everyone because this place is a hidden gem in Rittenhouse square!!!
The decor was lovely and all they served was tops shelf LQ!!!!
I came on a travelzoo deal and really wished I purchased more!!! But I would pay full price for an experience like this again!!!Great food, great wine, wonderful service.
This was one of the first restaurants I tried when I first moved to Philly.  It was an awesome experience.  The service was great (and the server was in training!).  When we asked about the wine, the owner came over and asked a few questions about our preferences.  He came back with a few different wines for us to try, we loved them all, so went with a wine flight!  We split a pizza, but it was true italian style pizza with amazing ingredients (this was over a year ago, but I believe we had a pizza with figs and blue cheese...awesome).
The second visit I took my family while they were in town over the holidays (2009).  Again, awesome experience.  We all had different tastes in wine and the server was able to quickly identify our preferences and make recommendations.  The cichetti allowed us to sample several different dishes, each of us getting a taste of a different dish.  We had a great time.  
My third visit was with a friend that had recently moved to the area, so I wanted to show her a great place in her new neighborhood.  Again, great service, great wine, and delicious food.  To top it off, I wanted a place where I could drink wine, eat good food, and catch a football game.  Not too many places in town where you can do all three in a classy and comfortable setting.  Not only that, but I was feeling a little indecisive that night and the server let me try a few different wines before selecting a glass.  
I haven't had chance to get back to Cichetteria 19, but my friend has brought several visitors there since I showed her the place.  They've had great experiences every time.
I noticed a few poor reviews and am surprised that someone had such bad experiences with the service.  It has always been stellar every time I've been there.  Sure, there were attempts to up-sell, but nothing out of the ordinary and nothing I didn't try to do when I was serving.  I never felt pressured to buy anything I didn't want, she just recommended different items that might complement my wine and my tastes.  I'll add that I have no affiliation with the restaurant, just had great experiences every time and hope that others have the opportunity to visit and enjoy a great italian place in the Rittenhouse area.Slow service and inflated prices sabotage what otherwise would be a 4 star restaurant. Was there during restaurant week with 5 other people. 
The food is good. Not worth the price in my opinion, but good. My side of potatoes has a weird taste, but everything else seemed like the chef knew what he was doing.
The service was slow.
The wine list was a joke. We picked a bottle of wine we liked from the list and ordered. The waiter came back to explain they were out of that. We picked another bottle. Five minutes later the waiter came back to explain they were out of that as well. Read the wine list as "here are some wines we once had" rather than a list of wines currently in the restaurant.What's up with the crazy pushy Asian servers at the restaurants in Philly?   (I know, I know- this is an Italian restaurant- I know what I am reviewing- You can see my recent sushi review for the other annoying service).
I wanted to have a moment to breathe without the server coming back to our table every five seconds.  You would have thought she would have heard most of our conversation which centered around my friend's father's recent death.  My friend would be telling me about a particularly poignant part of saying goodbye to her father and the server would be there asking if she could clear some half eaten items.  Attentive service is great, but pushy is NOT good.
The food was very good- too hot to eat anything heavy- we stayed with salads and appetizers.  Loved the concept.
I will return and try to avoid getting that particular server.What a great experience!! From the nice amount of Italian wines offered to the array of small plates to fresh fish entrees, wow, seriously wow. The owner visited our table. He is so friendly & personable. It is obvious how much he cares about his customers whether new or regular. The pastry chef was just starting and offered us taste of her ricotta cheese cake which was perfect with the cocktail special that Andrea made us!!
This place is an oasis in Philly!The day I went this place was empty. 7pm dinner time, no one was there except 2 people at the bar. First thought- strange.
The decor was kind of kitchy- the writing on the wall was not my favorite. 
We ordered 2 specials, the squid ink risotto and the pesto gnocchi:
The squid ink risotto was undercooked, the rice was still raw in the middle, but having said that the flavors were nice. 
My pesto gnocchi was great. I mean it's just pesto and gnocchi, but the gnocchi were creamy and melty in your mouth. The pesto was just pesto but it complimented the potato-ey gnocchi well. 
Overall, I would get the gnocchi as take out.In my first review I complained about the service but said the food was decent. I retract that positive comment. When I visited this time, the food was decent at best, and the service remained comically slow.This is one of those places I wish I could afford to patronize more often. I want to be the (petite, female) Norm to C19's (classy, Venetian) Cheers.
The owner is super-friendly (ciao Andrea!) and makes an effort to get to know you. The wine list is pretty solid, and I've had some absolutely sublime meals here.
Too pricey for my sad, sad student budget these days-- although they do have good happy hour specials.Tasteless & disgusting. Mr Rossi has NOT changed his pompous & obnoxious attitude... really? Spend your money somewhere else.. there are too many FANTASTIC restaurants in Philadelphia with owners who are grateful & pleasant. 
Andrea Lucca Rossi is rude with a BIG attitude..... Food is mediocre at best.....
Tastes like everything comes from a can or is microwaved.... THAT is NOT cooking in my book. Mr. Rossi ought to go back to restaurant school..... Waste of time & money.....actually felt ill when I got home & got sick... will NEVER go back.I was a little skeptical about checking this place out, given the other not-so-pleasant reviews.  But, we went here for brunch to celebrate a friend's birthday so I just went with it.
With no brunch menu on their website, I had no idea what to expect.  However, I was told about "breakfast pasta" but that actually made me even more skeptical of this place.
So, we arrive and found a rather empty restaurant which was nice.  Keep in mind, this is the Sunday after Thanksgiving so I cannot speak to how they are on normal Sundays.  The menu was small but there were some classically good breakfast items.  My lady and I went with the breakfast pasta and asparagus frittata.  The breakfast pasta consisted of a spaghetti like pasta and some scrambled egg and panchetta mixture.  Despite my initial skepticism, it was very tasty and the pasta had to have been homemade.  The frittata was very delicious with some cherry tomatoes and goat cheese.... one of the best I've had.
The bartender (who also served us) made several different drinks, one of which was a bloody mary.  The bloody had a very unique taste; one of those flavors was cumin which I happen to like.  The other drinks he made were tasty, although I wouldn't normally have them for breakfast.
In sum, the service was great.  The bartender/server was EXTREMELY polite and friendly.  The food was about what I expect from brunch-serving restaurants in the Rittenhouse area.
At some point, I'll go back again and see what else they have to offer.I had a good friend visiting from Chicago and with all of the amazing restaurants in the city I tried this one: terrible choice. While the service was good, the salad was salty and soggy and the pizza tasted like it came out of the microwave. The only saving grace was the meatballs. I was embarrassed to have picked this restaurant and would never recommend it to anyone else.It's a really cute restaurant with a romantic date-like ambience to it but I have to say I was a bit disappointed in their food. Nothing really stood out flavorwise and I don't know if it's because I had such high hopes but in the end, for the price I was paying, the food fell flat (and not just for me but also for everyone else who was there with me). 
Let's start with what I ordered. I had the Spanish Sauteed Octopus with Citrus Pesto Polentina, the Griggstown Farm Organic Chicken roasted with PA Walt Wit beer (along with potatoes and vegetables) and the pnocchi special. The pesto with the Octopus dish did not seem to mesh well with the octopus and overall the dish just tasted a little bit salty than it should. The addition of the mini tomatoes did not mix well either. I relied heavily on the pnocchi special to add some better flavor to this appetizer.
So instead, I anticipated the Organic Chicken dish to make up for my disappointment. Unfortunately, the chicken didn't have much flavor to it, I think it was the potatoes on the side that appealed to me the most. 
I really wanted to like this restaurant but unfortunately, that's not what it came down to .... maybe it was just a one day glitch kinda thing.I'm a sucker for anything that has 'small plates' in the descriptiion. And Cichetteria is definitely not the exception.  Cichetteria offers a great selection of delectable Venetian small plates (in the apps section) with some pretty numm-y pizzas to fill you up.
DOs: anything on toast (eggs and anchovies, pates, shrimp something or other) omg so good.  meatballs.   trufffled mushroom (i repeat - trrruuuufffle)
DON'Ts: the fig/proscuitto pizza.  i've tried a couple of times, and no matter what - it's always come out a bit dry.  the octopus - too small!
COULD WORK ON: a better cocktail list.  :)
But all in all - delicious, well-priced, and oh so convenient for the rittenhouse sq area!Still a big fan, just wanted to provide an update since they've apparently done some updating of their own in the past year or two. It seams as if the prices have dropped slightly, but the quality remains high, plus they have the locally-grown angle which I'm happy to support (slacktivism through dining!!!).
My wife usually goes for the fish of the day, with recent offerings of salt baked branzino or seared salmon or rainbow trout. I have a habit of selecting a few dishes from the small plates menu, usually with great success. Love the hanger steak, broccoli rabe and razor clams. Heart of palm salad and baccala - not so much. Just a heads up, this is baccala alla vicentina, not whole salt cod.
Service has remained friendly and informative. These folks know their food, and seam to enjoy dropping some of that knowledge in case the amateur chef in you wants to take a crack at recreating a dish at home. Probably because there's no need for concern that you'll actually do a good enough job of it to negate the possibility of ever coming back...I just moved to rittenhouse square, and this is my new favorite place after only a few visits. Maria always greets with a smile and knows the exactly what wine will be perfect for my mood. The stools in the bar area look uncomfortable but they aren't at all. Order whatever the pasta special is. It will not disappoint. Always amazing, cozy and welcoming, I'm so glad c19 is so close to home!Service was amazing. Family was in town to visit. We all got the tasting courses & the chef did not disappoint (& even integrated a pizza at the request of my not-so-gourmet brother)! Great wine selection and a congenial atmosphere (despite the fact that my parents and brother totally knocked through 3 bottles of some sort of malbec and basically were the loudest people in Rittenhouse Square that evening - sorry fellow diners!)Dear Andrea, as per your response, you know that I have proved to you and OpenTable that I did in fact book through the OpenTable site and sent the confirmations email, so I have no idea why you insist on keeping this pretense going when OpenTable did in fact agree that I booked using their site. Also, the points had originally been awarded and were there for months, then miraculously disappeared. Options were given to you to correct it and instead you choose this road. So sad, since we absolutely adored C-19.A great cozy little spot to grab a drink with a friend.  We only ate the cheese plate but the happy hour specials are great - both food and wine specials.  It also lacks the happy hour overcrowding that tends to plague spots north of the square.I have not yet tried their food yet but I will not return due to the lack of common courtesy from this restaurant.  I made a reservation for Restaurant Week for a surprised birthday dinner.  When I reached the restaurant, it was closed.  The sign said "We will not be on vacation until Sept 18 for Restaurant Week".  I was confused until I realized the sign is missing the word "BACK"...We will not be BACK from vacation until Sept 18 for Restaurant Week.  If they knew they were going on vacation, they should not have confirmed the reservation or they should have called to notify their customers.  There were a number of customers outside wondering what happened.  
I was excited to try this place because I tasted their food during the PIFA festival.  I may be missing out but there are plenty to other restaurants in Philly I rather go to after this disappointing visit.Friendly small italian restaurant. They have great vegan and gluten free options. They support local farmers.  I had the pasta primavera but was expecting more veggies in it and thought there was too much sauce overpowering the taste of everything. I rarely eat italian so I guess that was an appropriate portion size.  They have outdoor seating which is wonderful in the summer as well.From my first visit in October 2009, I was impressed by the modern renovations and updated European bistro feel which the new owners executed so quickly. I enjoy gourmet food and wine and this has quickly become one of my neighborhood haunts. In Rittenhouse Square, C19 offers a superior menu selection, class, value, and service in a warm, unpretentious, and familial atmosphere. The proprietor and staff are always attentive and knowledgeable, while the menu is varied and exquisitely prepared from fresh, sustainable and organic ingredients. In this city of so many restaurants, this Venetian restaurant is a refreshing and unique alternative to the usual Italian fare.My boyfriend and I came here with a Groupon type deal though I'd say the prices are reasonable for Rittenhouse area. We went at 7pm on a weekend and the place was just starting to fill up but was completely full by the time we were done. I suggest reservations or you can show up fairly early for dinner.
I'm a carb lover so I was extremely pleased with how C19 served up all my delicious carb loading menu items. The house bread is a rosemary foccacia that melts in your mouth. I had the crostini app and my bf had the grilled octopus app. I liked his choice better overall but as you keep eating mine, you get a good sense of all the delicate flavors marrying together. Something I recommend here: eat everything a little slower than you normally would. Don't come here starving and inhale the food; it's worth savoring. 
I got the pasta of the day which was a bucatini with crab, asparagus, sun dried tomato and artichoke in a buttery garlic sauce. The pasta was definitely the star and was exquisite. You can tell it's home made and has a good bite to it and soaked up a soft creamy flavor that wasn't all butter but a mix of something. Anyway, fantastic. My bf had the steak and polenta fries. He likes rare stuff but our waiter astutely suggested medium rare for that particular cut of steak because it came very thick. It was very well seasoned and had a slightly smokey flavor.
Oh and speaking of the service, our server was top notch. Kevin (I hope that's his name because it was on our bill) was very friendly and outgoing and made some suggestions for us e.g. the steak's perfect temperature, or whether we may be ordering too much food because he really wanted us to have a perfect meal experience. He thought of our orders as a cohesive meal and offered suggestions for wine pairings and catered to individual tastes. Wonderful! Ask to be seated at his tables if you can.
Overall great experience. I'd put it up there with Barbuzzo and White Dog Cafe as my favorites around town. Will be back soon.I liked this place. When we got there, it was pretty empty so we were able to sit at the table outside.  There were plenty of options on the menu to choose from at decent price points. We started with the white bean hummus which was really tasty. It came with veggis and toasted bread which was great.  I ordered the Risotto which was really delicious.  It was cooked really well and very tasty.  My husband ordered the meatball pizza and it was very tasty as well. It was a thin crust pizza so it wasn't too filling. The only negative was that the food did come out really slow. We were the only people there for the majority of our meal so I wasn't really sure what happened. Our server was really friendly though so no complaints there. I'd definitely come back to try something else, but hopefully the timing gets worked out.