My friend and I came here around 2pm on a Monday. It happened by default, as most of the restaurants on Main Street were closed. We sat ourselves down at the bar and got to drinking. After a few drinks, I ordered the pulled pork tacos and my friend had a burrito. Not bad, not stellar. Just a standard very place to drink and eat Mexican food. It's got a very college feel even in the middle of the day, so keep that in mind if that's not your thing.Full disclosure: I have no experience with their food (other than the free chips which, meh). The special place Cactus holds in my heart is for one thing: Margarita Mondays.
I walked in to Cactus this Monday with a friend from work, and the bartender had a pitcher of 'ritas going before we even sat down. Point to Cactus: The staff is on top of stuff for their regular customers.
The service can be a little slow at times, but once we get a table full of margarita pitchers life is beautiful. The 'ritas themselves aren't the most consistent (this week's were a little heavy on the juice) but for $10 I'm not complaining. And, to reply to one of the posts, they definitely don't skimp on the tequila. In fact, the bartender measures out the liquor for ever pitcher. Margaritas are pretty sweet so you can't taste it too much, and I'm sure it isn't quite as much as you'd get in a non-special, but believe me it's there.
My most serious gripe, actually, is the music. Don't know who puts the mixes on, but I protest. They actually played 'Closing Time' the other night - at 10:00, when people were still coming in. Way to send the wrong message.
It's not the best place around by any stretch, but if you ever need to unwind after a long Monday, you'll find me at Cactus.I got Cactus delivered. The salsa tastes like there's BBQ sauce in it, which to me is gross. The queso fundido was paste like and was hard to reheat. The chorizo reminded me of a regular pork breakfast sausage.  Portions were generous being delivery. I should have checked reviews first ...The drinks and the customer care are the only redeeming factor to this place. Not an authentic Mexican food- order chicken enchiladas without cheese or sourcream and the chicken was crunchy...like old rubber crunchy! Sent it back got beef tacos much better but the beans were super dry. The group said the beef was good. Probs wouldn't come back.I Came here a few times for drinks and food. This place plays music at night so that's a plus for me. I was very impressed by their salsa, I'm pretty picky about my salsa, comes in right spicy level where you have to keep eating otherwise your tongue will burn.  
Their outside seating is very enjoyable during the summer/fall/spring seasons.Absolutely terrible in every aspect.  My fiancé and I came here on a Saturday at 5:45.  All of the waitstaff were standing around the back of the restaurant looking at us awkwardly.  Eventually the bartender greeted us from behind the bar and pointed to the table where we will be seated.  I ordered "The Cactus" margarita, and it was salt lime juice and water.  Not a drop of tequila in it.  I'll give it to them that the salsa was good because of the added chipotle.  However, they have the audacity to charge $4 for an extra basket of stale chips.  Our food came out reasonably quick. My fiancé ordered the chicken fajitas and I ordered the 5-Alarm burrito.  Mine was dry as a bone, bland, and not spicey at all.  I'm reasonably sure that they got a frozen burrito from wava and heated it under a panini press.  My fiancée chicken was also dry and just over all bland.  Then came the waiting. We asked our waitress for the check and then she disappeared for 20 minutes.  I asked her again as she passed by our table, and still had to wait another 10 minutes.
It's a different story if they were the only show in town, but this is Main Street manayunk.  There is no reason for places like this to be taking up space if this is the quality and service they are offering.We came from center city because the corn/cheese mix they do with their nachos really goes unmatched. For the rest of the menu: fish tacos burnt to a visible crisp. Pitcher of margs more watery than margy. We left and went for drinks elsewhere. Wait staff was extremely available tho. 3 stars because of waitstaff. Won't travel back for food again.I don't often find myself in manayunk, but I was there for a friend's birthday. That being said I'm not too familiar with the rest of the Main Street scene. Cactus was... below average. The bar was set pretty low, but my expectations still weren't met unfortunately. The restaurant itself is very difficult when it comes to customizing orders (for example they have shredded chicken for burritos but can't put the shredded chicken in a quesadilla). I don't think they realize it's literally the same thing just in a different form. 
The wait staff was over bearing in my opinion. Our waitress kept butting into Over conversation when she came by with remarks like "did I just hear you say you don't like corn?" Im all about being friendly but "was I talking to you?" Made us help her clean the table bc she had another party coming in very soon. All in all the vibe was weird probably won't be returning anytime soonThis was probably the worst service I've ever received. I came in tonight for a drink with friends. Our server was Elizabeth. She did not greet me as I came to the table, and she did not take my drink order, a different server who I caught just in time took my order. After I asked for another round, she actually told us she was "heading out" and made us close our tab. Very poor service and attitude. I will probably not be coming back.I come here often and everything is always great! I love the happy hour specials daily with cheap prices and great food and drink (and all the chips and salsa)! The staff is always great too!We went on a Tuesday when tacos are $2 and margaritas are $5. Not bad right? I had three tacos (pork, chicken and beef) and one margarita. The pork taco was the best by far, but it was basically like a Taco Bell taco. The margarita was gross. Wayyyy too much sugar and not enough tequila. I know it was a "deal" but it was so bad that I couldn't even finish it. It's pretty hard to mess up a regular margarita but out of the four of us NONE of us liked our margaritas. We left the restaurant feeling like we should have spent the extra dollars and completely enjoy our meal.
On the bright side, our waitress was really nice and she had a great memory.Upon entering the restaurant I was looking forward to enjoying some good company, food and music but shortly after sitting down I slowly was let down. While I did enjoy the music I was first informed they were out of mint so I could not order a mojito, mind you this was around  6:30pm on a Friday night. What kind of Mexican establishment doesn't stay stocked with fresh mint, especially on one of the biggest drinking days of the week. I sadly had to settle for another cocktail. I then proceeded to order the chicken tacos which were a huge disappointment from looking at other dishes served. It was literally dry chicken, rice and cheese. Overall first time dining experience was a major let down.Literally the most HORRENDOUS service I have ever experienced in my life. The food is what you pay for. At 9-15 dollars a plate, you aren't going to get anything out of this world. I went there with a few friends for a quick bite, and they screwed up 4 out of 5 orders. Not to mention having to ask for the complementary chips, silverware, and side dishes about 10 times. Also, they brought all of our food out at separate times. The first person got his dish 15 minutes before the second. It was just mind boggling that this place is owned by The Bayou, which is one of my favorite stops in Manayunk. Bottom line is, if your going to spend your money for someone else to make you food, spend it elsewhere.First off... The menu says Caesar salad with croutons. A Caesar needs croutons. We had to ask for them after the salad was served to us. Some other girls at another table had the same problem. I thought perhaps it was a new chef or something but now seeing all these bad reviews, I'm not so sure. 
Secondly, they have this advertised deal on the board and the waiter told us all about 25¢ wings... The wings were ok, nothing special. But, here is the problem and we learned a lesson as we don't really look at bills for accuracy all the time. We had already had our card swiped and then I looked at the bill and thought it was pretty high for what we got. I saw that they had charged us 8.95 for the wings! I'd like to give them the benefit of the doubt that it was a simple mistake but something tells me this probably happens a lot. I'm glad I noticed. 
It was nice to be able to sit out on the sidewalk and they will probably still thrive with all the drunk idiots that frequent this area at night.Went here for early dinner with 3 of my friends about a week ago. We asked for a table and the host immediately asked to see all of our ID's. Now, not all of us are 21, and none of us even were planning on drinking at all. Maybe this is standard for manyunk or something since it's a bit of a party area, but i've never had this happen to me anywhere. It was awkward and seemed like they didn't want us there( the place was basically empty at this time, btw). This kind of made me want to leave but I was hungry and like I said the place wasn't busy. Now, i'm not normally that crazy about Mexican, mainly because i'm a somewhat picky eater, but i'm trying to be more adventurous. We explained that we just wanted something to eat and they dropped it and seated us. We were given chips & salsa to start which were pretty good. They have different specials on different days of the week and the day we went was something like $6 quesadillas. So, I figured I'd try that. The quesadilla was probably the best I ever had! It was great and really flavorful. Our waitress was fine, not memorably great or bad. Not sure if I would come back here just to eat because of the awkward seating thing, but like I said the food was very good.Me and my boyfriend went there Saturday for my birthday just to try something new and it was ok. I believe it was the day of the festival so there was a lot of outside seating and they used disposable plates and cutlery. My appetizer was delicious. I had ordered the Texas Shrimp which consisted of 6shrimp in a spicy butter sauce that came with dipping bread. The shrimp could have been seasoned but the sauce with bread is delicious. I didn't enjoy my beef tacos . It was more of steal which tasted like vinegar . I'll give it another chance in a week or two. The service was great. Didn't receive salsa and chips however.Having grown up with awesome Mexican food in California I'm not a huge fan of tex-mex. We were in the neighborhood and I was craving a sangria so here we were. Great attentive service!! Nice table outside for people watching. Food was ok.
 I wasn't a big fan of my water downed sangria and was sad to see no fruit in the drink. Although at $3.50 a pop (it was 1/2 price sangria day) it worked for me. They had bottles of Negre Modelo (one of my fave beers with Mexican food) which was awesome. 
My husband had the pulled pork enchiladas which were yummy. Not awesome, but definitely good, especially with the beer. I had the chicken salad which was ok. The flavors were overpowered by the onion and I couldn't really get a sense of the chicken salad. Chips were good, salsa was kind of bland. Great addition to the neighborhood and great place to grab a drink (skip the sangria). Ok for food.I shouldn't be too harsh since this place just opened a few days prior but the bar was understaffed with bartenders that were not familiar with the menu or drinks. The group I was with waited for 30 minutes for 2 margaritas! Trying to get a drink at the bar was pure mayhem not to mention the bartenders were constantly looking at the menu to see what was in the drink that was ordered or how much something cost. Oh yeah...one more thing, paying for a $4 beer with a $20 and getting change in all dollar bills...not so cool. I will say the food looked good but I didn't eat while I was there. I am a big fan of mexican so I'm sure I'll give this place a fair chance once it gets off its feet.Cactus is a great, casual tex-mex on Main Street in Manayunk. Nice beer selection, great as a restaurant or just for drinks at the bar.Went with friends last night for the first time. We all wanna get back there ASAP, such a fun night. Colleen, our server, was really great. Not only was she super genuine and nice, she took great care of us and our order.
Margaritas tasted fresh, we got a few pitchers...gotta say Im pretty sure they were weak.
Pork soft tacos were very good, split them with a friend and totally wished I'd gotten my own.
My other friend got the five alarm burrito, he was disappointed it wasn't spicier. Don't worry he just drenched it in hot sauce- so no harm done.
I'm a big fan of Mexican food. This is a great casual spot, gotta get back on a Monday for $10 pitchers.Food was alright, service was horrible. Still waiting for our check back 20 minutes after giving our waiter my card.Miserable.   Server was painfully slow.   We asked for a sugared rim,  got a salted one.   Chicken enchiladas were overdone and crunchy.   Salsa is too smokey.   
Definitely not coming back.   
Still looking for a good Mexican restaurant.This was the worst Mexican food I ever had in my life. Taco Bell is more appealing. I knew from the chips and salsa that it wasn't going to be good and I should have left but didn't. Playing it safe, I ordered chicken quesadillas but they were awful. It seems like they use a mix of cheeses and it isn't good. Service was good and prices are reasonable but the food isn't edible.We LOVE this place!!!!! They always have great food and drink specials and it's always a good time!I used to come here on Sundays for a delightful brunch with friends but I now refuse to. I've gone on other nights as well. It's just not good. The food is ok. The drinks are alright too. I used to love the sangria but on more recent visits, it's always seemed like something was missing. The wings are great, but not worth it when there are so many restaurants in the area. What really gives this place two stars is the lack of decent service. It's terrible! Every time I'm there it's terrible. Once I had a server make a mistake on my food and she said I'd have to pay for a new order. Why? I didn't mess up, you did! Her reasoning was that they aren't corporate so they can do what they want. Umm ok. I'm glad you don't care about your customers. I want to try it again. Maybe they've gotten better, but it's just so hard when, like I've already said, there are so many better restaurants nearby.I wish I could give zero stars, as many people before me have also suggested. The bartender on this particular Saturday was the most rude and incompetent human I've ever encountered. Three of us had to send drinks back because they weren't what we ordered. When I asked for a water, he made some sarcastic comment that made me feel extremely uncomfortable. What an unwelcoming environment. You guys suck.This place is terrible. The manager was yelling at its employees in the middle of the  establishment. The food was not fresh at all. The rice tasted like it was leftover from last night. Chicken was disgusting and dry. The breakfast buffet looked more pathetic than a complementary hotel breakfast. I will never eat here again and suggest you don't make the same poor choice as me.Update: I have eaten the food. Cactus gets another star for that!
First off, the fajitas. The servings are HUGE and all the fixins come out sizzlingly hot. My only minor gripe was the way the lettuce, sour cream, etc came out all on one plate. It made putting the fajita together a little tougher if there was something on there you didn't want.
But the real gem, crazy as it seems, are the firecrackers. See, I love poppers. They're spicy, fried and filled with cheese which basically makes them meet three of my four major food groups (the other being chocolate, of course). But the firecrackers aren't the wimpy frozen things you get at any pizza place in town. Oh no, these are huge singe-your-mouth peppers filled with a wonderfully melty gooey blend of cheeses and fried to crisp perfection. They're messy, certainly unhealthy and burn even my mouth a bit, but they are by far the best cheese-filled pepper concoction I've found.
Firecrackers = worth a whole new star.
(Was tempted to write about the firecrackers without giving an extra star, though, just to reflect the irritation I feel with their frequent and lousy guest bartenders. I don't care how cute she is, if she can't pour my drink and take my money get her the hell out from behind the bar!)This is the 2nd time I've gone to Cactus. The 1st time was underwhelming too, but we were willing to give it a 2nd chance because they offered make your own bloody mary's during brunch. Well, they apparently stopped doing that and the result was the worst bloody mary I've ever had. It literally tasted like it was water and horseradish. Couldn't taste any tomato or vodka; I didn't finish it. My gf's mimosas mediocre (according to her). Her huevos rancheros tasted plain, if not bad. My chorizo omelette was not good either. The chorizo was dry, the eggs tasted like a mix, and the cheese wasn't even melted. I don't like leaving bad reviews, but this place deserves it; don't waste your money. 2 stars because the server was great and it wasn't her fault the food and drinks weren't any good. Will not go back.My family and friends have been coming here for years. The staff is friendly and informative. Food is amazing. The burritos .... oh my .. 35 cent wings oh my.... daily specials oh my ...lol just come here and ask for Tony the bartenderThe margs are good. We had a few appetizers- I wasn't a huge fan of their fundido- it seemed to have more of an italian sausage in it rather than chorizo,  the guac was slightly bland, the salsa was very good and their shrimp dish was good but seemed more Italian then Mexican. All in all it was a good experience.I have had a real mixed bag of experiences at Cactus. When I have come in with my roommates who are regulars, I receive kind, prompt service, and tasty drinks. I really enjoy the weekly specials, particularly the Margarita Mondays. The Cactus margarita has a touch of orange that adds just the right amount of juicy sweetness. 
Other times, I have had really bizarre and slow service. Recently I came in for an early lunch and the waitress pointedly asked for ID...at noon...on a weekday. Not that I am under 21, but sometimes I bring friends there that are underage and I don't understand why they need to be ID'd to enjoy a meal, especially before dinnertime. Not that the food there is exceptional. I enjoy the taquitos and the fajitas the same way I enjoy Qdoba, Chipotle, etc. Just generic Tex Mex fare. I would give Cactus 2 stars but some of the folks there are extremely nice and I do like to come in for drinks, just not dinner.What the actual f. I came from Houston, Texas. Looking to enjoy a nice margarita and some basic Mexican food. My expectations were not that high, obviously. But when I say worse margaritas ever... Honey, was there even tequila in it?  It was watered down and frothy. Food was tasteless. I'd rather eat Taco Bell. Everything was as though it came out of a can. Server was nice but oh no, the food and Ritas were hideous.Every time some other place has a wait, we give up and go here- never have a problem getting a table, and there's outside seating. Pricing isn't anything to rave about, but on Main Street it's hard to find a good deal. 
The server was super friendly, and dogs are welcome on the patio. I had their chili, which was okay, and my fiance had the enchiladas, which he said were a little burnt. The chips and salsa were pretty solid. Inside has a bar and some entertainment stuff, with a specials board that includes drinks and cheap wings.The chips and salsa here are awesome - best salsa dip I have ever had. I wonder if they make it because it tastes so refreshing.  The Mexican pizza (with chicken) was OK.  When we came it was so busy that service was so bad.  But the food was good enough that I would come back again. Oh the nachos and cheese were good too. It's saucy cheese too, none of this slices of velveta melted on top where it hardensCactus has by far the best burritos in the city. Bartender Tony is the best.... Specials every day of the week...Oh yea don't forget about the tequila flights ....My overall experience with Cactus was mostly okay. It's a great environment for catching up with friends over drinks for a couple of hours. To start, they give you an ample amount of chips and salsa. The salsa itself had a nice bite to it (I personally love spicier foods, so if spice isn't your thing, take it easy). For food, I ordered the Chorizo Pub Burger, which was outstanding. The chorizo patty was nice and crispy on the outside, with a nice juicy center. Our server was also very sweet and attentive. My only issue with this place was the bartender that was working. The ratio of margarita mix to tequila was very inconsistent, with a taste equivalent to overly sweetened lemonade with barely any alcohol. When we kindly requested the bartender add an additional shot (we even stated we were willing to pay extra if we had to), he gave us a sour attitude about it and proceeded to talk about us to his coworker. To me, that just shows poor customer service skills. Word of advice: if you're going to complain about customers, do it out of earshot next time. If there's a different bartender next time around, I might feel inclined to return because the food was decent.We thought we'd try the spot out since we've walked by often. Now kinda regretting it. Service was slow, food mediocre and on top we were charged for drinks we find have.This review is not coming from just one visit. This is on 3 separate occasions. Watered down drinks. Could make better at home. Food was not even mediocre at best & service sucked given we were the only ones there. Waiters spent more time talking to each other rather making sure if we were ok. Would not recommend even on a drunk nightWhen I went to use my free app offer that yelp gave me no one knew what to do. I eventually got some really horrible nachos and service. The only redeeming part of this place is when DJ Ronnie is upstairs.This place is great to go for Margaritas or if you're in the mood for Mexican food.  They have jalapeno poppers that are full sized jalapenos stuffed with multiple cheeses and fried.  They are different than any other popper I've ever had and so delicious.  The deals on Margaritas are spectacular and the chips and salsa they serve are just great!Food is great! Serving size is pretty good. Beer is a bit pricey, but they have a good selection.Ate outside so can't speak to the experience in the restaurant.  However the food (fajitas) were tasty and the service was prompt.  Seems like a good place to chill.Awesome guacamole, the cactus nachos with sweet corn (we added chicken) is delich too! Great vibe, great service. We'll be back soon!Recently had a great lunch here.
I can only comment on the fare since it was a workday, but both my mom and I were pleased! We ordered the shrimp quesadilla and fish tacos. Enjoyed both dishes! There was plenty of shrimp on the quesadilla and they provide you with homemade salsa and several hot sauce options which I love. Those weren't homemade, but that's no biggie for me. I will definitely be back here again. Next time, I'd like to try their margaritas! They have a ton of different specials listed on the wall too. Wish I lived in walking distance. Seems like it would be a great happy hour spot.Been here a few times, and have always had a pretty awesome experience. Enjoyed the veggie options- mushroom quesadillas and tacos. I've always had a good experience and service here - sat at the bar once and had some amazing margaritas. Katie the bartender knows what she's doing! She was super attentive and friendly. I'll definitely be returning soon!Not a great experience. Very mediocre Mexican food. Slow service but that was acceptable given the crowds of people trying to eat during the Food Truck street fair April 12th.Chips and gauc are great. Chips and salsa were great too... Not to spicy! Cool staff awesome atmosphere.The outdoor seating is ok.  Kinda stinks to have people walking through as you eat.  They could place tables better.
This place is perfect for snacking and getting some marghs.  We usually get chips and salsa and wings.  The selection of margh flavors are great.  Very refreshing.  They will do skinny margh for you if you ask.This is the only place on Main St I'll go to. Great food, great specials, strong drinks and the friendliest staff in Manayunk. I recommend it to everyone.I have always had great service , and great food. Tortilla chips and salsa are so tasty. $2 Taco Tuesdays and .25 cent wings Wednesdays cannot be beat.Not really one to write bad reviews but this place is not good at all. Our server was super nice though only plus. The salsa tastes like weird BBQ sauce, the chips tasted stale. And our tacos were pretty much inedible, Taco Bell would of been fresher for sure. Totally disappointing if your looking for Mexican  don't go here, every type of meat we got in our tacos (chicken, ground beef, pulled pork) tasted and looked old and weird.The service was great but the food was TERRIBLE. I had the driest chicken in my tacos and cant tell if the corn tortillas were either old or poorly defrosted, I'm not sure, but they were chewy in a bad way. I was really disappointed overall and don't care to revisit. At least we got free chips and salsa when we sat down.The restaurant is cute and cozy. I ordered the beef tacos. They were good, but nothing crazy about them. The rice tastes kind of strange to me. The tortillas were cold, like they didn't warm them up or make them in the restaurant. My friend ordered a burrito bowl, and the portion was small despite the waiter insisting it was a huge bowl. They do have some great drinks. I really like the prickly pear. I would go back for the drinks and the chips and salsa. Perhaps I will try something else on their menu since this place is always packed.First time coming to Cactus and we loved it! The bartender (Colleen?) was amazing, she went over all of the specials and really made it a great experience. The $4 well drinks $10 mixed drink pitcher's on Friday's are life changing, and the half-priced appetizers were great! The jalepeno poppers were way too spicy for us to even eat, which was disappointing, but the rest of the food was great (and cheap!). The nachos w/ pork and guac were our favorite.Stopped in for lunch today, and thought it was good. Unfortunately, the bartender was also the sole server, so things moved very slowly. We had to wait 15 min or so for our drinks, and then about the same to get our orders in. 
Service aside, the food was pretty good. The salsa they give you with the chips is actually among the best salsa I've had in Philadelphia. We both had sandwiches -- pulled pork for Wife and chicken club wrap for me. Both were very tasty, and I would def eat here again. It also looks like they have good drink specials during the week.
Would probably stop back in again.I'm not going to lie I was very surprised how good the food was here. I had steak fajitas and a margarita and wasn't disappointed the least. I enjoyed my meal and will definitely be back soon.So my girlfriend & I came in during the Manayunk "Stroll the Street" event. Cactus Only had 1 appetizer available for the $5 special & it was a cheese dish. What if I was lactose intolerant? Why isn't there a cheese free option for the special? Or why wasn't that clearly explained on the door, sign or via rude ass doorman. But fine we order & our food was less than ideal (how do you mess up your signature wings??). All waitresses seemed very scattered. They didn't take our order right away. Another waitress was cutting oranges on the bar counter with NO CUTTING BOARD & didn't wipe it off after she was finished. Then proceeded to dig in her ear; YUCK especially from a lady!!!
I WONT be back. EVER.  #MrProTipWalking in the door Leah was very helpful .Look only a few Mexican restaurants that give you free free chips and salsa. Apparently the morons in the Northeast can't figure this out but these guys got it. I mean you're not breaking the bank, it's a snack with a $10 Margarita pitcher... oh wait this was a random Monday afternoon. Bartenders were phenomenal. Our servers Colleen and Ryan did a a great job of taking care of us. Margarita's not too sweet salsa awesome. Perfect snack stop in my case 5 hours.Good local place for some above-average mexican food and drinks. Nothing to blow you away, but a tasty/cheap taco tuesday and other entrees are pretty solid as well. They host a $8 brunch buffet on Sunday. The bunch is good for the price and it's $2.50 bloody marys and mimosas. Bring your crew here for a good hangover breakfast at 1/3 the cost of the brewery brunch (although theirs is definitely better).Not a bad place to go and hang out at in Manayunk. They have a stellar wing special on Thursday (35 cents/each) and the wings are pretty big and are definitely delicious. Drink specials aren't too shabby either, and they give you free chips and salsa when you go in!!!!This place deserves your attention. Locally owned, full of craft beers (that are good), a LOT of food, beer, drink, margarita specials.  Food is good, good bang for your buck. This isn't a romper-room full of the kiddies like Mad River. 
Like the ambiance, love the tacos and salsa. Will be back!The pitcher of sangria was delicious! We ordered the chips and guacamole and they were only ok. There was nothing special to them.This review is strictly for quizzo Thursdays.
$.35 cent wings and $4 mega mugs with $3 refills starting at 9 pm - can't beat it. 
The wings are pretty great, not too spicy but definitely a lot of flavor. Always a couple good drafts to pick from for the mega mugs. 
Quizzo literally never starts at 9 - more like 9:30 but it's a good time. Get there early to grab a table if you're with a group because it's a lot of high tops and bar seating. There's also an upstairs area.
Tony the owner is great and all the waitresses have always been really attentive and nice. I would definitely recommend for a solid weekend activity!Absolutely horrible.  The chips were stale.  The food is overpriced and terrible.  The service was the worst I've ever experienced.  We were finishing our beers, and the server asked us to "order something else" if we wanted to continue to sit there...this is after paying $50 for a crappy meal.  I don't know who the server was the evening of 9/1 for the outside tables, but I would recommend a new staff.Yeah so, the service sucks and the cleanliness isn't in accordance to a few servsafe guidelines... (Reference the picture I posted)Soooooo some people get so offended because they're not related to on a personal level. Tony is thee Coolest Guy I've ever met. Someone you can argue about sports with but then get advice from like an uncle. On top of great food?!?! What more can you ask for??? The salsa?? Omg you definitely know it's home made. Please ignore the rude reviews. This place is awesome!! I've been a regular for at least 4 years. Can't wait to come back. I'm always well taken care of...Food is mediocre at best - somewhat tasteless.  What's worst is that the waiter is totally incompetent.  Would not recommend and will not return.My boyfriend and I were excited to try this mexican restaurant in Manayunk, however, we were HUGELY disappointed. Once we sat down we looked at the menu and wanted to leave but our waiter brought us stale chips and salsa so we thought we should stay. We went on a Sunday morning so I ordered coffee. The waiter said he had to make a pot which I should have taken as a bad sign. I guess its my fault for still ordering it and at a Mexican restaurant. Once I finally got it it pretty much tasted like tar even with excessive amounts of splenda and cream. So on to breakfast. I ordered the breakfast burrito which the waiter said was the best thing on the menu. It tasted like rotten eggs. There was no salsa or any other condiments to cover up the awful taste It's basically fake mexican and you should just drive a bit further to Northern Liberties and go to Dos Segundos if you want good mexican cuisine!Was in town for business and stopped here for dinner on a Monday night. Monday happens to have a lot of specials including $10 margarita pitchers and $8 fajitas. The margaritas were awesome, fajitas were great, although didn't come out on a sizzling plate, which I was expecting. Service was very good, prices were reasonable and the food was tasy. I'd definitely go back or reccomend it to friends for a fun dinner out.Owner was tending the bar and although it was somewhat slow the owner honored his free app and bought a round on the house due to his slowness.  He's a good guy and you should definitely try the firecrackers because they are great but will mess you up!!! It's a challenge! Always a good time here!!I wanted to eat here with with friends during the food festival but as we were politely asking to be seated.The( manager) told us "he will decide who eat at his restaurant" in very awful attitude.I mean, I was ready to drop some dollars looking at their margarita menu but with that attitude we left.Hopefully that manager have been replaced since then.While out with my fiancee and some friends at the bayou bar and grill the manager Tony told my fiancee that he "doesn't deal with Puerto Ricans" and that she should "shut up if she wanted her drink" because she informed him that a word on his menu was spelled incorrectly. When I approached him about it he told us to get out of the restaurant. While leaving the business we all witnessed him turn a African American couple away because they "weren't serving anyone else" but he then allowed a white male enter when the couple walked away. I've been here many times before with my coworkers and never had any issues but we will not be returning as long as he works there.Stopped by for an early dinner on a Thursday night, so the place wasn't that crowded. Their beer selection is great. The service, food, and management leave a lot to be desired.
In over two hours of sitting at our table, I was able to obtain exactly two beers. It took over ten minutes for our server to tell me that they were out of the first beer I ordered. After waiting over fifteen minutes for him to return with the second bottled beer I ordered, he asked me if I wanted another of my first beer because he forgot I had already asked for something different. After that, I waited another fifteen minutes for it, ten of which the beer was sitting on the end of the bar perhaps fifteen feet away. I probably would have tried five or six of their premium beers. Everyone else at the table had similar problems, and we never seemed to get any water.
I am rarely displeased with Mexican food, but the quesadillas were the worst I've ever had. The garlic mashed potatoes and citrus chicken tasted the same somehow. The staff bringing things out from the kitchen had no idea which table's food they were carrying. We were constantly asked if we ordered whatever they happened to be carrying, and an enchilada meant for someone in my party ended up going to someone at the table next to us (who immediately started eating it). After waiting for another enchilada to be made, it came out covered in sour cream, when my friend had specifically asked for none. Even though he hates sour cream, he ate around it rather than waiting for a third attempt.
When the bill came, I found that I was charged for the beer they were out of as well as the two I actually had. When I brought it to the server's attention he seemed to know exactly what I was going to say, which was at the least very sketchy. It took quite a long time to get it removed from the check, which our server told us the manager had to approve. The manager was sitting behind the bar on his phone, drinking a beer. He never came over to address any of the issues we had. Somehow a casual dinner ended up taking nearly two and a half hours, and the next time I'm in Manayunk I'll be headed elsewhere.Had to try this place out since Tony C moved from Bayou over to here.  Since I'm a fan of the bayou then Cactus had to be great too.
There's food and drink specials every night.  We got a pitcher of margarita for $10, it was delicious and was plenty for 2 people.  The food was really good and I really have to go back for the lobster fajitas.  They're $8.95 on mondays!!! HELLO!!Amazing service and can not be taco Tuesday. Great ownership and solid food. awesome margaritas.For what it's worth, we didn't eat here. We just went for drinks. It was my sister's 21st so we were also there late.
We actually really struggled to find places to get drinks since it was the night *before* a big drinking night. Thankfully (and why I am giving five stars), they basically strayed open for us. We asked when we came in, how long they'd be open. They said another 30 minutes or so, but when 30 minutes came, we started to get ready to go and the main bar tender told us we could stick around and order more drinks if we didn't mind them packing up some of the stuff around. We were really grateful since nothing else that was still open appealed to us. We ended up staying until 2:00 when, by law, they had to stop serving.
We chatted a bunch with the bar tender and he was great. He had helpful suggestions and a great attitude.
Their food looked good for future reference. So next time I am in Philly and in the area, I'd head back there. Good service is always appreciated.Terrible Margaritas, Spotty Service and Mediocre food just about sums up our experience at Cactus. The guacamole was the only thing that salvaged this place to 3 stars. I ordered the fajitas and got 4 small pieces of chicken (seriously, 4! I managed to make one fajita). Given how overpriced everything was, we certainly won't be returning anytime soon....Food was okay. I loved the chips before hand more than my nachos I had for my meal. Service was good tho. It took a long time for our food to come but I'm not too upset because it is a bar. My friend loved her food and her margarita.Great place. I only went in here for drinks, which were very reasonably priced. The owner overheard my friend and I say that we wanted chips and salsa (it was late and food was no longer being served) and he brought chips and salsa over to us. I am frequently in New Mexico so I know good salsa when I taste some and this salsa was fantastic! I am giving four stars because I didn't get any food besides chips and salsa but everyone that worked there was super friendly and I will definitely be back.