Good food. Alway's consistent. Nice neighborhood place. Friendly staff. They do have a liquor license. We have gone there many times for lunch and dinner.Atmosphere and attitude of the servers is different every time I come. But the Italian food and especially the pizza is by far the best you can get in the area. Deserts are wonderful too.This is my favorite restaurant! I love that they have outdoor seating that makes you feel like you are somewhere different than a strip mall on Bustleton Avenue. They have bocce ball & on weekends they have local bands. 
The food is delicious! My all time fav is the Rigatoni Arriabetta. There pizza is cooked in a brick oven, we like to splurge and get a small pizza as an appetizer. They also have an amazing antipasto that comes in small or large. Make sure you have people to share it with because the small is big enough for 4 people depending on how hungry you are. 
They have amazing desserts, like tiramisu or gelato. Unfortunately, I'm always too stuffed to order any, so I think I may make it a point to go and just get dessert one day. 
The reason I'm giving them 4 stars being my favorite restaurant is that the service is really on the slower side. I recommend this place highly but if you're in a hurry this isn't the best choice.The food was so-so and the service was less than attentive but if you want a semi calm experience do not come here. There was a table of 2 couples that had 3-4 children, ages 5-9, that were running around, screaming, yelling and were uncontrollably- not commenting on the parents lack of control but more the Owners allowance of this behavior. If it were my restaurant I would have asked the parents to control their children or leave... I will never come back here again..Service was slow and unfriendly. all reviews were ranting about there brick oven pizza so we ordered a margherita pizza, pizza came out with no basil or fresh moz cheese. it tastes nothing like pizza oven pizza just a classic pizza shop pie, so disappointed and will never be back so don't botherJust had a baby shower there for my daughter and it was AMAZING!!! The food was delicious, the service was excellent, and the atmosphere was charming.  The staff was so accommodating - personalized the menu for me and packed up everything that our guests couldn't finish so we could enjoy it the next day.  can't say enough - would give it 10 stars if I could!!!!Great pizza. Love the lunch buffet from 11 to 3, it always has at least four or five hot items and a couple of salads plus pizza. During the summer they have bocce courts.The service was bad and the food was only okay. The waiter couldn't do basic wait service such as refill glasses without being asked. He cut us off in the middle of us ordering to leave and go bring someone else their food. The appetizer was brought out at the same time as the meal, so what was the point in even ordering one? There were 3 people eating at our table, and 2 of them had their food brought out and had finished it before the third's even arrived. And again, none of the food was that great so it's not even someplace I would return for takeout.It's a nice hole-in-the-wall gem hidden on the busy Bustleton Ave.. Food was delicious and so was the atmosphere. I like that it doesn't feel like I'm right next to the busy road when I'm inside.  The boyfriend and I went for a late afternoon lunch and even though there was only one waitress, we were still well-taken care of.Food is decent however - Don't sit at bar. Will never come back after how rude and bitchy the Bartender was. Left without ordering anything at all. Absolutely awful customer service. Never have I felt so unwelcomed at a bar or restaurant.I pass this place all the time and I've never thought to give it a try until one of my friends was raving about it and wanted to go. 
I ordered a Michaelangelo pizza and added broccoli- it was delicious!! The thin crust was great and the ingredients on the pizza were well balanced. 
We also ordered calamari which was yummy as well. 
The only reason I gave 4 stars rather than 5 was because our waitress made my friend and I extremely uncomfortable. She was aggressive and I think she was trying to joke around with us, but it came off very strange. Our dining experience would've been much better with a different waiter or waitress. I'll definitely be back to test my theory.I have been coming here for many years now- my mom and dad love this place and they throw a lot of our family get togethers here. The food is good and they always accommodate our large party 15-25 people. The waitress is always pleasant and always tells us jokes. We always seem to get the same waitress and she always works her butt off to make sure everybody is happy and has everything they need. 
The pizza here is great probably 1 of the beat in the Somerton area. The chicken fingers, cheese steaks, french fries, and chicken parmigian is also delicious. I give this place 5 stars you should give it a try you wont br disappointed.Best food anywhere!  The staff is friendly and accommodating and the atmosphere is very nice.   Great service and great food.  I have been eating at this restaurant for at least the past 10 years and I have never had a bad meal.  It is consistently delicious.  I eat there at least once a week and I am always pleased with the quality of the food and the wait staff. The owner is a true gentleman who is always eager to please his customers.  I highly recommend this restaurant!!They have some good food and amazing pizza!!! but last 3-4 times I was there it was like impossible to place an order b/c all waiters were MIA.One of my favorite local restaurants. I always feel like I'm in Europe when I'm here. Authentic Italian food, wonderful brick oven pizzas, friendly servers, and a casual but magical atmosphere with indoor and outdoor seating (plus an enclosed seating patio where you feel like you're outside sitting among the evening sky). They even have a bocce court out back. It's a real oasis in Northeast Philly. The eggplant parm is the best I've had anywhere and you can never go wrong with their pizzas. They often have live music on weekends as well. Tonight they had an excellent acoustic duo. You certainly don't feel like you're in a strip mall in Northeast Philly.Love the food there! 
Parmagana pizza (prosciutto spinach) and steamed mussels with Alfredo sauce and white wine! 
Audience is ok, sometimes very loud but OK in general! Love the live music in the evening!!!We decided to have our rehearsal dinner at michaelangelo's because the food is always AMAZING and knew we couldn't go wrong but I feel the need to say how much they went above and beyond. As usual everyone was raving about the food and the waitress and waiter were friendly, attentive  and so funny. By the end of the night we had guests actually hugging them goodbye. What was extra special was that they brought our nephew in the back and showed him how they made the pizza which was such a cool experience for him. We can't thank you enough for making our night so great best italian restaurant in the areaA great place to dine in. With regard to take out its very disappointing due to the fact that they don't seem to deliver, and even if you wish to do a pickup, there is a limited menu available online. For instance, the pizza is missing from their online menu, and its a shame since they got excellent selection, but I doubt their staff is even aware of this fact. In any regard, fix up your online menu if you haven't already done so since you already lost some business over this as we had to order from another place as a result of this, which should be easy to fix since they do have an online menu on their web site, so just make sure its comprehensive and identical to their regular menu.This is one of my absolute favorite places in the Northeast. It's my little hidden treasure. I've never gotten bad food here--it is always delicious and not overpriced! The service can be a little iffy but if you get a good server, take their name and stick to them. The vodka sauce here is TO DIE FOR. I get it every time. The outdoor seating is super cute at night time. Its always a good choice for a casual night out.We really enjoy this local place. The food is great--I always get the special and am never disappointed. We like to sit outside. Live music on the weekends is nice.Great place, good food! Have been coming here for years! My favorites: grilled chicken caesar salad, grilled chicken Alfredo pasta, fried calamari and scallops in butter sauce! Yum!The food and restaurant itself is ok. The coffee & desserts are great (mostly Bindi brand - bought in not made in house). But be aware that this place is one of  the main hangouts half of the population of the former Soviet states. The other half are planning to go there tomorrow. It is always crowded (because the coffee & desserts are good). It is not as big a deal now because of the smoking ban unless you plan on sitting outside. Also their food is only mediocre and pricy - $10 for a 10" tomato pie is a little steep when it isn't very good.
Just a side note that they, as well as their parking lot, are in a plaza close to Bustleton & Byberry which makes getting in and out of there a hassle especially during rush hours (which is 90% of the day near that intersection)
UPDATE: Ok so I went back here recently (6/5/08) and the service was terrible. I mean bad, slow, & rude. Thus they lose a star in my book. I probably will not be going back.Most recently we hit CM on a saturday afternoon for lunch. The place was pretty quiet as usual in the afternoon. Ordered up a couple of Margherita pizzas.....some of the best you can get anywhere in NE Phila and surrounding suburbs. 8 or 10 visits now under our belt and I still could not tell you about anything else on the menu....The service and decor are fine (nothing to rave or complain about). The pizza is the real star here. I cannot anyone not being impressed.I was a regular here and I have never really had an issue up until last night. Sure the service isn't great, in fact they're quite rude though the food makes up for that. We had a check of $50 some dollars and left $10 for tip. The server follows us out to the car and asks "hey, did you leave me a tip?" when it clearly shows on the receipt that we did so we were like uh yeah we left you $10 and he just says "oh" and walks away...never said thank you, nothing. It was creepy that he followed us out and I felt violated and insulted. This was extremely unprofessional!! I should have just crossed the tip OUT! You cannot follow people out even if they don't tip you a dime! I'm livid & not really sure if I ever want to return and tell everyone I know to never go there ever again!!!Great place for pizza and drinks! I've been going here for quite some time but haven't gotten around to writing about them. This place gets bumping especially in the summer since they have a bocci court and they've won awards for their court actually. This neighborhood joint serves really great pizza and beer. I usually get this huge sandwich I believed named after the restaurant which has prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, tomatoes and roasted red peppers and onions YUM! I'm a SUCKER for fresh mozzarella. It's two meals in one. Great place to meet up with friends so check it out now that the weather is nice. Bonus plenty of parking.Valentine Day - A Real Disappointment - Having been here on many occasions and wanted to go someplace local where I knew the food and service would be good.  I Made reservations, arrived on time and the manager  who was on attendant was down right rude to us which was odd.  He then started to yell at the host who was trying to seat guest.  And then turned and asked if we had reservations and we said yes and abruptly seated us at our table.  We waited 20 minutes before a server came to our table to take our drink order.  Then another 35 minutes for our appetizer order.  Our food took another 40 minutes.  The food and place is usually great and last night was just below their usual standards, their bread was even stale.  The server said that it was an off night for them.  I don't know what the problem was but it set a bad taste in my mouth to not come back for awhile.  A real disappointment.Although I can't say it's absolutely amazing, it's consistent and that counts for a lot. Juliano runs the show and makes sure everyone is happy. On occasion they run out of a special but they we can usually find something we want and the house balsamic is worthy of drinking. If you want something local give it a try.Cafe michaelangelos is good italian food for good prices. They have plenty of parking in a private lot and they are very friendly and helpful. When inside they have a regular dining room then they have a open dining room with big windows and twinkle lights all over with big screen tvs which is real nice in the spring. There is a full out door patio that is great but that can get annoying with the bugs in the spring and summer. There menu has lots of great stuff on it so its worth to try this place if your in the area.I made a reservation using OpenTable and when I showed up with my party I was told they were closing because they had special hours for the day. However, they didn't have anything posted on their website and didn't block OpenTable reservations. Best part, they acted like it was my fault and didn't offer an apology.I love this place - the food is awesome and the staff is super friendly and great.  Never had a bad meal or experience there!  I highly recommend the pizza, pasta, specials - all delish!!  I love their chianti and just think it's a great place.  Can't wait for Summer so we can sit outside and watch the bocce!!!I just love this intimate family owned restaurant. The brushetta and calamari and shrimp diablo, seafood salad, any salad, pizza ..everything I have ever tried here was amazing. My favourite place in the northeast philadelphia. Also, the desserts are phenomenal. Especially the canolli, or sherbet in a peach or a lemon shell. They serve a beautiful assortment of gelato. The outdoor seating is beautiful as you are surrounded by a growing blooming grapevine. There is a lovely bocci area for children. In the cooler evenings and months there are outdoor heaters. Wish they would pave the back parking lot.i always drive by this place so i decided to give them a try & its not bad at all Great place good food,the  service was ok  not over priced quite location  def will give them a visit backFood is really good here! Service is pretty good as well. The only thing i don't like is the plastic tablecloths. They make the place look cheap. Also i think the desserts are a little too expensive for their sizes. 6$ for a small piece of Tiramisu! Also it is a really big place but only 2 bathrooms(which are both for females and males!). Pretty small parking lot too. Great pizza, calzones and strombolis here!I have been on the hunt for a good margherita pizza in my area, and after seeing pictures from other people on Yelp, I decided to give Cafe Michelangelo a try. I ordered 2 pizzas to-go for lunch, 1 margherita and 1 Pollo Rosso. 
The Pollo Rosso (white pizza with grilled chicken, riccotta, and crushed tomatoes) was really good, it had the perfect amount of sauce. The margherita pizza, however, I was disappointed with. There was no fresh basil or fresh mozzarella on the pizza, it really just looked like a plain cheese pizza. It tasted good, but not at all was what I had pictured and would be a traditional margherita pizza. I'm pretty sure I was duped with a plain pizza but paid for a margherita. I had some of my own basil at home, which helped. Overall the food was actually good, but I will have to continue on in my quest for the perfect margherita pizza, and hopefully get what I ordered.Worst service ever.  We were seated quickly as the place was empty.  We were handed menus by the hostess and then no one ever came back.  After waiting 20 minutes and still no service we cut our loses and left.I was at Cafe Michelangelos, With seven people the service was very slow we had to wait for a beer or mixed drinks for a half an hour more each time. He brought out the food some of the food that was cold all ready and when you would if need something even come back 10 minutes later. Bad service. So we decided to give them only 15% tip because of the service .My wife went to the bathroom and when she came out it was mumbling he worked his ass off I did not get a good tip. He bought tip back to our table so we ended up giving them 20% but we would never go back there again.He had weird first thing so I can't remember what it was. One star is too much for that place. I'll give it a half a star. I'm in late 50s I never had a tip brought back to me in my life. I would say he's a waiter in middle 50s maybe they should get somebody younger and nicer. Also the bathrooms were dirty and you could lock the one the bathroom doors since third unisex. They should be ashamed of themselves. I went in there one bathroom and Literally was standing in urine.don't they have cleaners for the place and my wife used other bathroom in main Room she said the floor was dirty and smells like urine.Didn't expect much from a northeast restaurant  but the food is good here. Came here with a party of 7. Rack of lamb, steak, chicken Marsala, and the mussels with garlic sauce!Should have known when the place had empty tables and we still had to wait for a seat there would be a problem. Ordered dinner and was told immediately the pizza may take time because they are backed up. Ok, so we knew that. I got my pre-dinner salad and asked for bread and was told there is none they have to make more. Well when a bit later another table gets bread, again I was told they are making it. Finally got bread after my salad was done. And the wait continues. Almost 1 hr we got dinner and a pizza. I got chicken piccata, two small pieces of chicken in a watery sauce, not bad, not great. For all that wait, I got cold mashed potatoes and lukewarm vegetables.  I asked for hot vegetables, waiter offered to replace entire meal, I told him just the vegetables. He came back and told me they were out of mashed potatoes. So he brought me pasta. And to top it off, someone was smoking a cigar, and nothing was done until a customer complained. I felt bad for the waiter as he had no control over the meal however we never even got an apology from the manager, who was busy having dinner with friends who I heard the waiter tell they were getting a discount. Won't go back anytime soon.I cannot quite say that the service was slow as much as it was absent and inattentive. We ended up taking our food to go and the two pasta dishes were mediocre at best. The chicken sandwich had good seasoning but the fries were undercooked. Certainly not what we were led to believe after reading the reviews.This place, hands down, is the best worst place I've ever eaten at. 
The calamari are seriously just okay, but absolutely amazing (you chew them for endless amount of time). 
Bathrooms are okay for post-calamari distress. 
Pasta fag comes out of a can, but it's still great!!!I love this place and yes as someone said below it is mostly  a Russian area, they do know how to cook Italian duh! I order the vodka sauce most times when I go and it is by far the best I've had!! I've also had he pizza, and their traditional red sauce. The egg plant app is delishious!! This is by far one of my go to places for a quality Italian meal!The food was alright, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't what I was expecting, the waitress didn't come off friendly, and the group didn't like her very much. We went on a Saturday and we're seated right away witch was nice, the overall  environment was nice and relaxed, I wouldn't go there again thoughSince I haven't reviewed this place in a few years (2010?? WOW-times flies), I think its time to give an updated review of my experience last night.
I came here with my family and we sat on the patio near the bar but not directly outside.  This is a beautiful place to have a spring luncheon or summer dinner and the outside area really makes this place special with their bocce court and garden seating.
I started out with a French Martini, which was fabulous as always.  
For appetizers we had:
Shrimp and Octopus salad-drizzled in olive oil and lemon which was pretty good
Mussels in garlic sauce- Good, not the best I have ever had, but solid.
Pasta Fagoli Soup-okay
Main:
Mahi-Mahi in puttanesca sauce over linguine-my husband liked it
Mushroom and Spinach Ravioli in blush sauce-DELICIOUS.
The service from Farouk is always top-notch and the food is never disappoints. Before having a baby we'd come her at at  least once a week and I think I 'm ready to start that tradition up again now that my son is able to sit down for more than an hour.The food is italian :) the crowd is Italian an Russian ;) Great music at night. Fun staff and good drinks! Casual------but us euros we like to get decked out so expect hot ladies :) Lunch is a bit different and they usually have a good buffet. They have an outside with heat lamps and a bocci ball court!Great lively place on Friday night. Brick oven pizza is great, scallops with caper sauce was good but scallops were too small. Lamb and chicken skewers also good but could have been great if they were not a bit over cooked. Still one of the best lunch buffet deals around, the dinner experience was good overall. Looking forward to trying again.Had the weirdest experience at Michaelangelo's on Saturday night. First of all, I should start off by saying that I've never had a bad meal here but Saturday was just weird from start to finish. The first thing that happened was with one of the servers. She asked to hug my 2 year old daughter almost as soon as we walked in. It was awkward and my daughter hugged her but looked terrified and then ran to me. The whole situation felt weird...why is a stranger asking to hug my kid...and why did I let her???? Guess that's a question for my shrink?! Then the same waitress (and she wasn't even our waitress!) felt the need to come over to our table repeatedly and tell us jokes and repeat over and over that she's a stand up comedian and talk about her last set and what she was saying to ppl in the crowd...I felt like I was in the twilight zone....can't I just eat my mediocre dinner in peace?? This happened no less than 3 times. Then, when we finally got two seconds to ourselves we were approached by not one but TWO different women trying to sell us roses and teddy bears....what in the world?! Why was this happening?? Was I at the circus or a baseball game where ppl circle around selling things?? I thought I was just trying to have dinner with my family?? Sorry, Michaelangelo's you have officially jumped the shark. Worst restaurant experience I've had in a long time and sadly at a place that I usually love. My family has been coming here for years. One bonus....our actual waitress (not the innapropriate hugger slash "comedian") was great.I have been here a hand full of times.  Every time was a great experience.  I have had the steak here and dif kinds of pizza with no complaints at all.  I love that they have Palm beer on tap!!! One of my favorite beers that I never find on tap!!  They have mediocre musicians that play.  One time it was annoying to be sitting close to the piano through the whole meal but other times the musicians are good to have in the background. If it is a nice day or night in the summer/spring give this place a try and sit outside on their patio!Great food and staff, it's definitely one of my favorite places to throw a few back and to watch some sports. The Russian crowd everybody here is referring to is no big deal, they're all friendly and haven't ever bothered me.
T.ScottThis place has the BEST PIZZA ever.  The service from some of the waiters can be so-so, but I always ask for a waiter named Farook and get top of the line service.
They have great Italian dishes and the sauces they use are flavorful.  In the spring, and summer they have outdoor seating and a bocce court.  I definitely reccomend this restaurant for a casual night out.Epic fail. Tried to stay in the neighborhood for a date night, and figured we'd give this place a try. Started off with the calamari. It tasted like cardboard. I literally had to take it out of my mouth because I could not swallow it. We ordered the chicken parm and veal parm for our entrees, figuring that these would be pretty tough to mess up. We were wrong. They both tasted like they had been in the freezer for weeks, and the gravy (sauce) tasted like Ragu. Needless to say, we will not be returning.Food is very tasty. I have had the pasta, chicken cesaer and calmari which have all been great. They menu is a little overpriced in my opinion but its really tastey. Great atmosphere with plenty of space inside and out.Sooooo... I end up here periodically because other people in my group feel the food is worth it. I will heartily say no.
I ordered the alla vodka yesterday and it was lacking seasoning. Also it made me sick. Feeling like an old maid we went for a late lunch/early dinner. Being the only meal I consumed yesterday their can be no other culprit. I have spent 90% of the evening yesterday and the morning today being painfully uncomfortable and running to the bathroom. The last few hours have been me chasing pepto-bismol with ginger ale. I know this is way too much TMI. But when you can audibly hear your gut groan and double over I feel others should have a heads up. I might understand if I had gotten the food from their lunch buffet but we ordered from the menu. So there it is, I will avoid this place in the future at all costs. 
They get one star for remodeling and updating their decor both inside and outside.We had my mom's 60th birthday dinner here.  They miraculously had a last minute opening after our original (Adriano's) restaurant closed abruptly.  Without this place, I'd be forced to cancel a party I'd been planning for a year.  First off, our servers were top notch.  Carrie and Nia literally went completely out of their way to accommodate our party and decorating needs.  The food was delicious!  From the bread to the salad, pasta, and entrees...even down to the coffee, everything tasted excellent.  Michaelangelo's saved the day!This place is just creepy. The decor is cold and impersonal and the wait staff far from professional. When not otherwise occupied, they stood and stared at us. Our server brought our food and then disappeared. The brick oven pizza was a joke. True, it's a brick oven but I'm pretty sure it's gas fired, so what's so special about that. We were not asked if we liked our food or offered drink refills. We had to ask the bar tender to take our check because of the missing server. Never again, not this place.Definite go to spot. This place covers all bases...good beer, good food, varied menu to cover picky eaters as well as vegetarians and those seeking something a little adventurous...great service. All around a winner.I ate here a few years ago with my best friend while I was planning my wedding. I had the stuffed shells which were delicious. The waitress was nice also. What disappointed me was that I ordered the cheese cake for dessert and the waitress came back saying they were out of it. It wasn't even that late yet.They say you take for granted what you love. I can't believe I haven't reviewed the Cafe sooner. We eat here at least 2-3 times a month. Get their pizza, Caesar salad, add grilled chicken to that, order any pasta dish or just come here for their lunch buffet. You will love it. If you're really lucky, Farook will be your server. He's the definition of customer service. If not, service has always been good. Enjoy!This place is great for dates, family dinners, small and larger gatherings.  The food is good, the staff know their stuff and the atmosphere is delightful.  Its tough in the NE find that trifecta of restruant awesomeness- but cafe michaelanglo pulls it off rather well!
Also their wine list is very reasonable, mixed drinks as well.  You can't go wrong here!Never had bad food at this place. I love the pizza, it's worth the trip. I would recommend this spot to anyone. They have plenty to choose from on the menu.When you pull into the parking lot,  the place appears to be kind of shall but once inside you realize that is actually pretty big inside.  They have 2 inside areas as well as an outside deck area.  We had the fried calamari as well as the brucsetta and both were great and the main courses were enormous.  I would definitely go back and would definitely recommend it to others.Such a Cute place!! Never ordered a dish I didn't like.  I like coming here for drinks with the girls OR dinner with the family - including my 2 kids. Love the ambiance. Only complaint - as much as I love the little outdoor patio area we have usually had to move due to a nasty stink of cigars by some men out there. Not the restaurants fault I just can't take that smell while I'm trying to eat. But to each his own. It's a free country & it seems to be the bocce ball crowd which I find a charming addition as well.
We've had the same waitress the last 2 times. She was very thorough & pleasant. Wish I could remember her name. 
I'd recommend giving this place a shot if you haven't experienced it yet :)Been here quite a few times b/c the little one likes to sit outside and eat her pizza.  The pizza and Caesar salad are good.  But that's about it.  Their pasta dishes are loaded with sauce and lack flavor, crab cakes were very bland, desserts are so so.  Skip it unless you want pizza and salad.I'm surprised nobody's showing any love for Cafe Michelangelo.  Yes, it's filled with twenty-something Russians, and tis true that it can be difficult to get to with the traffic and all.  BUT I LOVE their patio, which remains open and HEATED during the winter.  How awesome is that? =-)  I also enjoy their veal parm.  It's a good place to go on a date.Great pizza the best in the area !!!
This is a great place for all female I just have a good time hear I recommend this place to anybody who like pizza and Italian food !!!
The stuff is very friendly and the food is good
Thank you !!!A traditional little Italian joint, the food drives this place on Bustleton Avenue. Because it's out in the far Northeast, it never really gets noticed from the big reviewers, but I would nominate both Michelangelo's gourmet pizzas and their incredible gelati as some of the best in the region. 
The atmosphere is okay. They try to be more of a date place than a family place, but last time I was in there, they had a guy playing keyboards with some hokey sounding pre-programmed backing tracks -- it sort of brought down the Old Italy feel of the place.
Still, from appetizers to desserts, there's nothing on the menu I wouldn't recommend.Food is amazing here. Pizza is the best and they use the freshest ingredients. It's a bit more pricey then most pizza places but so worth the extra money. Customer service is always great and the waitstaff is very fast and accommodating. If you go, must try the manicotti or the pollo roso pizza which is white pizza wth chicken onions and ricotta cheese. Best time to go to avoid the crowds is during the week before 7pm. Weekends are always crowded and you need a reservation to get a table. They also have very good desserts. My favorite is the cheesecake with chocolate shell over it. My dad likes the flan and my mom likes tiramisuUhhhh. Again. Here for a family party this time. Arrived at 730. Took over a half hour for someone to get a beer... one beer. My friend got the glass for the beer. Then it got taken away. Then brought back. Eventually a pitcher of beer made it to the table. I asked for a pitcher of water for the table (you know, one trip for the server because I've done this before) and was told I have water in my glass. My husband went to the bar directly to get drinks and he said everyone was cancelling their orders because of long waits.  A scoop of pasta was thrown on my moms plate after she said she didn't want any.  The pasta was supposed to be penne Alfredo. Well it was penne. And it was white. And tastes like nothing. Salad was swimming in dressing.  My husband and I left at that point. 930. Entree wasn't even served yet which my mom told me was tough as shoe leather. 
I don't why this place is in business. They have made an appearance in the Dept of Health's "list" a few times and it is public information so feel free to do your own research.
Service is horrible. Management does not care. 
Food is not great. The do have a wood fire oven. Get the margherita pizza. It's an ok looking place. It's convenient place to hang out if you live in the far northeast, which is why I think this place is still open. Expect to wait at least 30 mins for a drink and have no expectations of customer service... like any... at all.
See link for the dept of health inspection March 2017
https://pa.healthinspections.us/_templates/551/RetailFood/_report_full.cfm?inspectionID=D656C6E8-9F0F-BD1C-0B0E65A9995AC198&domainID=551&userID=0Worse experience the last few times I came here, today was one of the worse times too. So I went in with my party of 6. We were seated sorta right away which was the only plus about tonight. 
We arrived around 530pm and must have had a new waitress because she was terrible. She was constantly dropping our items and bringing us the wrong things. She basically dropped the plate of chicken fingers and fries all over my mom and the fries were on the table, she didn't offer to bring us new fries or anything like we were supposed to just pick up the fries and eat them off the table. 
We also ordered a white pizza that was supposed to have crushed tomatoes on top and the pizza came and had nothing on there, we had mentioned the missing tomatoes, to only be told we basically looked at the menu wrong and that wasn't an ingredient on the pizza (um okay, yea right). So we were upset about it not having the right toppings, and the cheese pizza we had was burnt on the bottom.
 When the waitress was going back to grab us bread, my sister was watching her on the cash register, then going to cut up our bread without gloves after she just handled the money. When she was delivering the pizza to the table, she then again touched out pizza now, and then again to put our pizza and bread in a box to take home. We just wanted her to stop dropping our food and touching it with her dirty hands. 
This was the worst experience I have had here, and the food seems to be going downhill as well. The pizza was soggy, burnt and tasted gross. More than likely this is my last time I come here to eat.Good experience, first time to this place. Lots of seating indoor and outdoor , live music. We were looking for good coffee but they didn't have much specialty coffees. Ended up getting one margarita pizza and fries, tea, and dessert everything was tasty. Nice hang out spot and good bite. Will go back.While both the food and atmosphere was excellent ,this was not the point of my review. The focus of my review is our beautiful majestic queen of a waitress Carrie. She was the best woman I have ever met besides my own mother. She fed me, she gave me drinks, she gave me a real dessert selection. She was amazing. Her being my waitress honestly brightened my day as a whole. My friends and I came as a spur of the moment decision for a fun Saturday and we were treated as royalty. Carrie deserves the best things that planet Earth has to offer and she should be given more money. She made us feel better on an emotional level and she made me feel like i'm part of the Michaelangelo family. We are already planning our next trip back to visit Carrie.We were there 2 days ago, on Sunday. Our friend made reservations. Life music was nice. Everything else was below any standard. We were sited outside while there were plenty of empty tables inside. Our request to be moved was ignored. The food was mediocre at best. The service was very slow, unprofessional and sloppy. The waiter dropped a dirty fork on my dress and didn't even apologize. I ordered grilled chicken with shrimp. The chicken was as tough as the cardboard sprinkled with dry oregano and shrimp were not only overcooked and rubbery but also over salted. One of us ordered veal. It was raw. We called a manager, but he was very rude. The bottom line if you want to have a beer, it is probably ok place to go. But if you want to have a nice meal, stay away.Sorry it was an accident I've never eaten there.I hope to though.I have heard good things about the food.Take out pizza was a ripoff and thin the box felt like it weighed 6 oz also their Stromboli's are the size of a hot pocket. Expensive and not worth itI wish I could leave less than 1 star to be honest. The food was terrible, the marinara sauce was awful, and it was extremely over priced. Please don't waste your money here, go to the Applebee's on the boulevard and you'll be much happier!This place is a neighborhood fixture, with good food and a great lunch buffet. It has outdoor music and seating. The only problem is that drink prices are a total rip off! I was charged $10 for a stingy pour of inexpensive scotch. When I asked the waitress why the drink was so costly, her response was, "The Russians pay it. So, the owner doesn't care".Their mussels in marinara sauce are my favorite! Place in general is okay, not my favorite. The interior could looks a lot better and more cozy. Half the time I go there during the winter I'm usually cold because it's always not warm enough. Pasta and pizza are also delicious!The host was beyond rude.  Then we were seated.  The waitress was very nice.  She brought bruschetta.  The bread was stale, not toasted.  We ordered.  The salad was tasteless.  The Italian bread was cold and stale.  The entree was chicken.  That was also tasteless, thin with some sort of topping that was unidentifiable (it was described on the menu, but I don't remember what the description for Chicken Michelangelo said).  The Veggies were good.  The mashed potatoes were ok.  The eggplant was horrible said my guest.  I will say the pizza looked good, but we did not have that.  It also took a very long time to get our food.  
Definitely not worth it.worst dining experience . made reservations  for the fine dining look on the web site for a family celebration . instead of being seated inside air conditioned dining room was not in use . We were put outside on a 90 degree day. The food was delivered missing 3 meals, that then arrived 30 minutes after the rest of us were finished  eating When we asked them if anything could be done with the $600 bill due to the extreme heat & mistake & delay of food , the answer was no, take it out of the waitresses tip. needless to say , we will never return.I ordered a pizza a few nights ago for take out. When I got home the pizza was cold (I do not live far at all and picked it up exactly when told it would be ready). The pizza tasted as if it had been sitting out already made for someone and was somewhat reheated poorly and given to me. Not only was it cold but it was super dry and extremely chewy, it felt like I was eating elastic. I called back and told the person on the phone about the pizza being cold and it shouldn't have been cold considering the time frames. She offered to give me a free pizza the next time I ordered from there. Unfortunately the pizza was so bad I don't even want it for free. And to top it all off, all night I had the worst stomachache from that pizza and it's rare for me to get severe stomach pains like I did, I only experience it when the food is not fresh. Considering the price I paid and what I received is unacceptable. I definitely will not be ordering from there again.Lil disappointed with this place food wise. The house salads were served to us with browning lettuce, a piece of tomatoe and 1 piece of cucumber each. The pasta was ok, but nothing exceptional. I guess I just wanted/expected better. 
Service was excellent however and parking was easy enough.