This place is nice, the food here is very flavorful and delicious ! I would say come here for a nice bowl of heaven.I have only tried Bun Bo Hue here. It's very small restaurant, but I don't care about the size of the restaurant as long as they have good food! I have eaten in the restaurant and ordered to go! This is hands down the best Bun Bo Hue in Philadelphia!
You know how when you order the food to go and it doesn't taste the same as eating in the restaurant? Well, not here! I remember ordering a large Bun Bo Hue to go and they definitely give you a lot of stuff! They separate the stock from everything else to prevent the noodles from getting soggy so all you have to do is boil the stock and add everything in it. It still tasted delicious and you can tell that everything was so fresh. In addition, it was nice and spicy!
Also, it's more on the expensive side and they only except cash, but I'm willing to pay for quality and a good bowl Bun Bo Hue.
Definitely go here to get your Bun Bo Hue fix on!This is the real deal. I walk in and hear Vietnamese 80s dance music playing at a moderate sound level. I get the universal signal of sit wherever you'd like and I took a seat in the front. The waitress comes over with no menus, only her pad. I try my hardest to order in Vietnamese their special Bun Bo Hue but the questions about if I wanted everything started to get tricky. For some reason she switched to Mandarin which I am equally as bad at speaking. I tried switching to English with no avail. After an exchange of half broken Vietnamese and Mandarin, my order was ready to go, Bun Bo Hue the small size with everything, make it spicy... To drink, complementary iced green tea. I think. 
You get a plate of basil and another herb Vietnamese coriander that I normally don't see but appropriate for Bun Bo Hue, with bean sprouts and a lime. So far so good. They brought out a glass bowl of an almost perfect Bun Bo Hue, loaded with different cuts of pork and beef including a ridiculously tender slice of pig's feet, cha lua (pork roll ham), soft beef tendon, and thin sliced beef brisket. The only thing missing are some pork blood cubes that would've made it slightly more authentic. The broth was extremely flavorful with fresh chilis adding to the right amount of heat and onions. You need to pull all the herbs from the stem and fold them into the broth. Also break up a handful of bean sprouts to add in for crunch. Then with a squeeze of lime; that's the proper way to eat it and it's so good. 
Even though the language exchange was a little silly, the food speaks for itself and the people are very nice and accommodating. Definitely have to return.This is definitely a local whole in the wall, so I had high hopes. There was a lot of family members around. The waitress walked over and asked what we wanted, we asked to see a menu, which came hand written (not even xeroxed - someone worked a lot!).
We had the bun bo hue ($8.50) and hu tieu ($7.50) - someone else wrote the bbh was 5.50. Basically everything on the menu except the bbh was $7.50, which is a little higher than most places nearby.
The waitress asked in Vietnamese if I could handle all the meat in the bun bo hue, including the cubes of coagulated blood. The answer was yes as I love blood cubes.
Anyway, when the bbh came out there was no blood. I was disappointed and thought maybe she didn't think I could handle it. The rest of the meat was fine, though the tail was a bit tough. The bbh broth was very clear - I'm used to it being red and spicy. It was flavorful but weak. I'm also used to bbh coming with a copious garnish of lime, bean sprouts, shredded cabbage, and shredded banana flower. This came with lime, bean sprouts, basil, and chili, which to me is more of a pho garnish.
The hu tieu came with pho noodles (rather than wide noodles or egg noodles, which are preferable for this) and the broth had too much fish sauce. It did, however, have a lot of shrimp (I think 7 pieces).
Our soups came in glass bowls (smaller than pho bowls) filled right to the brim. I didn't know if this was supposed to be aesthetically pleasing, but I prefer the pho bowls and a little space so I can add my garnish and mix it up.
I had a bit of an msg attack, which means they used too much. They were, however, gracious in that they brought a pot of iced tea since we chatted for a bit after finishing. That was better service than most Vietnamese places where you'd sit there undisturbed.
There was a couple leaving when we got there, a couple that ate and left while we were there, and a couple that came in when we were almost done. An elderly couple, they both ordered the bbh.  The man added a lot more fish sauce to his broth. I watched them carefully, to see if there were any blood cubes in their bbh. But there was none, so I guess they were out and I wasn't being slighted. 
Overall, the bbh was ok, the ht a bit lacking. I more likely to go to Nam Phuong instead.Got the BBH and it was delicious. Definitely got the spice kick and this place gives you a lot of meat. A regular size bowl ($9) will fill you up unless you are extra hungry and want the large ($11). Also they serve you cold tea which is nice. The place is small so not the best place for a large crowd if during busy hours.Cafe Diem is known for their infamously spicy noodle soup or in vietnamese, Bun Bo Hue. If you particularly ask any Viet person where to go just for this specialty in Philadelphia, 9/10 they will most likely say Cafe Diem. I'm not going to lie, my family and friends as well as myself "used" to be regulars here.
Since I've seek a new profound spot that makes it way better than Diem, I pretty much avoided this place. After a year or so, I decided to make a come back visit to see if it was still worth the 4 stars. Sadly, no. This place is over rated. 
Upon receiving my bowl, I see clear broth with a great amount of hot chili oil. The choice selections of meat were good, but the soup contained no flavor. It was like slurping hot water with a kick of thai chili peppers. I'm all about taste and this my friends was just bland. Quite disappointed that I should have sticked to what I know. Head on over to Cafe Nhan instead and thank me later. You'll notice a major difference!Went for an early lunch. The place is very small and was packed but luckily we secured a 2-top quickly. Menu is very limited and only offers variations of BBH.  I wound up getting the shrimp and pork with rice noodles. The provide bean sprouts, sliced jalapeño, and an assortment of sauces to customize your bowl. Overall this was a good dish but the pork was very fatty and there only a couple small shrimp. Flavored were really good and our server was pleasant. It's great that they give each table a small pitcher of water. Not sure why every Asian restaurant does not do this. Vietnamese is probably my favorite cuisine but I am not sure I would come back as I don't like beef tendon and pig's feet both of which are in the BBH.I really do feel sorry for everyone who says this is the best bun bo hue.  They may have the best in philly but if you really want the best bun bo hue, you're gonna have to travel out to Vietnam Cafe in Telford.
Their bun bo hue is good compared to the other restaurants in philly (do not go to Pho Ha for bun bo hue).  They go pretty light on the meat and the broth lacks depth compared to Vietnam Cafes.  If you're really craving bun bo hue in philly then give this place a try.  They recently renovated so its not much of a hole in the wall joint anymore.The infamous Bun Bo Hue (spicy beef noodle soup) was extremely flavorful and generously portioned with savory slices of fresh beef. 
Why I loved it? 
- broth tasted pleasantly natural, with no suspicion of MSG (oh, this matters alright if you're a health nut like myself)
- loved the freshness and abundant thick slices of beef used vs thin frozen slices at other restaurants (gosh, who doesn't love quality meat?) 
**One catch!
I would caution, don't come expecting the standard pho you normally get: 
- no thin rice noodles, but rather they use a thicker, chewier, udon like noodle 
- the spicy taste doesn't come blended into the broth, but they use a handful of red pepper flakes which float at the top of the soup 
I wasn't a fan of this method because my friend and I choked when we slurped the noodles up. Not to mention a red pepper flake ended up being stuck between her teeth... So watch out if you're on a date here! ;)Best BBH (bun bo hue) in Philly. Don't bother getting anything else. Nothing I can say that hasn't already been said in other reviews. Couple things to keep in mind. 1) Cash only 2) If you can't speak Vietnamese, be ready to point at the menu since they don't speak English well. 3) You will most likely splatter on your shirt so be prepared for some grease stains. Other than that, get the spicy and enjoy!Two words: hidden gem
Being a proud South Philadelphian, I know of all the Vietnamese treasures. I can tell when someone is a real food lover if they know of Cafe Diem's BBH. 
Go on a cold winter day and have the amazing spicy noodle soup with an order of the refreshing coconut juice... Remember to wear clothes you don't care much about because the broth will splash and stain!Yea this place is the bees knees.
Pretty sure they hate me now because my group was super loud and the place is super tiny. There are about 10 tables in the joint and we had to wait about 30 min to get seated at 1 of the 2 tables that can seat 6.   Got a menu?   Who cares.  I'm pretty sure all they sell is Bun Bo Hue.   Just get it.   The oily, super spicy broth will make you sweat and your nose run.   I went for the safer Bun Bo Hue with sliced beef only (Bun Bo Nam?).  It's not the authentic experience with hock ,liver, tripe, etc, however, it was still super delicious.  One thing I do wish they had were some apps to compliment the soup, like spring rolls or papaya salad.  But I understand.  I can never go back to Pho now.First, lemme start by saying their hours are absurd! They're not actually open until 7, so call. Every time I call its different. The ONE time we were able to go its because they were taking their last table at 6:15 (which was their latest). 
This pho is unlike any in philly, in a good way. Since going to Vietnam, I have serious issues finding pho that isn't entirely bland. Order the Bun Bo Hue and you wont be disappointed. Its pretty flavorful and they have plenty of the spice works on the table to add some more heat. Be careful about getting broth in your eyes. You may laugh but both of us eating did it! And I was wearing mascara down my face. Ok, it is funny, now. 
Cash only.One of the best spots to get BBH in Philly. This hole in the wall is a gem for those who know about it because they're getting the best BBH that isn't made by their mother. The place is kind of small so if you're going during lunch time on a Saturday or Sunday, it can be a little packed and you may have to wait a little bit but it's worth it. The prices are slightly higher than a Pho restaurant at $10 for a small bowl fully loaded or $12 for a large bowl. Service is quick and efficient as well, they speak English so no worries if you don't know the language. Just say you want a small or large bowl of Bun Bo Hue!
If you like BBH and haven't gone here yet, it is 100% a must try. You will be satisfied, please take my word for it.I've heard really good things about Cafe Diem, so I decided to go on one of the coldest day so far in Philly. I ordered the regular bun bo hue, which came out really fast. It was spicy, hot, and definitely warmed me up quickly. The noodles were perfectly cooked, the beef was really tender, and the broth was really flavorful. It was well worth the trip in the cold. 10/10 I highly recommend!Amazing. I came here with my Vietnamese-American friend who promised me really good Bun Bo Hue and it did not disappoint at all. My family is from Thailand and the moment I stepped in I thought "this smells like Southeast Asia" and knew it would be legit. The broth is perfect and the meat is tender. The owner is also from Hue I was told. Don't miss this place if you're looking for authentic delicious Bun Bo Hue!If I need a carb fix and don't feel like getting Pho, this is my go to joint.  The BBH is spicy, savory, and like $9.00.  They also have bubble tea which is also delish!  The service is fast and the atmosphere is no frills. I highly recommend!Not sure how I missed this one. May be it is next door to that aweful duck place. Anyway went in early morning and order three things, BBH, chicken pho, and vet coffee. BBH was right on, coffee is strong like no place else, the chicken pho is so so, I  won't order it again. the meat is chewy so I thought great, free range. But it didn't really tast that good. Not bad though. One highlight, the music. You know most if these vet restaurant always play that whimical surapy stuff. Cafe diem was playing tran at 8 in the morning. 
Menu is small but who cares if the food is good.My local friend suggested this place, and boy! It was good!
I just moved to the East coast from California, so my standard for Viet food was super high, and I was skeptical about this place. I was even more skeptical because their side veggies didn't look like what was supposed to go with BunBo (they served a standard Pho side veggies), but after my first sip of their soup, all my doubts were washed away.
From my first sip, I could tell the soup was extracted from the fatty broth of the beef, making the soup even more savory and thick. Adding the spiciness for satay made the soup even more flavorful. Basically their soup was on point, and up to standard.
The noodles were ok. The meat was great! They gave me a generous portion of meat combinations, for just a small bowl of Bun Bo. Even though my bowl was a small bowl, I had a lot of meat towards the end, more meat than noodles at the the end.
The combination of meat toppings was great too. I had ham hock, beef shanks, pork, at least 5 pieces of pork patties, and at least 2 pieces of tendon, so A LOT of meat.
Maybe they didn't want to shy away from the renowned cheese steaks shops nearby (Pat's and Geno's), so they made the beef slices really tasty and gave generous portions of beef slices haha.
Overall great BUN BO. 
$10 for a deluxe small bowl.You probably come here for bun bo hue, bbh, beef soup, whatever you call it. But dont forget to try out their banh cuon, steamed rice cake filled with minced mushrooms and pork. They usually dont have it during weekdays, correct me if im wrong, but weekends they usually have it. A must try dish!!My parents are in love with their Bun Bo Hue here. The staff is very friendly and nice but the people that come in and out of there are very rude and loud.This place had the hands down best bbh I've ever tried. I've tried a couple bbh at other places but nothing compares to this place. It's cash only and gets really crowded on the weekends.
If you cant handle how spicy their bbh is, get none spicy. Just a warning, if you do order with no spice, expect it to be a little spicy at least! I'm not sure if they make a huge pot of soup thats a little spicy and add more spice later, but every single time I get it with no spice, its expected to be a little bit spicy. I go here so many times that I'm fine with it but just a warning for those that are new to the place. They also serve fresh beansprouts, lime, fresh herbs on the side so you can add on to the bbh. Another plus, is that they serve iced tea (Not your typical american iced tea, its asian tea. Not too sure what kind it is) instead of water! 
Their viet coffee and lime soda is really good as well! My go-to spot whenever I crave for bbh! Staff is very friendly as well.Day trip to Philadelphia from NYC. First stop!! Viet food is better in Philadelphia. 
This place is known for their bun bo hue. It was yummy. They serve it in two sizes. You can have small or large. The soup is a clear broth. The bun bo hue dish comes with pork bones, slices of beef and Viet ham (if you order the special). 
I also had the pho. The soup was not good for the pho.  It tasted sweet. I've had it from here before and it wasn't sweet. I don't know what happened today.#1 best Bun Bo Hue and 2nd best quality pho (my #1 is currently Cafe Nhan). This place has a slight edge over Cafe Nhan with their slightly larger quantity of food. If it's your first time and you like spicy food I recommend the Bun Bo Hue. If you aren't a big fan of spicy food I recommend the Pho (beef noodle soup). I appreciate the cold tea this place and Cafe Nhan serve that most other pho restaurants around the area don't and rather only offer hot tea.  The cold tea really helps reset your taste buds and cools down those spices! Cash only, enjoy!I didn't think this place was as amazing as it's made out to be. I thought the soup was pretty bland, but I guess it's the best BBH you'll find around here. The price reflects the portion size.I work in a food supermarket in south Philly, and their owner comes to the market everyday to get the freshest meat and other food materials. I went to check out his restaurant today and I have to say their BBHs are definitely to die for! I wish they do delivery because I live so far away from it...I don't often review on Yelp. However, bun bo Hue at this restaurant is a must try!! It is very delicious, and has a lot of meat as well. Worth every penny and every mile I drive. Definitely come back moreeeGreat place for Bun Bo Hue, and while I am and not Vietnamese, I have had my share of Vietnamese food from home cooked by my mother in-law to all over LA area and I know this place is good.Best bun bo hue in the city for me. I've tried BBH at almost every location in philly (Cafe Nhan, Cafe Mi Quang, Cafe Saigon, Thanh Thanh) but I always end up going back to Cafe Diem when I have a choice. The broth is perfect, more on the salty/spicy side, which is probably why I like it more than the other places. My body can't really digest spicy food as well anymore so I usually get a stomachache after I eat here... but it's okay - it's worth it. The place is small, not great for groups and parking can be difficult sometimes. Cash only!Hole in the wall place but the inside is renovated and they play some loud thumping Vietnamese techno music which I'm not a fan of but I can get past that to order the bun bo hue here.  I got the large spicy special which comes packed with all types of meat.  The peppers they add are really spicy so if you can't handle spice, you can also order it not spicy.  I also tried the pho here and it's pretty good but I'd come back for that bun bo hue.Best Bon Bo Hue EVER. I'm from NYC and overtime I come to philly i have to hit this spot for a meal AND bring 3 orders home to feed me for a few days. Its so good. Their soup is flavorful and got me licking the bowl after! (not really... BUT ACTUALLY THOUGH). 
Its a tiny spot thats a little funky cause they play Viet pop music and have disco lights on the ceiling. Their bathrooms are so small i had to sit sideways. BUT its ok cause their BBH is off the CHAIN.The Bun Bo Hue is very good, and also quite spicy. I prefer to not get it with pig feet and add in the Vietnamese pork roll instead. The noodles are a great texture and the broth is very tasty.If you like spicy bun bo hue, then you'll probably be  happy here. They do serve non-spicy bun bo hue, however, if you absolutely cannot handle spicy, bring milk. As for spicy bun bo hue, all I can say it may make you break a sweat...or two. I didn't eat it so that's just based on observation.
So the restaurant is small and the most you can squeeze is 9-10 people at the same table. If you have a larger party, then you'll probably be splitting up.
I knocked on the ladies restroon door and was immediately answered by knocks from within. The ladies single restroom was occupied. I believe it was the owner/manager, he graciously said that I could use the men's room.
My first visit to the men's room.
Guys, you're gonna have to sit down for this one. It's a tight space. Not a urinal, just a toilet. Nice and clean too. Didn't see any paper towels after you're done with your business though.
Cash only.Excellent Bun Bo Hue. Their menu is already limited, so I didn't appreciate that they ran out of one of the items, but the BBH did not disappoint. Service is slow, and the place is tiny so don't come with a large group.This place always full for lunch. 
Very small place. 
They don't have a lot menu & all seems the same. 
Well, the top 2 for me are, Bun Bo Hue. But I like with egg noodle than the white/rice noodle too slippery with chopstick lol. 
And the second is the Bahn Cuon, rolled & meat inside. 
The chicken noodle soup was fine but nothing special.They make a solid bun Bo hue. They have other things you can order off the menu but people come here for the bun bo hue. I enjoyed my bowl but it tasted different than what I am use to but it was still good. The noodles are really slippery so it causes a big splashy mess and small little red dots appear on your clothes. It was $8 per bowl so I think they increased prices. Most of the items on their menu was $8. They may be cash only too. Not sure. Don't park in the lot across the street. Apparently they will tow you (according to the owner). The place is small and they cram a lot of tables in there so expect to have a conversation with the strangers next to you. Or at least know what they are talking about. LolBun Bo Hue Guru!!!
I came here on Friday 11/15/13 and I was under the weather. My hair stylist suggested that I place an order of Bun Bo Hue to go. I did exactly just that and I'm not saying that it has healing powers but it was exactly what I needed. The broth was so delicious and the noodles was so different from pho noodles. 
The spice was the perfect doze of what I needed to clear my sinus. I cannot wait to come back and actually eat inside and explore the menu. I look forward to revisiting here and I have a feeling that this will be my new favorite Vietnamese spot in the city.Nested on a busy street corner in Bella Vista, I felt the anticipation build up of what was voted by many as the best Bum Bo Hue. My friend from NY was visiting and her husband had texted her the things to try in Philly 3 days before.  Since the day was cold, and she was hopping back on a Peter Pan to NY later in the evening, BBH sounded like want was needed to hit the spot.  
Indeed it did! The BBH was perfectly balanced. We ordered a side of spicy sauce and the Umami flavors just tantalized all our taste buds. One of my friends ordered the Pho Dac Biet Small and we were actually more blown away by the Pho. This place is a Must Go.Really loved this place and unfortunately it is much better than my go to place in Houston! Nicely flavored, meat was tender and broth was light. It tasted homemade and not overly salty. Had the small, which was filling and worth the quick trek (came right from NYC to try this place). Friendly staff, a bit small inside, but service is quick. Cash only!Cafe Diem hands down probably offers the most authentic Bun Bo Hue in Philly! It could be a little spicy so if you're not too confident abt your tolerance i would definitely ask for a "NO chilly" bowl. They also have really good bánh cun and h tíu khô if you're up for a change :)the bun bo hue here is NOOOO joke!! delicious! but also authentically SPICY!! thank goodness i ordered a mild! and that was still spicy! ...edible spicy... on the other hand, my poor bf wanted the full experience and he was sweating like a fountain! he really underestimated the level of spiciness here.  all the other diners seem fine.  so i guess we were the weakest links here... 
most of the things on the menu were $8.  they also offer regular pho and rice dishes.  unfortunately, we did not see the deep fried spring rolls which i was craving at the time.. but no biggie, every other viet joint has it but this one specializes in the bun bo hue which is even more awesome :]This place is the best I used to come here after school for some awesome and delicious Vietnamese hoagie and bun buo hue. The place is very calm and soothing where u can enjoy your food in peace. Also the workers here are so nice. For an asian I tried out a lot of places but this place has the best food for a cheap price.Going to this little restaurant was my first time trying Vietnamese food, and I am happy to say I was far from disappointed. It is a small eatery as I had previously mentioned, but that quality lends to its charming homey feel.
Since it's family run, they try very hard to provide good service which I definitely appreciate. One of my favorites are the spicy beef soup (about $7.50 so the price is very decent). It is just so tasty and flavorful, you will want to order another one. 
I always suggest this place when friends and I are trying to figure out where to go eat, and anyone new to Philly, I take them there as well. Not one person has come out that place not liking what they had.
5 Stars is an understatement!I been here a few times and like everyone else I get the Bun Bo Hue. It is good and keeps you warm during the cold months. The place is small hole in the wall and it's cash only but great food and inexpensive so I can't complain. My friends love it and I am happy to come back.Newly renovated, and better than ever. It is modern, clean, friendly, and more open than before. But it is still the same price, taste, spicy, and magnificent bowl of Bun Bo Hue. 
I share the same sentiments as many veterans/survivors of Cafe Diem, and that is we wish we never wrote a review on the place now its becoming such a hot spot! I really need to talk to the owner about expanding or putting another branch somewhere larger and closer to my house... Like next door?
P.S.
If anyone works for the liquor control board, you should slip their name in as the approved category for a liquor license.... Some 333/Saigon/Tiger would make me rent the room upstairs for life...I thought I had found my favorite bun bo hue (BBH) on Oregon Ave. I was wrong! Cafe Diem make the best BBH in the city, hands down. What makes it so good is broth, noodles, meat, and chili peppers. Many Vietnamese restaurants excel in one of those areas, but Cafe Diem's version of the dish outshines all of them. 
Any time you need a good, hot, and spicy bowl of beef noodle soup, head to Cafe Diem. It's great for the winter and right next to a free parking lot!Ok, so I would've gave a 5 if it wasn't because we were told we can only order takeout when there was still half an hour left til closing. I mean, you probably would've made more than $10 from my boyfriend and I if you let us stay and eat, and I can promise that we won't take longer than 15 minutes. But because of that, you only get $10 from us and no tip, sad.
Other than that, the Bun Bo Hue here is quite addicting. Pretty much what they're known for and all the rave about it is actually true. As I was reading through the reviews on Yelp, barely anyone mentioned that it was spicy, like really numbing spicy. I had to empty majority of the peppers and chili oil that was settled on the top of my takeout container which was nearly 1/3 of a regular coffee cup. Noodles were cooked really well, had that nice bouncy texture and it's not your average rice noodle - it's a cross between a skinny udon and spaghetti. 
Come to think of it, I'm quite glad that I had to take it to go since I'm sure I'll be making a fool out of myself eating there while skimming the spicy part out. But, I will eat it again. If you must know, they don't use lemongrass here in their broth (odd for me since I was brought up eating it with that) and the beef brisket was sliced really thin which makes soaking up the broth really easy. A must visit in Philly.Cafe Diem is known for their infamously spicy noodle soup or in vietnamese, Bun Bo Hue. My family and I are pretty much regulars here just for that specialty. It's a little dine in spot tucked in between businesses on 8th and Washington. The place is small and seating is limited so be prepared to wait when its busy.
It comes in two serving sizes, small or large. I always get the small and seem to find it very well generously portioned because I tend to never finish my bowl. Also asked for mild and it's spicy as is and I don't need to make any adjustments. As well as fresh condiments on the side to add.This is a great little hole in the wall!  Normally when I have a hankering for vietnamese food I head over to Nam Phong but we decided to change it up a bit and try something on the other side of Washington Ave.  When we first walked in there was no one in the restaruant but the staff was friendly and did a nice job of making recommendations (get the first dish on the menu, something with minced meat stuffed in a white thick noodle).  After we ordered I went to the bathroom to wash my hands and when I came out the restaurant was filled with barely an open seat.  Apparently every local person eats here and I can see why.  The prices are cheap and the soup portions are very generous.  The pho looked good but the star of this place is the spicy beef soup.  I loved the thick noodle and the spice in the broth.  It definitely delivered on its spicy promis.  Everyone was ordering the spicy beef soup and as usual after a trip to Philly, I waddled out of there.  So if you are looking to change it up and want something other than just traditional Pho, give this place a try.  And definitely leave room for that meat and noodle dish with the fried onions...so yummy!For a restaurant that specializes in bun bo hue, i was disappointed.  First of all, just like pho, BBH is about the fixings- where was the banana grass and shredded cabbage?  Basil and bean sprouts are for pho.  Speaking of which, the pho was sadly just as disappointing.  The broth was ok, but the meatballs had freezer burns.  Over all the flavors were ok.  The quantify of meats were generous.  The service was typical.  Not worth writing home about or revisiting.It's decent, but definitely not the best in Philly. I also find the price range to be a little high, esp for the area they are in.
Pluses of the dish are - beef not fatty, pork knuckles were cooked perfectly (not too soft, and not too hard where I feel like I might yank out a tooth trying to get the meat/skin off), spicy, and the cha lua tasted fresh.
Lacking - noodles were a tad over cooked, no pork blood, and needed more lemongrass.
It's a lil restaurant, so if you go during peak times, prepare to wait. Sometimes, even non peak times you will wait as well, but the food does come out very fast. Except for pho... my husband ordered this and it took forever!!!! Definitely not a place to go if you are ordering anything but bun bo hue.There are a few places that make Bun Bo Hue right and this place nails it. They even make a mild version. The place is small, so don't sneeze or you might topple the customer behind you. 
Special note: my GF gives their bubble tea top ratings and even made me run back in, to get the empty cup, so that she can pick out the remaining bubbles.Ok, this restaurant is wonderful.  It is a no-frills restaurant, but that's okay because their specialty--soup--is to die for.  Really, it is probably the best spicy soup I have ever had.  And in South Philly, that's quite a statement because of the numerous Vietnamese restaurants in the area!  The spicy soup is fabulous on a winter day, but I must admit that I go to Cafe Diem during the summer too, because it is too delicious!BBH. Also, known as the Best Bowl of Heaven. Once you order, your food will come out in five minutes. The best bowl of soup, noodles, and beef in Philadelphia. Great for winter time. Great to just eat and chat away. And great for the soul.This place has fantastic Bun Bo Hue! I'm from SoCal and live close to Little Saigon aka Westminster and have been to all the bun bo hue places around.
So, it was quite a shocker on finding such a place that had THE best bbh. It's the broth with its beefy flavor and exact amount of spiciness along with the noodles that they use making it the perfect marriage of noodles and broth. The meat that they provide is good, although they lack cha and other types of items that would normally be served in the SoCal locations. 
The prices were stellar a few years back, but due to demand and supply, they increased the prices for a large bowl to $9. Still justifiable, but I can't see myself ordering many $10 bowls of bbh when I can get a bigger portion for $6.95 in the OC. 
It's definitely worth making the trip if you're in Philly and there's a huge parking lot nearby, which is FREE, that's right, there's some rare free parking in Philly. 
Their other dishes like their banh canh isn't too shabby either. Give a place a try especially on a cold day because you'll definitely enjoy the soup/broth to warm you up!Hearty and delicious Bun Bo Hue. I did get a little bit of a headache afterwards. I do not know if this was because of MSG or a little more salt than what I am used to. Perhaps I am a glutton for punishment (or just a glutton), but I shall return!So I've been hearing that this place has the best BBH, and I must say that I absolutely agree! My boyfriend was craving something spicy so I suggested we come here. He said it was exactly what he needed. I love spicy food and this soup gave me a runny nose. I also had their hu tieu which isn't so bad. I also wanted to try their banh cuon, but they were sold out. Seating is limited and it's a little tough to find parking. All in all food was delicious and service was great!This is our go-to place for excellent BBH. Nowhere else compares. If we're craving it, we come straight here even though the drive is pretty far from where we live.
Service is very quick but the place is extremely small so the wait for tables will be long. However, that is during peak hour on the weekends. There is practically no wait after 2PM.Hands down Cafe Diem is my favorite spot in Philly to get a hot bowl of bun bo hue. Even on a hot summer day, ill eat bun bo hue from here. My girlfriend and her husband brought me here for the first time last year, and I've been back about a dozen times. 
This place is definitely a hole in the wall. I'm warning you now. It is very small, but the food comes out instantly and it is amazing! We've brought little kids here as well, and they are very accommodating. 
I love this place!Large Bun Bo Hue is now $10. The place is redecorated. It no longer looks like a Vietnamese restaurant and now looks like a Viet-Cali restaurant. I think it's still a good value and after trying a lot of mediocre BBH, i would say it is the best BBH in Philly.I haven't dined here so my review is biased. I walked in to experience some summer rolls and pho and the menu was super tiny and so was the restaurant! I believe this place is known for their bon bo hue so I wouldn't recommend coming here with a big group or coming to enjoy a plethora of Vietnamese soup. Cuisine is very limitedI come in from New York from time to time to see friends, hangout, etc, and every time I come, I have to eat here. And every time I leave, I think about this bowl of spicy pho, how delicious it tastes. The broth is so good, and they give generous amounts of meat. I just wish they didn't close so early. I personally don't have a problem with the spiciness of the food, but my friend always get it less spicy, so that's an option if you don't think you can handle the heat =PThis place makes some diem good soup noodles. Though I should warn you - Definitely do not come here if you hate delicious broth, bountiful meat, and delightfully slurpable noodles. Definitely not.
Café Diem specializes in bun bo hue (spicy beef noodle soup), and they sure do it justice. Let's be clear, bun bo hue is NOT "spicy pho", so don't come in expecting such. The two differ in noodle type (round vermicelli vs. clear rice noodles), meats (beef and pork vs. just beef cuts), and spices (lemongrass vs. cinnamon and cloves), amongst other things.
The bun bo hue packs in a lot of flavor and they do not skimp on the meat - though, be prepared if pig feet is not your thing. As delicious as it is, the broth could stand to be spicier, and I actually prefer some more grated lemongrass for texture, but that's just me. Ambiance and customer service isn't really a thing here (which is just the way I like my tasty Asian joints!). Bring cash, and be aware that they close really early.
Best bun bo hue around. Come here to impress your Vietnamese friends, or when you're jonesing for some spice in your soup!Bun Bo Hue.  Say it with me now, bun bo hue.  
It's good but wasn't quite as spicy as expected.  Service was sold and portions were fair, but the price seemed slightly high.  Enjoy with good company, just remember it is cash only.Whenever I'm in the mood for some bun bo hue this is definitely the go to place. They have the best ones in Philly. The best part is you can choose your level of spicy. You can get a small for $8.50 or if you feeling a little hungry go for the large which s $10. I've also had the chicken noodle soup with fresh mushroom but keep in mind the chicken noodle soup has bone so if you don't like having bone or pieces of bones in your soup then stick with their bun bo hue since that's what they known for anyways.My favorite place to get banh cuon (a vietnamese rice cake dish with pork and mushroom fillings serves with nuoc mam and gio). The banh cuon is so fresh and the flavor is just right. The bun bo hue here is equally good which is what the place is known for. However, I always get the banh cuon here and always leave with a happy tummy! The owner is very friendly and this place is cash only but there is an ATM inside. The restaurant is pretty small so if you come during peak hours, expect to wait for table but I can guarantee the wait is totally worth it!!Best bun bo hue! The broth is delicious--and even the small bowl is packed with yummy noodles and tons of meat. Love it!5 stars to the Bun Bo Hue! If you are hungry and in the mood for some tasty noodle soup (spicy or non-spicy), this place has the best in town. Place is pretty small but food is served quickly to compensate. Closed on Tuesdays.Okay, so I was on a Vietnamese food crawl and came here for their Bun Bun Hue - don't get it. It's not spicy at all and pretty bland.
Not the best and so, I really don't get the big deal about this place.
Thanh Huong in NJ is the best I ever had.
https://www.yelp.com/biz/thanh-huong-restaurant-jersey-cityDrove all the way here from New York just for their Bo Bun Hue. Compared to all the places I've tried in New York. Bo Bun Hue from this place is the BEST! 
Their Banh Cuon is very yummy also. You can taste the filling inside, and it's not dry.
Definitely will be back for their Bun Bo Hue!Flavorful broth, and the right noodle texture. We enjoyed everything about our bun bo hue dish.Hands down one of the best places to eat if you want specific vietnamese dishes. The top three dishes I order here are the bun bo hue, bun bo nam, and coum soun (grilled pork w rice). It is unbelievably good.  Sometimes they don't offer the coum soun because it takes a long time to cook but when they say ok its a go! This place is a hidden gem so only take your partner here if you're sure they're with you for good. You don't want any awkward exchanges in this tiny restaurant if you guys bump into each other. The coconut drink is also delish and one of the strongest viet iced coffee I've tasted.My first visit but definitely not my last. My first BON BO HUE ever, and most DEFINITELY not my last.
I love noodle soup, and kind.. pho, taiwanese noodle soup.. i love it all. So I was beyond excited to try this new noodle soup I've never had. I decided to skip out on the pigs blood and pigs knuckles, although my mom would be happy to have them in her soup when I take her here.
The noodles are cooked perfectly. the BROTH MAKES IT. It's delicious, flavorful, doesn't taste too msg-y if at all. The meat is tender, everything is just perfectly flavorful and was definitely not too spicy for me. Twas perfect and I could eat it again tomorrow..
Price is meh $8 for a small if I recall, but it was yummmm :)place is small, service is okay. i thought the food was a little too salty. it was my first place trying bun bo hue so i can't speak for how good it is etc, but was slightly taken aback by the taste. not a place if you're looking for pho or the usual mainstream vietnamese food.Wow! i was one of the first people who reviewed this place! Now they are famous for my favorite noodle soup! Sometimes,  I wish I never drew attention to this place almost 5 years ago! I went back today  after a conference during lunch and they've completely renovated the place really nicely! The esthetics are much more pleasing but best of all.. the food quality hasn't changed a bit!  Too bad they didn't have my pork chops! ( best charbroiled porkchops I've ever had) so I got my next favorite which is of course their claim to fame.. BBH ! ( took 3 for takeout too) 
I spoke to the owner's son in the past, a marketing consultant who worked with my husband at GSK. He said their mission is to provide the best quality food for their customers. Today, I realized they stayed true to themselves by staying at their  tiny original location. They chose quality over quantity.. I very much admire their philosophic way of thinking.. Usually, when restaurant owners get a little notoriety, they want to expand and and focus on maximizing revenue. I guess thats not what they stand for..  Too bad I live in Hoboken, NJ with two small children so frequent trips to Philadelphia  is no longer an option. Best wishes to them!If this was the first or last bon bo hue you will leave smiling. Cannot describe how good this dish is in this small and no pretenses cafe. This dish is what most of the clientele come for - eat in or take out. No regrets - even if we had to drive all the way from NJ. There is free 2-hour municipal parking a block away. Restaurant is small and spartan, but clean. Service is efficient.Bun Bo Hue. Bun Bo Hue. Bun Bo Hue.
Not the best ever... but the best i've found outside of my momma's kitchen.A nice little spot tor lunch or dinner. The bun Bo hue soup is amazing. I'm craving it right now
... don't expect crazy good service or an exquisite atmosphere.  Its really your type of Asian shop and all that matters is how good the food is.Come one, come all, to the best Bun Bo Hue on earth!! 
This place is secluded, not the easiest to get to, and definitely away from the hustle and bustle of Chinatown, but it's worth it, I promise! Make sure you get the combo with pate, tendon and pork feet. It's perfection. The broth is incredibly mild, but also so flavorful. I've had BBH many times, but never had it like this. Their drinks are also great, and you could easily stuff yourself to the gullet while only paying a very small bill. I think this place is absolutely worth the trip of the beaten path, and would highly recommend to Viet food lovers out there! 
A little tip- they do stop selling BBH when they run out for the day to eliminate food waste, so I would recommend getting here a bit early if you can to avoid missing out.Bun bo hué.... I don't always eat it but when I do, I make sure it's from cafe diem. What they say is all true, this is definitely the best in Philly. It's spicy but not overwhelming. 8 dollars for a meat packed bowl of fantastic noodles. Add just 2 dollars to it and you can get a large !!
Interior is decent and seems renovated and clean. Better than your average Vietnamese restaurant. Seats about 30 ppl. Great service from a small and friendly staff!