This is a review for dinner. I went for coffee a few months ago and was turned off by the Chemex pour being served in a paper cup for drinking it in-house. Had a lackluster Cuban sandwich too. That said, the place looks nice and clean, which is refreshing. 
Café Renata, I want to like you. I live in the neighborhood and would love some food that is different and good. I would settle for just good. Consider this constructive criticism...
1) The menu is not that exciting. Of all the things to eat around this neighborhood, kefta and hummus are not lacking. Some of the options are different than what can be found in local restaurants, but don't really stand out as things that I couldn't make at home in 10 minutes using a box of pasta and a jar of sauce if I wanted to. The grilled chicken breast with green salad is too simple to sound intriguing (add some potatoes, though, and I would have ordered it!).
2) The pasta was really boring.  I ordered the linguine with mussels, billed as "Mussels and Linguini in Garlic Chardonnay Sauce." There was no sauce to speak of. Also, I received spaghetti instead of linguine. It reminded me of the first time I ever tried to cook... I was 13 and made spaghetti for my girlfriend of one week by pouring the contents of an entire box into a large pot of boiling water, and then serving her the resulting mass of unseasoned noodles. The relationship didn't last and I'm sure she felt as I did when I saw a much smaller quantity of similarly seasoned pasta on my plate at Renata. OK, here's the constructive part:
0. If you advertise "linguini" (or linguine as it should be spelled), serve that noodle and not a round one!
A. If you are going to promise sauce, actually put some sauce on that.
B. Put something green on it!  It was literally just pasta, a few slivers of garlic, and mussels. A little parsley could go a long way. 
C. The plate itself seemed a bit small as did the quantity of pasta. I left hungry. 
D. If you are going to do mussels, maybe a "moules frites" sort of thing with some richer sauces would be a good option.
3) Presentation and general dinner atmosphere were lacking. The sign outside made it look like there was just one dinner service ("serving dinner @ 5.") There are no tablecloths (one or two tables set for dinner could set the tone). 9pm seems a little early as a closing time (what is the latest one could arrive to begin dinner? It's not clear. Is there a webpage with hours? I couldn't find it). And when giving back change after the bill is paid, it would help to leave multiples of bills that are conducive to tips (i.e. for $6 in change, provide 6 ones, not a five and a one). Finally, it would have been nice if the chef had popped out to ask how things were.
Somewhat unrelated, re: the brunch offer that's advertised on the tables and facebook page: I'm not sure that offering a complimentary bottle of sparkling wine when customers buy a carafe of OJ is a viable way of getting around not having a liquor license. In fact I'm fairly sure it's not.
Two stars because the food is not bad, it's just underwhelming. I hope that the owners will continue to make improvements because it's clear they want this to work.  I look forward to coming back one day and being whelmed!I really like what they've done with the place.  It's cleaner, classier, and more open with enhanced options for sitting in the front.  More light, wood paneling and a neater chalkboard menu gives it more of a Le Pain Quotidien vibe, and less that of what was the West Philly hipster nook Cafe Clave.   
The coffee is still divine.  (well-brewed La Colombe.)  The baked goods are still of homemade quality offering both sweet and savories. SUPER excited about the Mediterranean additions, veggie options, and OMELETS.  
Good neighborhood spot to study, meet people, or just feel social without having to be social.Exorbitant prices for non-impressive breakfast ... $26 for two coffees, breakfast sandwich and a bagel with cream cheese and lox (cream cheese and lox only on one side) ... what happened to good, fairly priced diners?Say 3.5 stars! 
I used to get coffee here even before it became "Cafe Renata". I used to love their hazelnut latte, but more recently the taste/quality has not been consistent.
Their brunch menu is interesting. While I love the roasted potato medley, my spinach mushroom omelette was kinda bland and boring! :( For the price, I think the portions are also quite small. If not for the proximity this cafe won't make it to my list of brunch places.The breakfast was pretty sub par. I got the French toast and it wasn't particularly tasty, however the coffee was good. The biggest up for me was the music, they played bossa nova!So, out and about Saturday afternoon, I see a newer site and decide to stop by for a quick late lunch. I place an order off of the chalk board for two Quiche Lorraine, one with potatoes, one with salad for my companion. The cashier tells us we can take a seat, we do and then the waitress comes to take our order. Confusing. 
While the presentation was cute the 3 inch high quiche was filled to the brim with potatoes.  You can put anything you want in a quiche, you can't put anything you want in Quiche Lorraine and then have unsuspecting customers eat it and receive a positive review.
In one last attempt to redeem this place because it is, quiet and calm, I walk up to the cashier to pay and question the the addition of potatoes.  It went something like this,
Me: The quiche had potatoes in it.
Her: Un huh.
Me: Quiche Lorraine doesn't have potatoes in it.
Her: Ours does.
Me: Well you should at least inform your customers.
Her: It's on the menu.
Me: But not on your chalk board.
Her: o_o
Me: Why don't you just call it something else?
Her: Well, that's the way we do it here.
Look. Quiche Lorraine is a classic. It's older than you and I put together. If you are going to have the audacity and nerve to improve upon bacon, cheese and egg in a pastry crust you darn sure better make it tasty and if you think using the space filler of potatoes is innovative, news flash, it ain't. And why would you think anyone would want potato quiche with a side of potatoes?  Inexpensive filler. And "I think that's the bacon right there".
I would go back and unfortunately it would be to use the wi-fi, enjoy the calm and try a coffee. I don't see how that's profitable for very long.Yay for more cafés in West philly. Cafe Renata was great for brunch. I ordered the Tuscan chicken sandwich and it was delish. Service was good and quick. Definitely a nice low key brunch spot.When I was reading the comments for this cafe, I was amazed at the few posts that was higher than 3-stars. I only went to this spot once, but that experience was enough for me to back away from it.
The omelette was burnt. How can even happen? I ordered the simplest of all breakfast dishes, and they didn't get that right.
Never setting foot here again.My friend and I were in search of a good breakfast place and Yelp recommended this to us.  So glad we listened, so I wanted to pay it forward and recommend it as well.
Cafe Renata is a hidden gem.  The atmosphere is relaxed and it's a very cute cafe/restaurant.  I got their daily special - Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon.  It was very tasty and came with a side of potatoes and sweet potatoes. I was pleasantly surprised by the good quality and quick service.  My friend got their quiche with a side of salad, and really liked it too.  
My only complaint was that I had asked for my holandaise sauce on the side, and the waitress even wrote it down on our receipt, but it was served with the sauce on the eggs benedict.  We were in a rush, so I didn't want to wait for it to be prepared again, but I don't like when small things like this are off.  Apart from that, great service, nice setting and good food!  Try it out if you're in the area.On a warm autumn evening, I rounded up some friends for an impromptu supper at Cafe Renata.  The Arabian salad was the surprise of the evening--fresh, crisp greens and tomatoes with a spiced lemon-olive oil dressing.  The wonderfully roasted sweet potatoes are also certain to please.  And the homemade creamy hummus was accompanied by pita chips and celery.  Unlike the supporting characters, the main entree was the underachiever--the cubano panini.  The baguette was not so much as crispy, as very hard and the slices of pork and ham (or lack thereof) lacked any smoky savory flavor.  The cafe menu is overpriced, but it's a needed sacrifice when desiring a quality meal in West Philadelphia.  Overall, the dining experience deserves a five-star rating.  The kind hostess nearly bent over backwards for us (e.g., extra pickles, gluten-free and oil-free options, complimentary warm Moroccan salsa).  The cafe has an exotic, but local vibe and the other diners seemed to enjoy their time in this quaint cafe.When people think of getting brunch around University City, people will throw out plenty of names, but Cafe Renata is not one of them. After my experiences with the place both for coffee and brunch, I would definitely have to put Renata up there with the best of them. 
I ordered a Spanish omelette and was not let down. Definitely better than the Spanish omelettes I have gotten from Greek Lady. My friends had the quiche platter and breakfast burrito, both of which looked quite appetizing. The sheer diversity of options in the menu is fantastic, making sure there is something for everyone. 
As if that weren't enough, the selection of teas and coffees is incredible. I would come back simply to try more of their drinks. My orders came in nice mason jars with hard sugar lining the brim. A nice touch among a sea of boring coffee cups. 
Also did I mention that brunch is served daily? Yup, now if you have a craving on a weekday, you can satisfy it here.Hmm. I wasn't highly impressed with this cafe. The appearance/ambiance of cafes mean a lot to me and this kind of looked like... they were going for a hipster, Pinterest look but gave up midway. And on Yelp, this cafe is only rating one $ for the price, but I think it's more like $$.
My two friends and I came here around 4 PM on a rainy day and 3 other men were sitting about individually in the cafe, all on their laptops. I like quiet cafes but something about it didn't feel intimate. Am I judging too hard?! Maybe I have high standards for a cafe I like.
I only ordered a cup of tea, while my friend got cream of corn soup, and the other a salad (not sure which.. sorry). My tea had some kind of.. oil/plastic film floating at the top? I hope I'm describing this correctly. You know if you have lip balm on, and you drink a cup of hot water, you can see the lip balm residue coating the surface of the drink? Yeah.. I received my tea like that. And my friend took about 5 spoonfuls of her soup and took the rest to-go. The salad was good, a "palette cleaner" type. But nothing to order again.I came here with a friend after we found out a nearby brunch place was not open on a Friday morning. I had heard that their red velvet pancakes are great, but I like savory breakfast more so I ordered the eggs benedict (we could not order a half order of the pancakes or french toast). The eggs benedict was underwhelmimg--probably something I could've made at home. My friend ordered the cuban breakfast, which was overpriced for the amount of food she got. Overall a very average experience, akin to what you could cook on your own, but fine if you're looking for somewhere to brunch with a friend in west philly.I was excited to get breakfast on a weekday. I went on yelp to see where in the area had open places before 10am. Cafe Renata had OK reviews and we decided to give it a shot. 
 My friend got the Waffle Ranchero. My friend said it was good, but nothing amazing. I tried a bite of this and I agreed. I do think the idea of this was pretty cool. 
I got the Eggs Benedict... I never had such yucky disgusting poached eggs in my life. First of all, one poached egg was already popped and the yolk was flowing all over my english muffin and to the bottom of my potatoes. Second, the egg white part tasted nastyyyyyyy. It was far beyond than just being bland.. I am tolerable with weird/bad tasting things and will normally try to eat everything b/c I don't like to waste food, but this time I cut out all the egg white out and ate just the english muffin, ham, and the runny yolk. The potatoes were good and I liked how they added sweet potatoes too. 
Cafe Renata is definitely overpriced considering the taste, and I will not come back here unless a friend says this is the only option..but you know Philly has way too many other places to try out.The fiancé and I stopped in here for the first time this morning for a little Pre-brunch hours breakfast. 
The interior of the cafe is super cute. Very welcoming. Very clean and crisp looking. There was relaxing jazz playing. Excellent for coffee sipping and taking in the early September ambiance. 
The waitress we had could not have been sweeter and stayed on top of our coffee and water refills. I love that. 
The breakfast/brunch menu has a definite Mediterranean/Middle Eastern vibe to it, but there are enough choices that even the most unadventurous eaters will be satisfied. I had the breakfast pita wrap which was scrambled eggs and hummus on pita, served with a banging salad (lettuce, tomato, cucumbers and a dressing that I got notes of oregano and maybe cilantro from) AND breakfast potatoes. The potatoes were a mix of regular and sweet potatoes. The sweet potatoes were melt-in-your-mouth perfect. I was so happy with my meal. 
The man had a breakfast burrito that was so big he couldn't finish it (a rarity!) He really loved the hot sauce it came with. 
There was a lack of decent affordable brunch options in the area, and Renata is helping to fill that gap. We will definitely be back. We want to check out dinner there as well, the menu looked tasty!Went here on a late Sunday morning. If we had gone to sabrina's around the same time there would have been at least an hour long wait, this place had plenty of room. The food was great, great option for beverage as well, although the beverage option may be slightly overpriced. Great service.
Has a decent dinner menu as well.I love this place! The food is great, the coffee is good, and the service is great! I adore their baked goods and their hot cocoa is to die for. Definitely a place to try.I got a great cup of coffee at Cafe Renata! The girl (named Kate-- like everyone who works at Lil Pop Shop-yayy) was super friendly and welcoming. 
Admittedly I'm not super picky about my cafes, but this one is clean, affordable, plays good music, has wifi, isn't too crowded. What's not to like? 
Oh, maybe get square so you can accept credit cards? I'm really hungry and I have no cash. That's my fault though.Cafe Renata is an amazing addition to West Philadelphia, filling the void left by Cafe Clave that continues to cater to loyal customers while welcoming in new faces. The all day Breakfast menu is a treat, and the blend of Cuban and Mediterranean food options are delicious and make you want to come back for more. I would recommend the Shok Shuka for any first time visitor. Their coffee (la Colombe) is amazing, as is their variety of espresso products. Try the coffee brewed Chemex and you won't regret it.  I have yet to try the new dinner menu, but if it is anything like the rest of the food than I expect nothing but the best. 
Currently, the cafe is able to beautifully blend a sit-down experience with a traditional coffee shop vibe. There is plenty of space and a number of tables that allow you to come and send emails or bring your family for post-graduation brunch. There is a healthy amount of chatter that breaths life into the cafe but doesn't take away from the dining experience. Even more amazing is that the cafe's small staff is able to keep up with the growing business. The owner is extremely friendly and hustles to make sure everything is done quickly and all demands are met. She isn't afraid to come out and chat with you either, and her knowledge of coffee and the coffee scene in Philadelphia is great. 
I give Cafe Renata 4 stars not because they aren't deserving of 5, but because I am extremely excited to see this gem grow. With increased advertising, greater awareness of their new dinner options, and maybe one extra waitress, Cafe Renata could be poised for perfection.I went to their opening event and I gotta say that I LOVE this cafe. If you're familiar with the area, then it was formerly Cafe Clave. While you may miss that Cuban influence in the neighborhood, I think Cafe Renata offers welcomed additions. It is now run by a chef and a baker, and the proof is in the pudding. The coffee and coffee drinks here are awesome. I had a latte  that changed my mind about Starbucks. As for the food, their pastries were amazing! The cheese croissants literally melts in your mouth and the apple cake was incredibly moist and flavorful. The menu features mostly breakfast and lunch/brunch items with a Mediterranean flair. My favorite item was the mozzarella caprese--just try it and you will understand. I didn't try any of the meat dishes but thought it was interesting that they make their own meats on-site. In terms of atmosphere, it is an open but warm feel, with a mix of hipsters, young professionals, and families. You could grab a nook toward the front of the house, or a table for a small group toward the back. The owners are incredibly friendly and seem intent on ensuring that you enjoy yourself. I will be going back again to sample more of the menu, and see how the atmosphere changes during the daytime, but for now I have definitely found my new coffee shop hangout.I came here for a Wednesday morning brunch with 5 friends. I was really excited to try this place because I've heard great things.
Overall, I had a pretty solid brunch experience. The service was a bit slow; our table ended up waiting about 25  minutes for our food to arrive, which seemed kind of long (albeit, I also might have been extremely hungry in the morning). 
I opted to share the special Pumpkin Brioche French Toast ($9.50) with a friend, along with the Shakshuka. The Pumpkin Brioche French Toast special was pretty delicious, but nothing too fancy or special. I wish the bread was a bit thicker, or the flavors were a bit more intense, but it was still a nice dish. The dish didn't come with syrup so we had to request that our server bring us syrup from the back kitchen. The portion size was a bit small-- just 2 pieces of toast, so that felt like a bit of a rip-off for about $10.
I've been dying to try Shakshuka, and this was my first one. There were three baked eggs in a sweet and spicy tomato and onion sauce. It came with triangular cut pieces of pita bread to dip in the tomato sauce. This dish was great, but again nothing too memorable. The pita was a bit on the hard side (I love soft pita). 
I stayed a bit longer after my brunch with my friends to work in the cafe. The environment is really cute, and you just need to get the wifi password from the server. I'd definitely recommend coming here to work! Bonus, they also played fun christmas music for the holiday time.
I probably wouldn't come again, just because I'd rather make the longer trek for a more memorable brunch experience, but I'm still glad I came! And I'll definitely be back to do work.This is such a classy get-away brunch place near Penn's campus! Absolutely love it, and a great alternative to the rather-crowded and far away Sabrina's Cafe on Drexel campus. 
The portions are reasonably big and very tasty. I'm a big fan of the Eggs Florentine. That will definitely fill you up. The waffles seem like great choices too, although they are slightly on the pricier side for a waffle serving. I've also tried their Labenese omelet - not a bad choice! Couple the choices with a great glass of wine (can be purchased at the nearby Market St. & 43rd liquor store for your convenience), it's a great start to any weekend!
On another note, I do feel like the restaurant description is somewhat misleading. I don't feel like this is a very "Mediterranean" place, and the inclusion of some items are kind of random. Likewise, I have been carded here a couple times for bringing wine. So for anyone who plans on bringing an underaged party, keep that in mind. 
TLDR: Great getaway, BYOB combo of wine + brunch is a perfect way to start your weekend!The home made OJ was nice with a pinch of tart.  My breakfast rubin was delicious but a bit too toasted for my liking.  The mixed potatoes with sweet potato was outstanding just the right percentage of sweet.  And the scrabbled eggs were light and fluffy.*** okay, 3.5 stars.
First of all, a small brunch place that wasn't slammed when we walked in on a Sunday? Amazeballs. Cute, simple menu with your basic savory and sweet options to satisfy us all. I had the House French Toast which came with this mango chutney salsa thing. The actual french toast itself was great, the mango chutney not so much. My dude ordered the open-faced cuban which he had zero complaints about. Coffee was nice and strong. Nothing to write home about, but a great go-to when you don't feel like making breakfast AND waiting in a super duper long line at the usual brunch spots.This place is awesome!!!! There is a lot of variety and everything is fresh and homemade. The hand-squeezed lemonade is out of this world!Recommended the lemon poppy pancakes and smoked salmon Benedict. Prices are reasonable and the service was average. Expect a regular diner experience, but the interior design and decor were exotic with a hint of Middle-eastern flare.Super rude girl server on weekday mornings! She's made me wanna leave that place two of the three times I've been there. 
Food as such is okay, and so is the coffee.I had been having a pretty bad day when I came here, but eating here definitely improved my mood. The place itself is cozy and pleasant. The food I got was very good (the vegan wrap) and the side of potatoes also had sweet potatoes in it! Yum! The young woman serving us was very sweet, I only wish that some of the sweets they had were vegan.Amazing food! It's so delicious and non-heavy. I had Mussels and Linguine, and my Aunt had the Kafta platter, both were amazing. The food arrived quickly and deliciously hot. 
The cafe is super clean and well decorated. It's also really peaceful and perfect for doing homework or a nice lunch with friends.
Try it! You won't regret :)I had moved to the neighborhood and was excited to try out the local coffee shops. I was searching for a nice place to drink coffee and eat tasty food throughout the day as I studied for school. But despite it's name, Cafe Renata is trying to be something it's not.  The owner of Cafe Renata seemed really against students as customers in general, and made that known. She was not welcoming and did not make me feel comfortable staying there for as long as I wanted. She was quite controlling, relegating me to a particular table that was not of my choosing. She kept her eye on me and the other students, making sure we did not prevent other customers from getting a seat even though the place was empty. I didn't go back after this experience.I stopped by for a quick lunch today. I am vegan and was happy to see there were a number of options for me.  The chef/owner was knowledgable about the vegan option and quickly pointed out various things I could try.  I ended up with an Arabian salad and pita bread. It was a good size and fresh.  The cafe is bright and clean.  I am happy to support this new business! I wish the owners all the best!I'm not quite sure why this place is averaging 3.5 stars but I personally am starting to love this place already. We stumbled in here because Sabrinas had a Rediculous wait time.   Let's start with the interior, it's small and cozy, seats about 25 to 30 people max.  I love the 2 seat table right next to the window, it sits on a slightly raised bench and kind of give you  a nice view of the cafe. In the middle of the cafe is a picnic style table but with separate seats rather than your regular picnic  benches, love it.  And then there a good number of seats along the walls. 
I decided to try the Italian machiato which is basically espresso with a dab of milk, I enjoyed it. we also had the freshly squeezed OJ and house coffee.  OJ certainly did tasted freshly squeezed.  As for our meal, we had regular eggs benedict and shakshouka.  The shakshouka is a iraq dish, 3 poached eggs with salsa and served on a skillet with side of pita. I personally don't think the poached eggs go very well with the salsa, not my cup of tea.  However, the eggs benedict was tasty with addition of tomatoes on top of the ham, also came with roasted sweet potatoes and regular potatoes.  I should have went with my regular brunch benedicts.  We also met the owner kate, she was very nice and we got an almond croissant on the house which was just amazing. The croissant was freshly baked, nice and flaky, with almond paste on the inside. Yum!!!  If I lived closer, I could get use to one of that everyday. I rarely get pastries at brunch but maybe it's time to try it out at various brunch spots if they offer it. 
The service was fantastic, our waitress was tentative and sociable. I'd certainly come back again to try some mason jar ice coffee and other beverages.Polite service and yummy waffles and wraps!  Nice little spot to study also and gets great light in the morning.I came here on a Sunday afternoon to get some work done. It's a cute little place, but it was pretty crowded with students and other people trying to get work done. The cappuccino I got was just okay, and the chocolate-oatmeal cake was a bit dry. I'll probably keep trying other places instead of coming back here. 
FYI: They're cash only.I wasnt going to write anything for fear they would get any busier haha! But sadly cafe Renata burnt down :( so now I will be forthcoming. Since moving to Philly in December, cafe Renata has been my favorite restaurant. My girlfriend and I had gone there literally every weekend since we first discovered it. The friendly staff and amazing food really made our weekend! Now that its gone we have tried other brunch places but none have come close! We are both heartbroken that our local hidden gem is now gone :(Finally, a great café with really excellent food! Why is this combination such a rare find? Weekday mornings and afternoons Renata is a friendly café with great coffee and delicious baked goods (baked fresh on site!), and many other breakfast options. (They welcome lap-toppers during those times--as long as you order some food. This seems a completely reasonable policy. How else will they pay their rent?) 
Evenings and weekends Renata transforms into a delightful restaurant with excellent, fresh food, at very reasonable prices. They have pasta dishes and Mediterranean salads and meat dishes (plenty of vegetarian options too) for dinner and a delectable brunch with egg dishes, amazing waffles and even shakshouka (poached eggs in tomato sauce). It's like going to your mom's house to eat your favorite meal --although I have to admit that my mom was never as good a cook or baker as the welcoming, good-looking and talented cook/baker couple that run this cozy place!
Things to try:
The spiced cocoa is delicious!
The kofte (kabab) and pita with hummus is a wonderful meal.
The boreka are flaky and savory.
The homemade mozzarella is a must try! 
The fatush salad is one of the tastiest salads in town!
All the cakes and cookies are homemade, fresh, and delicious.
This is an excellent addition to the restaurant/café scene in the Spruce Hill neighborhood of University City!Went here for brunch Sunday morning. Very busy, but fortunately there was a table open and my friend and I were seated immediately.
I ordered a eggs florentine. Nothing about it was phenomenal and the hollandaise sauce was not my favorite. It was pretty filling though, and was certainly not bad.
Also ordered a cappuccino. There's no art about it. Just foam. Do not recommend.
Kind of pricey. Overall, would not really recommend.I'm a local, so maybe I'm biased, but I love this sweet little spot.  Friendly, attentive and it always smells so good!  I highly recommend this as a brunch spot... no wait!  And waffles worth waking up for... on a Saturday, that's saying something...The owner is rude.  I used to go there to study before it became Cafe Renata, and I loved it.  I tried going twice since it reopened, and the owner relegated all of the studiers to one tiny table.  The place was literally 100% empty aside from 3 other people studying, but she made us all sit together at a single table and keep our books off of a small open space at the table so that another person could pile in.  I'm a law student and I have huge books and papers that I need to spread out to get things done, and the owner's constant hovering and telling people to clear space  when literally NO ONE was waiting was a complete turn-off.Cafe Renata is an absolute breathe of fresh air in University City. Not only is the atmosphere welcoming and the staff friendly, but the innovative food menu is fantastic! Definitely try the chicken burrito or take a friend to an amazing brunch. Hands down a spot for the Philly bucket list.Pretty good, but not that great. The service was really good, but the food wasn't really up to par when I went. I got the Spanish Omelet here and was disappointed by the overabundance of egg and the lack of mushrooms/veggies. As a result, the omelette was kind of bland. The case was the same with my friend, who got a different omelette. However, the potatoes were very tasty! I liked the mix of sweet and normal potatoes. I'm not sure how their Mediterranean food is, but I would definitely not order their omelets again.This place is a wonderful spot for breakfast and brunch. The menu is small and not complicated. You're guaranteed to find something you want. I definitely recommend the brioche French toast with mango chutney. Also comes with candied bacon! The coffee is great and never ending. Service is prompt and polite. Go!A cute neighborhood coffeeshop.
The coffee drinks are delicious.  I can vouch for the regular coffee, latte (hot and iced), mocha, and chai tea latte.  All delicious.
The baked goods look good, but I've never tried them.  They also have a brunch and dinner menu.  Brunch is simple and casual - nothing incredible, but tasty and a nice break from the crowded brunch places.The staff is very friendly, the brunch selection is great, and we got free Mimosa's on NYD!I am so happy this cafe opened after the loss of Cafe Clave earlier in 2013. This is my favorite location to get some work done. The staff are very friendly, service is excellent. Coffee is quite good. All the food I have had has been excellent. Prices are reasonable. Free WiFi.The plus: the soup is really good.  The owner makes it himself.  His signature soup is tomato basil, and it is excellent.
The minus: No brewed decaf.  You can get a pourover, but it is really weak and bad-tasting.  I have had three so far, and I'm giving up on it.  Maybe the Americano will be better.
Update 2013-10-13: The food is unreliable. I got a Greek salad which was nearly inedible because it was full of hard dried-out basil flakes.  Eggs and sausage was okay, but some of the sausages were so overdone I couldn't chew them.  Lattes were fine though.
Update 2014-05-25: I forgot my own advice and got decaf again.  It was awful. The waitress came back.  "Would you like more decaf?" I said "If that was an Americano, I will have the brewed decaf, and if that was the brewed decaf, I will have an Americano."  It was no better the second time around.We love this place. Not only is it a cute, cheap brunch place with convenient parking in West Philly (CVS lot across the street!), but it's got a great variety of dishes and some wonderful servers.
We've been here a handful of times. The main barrier to us coming more often is the weekend brunch wait times - sometimes more than 30 or 40 minutes when it's slammed. The place is tiny, but they do a decent job of getting people in and out, without making you feel rushed when it's your turn to be "in."
We typically order some of the incredible pancakes (the lemon poppy ones are my favorite!) or the French toast (chocolate? Yes please.) 
But on our last trip, we went a little different on our order. Boyfriend got two bacon, egg and cheese sandwiches, which he loved. Standard fare, done well. I ordered the shakshouka, this amazing Tunisian stew made of tomatoes and onions and peppers, with a couple of poached eggs in the middle. Instead of dipping the pita that comes with it, I ordered a side salad and scooped up the salad with the stew. Perfect, a little spicy, and best of all - I didn't feel like an absolutely glutton after going out to brunch!
The variety here is great. We love the waitresses we've had. And the coffee is toasty and wonderful. This is a staple in our brunch rotation, and we'll be back soon!Cafe Renata is one of those places you want to love -- but just doesn't give enough for that final push from liking, to LOVING a place. 
I am totally in love with the wait-staff. They are incredibly friendly, loving, go-happy people. 
Prices are great, almost everything well below $12.95.
I've tried the Paella, blueberry compote crepe, spanish omlette, waffle ranchero.
The paella was a solid 4 stars for me for price, taste, quality, and value.
All the rest are a solid 3 stars for me. They are like getting a home-cooked meal. Honestly nothing SPECIAL perse about it -- but a nice personal touch. The brunch items I mentioned, are nothing you can't make at home. And it tastes just as such. But if you want a good home-cooked meal for a decent price ,this is your spot.
It just didn't blow me awayso lovely! we've been here three times for weekend brunch and it's been just great all three times. I love the hummus platter and Mediterranean breakfast platter, and my date likes the waffles rancheros. the Arabian salad is incredible-- for something so simple the flavors are clarifying, clean, and bold. service has always been very good- timely with super friendly wait staff. would highly recommend this sunny brunch spot in an unlikely block.I went to Cafe Renata on a Saturday morning with brunch with four of my friends. We had a reservation for 10:30 am and it was ready for us as soon as we walked in. The waitress was very nice and friendly. It was her first day at work and even though she had to come back twice to confirm our orders, made sure we were well taken care of. I had the Lemon Poppy Pancakes and they were delicious. They had the perfect amount of sauce and were not cloyingly sweet. Usually pancake plates are too big but this was a great amount and I was able to finish them and feel satisfied without feeling overwhelmingly full. One of my friends had the Norwegian Omelet which he definitely recommends. Another had the breakfast burrito which she loved. All of us were satisfied with our food and the service. Will definitely be returning and recommend it. However, it gets very full after 11 am and it is best to make a reservation or get there early!Came here for some brunch and then a long day of studying.  Although we were seated immediately, there was jelly or something smeared on the table and they did not clean that off very well.  I eventually had to ask them to wipe the table down again which was awkward (and they still didn't get all of it off but whatever). I got the eggs Benedict which was fine (not amazing, not terrible) and some coffee.  The coffee was pretty good and at first the waitress would frequently come by and refill our mugs, however, once the brunch crowd left and the cafe was mainly filled with people doing work, the she stopped coming around.  If we wanted more coffee or water, we had to walk up to the front and ask for some, which was a little disappointing.
The wifi comes on around 3:30 I believe, so if you want to do any work involving the internet, prepare to wait until then.
I think I'll come back to here to get some work done because I like the change of scenery and it's close to Penn's campus, but I'd pass on just coming for a meal.Just found this local spot and it's fantastic for breakfast. The food is unique and flavorful be sure to try the hot sauce.  Wait staff was very friendly and courteous. We will definitely be back.Pretty good cafe in University City. The owner is super nice and helpful. The food was more expensive than what I was expecting, but there are lots of yummy options for vegans/vegetarians! The ambiance of the place makes it a great study space - I just thought the food didn't live up to the price that you had to pay for it.Consistently delicious and rarely overcrowded brunch joint. I love the white/sweet potato mix in the home fries and the coffee is the strongest west of the Schuylkill. Vegetarian and GF friendly.I hesitate to give this place 3 stars because it was good and everyone else in my party loved their food. However, based mainly on my food experience, I can't justify 4 stars. 
I had the breakfast burrito and was left wanting. It was plenty of food and very filling physically but I kept taking bites hoping to taste more flavor. Like 'perhaps I haven't gotten to the spices or sauce yet and just need to keep eating.' Even the salsa they gave with my burrito was relatively bland. 
The other people in my party thoroughly enjoyed their meals. The Lemon Poppy Seed pancakes were described as the perfect level of sweetness. The Norwegian omelet was also reported to be good, but honestly it looked a little lackluster. 
The restaurant quickly became crowded at 11am so I highly recommend going before. This is also a BYO, so feel free to bring some brunch drinks. They do serve a complementary bottle of champagne with the purchase of a carafe of orange juice.An excellent little cafe with a hip, jazzy feel and a wide range of food. A bit on the pricey side, but definitely worth the money.This cafe is a well appreciated addition to the West Philly coffee scene. It has a rather expansive menu and a colorful, welcoming interior.
For most reasons, this review should be four stars but the offensive customer service severely detracts from an otherwise very enjoyable experience. It is very apparent that the baristas have no need for your business. When I walked in there was no greeting--if only I were a pretty girl!--and when I tried to pay debit, there was no apology that it was cash only. I certainly respect that it is cash only, I understand that banks charge absurd surcharge fees--but at least pretend to apologize? As is, I could tell he really just wanted his smoke break and didn't care if I stayed. Finally, they won't do tea refills! A tea refill is hot water! That costs nothing. Not a big deal in itself but it reflects the staff's entire mindset.
So, Renata, you should be great, and this review should be four stars, but you don't seem to care that I exist, which isn't always the best business practice.
Again, the tea refill is not a major issue but I will interpret it symbolically: if you start refilling hot water, I will feel appreciated and will gladly change this review from two to four stars. Heck, I'll even do five!We had a great time here and would definitely go back!
We had no problem being seated at noon on a Sunday, but we did have to sit by the door. Even though the cafe is all one room, there wasn't a problem with noise or anything. We were also well-received, even though we were in jeans. Yay, University City!
The service was decent. Our waitress was really nice, but she forgot to bring my water. I had to go to the bar and get it because I was unable to flag anyone down. 
I am a vegetarian and there were plenty of options available. I decided to go with the Eggs Benedict, and it was okay. The egg wasn't as cooked as it should have been, but the sauce was one of the best I've had. Also, the portions are really well-sized. The coffee is also great, with plenty of refills. :)
It's a bit off the beaten path, but I recommend this cafe.Great study space, good music selection, and fantastic iced chai. Also fresh mint tea and a number of really appetizing freshly baked pastries. I've yet to try the food menu items but from what I've seen at other people's tables they look great. And unlike so many places in this neighborhood they take cards. My only complaint is that the paint color is really not aesthetically pleasing but small sacrifice I guess.My past two visits here have been disappointing. On my most recent visit I tried the Waffle Ranchero, figuring the merger of two favorite breakfast dishes would not disappoint, but it did. The ranchero aspect was uninspired and bland, and had I taken a moment to think about it, I'd have realized syrup doesn't mix well with beans and salsa. I left thinking it was a gimmick, the reason nobody else has attempted it. The second brunch visit the Eggs Benedict sounded good, but I didn't really want the Canadian bacon. I realize in other parts of the country this might sound odd, but in hyper vegetarian and vegan West Philly, this really isn't an unusual request. When I said no bacon, the waitress for some reason felt it necessary to clarify it was Canadian bacon, then tell me I could not have it without. Um, okay. I went with the Florentine, which was okay, but again a little bland. The coffee was decent, but with so many other choices in the neighborhood, I won't be back.This place deserves higher ratings! The wait wasn't bad even though I came with a party of 8 people, the service was very accommodating, and all the food was really delicious/worth the price! The portions wore huge - especially the breakfast burrito which I think someone before has said is the size of a small baby...he/she really wasn't exaggeratingReally cute decor and no wait on a Sunday afternoon... But the food was just okay. 
I had the breakfast burrito which was decent but it was a mexican style dish served with pico but contained BBQ beans! This seemed quite odd to me and didn't really suit my fancy. My friend got the open faced Cuban which seemed alright - nothing amazing - though the side of scrambled eggs it was served with were top notch. We also shared two sides of bacon which were decent - I mean how bad can bacon be? However, they were a bit more airy and less hardy than I would have liked!
I'd go back and try again because the place serves brunch until 5pm and its byob! (Or buy an $18 pitcher of oj and get a bottle of sparkling wine.) Really wish the food was more special as the cafe has such a relaxing cozy feel and the waitresses were very attentive.
(Note: the waitresses were a bit overly attentive. Like constantly checking in. I didn't love it. But it was "good" service and they were sweet.)This place is getting more and more popular, but it's definitely a great alternative to some of the more popular brunch spots in Philly. It's intimate and cute, and has quality food for a good price. 
I've tried a bunch of the options here, and all of them have been really good. I had the waffles, and they were satisfactory, but honestly not that different from waffles you could make at home with your wafflemaker. The next time I had the Shakshouka, which I recommend - the egg/tomato salsa combination is one of my favorite, and they did it really well. I also had the pancakes once, and they were delicious, but again, I'd recommend the egg/Mediterranean options, since they are more unique. I also really appreciated that the food here is filling, but not too heavy like most brunch places. 
If you're trying to boozy brunch, they also have a deal where you can "buy orange juice and get champagne free". This means that you pay $12 for a carafe of OJ and a bottle of champagne, which is a pretty good deal!CALL BEFORE YOU GO.  Renata closes on random days without notice, which is not good business practice.  Other than that, it's a pretty good little UC neighborhood cafe.Cafe Renata keeps getting better and better. Today it was open on Labor Day and my brother and I got few mimosas!  I drank so many cups of coffee-- I feel excellent! 
Waffle Ranchero was really good. Fruit parfait was really coconuty. 
Wait service is great and the updates/renovations to the interior is SO BEAUTIFUL! I love sitting in there. The wood is really pretty. You can order at the counter or have a waiter.  They play really nice music. 
On those rare days when you're tired of living in trash and old rotting things, Cafe Renata makes you feel like you're on vacation from Philadelphia. 
(Also: bitchy people who write negatives yelp reviews are so entitled ?? Why don't they open a restaurant? And cook and clean and endlessly answer the same questions over and over while trying to be polite? Get real.)I really like this place. The service is very personal, the espresso is great, and the food is pretty good. I love the location too (pretty much a two minute walk from me). There's wifi and it's a quiet atmosphere so you can definitely study here.Lovely young couple produced cafe with wonderful hospitality and products. Our memorial day brunch was a lovely and tasty visit. Not in my vicinity but well worth the trip for light fare and a neighborhood vibe.My second brunch at Cafe Renata and I LOVED IT!  The decor is warm and welcoming. The service excellent... I had plenty of water, and refills of coffee. It's clear to me that the Chef is actually a "Chef" and not just a short order cook, because the dishes were plated beautifully and spiced to perfection. I've had a variety of omlettes, french toast, quiche, salad and croissant. Everything was delicious!  Highly recommend - I hope they have great success... great place.Four of us walked in on a Saturday morning at 9:30. The cafe had a few families finishing up their meals but the majority of two-tops were available. There were probably 20 empty chairs total. 
After waiting an awkwardly-long time for a server to help us find a table, we were told that there would be a 30 minute wait. Not only was 30min clearly a drastic overestimation (though overestimating is often wise), there was no consideration to putting two tables together for us. Instead, we walked out and spent about $90 on breakfast around the corner. 
If I were a small business owner and this happened, I would not be happy. Not only did they lose out on needed walk-in business, but we're unlikely to go back and will certainly pass this story along...I started going to Cafe Renata shortly after it opened, and I like what they've done with the place.  The late hours are great for my study schedule, the Wifi works well, and the music isn't too loud.  I always get the spiced cocoa, which is really good.  I just have to ask that they leave out the chocolate syrup, which takes away from the great flavor.  
I can tell the baristas are still learning the menu and getting comfortable.  Everyone has been nice, though the owner doesn't seem too personable.  I've only eaten the hummus and a slice of cake, which were both good, but everything is too expensive for me to try, especially since it's cash only.  
I've brought a few friends there to study and they liked it well enough.  It's definitely an asset to the neighborhood.I remember when it used to be called Cafe Clave. It's used to be so spacious, and the wifi was awesome. Now, it's trying to be something they are not. Call it a restaurant and drop the cafe. I read that the previous owner had some troubles and had to sell quick. Otherwise, the cafe would have still been awesome.
For the noobs that are saying the cafe is a hidden gem or great, it's not. It was here before you moved from whatever town you lived before. It used to be one of the best cafe spots in West Philly. It was another alternative to that ghastly cafe a block away, Green Line. Now, it looks like a cheap Sabrina's with poor service. At least Sabrina's has good variety of food. 
Why the hate? Fine, where do I begin...
1. Service is awful; I had to wait ten minutes just to get water. 
2. Their coffee is very bland at best. 
3. Wifi (when available) is inferior to the old cafe it once was.
4. Chairs are tiny. If you weigh more than 80 lbs, you will have a hard time sitting in them.
5. Cafe Clave had character. This restaurant doesn't. It's just another pretentious, hipster closet with poor coffee and service. 
I don't know why the old cafe closed down, but Clave will be very missed. It's a shame what they have done to the place. It looks terrible, sloppy and small. I rather stay home and study than ever set foot in that monstrosity that Clave is called now.I came here with some friends, and was not very impressed. The food was just okay. I ordered the blueberry waffles. They were decent, but it wasn't very much food for being $10 or so. I wish they would have included a side of bacon or sausage, since a waffle costs almost nothing to make. Everyone else's food was also not especially great. One of the sandwiches came with a slice of bread that was almost too hard to cut. The service was kind of weird. We had several different waitresses all at once, who would ask us the same questions in the same manner within just a minute or two of each other. Overall, it wasn't terrible, but there are much better brunch places in west philly.My girlfriend used to go here when it was Cafe Clave and liked it a lot so for her birthday we decided to try out Renata for brunch.  They really changed around the set up of the place and it was a decent atmosphere to just sit and chat.  The service was really good, almost excessively good because they had at least three different waitresses who came to help us constantly.  It was confusing to know which lady was actually our waitress.
My biggest complaint was that their menu was very confusing.  We went there at 12p on a Sunday and laying on each table was their "menu" so I ordered my food based on what was listed on there.  When I later went to the bathroom I noticed that they have a different menu posted on the chalkboard wall further back.  It had many more options that were not mentioned in the paper menu.  There were things on that menu that I would have much preferred to order (like a ham and cheese croissant) but none of our many waitresses mentioned that for some reason the paper menu only includes like 2/3rds of the menu.  It was really odd and rather annoying!
The food itself was enjoyable but not spectacular.  I got the ham+cheeses omelette, which was HUGE and came with potatoes (very tasty!) and toast.  I also shared an order of macaroni and cheese with my friends.  I was really not impressed by the mac and cheese.  It was a decent sized portion for $6 but was excessively oily and seemed like maybe it came from a box or something.  I tried some of the Waffles Ranchero that my girlfriend ordered and it was tasty, but again it wasn't anything too exceptional.
In the end, for the price (between $9-$12 per meal) I was sort of disappointed.  Nothing was bad and service was fairly good but it definitely wouldn't be my first choice of a place to go.I go to cafe renata a lot. Usually when I'm doing laundry, but also whenever I need to take someone to brunch. Renata is AMAZING at brunch. Like, really really incredible. My roommate swears by the waffle rancheros and I personally love the eggs Benedict. And if you can, go for the mimosa carafe. Treat yourself.
That said, renata just feels super awkward the rest of the week/day. Coffee and snacks are always good, but the place acts somewhere between a coffee shop and a restaurant and doesn't know which it wants to be. Yeah, I love that I can get a sandwich there. But the atmosphere is like a coffeeshop trying to sell you a steak. It feels a little odd.
TL/DR: go for brunch or coffee.Friendly, kind waitstaff and cute interior. I got the Spanish omelet which came with both wheat toast and potato and sweet potato home fries, along with an iced mocha. Solid breakfast option near Penn.Cute place. But after coming here twice for two extremely underwhelming brunch experiences, I can't really say I'm a fan. 
The first time I came here, it was at around 1:15PM on a weekend. My first impression of the place was good: cute interior, large menu selection, a bustling clientele, and friendly service. I chose to go with the French toast (the standard option, but I forget what it was called). My experience was great until I took a bite from this French toast. It was extremely soggy and rich. Maybe this is fine for other people, but I prefer to feel like I'm the first person to chew my food when I put it in my mouth. As someone who typically eats sweets all day and always cleans up her plate, this was one of the few sweet items I've ever felt compelled to leave unfinished. 
Nevertheless, I just made a mental note to avoid the French toast next time I'd come here, which I did this  past weekend. It was loud and crowded, and there was a 30-minute wait. Food-wise, I ordered some kind of Tuscan style turkey sandwich that came with lettuce, tomato, bacon, avocado, and some pickle slices on the side. They let you have a choice of white or wheat bread, which is awesome. However, there wasn't really anything Tuscan about it and the turkey cold cuts they used were of poor quality - salty, fatty, and jelly-like in texture. It was hard to tell whether it actually came from turkey or anything else from this planet. There's really no excuse for this when the sandwich by itself costs nearly $10. 
If I ever come back, I'll stick with the latte, which was made more like a cappuccino, but at least it was drinkable.Nice place.  Tiny chairs. Good foodAs a lover of all things brunch, I have to say I was really satisfied with my visits! So I'm pretty surprised by all the negative comments on the page, and I don't quite agree with them. I came here for the first time with my parents, the second time with a few friends.
Café Renata is the definition hole-in-the-wall (but with cute furnishings), hidden hipster-y treasure on 43rd and Locust. Surrounding the café are a pharmacy, I believe, and houses, and from its slightly dingy exteriors, you'd never expect it to be as lovely as it is inside. There is a long wooden table for guests to sit at, with other tables scattered throughout the small interior. In my opinion, a pretty intimate place for a hearty meal.
My mother and I ordered iced mochas, which were just the right amount of sweet and served very cold in mason jars that were neither too big nor too small. For our brunch, my father ordered one of the omelets which was served hot with roasted potatoes and some wheat toast. My mom ordered the chocolate french toast, which was decadent in taste and the perfect option for those with a sweet tooth. It was decked out in chocolate (which you can check out if you look at my local photos album), soft, and light to the taste. I ordered the strawberries and cream pancakes, which were some of the fluffiest pancakes I've ever tasted. I was quite impressed with the freshness and quality of our meals. There are other items on the menu with more of a Mediterranean feel, such as the Shakshuka (three eggs atop spicy Moroccan salad) and the Mealhada, which according to the menu consists of "scrambled eggs, bacon, lettuce, tomato and swiss with maple mayo, roasted tomatoes, and pickles."
The second time I came, I ordered the Napoli omelet and came on a rainy day. It's quite the spot for when you want to have a nice meals with friends, maybe engage in long conversations in this tucked-away gem as busy life goes on outside. My only suggestion is cleanliness should be maintained and improved a little bit, but this is usually the case with very small restaurants in a slightly-hidden location. Overall, would definitely recommend this place to friends and I'm excited to go back and try the more Mediterranean-style dishes. Cute place with yummy options to match!I was pleased when I was going to pick up scripts last weekend at CVS Pharmacy  to see a sign , a new cafe where cafe clave used to be. What an interesting little cafe. There's a fresh coat of paint on walls and it looks brighter ,as well as a new floor. The menu  expanded a bit and in addition to Cuban flair, it also has Mediterranean/Lebanese flair. 
You can get breakfast all day and they also have salads, paninis including the cubano panini, empanadas and added such wonderful Lebanese staples as foul and baba ganoush along with hummus. Also, weekends they serve brunch which includes waffles and omelettes. They have all the standard coffee drinks and lovely, fresh mint tea, which our moroccan friend serves after we eat at his food cart. So what did I have for dinner? I had one of 5 salads: Fattoush and a Borreka : Spinach with feta and mozzarella cheese. You can also purchase all items to go and Marketplace: Hummus, foul, baba ganoush.
The owners seem friendly and have put their blood, sweat and tears in this cute, little place. Please note, currently this is cash only establishment,  but they have applied to have all the plastic. The restaurant is bright and clean. Aslo, it was refreshing not seeing students and laptops taking up all the tables,althoughthey do have free wifi.
 I welcome new cafes and small business in the hood. Welcome and good luck....I was super excited to try Cafe Renata...BYO brunch, locally owned (love to support local businesses), and a menu right up alley. It looked fantastic! Unfortunately, it wasn't nearly as good as I had hoped/anticipated. First of all, the "free bottle of sparkling wine with orange juice carafe purchase" is the biggest hoax/rip-off ever. When you charge $18 for a carafe of orange juice, you are more than factoring in the cost of a cheap bottle of sparkling wine. Not cool, and very misleading advertising in my opinion. I saw another review mention fresh-squeezed OJ...if that's the case, not sure why there was a big carton of Florida's Natural OJ on the counter.
My breakfast burrito completely lacked flavor...I couldn't taste the chorizo flavor at all. It was quite large, but otherwise disappointing. My friend's omelet was only OK. Nothing great, again, lacked flavor. My friend asked if there was any way she could get a side order of French Toast and the waitress flat out said "No. You can order a full portion and take it home." And as she walked away, I saw her make a rude face. Inappropriate...and really, a stupid decision on their part. Most brunch places I've been to offer a side order of a pancake, French Toast, etc. They could've sold a slice of French Toast for $4, but instead they made the customer feel stupid for even asking. Only good part of the meal was the coffee. It was tasty and my mug was always full. I would not return.