Not guest friendly at all. Came here to eat wanted a table at the corner cause didn't wanted to be in the middle. Because I came by my self they refuse to let me sit there cause its a table for four. Mind you not that there was no rush hours or expecting people to come in. It be my last time here. Hope the boss read this.Yummmm love this place! Limited menu selections but can't go wrong with anything on the menu, everything is delicious! I especially like the Bun Bo Hue. My brother loves their Pho and the braised chicken rice dish and the curry chicken. Great food, exceptional service, will def return again and again.Passed by this place and decided to have a try. It wasn't disappointed at all. Bun bo hue is a must try dish and it's really big too (even for regular size), worth the price. Personally, I feel that it's very hot. So I hope next time the waitress could warn customers before ordering the dish or they could put the hot sign on the menu. Overall, it was still a good meal. Ambience is very nice as well as the waitresses.I see a lot of great reviews about this place but for me, it is just mediocre pho place. I order the pho. The soup was sweet broth. Like it's been cooked for a long time, but it's not enough spices for me. The meatball they is great though. Wonder if they made it themselves or bought it. 
The bahn mi is also mediocre. The pork belly is not as flavorful I was hoping.
Their homemade hot sauce is super spicy, but that is not why I'm looking for at a pho place.
Edit: just to clarify, I didn't put the hot sauce on the pho, because that is not why I didn't enjoy the pho. I put the hot sauce on the side to eat it with my bahn mi.This place was recommended by a friend. It is now become one of my favorite spots for authentic Vietnamese food. Cafe Nhan is also very homey and has one of the better services among Asian restaurants as a whole. They are friendly and trendy. So far, my favorite dish is "bun bo hue." Spicy but not overwhelming. The broth is decent with a very good portion of noodles and meat. I will be back to try out other dishes.I had the BBH. It was flavorful and a nice size for my money. The service is good but the restaurant is small. My friend had the Pho and we shared the summer rolls. I tasted the Pho soup and wasn't too crazy about it and the summer rolls were also small and had no actual meat in it for the price they were asking forBomb.com
They have relocated a couple of doors down from the old tiny spot. This new location is a bit bigger and cleaner. Of course with an increase in workers, the price also went up! 
It's always an easy choice to get Bun Bo Hue from Cafe Nhan but I feel like that's all I could from the recent changes. The Mi Bo Kho is not the same as before, rice dishes are still probably the same and the pho was still 3/5. Banh Mi is great but not worth that price for a very small roll.
Regardless, I still love the place for the staff. Super friendly boss and staff that serve with politeness and patience!Mikey is the best server there.  He greets us by name and makes suggestions on the food.  Pho Nam was excellent and the portions are well priced.  They serve banh mi too and I suggest you make your way down here.Amazing place, awesome food love the Pho or the Bun Bo Hue. Defiantly coming back for some grub this weekendTheir pho is so full of flavor! I have to say I was very sad they had to close for renovations but so happy that they're back open and doing well.  I support independent businesses and their BBH is DELICIOUS! No one else in the city can compare!I came with 7 of my coworkers. Called ahead and Nicole was very accommodating with out group, even after several modifications. We were on a tight schedule so we called our orders ahead of time and got a few orders to go. 
After we arrived, the food was promptly served. Portions were large. They even offer an XL portion. I ordered the Bun Bo Hue, which was one of the best I've had. As mentioned by other reviewers, it is a more strongly flavored broth  compared to Cafe Diem. This place has joined Cafe Diem as my top Bun Bo Hue bowls in Philadelphia.
My coworkers also praised the food and Nicole and team's service. Most of them were non Vietnamese food eaters, but they all enjoyed it. They particularly enjoyed the Pho and Thit Kho. 
I very much enjoyed my experience here. We had quality food and fast  and friendly service. Would come back again.My go to place for Bún bò Hu! I cannot compare to any other place because I keep on going back here for Bún bò Hu. I love their homemade chili paste and adding this paste to the broth and eating with the sliced beef is so delicious! The service is awesome - staffs are very attentive and friendly. When I first went to Cafe Nhan I actually walked from my home in West Philly at 7am because I wanted to be hungry enough to eat and enjoy my breakfast noodles. When I told the staff member I walked from West Philly she told the owner (who was cooking in the kitchen). The owner actually came out shook my hand and thanked me. Don't worry, other times I drove :) I wish Cafe Nhan was closer so I can eat there more often.Adorable cafe with amazing food! Bun buo hue and BBQ chicken were both to die for. Owners are really sweet and staff is attentive. A rare gem!It's been said before, but the bun bo hue is amazing! Cannot get enough of it! Everyone who works there is super friendly. Prices are good. And love the new location!1) excellent service 2) small , simple and too the point menu 3) legit 4) BBH off the chain 5) can't wait to go back and try the banh miIn my pursuit to find a warm, flavorful soup, on the first snow day of the season, I came to Cafe Nahn. It seems many other people shared my idea because the tiny the restaurant had a 20-30 minute wait.
Well, the wait well worth it. I ordered the beef brisket stew and the caramelized pork belly, with boiled egg and rice.
The stew was hearty and very flavorful. This place clearly doesn't rely on a pile of salt for seasoning, like I've experienced at other places that serve headache-inducing, overly salted broth. And the beef was so tender that it fell apart. The rice noodles were also cooked to perfection with the ideal bouncy texture.
While the pork belly was good, it was well-seasoned and tender, I was expecting something a bit more grand. When caramelizing a protein, I thought the outer portion should be, at the very least, browned with a light or very light crisp on the surface.This pork didn't have the desired color or texture, it looked like it was stewed. Also, the pork belly lacked the star feature of this particular cut: the tri-layers comprised of skin and meat that are joined together by a nice layer of fat. And depending on how it was cooked, each layer lends a contrasting texture. At Cafe Nahn, it appears the chef removed the skin, which was a mild disappointment.
 Despite this, the dish wasn't the worse thing and had many other redeeming qualities like the aforementioned amount of flavor and tenderness. Another delicious touch was the boiled egg that was stained the color of the pork brother because it was most likely boiled in the broth.
I will definitely comeback to Cafe Nahn. The customer service and food were both great!I love bun bo hue so when I read reviews that this place has the "best" one, I had to go check it out. It really comes down to personal preference: nhan has a browner thicker base soup with a hint of "brothiness" close to anchovies (is it fermented shrimp paste?) while diem has a clearer soup fit even for the hottest summer day. Heat level was practically the same. While there are more types of meat in nhan's bowl, there's larger quantity of meat in diem. Try them both folks!
Other non-food observations:
1) Surprisingly good location but rather hard to find the sign (black font on gray brick). Really close to Snyder station on BSL.
2) Also upon entering you're hit with a strong smell of incense (which I don't mind at all but my fiancé could tell when I returned home). Maybe the alternative would've been the scent of my alluring post meal breath (there was too much sliced onion). Totally worth it!My go to at least once a week and at most 3-4 times a week.... because it's that good. Everyone's here is like family.. ! Food's bomb!Visiting Philadelphia for the 4th of July weekend. The food here are delicious. The bun bo is very flavorful and the bun rieu are delicious. These two dishes are hard to find outside of California that are delicious but here they are. The pork chop are moist and fill with lemon grass favors. So delicious. The yogurt are a delicious dessert treats. I got to visit the kitchen. I think owner are OCD because the kitchen is spotless. You can probably ate off the floor spotless. I have never seen a Vietnamese restaurant kitchen as clean as this one. The price are reasonably and will definitely come backA must try if you are in Philadelphia and craving Vietnamese food. From the ice coffee to the spring rolls, you can tell that this place is very authentic. Staff is very friendly and attentive to your needs. The BBH is a must try! Once you get a taste of that broth, you will be ruined forever. This place is my go to every time I visit! Enjoy!!!Five stars for the bun bo Hue and the bun bo Hue only. 
As a Vietnamese person (although admittedly not from the Hue region), this is the best bun bo Hue I've ever had. I can't describe the broth adequately - it has this very deep flavor that I've never had elsewhere. They give you a good amount of meat with the noodles, which is nice, compared to many other places that skimp on meat. They also make their own chili oil, which is very spicy, so be careful with how much you add. They have a normal and special version, the latter of which comes with blood cubes. The other big bun bo Hue place in town is Cafe Diem, which is a lighter broth, but I prefer the deeper flavor of Cafe Nhan.  
It's a very small store with just a few tables so not great for groups larger than 4 or so. Unfortunately, we tried a couple of the other dishes here (a rice dish and the banh mi), and they were not good. I would have knocked down the rating some for that, but the bun bo Hue is just THAT good.I absolutely LOVE this place. I remember when it was a hole in the wall a few doors down from its new location-which by the way was an old nail salon that my uncle owned! It's so sick seeing it transformed into a restaurant! 
The service is great, very attentive, nice and there's a great comfortable, home-y vibe. I came here the morning of the super bowl game so naturally it was packed because everyone was getting their pho fix. A woman-who i believe was the owner, came out to greet all the tables and she even recognized regulars that sat behind us. 
Onto the food, I got the bun bo hue, which everyone I know claims to be better than famous Cafe Diem. In my personal opinion I don't think it's better than Cafe Diem's BBH, but it's definitely up there in 2nd place. We also got the banh mi
op la to share and what came out was not expecting. It came out in a sizzling hot skillet with caramelized onion, red peppers, and vietnamese cold cuts all fried together with an egg on top and toasty baguette on the side....UM....AMAZING?!!??!!!! I've only seen banh mi op la served as basically a deconstructed banh mi thit nguoi with a fried egg so I was super intrigued and not only that it was DELICIOUS!! I will definitely be back, I can't say enough good things about this place!Wow! The best bun bo hue ever! And their service is on point. The second you walk in the door, you are welcomed and you feel very catered to. I paid with credit card, so this place is no longer cash only.I was a fan of this place before it moved into a fancier setting. It used to be a hole in the wall place where you were guaranteed to wait outside if you came on a Saturday during regular lunch hours and even irregular lunch hours! My SO and I were so saddened that it decided to move to a new location because we didn't know where to go for solid BBH as we wait for it to open back up again. But the wait is over!!! We both ordered the deluxe BBH and while the taste is the same and still so delicious I thought the freshness of the beef cuts dropped. It tasted like the beef was several days old. Perhaps the BBH we got was on the later end of the batch, because I do know at the old place- they mass make it during one of the days and just store it in plastic containers and reheat as it is ordered. Will definitely give it many more chances because the flavor is still solid.Best Pho in Philly! After coming here a couple of times with my friends. This is our go to place when the weather is gloomy or raining.I've been eating pho in Philadelphia since 1997. It was always great! Always...you never got a BAD bowl of pho...it might be so-so...it might be the jenesaisquoi that you don't know why it isn't great but there is something missing...Not here!..not only are the fundamental basic pho and Vietnamese techniques understood, they are evolved.This is next level pho!!! My favorites...the ox-tail pho.oh man!!!...the beef brisket stew with carrots with rice noodles!!! (death row last meal).. The broken rice platters are off the top turnbuckle! Get the pork belly jawn! Thank me later!...my friend turned me on to the chicken curry pho!!! I was in a pho-coma!...Get that!!...I can't wait to go back!..see you there!!Accepts Credit Cards!
Friendly service. Savage pho.
Cozy layout. And they have hoodies and T-shirts to remember your time there.Prompt, friendly service, and the best damn soup around. One of the best restaurants in South Philly. I crave their broth at least once a week especially when it is cold outside. Their main draw is the soup but don't sleep on the bahn mi and other items. Everything I've tried is delicious.First time ordered Vietnamese hoagies and Pho  via Postmates. It was good! Btw, please use code: 6uldb to get $100 off delivery fee on postmates.comAlthough their bo kho is a little on the saltier side, it was delicious. Definitely coming back!Best BBH in Philly. My husband and I go here about once a week to eat the BBH. The pho, bun rieu, and banh mi are really good as well. Oh and don't forget to try their Vietnamese iced coffee.Went here for the first time for lunch, and it was pretty delicious. We had their Hu Tieu/Mi Bo Kho (Beef Stew) and Mi Bo Ga (chicken Curry Stew). Service was great and prices were reasonable. Giving it a 4 Star for taste, both noodle dishes were good but not great. Personally thought the beef stew could be a bit more stewy rather than more on the soupy side. The chicken curry stew was the same and didn't quite warrant a 5 Star. Overall, great experience.Little shop located on Passyunk. Seems like a family owned place. Friendly and attentive servers. Food tastes good with average size portions. I would recommend this place if you are looking for some Vietnamese comfort food.That place is amazing. The service is amazing and food is amazingly good !!!!!!!! I literally come here once a week ! If your in Philly you gotta stop here and give it a try !New location is beautiful! This location is still small, but that's mostly because it's busy. The food and the service is amazing. The wait staff are attentive but not pushy or annoyingly hovering all the time. I had the marinated chicken and egg w/rice the chicken was super soft and flavorful and it was just as good as if my mom made it, and that's saying a lot since I usually don't like most Vietnamese food compared to my mothers' cooking. My bf has the Bun bo hue, which was super flavorful and spicy but not too spicy. We've had the bun bo hue from the old location and it was good then but it's improved a bunch now to where I have no complaints at all. The last thing we tried was the banh mi dac biet which was the pork belly & sliced pork hoagie. It was good but I would've wanted it to be bigger and more meat! Lol but that might be me being greedy. Overall this will be my go to Vietnamese restaurant.This is a nice addition to the neighborhood. This place literally moved a few doors down from its original location. Nice renovated.
Food taste is homemade vietnamese food. I had the pho here and it's pretty good. Bun no hue is good.
Staff is attentive and friendly.I ordered a bahn mi and it was so small. It was not a bahn mi, it's a hot dog roll pretending to be one at the price of $4.50!!Hands down my favorite Bun Bo Hue spot. My boyfriend discover this hole in the wall place and I became in love with this dish ever since. I visit here about once a week. The broth is so flavorful and spicy (good type of spicy). Their menu also expanded and you can order other items like banh mi (Vietnamese sandwich), rice dishes, and pho!Service is amazing compared to other Asian owned restaurants! They also accept credit cards now !The search is over. I doubted the raving reviews about this establishment's bun bo Hue --- I must admit that I have to hand over the crown to Cafe Nhan. Unlike other restaurants, Cafe Nhan delivers on their spicy lemongrass soup. The broth is infused which such rich flavor and spice, the vermicelli noodles the perfect chew and bite, loads of protein in a bowl - enough to let the $11/bowl pricing pass. Minor points taken off in the taste department for a salty broth and chewy pork knuckle.
As it has already been mentioned, the space is a nice upgrade from their previous location. Seating arrangement is not so packed, open feeling, clean atmosphere, nice lighting and modern aesthetics (especially the custom logo, LED-lit counter space).
While their food does bring the flavor, the inconvenience of cash only especially being at a higher price point than their competitors can make them less attractive. Other than that, they certainly have made an impression to keep me coming back.
Pro tips:
- Stick with the regular BBH, unless you really like pigs blood. Not worth the extra $1.
- Upgrade your bowl size costs $3.
- Check out their yummy homemade yogurt. A simple and perfect dessert to a warm bowl of noodles.Oh my deliciousness! Baby girl was on the hunt for a tofu bahn mi, and I was in the mood for some soup. We have heard nothing but great things about new local hot spot Cafe Nahn so we decided to head there...
Unfortunately Cafe Nahn does not have veggie based broth (as of yet, they informed me), but they overheard my disappointment and offered to create my lil veg-heads and me a veggie meal just for us! Vermicelli, cabbage, tofu and such he said. We're in! It was absolutely delicious! What sounded like a bowl of plain ingredients was rather tasty! I'm not sure if it was how the tofu was marinated or the cooked and fried onions that gave it so much flair, but it was fantastic! Add the fresh bean sprouts, fresh mint and cilantro, the crunch of the cabbage and cucumbers and drizzled with the warmed soy sauce to top (although I didn't really feel it needed it) and it was so surprisingly flavorful!! My little one who had already eaten jumped right in on the action too! The bowl which they told us could be made with rice and fish sauce instead of soy was large enough to happily feed three of us! I'm telling you, it was insane! If this simple veggie bowl was an indication of what the other meals taste like, I'm impressed and think you will be too. Vegans and vegetarians, ask for this!! YUM!! So, so good!
The bahn mi was also a winner, but a tad different than we're used to. The tofu was soft and super tasty. The roll, crispy and perfect. It came with those yummy cooked onions, which is new to me. Not bad, just different. We did ask for this one sans jalapeño because the littles were eating it also. Very delicious. 
Complimentary hot tea completed our meal and the service was top notch. We were greeted by Mom, Pa and son. We felt like we were guests in their home. It was truly lovely!
The kiddos LOVED everything and I can certainly see us grabbing takeout from here often as many were doing last night. Baby girl who wasn't even hungry upon entering gave it a "100 Stars" and the other one asked when we can come back. 
Oh, back in angle parking and cash only!Incompetent staff. Andrew or whatever his name is, is a rude and condescending moron of a manager. If you decide to make it your business to partner up with Uber eats or any delivery services and cannot complete the order before the driver picks up. Who's fault is it?
Ubers? or the restaurant?
And then continue to berate a customer for calling and trying to figure out what went wrong, only to be met with blame... "Oh you've never used Uber eats before? they are always like that...Sorry sir but that's your fault harharhar! But sir there is nothing I can do they haven't paid us yet so...we are just going to do a half ass job in getting your order ready. OK!" just give Uber a call they'll fix everything they know we suck.
Then why did you partner with them? Why are you blaming Uber Eats? They are not the ones preparing the food you losers!
Never again to this restaurant never again to cafe naaahh!Whoa, seems like everyone really raves about the pho here, but, I normally only go for one dish. They have the best bun bo hue in the Philadelphia region. They tend to run out of this dish often (total bummer and I have to order other items), but I still go later in the day hoping for that last bowl (I did get the last bowl once at the old location btw...lol...so it does happen, if I'm lucky). I do recommend going early though if this soup is the only thing you absolutely want.
New location is still small, but bigger than the previous place. Very cute and designed nicely. I came on a weekend a little after lunch. Half the menu was already sold out. I was totally bummed. So, I tried their banh mi bo kho (beef stew served with bread to dip it in). It was good, had a bit of a kick, and loaded with beef and carrots, but it didn't quite hit the spot. I think some beef tendons in it would have been nice. My husband had the oxtail pho when we last went. The bowl seems to have gotten smaller??? Maybe I don't quite remember, but I used to remember him leaving the place full, but this time, he was still starving. The broth was very flavorful though.
They definitely need to make more broth for the Bun Bo Hue! LOL (I'm sure they are still testing out their new location and amount of soup needed though). I will certainly be back, but earlier next time to guarantee myself a bowl of deliciousness.Love Nicole and Tina, awesome service. Great food. 10/10 would recommend. Everyone is very kind and food is so flavorfulJust visited today for the first time and I'm so glad I did. Mostly because I had no idea that they delivered and now I do. Andrew was very friendly and professional. I had the Pho Nam and it was delicious! I liked that all the flavour was there but I got to season it to my liking. The beef brisket was cooked perfectly and there were plenty of noodles(important to a carb addict like me). I also had the fried wonton with a sweet chili sauce, which were a perfect bite size starter. Great little local business worth supporting. I will definitely be going back again or having delivery.What a great find! This is very good Vietnamese fare and the ingredients are high quality. Within a few minutes of placing my order through grubhub a very nice woman from the restaurant called me to clarify one of my special instructions. the cha gio was crisp, tasty and satisfying and still hot upon arrival. the goi cuon was lovely except that the wrapper is too heavy - it's a bit thick and pretty chewy and is just "too much." that might be because they make them very large with lots of lettuce inside. i love all that lettuce so i enjoyed the last half of one more without the wrapper. i thought the peanut dipping sauce was good...not too runny. as another appetizer to share we also got a bahn mi thit ba chi without the bread and it was delightful that way! very fresh and tasty with tender meat and the fresh, cool veges were a nice contrast to the very enjoyable bun ca ri ga. re the latter, the chicken was so soft and tender it really was falling off the bone. i was super happy to have this as take-away so that i could remove the bones, wash my hands, then chow down! delivery through grubhub was fast. what a great meal!Great Bun Bo Hue! Love the house made blood cube and pig feet. Parking was easy, meter parking on the street. Would definitely come back.Four of us had a really wonderful dinner here tonight, sharing double orders of the Goi Cuon summer rolls and the Cha Gio spring rolls, and four separate entrees, each different from our usual Vietnamese choice(s).  The waitstaff are gracious, but not obsequious, lovely people who made us feel welcome and appreciated. The Goi Cuon were among the best we've had, delicately, but discernibly, flavored. In particular, the braised chicken BBQ was amazingly delicious, getting stiff competition from the curry, itself the best Vietnamese version we've ever enjoyed.  The high quality of the food amply compensates for the smallish menu, all of which I intend to fully explore and experience, and we can't wait to return to try it again.The place is cute and clean. The services are friendly and fast. The foods are delicious and great price. I have nothing to complain but only great experiences.Hands down, best Bun Bo Hue in Philly. This place is legit and deserves to be in a bigger location but for now, it's a gem in the wallOne thing I love about this place is that they deliver without me having to use Uber eats. I just wish they were open 7 days. I would not recommend pho here  Which is mediocre to me however I do recommend the BUN RIEU  Which is crab meat soup what tomatoes and vegetable. But you must have shrimp paste on the side to add to the soup it is not authentic bun rieu without it but the broth is fantasticJust had the best bowl of Bun Bo Hue ever. Great customer service. Cozy restaurant. Definitely recommended!!!GOAT Vietnamese Restaurant.
Came in here after suggestions from my friends and I can't believe I haven't been here sooner. Read no further than this: This is the best Vietnamese Restaurant in Philadelphia.
That is quite an accomplishment because Philadelphia is known for a lot of great SE Asian restaurants, especially Vietnamese Blvd known as Washington Ave.
Here's what I've tried: 
Pho has an incredible broth, that's not too salty, delicious and piping hot. Bun. The meat is incredibly tender and soft (never had meatballs so soft)
Bun Bo Hue is very fresh with perfect sized noodles, not too oily, could be a bit spicier for my liking, but the meat cuts and blood cubes are superb. I would like a bit better garnishing and some more crisp in the dish, from my past experiences from A+ BBHs
Bun Rieu's broth is incredibly light as well. The dish is simple and perfect if you want a change of pace. Again, what stands out is the meat, they cook everything perfectly with great texture that makes this place stand out from most Viet restaurants.Small family own like - but good service and good food! Like ur mom and older sister serving you food in ur table.Ever since this place first opened, I've been wanting to try it. So many great reviews, you have to try it for yourself. 
I stopped by after that enlarged my restaurant. There's a good amount of seating and the staff is very kind. 
I hear about the bun no hue all the time so I decided to try it out. I'm Viet so I know bun bo hue can be pretty spicy. But the waitress was so kind to suggest that they could ask the dilute the broth to make it less spicy for me- which I seriously appreciated. 
We ordered the fried wontons to start and the bun bo hue as a meal. I suggest both of them!! 
If you're thinking of coming here, do it! You won't be disappointed.I'm really happy with my food. Highly recommend:)) and the service girl is so friendly and helpful. Thank you!Is crying during a meal normal? 
I thought I was eating from the hands of gods. 
Yes I was hungover, yes it's from the greatest win of all time! Yes I needed Vietnamese to take the excitement down. But my goodness I wasn't prepared for this. My boyfriend usually NEVER chooses a place to eat. But he knocked it out of the park on this one. Our local placed closed 4 months ago So we've been looking for that flavor and we found a flavor metropolis here! They were closing by the time we got out of traffic but placed our order very kindly. Offered tea and water while we waited. We got the spring and summer rolls, Pho and pork belly. Fresh isn't the word to respective describe it. It's one of the best meals I've had in my life. And I EAT.  
I do have one(tiny -nothing they can do about it) complaint, the parking sucks. You all know I'm a stickler for where I leave my car and sadly this is an unsavory neighborhood. Broad street is like 2 blocks from this joint had I known I would have parked some place safer and walked. 
As a pro, they take a card. which I noticed was a huge deal a while ago. It just started recently. Go there, take everyone you know, leave before I get there. Please and thank you!Since Bun Bo Song Ngoc closed down in Kensington I have been a lost soul without my authentic bun bo Hue (BBH). One of my uber customers recommended this place to me but I haven't had the chance to try it until now. 
The place was small but really cozy and surprisingly modern looking. Right off the bat, this place gave out a good vibe. The two waitresses Sandy and Nicole were super friendly an efficient. They knew their customers by name and came out to check on every one of them. The servers here really knew the menu inside out and seem to love the food they're serving, a huge sign that the spot was legit.
I didn't expect them to have so many authentic dishes like caramelized pork with eggs over rice and homemade meat balls in tomato sauce. I ended up getting the BBH and banh mi xiu mai (Vietnamese meat balls). 
The bun bo was incredibly flavorful. The broth had such a deep and rich beef flavor that was out of this world. The beef tasted super fresh and I love their Vietnamese ham, they sliced it thin so it tasted much smoother than the thicker cuts that some places served. Their meatballs was packed with meat, not fillers. The tomato sauce soaked into the meatballs, creating this juicy bite when devoured. 
One of guys I met from the next table, Steve, wanted me to try one of his favorite dishes here. He ordered their banh mi ba chi (pork belly hoagie) and shared half with me. I'm telling you, this hoagie was ridiculously good. The pork belly was melt-in-your-mouth tender. It was one of the best bites of banh mi I've had in awhile. If you are reading this, Steve, thank you, brother.
Again, one of the most amazing experiences I've had. Even the chef, Andrew, came out to greet me and thanked me for coming by. Terrific service, amazing food and incredible vibes make this one of my top recommendations in Philly!I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review for this place, but now I need to share! I'd heard such great things for so long that I needed to see for myself what the hype was all about. And it certainly delivered. First off, the service is impeccable. Quick, polite, efficient, and one of the waitresses there is so charming! Wish I knew her name but you'll know her when you see her! It's a shame the space is so small, because it usually results in a bit of a wait during busy times, but totally worth it.
Now let's get to the food. The pho broth here is unreal. It's just as flavorful as other places in south philly, but super CLEAN, without all the grease and MSG. I can actually finish every drop of the soup without feeling gross and lethargic afterwards. They also have the best BBH (bun bo hue) I've ever had--always a struggle deciding between the two every time I go. The bahn mi's are also solid, and my friends are a big fan of the rice bowls, though I haven't tried it myself. It is considerably pricier than other pho joints, but you get your money's worth if you're really going for quality and not quantity. 
Oh, and don't forget to get the viet iced coffee!Great place for Vietnamese good! My favorite is their fried wonton and bun bo hue. The place is not that spacious so make sure to call ahead of time if you plan to bring lots of people. Highly recommmend!Impressive is all I have to say! Even though I only had the bun bo hue. I am blown away by the flavor and the delicacy of the broth. It's spicy but you can taste the full complex beefiness and lemon grass. One sip of the broth and you can tell the time that was put in to make the broth. It brought me back to my to Vietnam where I first had bun bo hue on the street. It's served with it's condiment of bean sprouts, herbs, cabbage, lime wedge, and house made chili oil (sauce). But one of the most important condiment that most people don't know or don't like is fermented shrimp paste. Only people from the main land Vietnam or people that have travel to Vietnam. Would know that the potent, saltiness of the shrimp paste. Adds another dimension of flavor to the broth and brings to another level of taste. The pigs feet is cook really well where it's tender and gelatinous. Some place cook too long where it's disintegrated. Some don't cook it long enough where it's tough and chewy. This place got it right on the spot. The brisket was perfect. Tender, beefy, and fatty. 
If you think Cafe Diem's Bun Bo Hue is good.  In my opinion Cafe Nhan is better. No disrespect to Cafe Diem they are good too. But I think they lost what made them good. The broth lost it's essent and flavors. It not beefy or herby like before. It taste like they cut back on time in making the broth and use a lot of soup base powder. Maybe because of the popularity, demands and business it gain over the years. 
Cafe Nhan have been open for little over a year now and is starting to build it own popularity. It a small cozy place on 16th and Passyunk next to a auto garage and across the street from a Sunoco. It fits about maybe 15 to 20 people at max. My server a young lady is attentive and friendly. She seems really outgoing and really informative. I also have the honor of meeting the owner. She is this little kind lady that gave me the impression of a mother. She was warm and really welcoming. We had a little chat about her foods and where she came from. And she was grateful of my comments. 
This five star is not only for the food and services. But also for the warm homey feeling atmosphere that this place enmities. This visit will not be my last and for all who is looking for good bun bo hue. Cafe Nhan is my new go to spot.Everything in this little restaurant is delicious!! Prices can be expensive compare to other places but you get what you pay for... I won't recommend ordering to-go since every time I to-go their portion is very small compare to their dine in portion. Their bun bo hue is the BEST! One of the best places to eat Vietnamese food if you're in Philly.OMG! Delicious! Delicious! I ordered the Bun Bo Hue and it was the the best bun bo hue that I have ever had. It had so much flavor and they give you such a huge portion for a great price. You didn't have to add anything extra to the broth. It was perfect. Service was friendly and prompt and the place was clean. We ordered 2 banh mi sandwiches to go. The marinated chicken with lemongrass and pork belly. The pork belly was ok but the marinated chicken with lemongrass was amazing. Best banh mi sandwich. Can't wait to go back.What a little gem! Excellent pho- great flavor in broth. Amazing service. They clearly take pride in the place and they should. This will be our new soup place in the city.Yes!!! The anticipating NEW and IMPROVED Cafe Nhan!!! 
The long wait is finally over. I've been dying for Nhan's fresh hot bowl of Spicy Beef Noodle Soup that I'm so loyal too that I refuse to go anywhere else! It's nearby the old location (about couple doors away), but better than ever in terms of indoor setting. Although still small, a lot more tables than before. Plus staff as well. All friendly.
This review is solely for the Bun Bo Hue. The bowl consists of a good amount of noodles and meat. I always get the special that comes with everything. Toss in some extra condiments. You know a twist of lime, fresh herbs, mounds of shredded red cabbage, and oh don't forget the funky shrimp paste. The soup still has that made out of love broth and carries the right dosage of spiciness. You can add more if you like at your own caution. I can really taste the richness of the flavor. Always a happy belly when finished.
They have other traditional Vietnamese dishes. Their Pho is quite popular too. However, their hoagies and rice dishes are decent. Prices have increased, but not too bad. I wish they offer desserts though. Would make my experience more complete. Oh, and it's still CASH ONLY.This place is awesome! The service is fast and friendly, the food is affordable...not to mention...ABSOLUTELY delicious! My girlfriend and I definitely plan to make this our regular spot... we've tried tons of pho places all over the city and this is our favorite so far. Check them out!!!Bun Bo Hue means more than just food. The taste, the smell, everything of it is so nostalgic to me. Plus, the staffs are always friendly and caring here. Can't wait to come back!!I ordered take out from here and was greeted with great service. The place itself was pretty empty but has lots of seats and looks clean. I ordered the combination pho, bun bo hue, pork chop over rice, and the combination banh mi. The noodles were flavorful and the bun bo hue was on the spicy side but I really enjoyed the soup. The pork chop over rice was kind of disappointing. It was only one piece of pork chop. The banh mi was really small, no wonder it was around $5. Overall, come for the noodles!Very clean and modern. The prices are reasonable and the size of the place is small but comfortable. The Bun Bo Hue is the best I've tasted! Better than Cafe Diem! The dishes are unique and not found elsewhere, like the Banh mi. The staff are nice, thoughtful and care about the reputation of their restaurant. I highly recommend them.One of the best Vietnamese restaurants in Philly! The owner of another restaurant in South Philly recommended this place to me and my bf and I'm so glad she did. 
Cafe Nhan has a solid variety of Vietnamese soups, ranging from pho to bun rieu, which is a little harder to find. They also have some of the standard appetizers like egg rolls and spring rolls. I tried the pho and the bun bo hue. The pho was great -- I'm personally not a pho person, but I can definitely appreciate good pho when I have it. The broth was clear and flavorful, and the bowl came with a  lot of meat. I also had the bun bo hue, which is probably my favorite Viet food. It was perfect. The broth was rich, spicy, and everything I ever wanted in bun bo hue. The noodles were perfectly chewy. Cafe Nhan also gives the option to add the blood cubes. 
Service was quick and polite. I'll definitely be back in the future to eat the bun bo hue again.What an absolute upgrade this place has gone through! The new place looks amazing comparative to their prior location. The long awaited re-opening of restaurant has finally come and I couldn't be happier. 
Hands down if I could give this place more than 5 stars, I certainly would. I've been to the restaurant a handful of times, and each and every single time I never leave disappointed. I've tried several things on their menu and they continue to exceed all expectations and all aspects that a restaurant should. 
Staff are ALWAYS friendly and cater to exactly what you need. Personally I have a low spicy tolerance so I'm unable to try the Bun Bo Hue that everyone raves about. My recent visit - I ordered the Bun Ca Ri (vermicelli with curry). It came out PHENOMENAL. The chicken melted in my mouth, the meat practically fell off the bone. The potatoes were nice and soft, just like I like it. The broth was a perfect consistency, I personally do not prefer broths that are too watery, but at the same time not too thick. This was perfectly right in the middle for curry. Flavor was delightful and tasted exactly like my grandma's home cooked curry (this place is the epitome of bringing home cooked food into the restaurant setting). Noodles were cooked to my exact liking and texture. Everything together just blew me away. 
They give hearty portions so I'm always leaving this place with leftovers. Prices are average for the typical Vietnamese cuisine in the area but you're definitely paying for higher quality than other establishments. Highly recommend, I'll stop here any chance I get when I'm in the area!!My favorite Viet restaurant in Philly and I was born and raised in this city! Nice little spot to get a big flavorful bowl of noodles. Best Bun bo hue and bun rieu- with generous amount of meat and noodles. The boss lady is very nice and checks on her customers regularly!!! Not expensive at all, you are getting what you're paying for! Definitely recommend for anyone visiting philly for a week, a day or a month!Since our favorite Pho places all seemed to close down in succession this is our new go-to. Really excellent broth, attentive service, quick takeout and a penchant for a female staffed kitchen makes this a favorite. Though, I wish they'd execute some of the non-pho dishes with the same attention as they did their broth. Go here for the soup dishes, for sure, best in South Philly, don't believe the hype, you know who I'm talking about.Neighborhood gem!! Finally got the chance to try out the new location (which is a few doors down from old) and it was just as good. I love the bun rieu here, it's flavorful with decent amount of fix-ins. The color of the broth is spot on and reminds me of a home-y taste. BF has tried the bun bo hue and he really enjoys it as well. The meat was tender and broth was also delicious. The new space is modern and clean with much more seating. The staff are all super friendly. The menu is more expansive now so there is something for everyone! Overall, a very decent meal for a reasonable price.Make sure you are not wearing your Sunday best when you visit Cafe Nhan.  Because if not, depending on what you order you could be wearing some of your dinner!  
Definitely concur with the other reviewers here that the Bun Bo Hue is really delicious here.  The broth is super delicious, I often find myself slurping the broth before I even finish the noodles or the other accompaniments.  It is the slurping that never fails to stain the dress shirt I'm wearing.  The entree itself should just come with a bib as part of the meal.  Thankfully all my ties have been spared!  I've also tried the chicken leg and the fried spring rolls but honestly, the Bun Bo Hue is definitely the thing to get here.  Although ordering anything other than the Bun Bo Hue would be alot safer for my shirts/ties.   
As far as the service, it is generally accommodating here, I once forgot my wallet in my car outside and was able to leave without paying to retrieve it and come back.  I'm also glad to see they finally updated the hours correctly on their website.  If I had written this review earlier when it was listed that they were open on Wednesdays when they weren't or when they stated they were open 30 mins later when they weren't, I would have knocked it down to three stars.  I arrived a few times when they were closed even when yelp or their own website stated they were open.  As a result I don't visit as often even though I want to.
Free parking is a super pain in the rear.  There is however meter parking nearby.Just left with take out. The food is amazing! There is half a chicken in here....it is so good. Mind blownReally delicious new Vietnamese restaurant. If your vegetarian, ask about their tofu dish because it's not on the menu and the veg options are slim.Best soup noodle dish in the area 
The Pho , you know it's good when you don't need to add any sauce to make it taste good . The Pho broth alone is amazing,especially if you're sick/under the weather or even hung over. The broth will give you second life 
The Bun Bo Hue,- the flavor, the heat, everything about this soup is checked off the list of a perfect BBH 
Not only is the soups dishes  are amazing, the other dishes on the menu , hasn't let me down at all. 
If you're in the area definitely  check it out 
I promise you won't be disappointed , and if you did then you don't know what good Vietnamese food isThis place is amazing! The food is as authentic as you can get in Vietnam, especially the Bun Bo Hue! My friend had the Pho Dac Biet and said it was definitely the best pho in the Philadelphia metro area. We will definitely visit again if we are in the area!Tiny restaurant with no obvious signs that offers some of the best pho in the city. I wouldn't have known this place if it weren't for my friend. Their Vietnamese coffee is solid too. Recommend the spicy rice noodles with pork feet! Amazing!I love my visits to Philly because I always find spots that are authentic with cultural vibes. Cafe Nhan was no exception. 
I landed in Philly and before visiting family I needed Pho. Literally needed it. I flew up from GA, and I was cold and felt a cold coming on. I searched Yelp per usual and decided on the place with the best reviews that was in my direction of travel and stumbled upon this place.
I was greeted promptly and told I could sit where ever I wanted. Nicole was my server. She was great and super attentive and if I heard correctly it was her birthday!  She worked on her birthday and was in the best of spirits. It made my day. 
The restaurant was small, but very cozy, super clean and the service was quick.
I ordered Pho with shrimp. I requested veggie broth but this restaurant only has beef :(. I have to admit, this threw me off. Only beef broth? Don't get me wrong it was still good broth, but did not mesh will with the shrimp. Speaking of the shrimp, they were not deveined (in case you are that person like me that doesn't like to see the inside of the shrimp while eating it). Also, I do believe the shrimp might have been frozen (they were not as flavorful as fresh never frozen shrimp usually are). Aside from that, all of the fixings were set out nicely and Nicole made sure that I had everything that I needed. 
Upon departure, I was asked about my experience. The team seemed very interested in what they could do to make their customers experience better. I inquired about the fact that they only have one type of broth for their Pho and it was explain to me that they did not want to compete with their next door counterparts which cater to vegans and vegetarians. I completely understood, yet thought to myself, its not competition when you're doing your thing. Give people what they want ;), I want veggie broth in my Pho this season.  
Overall great experience. If they ever get veggie broth or if I become a regular meat eater I will return. 
I do recommend this place, the experience and service were both great.I've been wanting to try this place for a while now and we got a chance to go yesterday.  3 of us got Bun Bo Hue (spicy pork/beef noodle soup) and 1 got the broken rice with grilled pork.  The soup was flavorful and you can tell the broth was cooked with actual bones, it had the sweetness of homemade broth.  It also came with blood cubes, for those authentic Vietnamese diners :) Adequate portions as we were all full.  The rice came with two sunny side up eggs, like a traditional rice dish.  
My only complaint is the total of the bill completely did not match prices on the menu.  We got one order of soup to go so 4 bowls = $40 1 rice = $8 (plus eggs $2) = at most $50 since it's cash only.  We were charged 61.5, without tip which we gave 20% because we like supporting family owned establishments.  Not sure where that math added up but we didn't want to fuss.  So it's definitely more expensive than other places like café diem if you factor in that.  The soup was definitely better at café nhan though, so worth a try!  Limited seating, so go for dinner or do take out.Hands down, one of the top places to go to for viet food. I've only been here twice, the first time I got the pho, and the second time, I got the bun rieu. Both dishes are delicious. The pho was clear and tasty. You can taste that it was home made and made out of love. I compare this to other viet restaurants where a lot of times, their noodles are clumped together and it feels mass produced. The bun rieu tastes just like my Mom's and gave me nostalgia.3.5 stars
Bun Bo Hue- broth tasted flavorful, however it's very greasy and salty. I wanted to add in the condiment, mam ruoc but couldn't because it was saturated with salt, in turn, I barely touched the broth. 
The meat portion was very  little compared to Diem's(no blood cubes, 1 pig feet and 4 slices of beef shank/flank, 2 super thinly sliced pork sausage)
I would eat here again only when suitable but would prefer Diem's. 
 2 stars 
Com Suong muoi xa (lemongrass pork chops)- although I liked the aroma of the lemongrass and the meat was tender, the pork chops were flavorless and super salty... even eaten with the sweet fish sauce, the saltiness overpowers the dish and it definitely was not a pleasant taste. Moreover, the only condiment besides the fish sauce was couple slices of soggy cucumbers. No lettuce, pickled daikon/carrots as you normally see at other Vietnamese restaurants. Won't be getting this dish again.
I was really hyped about trying it after reading the reviews but it wasn't a success this time around.Well, nothing else to say because others already gave good reviews about the food: Pho and Bun Bo Hue are way to go!!! I'm from Vietnam, and I have to say that their Pho and Bun Bo Hue (Spicy beef noodles) are AUTHENTIC and THE BEST IN PHILLY! So I don't mind their tiny space since I can always get a table here.My fave mom and pop, correction mom and son* spot has been the best Vietnamese comfort food cafe I've ever had. 
They are so super nice and friendly, although small, they'll always try to accommodate you or give you a very reasonable waiting time. 
It's totally worth the wait!
My brother in law went 5 times a week for months on his lunch breaks. 
Places like this are a gem and I hope they only grow because her quality and taste is on point. I'll never hurt my moms feelings by admitting it, but I like some of her dishes better than how my
Mom would cook them. 
Menu is small and selective but that's not a bad thing, it means everything is made to perfectionBy far the best vietnamese restaurant! Legit, the pho tasted just like my mom's homemade pho. They also have one of my favorite congee which is the chao long. Not a lot of places have it but they do here! It's a cosy place and they also do take out. Also the staff is friendly and a small family oriented restaurant.Andrew, the manager contacted me to clarify the mistake with our bill.  He handled it so professionally, I really appreciated that!  Can't beat a business that takes the time to contact their customers and fix their mistakes!Definitely has the best broth I've had in the city. Portion is generous, definitely coming back.This place has the best bun bo hue I've ever tasted other than my mom(and that's hard to top). I've been to its competitor numerous times before as it was my go-to for bbh(Diem). But once I leave Diem I always noticed that I would get the MSG effect in which the back of my neck would have a heavy feeling as if someone was constantly applying pressure to it.  Despite the effect I would still return considering that WAS the only place I knew of that offered delicious bun bo hue. Until I found this place. And boy oh boy am I glad that I did!  Her bbh is so amazing. The broth is flavorful and you can tell its of substance and not just full of MSG. She gives a very generous amount of beef with each bowl. I always leave super happy and without the MSG affect. 
This review is solely on the bun bo hue. I come to enjoy this so much that I haven't had the heart to venture out and try other items on the menu. But if you're a BBH lover like myself---you won't be disappointed. =DYes, I'm of Vietnamese heritage so you can take my review seriously (and with a few grains of salt with the sass)
So the bun bo hue (BBH). It's bursting with shrimp paste flavor. Meat is generous and I didn't at all feel like I was being overwhelmed with solely noodles. Delicious blood cubes, tasty beef brisket slices, nice soft pork feet, and that broth is brimming with the combination of lemongrass, shrimp paste, and beef flavor. Good amount of herbs and cabbage to garnish, on the side. My only very petty complaint is that it seems small for a $10 bowl, but it's hard to beat this level of quality - don't eat out if you're going to be that cheap.
Not to mention, service is friendly and a nice older lady (possibly owner) came to check on us which is unheard of at Vietnamese restaurants. Don't bring a huge group here because there are like 3 tiny tables and we did have to share with someone else. 
Is Cafe Nhan better than that other bun bo hue place in Little Saigon that many other Yelpers have already mentioned? Yes - although that other place is already amazing as it is, plus has more seating. Needless to say I'll be back to Cafe Nhan for my BBH fix.Get the Bun Bo Hue here when your mommy can't make it for you. Will be returning to try their other homemade tasting food.This is a great spot with friendly family-owned service and savory soup.
While I haven't sampled much else, the Viet coffee and Pho Deluxe is always excellent.
The broth is very flavorful and the fixings (lime, basil, bean sprouts are plentiful. I now go here over most of the Washington ave spots it's that good.
The Cafe is very small and has only two tables. But, there's often room since most service is takeout.
If you like your pho loaded with the 'more authentic' bits of the animal and appreciate the extra flavors and texture this brings; this is the place for you! If you want the chain-restaurant experience; maybe not...
Banh-mi also good. Average for philly (and that's good!)
--Pros: 
Price, service, flavor
--Cons: 
Very little seating, a bit 'sketchy' if your not used to what a philly ethnic hole in the wall is like.
--Try the:
Pho Delux [beef], also chicken pho (both "fresh" aka bone in with skin, or regular with pieces of chicken].I don't get to come here as often as I'd like since I live in Maryland. But when I do visit Philadelphia, I make sure to stop by. It is by far, the most authentic Vietnamese cuisine I've had thus far. I'd say it is even better than some of the most established places in the famous Vietnamese cuisine haven, Eden Center in VA. 
Some dishes I recommend: 
Banh Mi Xiu Mai - Homemade pork meatballs with crabmeat and various spices. It's served in a tomato broth and a side of hot, toasted French bread. The broth was perfectly savory without being too salty. Likewise the meatballs were equal in flavor to meat ratio. This dish is especially perfect for any of you who are suffering from a night out and is looking for something lighter, soupier but filling. 
Bun Rieu - This is quickly becoming my favorite Vietnamese dish of all time! Sadly, very few Vietnamese restaurants in MD have this dish. That's why Cafe Nhan is the best place to get my Bun Rieu fix. Similar to pho dishes, it is served with vermicelli. But that's where the similarities end. Bun Rieu drenches the noodles in a tomato-based soup filled with fried tofu, various vegetables and topped with a healthy portion of crab meat. This is another filling dish that can be an alternative to traditional pho if you're looking to try something new. 
Finally if you're feeling thirsty... and/or maybe a little sleepy, I'd recommend Cafe Nhan's Cafe Sua Da. It's French iced coffee with condensed milk. Definitely one of the stronger Vietnamese coffee drinks I've had as the restaurant is careful not to put too much ice or too much condensed milk. It's a perfect balance. 
Its location is definitely easy to miss if you drive too fast; but once you step in and try the food, you'll regret you ever missed it in the first place.  
Definitely a must try for all foodies - local and out of state alike!This place never fails to amaze me. Their Bun Rieu is my favorite! Very flavorful! Everything I had in there are amazing. Their Bun Bo Hue, Bun Mi Xiu Mai, curry chicken... and even their yogurt! Def recommended!Mediocre. My husband and I ordered pho delivery. The broth was bland and luke warm. There were 3 beef balls in each of our orders, and some raw beef that was meant to be cooked from the heat of the broth, but we had to throw it out because the broth wasn't hot enough for it to be safe. The delivery was on time, but would not order again.The sweetest! Recently moved to the area and just ordered two BBH for pick and needless to say the guy at the counter (without putting all the business online) was so kind to me.....Will be my ONLY pho spot from now on! Thanks!! Delishious!I love this place. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The portions are plentiful and TASTY.   They are cash only, but the prices are reasonable.Best bun bo hue in Philly for sure...and also the entire USA. Banh mi is next level. None of that cheap stuff here.
This place has replaced 3 restaurants that I used to go to. 
Food they make is better than Vietnam. They have better ingredients, cleaner and much closer
Small menu of items means each one it's perfected. Oxtail pho .... orgasmicOmg so goooooddd! Their bun bo hue is truly authentic. It comes with the pork blood and pork knuckles. Yea yea, you might think wtf! But, don't knock it till you try it. The broth was flavorful and had a nice kick to it. I did add extra chili sauce in it though since I like it extra spicy. Oh, btw, the owner makes her own chili sauce and it's amazing! The meats were cooked perfectly. I really enjoyed every bite.
We came about 30 minutes to closing. I felt really bad about it but the owner and her sons were so welcoming. I really can't wait to go back and have some more.I really want to love the food I ordered because when I read the review, I was so excited. Something similar to home and delicious. I used to eat banh mi xiu mai in Vietnam a lot. So when I saw that they have that on Uber eat, I had to get it. But unfortunately it was just too salty. Minus the saltiness, the taste wasn't too bad. Just nothing special. I also ordered a cafe den da (black coffee) but it wasn't strong like how I'm used to drinking my Vietnamese coffee. However, food wasn't terrible. I'm well aware that the place isn't raved for their xiu mai, but for their bun bo hue and pho. So I'll try again and change my rating accordingly to that as well!Very small place, but hands down the best BBH I've ever had. Great slices of meat, perfect broth, soft noodles. I didn't have to add anything at all. The workers are nice and friendly, and there's also a tv on to watch while you wait. Will definitely come again the next time I'm in Philly.Trina's Tasty Travels 
Here on triple T : Bún Bò Hu at Nhân Cafe in south Philly 
Satisfied my BBH craving with house special chilly paste  OMG 
I when was told by my lilttle sis there's a new place in town best for their BBH I had to stop by to try. 3 tables sitting in a small garage/ cafe. With ppl St didn't in line & continuesly ppl ordering to go.. you know this place is delish mom & pop shop! 
BBH here is perfectly seasoned and hot when brought to the table. I let peeve eating hot soup at room temperature . Have to say aside from my Mom's, my sis Gigi,  My friend's Coco Lisa BBH and BBH an Nam in San Jose, CA this is one of the best Hue Style bun bo I've had in a long time. You can smell the lemongrass and taste the clear beef broth that has been slowly cooks for hours. The meat is cook tender and sliced uniformly .... you can have a little bit of everything in one bite. The only thing I wish they have is more herbs and veggies to go with the soup. Considering it's still quite cold here in Philly, I'm hoping the next time I come back they will have banana blossoms, cabbages, salad, and mint. Bonus: house special chilly paste to top the soup if spicy food lovers like me. I would bottled it and sell it I could :)  
Aside from their BBH, there's so Pho, Rice dish and Bun on the noddles. I took the initiative to try their special Com Ga Roti with scramble eggs ( soy chicken on a bed of steam rice & Chinese sausages omelet or sunny side. I was too full to eat both so i took to go for my 5 hrs flight back to Cali. 
And boy, it did not disappoint! The soy glazed sauce to go over the slow cook braided chicken perfectly seasoned, sweet, salty and a kick of pepper .... delish!! Can't wait to come back to the other food on the menu. 
Btw, the service here is awesome! Everyone is nice friendly! 
 service 
 food 
 bang for your buckive had plenty and plenty bowls of pho in my life.. whether it was homemade or at a restaurant-viet style or lao style.. this so far has been the best tasting pho ive had to date. picture really doesnt do any justice because i was so impatient  .. but broth was perfect. veryy authentic. added no extra condiments. also, owners very sweeet and helpful!Easily 5 Stars, they have a decent size menu which makes for an easy decision upon ordering. Kind of a 'hole in the wall' spot that I knew about from friends and Café Nhan does not disappoint at all. 
They have two tables that can sit 3-4 people and 2 tables for 2 people, if you have to wait, it is worth the wait! The wait does not exceed over 10-15 minutes as they will seat you and get to you fairly quickly. 
On to the Food: 
I usually get their Bun Rieu or Bun Bo Hue, and the BBQ Chicken Hoagie. I think their Bun Bo Hue is better than Cafe Diem, hands down. It isn't too spicy, it is very very flavorful and the portion is decent/filling. As for their Bun Rieu (personal favorite), it is to die for, tomato based, w/blood cubes, pigs feet (with sides of Shrimp paste and VERY hot chili oil). They will give you an option to not having the blood cubes, pigs feet. As for the BBQ Chicken Hoagie, it tops of the meal quite well, the hoagie is not too big but it is good enough size where you'll be full when you've finished your bowl of noodles or rice platter. 
Service: Their service is top notch, as this place is not that big and consists of only 2-4 tables (depending on the party size walking in). They will promptly take your order and the food is not too long of a wait neither. The Mother & Son duo service is excellent and makes you feel at home when You walk in and until you're finished up with your meal.The BEST Bun Bo Hue EVER in Philly!!!!!
I was craving for BBH and Cafe Diem was closed. I was a tad bit sad so with the help of Yelp, Nhan was the next best option. Apparently, this is tucked in by a beer distributer near Passyunk and Synder. Parking is not easy accessible since it is a busy intersection, but residential street parking is convenient enough. 
This little gem is definitely a hole-in-the-wall... With only 2 tables! I seriously thought I was going to be disappointed, but once I took my first slurp of the soup. I was appalled. The broth is everything. Packed with flavor and enough kick of spiciness. My mouth is watering as I'm posting this review. I can't wait to go back for another bowl.
In my opinion, this is way better than Cafe Diem. That alone, says a lot.Been searching for a place that has good bun bo hue in philly and finally found it. Bun Bo came out nice and hot. Friendly service.Great pho! Even friendlier owners and staff. A true neighborhood restaurant! Definitely will be back!I love this place , every week end I and my friends love to eat there. We will go next week end too or go to eat pizza in our best pizza in delco Marco's pizza in Folsom.we look for Indian restaurantThe most amazing Vietnamese food I've had in my life. Best in Philly, best in the world. Their customer service is top notch. They always make sure you are good, and refills of their amazing tea are always available when you ask.
Ask for the counter guy Andrew. He's the most helpful person when it comes to choosing what you want if you aren't familiar with Vietnamese food.this tiny restaurant is a must try if you're in philly. my friend raved about this place so on our road trip we decided to give it a shot. i got the oxtail special and it was perfect for the chilly day. the broth was perfectly spiced the and meat fell off the bone. this place is cash only and there's 3 tables so you would have to wait a bit if the place is full. the food at cafe nhan definitely reminds me of my mom's cooking.My long overdue review of Cafe Nhan.  Stopped in today on a craving since the wife and I had made the trek out to South Philly for the Asian Market.
I am a Pho connoisseur.  Have eaten at many many establishments, and make my own most of the time because it is hard to find the real thing.  I want homestyle, deep flavor, and love in my soup.
Hands down, this is the best Pho I have had in Philly.  Forget the famous "no reservations" reviewed alternatives.  Don't listen to any hype about anywhere else.  Owner is so sweet and her son is great too.  This is the real deal.
Deeply developed flavor in the broth.  Not the thin, clean, high speed version you will find elsewhere.  This stuff has definitely been done right.  You can feel it coating your lips on the first taste.  They have enough herbs in the recipe so it isn't the typical flavorless pho.  
They also use very fresh ingredients...and even the tendon, beef etc. echo this deep herbal flavor.  Clearly the meats and parts have been cooked in a flavorful broth as well...
Today, for a treat, she put some marrow in our pho...this put it over the top.  A.M.A.Z.I.N.G.
We have had the Bun Bo Hue in the past and it is also excellent.  One of these days we will try the other stuff on the menu, but our two staples are soo good it is hard to order anything else.
So, if you are feeling the urge to travel a little off the beaten path, go to Cafe Nhan.  A no frills, tiny little spot with two or three small tables that puts all their energy into delivering a great meal!If you are looking for the best quality of pho, this is my current favorite location.  You pay a couple extra dollars compared to other pho restaurants but it's definitely worth it if quality of taste matters to you. I like my carbs so I usually get extra noodles with the Deluxe Pho bowl. I also highly recommend their Braised chicken over rice with added fried egg on top if you aren't in the mood for pho.  
Family owned business with all friendly and attentive staff. The place only seats about 10 people max so I'd recommend ordering for takeout if you are planning to go around lunch or dinner time to avoid waiting for seats.  Remember to bring cash since it's cash only like most other pho restaurants/cafes!Delicious authentic Vietnamese food. I would've thought my mom and dad was working in the back cooking my food.  Place is a bit small but they are probably the only Vietnamese place to deliver food!  This rating is based solely on the tastes and they have definitely proved themselves. You should try out their bun rieu if you want something new.I walked into Cafe Nhan to get something to drink and ended up staying for lunch. The aroma was enough to make me want to stay and try their food. Its a small spot with big taste. They definitely stand out from some of the other places I've been to for Pho. It  is a family owned business and you taste the authenticity of home style Vietnamese cuisine. I don't recall which type of Pho they had me try but it was delicious and very different from some of my other experiences with Pho. Definitely a great place for takeout and eat in if you can get a table since seating is limited.If you want authentic vietnamese food, Cafe Nhan is the place to go!  Their menu is small, because they keep it real!Bun bo hue is good!!not too spicy.
It was excellent. It had a tasty broth.  The noodles were nice and thick.Honestly this is one of the best Bun Bo Hue I ever had. Broth was really flavorful. You know the food is made with love. Even the sauce condiments are homemade. I gotta go back and try their other dishes.We called at 7pm and asked if we could be taken since they closed at 7:30. They cheerfully accepted and we were there in 5mins. The location is tough to get to with parking, but we managed. 
They sat us down and we already knew what we wanted. We wanted to try the famous bun bo hue. It was amazing. Just the way my mom made it. I love that they had the mam ruoc ( fermented shrimp paste) and homemade chili. My girlfriend and I devoured it. The service was on point. It is very small though. Can not go with a group. 
We ordered 3 to go as well . 
I love that they open at 730am. I could just grab my lunch for the day before heading out to work. 
It is CASH only. They said there's an atm next door. 
Will be back.Danny L. hasn't Yelped this yet?! He is missing out. 
This is my now great secret spot for Pho and Banh Mi. Was wanting Pho at 8am when Yelp had Cafe Nhan as open. Was happy to divert from Washington Ave. 
This is a two table cafe. Was glad I got a table to enjoy my Meatball Pho with no MSG headache/ thirst later. Thank-you.The broth is clear unlike the rainwater brown served throughout the East Coast.  Bliss.
I got their  Banh Mi for lunch and it was awesome. It's the first one listed on the menu. The Banh Mi is on the small side but so what it hit the spot. The sandwich was warm and soft with none of that mess. And it has Pate. Awesome.I wish this place were bigger so I could bring friends.  But then the one big table maybe is for making friends as that's where they sit the singletons.  The bun bo hue is delicious, I like how the pig's feet is sliced making it easier to eat.  Any other place I would just say no pig's feet.  I would like to try their bun rieu next.Literally the most legit place for viet noodles. The chef here have a great taste and her food are the closest to the one made in Vietnam. Had their Pho and by far are the best one in philly compare to all the place on washington ave, south philly, and even upper darby. The pho broth was rich in flavor, meat tasted fresh, and the noodle was chewy. Bun Bo Hue(bbh) here is legit as well. Authentic food, cozy place and friendly staff. Excited to comeback soon to try their rice dishes.Do it. Friendly people if you're unfamiliar with the Vietnamese cuisine. Happy to answer questions and share all the magic that makes up pho. Delicious.First impression of this place was it looked like a small kitchen with a few tables set up. It's definitely tiny, but the pho was excellent!! The menu is tiny as well, without a whole lot of options, but the foods they do prepare are well done and I'd venture to say authentic. The guy behind the counter made sure I had a spot to eat at and served tea with the meal, which definitely added to the "mom and pop" feel this place has. If you're down in South Philly, this place is an awesome lunch option!This place is definitely really small. The space can probably sit 8 people. A hole in a wall kinda place.
When you walk in, you are greeted, given a seat and menus. Hot tea or water is served in to go cups. I placed my order for bbh (bun no hue), wonton noodle soup and the deluxe banh mi to go. As I am waiting for my food, I see mounds of cooked bones sitting and prepped hot oil. This tells me the broth is gonna be excellent.
My food arrives. It's homemade bbh and wonton noodle soup. The broth is really wonton noodle soup broth is clear, steaming hot and good. It has a small piece of pork bone. It was so good. The Bun bo hue is really good. They bring out condiments that go with this dish and let's you add as much as you want. What makes me love this place is the food is made with love. It's something you would want to eat at your mom's or grandmom's. It's their style of cooking and I love it.
I did see a glimpse of either braised pork or chicken being cooked and it looked so good. I will have to try that next time.This review is long overdue. This place is pho-nomenal!!! The broth tastes really homemade, not the like the msg-loaded crap you get at other low-quality places. The pho really hits the spot, and did I mention it's a huge amount of food? Be sure to try the homemade garlic chili sauce, it has excellent flavor. The prices are really reasonable here, and the owners are super nice people. Be sure to call ahead and see if the place is open, because they close early in the evening and sometimes close at random times as well. We did manage to get food here on major holidays, which was really convenient, especially when most other restaurants are closed.Great food. Many options and excellent service. I love Vietnamese food and this is definitely my new favorite. The complimentary iced tea is a nice touch.I can't say enough good things about Cafe Nhan. Their Bun Bò  Huê is literally the best out of all of the Bún Bò Huê I've ever had. Trust me, I've tried a lot. The broth is spicy and so flavorful and the noodles are chewy but not rubbery. I always leave Cafe Nhan satisfied, full and wanting more. The cafe itself is a hole in the wall with three tables and limited seats. It's truly a south philly gem and I'm so glad I found this place. It's cash only so come prepared but if you forget there is an atm next door that you can use. The owner is also very nice and I can tell she really loves cooking and loves her job. Love love love this place!Unlike other pho restaurants that are generic in their pho, this place has a cultured homelike taste to their pho broth--which makes all the difference.This place has the best bun bo hue I've ever had in Philly. It's rich in flavor and depth, and the ingredients are always fresh.  If you're not a big fan of spice, try the pho and its delicious broth.  For those looking to try out some Vietnamese food, definitely come by this small, but awesome place.  The owners are also very welcoming and sweet.  With my hometown being outside of Philly, this is the best place for my taste of homemade, authentic Viet food - away from home :) Happy eating!Came here for the first time after reading all the positive reviews on Yelp, and they were all correct.  Although the place is small, the food and service there are exceptional!  We got the bun bo hue, pho, braised chicken, and banh mi, and they were all good.  Glad to have found this little gem in South Philly.  Price is quite reasonable as well.  Will definitely be back!  Thank you.Excellent soup, nice people. There is seating for about 7 total, but takeout is easy no problem. The menu is quite short, so you don't have to spend an hour going over your options. I would totally come here again.THE best bun bo hue in Philly! My mom is visiting from out of town and called my dad to talk about how good it was. Can't wait to try their other food. Found a go-to spot to order for when my picky Vietnamese parents come to visit!!I'm not going to write much, so people don't find out about this place. It definitely does deserve 5 stars, though! Lots of TLC goes into the broth. Will be back soon to try their BBH.Just moved to there area from NY & had the pho with chicken; phonominal! But even better is the homage yogurt... tangy & slightly sweet with a velvety texture that melts in your mouth, best I haver had including in VN to which I go often for biz. Looking forward to trying other dishes. The owner Amy & her son Andrew are the nicest, will definitely be going back very often.Very good home-made Vietnamese food and friendly staff.  Pho and Bun Bo Hue are my favorite dishes.  Mostly delivery, very limited seating.Have been tasting Bun Bo Hue all around the city. I don't particularly impressed. It also a little bit pricier than others.Environment: Hole in the wall. Only feeds to their low-key excellence.
Service: Andrew and his mother are a powerhouse. Between these two and the other staff, they absolutely love to serve you, absolutely love what they do and they do not hesitate to deliver excellence.
Food: I don't even know where to start. If you like spicy, the Bun Bo Hue here is easily one of the best right next to Cafe Diem. If you like clean-tasting (not the most quantity) pho, please.. get the pho. I have gone here enough times, that I ask Andrew (owner) to order for me/surprise me. He got me the Chicken Curry one time and it was absolutely amazing. From it's light, limey, coconut flavors in the perfect textured sauce, there is absolutely no doubt that this is easily THE BEST Vietnamese food in Philly as of right now. I currently am eating a gluten-free diet, and they are willing to switch out my noodles for cabbage (extremely accommodating) and by no means compromises the taste what-so-ever. PLEASE, if you come to Philly this place does not disappoint. Easily better than most places I've been to in California (home of authentic Viet food).
Price: For about $10-12, easily one of the best quality Vietnamese places I've had in my life without breaking the bank.My first time eating at any Vietnamese food but this place  was awesome and I'm  really not a person to try new things but the food was outstanding, it was so tasty and more then that the service was good as well it's really small but they made a way for the three of us to sit together.Bun bo hue was so good! Banh mi was banging too. 
The place was pretty packed for a small location, but it's worth the wait!
I'd def come back.Wow, I was really surprised by this place. I've walked by it a bunch of times thinking it was just your basic hole in the wall inexpensive Vietnamese spot, but man was I wrong. 
They were all out of pho, which was disappointing at first, but we ended up ordering the Bun Bo Hue (beef noodle soup) and a braised pork dish that came in a broth with rice and cucumbers on the side.
The beef dish was very filling and complex. It had beef brisket, pigs feet, noodles and pork blood. The broth was rich, and everything was very fresh with lots of different textures.
The pork dish looked very plain, but ended up being really delicious. The broth was rich & flavorful, and the pork was juicy & sweet. The rice and cucumber were a perfect compliment and it was surprisingly satisfying. It kind of blew my mind.
I will say it was more expensive than I was expecting, but I also wasn't expecting the food to be so amazing, in the end we were very happy.
I'm wary to boast this spot too much because it's already so small, but this is definitely a hidden gem, highly recommended!So I finally got around to trying this place that replaced Pho Le:
First of all, they DELIVER!!  
The Bun Bo Hue is authentic!  The broth hits all the right notes - savory, spicy, with that lemongrass punch - and has all the 'otherness' stalwart fans can expect (read: not for the faint of heart).  It currently holds my title for best bun bo hue in the city.  The banh mi dac biet was mighty tasty too - and reasonably priced!
So why am I only giving a mid point rating?  Delivery is sketchy at best, as it depends on if and when the driver comes in.  Pho was not available the day I ordered, but it did lead me to try the bun bo hue.  Prices for the other items seem a bit steep - I'm assuming to cover the delivery?
Nonetheless, it's the only Vietnamese joint in town doing it, and I def want to try the rest of the menu.  Revised reviewing pending :)I've been hooked on pho since living in San Diego which had IMO the best pho on earth. I've tried different pho places all over Hawaii as well but it was always just a tad off. Went here for the reviews and it wasn't too easy with the area parking. This place definitely classifies as a hole in the wall if I've ever seen one. The owner was extremely polite and attentive to us. I had the rare steak pho and my boyfriend had ordered the beef ball pho. We were amazed, the broth was absolutely heavenly! The quality and presentation of the food were all top notch. We seriously can't wait until we get a chance to go back. I hope they get the recognition they deserve so they can relocate to a more visitor friendly location.This place is okay: food is but flavorless but where else can you go for Vietnamese food delivery. I hate that they do not open Monday.This has become one of my regular places for lunch on the weekend. I like the House Special Banh Mi but my favorite dish is definitely the beef stew (Bun Bo Hue).  It is spicy and delicious and there is enough broth to take home to make noodles again the next day.  The lemongrass pork chop is awesome. The owners are very friendly. This place is a great addition to the neighborhood.As someone who was born and raised in Vietnam, I was so happy that I found this place in Philly. It is a cute and little Vietnamese restaurant. The place reminds me a lot of Vietnam and I really liked it. 
Food wise, Cafe Nhan definitely, in my opinion, is one of the best places for pho in Philly. The taste of their broth is without a doubt authentic. The first sip of the broth that I had from them made me feel so much like I was back at home, eating the typical street food Pho that I always had when I was growing up. So if you're crazy about pho, you definitely need to take a visit to this place. 
However, there are a few things to keep in mind that they only take cash and the seating is very limited.Yelpers don't lie! My food was delicious! I ordered the Mì Hoánh Thánh (shrimp wonton noodle soup). I ordered to-go so it came as a "kit"- broth in one container and all the ingredients in another. I had no bowl so they gave me a small styrofoam bowl to use. It came with 3 shrimp wontons and 3 shrimp as well as all the traditional Vietnamese fixins. The seafood was not at all fishy and was obivously fresh. The flavors were amazing when mixed all together. They perfectly complimented each other. I am so happy I tried this today. The portion was just right for lunch. I'm full but not overly stuffed. If I had judged this restaurant based on what the store front looks like- I would have definitely passed it by. There's amazing things going on inside!! Thanks Yelp for your helpful suggestions pointing me to another tasty meal!!!!!!!I've been searching for great pho in Philadelphia since I've moved back. This place does it right. I've only had it twice but I don't think I will stray. Definitely yummy food!Homemade Bún Bò Hu!  If you KNOW your BBH, you know you have found the spot!  Small tiny converted garage dubbed as a restaurant, nothing fancy... Think your mom's old kitchen, seating about 10 people comfortably but no more.  Broth is exactly how you would remember SaiGon style of BBH.  Pig Feet, thinly sliced need tendon, all the mints and herbs.  They have PHO also, very rich and fatty, how I like it.  Think of Ph L in Saigon.  MS. Nhn and her son are very friendly, great feeling when you eat there.  We have gotten our very own "The Lunch Lady" of Philly!  Price is reasonable.  Do call ahead for seats. Take-out is about 10 minutes. I went back twice in a week!This place has the best pho in Philadelphia. Their braised chicken dish is the bomb, too. No need to write a huge paragraph, just come here and enjoy.My 1st venture here was a tasty treat! I wanted a soup; but not pho. The Bun Bo Hue sounded good, as I was in the mood for something spicy. I was told it could be made w/o pork, so I went for it. Asked if I wanted the spice level toned down to which I replied "no." It was delicious.Very spicy yes!!! w/a nice lemongrass kick. Didn't care much for the tendons, and wished there was some more beef, but it was very enjoyable.The noodles(wheat) were thick and al dente. Abundant fresh herbs& stuff were a great addition.As was a side of dipping sauce; which was a great hot sauce w/ a dab of something in the middle, which can best be described as a nuoc nam paste.
The woman who owns  the place was very helpful and friendly. She was stuffing wontons as she explained the other soups on the menu.They all sounded great! Menu is small- mostly pho, banh mi, rice platters and 5 other soups containing noodles or wontons.
The place is small, but tidy. There are only 2 tables, so you may not be able to dine-in.They do deliver, but I'm too far away.
Looking forward to returning to try something different. This place is the real deal.one of the best homemade Vietnamese restaurants in philly. make sure to check it out :)Best BBH in Philly. The broth was so authentic and tasty. 
The place is tiny but their food curves everything up. And waiting is not a big deal since only it usually take couple minsBy far the best bun bo hue spot in Philadelphia! The flavors come together great and everything is so delicious!!! All the dishes have the wonderful homemade taste!! It's a small spot but the flavors are very big :) everyone should try it! Very authentic and the staff is super friendly!!Amazing bun bo hue which is like a spicy/sour/sweet soup with brisket, pigs feet, blood cubes and ham ($11). I got it with pho vermicelli noodles instead of the round rice noodles that it typically comes with and no pigs feet, blood cubes or ham. The brisket was incredibly tender and the soup was perfect. I'm not usually one for spicy foods but this one was a good level of spice where I didn't feel like a fire breathing dragon. 
It is a small restaurant with 2 tables and cash only but they do take out.Hole in the wall with good food and nice staff, but it's horribly cramped and could be cleaner.We drove to Philly from New York for a day trip and decided to stop at this restaurant that we found on Yelp. For lunch, we ordered the deluxe pho, the spicy beef noodle soup, and the lemongrass marinated pork chop with rice to share. The pho was excellent with its flavorful yet light broth; the spicy beef noodle soup had just the right level of spiciness and acidity; the fresh lemongrass marinated pork chop topped with an over-easy egg was rich and savory. 
We then decide to swing back to pick up dinner to go and had another order of pho and their house special banh mi; as expected, the banh mi was authentic and delicious.
A must try!Best Bún bò Hu I've ever had.  Made with fresh ingredients.  No need to add additional sauces (e.g., fish sauce or shrimp paste) because the broth is that great!Basically a hole in a wall but best food Vietnamese Bun Bo, Banh Mi, Pho, and Chao Long, in Philadelphia Period!! Service excellent, always serves you with a smile, however cash only folks, recommended few friends they were well satisfy, check it out when you are in the area, menu are limited but they make them well, all authentic no artifical flavor or MSG, it's just like home cooked for me, however only 2 small tables that seats 4 max each, don't bring a big crowd and expect to eat in.Our new favorite viet place in philly. We've tried 4 or 5 things on the menu and it was all delicious!This is an update to a previous review from a few years ago from when they first opened. Cafe Nhan is now in a new location a few doors down and it is a great place, great atmosphere with good food and great customer service. The servers are welcoming, attentive and courteous, unlike some other vietnamese restaurants. And of course the food is great.