This place is such a cute cafe. I totally enjoyed coming here, located right next to the famous cheesesteak sandwich spots, this gem of a cafe specializes in cannolis. And they are AMAZING cannolis. The espresso shot woke me up too. Can't wait to come back here.I got a cheesesteak near by, and thought I would stop by for a coffee and cannoli.   I ordered an americano, which was very good (and that is coming from a coffee snob from Seattle) And I ordered two of the mini dark chocolate cannoli, which were also very good.  I've had better in Boston, but these are up there.  I like how they add the filling after you buy.  No soggy cannoli here.Got the mini pistachio and hazelnut cannollis here. they were ok.  Pretty standard. At $7 total though they were very overpriced for 2 tiny cannollis. Service was fine. Parking in the area is challenging.Amazingly good cannoli! Huge portion size, too. Great stop for dessert! Very nice and friendly service as well.This is cute little bakery that we stumbled upon while walking around on Saturday. We ordered two cannolis, one traditional and one with dark chocolate and peanutbutter on the shell. As someone who loves, loves, LOVES cannolis I knew it would be hard to come to close to my favorite. Sadly, Café Crema missed the bar. The shell was crisp with the right amount of crunch but the cannoli cream filling left something to be desired. For the price of our two cannolis I could have purchased 3 or 4 of my favorite. Not bad, just didn't live up to my high standards. They did have a variety of other bakery offerings and gelato. Would go back to try the gelato and cookies.Awesome cannoli's in a location where they could hold a cannoli war, serious competition in this locale! Very clean and friendly. These guys do coffee, chocolate, and cannoli. Good combination and focused. I was impressed by the smoothness and mild flavor of the creme (not to cheesy) and the fresh shells, assembled to order as all good canolli's should be. I prefer traditional but they have several varieties to choose from. Can't go wrong here.Good cannolis and coffee. Nice to try and a slice of history in Italian market, especially if you're visiting one of the popular nearby tourist spots for Philly cheesesteaks (all of which are totally skippable IMO).Best Cannoli I have ever had outside of Italy.  Much another than normal and the pistachio crusted shell was fantastic.  The cakes looked great as did the gelato.  They even had afogato on the menu!
They advertise that all products are imported from Sicily.
A little pricey but worth it!Awesome white chocolate and dark chocolate hot chocolate & peanut butter and dark chocolate cannoli!!!!!Hot chocolate! Hot chocolate! Hot chocolate! I don't care what the weather is like outside, I'm always in the mood. Cafe Crema serves up delicious concocted blends of whatever chocolate you select. I am a fan of the parmesan and caramel chocolates. They compliment each other so well and make for the perfect evening drink. My only complaint is that they are minimizing some of their chocolates because of the warm weather - this took away the parmesan and made for much less tasty hot choc. Baby come back?Holy cannoli!  These are great cannolis here. Stopped in after a couple cheese steaks because it smelled so good. I was full but managed to fit a cannoli. I'll have to come here again.I'm way into chocolate (unfortunately I have not tried the cannoli) and Lyndy is the best! Amazing customer service.Cannoli filling here is excellent! I opted for a dozen mini traditional cannolis to surprise my office people, and they were gone within 15 minutes.  The service team here is friendly, attentive, and quick.  Cannoli shell varieties were mouth-watering, I'll definitely be back to try the shell dipped in chocolate and coconut.  I've also had the coffee here in the past which is brewed to perfection.My friend and I got the Nutella and cookies and cream cannolis. Normally I'm partial to the original favor with mini chocolate chips in it, but we decided to try something different. The shells taste fresh and they have a variety of extra options for them such as dipped chocolate and pistachios, and the employees hand fill them in front of you. I'd give them a solid 8/10, as the filling was flavorful but not overpowering, and they were a good size. The filling was a little thinner than I'm used to, but overall not a bad place to stop for a quick treat.Delicious cannoli! They don't fill them until you order it so they are super fresh! I had the mini pistachio.I LOVE their cannoli, it's truly to die for. It isn't sweet, which is critical with these delightful deserts. They make their own shell, and they come in a huge variety of tastes. Peanut butter, milk chocolate, dark chocolate, every nut you can think of. They only do cannoli, and it comes out in their masterful cannoli. Don't miss this spot. It's heaven.This Cannoli/Hot Chocolate Place is right next to Pat's/Geno's Philly Cheesesteaks which makes it the perfect dessert to stop by.  Apparently it just opened a few months ago so I've never noticed it during my prior visits to Philly.  Anyway, we went to Pat's on a cold winter night and low and behold...they serve hot chocolate! mmm... Fresh steamed chocolate from their chocolate bar.  I was very much a fan of the different chocolate options.  You can mix and match the chocolate pieces just the way you like it.  We had the rose white chocolate and it has got to be one of my favorite hot chocolates.
They also serve cannoli. They import the cannoli from Sicily and they fill fresh on the spot.  I guess I'm not much of a Cannoli person but if this what you like, then it's worth a try.
Lastly, the service was great!  The cashier/counter girl was very friendly and knew a lot about the place. Very personable!Delicious cannoli! The traditional ricotta filling was creamy and not overly sweet. The cannoli shell was crispy - and they fill the entire cannoli even the middle which many places leave empty.This place is the best way to murder any diet! Nutella peanut butter cookies and cream pistachio white chocolate &&& moreeee all these are types of cannoli cream & dipped cannoli she'll flavors! 
This place is a bit on the pricey side I left spending almost 30$ on my glorious box of mini cannoli's but I had to splurge! Definatly  going back! They know cannoli's!I was going to give it five stars. Their coffee gelato was excellent. We were walking around and later change back to this place for their Cannoli and their Italian donut. By the time we came back, the wonderful girl who served us was doing the register. The guy was the one who served. Everything was awesome do we brought home an Italian donut for my kid. Guess what, the guy never filled it with the ricotta cheese filling. They charged mega $$ for a regular donut. Just watch them as they serve you. Very disappointed on his over sight. We are too far to call and complain. Hence a major minus one star. The girl is 100% better at serving. Food (pastries) were great though.I had my first cannoli ever today. It was incredible. The man taking the order was extremely polite. The lady preparing the food was great! Thank you!One chilly spring evening pure chance brought us to Café Crema. 
After being beset by a craving for chocolate, we took a drive to South Philly to enjoy the world's best Hot Chocolate from Rim Café. We did our due diligence, checking the hours before journeying over from south Jersey. We had been burned by RIM's funky hours before we remembered. 
We show up at RIM, sign says open, lights are on....but the door is locked. According to their hours they should be open for several hours yet. Maybe René ran out for minute. So we walk down 9th window shopping South Philly to kill some time. 25 minutes later, same story. Open sign blinking, lights inside still on, but nobody home. Extremely disappointed we look across 9th back toward Geno's steaks and our parked car and see Café Crema and the words "Hot Chocolate." Worth a shot I guess, came to far to leave empty handed.
Maybe I'm being too hard on Café Creme, I had unreasonable expectations. I came town expecting RIM hot chocolate, those are massive shoes (mugs?) to fill. I feel like many people find this place the same way we did, en route to RIM. It's not so much that Café Crema isn't good, they just aren't RIM. 
We walked in and I am relieved to see a hot chocolate bar. Blocks of house made chocolate in various flavors ready to be melted and steamed into a drink. The friendly staff informs us that René was not feeling well and left RIM in a hurry this evening. They explain this is RIM's sister Café and René is co-owner here as well. All to the good. We ordered hot chocolates and a cannoli. Both we're very good. They also have a nice Gelato selection.
I have nothing bad to say about Café Crema. To me they are simply handicapped by their locale thanks to the stiff competition around them. This is the Italian market after all. Given choice I would much prefer a Hot Chocolate from RIM Café or a cannoli from Termini's around the corner. 
That said, do not hesitate to fall back on Café Crema They make a solid plan B.We were there a week or so ago, staying the night in Philly to catch an early flight. We went downtown to try a Geno's and a Pat's cheese steak. Being the sweet freak I am, I couldn't help smelling the aroma of this little cafe. OMG, it smelled so good. I walked over there, and I got the Original Sicilian Cannoli with the basic cream, which they drizzled with caramel. Delicious, to die for!! We loved it. My bf didn't want one, so he tried mine and was sorry he didn't get his own. I would recommend this place to anybody! They have so many different sizes and flavors there. They are a little pricey. I paid $14 dollars for 1 average sized Cannoli and 3 Pumpkin Biscotti. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because I also purchased the 3 Pumpkin Biscotti, which were I'm sorry to say were just awful. No taste to them at all. But the Cannoli was fabulous!Got the 80% and milk chocolate hot chocolate from their hot chocolate bar super yum and a dirty chai...great but nothing spectacular.  Also got the dark chocolate dippedmini canollis with regular and cookies and Creme filings. Very crunchy shells and creamy filling they add right there.  Their gelato looked very tasty but we did not try any.Come back again in a cold winter afternoon . I had the coffee this time. Tell you the true, I'm not a coffee drinker but love the coffee here.What a cute little spot to hang out or just grab a cannoli to go! I tried the white chocolate and the pistacio cannolis, along with all three fillings they had available that day. My favorite was the hazelnut ricotta because of the lightness in flavor. The tiramisu ricotta would definitely suit anyone that's into the strong coffee flavor.
4/5 because I had ridiculously slow service for just ordering 3 cannolis to go, but it could just have been a bad day for the server.The BEST Italian sweets in philly. I've been to all the famous places in philly but Cafe Crema is where it's at people. Skip Isgros, horrible service, Termini bros doesn't even compare to Cafe Crema's sweets. I'll be back again and again and again!!The hot chocolate is to die for! You select the type of chocolate you want and they make the hot chocolate for you! Visited 2/6/16 on a cold and windy day and this was just perfect to warm up. Nice place to sit down and enjoy a snack alone or with friends. 
Please open in NY!Stopped by this little gem while visiting the infamous Philly cheese steak houses next door.  Cannolis were pretty darn amazing.  The selection of shells was overwhelming because they all looked really good and really fattening considering I just had an artery clogging steak sandwich.  I got a large cannoli for $5 with a traditional shell, cream was a balanced consistency with balanced flavors.  I would have liked filling to be a tad sweeter but for the general population the balance they got was fair.  If I'm ever in the area again this will be a detour spot for sure.My husband and I where visiting from California and stopped here after a Genos  Cheese steak everyone was Super friendly and very great service. Delicious cannoli's !!  Would love to come back to this lovely place!!The mini canolli was delicious. I didn't get to choose my own filling, but the basic one they got was good enough for me. The cream wasn't overly sweet, and the shell wasn't tough or hard, just perfectly crispy and crunchy.Best cannolies I've had! There were lots of choices. We stuck to the peanut butter and white chocolate. 
The cream was perfectly light, while still giving you just enough sweetness. 
The shell had the perfect amount of crispness while still being flakey. 
It was a nice dessert to have after eating cheese steaks across the street at Pat's. 
The kids had gelato. The cookies and cream seemed to be a good choice, as it was described as "the best gelato".Love the cannoli, best one I ever had n will go back to try different flavor n the coffee smell great!Right by genos steakhouse this lil cafe is quite nice. Our canollis were made fresh on the spot and the hot chocolate bar was nice. Lots of flavors to pick from, and to top it off everyone in here was really nice. Next time we r in philly we will swing by.Stopped in after pats and genos to warm up. We only had hot chocolates but they were easily the best I've ever had. Highly recommend the blueberry muffin hot chocolate. When I asked the cashier what she recommends she didn't hesitate to suggest it and she was right. Slightly annoying that people were taking up the tables to eat their cheesesteak and hadn't ordered anything.I hate cannolis. They are bland, usually stupidly prepared and can we say bland?!
Honestly I would rather eat any other dessert other than the cannoli, given the caloric intake. 
However, after paying rim café a visit, speaking to belle, the pastry chef,  I was beyond curious to see what this cannoli cream goodness was about. 
What dreamy creamy goodness it is!
Cannolis are like anything you have ever had in a cannoli. The filling is ricotta based, but what an interesting amazing consistency!
  One of the best Cannolis Ive eaten in my entire life!
Ps don't say pastry cream, because this preparation is light years ahead!Amazingly fresh, delicious hand crafted gelato!! I absolutely love gelato. It is a cousin of ice cream (with a lower fat content) lighter, smoother, and more rich tasting, with a richer palette of flavors more refined. The chocolate is chocolater, the vanilla has more bean, the strawberry had pieces of berry in it. Cafe Crema had a dense and creamy coconut gelato I mixed with fresh, tangy lemon and a sweet, refreshing melon. ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!
A handsome Italian gentleman was hand making the flavors as well. How can you beat that??!!
Oh, did I mention chocolate dipped pizzelles and cheese cannolis? Yum. But, the gelato is not to be missed.I accidentally stumbled upon this cannoli shop after looking for a bathroom. Although I never had a cannoli that I liked let alone finishing a whole cannoli, I felt compelled to order something since I used their bathroom, so I ordered the pistachio cannoli with half Nutella and half traditional cream. It was surprisingly good, it wasn't too sweet and it wasn't too bland either. The place was clean and the staff were helpful on what to order and they were welcoming as well. The only drawback is that it is quite pricey around $6.50 for one cannoli.I love cannolis, so please take this review with a grain of salt. With that being said, I thought this place was great. If memory serves me right, I thought these cannolis were on par with the stuff you would get from the North End in Boston and also comparable to the stuff that you can get from various Italian bakeries in NYC. I loved that they had numerous types of cannolis available.
Worth a stop if you happen to be near Pat's or Geno's to gap off your grease-tastic Cheesesteak meal. Or, ya know, if you are just have a hankering for a cannoli.Staff offered me to fill new plain shells so as to not contaminate for peanut allergy. thanksFresh delicious gelato. Amazing cannolis and the staff is so kind and friendly letting us try the cannoli filling and flavored of gelato. Perfect dessert after Geno's!The Cannoli was great. The tea was OK. Service ok. Flies were all over the ventilation. Yes, doors were open but it was a lot of flies. My tea had chocolate all over the rim, side of the cup. The same person filling the Cannoli also made the tea and served it. Lol. That explains why I had chocolate all over my tea.
I had 4 mini Cannoli, 1 espresso shot and 1 tea. My bill was $24. Street parking if you can find one.It's like an ice cream shop for cannoli's! Pick your shell, get it filled... Enjoy!! Great follow up to Pats down the street!Went last night and had a cannoli dipped in milk chocolate with traditional filling and it was delish!You know, I hadn't had a real cannoli before I had one here. I'd always had them pre-prepared, typically in a Las Vegas buffet. 
Oh what a difference an Italian makes. Found in the heart of the Italian market, Cafe Crema is home to a cannoli and gelato shop. Eager customers walk into this small cafe to select a cannoli shell: dipped in chocolate, drizzled in peanut butter - dipped in peanut butter, drizzled in chocolate - dipped in dark chocolate on one end, white on the other. It's hard to go wrong, no matter what you choose. 
What makes it so great? The filling: ricotta cheese creamy sweet goodness. I can't even describe it, except you'll be licking it off your fingers and the table. 
One caveat: *I wish I could order a mini cannoli in LESS than groups of 6.This place was popping when I went, for a very good reason. They have so many flavors and all completely different, all super decadent. I would
Choose this place over Capogiro any day. If you're not into gelato, you can also get any cannoli you can imagine or chocolate treats!Discovered this place after a quick dinner at Geno's the other night.  Wonderful cannoli!  Not too sweet, which let the ricotta shine through.  Order your shell...plain or chocolate-dipped, and they fill it fresh.  Nice crispy shell, perfect filling.
So, we went back a few nights later.  Ordered hot chocolate.  OMG...it is to die for!  Pick your chocolate, they melt it with steam and then blend in the milk.  Remember that scene from "When Harry Met Sally"?  Oh yeah!I came to Cafe Crema on a whim with a friend--we originally intended to go to RIM Cafe, but Rene (the owner of RIM Cafe and Cafe Crema) dragged us over to try out Cafe Crema, his new venture.
We were not disappointed! 
Our goal of going to RIM Cafe in the first place was to get delicious, rich hot chocolate, and I think Cafe Crema *surpassed* what we would've gotten at RIM Cafe, though the interior and experience is not as magical and intimate as RIM.
The interior of Cafe Crema is very... sterile, with all white walls and a commitment to cleanliness, which is always a plus (but odd to find in this part of Philly.) When walking in, you're greeted by a huge display case of hundreds of cannolis of all flavors... but, I'm unfortunately not a cannoli fan...
However, the Hot Chocolate Bar is the next standout. You literally pick giant SLABS of rich, homemade chocolate (and you can mix and match) and the staff will melt and mix it into the most incredible hot chocolate (I've had) in the Mid-Atlantic. I ordered a hot chocolate with White Raspberry Chocolate & Spicy Chocolate and a shot of espresso, which came out to $6. My friend ordered the same deal with Peanut Butter Chocolate & Spicy Chocolate. 
Both were literally the creamiest drinks either of us has ever had--you're literally drinking made-to-order chocolate melted in front of you (with optional fresh-brewed espresso,) with no premade powders. The flavors are strong, with the sweet raspberry, spicy cayenne and cinnamon, and creamy peanut butter making their way into every sip we had. I really regret not taking a photo to show how dense and well-made our drinks were.
If you're ever in this cheesesteaky, tourist-trappy part of Philly on a cold day, stop by Cafe Crema for *incredible* hot chocolate!Stopped in twice on Saturday. I left with a bunch of delicious stuff, a crush on Pino and a nice bag of Lady Fingers. The pastries I bought are out of this world. I cannot wait to go back and hope to get there before Easter. This was just another stop at another wonderful place on a wonderful day.
The cannoli filling is the best I've ever had.  Seriously good so I do not think you will be disappointed.I normally don't eat these but damn- the filling is so rich! You can choose from a mini cannoli or a regular sized one (or even I giant cannoli that holds about a lb of cream, but you might die eating that one).
You get to choose between different types of cannoli flavors but there are 3 choices of filling: traditional, Nutella & strawberry. All are very, very, VERY rich. So if you just want to try it, get 1 mini and then go from there!Holy Canolly! The best one I've ever ever had. I wish I had one right now. You won't be disappointedCanolli cream is ricotta cheese with chocolate chips. Gross. Not worthy if it's location in the italian market. Gimmicky shell toppings try to compensate for horrible filling. If you were looking for good canolli after a Gino or Pat's cheese steak keep walking! Two star was the fact they have seats inside and bathrooms.Went there for treats after cheesesteaks bc  is located right next door. We got mini cannoli and chocolate pretzels. They were all good sweet treats. The place is clean, and well displayed.I stopped by on a recommendation. ......the place is set up nicely.....it is quaint and cozy to sit in. ......the choices of cannoli's is impressive. ......we chose the white and dark chocolate with pistachio. .......they filled it with green colored filling for St Patrick's Day. ......we also had a cup of coffee.......overall it was pretty good......something different. ....we were told to try the hot chocolate. .....maybe the next time.Great little place and lots of great food and drink. Hot chocolate bar rocks, and lots of flavors. Not my favorite cannoli but certainly not bad. Service is great though, so deserving of 4 stars.Awesome cannoli ' s. Fresh pastry shells and so many to choose from. I bought the original (plain) and the pistachio mini. Some of the flavors do not come in the mini. Some flavors to note: hazelnut, almond,  coconut,  dark chocolate, and white chocolate to name a few. 
You can even choose between two filings: Nutella or the Italian Ricotta creme. 
This place advertises themselves as King of Cannoli. I have to say, it does hold true to the name. I've sampled many cannoli's in my days in Little Italy, my Brooklyn hood and my Queens Woodside days where they sell cannolis. This spot is fresh, very good customer service and offers plenty other desserts if you're not a fan. I am liking this place.Holy cannoli!!! First time trying it and I miss it. I love
The variety they have . Coffee plus dessert and so many options ! I live in the west coast and can't find anything to compare . The staff is super helpful if you have questions and it's a great location, right next to 2 cheese steak places . Also it's super clean which is a plus !Great experience!
This cannoli place had a variety of cannoli shells to pick from to fill. I picked the double chocolate dipped cannoli for my wife. They drizzled on it caramel sauce. It was an amazing cannoli with a great filling. It was pricey thought as it cost $6 for just one cannoli. Definitely would go back again.What a cool spot the gelato in this place was out of control good. They took the cannoli to the next level !!!!! You gotta see it and try it to understand what I mean. I was so impressed made me feel like I was in Italy with the authentic Italian desserts a must try. If your ever in philly don't miss out on this place!!!I stumbled upon this little shop just exploring Passyunk Square. It was hot out and I wanted some gelato. I didn't notice it was a cannoli shop at first. The staff were all super friendly and nice. They suggested the gelato cannoli. You can pick the cannoli and then two scoops of gelato of your choice. I got the black and white cannoli with strawberry and mint gelato. It was super refreshing for a hot summer day.
I also went back on National Cannoli Day and had a cream cannoli in the chocolate-pistachio dipping. The cream was so good. Also, I got a free mini cannoli because of the holiday.
The menu is pretty pricey, but it's worth a try once or twice. I know one staff member said that they get shipment of authentic cannoli from Italy. Who knows?The place is a nice little shop next to two large traffic places, could be easily overlooked. The food was good and the service fantastic, however my only issue was the price...it was a lot more money then was expected for what i bought.Very cute and clean little cafe in South Philly. Had the white chocolate pistachio cannoli and it was delicious. They have an assortment of coffee and drinks. I had a hot chocolate and I got to pick the type of chocolate I wanted. The young lady working there was very polite and made great drinks.Good location, artsy (loved the decore), canolie was amazing, the employees were friendly and helpful since I was a first timer! I would def return if I wasn't from out of town.This place is one of my favorite things about Philly, super legit and delicious Canolis! I get the chocolate dipped Canoli with Nutella filling and its out of this world awesome. Staff is super friendly, there are other items you can purchase, like Canoli shells, cookies, gelato, and drinks. It's a must have, especially after a delicious cheesesteak!Pretty stinkin' good cannoli! I love the option of selecting different fillings and shells. It's the perfect ending after clogging your arteries next door at one of the cheesesteak places.I just have to give a major shout out to the employees and owner of the shop.  First, as a customer the canoli and Gelato are fantastic. And the bathroom facilities super clean, which is impossible to find in south philly. After having my canoli today outside on the bench, we caught our Uber and I accidently left my camera bag under the bench.  Totally my fault.  We realized we left it behind when we got out of the car about 15 minutes after we left.  We called the shop immediately and they advised that a local had walked off the bag claiming it was his. First, let me say that without a doubt pretty everyone we encountered in Philly was absolutely awesome and genuinely nice.  Harry was awesome and willing to help as he could.  They had the gentleman on video and they all knew him from the neighborhood and all felt him walking off with the bag was out of character. After two hours of looking for the gentleman the owners of the store came in and tracked the man down.  He had sold it to a local pawn shop already and the owners made him walk me down to the owner get my camera back.  This post isn't to say that there is overwhelming crime in Philly, there isn't. I never felt threatened in this neighborhood or Philly in general. This is a testament to how much pride the owners and employees feel about their neighborhood. And you should feel safe knowing they treat you with true brotherly love.  This place is right next to Pat's and Geno's.  Give them a try after dinner or for an afternoon snack, their product is worth it but more so their service.  Thank you so much again for caring.Canolis were not as good as terminis or isgros and twice the price 6.00 each i thought i was in beverly hills.They do have a large selection of canoli shells.The specialty shells are 6.50 eachAmazing cannolis! I get my cheesesteak then head to grab a cannoli for dessert. They are even open later in the evening which helps settle that sweet craving. So many options. They have cookies and gelato  as well.Had a cup of coffee and a cannoli they were both good and the young lady work was very friendly and helpful.I got a very flavorful cannoli, especially after having a cheese steak from Geno's or Pat's. 
I got the Dark PB & J with half Italian half Nutella. It was really good and satisfied my sweet tooth. But $6 for a cannoli is almost as much as another philly cheese steak. That's the only reason why I took away some stars. I've had Cannolis just as good for half the price.
If you do commit to the $6, ask for half and half, I didn't even know it was an option until the cashier asked me if we could do that because they were running out of Nutella. Best of both worlds.My kids had hot chocolate and I had a Chai Tea Latte. Everything was delicious!! I went back before leaving the city!Gelato was very rich and tasty. They offered about 8 flavors but was disappointed to not have any fruit flavor options the day we were there. We got stracciatella and hazelnut. Price was about average to other gelato shops at about $6 for one scoop. The staff was less than thrilled to offer samples. When asked the difference between two flavors they responded - they are basically the same. Thanks for being so helpfulGot two cannolis and coffee here a few nights ago. Cannoli was delicious and not too sweet. Shells are imported from Italy. I got a shell dipped in chocolate with pistachios and another dipped in chocolate with hazelnuts. One was filled with original mascarpone and the other was a nutella mascarpone. Both were delicious but if I were to go again I would highly recommend the nutella filling. Coffee was good, I got a decaf americano and it was strong, hot and had good flavor. I did not look at the price before buying and two cannoli and a coffee cost $17 dollars. They are on the pricier side but worth the splurge every now and again.Ok. This is the best cannoli I ever had. This cannoli is Connie quality. The creamiest most delicious filling. They don't skimp on it. It's large. I could have eaten three. One was bad enough. Mine had hazelnuts on the outside. I had plain filling. If I started with the other flavors it would have been bad news. 
One star off because it is seven dollars. That's a lot. 5? 5.50? I would have bought two if they were five or so. 
After having Pats or Genos, come here. Or if your counting carbs, forgo the cheesesteak, save time and just come here. 
God help me.I wasabit undewhelmed with the canoli filling.  Just average.After being disappointed by both Gino's and Pat's we decided to hit up the bar... the hot chocolate bar and it did not disappoint. It is right next door to Gino's. I had a double espresso peanut butter and milk chocolate. It was damn good!Went for dessert and coffee.  The staff was very nice. Got an original and a pistachio crusted cannoli and 2 lattes. The cannolis were out of this world delicious!  Best I've ever had. Don't miss this place if you're visiting. Lattes were also very good.I am not a huge cannoli fan, but I love me a cannoli from here. I tried the pistachio & hazel nut cannoli and it was the freshest, tastiest and creamiest cannoli cream I have ever had. The shell that the cream was in was so yum yum and I would definitely go back. It was crunchy, munch and the edge of the shell was dipped in nuts & sweetness. I also had a tasty espresso and it was soooooooooo strong, in a good way. 
Come here for cannoli Love & espressos that will keep your eyes  open! 
Renee Rises in PhillyPassing by after trying cheese steaks.  Everything looked amazing but my tummy too full.  My daughter and mum had the gelato, pistachio and lemon.  Pistachio was thick and strong flavored.  Lemon tasted freshly ground and squeezed.  Yum!
The shells for the cannoli looked so tempting but didn't want to carry around.  Boy do I regret that now!Holy moly what a delicious cannoli! Great selection and worth every penny! Expensive at $5.00/cannoli but it is exceptional. 
Lost one star because the owner's child was Blasting her iPhone so loud I shortened my stay.