5 stars for the food and drinks - Everything has been amazing from breakfast to dinner.  A little quirky, the coffee is Rival Bros (some people love it), but the food is a well deserved 5 stars.We bought a groupon a good while ago to Cafe Chismosa. Living in south Philadelphia we never made the time to try it until last night when we were attending a performance of Cotton Candy Circus Arts at Vintage Cycles.
The food was wonderful . We shared the vegetarian bowl and the Leeks and cheese quesadilla. These dishes were exceptional as well as the coffee and salsa.
Another feature that was most impressive and unusual in other restaurants was the music. It was varied and interesting and did not interfere with conversation.
It is now on our restaurant rotation. We are definitely going backMy partner and I just moved into a place around the corner from Cafe Chismosa and we're absolutely in love with our local spot.  Having fresh, local, affordable meals along with wifi in a light, airy, chill environment is perfect for dissertation writing.  The coffee is perfection, and that they gladly accommodate my dairy/soy intolerance and kosher style eating regime is just how friendly and kind they are.  Really looking forward to the new Piki Piki Supper Club in late August after having a blast last Saturday at the Taquiza party.
Very enthusiastic thumbs up.
Try out the Cubano, espresso mixed with coconut cream, and the Veggie or Meat Lover's bowl.  The flavors are just phenomenal.Tasty breakfast burrito and egg sandwich on focaccia.  The best part was their six pack assortment of hot sauces.  Coffees seemed small in size although I ordered large but they were low in price.  Atmosphere was just ok bit food made up for it.Stopped in here for lunch a couple weeks ago.  Cute little place with a great looking menu.  The guac was amazing and everything we ordered was so fresh.  I especially loved the atmosphere (so much sunlight) and friendliness of the owner.Awesome salads and sandwiches. Might be the best Cubano in the city.Right around the corner from my house I'm so lucky this place is so cool and amazing! We stopped by after yoga in the park and couldn't believe how great not only the vibe but the food was.  Totally worth it if your into something a bit different and don't want to wait in a epic line at honeys where all the food tastes the same! Chismosa has some of the most authentic dishes I've ever tried for brunch! From the green smoothies to the awesome breakfast tacos there is so much to choose from  and grab yourself a Nutella banana barsSix stars!
Love Cafe Chismosa, a great neighborhood spot that should be a draw in its own right. Came here when Honey's Sit n Eat and Cafe La Maude had hour plus waits. Was so pleasantly surprised and I should have come here in the first place. 
Things to note:
1. They have at least six house-made salsas that are original, creative, surprising, and amazing. The pepita salsa that I had on my last visit was orgasmic! These salsas are also available for purchase so that you can bring them home and incorporate them into your daily life.
2. Coconut lattes are a revelation. I can't believe I have lived this long without knowing the joy that is Coconut lattes from Cafe Chismosa. Cafe Chismosa has a lunch and dinner menu, but it seems to do a brisk breakfast business selling food and coffee drinks.
3. The menu is inspired and inspiring. The chefs here are amazing and have concocted an array of tacos, bowls, and other latin-influenced foods. There is a strong presence of avocados and beans, which are obviously my favorites. 
4. The restaurant is BYO. With its reasonable prices and BYO status you can have an excellent meal and a great time for cheap!
5. They did not mind splitting checks for my group of five.In all honestly, I've inly ever ordered one thing here. I've gotten the breakfast burrito with bacon and avocado with a cup of coffee each and every time I've gone here for years. I'm sure they make other things. I've even seen the menu and it seems like there are a lot of other things to try and while they all do look nice and appetizing, I've enjoyed my burrito so much that I can't for the life of me think of trying anything else. My girlfriend tried something else once, don't remover what it was, had a bite, tasted great, but not as great as my burrito. 
Staff is great, ambiance enjoyable. Love stopping at my little cafe on the way to the dog park.I find when one first enters the blissfully controlled chaos of Cafe Chismosa, they might find themselves richly invigorated, not unlike a chance meeting with an old lover.  The ambiance is divine, with wafts of pungent odors not unpleasing gently caress the senses.  The decor tickles the eyes, and reminds you of lovers new and old.
My lover and I had just finished a round of voracious lovemaking in the hot tub of the luxurious Welshly Arms Hotel, and our hunger was as fierce as our lovemaking.  We took a lover's walk, hoping to find a vending machine or Denny's, but quite serendipitously we happened upon the welcoming Cafe Chismosa.  
The delicious food filled our bellies, satisfying us like only the most generous lover could.  My lover and I craved spiced meats, pungent cheeses, and coffee as strong as a lover's arms.  We became one, my lover and I, with our Short Rib Quesadilla and Huevos Rancheros.  
Might I also tell you of the homemade hot sauces we were given?  All titilated and enflamed the senses, and made our blood flow in a most sensual way.  
All this on the table satisfied us, but the most interesting activity happened below the table..hands groping, fingers fluttering, thighs twitching in the anticipation of love making.  My lover and I were also able to take our leftovers home in a takeout container, for us to enjoy later, under the stars, listening to the pounding of native drums.
Nothing pleases me more than a new restaurant to enjoy, other than perhaps two new lovers.I lived in Northern Liberties for 2 years and for some crazy reason never made it here until I moved to Fishtown, which was one of my biggest eating mistakes ever. This place deserves way more attention than they get. Everything is fantastic. My boyfriend and I split the guacamole, short rib quesadillas and breakfast tacos...all of which were perfect. The stand out was the short rib quesadillas, hands down. Don't even bother coming here unless you order some. Perfectly melty and balanced. Oh and the Cubano coffee is seriously addicting. 
Nice job, guys. I will definitely be back very soon.Cafe Chismosa happens to be one of those places that I really don't want to tell everyone about because then it will lose its beautiful charm, but at the same time absolutely deserves to be a booming business because of what a wonderful experience it provides its customers.
We came here for brunch last Sunday and was surprised. For how beautiful, small and amazing this place was- it was not crowded at all for the quintessential weekend brunch. We were seated immediately and started browsing the menu when all three of us realized, literally everything sounded amazing. I asked for recommendations (because I am WAYY to indecisive) and ended up ordering these phenomenal ancho chipotle quesadillas, which was a refreshing change for brunch. Seriously, these were amazing. Not only were the flavors absolutely spectacular, but the presentation was so well thought out and beautifully executed you could tell how much  love and care gets put into every meal. I get tired of the overpriced bland same old eggs benedict you can get anywhere. This southwestern twist on brunch has me hooked.  
Since it is still summertime, I accompanied my meal with a mint lemonade, which was refreshing- not too sweet or tart (and in a slushie form) as well as a dulce de leche popsicle. If it wasn't summertime I probably wouldn't have ordered the popsicle, but I was getting my YOLO swag on and it was still #worth. Did I mention they have a BYO champagne for mimosa's? yeah. That's right. Also BYO tequila. I NEED TO REMEMBER to do this next time. 
Anyways, my meal was absolute perfection and hit the spot in every single way. I cannot wait to go back and try the Huevos Rancheros and a cute latte with some cats on it, next time. 
I will say, it's a little out of the way but all the staff said that they would probably deliver to anywhere- so I will definitely be giving them a call in the very near future.
If I was going to leave you with one note, it's this: Please support this amazing business, they put so much love into food you can see it on the plate and most importantly- taste it in the food. You will not regret it.Although I was sad to see the Almanac market go....cafe chismosa is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!   I stopped in for breakfast on a Saturday morning and found that while they really only have one sandwich option for bfast, it was exactly what I was looking for!  The egg  with spinach and cheese (bacon optional) on the lightest and airiest foccacia I had ever had hit the spot.  Coupled with the delicious coffee and my day was off to a perfect start.  The space has great natural light and the rustic decor really gives a cozy and pleasant feel.  I am most excited to try their lunch/dinner options which seem to have a variety of tortas, quesadillas etc.  Service was very friendly too.  A great option for Latin food without having deal with the craziness and  bar crowd at the other Northern Liberties establishments:)This area is an excellent improvement to the area. Let me count the ways: The food is exceptional, unique to our region, and consistently fresh. The french press coffee is fairly priced (particularly for the big) and is cooked to perfection. The owner and wait staff are outgoing and comprehend every item on the menu in detail (preparation, flavor, etc), therefore it'd follow their service is also outstanding. Eventually, the music collection and atmosphere is welcoming, cozy, and has natural sun through the cafe. Oh, and free wifi.Nice! Am so glad we have this in the neighborhood. It took awhile for me to get there, but now that I did, am sure I will be back! It's a nice place to meet up with good friends or even go alone to study. 
The food is elegant and delicious - even better than I expected. The menu is very inventive, my artichoke and leek quesadilla was excellent; I would never have thought to combine those things but very glad they did! 
They also make a great latte. On second thought, it might be a bad thing to have finally discovered it.Love this place! Very happy it found a home in my 'hood. The owner and employees are always very kind and welcoming, even if you're only coming in for a coffee & bagel (which I often do, while parking at a table with my computer to take advantage of their wifi and lovely atmosphere). The breakfast pastries like apple cinnamon scones and guava cream cheese granola bars are always great- be sure to snag one especially if they're just coming out of the oven!
Great coffee, whether you get a French press, one of their many creative espresso drinks, or a mint limonada. On warm summer mornings I like treating myself to an iced coconut latte. 
The food is creative and delicious, especially the house-made salsas. I could probably eat an entire plate full of the pickled onions, which are added to many of the warm dishes (eggy breakfast plates, leek & artichoke quesadillas, tamales). Get here and try some of this truly delicious food!What a gem of a cafe this turned out to be!! My companion and I were on the prowl in our new neighbourhood for a likely cafe this afternoon in which to work and grab a bite. Lo and behold, Cafe Chismosa appeared before us out of the rain and fog, inviting us into its open doors with chill music, the irresistible smell of delicious food, and a smiling patron leaving the door with a look of total peace and satisfaction on her face: all signs pointed to "eat here!" We were greeted by the fellow behind the counter and invited to sit where we pleased, with menus brought to the table for us. The menu has both breakfasty/brunchy items on one side, and lunch on the other. I went for the Chismosa bowl (veggie), plus a green smoothie. The smoothie was fresh and flavourful, not too sweet and not too thick, just perfect green freshness. My veggie bowl was layer upon layer of flavour: a three bean stew with cojita cheese, cilantro, pickled red cabbage, sour creme, and a side serving of tortilla chips. OMG. Just the perfect balance of savory, salty, spicy goodness, which I also got to enhance with the help of a selection of 6 (SIX!) house hot sauces. I chose the "diablo loco" (pleasingly warm) and pepitas (outstanding toasty flavour with green herbs, maybe cilantro?) Food arrived hot and fast, and we were able to savour lunch while working on our laptops - the two folks working service today were attentive and checked in along the way, though we never felt rushed at all (and indeed we were comforted by the fact that another group of four appeared to be here for work as well, a good sign that laptops are welcome!) 
After we'd eaten I still wanted to stay and work for a bit, so I ordered a coco frio for a post-lunch caffeine kick: this is two shots of espresso, a little coconut creme, and coconut water - all over ice in a tall glass for a mere $4. PEOPLE. You must, must, MUST try the coco frio!!! Seriously, I was blown away by this drink: such a brilliant invention, a million times more delicious and refreshing than just regular ol' iced coffee. It really cooled me off and picked me up on this bizarrely humid November afternoon.
Overall, Cafe Chismosa has me thoroughly charmed, and I can't wait to go back: food, drinks, service, atmosphere - a winner on all points, hands down!My favorite place in Philly for food, coffee or just to loiter. The food here is amazing. Jugo (owner/chef) is a master with flavor. I recommend anything they have on special also my current favorite is the huevos rancheros and if they aren't sold out, get a scone or sometimes if you're lucky, a granola bar. Yum, yum, yum.Amazing food!  Bright space with a unique vibe.  Definitely worth a trip.  Glad to see this business thriving in Philly!Very good food and great cafe. Only reason I posted four stars is because the portions are a little small. I usually order three dishes to split with my boyfriend. Also they're a byob.For the quality and price, this is one of the best restaurants in Philly without question, and for brunch, it really can't be beat.
The Mexican/Cuban influenced menu is authentic yet accessible. The chef-owner is constantly rotating specials to suit the season and makes some truly memorable dishes. 
Everything here is worth a try, but one must-try highlight is the soup. They typically have their soup as a special, and each one I've tried is incredible, especially the chicken caldo, which may be the best soup I've ever had. Winter, spring, summer, fall -- get the soup. Even if its 90 degrees out, get the soup. It's that good.
Beyond the food, the best thing about Chismosa is that its never that crowded. Stroll past the 45 minute wait at Green Eggs on Sunday morning and snag a table at the airy, relaxed Chismosa and prepare to try some of the best food you've had in Philly.First time here but don't know why I would ever not comeback again and again. Great staff and food is super flavorful!! DELICIOUS! The ambiance is pretty sweet and it's just open enough to have a good group here.This place is SO INCREDIBLY GOOD! I live in MD and want to drive back to philly to have breakfast here again! It's a very "boutique-y" restaurant but I thought that was an awesome thing. The flavor is rich and the presentation is on point. The only thing is that you should WALK here. Parking is very limited in front of the restaurant.I'm really into this place. So much so that I have been the past two Saturdays for brunch. I love that its just a few small tables and never a wait. I love a place where the chef comes out and tells you about the food too. The coconut latte is insanely good!! I could drink one every day and be happy. They also make their own hot sauces that you can choose from (the pepitas is the best!) and the food is pretty unique and quite delicious. It's not the best breakfast I have ever had or anything, but I don't need the best breakfast in the world every weekend. I think the chilaquiles I had today were definitely worth ordering again, but I wouldn't do the frittata another time. They serve Reanimator coffee (plus pour overs!) and sell it for cheaper than anywhere else you will get in the city. The mix of Asian and Hispanic decor and vibe is pretty cool and unusual, and for some reason they are always playing songs that make me nostalgic about being 16. Bonus: you can bring your dog inside!The pumpkin latte is so delicious, stop in here for that anytime this winter. Makes Starbucks taste blah! The pumpkin they make themselves. I have only tried a few things off the breakfast menu, but everything was delicious and the owner is super nice and appreciative of the local support.This place is SO INCREDIBLY GOOD! I live in MD and want to drive back to philly to have breakfast here again! It's a very "boutique-y" restaurant. Everything is well thought out from the food to the decor. The flavor is rich and the presentation is on point. TIP: you should WALK here. Parking is very limited in front of the restaurant and the GPS wil have you driving in circles.Excellent!  Friendly service, lovely spot, GREAT pork sandwich- Ei Cerdo Tortas!  Can't wait to go back for breakfast!This is the first time I try cafe chismosa and I'm not impress. I've purchased iced green tea latte and iced coconut latte. The iced green tea latte taste more like chai tea plain. On the other hand, the coconut latte taste like plain iced coffee. Where is the green tea flavor and the coconut flavor in both of the lattes? I will try the other food items on the menu that I've heard so much about next time and maybe I will give the hot coconut latte a try too.Food is good here however the manager was very rude and needs a lesson in how to accommodate to all of his guests who come into the restaurant to pay for their services. Won't be returning after feeling un-welcomed. Cafe La Maude and Honey's are on the same block with more friendly service and even better food.Cafe Chismosa has all of the characteristics of a FIVE STAR establishment. The aesthetic is quaint and very cozy, and the food comes out incredibly fast. I came here for lunch with friends who frequent there often and I was extremely happy.
FOOD: I ordered the "Drunken Burrito" which was stuffed with pork carnitas and was absolutely phenomenal. Truly, each bite was better than the last and regrettably, I forgot to snap a photo before digging in! So you'll have to settle for my attacked burrito. There are also six amazing and very different hot sauces which are great additions to the meal. 
I 100% plan on returning back and will definitely update my review when I can be absolutely on my overall thoughts, but truly this small, local Latin cafe was one of the best finds I've been too this year! Definitely recommend!
P.S. Pet friendly!Came here for brunch this morning into a very small, home kitchen "feel"restaurant.  We ordered the salmon cream cheese bagel to split, breakfast tacos, and my friend ordered a specialty egg dish.  Our meals were delicious and very rich in flavor.  It was one of the best cream cheese bagels I ever had.  The owner came out and asked us how we like everything and made sure that we enjoyed our first experience.  I would definitely come here again to try other items on the menu.We live rather close to here and finally decided to stop by for breakfast/lunch.  We originally just wanted some bagels but our server had mentioned they only did bagels on Saturday and Sunday.  That's fine - no big deal, so we told her we'd just need a minute to decide on something else.  We ordered a black iced coffee, iced mocha latte with soy milk, and a fresh squeezed OJ.  Our drinks were spectacular but the reason for the 3 stars is the service and time.  It took them over 30 minutes to get those 3 drinks, and I had to ask for them again because our original server had forgotten...We ended not getting food because it just took so long for everything.  The cafe was not busy at the time - About 4 other people in the restaurant and there were 4 people working.  The girl who originally sat us wasn't terribly friendly, but the girl who made our drinks was great. So coffee wise, definitely delicious.  If it wasn't such slow service we would have ordered food.  Overall, I think I'll just go there for drinks on the go.Tried this place after reading great reviews and it does not disappoint!  Super cute, cozy, and relaxing atmosphere with great service.  Hubs and I had coffees - it was the best I've had in a long time!  I'll definitely be buying some Rival Brothers coffee beans from them soon.  We shared the Huevos Rancheros and the Short Rib Quesadillas.  Both were really flavorful, fresh tasting ingredients and large portions.  I don't typically like short ribs but the seasoning on the quesadilla was delicious! I'll definitely be back to try some of their espresso drinks and their amazing looking salads and ceviches.The food and coffee is phenomenal. I had the huevos rancheros and a cold brew and couldn't be happier. Great balance of flavors (opted for the white bean and chorizo with the huevos, other option is black bean). Pickled onion and avocado on top are great. Selection of 6 different hot sauces, I had the Diablo which was a perfect addition for my love of spicy.
Chill ambience, good music and sunshine pouring in through the windows. The staff was super nice and helpful. 
I'll be back!Came here for brunch and fell in love. The coconut latte is yummy. I can't stop talking about how delicious the pizole special is. Everything was fresh and delicious and perfectly paired for a delghtgul brunch. Fresh ingredients and delicious. Can't wait to come back hereNot only did i have a coconut cubano, I couldn't resist and also had a coconut latte to go.  Yes it's that amazing.  We opted to come here after seeing the many people waiting at Cafe Lift.  Plus i really wanted the guy to try their coconut goodness.  He completely loved it that we ended up buying coconut cream at the grocery store to replicate the espresso and latte.  He devoured the focaccia breakfast sandwich and huevos rancheros.  The sauce on the huevos was very tasty.   I had the 3 breakfast veggie tacos accompanied by the flavors of the 6 pack sauces.  I opted for the pumping and chipotle today.  I feel bad for you if you haven't been here, trust me your missing out.Oh man do I love this place! Service is friendly and attentive and more importantly the food is awesome!
This tiny quaint café dishes up in my opinion the best tamales in Philadelphia. I have tried the vegetarian, chipotle chicken and breakfast tamales and they are all "lick your plate" kind of good :) My favorite is still the vegetarian. My date got the breakfast tacos and was raving about them...I will definitely be back to try some of the specials they sound delicious!A gem in the Northern Liberties neighborhood, Cafe Chismosa has the right price point and charm. The staff is wonderful and their homemade tray of hot sauces are the best. My favorite is the chipotle. My roommates and I come here a few times a week!I don't get it. All the crappy, line out the door, brunch spots in No Libs and this place never has a wait for one of their four tables. Huevos Rancheros, Veggie Bean Bowl and any special of the day. Thats all you and a guest need to become a loyal fan of Cafe Chismosa. A little tip, you can order one of their six homemade salsa's to go. I picked up three salsas for a foodie party and all anyone could talk about was the salsa. Not the Esposito's Pork, not the Di Bruno Meats and Cheeses, but the Cafe Chismosa Salsas. 
Only tiny, tiny complaint, they have, what appear to be, supermarket chips. If they carried Tortilleria San Roman's chips or just made some themselves, this would be the best Latin American spot in Philly.This place is wonderful. Everything about this place is so well thought out -- the restaurant is lovely, Hugo and his staff are great. But the food. Oh man. The ancho BBQ short rib quesadilla is easily on my "Top Ten Favorite Things to Eat in Philly" list. The guacamole is also not to be missed, and the gallina torta is also delicious. Don't miss this place if you're looking for a fantastic BYO.Get the pepita hot sauce. You can buy it and bring it home with you, thank God. I need this on my breakfast every day!! It's almost more like a spicy seed or nut butter than a sauce, and soooo amazing!Every meal I've had here has been delicious. I highly recommend the tamales, tortas and the tortilla soup. They care about food and it shows.I came here with a Groupon deal - 12$ for 25$ worth. After reading the reviews, I was excited to try this place out!
First of all, the interior is shockingly small. It really is like a cafe. It was cheery, cutely decorated, and we gladly took a seat next to a half open window, soaking in the nice weather. The server we had was really nice, and gave good recommendations. 
Food was great. We had the chicken chipotle tamale to start off with, and then split the cerde (torta) and the chorizo and white bean quesadilla. I loved everything we ordered - everything tasted fresh and warm, and it was extremely filling. I could barely finish everything we had, and the 6 home made hot sauces were so much fun to experiment with (my favorite was the roasted tomato, my friend preferred the one with the fruit in it (I don't remember which fruit)).
I'm hoping to return again soon (this time without a Groupon), especially for breakfast.I really liked Cafe Chismosa. It's nice to see that small, intimate establishments still exist in the city and offer great tasting food. The atmosphere here is quiet and friendly and I loved the artsy touches with the light fixtures and natural wood. However, along with being a smaller restaurant comes a few problems like running out of dishes before the end of the day, which is the main reason I'm not giving this a higher rating. Although I really enjoyed all that I ordered, I was looking forward to trying their guacamole and tamales, both of which they did not have available. I was able to get the last orders of their shrimp ceviche and the Ancho BBQ Braised Beef Short Rib Quesadilla. I loved them both! The ceviche was super fresh. I wished that the sauce/juice on top of the avocado and shrimp was a little chunkier so that I could have scooped up more with the chips that came with it. The short rip quesadilla was a little too soft (maybe even soggy? but that sounds too negative) and on the smaller side, but still delicious! I loved the combo of short rib, cheese and the truffle cream - such a treat! I also had the Cous Cous Avocado Salad With Smoked Shrimp with the purpose of adding some green to my meal. The salad ingredients married well and packed in some major flavor which made my "boring side salad" a star of the meal! Of note, the smoked shrimp were really unique and sooo tasty. I will definitely be trying to make a version of this in my own kitchen.
This little BYOB was a surprise for my taste buds and I'm excited to go back in the future for breakfast to try their awesome coffee I keep hearing about.We just had a spectacular brunch at Chismosa.  The guacamole was outstanding, we immediately ordered seconds.  Each of our dishes was tasty and so beautifully served that they looked like art. We especially liked the chilaquilles and shrimp ceviche -- a healthy dish full of vegetables. Flavors were unusual and subtle. Staff were friendly. We will definitely return soon. Elaine F.Good vibe in this small eatery. The music and the coffee here is the star. A bit more is expected of the food though. For example tortas should be on nice soft telera rolls but the rolls here are lack luster. Much like a hoagie or a bahn mi the bread needs to be the star. Keep upping your game hombre!Give these guys a try.  They are new to the hood and deserve our support.  Super clean, cool tunes and good food.  A little pricey for some items...but I guess it is 2012! I had the Vegetarian Bowl - a mash up of really nice flavors, and quite hearty!  Good luck Cafe Chismosa. Hope you are around for a long time to come.I live around the corner so Chismosa is usually my go-to for Saturday or Sunday morning coffee. I love the designs in the Cappuccinos and Lattes it's such a nice touch. I've never gotten anything to eat because I'm not a huge Mexican fan but my boyfriend has and he loves it. I'm hoping to try the ceviche one of these days because it does sound good.We went first thing in the morning, and it was just OK. The owner seemed really nice, though, and was able to accommodate our dietary needs (we're on a strange diet right now), so we'll be back to give it another try.Cafe Chismosa is an underrated gem in Northern Liberties. You always receive the best service and the food is delicious. I'm a big fan of the tortas and any of the specials. The homemade hot sauces are incredibly good. This is a special place!Delicious food! The short rib quesadilla is my favorite! I just wish there was more! Definitely a great coffee shop and good for a long period with a meal break :)Maybe if I really liked cats in my lattes or wasn't expecting a proper restaurant walking in I would have thought more of this place.  It's best viewed through the lens of "a coffee shop that happens to have good food" versus "a restaurant that happens to serve good coffee" and popsicles and other stuff.
To be honest the whole transaction was a bit awkward.  Walk in...oh so this is pretty much a coffee shop, not a restaurant.  OK cool.  Do I seat myself?  What if, like, more than 5 people want to eat here at once?  Do I tip like at a restaurant, or a coffee shop?  What do I do with my plates?  You know what I'm saying.  The food, the people were nice enough just manage expectations walking in.This is one of my favorite place to eat in the whole world! It's amazon Mexican food that leaves you feeling full but not heavy and gross. Everything is fresh and beautifully played and the service and people are all friendly and always great you with a smile!  Sophie also makes the best foam art on the coffees!Went back for dinner and it did not disappoint!  My husband and I split the BACON guacamole which  delicious, had thick chunks of bacon and served with fresh chips.  The short rib quesadilla is very filling and served with a yummy cream sauce.  The highlight of the meal  however had to be the ceviche mixto....the flavors just exploded, make sure not to skip this. We brought a few beers with us as it is now BYOB.  It was quiet for a Friday evening but I am sure that will not last long as word gets out:)A great find in No Libs with food that is created with passion!  I've been for both brunch and dinner and everything is delicious:  Stand outs for me include Homemade Guacamole, Meat Lovers Chimosa Bowl and Quesadilla with Wild Mushrooms.  The coffee is amazing and worth a stop in the morning before headed to work.  Another Yelper mentioned the sauces!  You can purchase large size to take home.  Do it!  Chef/owner is a friendly guy-don't miss out.  This place is a gem!Writing an update...
This place is such a gem! The smoked shrimp / avocado / couscous salad is amazing. And you can sweeten the hibiscus tea to your liking. Love it.Here for the second time in 4 days.  These guys don't miss on anything they serve.  I've had a breakfast burrito and a chorizo and white bean quesadilla.  The girlfriend had the breakfast tacos and the El Cordero which is a lamb sandwich on focaccia bread.  You never "just" get a taco or a burrito.  These guys put their own spin on everything they serve you including on the presentation... and they don't miss.  If it wasn't for the yelp rating, it's the type of place in a neighborhood you'd likely not find unless you lived next door.  It's the perfect place to spend a snow day.My friends in Philly live right around the corner from this place so we find ourselves here often, it is truly a gem! The atmosphere is relaxed and great for small groups, they provide scrabble and other games for you to play at your table! The food is so flavorful and authentic and is unique compared to your typical brunch menu. I also have to get a smoothie every time I stop in here because they have such a great variety. Overall it is one of the top three brunch places I've been to in NoLibs for sure.I haven't had a Cuban sandwich in a very long time so this spot was fantastic. I really enjoyed the choice of hot sauces they presented with the food. I had a nice cup of cafe con leche, which I cannot find anywhere else in the city, so it was great finally coming across a spot that offers it. I would definitely go back to explore the rest of the menu.Food was great but they took a reallllly long time getting it out plus my order was wrong :/ great options for vegans and vegetarians and a really cute space!Spotted this newish addition to the neighbourhood on Monday, when they are closed, so I returned today to give it a try with a friend. We were not disappointed!
The decor is tasteful, the ambiance is relaxed and comfortable, the music was fun and at the appropriate volume.
We had excellent service - friendly, helpful, and accommodating.
The food was DELICIOUS. We shared today's bagel special (with goat cheese, cherry preserves, and balsamic) as well as the leek and artichoke quesadilla. Both were absolutely delicious and beautifully plated.
BONUS this local place takes credit cards, which is a major convenience for those who don't often carry cash!
Overall, this was great, and we'll definitely be back to try more!My favorite brunch place.  
I kind of don't want to tell too many people though - for now it's not obnoxiously crowded like all of the other places that aren't on CC's level.  
I love:
The atmosphere
The food
The music
The service
The coffee/drinks
The prices
The wifi
The special events
Some favorites: pumpkin spice latte, artichoke and leek quesidilla, huevos rancheros, the salsa and guacamole.  Their food is so good.  Try it.My two friends and I walked into our neighborhood establishment, Cafe Chimosa, for the first time,  to have breakfast.  We greeted the server, who was behind the counter, and asked if we could seat ourselves since all the tables were available.  He did not greet us back but said, barely, that he'd be with us in a minute. His panties were in a knot about something and his demeanor was totally  unwelcoming. We decided to leave and find another spot - Cafe La Maude. Seems like he may have been having a bad day but we didnt contribute to it and deserved better 
Maybe I will return. I doubt it.One of my favorite places in Philly. First, the iced Rival Bros coffee is awesome. But so is the food. Avacado, spinach, salmon...it's all good. And don't forget to top off your dish with a collection of killer hot sauces. This is the ideal Brunch spot.I'm a sucker for any place that does any sort of latte art, and just happened to see this place tagged on Instagram one day with a picture featuring animal latte art.
So, on my first day in Philly, I stopped by this place only to grab coffee then immediately changed my mind and decided to eat as well after I saw the menu with authentic Latin American dishes. Coffee-wise, I'd recommend the Coconut latte and the cold brew, both were really wonderful. Food-wise, the tamales were delicious.
The atmosphere was perfect - relaxing, laid back, and cozy, and the prices were significantly less than I expected they would be. Service was wonderful all around - which made the experience that much better.
Pros: authentic food choices, coffee, atmosphere, service
Cons: location (a little far out for a typical touristy/weekend trip in downtown Philly, but worth it if you have a little extra time)Maybe I went on a off morning or something . I never went here before and was meeting my cousins there for coffee/breakfast . We sat outside and waited a little the waitress gave us some menu and said she will be back. I wasn't sure if there was more coffee selections inside the shop so my husband and I just went in to just see. The employee saw us and said she already gave us menus , so I just said ok I just wanted to see. I didn't like the attitude and i just went back outside and picked some coffee that sounded interesting. Got the coffee and it wasn't good to me. I was going to order breakfast but I didn't because I just lost my appetite.Me and a couple friends were in NoLibs on a Saturday afternoon and have been to the traditional brunch faves in the area and decided to try something different. We stumbled on Cafe Chismosa, which has a cute, inviting door and specials board outside. We were greeted by a friendly gentlemen behind the counter, who I think is the owner.
I had a coconut latte, which was to die for. My friend tried the hibiscus tea, equally as addictive.
For brunch, we tried the cous cous salad with shrimp, which was fresh and light yet filling and well balanced, the wild mushroom quesadilla, which was the best quesadilla I can remember, and the torta ahogada with chicken, a decadent chicken sandwich soaked in a rich, flavorful broth / sauce.
The ambiance was cozy, food and drinks wonderful, and overall a great brunch / lunch. Have since returned several times for the to die for coconut lattes and have tried some other quesadillas and sandwiches, all of which were similarly impressive. I also love their housemade sauces and salsas. So happy to have found Cafe Chismosa!!So yummy, so authentic , so cute, affordable and BYOB!My only complaint is that I cannot have more Café Chismosa in my life because of their limited hours.  (OK, also sometimes service is a bit slow when they are busy.)  But this little café - surrounded, BTW, by like 6 Mexican restaurants within a stone's throw, offers up better Latin fare than many places north of Girard.  Prices are totally reasonable and the food is always super fresh and inventive while seeming comfortably familiar.  Love the tamales, breakfast burritos, veggie bowls, and fancy shmancy drinks like watermelon mint limonatta!They have a variety of hot sauces, all homemade.  Excellent Mexican.  I found this place when another restaurant was full and was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of their food.  I will be coming back!Made an impromptu stop here recently and tried a variety of their offerings.  They were all quite tasty.  Particularly the ceviche and the chicken tostadas; yum!  (the veggie one was fine, but on the bland side; also, it could have used a green other than what appeared to be iceberg lettuce.  but these are small quibbles).  The tea drink I had was excellent.
The space is small, but well appointed and comfortable.  They have a couple of outdoor seats, as well (maybe they'll have more as the weather gets warmer).  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  The prices are reasonable and the specials can be a bargain.  Overall, a great little neighborhood spot (if you're in the neighborhood).
I plan to return -- hopefully with some beers to accompany the cuisine.COCONUT CREAM LATTE.
CHILEQUILES.
everything here is delicious and thoughtfully presented. The coffee is fantastic, with skulls designed into the foam, the brunch - eggs/ sides/ sauces are superb.
They really nailed every detail here and I am already dying to go back and take friends.All I can say is SHORT RIB QUESADILLA.
Don't ever change a thing. 
Thank you Cafe Chismosa.Tucked away on a street corner in Nolibs you wouldn't know this hidden gem existed unless you were specifically looking for it.  We went here with a groupon deal and we will definitely come back to sample more of their delicious food, and awesome service.  
We started with the bacon guac and moved onto the chipotle chicken tamale.  I don't know what was in the sauce for the tamale, but if it was the last thing I ever ate I wouldn't hate it.  The short-rib quesadilla was truly the star of the show though.  A little sweet, very savory, and perfectly crunchy and oozy as a quesadilla should be.
Can't wait to come back for brunch!Good place for brunch, though the service is lackluster and the staff are often unfamiliar with the specials.  Nice selection of cheap-ish food, delicious hot sauces.  Coffee drinks are very good (Dirty Chai is unsweetened, which is perfect and rare) but expensive (Dirty Chai was $5).
They have a good mix of Mexican food and normal breakfast food.  I've only been for brunch.This spot is quickly becoming our new go to in the hood. Great coffee and the best breakfast sandwich I've had in the city.Came here for dinner with my mom and sister, we tried the quinoa smoked scallop salad which I really enjoyed, the mushroom quesadilla and artichoke and leek quesadilla.  Everything was plated nicely and tasted great.  I was impressed that the chef was the only one running the business all by himself!  It is definitely a great little place to go for a cheap meal especially if you use the groupon or yelp deal.Cute little cafe in Nolibs that has pretty good customer service and an amazing smoked scallop salad.
Stopped in here this past saturday to get some take out and remembered my rest.com certificate. I ordered the melted leek and artichoke quesadilla. The quesadilla wasn't the tits but the salad was.My only gripe is there was half an avocado on top of the salad, there were a few too many jalapeños as well but those could easily be picked out. The dressing had a sweet spice and there were a good amount of scallops mixed in. If they cute out half the amount of avocado and lowered the price to 8.00 or 8.50 id order it again.The quesadilla was ok nothing to write home about i probably would not order it again.The menu is a decent size and they also make specialty coffee and tea drinks. Its pretty small inside but there are a few tables and a cool couch area.Fantastic cheviches! Friendly staff, fresh food, chef on staff to chat. The fresh juices are awesome! My favorite drink was the coconut soy milk latte - delicious!Went here during a morning of house hunting in northern liberties. It's a cute little cafe with a very interesting menu. We ordered a cafe mocha and a chocolate cake. Chocolate cake was death in a bite. So soft, moist and rich. It made me feel guilty and good at the same time. Coffee was very nice too. Will definitely come to try brunch here next time.