Been going here for years. Seriously the best Banh Mi in Philadelphia! Fresh baguette, best pâté, perfectly crisp thinly sliced veggies...a must must for foodies. Only wish is more meat and pâté to the sandwich...but its still delish. Go here and your belly will thank you :)Brunch this morning was as awesome as it gets.  I eat here almost every weekend.  Food always consistently good!  Their take-out counter always has tempting treats and I often buy 1 or 2 to go to enjoy later that day or the next day.Happy New Year!  
My first dine out of 2012, whoop!  I ordered the pork chop with shredded pork broken rice.  It was very delicious.  My friends ordered the seafood rice noodle soup and was just complimenting its authenticity (they are Cambodian and Viet origin).  Soooo, I'm looking forward to that next time.  Also banh mi (but darn I'm fasting from wheat).
Anyways, I had an avocado smoothie and that was 5 stars!  Prob the best around town.  I hold off to giving a place 5 stars until I get a repeat wow from them but I will def go again.
FYI, its located in Adams Plaza in case you got sorta lost from TomTom like me.  ^_^This place has the best banh mi in the city. I cannot eat at any other location bc it always ends up so disappointing. Its not a fancy place but the food is always excellent.I went to the Pho 75, located directly next door to Cafe Saigon, a few weeks ago (delicious by the way) and saw this place tucked into the corner of the strip mall. After reading some reviews on here, I decided to give it a try. 
I got the #2, charbroiled pork Banh Mi with various pickled and fresh vegetables, the Special #1, pork spring rolls, and a cup of rainbow tea. All three were absolutely delicious, and I will definitely be going back soon. The cuts of meat on the Banh Mi were choice and cooked perfectly. The pickled vegetables were, for the most part, a bit weak tasting, but they didn't overpower that delicious broiled pork taste, so I didn't mind. The french bread used in these sandwiches was tasty and went well with the rest of the pieces of the sandwich. The spring rolls were of average quality, I haven't necessarily had better or worse rolls from shops in Philly, but I enjoyed them. The rainbow tea, however, was an experience. I had no idea what the heck this was, but someone on here recommended it and I am glad I picked one up. This was my favorite part of the meal. A textural medley suspended in a freaking addicting sweet cream reminiscent of coconut milk.Hells yes to Banh Mi
A culinary joy ride
with friendly service
I've recently started eating my way down the Adams Ave. Vietnamese corridor. Sadly to this point my experience with Vietnamese food has been limited in the seemingly limitless combination's of Pho ingredients...not any more. I have taken off the water wings and jumped into the deep end (mouth first). 
Seeing Dave H. and others review this as the best Banh Mi, I scrapped my systematic progression down Adams and jumped right to the end. I ordered the charbroiled pork version and with in minutes everything I thought I knew about sandwiches was rearranged like some cosmic Rubik's Cube in the hands of a sandwich genius that had correctly "solved" the puzzle by my last bite. 
The server working the tables was quite attentive and in between taking orders, getting people's drinks,  running down the strip mall to make a delivery, and explaining things, he was bringing checks to the tables at a pay at the counter place...just a little extra effort on his part and it was noticed and appreciated. 
I rolled in just after 1:30 and was one of 4 tables sat in the tiny restaurant. I understand there is a hefty lunch crowd and even in my after lunch time slot they were doing a steady, if not frantic, take out business.
This is a well liked establishment, by me for one and seemingly the rest of NE Philly tooPretty solid pork bahn mi with classic Viet style pickled veggies. The jalapeño adds a nice tongue-numbing zing. I think this is pretty standard bahn mi, nothing mind-blowing but authentic and on point. For $4 a pop, one can't really complain!
The iced viet coffee was pretty on point! Sweet, refreshing, and milky. Who could complain? Of course it's no fancy-pants drink but also no frills. Solid drink that's perfect for this weather
Overall, I thought this was pretty solid food but nothing special. I'll have to come back to try other sammies and pho for a better idea though.Best banh mi in philly no doubt, i''ve been eating their hoagies since i was a little kid. Nothing really has changed since then, i plan to keep coming here for many more Vietnamese HoagiesViet hoagie is amazing! You must try their beef stew soup with rice noodles and bread! In fact, just order everything because it's pretty damn affordable compared to newer restaurants these days. Very crowded but when you're falling in love with your food, nothing else matters...Hands down the best vietnamese food in all of Philadelphia. I've been all over philly for vietnamese food having grown up here. Almost every food here is a hit. Amazing hoagies, succulent pork chops, and my all time favorite,  bo  luc  lac. It's translated as shaken beef cubes? You must try it if you ever go here and are in the mood for beef! Del friscos got nothing on this dish. Jk they are entirely different dishes but both good none the less.Probably oldest restaurant in NE Philly serving  Vietnamese noodle soups, rice dishes,banhmi, and other stuff. Oldie but goodieThe Bahn Mei was the best I've ever had. Can't wait to go back and try the light bulb bubble teas.This hard to find little place (tucked in a corner of a strip mall with the name on a small sign above the door) has really good Banh mi.  Not for the squeamish, it is true pork belly which along with the mayo makes for a really good, rich sandwich.  The Italian rolls are light and fresh and warmed in the oven rite before the ingredient are added.  This is a no non-sense place that is fast and fresh.  Cash only.This is one of the most authentic Vietnamese restaurants in Philly. My favorite dish is Bánh hi bò nng là. It's kind of DIY dish, I can add whatever I want onto the rice paper and wrap it myself. They usually give the regular fish sauce with the dish, but if you want to have the local experience, ask them to get you the sauce made with pineapple and fish. There are other delicious food too, explore yourself!So i love this place and used to get food here atleast once a week if not more when i worked in the vicinity
I always got take out from here but they do have enough seating but not a restaurant kinda feel to me it always seemed like a take out joint
Their charbroiled chicken with broken rice is my all time favorite with a lot of hot sauce. My friends usually get the pork chops or beef cubes
The quantity and quality of food here is amazing and i hear they have some good vietnamese hoagies (never tried one)
ONLY 1 ISSUE: They are very stingy with their hot sauce for take out. For some damn reason every time we order I ask for a side of hot sauce with each entree and they give me hard time for it. I have no idea why? really how expensive can those tiny plastic containers be and if u dine in you can eat all the hot sauce you want. And if they get an order of 5 to 6 things regularly from someone the least they can do is be nice about providing hot sauce haha.
So we eventually bought a bottle from H Mart and kept it at work but seriously they get very anal when you ask for hot sauce while picking up take out.
all in all the food is amazing and forth every penny.
Also: They dont ever have plastic knives... for people like myself who cant do chop sticks: giving me fork and spoon does not help me eat my meat.Use to be the best place to grab hoagies all year round  
I guess they got too comfortable with everything.. Now they serve ppl brick hard bread for their hoagies the worst I tell you and it wasn't the first or second time, I mean it's been like this for months now smh... Thank god they did that dough  
It made me venture to other spots and found a better place  so thank you Saigon for not realizing your bread sucks I know the staff there prolly won't eat it themselves, you might lose a couple teethsI love this place. They offer Vietnamese foods that my mom don't always cook for me because it's time-consuming and partially because she's lazy. lol. Sometimes the place is so packed and that's my only problem I have with this place. Someone I knew suggested that it was the best Banh Mi in the area (It might be, who knows... I feel like everyone in the area has their ups and downs).... I love the Banh Mi with the fried egg though! It's awesome.My first time here, and I was impressed with the taste of the food.
My husband and I were freezing our tails off, because every time the door was opened, a chilly, wintery breeze would attack us.
Besides that, I wish they had more seating, this place was packed the entire hour we were there.
I was really impressed with the Bahn mi, the taste was extremely delicious, however, it was so tiny, wish they made it bigger.
Their Vermicelli Bowls were one of the best I've ever had. I'm a huge Vermicelli Bowl fan, and I've had nothing but disappointments at the last few restaurants I've been to, but if I have to come back from something, it would definitely be this.
My hubby ordered this Vietnamese Noodle Soup, not Pho, but it was pretty good, nothing to rave out, and not something I would order again, but it was good. 
The staff was friendly too, something next door Pho 75 should pick up on.After having a not so great experience one time at this place, I'm glad to report its just a one time thing and that their banhmi is better. Almost as good as my fav place QT in Chinatown, but this one is a close second after trying it for a second time. The one with the roast pork is my absolutely favorite. Need to try their non banhmi food for next time.Cafe Saigon, the king of the north when talking about Banhmi. I always get the number 2 hoagie with BBQ pork and it delivers every time. However if you go in the morning when the bread is nice and fresh it is seriously the best I've had. 
I didn't think the bread would make that much of a difference in the morning but it almost makes it worth waking up extra early for it, almost. 
I should really give their other food a try sometimes. I see a lot of Viets eating in there so I'm assuming it must be good. Will report back with further deetsNever got to eat the food. Read the reviews and was impressed. I am an African American woman and after walking in and having the man behind the counter roll his eyes at me 2 times in in a matter of 10 seconds, I thought probably not a good place to eat. It always amazes me that there a restaurant in predominantly black cities that don't expect black people to eat there. Your wish has come true! LolI went to this restaurant before I was born haha. My grandpa told me about the restaurant when he first came to America from Vietnam. Till this day we still go here frequently! I'd have to say that their bánh mì is the best in the city. It's cheap and the quality and taste is.. PHO-KING AMAZING. The authenticity of this place is quite legit. A ton of viet elders go here and from that you can tell that they appreciate the taste. I'm not afraid to say that I've tried all the items on their orig menu and specialty menu! honestly best place to get your viet food cravings satisfied :)I stopped in to try the food.... Ive always eaten next door, and decided to eat here. I walked in and asked for a table..
The waitress came over with a smile, and I asked about Pho, she told me next door.
So I asked for a recommendation she pointed to Bun bo hue...
I am always willing to try something new
It did not disappoint, flavorful, tender beef, I loved the broth, and to "top it all" it was filling.
Stop in, its not a big place, but the food is awesome at a good price!I give them a 2 star only because I found a roach in my soup before. I love the food, but the same cannot be said about their upkeep on cleanliness. Hopefully they've changed, but they do make really good viet hoagies, grilled garlic chicken, wonton soup and other things as wellI like to go to this place in the morning whenever I have time to eat a breakfast/lunch type of ordeal. Today I tried the Hu Tieu My Tho, Fried taro cake with eggs, and to drink ice coffee with condensed milk. Everything was delicious for the cold weather philadelphia just recently had.Best vietnamese hoagie in philly. Im telling you, once you had it from here.. everywhere else just doesnt compare.Delicious Vietnamese food at Cafe Saigon.
Bahn Mi is super cheap yet delicious. The broken rice dishes are very filling. No extra charge for a fried egg on top of your rice.
The place can be a bit of a mess and the tables don't always get wiped down between customers but this isn't exactly fine dining.Cafe Saigon is an underrated authentic Vietnamese restaurant in the Northeast. This little hole in the wall offers so many different authentic Vietnamese dishes you wouldn't often see at a pho place however they do not serve pho here. They have dishes like bun mang vit (duck bamboo shoot noodle soup), bun mam (vietnamese gumbo), banh canh (crab thick noodle soup) amongst many other rare authentic vietnamese dishes often dished up at home. The flavors are there and the staffs are quite friendly. I know everyone comes here for their banh mi but if you're feeling adventurous and would like to dive into vietnamese cuisine head first, i'd recommend giving this place a try. Also, it's cheap eats! You can't beat great food that fits your budget!This is for their bahn mi, particularly their bbq pork bahn mi. Hand down the best viet hoagie. Used to be $3.50 for the bbq pork, but now it's $4. Its not HUGE, but it is ok for anyone that has a decent appetite. The flavor is ridiculous and the bread is awesome. Definitely one of the best bahn mi's ever.Hungry and only got a few bucks on you? And somehow you're in Northeast Philadelphia? Well being a yelper who actually grew up in this area, I recommend you skip the dollar menu and come here for a yummy Banh Mi!
Do order the #1 ($3.50)- It's an airy baguette served with various Vietnamese cold cuts, sour pickled daikon and carrot, crisp cilantro, spicy chilis, cool sliver of cucumber, pork liver pâté, special homemade mayonnaise, and drizzled with Maggi soy sauce..mmm I'm dying here. I want one now. 
I also love their wonton noodle soup and Buon Cuon. Both are incredibly delicious compared to other places. If you have room for dessert, order the Che Ba Mau (3 colors drink- served with mung beans, black-eyed peas, kidney beans, tapioca, and jelly). Final tips include bring cash and come before 7 PM when they close.Had their banh mi (priced at $3) today and was pleased. I wished they had a little bit more meat in the sandwich, but the pate and mayo was spot on; flavorful and fatty. The bread, which I think is the most important, could have been better. I wished it was crispier and not so stale. The texture was not how I imagined the "best banh mi" is supposed to be like.
Their banh canh gio heo (pig trotter noodle soup) was decent. There isn't much to the dish, but wished the noodles were not as overcooked. The banh canh is desirable when you have a nice al dente bite everytime.
All in all, good comfort food for me.The first banh mi that I ever had was here and it was delicious. Yummy bread and chargrilled pork. The sauce is outstanding. It's done in minutes and the price is wonderful!!!I feel ashamed that I've lived in this neighborhood most of my life and have never checked out this gem! I remedied that today when I got the vietnamese hoagie. I had the beef one and it was incredible-- fresh, filling, and spicy! I think they pay have raised the price past $3 b/c I paid 4.50. The menu still lists the old price.I came here for a late lunch absolutely HANGRY because I hadn't eaten since early morning, and the Google Maps decided it couldn't find this place (*more on that below).   So I was tempted to judge this place unfairly. I'm very that lucky Cafe Saigon didn't let me do that because they are AWESOME. 
My boyfriend and I ordered fried spring rolls, wonton soup w/ egg noodles, pork vermicelli soup noodles, beef w/ flat fried noodles, and a rainbow drink. All were freakin delicious, and I especially appreciated that they did not skimp on the (very good) cuts of meat.
Service was great!  They overcharged my rainbow drink by a dollar but we resolved the issue. 
*BEWARE: Typing in the address into Google Maps or something similar may bring you to the middle of an intersection. Keep going down on Roosevelt until you see the KFC. It will be in that shopping center.
The only thing seriously wrong with this place is that there isn't a location in Baltimore, MD!The only reason I didn't give the 5 star is the place is not the cleanest place out there, it gets very busy, so they really do a poor job on cleaning the table, floor, or their sauce trays. Put these aside, the food is very delicious, they don't have traditional pho, but is specializing on all kinds of specialized noodle soups, such as beef, seafood, chicken, shrimps, or Bon Bo Hue. If you are in the mood for viet rice plates, they got it down also. They also serve viet sanwiches, and other little side dishes for dine in or take out, and bubble drinks. CASH ONLY of course, if you don't mind the mess, def come :)I remember coming here to get some banh mi a few years back while stopping by to get some pho next door (pho 75).  It was ok, nothing to write home about so I started going to the nam vang restaurant to get my banh mi fix.  But something changed over the years, I felt nam vang was skimping on the fillings a bit and the pate wasn't as flavorful.  So, based on the recent reviews, I tried Cafe Saigon and I am happy to say that the sandwich is as good as I remember the first banh mi sandwich I tasted!  Needless to say I was not disappointed.  Even though it's a few more minutes up the road, it's well worth it.  It's even a quarter cheaper than nam vang!  It adds up when you buy 6 at a time.  :)The banh mi here became my favorite in the area when Viet Kitchen's took a turn for the worse sometime in mid-2010 (a place I had previously given a 5-star review to) and when Cafe Nhu Quynh started running out of hoagie rolls by noon. There was Cafe Saigon, still churning out delicious pork banh mi for only $3 or "BBQ pork" for $3.50. My fondness slowly grew for the speedy if not a bit unfriendly service. I began ordering one of each type so that I could eat half and half for lunch, then again for dinner. Please hide your judgment. I really love these sandwiches.
They don't carry grass jelly drinks here, but we can't all be perfect.My wife and I come here once a week when we don't feel like cooking. The food is good and consistent. The service is speedy quick. 
This is definitely one of my go to places to eat.  But on the weekend this place will get very crowded. You may have to do a little waiting. 
For a quick bite on the go I normally oder the Vietnamese hoagie and iced coffee. I have tried the grill pork hoagies but it was a little too  fatty and greasy.
When I'm not in a hurry and have time to dine in I would usually oder the stir pan fried rice noodle with beef or crispy egg noodles with seafood or egg noodle wonton soup with roast pork or the grill pork chop with rice.
But what ever I choose, it usually comes out good.!!!Probably the BEST banh mi (Vietnamese Hoagie) in Philly... maybe the east coast.   Yes, I have eaten decent banh mi in other places around Philly, Boston, Toronto and DC/VA, but this place is better.  Seriously. 
Our family has been coming here  for a long time, since I was in high school... and without giving away my age, that was more than 10 years ago ;)     OK the location is not the best (this area is shady and has gotten worse over the years) and the place is a hole in the wall.   I always get takeout, it's an easy enough drive from my parent's place in the burbs.  
Recommend:  Banh Mi Thit Noung (bbq pork) with extra hot peppers.  (See Dave H.'s photo)Had a great experience here, my Vietnamese sister in law recommended it. It's a spicy noodle soup hu tieu xa te, good for the soulFour stars for what this place is known for: it's Vietnamese hoagies (a Philadelphian term for sandwiches), esp the BBQ pork and it's BBQ pork rice plate. I can't say the same for the rest, but why would you want to eat something else when you should come here for what the restaurant is known for? Stick with what they do best.
It's a mom and pop shop, cash only. For 3.5 dollars you can get yourself a Vietnamese hoagie, add 50 cents more it's a BBQ pork. I'm not a huge pork fan, I cried reading Charlotte's Web, and I like Piglet. However, when I walk by this place, I apologetically give into the smell of the BBQ pork hoagie and have a go at it, only to ask for forgiveness later on.
If going for the porker is your thing, this place is definitely worth a go if you are in this area. If you are around here and also crave for soup after your sandwich, you're in luck - Pho 75 is right next door, their service is fast and it's very clean.It took me awhile to find the place.  My GPS kept sending me in circles, and it was very difficult to find; however, I've only been in Philly for a few weeks.  I'm sure if you're a native, it probably wouldn't have been difficult.  
I came in on a Friday morning around 9 AM.  There was one other patron in the restaurant, but otherwise, it was empty.  I got the phnom penh rice noodle soup, cut up chinese donuts, and an iced condensed milk coffee. 
Food came out after about 5 minutes.  The food was hot, really delicious, and there was lots of it!  I'm usually one to add condiments to my soup, but the broth here was so yummy, I ate it just as is.  FYI, for the hoisin fans out there, they didn't have it at any of tables so don't ask, just go with it.  Also, there may or may not be MSG.  Drink lots of water.  
I was in here for about 40 minutes.  I noticed that while I was there, they had a steady stream of to go customers.  It was pretty much non-stop, which is quite impressive for a Friday morning.  The employees were really friendly and since the food was so tasty, I'm not surprised.  
I probably won't be back for awhile because it's kind of out of the way for me.  If I lived closer, I'd probably be there at least twice a month.  Plenty of parking, no fuss, good food, quiet.  Perfect place to enjoy breakfast alone.  It wouldn't be a bad idea to bring a newspaper or magazine.  
Credit card: Major Credit Cards, $15 minimum 
Parking: Free Lot
Location: Strip Mall
Purchased: Phnom Penh Rice Noodle Soup, Chinese Donut, Iced Condensed Milk Coffee
Total: $ 11.00+Hands down. My favorite Vietnamese spot in the northeast and my favorite place to get a viet hoagie ever. Being Vietnamese and growing up in a cultural household, I can vouch that their food is authentic and well prepared.It doesn't get better than the $3 banh mi sandwiches here.  Cash only.  The bread is always perfectly soft and crusty and the pork is flavorful and deliciously complemented by the crunchy, sweet, and tart pickled shredded radish and carrot.  They don't skimp on the meat portion, either.  Grabbed a few today for the family to have for lunch on my way to the supermarket.  And yes, they are still good the next day.  It's a tiny little place but the food is great and the prices almost unheard of.  I have been coming here with the family since I was 12 (yeah, this review is very overdue) and this was actually my first introduction to the world of Vietnamese fast food.  They have always been great about answering my beginner questions and making recs.Their banh mi are the best I've had in Philadelphia. They're made fresh every time and I always get at least two (one for now and one for later). They balance all of the ingredients perfectly. $3 for a satisfied belly is fine with me!
Unfortunately since I graduated, I now live too far to justify coming all the way here for just a hoagie. The service is fast and moderately chilly (not exactly what I'd call friendly but not rude). You can sit down and eat, but I haven't tried anything else of theirs yet.The food here is pretty good. I like the laid-back feeling and nice people. Unfortunately, it is next to Pho 75 which is a better restaurant. I always end up going there instead of here for lunch. However, this place is still good.It's the best. Full menu. Vietnamese hoagies. Spring rolls. Great for takeout or eat in.This has been our go to spot when going to lunch! iT's your typical vietnamese restaurant with pho, noodle dishes and banh mi. My favorite is the #42, which is a cold noodle bowl with roast pork, pickled pork, bbq pork, a crispy sring roll and pickled veggies. it's literally everything I'd put in a noodle bowl if i had the choice. And for $8.50. you just can't beat it!3 bucks. Amazing summer rolls. Ready made and waiting on the counter for me. Super fresh. Big shrimp. Made my day.If you want quality, authentic Vietnamese banh mi...GO HERE.
I've been going to Cafe Saigon for banh mi since I was a little girl. There is no other place in Philadelphia that has banh mi thit nguoi like Cafe Saigon. I've tried plenty of banh mi places in Philadelphia, including the famous Fu-Wah Market, and I still end up going back to Cafe Saigon. 
The quality is top notch and every is made fresh right in front of you. The baguette is absolutely to die for and the pate & mayo they used are the perfect. 
The store itself is kinda of small and old-looking, but it's pretty clean. If you ever happen to sit down and order from the menu, you won't regret that either. The food they prepare is incredibly fresh and it comes out moderately fast. 
So, if you're short on time and what something satisfying, delicious, and cheap...and PERFECT banh mi - Cafe Saigon is my #1 place.I thoroughly enjoyed the different kinds if Banh Mi. The beef version was better than the cheesesteak joints around the area.food good. staff rude. i asked questions and she refused to answer them because I was asking too may. price is right and so are portions.I've been eating here for at least 10 years and never been disappointed.  I guess I'm there at least 1-2 times a month for eating there and another 1-2 times for take out.
Hoagie best in the city including 12th & Washington Sts in Phila.
Wish I could read the "specials" and try them.
Soups have "real" flavor, not the artificial store bought "base" taste.
Food served quickly.Love this spot. Feels like vietnam when you walk in. The usual is the porkchop platter with rice or the viet hoagies!I've recently gotten into Vietnamese food and decided to give this place a try. I cant say that this place is better then any other as this was my first time going non pho which right next door Pho75 has the BEST pho i have ever tasted in my short career eating Vietnamese food. 
I would like to say that the woman that helped me was very helpful as I asked questions. She was very patient with me and a pleasure to speak with. I ordered the #2 BBQ pork hoagie without the cucumber. FANTASTIC!!! only $4 too. I also wanted to try something  else so I ordered the #20 Roast pork egg noodle soup. I'm in love. 
No need to think twice, just go. I'm looking forward to trying more from this place.If your gps misdirects you try 773 Adams.  It's right near the KFC.
I picked up 3 Banh Mi with BBQ Pork while visiting Philly on business.  Pretty good stuff but compared to Saigon Sandwich in San Francisco is just ok but passable in a pinch.Today I decided to stop in here to grab an ice coffee and a Vietnamese hoagie. I been coming here since I was a little girl. As I drove away, I drank my ice coffee. It was disguising, it was super sweet. The coffee taste like a day old coffee. So when I got home, I decided to call them to let them know. I spoke to the gentleman on the phone who said he was the manager. I explain to him that the ice coffee was bad. He told me that the coffee is the same everyday. He said for me to go somewhere else then! Well, I will take his word and go some place else. I drive one hour to come here to get Vietnamese Hoagies and ice coffee, well NOT anymore!!!I wasn't blown away by this place, but then I didn't get the infamous char-grilled pork sandwich. The food is good especially for the price. i will definitely hit it up again when I am in the area to give more of their menu a try.I've been coming to Cafe Saigon for banh mi for about forever and day & I can always count on it being warm and tasty. 
I've tried a lot of other viet hoagie places, spanning from philly to new york, even all the way up to montreal and nothing has beat Cafe Saigon's banh mi!
They're relatively cheap, 3 bucks for a regular hoagie, though I can remember when it used to be $2.50! But hey, the economy's rough!
Not many bad things to say about this place- the wait isn't terrible, even if you or someone in front of you has a large order. All in all, a delicious treat!Best BBQ pork banh mi and Vietnamese coffee in Philly. Your $5 meal right there.
(The broken rice dishes are good as well.)I LOVE their banh mi's here! Better than the other places I've tried, and growing up in a Chinese-Viet family, I've tried a lot. The hoagie isn't the only good thing there though, I've been there since childhood probably on at least 5 different occasions. Their beef tendon soup (in tomato sauce) is pretty good, but kind of lacking veggies. Their curry is fantastic too, but not too good of an item on the dieter's list. I can go on and on, but I really gotta say, their bun thit nuong is the BEST I have ever tasted, ever. Though my complaint is that the bathrooms aren't the most well kept..This is pretty far away though, so I don't go here often anymore.
Best part, my aunt's the lady that makes the Viet hoagies =)
(I'm not biased)Cafe Saigon is one of my favorite finds.  I used to regularly visit the Pho 75 in that shopping center, until I tried my first banh mi (at Cafe Viet Huong on Washington Ave, still my #1).   I had always been curious about the place next door - one day, Dad in tow, I barged in and ordered me some hoagies, and I've been going back regularly ever since.
The huge menu both delights and mystifies me.  Pretty much anything I've ordered has been tasty - from rice plates to noodle bowls to soups to a bangin' stir fry of wide flat noodles (ho fun?) with seafood, and of course the banh mi are both cheap and tasty (although as previously mentioned, a step below Viet Huong's in my book).    Servers are friendly too.  
It ain't fine dining, but it's one of my favorite places to swing by for a cheap and tasty dinner.  Highly recommended.After dropping by earlier this month, mister and I realized that this place was under new management. Not a single familiar face was to be found behind the counter. The food shouldn't be affected, right? They wouldn't replace the chefs!
I ordered my usual banh mi thit nguoi and was very disappointed as I opened it up. Instead of thin, layered slices of Vietnamese deli meat, I found four 1cm-thick pieces. To be honest, the sandwich just seemed like it was made in a half-assed manner. The flavoring just wasn't the same. And yes, they replaced the chefs.
This USED to be my to go spot for banh mi thit nguoi. Oh, Cafe Saigon... you are not the same anymore. We miss the old you. I don't know where else to go... I'm sad.Fast, casual & authentic Vietnamese food.
If you're not craving pho, come to this place. Everything they offer is pretty good. Broken rice, vermicelli, banh mi, other noodle soups, bo kho, etc are all outstanding. This small, tucked-in-a-corner of a place of Adam's Plaza has been a staple to the community for over 10 years. What makes this a gem are the prices and the unbeatable consistent taste throughout the years. 
Dont miss: the banh mi - regular or charbroiled pork. The best banh mi in the city, next to Cafe Cuong & Nhuy of South Philly.
I wish: Cafe Saigon was bigger (believe it or not, they expanded before) and laid out differently. They do a significant amount of take-out business and they tend to encroach into your table.I've never really tried any of their eat-in foods. The main reason why I would go to this place for is their hoagies. Definately one of the best if not already the best vietnamese hoagies out there!Cafe Saigon is my go to for banh mi in Northeast Philly. I've been coming here since I was a kid & nothing about this place has changed-- and thats a good thing! The bread is soft and always perfectly toasted and all the ingredients they use are super fresh. At $3.50 a sandwich, the price can't be beat. $4 will get you a BBQ pork hoagie, which is my boyfriend's go to. I also love their broken rice platters and banh cuon. And get their iced coffee with condensed milk, it's the best! This place draws a huge lunch crowd but I almost always do take out and they're super quick with that.Best vietnamese hoagie outside of down town . Plenty of meat , fresh veggie , tasty vietnamese mayo and  bread is soft on the inside , but yet crispy  on the outside .Call ahead and order for pick up is the way to roll . Cash only .One of the best  banh mi in philly!! $4 for one, drinks are good too (Bubble tea, salted lemonade)Was craving summer rolls and didn't want to drive to Center City so I stopped in after reading the reviews.  Glad I did!!  The summer rolls were good and I also tried the pork banh mi. It was very tasty and fresh.  Staff was friendly and I will definitely go back!!Got the ice coffee from here and it's really good. What sucks about this is that 50-60% is ice. Otherwise it's pretty legit!Bahn mi was KILLER! Super tasty BBQ pork, with all the proper fixings, and the roll was JUST toasted enough. Brisket was pretty tough in the Brisket / Lemongrass soup, but besides Jews and Texas rednecks, nobody makes tender brisket. Broth had my nose running like a faucet by the end (a good thing.)Love this place! The best local Vietnamese restaurant in the neighborhood. The food here never disappoints. It's cheap, tasty and super fast service. Been coming here forever and the quality in their food has never changed. If you are looking for tasty Vietnamese food this is the place to be. My favorite is super authentic dish call bun mum. It's super tasty and I love it.This place is SOOO good.  Like Dave H. says, the Banh Mi is the BEST in Philly.  But everything is good here.  Their coffee, there soups!  My parents favorite is the vegetarian chow mien, It's just crispy enough without being greasy, and the sauce just satisfies the palate.  With a Vietnamese meal, the most important part of it is their nouc mam, which is the sauce that goes with almost everything.  If the nouc mam is not good, NOTHING they make can possibly be good.  And Cafe Saigon definitely hits the nouc mam on the head. ** if hitting nouc mam on the head is possible **  =)  Look past the crazy neighborhood, and the cheap decorations.  Try this place out folks.I've been here many time for the take out BBQ Pork Banh Mi & also for the delicious summer shrimp wraps. Everything is fresh & crisp and tasty. Absolutely delicious!!Had their Bahn Mi with BBQ pork. I thought the pork was a bit fatty (as some of the other folks had said). It may be due to using lower-grade meat? Not sure. I don't really mind it but it definitely tasted cheap. I still prefer Cafe Viet Huong on 11th ave since their Bahn mi (also around $3) is just as good (if not better) and a lot more accessible for me (who live in CC) than Cafe Saigon.This is my comfort home away from home spot. When I'm in the mood to just be myself and enjoy a peaceful, easy, delicious meal, I'm here. Saigon is the original authentic Vietnamese restaurant before all the other establishments ever existed. One thing that you will definitely notice here is that the food comes out fast! I mean, this gives fast food a run for their money, and it's all gourmet home cooking!
Just about everything is good. Their banh mi is fresh every morning and their soup noodles are full of flavors. The highlight here however, is their "bo luc lac". Unlike most places where the beef is pan fry in the sauce, here, it seems like the sauce is coated around the beef, almost like a candied glaze. Get like 2 orders of this and just eat away, it's better than any five star steak house I've tried. Yes! It's that good! 
Another recommendation would be their "banh bot chien", which is pan fry rice cake with eggs and served with sweet soy and Vietnamese pickles. Originally a fusion dish from Chinatown in Vietnam, it has become one of the stables of Vietnamese's cuisine. The seasoned rice cake is pan fried to a golden crust before eggs are put in. Saigon is one of the few Vietnamese restaurants that serve this, so make sure you get them when you're here. There's maybe like 3 places in Philly that even offer this menu item.
The only dish I have complaints with is their "mi xao gion", which is crispy noodles with gravy on top. Their sauce is very light and flavorless. So if you're here for the first time and you hear all this great reviews, don't start with this dish. Considering the huge menu they have and this is the only dish with issues, I'd say this spot is pretty awesome. Come in and try everything here, chances are you'll love it all and then some :).I have the enemy sandwich which was on point, one of the best I've had in my life. It came out superquick. I would certainly come here again. Wish I lived close to this restaurant. I also had the three color dessert which was excellent. The staff was also nice enough to put in Ice for me and to prepare well. Frequented by locals,  Mostly Vietnamese clientele.
Next time I will try the other dishes. Kind a wish I bought more than just two sandwiches. The prices is also not expensive at all. About three dollars for sandwich.
The bread is also crucial to Academy sandwich and it was just right, crunchy on the outside and very soft on the insideThis is the best Viet place to go! People are real nice and food is real real good, prices are so worth it!!  Option 1 without doubting, even I live in like 20 mins away.Yum this is my favorite banh mi (vietnamese sandwich) ever! Yes-- finally Philly wins again vs. California/Vietnam (other time being Pho Ga). Wow incredibly blown away by the small but incredible Vietnamese food scene here.
BBQ Pork (thit nuong) Sandwich is a must try! Perfectly balanced with fresh veggies/pickles/smokey yummy pork and incredibly fresh. I choose these over cheesesteaks any day =x 
I just wish it wasn't so out of the way from where I am. It was very heartbreaking that one time when they sold out of sandwiches after I waited in 1+hour traffic arriving at 4:45pm. My GPS/map app was doing something really weird and kept putting me in the wrong place, too. I would advise to map to Pho 75 if your GPS does the same thing. Cash preferred otherwise you pay a credit card fee.Probably the best Vietnamese restaurant I've ever been to. I go here about 3 times a week. If I sit and eat I drink like 3 orders of their viet iced coffee. I'm telling you, COME TRY THIS PLACE. Food is great. The only thing is the shopping center looks run down but that's philly for ya.