Not a fan of Cafe Soho. 
There are flies buzzing around your head the entire meal. 
The bowls and cups need to be updated. It's just cheap stuff. The double fried chicken was all skin. Talk about overrated. 
I will not be going back.Came here the other day with my cousin.. we came right at opening (3PM) and were the first ones there. I've never been here before and have been acticipating to come for the longest!! The food took a little longer than j expected. .esp because we were the only people there. But I'm sure it's bc the chicen is cooked to perfection.  We only ordered the Soy chicken bc the spicy would've been tooo spicy. But the soy was delicious! ! Super crunchy awesomeness in one little bite. We wanted to order the pineapple soju but it was too large to share with only 2 people.  Maybe next time! The decor is cute as well. It's a must try, but if you come on a busy evening, I'm sure the wait will be a lot longer than normal.Oh bon chon chicken, why are you so good. Why why why. And why do you have to come in 20-piece servings. Why not four, or five, maybe even six, so I can exercise some portion control? I mean...of course I'll order 20 pieces, if that's all you have. It is not my fault I only came with one person and we now have to eat 10 wings a piece. Right?
The chicken here is perfect - spicy (if you like it that way), crispy, juicy and delicious. Love the radishes, too. Come hungry.I love coming here for some bomb Korean chicken but my last visit here the food took way to long to be made, especially when its only one order of half and half. Could use a better cook staff and not make me wait almost 50mins for only an order of chicken.Best Korean bbq wings in town. Atmosphere is pretty cool too. Prefer the soy wings out of all the flavors and enjoyed the bubble tea. Kind of pricey thoughHeard all good reviews about the place,  and gorgeous food selections with the exception we were interested.  I came along with a group of 15 people including some kids. It was a Saturday night around 8pm. At first sight it was a beautifially designed restaurant with neon lights to attract attention to customers with lounge area like sitting through upper level and regular restaurant seating on the lower level. Steady night it seemed with plenty of seating availability.  As we were being settled in at first glance,  the menu was done very well with lots of pictures to embrace the food selections. Everything was going well until 5 minutes in service before we could order anything,  the manager of some sort dropped a bomb shell on us that just left us with a very sour note. He came in asking if we're expecting any more people?  We answered no. Also mind u, they dont accept reservations.  On that note, he asked us if we can combine two tables with our group? Now mind u, the tables fit 2 -3 people per table. To have enough space for maneuverability.  So it would be 6-7 people he wanted together at one table. The reason behind the confusion,  he said he is expecting a bigger party which hasn't arrived yet!  Wtf?? So on first thought we said wtf? Our business isnt good enough for our group that we have to accommodate for others that hasn't arrived?  Again there were plenty of seating available. So we all discussed how rude and inconsiderate thst was that it was very disappointing that to have brought to our attention. So we decided to leave overall and take our business elsewhere which wanted our business down the street at tofu house which was a lot busier but also still accepted us no problem besides the wait time of 10 minutes.  If you ever go to cafe soho.  ORDER TAKE OUT ONLY! HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!Best wings ever!  Bonchon is 10 minutes away from me but I still rather drive 40 min for soho. I always get the garlic soy and spicy. The spicy is SPICY. Wished they could do a spicy garlic soy that's half as spicy as the regular spicy. 
Wished they would have a center city or Chinatown locationThis is some of the best Korean Fried Chicken I have ever had. Perfect in every way. The energy and ambiance in the restaurant is unique and fun. This place is a gem.This place is a gem and totally worth the 45-minute drive from South Philly. They almost exclusively do twice-fried Korean-style wings, but there are a few other items on the menu if you have a friend who's just not that into wings (what!). The wings are fried perfectly (super crispy skin and tender meat). The soy garlic sauce wings are unbelievable; spicy sauce is great, too (be sure to ask for some radishes on the side). Love the fruit + soju drinks (watermelon and lemon are the best). The servers are really sweet and have great food/drink recommendations. Did I mention the K-Pop music videos? They're everywhere; it's magical.The wait is long which is fine but our order was wrong. We wanted boneless chicken wings and got the ones with wings instead. They said it'd be at least a 20 min wait and though we were very hungry we waited. When we got our boneless chicken it was like just eating the dried skin! There was no meat in these.. it was very hard to chew and I was still hungry after. After I told the waiter all we got was an apology. No discount or anything, which is what we would do where I work.I love the chicken here!! I tend to get the soy garlic and the sweet chili! It is so crispy and good!! It is a drive for me to get here, but it is worth it! Definitely one of my favorite spots to get Korean chicken!!Nice atmosphere, watermelon Soju is Mmm good! I come here once in awhile for my craving of the well known Soho wings. I love the soy and enjoy a spicy one here and there. Only downfall is the wing size has gotten smaller and it isn't cheap. Kimchi fried rice is good but small portion. Service is okay but food is slow coming out even on days not so busy:Best Korean fried chicken wings in philly. Love the soy garlic. Spicy is way too spicy for me. But I heard it's tasty. Love getting the shaved ice in the summe!I love bonchon so I was excited to come here and try the korean fried chicken. We came here Saturday afternoon for lunch, it was not busy at all. We got two Large orders of fried chicken. One of the orders was half spicy and half special chicken. The other order was soy chicken. It took around 20 min for the food to come out, which is expected at korean fried chicken places.
The spicy wings are super spicy, my mouth was on fire. The special chicken was like kind of sweet tasting, not a fan. The best flavor, in my opinion, was the soy chicken. It was around 18 wings for $20. The wings had flavor because of the outside skin but once you bit into the meat it was kind of bland and even dry (in some cases). 
Service was friendly and attentive.
Update: So I came back a few other times and the wings are pretty good for Philly! This place is better than bonchon (in Philly) but it is a trek outside the city.I'll always think that Soho has the best chicken in town. Possibly the best that I've had on both coasts. So crunchy and flavorful. I always get extra radish too. The atmosphere is also a lot more fun than other places, nightlife-ish and vibrant. I've been meaning to try the watermelon  soju too. Gotta try that during my next visit!This is the only place in Philly to get great Korean Fried Chicken. The soy garlic is my favorite--it's super crunchy on the outside but still moist on the inside. Don't be angry about the food not coming out fast enough; it takes time to make something this delicious!They have the best Spicy fried chicken ever. Although the music is always really loud.so crispy and crunchy and you shouldn't miss them.  I had tried to find a good Korean friend check and there it is. it hits the spot even it took more than 35 minutes. Btw, be aware that they don't have their own parking lots.Very good wings!
Spicy is no joke.
Customer service is bad tho. Dont allow outside food when its for a baby less than one.Cafe soho is my first Korean chicken experience and it was great, other than the chicken everything else I've tried on the menu has been phenomenal. It's always busy and lively inside with fast and friendly service. The watermelon soju is quite delicious and the sides of radish they give you is quite addicting.Have eaten here for 10 years. Seen different management and the service and food has remained consistent. I come here for their awesome spicy wings. They're known for this. I did try other items on the menu and now know better.Everyone knows about the chicken wings here! So you get a nice little cafe with a limited menu but their known for one thing, the wings. It used to be $20 for 20 wings, now it's $20 for 18. The wings you get there are fair in size but so crispy and crunchy which makes it worth the trip. The service is okay, nothing exceptional. On top of that they have a lot of screens and play a lot of kpop if you're into that genre of music. It would be nice if they had a better selection for the menu or a better quality of service but the wings alone brings them up to a 3/5.Amazing food, a bit understaffed on Friday and Saturday though, this place gets pretty busy then.  Definitely get the soy garlic and hot wings.CRACK CHICKEN!!!
A trip to Cafe Soho is like wonderland. The chicken wings are double-fried, with some kind of crispy, candy glaze that is completely addictive. 
I recommend ordering the half and half...which is half an order of spicy wings and half an order of the sweeter, soy-garlic wings. You get about 18-20 wings in an order...and an order costs $20. It may sound like a lot of money, but it is SOOO worth it. Also, despite the fact the wings are THAT divine...you will not be able to finish an order by itself. Take a friend for this one...they will thank you forever! Take time to enjoy the pickled daikon radish that is served with the wings. It's delicious, crunchy, and it soothes your spiced-out mouth a bit as you enjoy.
I also recommend the ramen with rice cakes. These are not the rice cakes you are thinking about...they are somewhat like little rice pasta sticks. RAMEN, you say? It's some of the best ramen you will ever have, putting your college dorm room to shame. 
The atmosphere is casual, yet attention has been paid to the interior of Cafe Soho to make things feel a bit more upscale. Tres chic. 
Oh yeah one more thing....BLUE MOON ON TAP!!As many of the previous reviewers before me mentioned, the price of the wings are 20 pieces for 20 dollars. The price may seem steep at first, but these are not your typical fried chicken wings. There is something about the texture of the breading and the sauces that makes these wings a step above what you would normally get from a KFC, Popeyes, or Roy Rogers(I miss Roy Rogers) 
One of the good things about the store is that you can order half and half, so u get 10 pieces of one flavor and another 10 of something else. (There are no 1/4, trust me I asked) I had the spicy wings and the "special" ones which tastes kinda like the spicy wings cooked in a sesame chicken sauce, but it was still good. The wings also came with a can of soda and some pickled radishes which is a nice change from the usual mash potatoes or mac 'n'cheese u get from typical fried chicken joints. The best part of the bon chon chicken experience is that it's still good even after a day in the fridge. I pop the leftovers in the microwave for a minute and it's still comes out crunchy.
The only reason I had to deduct a star is because of the wait . From the time I placed the order, it took at least 20 minutes before the wings came out for just one order of 20. And they weren't even busy. If you are craving some Bon Chon, call ahead if you want to save some time.When people ask me about what I love about Philadelphia, this first thing that comes out of my mouth is Cafe Soho. But unlike many similar Korean bar-style dives that I've visited in LA or Chicago, their chicken wings are THE best I've tried so far. The quintessential comfort food that my wife declares as good as it gets.
Perfectly crispy on the outside coated with a savory mix of spice and sweetness. Each order comes with 20 large pieces of chicken wings which you can split the order into two flavors with a side of chilled pickled Korean daikon. The dining area is ample filled with red comfy seating and flatscreens blasting kpop videos. Attentive wait staff (of course speaking Korean helps) Not sure about parking since we found a spot right in front. 
What we ordered:
- 1/2 soysauce and spicy chicken wings ($20) - recommend
- bottled spirits :D
When we went:
- Friday @ 5 PM
Will we returned:
- absolutelyHoly crap! I haven't made a food discovery in years that I got this excited over.  Really good chicken, really good beer, nice atmosphere, easy parking, easy price.  Now I have to do Jen D.'s happy dance when I go there.
Earlier reviews say that there are two flavors of chicken. There's five varieties on the menu now. We tried the spicy and soy sauce varieties. Spicy was just right for me and I'd be happy with a basket of that alone, BUT I got the spicy ass the next day, so be warned.  I took about 30 minutes between ordering and getting our food, so this isn't fast food.  Many people seem to call ahead and take it out.  We found that the basket of 18 wings could probably feed three people. The two of us until we were stuffed and took six wings home in a box.  Thankfully, they are still pretty good the next day.Wait nearly 1 hr only got a milk shake....the waitress is terrible, lazy, took the order wrong for twice.Just want to weigh in on (especially) the discussion about service. I ordered 60 wings (all flavors) as takeout for election night. The guy I spoke to on the phone was very courteous, they called me when my order was ready (I was on my way), and were very pleasant when I picked up. Then, when I forgetfully left my card at the register, one of the waiters came running out after me and down the block to catch me before I got in my car. In all, I dealt with three separate members of their staff, and all of them were great.
As far as the wings go - outstanding. All flavors. And they stayed deliciously crisp even as they got cool. So I'd say I'm a definite fan.Being soho's fan for years even tho my work always ends at late night and it takes around 30 mins to drive from south philly to soho but my priority choice is always soho, not BONCHON which serves similar dishes. 
Sometime on Sunday, I called in at 11:00pm to order pick-up food and received an answer that "kitchen is closed". It's understandable. Then last sunday, I tried to called in before 10:45, the answer was still the same, which is obviously if I were walking  in at that time, I would have my table !!  No choice other than Bonchon, I gave them a try, and yes they still took my order without having any problem. 
Yesterday, I called in to order a large size of chicken with half soy garlic and half sweet chili. When I arrived, i asked the hostess for extra towelettes, since I was gonna share the chickens with my friends, all i received in total is 2. The most disappointed point is that as I got the chicken out of package, the sweet chili wings was ok, but soy garlic wings barely has sauce on it, BARELY, ALMOST NONE!!! I guess they might run out of sauce at that time, but my chicken tasted so gross. Can you image it, that you have double dip fry chicken without any favor ? It almost scratched my throat out tho. I have photo of them to prove that What i am telling in here is true. 
So sorry to say it, but so sorry you've lost one of your big fan and so on if cafe soho doesnt want to fix their problem.The only restaurant in the Philly area I happily drive 45 minutes through thick traffic to get to.  Google maps says it's 22 minutes from center city. That's maybe 47% of the actual travel time. Make no mistake though, these wings are worth the trek. Whether you're part of the 53% or the 47%, prepare for the wing that will leave you never satisfied again at any other wing spot (that's not korean fried chicken).
What makes Soho wings so great? It's spicy, flavorful, crisp (fried twice!), and the wings themselves are huge.  I've heard plenty of people rave about wings and debate about the best place to get them. In the Philly area, that debate is over. You just need to try it and taste for yourself. On a side note, some friends of mine traveled to Korea, tried the fried chicken wings there and said they didn't do it as well as Soho.
The question that perplexes me is: why is there not a Cafe Soho in center city? They did expand to a 2nd location recently. To... wait for it... Blue Bell. Who did the market research and ROI analysis on that one?
My only ask of Soho: set up shop in Chinatown, or University City, or, even Rittenhouse. Stop depriving Philly of 1% chicken wings.What can I say.....the best chicken wings ever! Period. The taste, the crispiness, and finally the service are all so fantastic.
When I make an order, I usually get 10 of the spicy wings and 10 of the sweet wings. Either one is great, but to me, the spicy wings take the trophy. They are so tasty!
The only problem,. and I mean only..., is the price. This, in no way affects my rating, but the wings are $1 each. The minimum order is 20 wings, so that means $20. The "wing" is not the entire wing like at a Chinese restaurant, but just half a wing. That is my only complaint, but when put up against the premium taste these wings carry, I can easily overlook that. Enjoy!If you love crispy korean fried chicken wings this is the place for you. Two sizes: small and large. We always order the large and then split the flavors: 1/2 sweet chili and 1/2 soy garlic or whatever else makes you salivate. Been here often and the wings are always crispy crispy crispy and delicious. Served with pickled radish. If struggling with chicken bones keeps you from enjoying good wings, do not fret: they have a boneless version that is as delicious and served with a ton of green onions (something about asians and our love for green onions haha). They also serve a lot of different dishes: noodles and rice tho I have to say I don't usually pay attention because the wings are too good to pass. I have tried their kimchi fried rice (yummy with an egg and cheese) and an octopus and vermicelli dish (don't remember the name but boy it was good!). The staff is really friendly, the place has large booths and they always play some k-pop music videos on their screens. And if you don't like k-pop they also broadcast whatever game is on. Give it a try! You will be back for more.I read some mixed reviews on yelp about this place and ask seem to target hospitality and every comment was that the chicken here was really good, well I drove over and took the advice of ordering takeout, as my daughter and I devour this food I would say, get the special fried chicken, this may be my favorite chicken place from now on....Food is not bad but their service is really poor. We ordered chickens on the phone for pick-up and we got there on time but food wasnt ready. We had to wait another 20min. there. I dont know if they got busier out of blue but since they couldnt made the time then first of all, they should at least apologize it and explain why it gets slow. 
They didnt even say anything and we just had to wait and wait and we see a lot of ppl waiting too and they look mad as well but I see other chickens ready to be picked up by someone. If I were a manager, I would give them to someone whoever comes first. Thats really inefficient way.Food is awesome (and overpriced) but the service kinda sucks. I've been going here for about 2 years and it's always either waiting forever for our wings or the waiter/waitress not being too friendly when serving us.
Don't get me wrong, I come here very often because they have the best fried wings but it has changed. You also don't get as many wings as before (instead of 20 wings, you only get 18) and the other food is ridiculously overpriced for the portion. 
Either way, I still come here despite the negative because their wings are fantastic.Only thing good it the wings, everything else is so-so including service. Good place for a date and some drinks. Only one restroom.Best chicken in the country yes I said its the best. I love how the chicken takes awhile to cook because I know it is made to order and is fresh not frozen. I love the seasonings they put on the chicken. The best chicken flavor is the soy chicken I highly recommend it. The customer service is great. They check on you, and make sure you're having a great time. And they tell you when your order is gonna be done.It had gotten pretty bad. I liked it when I visited last year. When I ordered, they must have given us a day old chicken. Tasted bad. Don't go here. Try it make it at home.I've been coming here for 5 years now & only go there for the wings!!! They are amazing... super crispy and flavorful... however the last time i ordered i found a huge straight hair fried into the wing... i was disappointed nonetheless but i will probably give them another try.Pros: The wings are great (we had the soy sauce and spicy wings), but the taste can get a bit tiresome after about 10 wings. Nice chairs and tables.
Cons: Service was slow and mediocre (nothing was brought to us without us asking for it); a bit expensive; parking not terribly convenient (just street parking).
I won't come back often, but I must say that the wings are very unique.The wings are very good. I'd come back in a heartbeat. But just to be mindful it takes half an hour for the wings to come out because they deep fry them twice to get extra crunchy. So just order apps too and sit back, relax until the wings are ready.BELIEVE THE HYPE.
Crunchy, sweet, tangy, finger-licking good. Breaded and then double-fried, these wings pack a punch in crispiness and flavor (soy or house special sauce). I am a sucker for good wings and these would be up there on my list. I don't even know how to describe them, it just umami goodness every bite. Don't listen to me, try it yourself.
Wings got smaller over time though. I find it harder and harder to pay $20 for 20 small wings. I got to learn how to make these at home.Haven't been here in years. This is the spot for Korean wings! Love how they have a variety of Korean food from dumplings, fried rice, chicken cutlets, and Kimbap. Wings do take at least 30 mins to come out as expected. Our party ordered the soy garlic and spicy wings. We were not disappointed. Spicy wings were not even that spicy. They have great drink specials from beers, soju and shakes. 
There is plenty of seating for large parties. Highly recommend this place if you want some wings and good drink specials. Parking is located in the shopping center in the back or street parking in the front. Expect a long wait on the weekends.Go here, now.
It's kinda out of the way and the service is pleasant but slow.  However, the chicken is crazy!  If you haven't had Korean fried chicken before, it's not like  anything you've tasted.  I love southern fried chicken and I love wings, this is something different from those.  It is super crispy, sweet soy sauce glaze is very addicting.  Side of fries, pitcher of beer, goodnight.
Not the cheapest chicken, in fact it's a little pricey for 'wings'... but so worth it.The first time I ever had Korean fried chicken was from this place and I'm so glad I did. I've only had KFC from two other places, but this place blows them out of the game!! 
I've had boom boom chicken in NJ and 99 Chicken from San Jose, CA. 
The thing about this place that blows them out is the taste of their chicken. Their chicken is well marinated and cooked nicely. It's not too dry or too moist. The wings and drums are a decent size and not too small like some places. 
Boom booms chicken was actually small and there was legit mostly skin and not enough meat. 99's wings are HUGE!! It's like chicken on steroids... so they beat Cafe Soho on that except their chicken's marinades don't taste as good as CS. 
I always get the soy and the spicy. Some days the spicy is REALLY spicy so beware of that. The soy is always good! Sometimes I like it more than the spicy but the spicy is so good.
It's $21 for a large which comes with 20 wings/drums. Not too bad.This is the place for Korean chicken!!
I tried Spicy chicken wing in the first time, too spicy for me who cannot handle spicy well.
So I brought my friend few days later, this time I tried soy sauce style!! love it :)
Seasoned chicken also nice, spicy, but less than the regular spicy one.
Strawberry smoothy was awesome. Cheers!!I love their korean fried chicken here, similar to Bonchon but I like their soy garlic better here and wings are bigger.  I got the large and got half soy and half spicy.  The spicy was pretty good but I like the soy garlic better.  The only negative is it took 40 minutes for the food to come out and service is a little slow.  The fried dumplings were also pretty good.  Good place to come to drink and eat some fried chicken.another of my favorite hangout for good soju and korean food, this is where i started my love with korean fried chicken! They were burned down once back in 2008 and think they changed ownership after that, the fried chicken wasn't as good after that but still yummmmmy.The service  here was so bad i just made this account just so i can review it.  First of all,  the waiters and waitresses seems like they have no idea what theyre doing.  Me and my brother waited 40 minutes  just to get our food.  And even then,  we had to ASK them where our food was for them to finally bring it out.  And when we decided that we wanted another batch of chicken to go,  that was another 30 mins  until they asked us "why are you guys still here?"  and so i told them we were waiting for our order to go.  On top of everything they gave us water but no ice?  We ordered spicy wings but they couldnt even give us any ice? And when the waiter came back around to supposedly refill our pitcher,  he just took it and never came back even when he said he would.  Overall very horrible service.  The only chance of me ever coming back there is for the damn good chicken which was the only thing they did right.FINALLY! I got to try the most infamous Bon Chon chicken in probably all of Philadelphia.. It's a trek out here to the northeast, thus the excuse of why it took so long for me to get here. Once here though, I see why it is all the rave. It definitely is an "experience" for those who are not familiar with the Korean/Asian culture of food, drinks, and K/J-Pop (asian-pop-music). 
The decor was trendy and asian-hip, as you would expect of a modernized korean restaurant. We were greeted by a 6-7 ft. towering korean manikin bowing to us at the entrance, and the music videos were blaring in the restaurant, interesting and exasperating all at once. I personally thought it was a bit loud for dinner time, but might've been more acceptable towards 1-2 AM when the drunkards are stumbling in trying to get their fried chicken on. However, I will say that this is excusable since this is how actual Korean/Asian places in Asia will run their restaurants. It kind of brought me back to the days I studied in Taiwan.
As for the food and drinks - we got a pineapple soju, which unexpectedly was served from an open pineapple shell. I thought that was pretty cool. I guess other Korean places do this as well, but I was just expecting soju out of a bottle. We ordered wings with 3 different types of sauces- the spicy, house, and soy garlic. They were all delicious and I won't say any one was better than the other. The way they fried the chicken is definitely what distinguishes the place. Asian fried chicken is definitely better than American style fried chicken, and this will exceed anyone's expectations. However, as I am writing this review, I can still taste a bit of the lingering sodium that's making my mouth kind of dry and thirsty.I ordered wings and the sauce was tasty. I would recommend soy garlic or their special option.This place has downgraded. Service is getting worst too. They use to have the $20 for 20 pieces but now 18 pieces. Are they trying to be stingy? It was funny how they don't service paying customers if they don't order wings. I don't know if others have noticed but their wings seems to have downgraded too. It wasn't as good as it was before. But worst of all, they charge customers tips without permission even though we didn't have 6 people that night. I don't think it's even legal. Either way, I don't think I would want to go back there again. I went out of my way just to drive up there and I don't expect to be treating like an idiot.It's not Bon Chon anymore. It's still Korean fried chicken but they no longer use the Bon Chon name. It's now called Soho Chicken. And there is a difference in quality from a couple of years ago. Maybe different cooks? Before, every piece of chicken in the $20 box was perfect and crunchy and crispy and tender but nowadays it seems as if some of the pieces are overcooked, smaller, not as tender etc..
Maybe another place will open up giving them some competition and upping the quality back to what iI ordered the soy wings and spicy, kimchi and the watermelon soju.  Wings are flavorful and fried to perfection.  Staff suggested adding a side of pickled radish to help reduce the spice from wings.  The kimchi was rather tasty and the soju is served in an actual watermelon.  Booths are large and spacious and staff is very friendly.The fried wings are great and the center-piece of this restaurant.  I love the spicy (it's spicy) and the soy wings.  It's definitely worth trying and if you go, you'll see why this place is pretty popular on the weekends.
However, at $20 for 20 wings, its definitely not a bargain.  Considering each of those wings are really a half wing, its $20 for 10 wings (no fries or anything).  
And, its a small dining area, so seating can be an issue if they are somewhat busy.  They are very strict about where you can sit.  Do not ask for a booth if you have 6 people, you will have to call a friend and hit the "7" quota, before they seat you. lol
And, the bar is probably the biggest let-down of the restaurant.  The drinks are pricey and the bartender doesn't know many drinks.  I paid $11 for the most watered down Long Island of my life. 
I wouldn't go for the non-wing items, a lot of those dishes are light on the meat.  And there are NO appetizers on the menu, so it forces you to order other things that you can get in Chinatown, more delicious and much cheaper.  
3 stars because the wings are very good, worth coming every now and then, and the ambiance is sporty and modern.  Otherwise, I would go somewhere else for a better value or get an easy Korean fried wings recipe and do it at home!I've been to cafe soho many times in the past and just recently went last week. This place has gotten really filthy. The floors were dirty and I saw a small roach beneath my table that crawled up the booth. And the service was really bad. The kids working were not paying attention but instead eating in the corner booth. I don't know what happened to this establishment and I'm sad that its been neglected.Always craving korean wings and Cafe Soho is the solution. Went here a couple times but this time the quality of the wings went down. Before the wings were bigger and now its slightly smaller and over fried. The flavor is still good but not as spicy as before which I don't mind. The rice cake with dumplings and cheese was amazing. Would order that again. The seafood pancake was good too. One thing was the service, seems only one waitress was really working while others were just standing around.Perfection...that simple.
Our party of 5 had a seafood pancake (delicious!), an order of rice cakes with seafood (delicious!), a large order of spicy wings & a small order of fried seasoned wings (perfection!). It is hard to describe how fabulous those wings were...extra crunchy, seasoned just right and spicy!!!  Be sure to get the pickled radish to accompany the wings. We stuffed ourselves!!
Do not miss Cafe Soho! I've never had such delicious wings & the other Korean offerings were spot on! Also, be sure to check out the restroom doors that leave no chance someone will confuse the men's room from the ladies'.
GO THERE...NOW!HEY LoOk HERE!!
I'll make it very easy for you.  GO HERE LIKE YESTERDAY!  This place has the best Bon Chun Chicken (really good wings) ever. I hope I spelled that right.  Just go right now seriously.. please go.. right now...KOREA!!! check out Crown J; Korean Hop Hopper. I think he is good.I simply don't understand the hype. The wings are super crispy and mostly just chicken skin. The sauce was really sweet.
They are expensive for the quality! $22 for 18 wings with barely any meat.
The ambiance was a tacky modern and the music was very loud hip hop. I think the place has an identity crisis. It thinks it's a club!Best place to try to hit on pregnant married ladies and act confused when they decline.  Excellent chicken.  Not the best place for Secret Trip though.We ordered Mango & Peach smoothie, and it was pretty bad. It didn't taste like either mango or peach, but it tasted like orange juice. The only good side is that the service was fast.I am only changing my review because the wings have gotten smaller and are not as big as they used to be plus they could have better service.  That was one of the distinguishing elements that made me coming back for more, even though it was a $1 per wing.  The service sometimes can be questionable also, my friends and I came on a Sunday just to have some dessert of korean shaved ice (patbingsoo), there were i think 12 of us and they said that they had a $5 min for each person and that the next we do this they wouldnt serve us, which is ridiculous. Some of my friends said they arent going back, but i do crave the wings so i go from time to timeSoy Sauce Korean Fried Chicken is so good, and for $20 a box.. Soda & Radish included, it's so worth the time (for travel) and money.
I do admit though, if I eat way too much of it I start feeling sick but that doesn't stop me because I keep going back.Good Korean fried chicken. Wish they had given me pickled radish when i went. Little on fancier side for me but over all very goodWowzers!! 
My boyfriend and I met up with friends for New Years Eve dinner. I've never had Korean chicken wings but I love spicy food, asian food, and chicken wings so i was excited to try it out.
The place has a trendy vibe and the music is your typical top 40 stuff. The servers are funny and pleasant. There are big booths to accommodate a large group (ours was 8 strong). This place has booze which was exciting. I got even more excited to see that a bottle of Golden Monkey was only $5! What a bargain. Needless to say, our group chugged down quite a few of these. 
Most of us ordered the wings, but those who didn't got their food before ours. I guess this place just serves it as it's ready which isn't that big of a deal. Though seeing my friends get their food first made my mouth water. 
When the wings arrived (it was a bit of wait...but well worth it), there was so much to go around! I was brave and ordered the spicy wings and trust me...even for someone who lives for hot foods, my mouth was on fire in the most delightful way possible. Stay away from the spicy kind unless you can man up. The wings were big and filling and absolutely the best wings I've had. I'm still dreaming about them and wish I could have a big plate of them appear before me right now. 
Just a technical tip: you can't use more than 2 credit cards on an order so it can get a little messy figuring out the bill with a large group. I don't know if that's a standard thing for a restuarant to do, but just be aware of it.
i basically want to go back here really bad ASAP. Do yourself a favor and go visit.There is nothing else to say about this place other than the Korean fried chicken wings in the soy flavor are orgasmic. Hands down the best wings I've ever eaten.Their wings are to die for! My personal favorite is the soy and spicy chicken, however, They lost two star because customer service is shitty and they already included the tip in the check for their shitty service...the Korean wings here are amazing but the time to make them can make a person hangry! Usually takes about 30 to even 45 minutes for the wings to arrive but being patient pays off because their wings is always on point. My favorite is the soy but I would sometimes get the special just so I get a mixture of flavors. A large consist of 18 wings usually and is 20 dollars. Normally I would order the large and depending on who I am with I would either get one whole order of large that is soy or you can even do half and half and split two sauces within one large wing. It was my first time getting the sweet potato fries and as well as the tornado potato. I love the sweet potato fries to start with knowing that it is sweet but on the other hand the tornado potato wasn't what I expected. It was cover in sugar while the potato was not sweet. The taste kind of threw me off but hey who knows some people but like it that way, but if it was to get a sweet appetizer I just suggest getting the sweet potato fries. Along with that I order an Oreo shake and it was amazing. Very rich and creamy and definitely worth gettingA casual place to hang out and just have some tasty delicious Korean wings... nothing more nothing less.Second time eating at Cafe Soho.  I split a large order of garlic soy wings, and a bulgogi over rice plate.  I am definitely a fan of the wings.  The sauce is game changing, and the crust on the wings is something special.  If you haven't had korean fried chicken, you need to check Cafe Soho out.
On the other hand, the bulgogi was a little dissapointing.  It tasted more like pepper steak.  It was still good, but didn't taste like traditional bulgogi.  Overall, Cafe Soho is #1 on the list for wings.I called in for a take-out order. I ordered a small (10 pieces) soy garlic wings and small spicy wings. The estimated wait for me was 35 minutes. When I came in to pick up, my order was ready at the cash register. The cashier offered me pickled radish. I'm not sure if they do ask customers every time, but If you do want the pickled radish, make sure to tell them! Eating the pickled radish along with the wings goes very well and helps to balance out the flavor. Their pickled radish tasted good to me compared to Bonchon chicken. The soy garlic and spicy wings were crispy and covered well in sauce. I didn't receive equal sizes of chicken wings (I guess I was out of luck). The spicy wings were a lot bigger than the soy garlic wings. I kinda wish both batches were equal. Soho's seasoning is pretty good. The soy garlic wings tasted sweet and savory, while the spicy wings are SPICY! You can feel the heat! I did bring these home, and the chicken wings were still crispy. I suggest consuming these wings within A DAY because the texture will become soggy the next day.I read the reviews on Yelp before checking out this place and was surprised to learn that what I read was quite accurate.  The chicken (it's all wings, not the tiny wings but regular size) were delicious and well worth the trip.  Unfortunately it was  cold inside the restaurant and they were play loud, bad top 40 music the whole time.  Neither of these things would have bothered us had the service been adequate. 
As previous reviews said-the service (all young guys in their 20s) was completely inattentive.   It look about 10 minutes after we sat down for someone to come to our table and the restaurant was not busy. We needed to stop him if we wanted water, to order something else etc..  Essentially there was no waiter service, just food delivery to your table.  
I would recommend calling ahead and doing take out from here rather than eating in the restaurant given our experience.  Make sure you call ahead though as I saw people doing take out place their order and then proceed to wait 30 min for it.  
Overall I'd say the food is great but the service and loud music took the overall rating down to a 2 stars.Love the soy wings there. Second time been here after 1 year, food is a bit salty and pricey. Especially the stew, you cold buy the same integrants from hmart with less than 10 bucks.No stars, I don't even know how they still open, food was terrible I can honestly say I can do better at my own house 0/100A friend of mine talked this place up to me, and I was really excited to go. A group of friends and myself decided to come to this establishment after a big korean BBQ dinner to cap the night, and we were all extremely excited (and ready to spend money).  
First of all, what kind of place refuses tap water to their guests?  I've never been to a "restaurant" that forces the customers to buy water by the bottle (First, is that even legal? And second, that's just blatant greedy business practice).  Before we even had a chance to look through the entire menu we had three servers separately come up to the table to ask if we wanted to buy beverages (aka, water bottles).  Every single one of them said that their water was "broken," instead of just explaining that they want their patrons to all spend an extra dollar for bottled water. 
When we had finally decided on $60 worth of drinks (only our first round, mind you), we called over a waiter and gave our order.  He then proceeded to tell us that we HAD to buy food, or we were not allowed to buy anything at the restaurant.  When we asked if we could sit at the bar, he said that we had to buy food there, too, and that it was due to rules created by the "new management".  It suddenly became obvious that they were just trying to get rid of us.  We weren't disruptive or rude, we gave them no reason to act like that.  Never in my life have I felt truly unwelcome at a restaurant.  I couldn't even believe it, the place only had about half the tables filled and they were blatantly turning away a party about to spend a lot of money.  We were infuriated and disappointed.  
Don't go here, there are tons of places that deserve your patronage more than this place.A bit pricey for small wings that aren't quite that amazing. I mean, I think it's good but it did not blow my mind. If the price was reduced a bit, I'd consider giving them four stars but as of right now... i don't think it's quite there yet.Oh bonchon chicken how I love it. The atmosphere here is a little retro, but who cares when the food is delicious. It is more expensive than normal wings, but its taste is unique & so good..its worth it! :DService was fast and friendly and the fried chicken was off the chain. The seafood pancake was good and the pork cutlet was good but my wife didn't like this sauce poured on top. The portion size was great but very little parking had to street park on this cold night in Philly. Overall good eats will come again.