Tiny Hormel pepperoni and no cheese on this pizza. Glad i waited 6 months to try this mockery of a pizza place. Burn in hell!Food was amazing, high quality and great service! I ordered the italiano sandwich with long hots and a order of fried mozzarella, total was $21. Totally worth it!I've been trying to get here for the past week. Staff seems to be improperly trained and the communication  is poor. One day they take reservations, they don't even put you on the list. Very disappointed in the service.Great spot.food was delicious. We got the nacho mama lasagna and loved it. Truffle fries were on point and the Pizzaz with the Cooper sharp and banana peppers was off the charts good. We'll definitely be going backJust outright awful.  When I called and placed my order, I was told 30 minutes..........no problem.  I arrived at the restaurant 45 minutes after placing my order, only to be told they can't find part of my order!  They claimed that part of my order was given to another customer who has the same name.  I then simply asked what is going to be done and was ignorantly told (and close to being yelled at) it was it mistake and to calm down.  That was their response.  Sadly, I waited for the rest of my order to get prepared and left with the food.......what a mistake.  The pizza was so over cooked and the chicken sandwiches were literally pieces of rubber.......just absolutely horrible.  The entire experience from start to finish was as bad as it gets.  If you are reviewing this review, then you have a chance........just go somewhere else!I can't say enough about this place. The pizza is incredible. The crust, the cheese, the sauce, top notch. My go to is the pepperoni and it hasn't let me down. Perfect in every way. The gnocchi are super pillowy and delicious, especially with the blush sauce but, my favorite pasta is the rigatoni bolognese. They make all the pastas in house and you can tell. The small plate format is perfect and priced right. Easy to share a couple different choices.
I heard about this place when I met the owner, Joe, at Koukouzeli Hellenic Grille in South Philadelphia. He gave us his leftover wine bottle and we got to talking. Great guy and the service here is great. They really go out of their way to make you feel like a friend. 
If you really appreciate great food, you owe it to yourself to visit. Tell Joe I sent you!A go-to of mine in the northeast. I was an enormous fan of the previous restaurants at this location, with the bar set high. Do not sleep on their delectable take on mozzarella sticks. You won't regret it- as far as the now well know (shoutout to pres) pizza goes - they are all delicious. Anything with cooper cheese is heaven sent. Their only downfall is never letting me make a reservation. I've had to give my business to other restaurants in the area often due to this. Bummer guys-that's not very northeast of you.Tonight we had a pizza, best pizza in Northeast Philadelphia hands-down, here's a picture get there early as they stop taking phone ordersI was not impressed with the menu or the service. My daughter  & my wife ate at CC. My daughter & I were finished our meal before my wife got her food, lousy service. I was not impressed with the pasta. Luke warm.. The servers were constantly bumping into my chair. Don't think I'll be backA new Italian restaurant opened up real close to our house so we figured we'd give it a try. I like food and since they have food we decided to try their chicken cutlet sandwich and a traditional pizza with pepperoni. We wanted the grandma pie but when I called our order in 
they said they ran out. Crap. We really wanted to try that on first.
The dough had a nice chew to it, perfectly cooked and good pepperoni ratio. Sauce was good,I would have liked a bit more, maybe next time.
Not so sure why the pie was so out of round? They were very busy, so probably rushed it.
The home made chicken cutlet was not shabby. Decent flavor but it didn't wow me. Still was good, but I feel it needed something else on it. 
I do think,for the pizza and chicken sandwich $28 was on a slightly steep side. Quality was good. 
I really wish they have better time management. We picked our food up when they told us it was going to 45 minutes and it was definitely sitting around for a bit when we got there. I understand they're busy and it's a new place but maybe just get your times for arrival down just a little better, that would have been great since I could have come earlier.
UPDATE: 3/1/2020
Really wanted to try this pizza and was finally able to nab it early on a Sunday.
It was incredible. Sauce was bright and abundant. Cheese coverage was perfect.
Loved the airy bread like crust. This thing was a hefty monster. Well worth the $21.
Plenty leftovers and this is our go to pizza. Top 5 in the city for sure. Bravo!We ordered take out this afternoon to support Small Business Saturday. Fantastic service and as always, the food was excellent. I've never had the pizza before and I don't know what I was waiting for!!This place deserves all the hype it's getting. Ordered 2 cheesesteaks and truffle fries takeout. I expected the frites would be a little soggy when I got home but they were amazing! Cheesesteak might've been the best I've ever eaten. Definitely will be back for more!Order from here at least twice a week and love everything about this place!!!! Tonight I got the buffalo chicken pizza and it was absolutely phenomenal. Most definitely the best new spot in Northeast Philly!!!! The staff are equally as amazing and would highly recommend.Amazing food. Authentic, fresh Italian food. Very kind owner and employees, very nicely decorated and extremely clean. Have been there 3 times and haven't had a bad meal! It's all awesome so far.First time
Gnocchi so light; pomodoro sauce delish 
Wings great
Linguini with blush nice
Steak sandwich per my husband awesome
   Great bread
Can't wait to try pizza and other dishes
Cannoli cake light and delicious 
I only wished I had some fresh bread (will request) to dip in my sauceI highly recommend Cafe Carmela's. We had a fabulous dinner on a busy Saturday night, they had only been open for business less than 2 weeks, the food arrived quickly and despite the fact that they were super crowded everything seemed to run smoothly. We orde pasta dish in a blush sauce, Italian Chicken Cutlet sandwich and a Antipasti salad. ( I forget the exact names of the menu items ) Everything was fresh and so delicious !This is great food reminds me of Angelo's in South Philly with the 12 punch great cheesesteaks and pizza! God bless you Miss Carmelo!Amazing. Accidentally found this restaurant and it is the best gnocchi, cheese steak was rib eye, the bolognaise is just delicious. You can taste the home made goodness.My husband and I have traveled all over the world and experienced some of the best food worldwide... Cafe Carmela is incredible, we drive an hour from home just to eat here. We started out with the barrata salad with fig balsamic and it was exceptional. The cheesesteak is jam-packed with high quality meat and we mix the 2 cheeses and add fried onions. Plus we love the seeded rolls.. top 5 best cheesesteaks we ever had and we are both from Philly.. we also got the Provolone pie and I loved it, the ingredients are fresh and the pizza is on the thinner side and crispy. (New York style, our fave) We got an affigato (espresso poured over vanilla ice cream) and the seasonal pumpkin cheesecake for dessert, all delicious. Super friendly and attentive staff. BYOB. We look forward to our next journey there!First timer
Recommended by my nephew 
The plain pizza was friggin Awesome!! The owner and his wife were very nice people!!
The place is very quaint and small,  and it was a revolving door,  very crowded for a Wednesday night.  But goes to show the restaurant is off the Charts Delicious!! We will definitely come back here,  very happy to see its Byob  :)I don't care about pizza, and I don't really leave reviews. Cafe Carmela has changed both of those things, apparently. 
Pizza is a whatever food that most people will eat at most times, which makes it little more than an inoffensive option when cheap and easy is the goal. To me, pizza is a Hail Mary play for a weekday dinner when the day has already taken all the effs I have to give. If I'm watching my takeout budget, I'm never gonna be like "oh cmon let's just splurge on some....pizza". 
Until, Cafe Carmela's pizza. Any of them, really. I accidentally ordered the wrong one on two different occasions and it didn't change my opinion. 
This pizza isn't pizza - it's an EXPERIENCE. The dough is all at once crispy and airy and chewy, absolute perfection. The sauce is perfectly balanced - it bursts with tang and flavor but there's just enough sweet to keep it from being acid-y. There's a perfect amount of everything--fresh, evenly distributed mozzarella, sauce, even grease (what's pizza without a little grease?) 
Every time I order their pizza, I think to myself that I must be hyping the memory up, because is any pizza really that good? And then I take a bite and it's better than my memory can actually recall. And every single bite feels that way. 
Tl;dr - Cafe Carmela's pizza is the best pizza I have ever had in my life.Pizza was okay. Not my cup of tea since I'm not a fan of thin crusts. I loved the pasta. The pasta was so fresh and sauce was deliciousMy wife and I get take out from here a lot..love their food...was so looking forward to their Valentines menu...they posted it a few weeks ago and we said ok let's get this...we got lucky to get a seat at the restaurant since they reopened....got the ravioli on special and also wanted one of each dessert they had on the Valentines menu...I was told they are out of it...I was like out of the dessert...yes we sold out over the weekend...my thing is if you are advertising a Valentines menu shouldn't you have that menu at least for part of the day...I can see sold out by 5 pm..but didn't have any at all...as they offered the dessert on the weekend...and by Valentines it was gone...very disappointed...so we got nothing but the ravioli which were fantastic!  Went home and had some chocolate covered strawberries....won't stop us from coming here...everything they serve is fresh and delicious!Came for the cheese steaks but left an even bigger fan of the pizza! The cheese steaks are about 10" long on a fantastic roll. Friends ordered the steak w Cooper sharp, while we got the cheese sauce. The cheese sauce is a special blend (not Whiz) and is the same sauce you get on their awesome garlicky fries. 
We noticed a few pizzas as we were waiting so we ordered a plain pie to share. It was fabulous! Thinner crispy crust with a really nice sauce. The cheese was slightly browned, which I love. If I had beer (BYOB) I would have been in heaven. Really friendly service. Local Philly owners who are on location and checking in on guests. Five stars for sure!We did take out and it was our first time ordering from here. It was incredible! We did 3 pizzas (one American Boy, one Margherita with meatball and one American Boy with pepperoni) they were all outstanding! I cannot remember the last time I ate my pizza crust like I did tonight. We also ordered the truffle fries and were blown away.Tried to get takeout three different times on three different days. Once told they weren't taken anymore takeout order. Twice I got a voicemail, no one answered the phone. Three strike and your out! I understand this is a new place but they will lose customers if this continues.This adorable little restaurant opened just weeks before COVID. Thankfully, I was able to dine in and experienced a wonderful meal. We had the pizzaz pizza, chicken cutlet sandwich and the peanut butter bomb. Everything was delicious. The owners are so nice, I wish them well especially during this difficult time.Just got some pizza and fried mozzarella from here. Took me a while to hit this place up with the quarantine plus it's so close to my place. Definitely my new local pizza joint along with Vince's. Fried mozzarella was legit too.It's the Sicilian wings and Margarita pizza fo meeeeee I'm not even a fan of pizza but their crust and fresh mozzarellllaaaaaaaaa---Oooooweee!I highly recommend Cafe Carmela's. We had a fabulous dinner on a busy Saturday night, they had only been open for business less than 2 weeks, the food arrived quickly and despite the fact that they were super crowded everything seemed to run smoothly. We ordered a  pasta dish in a blush sauce, Italian Chicken Cutlet sandwich and a Antipasti salad. ( I forget the exact names of the menu items ) Everything was fresh and so delicious !Very decent.
Not in a rush to go back, but I am open to come back and try other things. My husband and I came on a Friday night and from the moment you walk in it's a sauna. We were given a thirty minute wait but we waited much less than that! We were sat right next to the kitchen which is freaking toasty. My husband and I were overly warm while sitting so I can't imagine how the cooks + staff feel! 
We split the truffle fries and the American Boy. Fries were ehh. Nothing special, but not bad. The American Boy was good. The sauce was very tasty. All pizzas are 16"! Plenty of food!
Cafe Carmella is BYO.Finally had the chance to try this place after hearing great things for so long. I'm SO glad I did! Their cheesesteak is probably the best cheesesteak I've ever had!!!! I can't even explain how tasty it is. We also had their pizza and fried mozzarella, Omg sooo good. We'll definitely be ordering from here again!Instantly began questioning Steve's, sonny's, John roast pork, and other great cheesesteak rankings. The bread is a PERFECT hard to soft ratio. Not chewy, but firm and soft. Idk, but it's great. The waitress and older man, who I assume is the person the steak is named after but could be completely wrong, were super attentive and nice. I enjoyed every minute of eating outside with friends. We also got a margherita and that crust was also a perfect consistency. Idk how often they can get it all right like they did today, but I hope it's everytime because if so it is a strong competitor for best Italian in northeast philly. . My friend compared the margherita to pizza he had right next to the Coliseum in Rome. GREAT.Honestly this is some of the best pizza we have ever had before. Service has always been phenomenal and even when they first opened and the place was packed everyone still had a smile on their face and the food came out hot. We also used the curbside take out yesterday mainly because they are one of the only restaurants offering that right now. The process was smooth and the food was still amazing. You have to try the square pie with pepperoni!Stopped in here on Sunday (Father's Day).  We got there a few minutes before they opened so we just waited outside until our table was ready.  
Our server was great and friendly!
None of us (there were 6) has been here before.  Three of us got cheesesteaks (omg so good!), two got Caesar salads (I'll be honest: both said there was a flavor in the dressing they didn't care for)  and one chicken parm sandwich (Paul loved it!).  
I loved the feel of the restaurant-very clean and so charming!  Prices were great and the iced tea is freshly brewed-my favorite kind!
I'm looking forward to going back!!Northeast Philly needed a restaurant like this! It's open for both lunch and dinner. We went for a casual lunch but it also can be a more fancy meal too! The owner is a Hallahan girl like my daughters!!
The restaurant is located in a strip mall but manages to look cute from the outside. The inside is a modern take on an old school Italian restaurant with black checkered tablecloths, flowers in sauce cans but with modern decor and an open kitchen.
The food was delicious!  The Caesar salad had fresh lettuce (my benchmark for quality!) with crisp croutons, a nice anchovy flavor and most importantly lightly dressed. The pizza was very good. It was a 16 inch pie with a crispy, airy crust. We had the combo margharita and traditional. It was like a regular pieces with fresh mozzarella  and basil. What we really wanted to try was the cheesesteak! It did not disappoint! It came on a seeded Italian roll with thinly sliced ribeye. There's a choice of American, provolone and truffle cheese sauce. The truffle cheese sauce was our choice. It their take on cheez whiz. It was a lighter, tastier cheese sauce that really added flavor to the sandwich. We shared between three of us. The dessert menu had some staples like cannoli but also several unique items like a gelato cookies and cream made with star cookies for the holidays and a  marscapone  cheesecake. Unfortunately  we were too full for dessert. 
A nice atmosphere with delicious food!I have been getting food from Cafe Carmela since they've opened. I love the food so much that I let a lot of things that would normally bother me, slide, such as finding a hair fried into my fried mozzarella, waiting over 2 hours for food, the restaurant being scorching hot and wait staff not properly wearing mask. I still manage to come and didn't complain because the food is THAT good. BUT, after picking up my to go order today, I ordered a chicken Caesar salad for my mother along with some other things. First off the salads are definitely over priced for what they're giving you, and I already saw a review on here complaining about the same exact thing. But, the Caesar dressing was horrible! It was so thick you couldn't even pour it, it was like a paste, and it didn't taste great. My mother ended up having to use Caesar dressing we had in the fridge, on A $14 salad that barely had any lettuce, doesn't come with any garlic bread or anything. Not to mention, they charge 6$ extra for chicken and it was literally like 5 tiny strips of chicken, what a joke! I emailed them explaining how disappointed I was about this salad, and they told me that's their house dressing, they don't use store bought dressing (which I already knew they make everything from scratch there), but this was not a dressing. It was thick paste that I could not mix into my salad. They didn't care that I was disappointed. As much money as I have spent at this place, I feel like because they're crazy busy now, they don't care about customer satisfaction. Needless to say i won't going back for a while, and little do they know how much of a loyal customer I was and how many people I have referred to them even when I didn't have the greatest experience, I always talked highly of them because it was a great little family business with delicious food. Hopefully they start listening to their customer feedback like they did when they first opened a year ago. And to think I gave a 10$ tip on a to go order! SMH!Hidden gem. Everything is fantastic! Finally somewhere in the Northeast that is truly authentic Italian. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Excellent!Love this place when it first opened up. Feel like the pizza now isn't as good as it was before maybe because of how busy it is there. I would still recommend this place over all other pizza places in area but they def lost a little finesse. Homemade pastas are excellent. Surprisingly One of the best cheesesteaks in the area... must get the cooper sharp. Inside in smaller so best not for bigger groups but I love this spot. 100% ya gotta try it if you in the areaFood was fantastic, and the service was superb! They quickly accommodated our large party and everything was amazing!Best pizza.
Best Cheesesteaks
Best pasta
Best sandwiches 
Do yourself a favor, skip the hipstery BS in Fishtown and CC, and get the REAL.Cafe Carmela is a great place to eat. The owners treat you like you're family. The Nonni Pizza Pie is Gold, the sandwiches, and macaroni are delicious. This restaurant is quality Italian food made fresh to order.We got the Don Cheech cheesesteak. I do like that everything has a name.  At the suggestion of the nice young woman at the host stand we got it with Cooper sharp cheese.  Carrying the cheesesteak I could tell it was small.  It looked good when I unwrapped it.  The good news is it had a very good amount of good Cooper sharp cheese.  The cheese was well mixed in with the meat and fried onions.  It had a good amount of meat but I found several pieces of Gristle.  I guess we could debate gristle but a good grill person has to see the big pieces and remove them.  The biggest disappointment for me was the roll.  It tasted like a standard roll with a few sesame seeds thrown on top.I was not impressed with the menu or the service. My daughter  & my wife ate at CC. My daughter & I were finished our meal before my wife got her food, lousy service. I was not impressed with the pasta. Luke warm.. The servers were constantly bumping into my chair. Don't think I'll be backExcellent Caesar salad with the best anchovies...pizza was very good but a bit soggy with spinach on it...but crust is excellent...definitely will try again...a bit noisy but service was very good!This place is the real deal- the food, the atmosphere, and the service.  This was by far one of the best Italian meals I have ever had.  We started with the Lasagna Nachos.  They sounded a little crazy, chips made from friend Lasagna noodles topped with bolognese, black olives, banana peppers, and cheeses.   These were simply amazing and you won't find these on other menus.  I was told the owner created the recipe on her own.  Every person at our table was reaching for these "nachos."  We also ordered the gnocchi with blush and gnocchi Nini (a cream gorgonzola and spinach sauce.)  All of the pastas are homemade and that quality was evident.  The gnocchi melts in your mouth.  My mom, who said she doesn't like gorgonzola, ended up eating most of that dish and asked if she could take it home; it was that good.  We also had the rigatoni bolognese.  The homemade bolognese with the pasta and ricotta was my husband's favorite.  We got a plain pizza and a Pizazz.  Both were cooked to perfection- crispy with little bubbles towards the edge of the crust.  The kitchen is open and we were seated near the pizza oven.  You see the fresh parmesan being grated over each pie after its pulled out from the oven or the fresh basal going on.  The Pizazz Pizza is a South Philly speciality this family is bringing to the Northeast with it's banana peppers, cooper sharp, tomato, and mozzarella.  The decor of the place is great down to with the family photos on the walls and Grandmom's, the restaurant's namesake Carmella's, meatball recipe hanging on the wall.  My mom still can't believe they have the recipe hanging.  It's truly a family affair their with the siblings working the tables, making pizza, grandchildren answering the phone, and best of all, Grandfather Frank, making his famous espressos.  If you love espressos, he makes the best.  The place feels alive with delicious food flowing out of the kitchen and family involved in every aspect of the restaurant.  This place is a must visit- there is so much more I want to try from the menu; can't wait to go back!Great new addition and I am happy another good place went in because we were sad the ones in the past closed.  Everything we had so far from there has been delicious. Great truffle fries, homemade pasta, chicken cutlet sandwiches, and pizzas. Can't wait to go back!New place in the Northeast with amazing home made Italian food. The pizza and pasta were some of the best I've ever had. 
The Bianca pizza was delicious, it took a little while to come out, as they were packed, but it was well worth the wait I promise!
The pasta may look like a small portion but it was super filling. There's so much more I want to try, can't wait to go back.The service, food, atmosphere, 10/10. The gnocchi in a blush.. no words. I'm a big gnocchi blush girl. Top 3 in Philly/South Jersey area. Pizza..unreal. Sandwiches..to die for. I can't describe how amazing it all was. Just go and see for yourself!!!!Cafe Carmela is worth every penny and the hype is legit. Unfortunately, we've yet to dine in because of the covid situation. We ordered a white with ricotta, margarita and the fried mozzarella. First the fried mozzarella, it's fried cheese. How can it be bad? How can it be better? They were perfect! I just wish there were more! So good!! Both pizzas were delicious but I don't think they traveled well. The sauce is legit. I can't wait til we can eat in. It's our new spot and was much needed in this area.Absolutely delish!! Fresh and crisp caesar salad.  The Maggs pizza was super yummy! And hands down one of the best cheesesteaks in Philly!The food just doesn't quite meet the mark- it lacks flavor, and seasoning in many of the items, especially the stromboli. The truffle fries are the best thing on the menu. The space is tight and while they want to maximize all areas of the restaurant, there should be consideration on being seated so close to other patrons.Fantastique! 
J'aime beaucoup!
Get the Gnocchi My Nini, and the Cutlet Italiano.
Great family.
10/10Easily the best restaurant in the Northeast Region of Philadelphia. Anything you order will be amazing. The quality and standard is far above everyone else competing in and around the area. We've ordered countless times from here and have never had a bad meal or experience. They're doing it right with the fresh ingredients, handmade pasta  /pizza dough , etcPick up was easy ordered on the website. Everything was made to order no mistakes. Price reflects good quality and sizable servings. The cheesesteak was excellent best I've had in a long time. Meat is chopped with cooper sharp and onions mixed through. Each bite is Philly heaven! The pizza was elevated with good quality cheese and tomatoes. Add your own seasonings.Hands down the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia absolutely amazing! You need to try the truffle fries they are so good!A great addition to the northeast. This a BYOB Italian restaurant with your classic salads, great homemade pasta, eclectic apps, pizza and sandwiches.
We came early in anticipation of a busy restaurant. We only wait about 30 mins on a Saturday night (arriving at 5 p.m.).
I had the caesar salad, margherita pizza, rigatoni bolognese and affogato for dessert.
Dinner was excellent. The caesar salad was traditionally served with anchovies (which I love), and the homemade dressing was so good. Creamy and flavorful. The pizza was perfect. It was crispy and thin, full of delicious garlic and had a great crust. 
I enjoyed the homemade pasta. The bolognese was meaty and the whipped ricotta was a nice touch.
This restaurant is new so kinks in service were to be expected. Our server was rather forgetful but she was very kind. Food came out timely and was hot which I appreciated (minus our dessert mishap), but they did rectify this without us having to say anything. 
Overall, this was a positive experience and I will definitely be back!!I went here for the first time a few months ago and twice within the past week. Every single time it has been delicious and the service was off the charts! It's a cute byob with a quaint ambiance. Definitely has a family feel about it. The owner checked on our table and one time Carmela herself brought out our food. We had the waitress Monica twice now and she's amazing, so attentive! We've tried a good amount of the menu during our trips and everything was good. I would highly recommend the cheesesteak (the cheese sauce is awesome), the American boy pie. the burrata salad or any of the pasta options. You really can't go wrong with any choice. The real star was the Buffalo shrimp risotto on special (the reason we came twice in one week). Keep an eye on their specials and leave room for dessert. We loved the tiramisu and next time I want to try the cannoli cake.Best margarita pizza in the northeast. We also tried several of the other dishes - chicken parm and nocci  were delicious. Definite our go to take out Italian restaurant.Been aching to try this place for some time.  Finally got the chance to pop in for an early dinner tonight. A tiny pizzeria/Italian cafe located in a strip  of shops on Holme Ave (in the old blue duck) you will find checked table clothed tables, and some bar style seating.  The freshly made pizza dough is some of the best I've yet to find.  Thin, crispy bottom with doughy crust.  Toppings are fresh and flavors on point.  Their big seller is the cheese steak that gets rave reviews. Piled high on a seeded roll with your choice of cheese.  Their take on this Philly favorite raises the bar, delicious and juicy.  We tried out the Sicilian wings- fried to perfection crispy and full of flavor a definite must try if you stop in.  Cafe Carmela is BYOB - Tables all are topped with a carafe of water and canned sodas are available.  Will defiantly be back to try out their home made pasta entrees and specialty sandwiches.Weekly cravings for this place! You cannot go wrong ordering ANYTHING off the menu. The pizza is divine. The cheesesteak with cooper sharp cheese is a must try! We were only able to sit at the restaurant pre-Covid but the service was great. Even now, doing take out only, the employees are friendly and very welcoming. Thank you for opening this spot close to home! Haha. Definitely recommend!There was so much hype about this new place in the Northeast. The food was burnt and over done. The only reason I didn't give 1 star was because the service was great. We got 2 pies - one margarita and one cheese - both were burnt like attached pizza, very salty. Also had the "reverse Florida - just a calzone - super dry, cheese burnt out and you couldn't even cut into it. We also had the truffle fries which were surprisingly good. Overall we may be back for the pasta dishes - maybe that's what the rave was about. It's a BYOB establishment. Oh and the whole restaurant smelt like burning food and it was very hot inside.Stopped by today for the Don Cheech cheese steak.  Definitely one of the best cheese steaks I've had.  Tasty roll, soft with enough crust to support the sandwich.  Chopped steak fried up with a tasty flavor, fried onions and Cooper sharp cheese were mixed well.  I added grilled long hot peppers, I do anytime I get a cheese steak and the shop offers them.  This'll be one of my top stops anytime I'm in the Northeast and need a steak.  There's plenty of other items on the menu I want to try as well.  Great work!The absolute best cheesesteak I have ever had in my life and being from Philadelphia I've had quite a few. I also have not found a Caesar salad that compares to there's! Fresh, delicious whole anchovies and homemade dressing. The truffle fries are a great picky as well. My favorite spot for good food!Heard about Café Carmela from a friend of the family so we took the hour drive to give them a try.  We ordered three different pizza's, chicken parm and mozzarella sticks and everything was fantastic.  The pizza crust was nice and crips, just the way we love it...the American Boy pie was my favorite.  Everyone was so friendly.  It was a busy place so people know just how good it is.  Happy to see a restaurant in my old neighborhood doing so well.  Can't wait to go again.We decided to check this little place out after family and friends recommended it. Glad we did! It's a cute little place located conveniently to where my Mom and sister lives (and, of course my niece LOL). We all enjoyed our means although my niece and I agreed the sauce on our sandwich could have a little more garlic or salt or maybe more basil but know that's just a personal preference. The rolls are delicious and the eggplant was cooked just right. Our truffle fries were hot and delicious, too! My Mom enjoyed her soup and her Caesar  Salad, too! Our waitress and other staff were  awesome, friendly and attentive! Definitely will go back to try the pizza and cheesesteak next trip home!I've heard really great things about this place & last night my family & I decided to try take out. Let me just say although I waited over an hour for my food to be ready, it was completely worth every minute. By far one of if not the best cheesesteak I've had in the city in YEARS. The seeded roll was perfect, the meat tender not greasy or fatty, & the cooper sharp cheese really makes it outstanding. The fries were perfectly crispy, the fried mozzarella were like little fried pillows of cheese, & my daughter's chicken & fries was a whole chicken cutlets fried to perfection cut into strips. After tasting the food, the hour long wait didn't even matter they gained a regular customer out of me. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.My husband has had the pizza at his
Office, but we wanted to give the sandwiches a try 
So Good !   Glad we did 
Chicken cutlet had great flavor and even though I asked for no long hots (thank you), the hot flavor was still present and not too hot The seeded roll was fresh and just the right bite to it 
We also ordered the crispy Eggplant. I didn't want to share my half but I did 
Recommend the sandwiches, they filled our belly and left us looking forward to the next timeBest new spot in Northeast Philly, with that South Philly, traditional touch we Italians love and look forward too! You can come here with a large group, or even alone (chefs counter seating available). They don't typically take reservations for parties of 10 or less, and there is sometimes a wait but it is definitely worth it! Oh, and don't forget to bring something to drink, its BYOB! Say hi to Carmela herself, what a sweetheart! 
For starters I always get the wings, the sauce is spicy and sweet, but not your typical buffalo style. It is unique and delicious! Unlike anything I've ever experienced before and I can say the same for the gorgonzola dipping dressing! The burrata (Caprese) salad is also AMAZING, the arugula and tomatoes topped with balsamic make for a perfect starter dish and it is totally shareable. In fact, If you're dining with someone, I'd recommend getting a few different things and sharing it all! There's just too many things to try, everything is good! 
Because I am GF, I have not been able to personally try the pizza (they do not yet offer this on their menu) but i've seen it, and I've smelled it and I've heard the table get very quiet for a while :) 
They do offer GF pasta, my favorite being the Blush or My Nini. The quality of GF pasta is very good and I couldn't tell the difference! For all of their pasta dishes you can choose between different sauces and what type of noodle you'd like, which is super cool. (Full disclosure there is only one type of GF noodle option) but still totally cool! I haven't seen that done anywhere else. 
Last but not least, grab yourself an espresso, an affogato or dessert! GF dessert options available as well as other delicious offerings.Top 5 cheesesteak in Philly!
* Cheesesteak: Cooper Wit - Soft seeded roll; easy to bite through. Steak tasted like it was marinated/seasoned which I prefer. Onions were in between caramelized and raw. I would prefer the onions were more caramelized(leave on grill for a few extra minutes), however that's my personal preference.
* Chicken Cutlet Italiano: Broccoli Rabe, Sharp Provolone & Roasted Hot Peppers - Chicken was cooked/fried to perfection. Crispy outside with crunch, however melt in your mouth inside texture. Soft seeded roll; easy to chew through.
Also, the truffle fries were great, however not reviewing. No offense to the truffle fries.Based on the reviews I thought the pizza would have been a slam dunk.... Boy was I fooled. Either the person making the pizza had no clue on what they were doing or people who eat here accept mediocre food. A pizza should be cooked through, even toppings and not have the consistency of cardboard. I couldn't even eat this.We've ordered takeout from here three times and everything is SO good! One of the best cheesesteaks we've had in Philly, amazing homemade pasta, and the truffle fries and fried mozzarella are so good. Always good customer service and takeout is always ready when they say it will be. Can't wait to try their pizza, but we have loved what we've ordered so much that we keep ordering the same things! Also looking forward to dining in once covid settles down a bit!All I can say is YUM!!  Been looking forward to the opening since I heard it was coming. Food was delicious. Service was so friendly. The sauce was OMG!!  Can't wait to go back.If you're looking for quality homemade sandwiches and pizza Cafe Carmela is the spot. I've been here twice and feel good recommending this place to my friends/family.
Their pizza is really good and tasty, the fries are fantastic with their cheese whiz they make. As far as the cheesesteak the roll was amazing but the insides didn't impress me one bit. 
Pizza 8.4
Fries 9.1
Cheesesteak 6.6
Maybe they just have an off day with the cheesesteak so I will give them another chance. 
The staff is also super friendly and accommodating.Excellent food!! I ate inside right before the world closed and had pick up service today!! Highly recommend this restaurant!!I don't know who was in the kitchen the night I ordered my food, but they didn't care about quality whatsoever to box burnt pizza. The recipe, sauce and cheese were good, and that's the only reason I didn't give a two or one star rating. Won't waste my money there again.One of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had. I have heard a lot about this place, and it lives up to they hype. I can't wait to come back and try other items.The takeout is the worse... Wait an hour and then food is ice cold when you get it home including the pizza. Food is not the same when it has to be reheated! It loses something! They're often out of items when ordering online to take out. Tell me a 1/2 hour and if I have to wait 5-10 min... that's fine... at least I know the food is hot! The alternative is that the food sits in the window all packaged up dying waiting to be picked up. I'd rather have The Works takeout next door or New England.Oh my goodness. The cheesesteaks are sooo good. Very unexpected. Love that the meat, cheese, and onions are incorporated together. The beef is so tender and juicy. Try it! Thank me laterJust had our first experience with Cafe Carmela. Our daughter that lives in Naples,FL heard all good things about it. The cheese steak was the best I ever had, and that is saying a lot brings Philly is known for their cheesesteak joints. My husband loved the pizza, especially the nice stuff crust, reminded him of his uncle's pizza shop. This will definitely be our go to restaurant. Can't wait to try their home made Pasta