Cajun heroes is your new seafood spot in the city! I had the crawfish and snow crabs in the captain Joe garlic butter sauce! Would highly recommend. The chefs and servers were so nice and attentive! Def a spot to check out if you're on south street!This is a wonderful addition to lower South St. I had mussels with sauce and a salad. The farmed mussels were big and juicy, perfectly cooked, and the sauce was great. Salad was fresh and had a bonus of some sort of seed in it, in addition to tomatoes and red onion. Planning a trip back with friends for sure!Stopped by for lunch after visiting the Battleship NJ in Camden. Finished off a good day. Nice welcoming staff and friendly owner. Helped me with solid recommendations. Went with the seafood gumbo and 1/2 oyster po boy. Food was great. I will be back when I'm in Philly.  Great Food.Ok so, love the name! I loved the aesthetic in the restaurant. The action figures are so cute. I came here before Covid hit. Very friendly, great customer service after my initial experience of having to sit at the bar and it be wiped down in front of me.  I order a pound of crawfish and the fried pickles. The fried pickles were great!! Would highly recommend getting as an appetizer + the dipping sauce and maybe a little bit of seasoning too.  The crawfish, although a decent size, were not for me.  Fyi, probably a tough critic because I hail from Texas which is a skip to Louisiana- home of live cajun crawfish in season. The sauce covering it is was not really for me. They used oranges and it was heavy on the oranges. I asked for some butter and made do but they were heavy on the citrus and garlic. I will come back again and try something else though!Best  seafoods in the city!  I had the clams, mussels & crawfish (shake it) and it was all amazing!!   Looking forward to trying more items on their menuFinally a Seafood restaurant on South Street where everything isn't fried!  Their Capn' Joe sauce is the bomb.  It's the perfect combination of sweet and spicy.  I had an Oyster Po-Boy and some of meatiest snow crabs legs.  It was awesome to have some beers and crabs with my friends, so close to homThis place is small but so great! The staff was very welcoming and knowledgeable of the menu. My dad and I went here together. He had the oyster poboy (very fresh yet a bit too pickle tasting for me, my dad loved it though), I had the seafood boil. It comes out on a platter instead of a bag which I was a bit disappointed by but I suppose that's just their style. I prefer the bag option better because it traps the heat, hopefully they include that option in the future. For starters we had the seafood gumbo and turkey necks. The seafood gumbo was tasty although it had more of a soup consistency rather than gumbo. The TURKEY NECKS WERE PHENOMENAL. TRY THEM. We had fried pickles as a side, they were pretty good. I'll definitely come back to this place!Legit!!!!! Do not sleep on this place!!!!! Best Po boy in the city hands down, the braised turkey neck was life changing and the crawfish would make NOLA proud. At last the Viet-Cajun /Creole flavor has landed in Philly. I never Yelp, but had to give a shoutout to this spot. Owners are nice as hell as well.Wooo.... This establishment just opened, nice and friendly staff, explained some things and talked to us, great theme and one of the folks name is Logan. It can't get no better than that right. Wrong, the food man! You have to get Joe's sauce. This is where the hooooo comes. Crabs, chicken, corn pudding, YES corn pudding, yummm.  Best seafood I've had in years. All of it was fresh. I came here after I found this place on Yelp. I've been deprived. Think I need to go to New Orleans to eat for a while but until then I'm coming here to eat every time I want a lot of good seafood. I cook seafood at home but it don't taste anything like what I just ate on a cool Saturday nightWe got two hero's combos and they were great! So much food and fresh seafood. We ended up getting them plain with the seasoning and sauce on the side so it wasn't super messy but still delicious! Also got a soft shell crab po boy which was great. The only downside was they only have beer and one red or white wine. Will be cominAwesome food! Even better people. They poboy sandwiches are my favorite. As you can see they're very generous with the shrimp!We love this place! We stumbled across it looking for good seafood restaurants in Philly. Not only do they have fantastic food, the owner Logan and our server Sam were amazing! They made my fiancé's birthday dinner so special and even through in some nice extra touches. It hasn't been around long but it's definitely worth the visit!Not yet ready for prime time.  Didn't nail authentic Cajun food as we had hoped. Thought set up inside was a bit off.Blown away! Cajun Heroes is official and the closest you'll get to NOLA taste. The owner is a N.O native & knows what he's doing! The food taste very fresh and flavorful. So many hints of flavor from the "BIG EASY." The restaurant decor/ theme is brilliant (just wait to you see it) you will appreciate All the little details that makes such a big impact to the overall theme!!! However, let's talk about the southern hospitality the owner provided to us. He embraced us as customers by coming over and talking to us (about the food, life in general, traveling etc). It made us feel like family rather than customers. Also, he made his employees breakfast (great boss) and asked us if we would like to try. Omg delicious! 
Note: I'm not saying everyone will get this experience because the restaurant picks up business fast. However, we were the very first customers so he embraced us before the restaurant got BUSY! So that definitely made a difference to our experience. So much so, we will be returning again this week  to patronize/ provide neck bones (insider) thanks Cajun Hero's we are now continuous customers/family.Wasn't what I expected but that's my fault. The gumbo soup was really good. I would return for that.Seafood was okay. They're priced okay, but they dont do combos like other places. As for their seasoning, i felt like it was a bit too sweet for my taste. When i ordered, my shrimp and clams were very tasty! However, for the fresh crawfish, although, did seem alive, tasted like they were almost dead when cooked and were considerably tiny for what I'm used to when I ordered live. Honestly felt like I didn't need to order the crawfishFood was really good.  Had a nice spice.  The staff was really accommodating and friendly   Andouille sausage should have been grilled instead of boiledBeing from Houston this is the best feeling that's close to home that pertains to food.I'm glad a friend referred me to this place!I stopped in after looking online for some good Cajun food. Memorial Day. I did not see much on menu that interested me. But they had seafood gumbo, which I love. 
The Gumbo is awful. Watery, maybe 5 to 6 middle size shrimp, a lot of under cooked Okra. 
Honestly. Terrible. Small bowl of gumbo and a soda $10. 
I'm going back to reading terminal market Beck's .. never coming here again.Last nights dinner devours lead me to the new @cajunheroes after church! Cajun heroes seafood boil restaurant is a new seafood kid on the block and is also a south Philly native. This restaurant is fairly new replacing the old sushi bar Bincho that set on though south eastern corner of American Street. Upon arrival the hostess sent me down really quickly and it said it to all my needs. This place also offers a daily happy hour and has multiple TVs for sports events to watch. The menu is very simple and it also so alcoholic beverages. For dinner, I chose to create my own seafood boil. I ordered a half pound of the snow crab and a half pound of the shrimp with the heads on in their popular Cajun heroes garlic sauce. Their Cajun sauce is a bit sweet yet very garlicky just the way I like it! The shelves were very pleasant and cooked perfectly without them being mushy and sad. The snow crab is very sweet and juicy. If you ever find yourself in South Philly wanted to try some very unique seafood ideas please check out @cajunheroes Cajun heroes seafood boil Elliott tell them that Shimmy sent you! #south #philly #philadelphia #seafood #seafoodboil #cajunseafood #hero #water #game #football #shrimp #crab #garlic #foodporn #food #foodphotography #foodstagram #foodie #foodbloggerWe were missing NOLA flavors these last few days and searching Yelp turned up Cajun Heroes. Our first visit was unfortunately slightly marred by a PECO transformer that blew out electric service for blocks around. Fortunately, their fryers continued to function and our Po' Boy's were delicious and filling. We also got the small size servings of curly fries and fried pickles which was, in retrospect, a good example over-ordering for just the two of us. 
On the second visit Mrs. C. had crayfish and head-on shrimp seafood boil which fully met expectations. (Pro-tip: there's a seafood pick in the utensil bucket at each table. It will make dissecting the crayfish easier.)  I had half a fried oyster Po' Boy and the sausage and chicken gumbo combo which was a much more reasonable amount of food for this eater.
Service both visits was friendly and helpful. 
The only tiny improvement I think they might be able to make would be to switch to a roll maker that can deliver those super crisp crust sandwich rolls they use in NOLA.Best  seafoods in the city!  I had the clams, mussels & crawfishs(shake it) and it was all amazing!!   Looking forward to trying more items on their menu.I am so happy my fiancé was craving seafood boil for his bday bc this place is one, if not the best seafood boil I've had. We got the heroes combo and the spicy buttery seasoning in the bag is what makes the whole dish come together. The crab, mussels, shrimp, sides were all amazing but the star of the show was the crawfish. It was so good that we got another pound of crawfish after..it is a must try! So tender, soft and delicious..we could not stop talking about it after we left! 
They also have poboy sandwich which I feel like is one of the best I've had in Philly as well. I got the half poboy half gumbo platter. The sandwich was huge and stuffed with the shrimp. The creamy sauce complimented the po boy so well..gumbo was also good but I wish they gave more rice..it was more on the soupy side. Other than that, I think it tasted good and was happy with the portion for the price! Fries were crispy as well! 
Definitely gonna need the bib and gloves cuz it's a messy dinner!This place is awesome. Ordering online was quick and when I got there for pick-up, everything was ready to go. Staff was nice, efficient and had me out of there in no time. Food was so good I wanted to go back in time to start over again.Walking past and sitting down, you might think this place's specialty is the seafood.  And you'd probably be right.  It's really, really good.  But seriously don't sleep on the New Orleans fare when you're here.  My wife and I spend a good bit of time in New Orleans and we've been searching for a really decent Po' Boy here in Philly for a while.  For our money, this is the best one in the city.  We had the fried shrimp tonight and it was really, really spectacular.   On top of that we tried the boudin balls, the chicken and rice, and some Snow and Dungeness Crab clusters.  Everything was very good.  But the boudin balls and the Po boy stole the show.  Will definitely be back.Was in town and decided to stop for seafood. Came across this place. I was very disappointed. The food was not hot. Asked for medium level of spicy, it wasn't one bit. And the seafood is not fresh. You can taste it in the crab legs. Or either they reheated them or something. Keep looking if you come across this place!Drop in for some seafood after a day at the wineries. The prices are reasonable. We got both dishes with The garlic butter bomb sauce which was finger licking good. 
The hubs dish with lobster tail also included 11 shrimps, corn and 1 potato. 
My crab legs also came with potato and I got extra corn for additional cost. When we got the bill we noticed that they charged a 10% cleaning fee. We thought that was too much, they were using fabuloso cleaner not some antiseptic spray.. 
Def coming back.Really glad I tried this place. On par with khybers Po'Boys. Prolly in the top two best I've had around here. I only got the shrimp and oyster ones. Liked the shrimp better though.  Give em a shot!Had the blackened shrimp & catfish, wings w/ side sauces, corn pudding and gumbo. Everything was fresh and amazing, the sauces had great depth of flavor, wings crispy, everything flavorful. 
Highly recommendOMG, Cajun Heroes Seafood Boil Gumbo & Po'Boys was certainly impressive. Delicious menu items at good prices, fantastic atmosphere to unwind at. I was quite impressed with Half Poboy & Gumbo Combo, it was prepared perfectly. Great food. Team was really nice and helpful in every way possible. Love that spot! Will be back.The service was great, our waitress was extremely sweet and our food came out fast. The portion was good and overall would definitely recommend this place.Enjoyed my poor-boy combo, catfish & oysters with a cup of seafood gumbo.  And a side of Cajun fries.  My server; Peter Parker was great.  If you're a seafood lover, I suggest you give it a try.This is my new favorite spot! I'already tried their seafood broil, fried trio platter( 1 catfish, 4 shrimps, and 4 oysters), gumbo, corn bread pudding, King crab legs, and fried pickles. Everything is so good! The kids loved the fried catfish and corn bread pudding. so happy that we found a place that the whole family can enjoy!Yesterday I called this establishment before placing my order through a delivery service. I was so happy to speak with "Denise" who is awesome by assisting with dietary restrictions in such a compassionate manner. 
I eat occasional seafood, and have previously enjoyed the large fish Po' Boy. However, I am no longer able to eat items with dairy due to a sensitivity. 
Denise is great by explaining the ingredients of items and helpful with how to place an order via 3rd part delivery service but taking my dietary restrictions into consideration. One would look at the menu and think accommodations could not be made. Well, Denise and the staff have been very helpful. 
I received my delicious mussels with dry rub on the side since I am not able to eat the butter sauce. The order of fries was so large I was definitely able to share. My son loved his fish Po'Boy with extra hero sauce on the side. I would have provided a picture, but he devoured it. 
Denise and the staff made my Friday night treat from my son awesome . 
Thank youThis place is pretty good. The flavor is different from other seafood boil places I've gone to but overall it's good. The seafood gumbo is nothing to brag about. It just taste like regular gumbo, nothing special. My seafood boil was good. I had ordered escargot (delicious!), snow crab legs, clams and crawfish. Everything was really good. The crawfish was ok, but I would order it again. Ive also order the shrimp po boy sandwich to go and ate it the next day. It was just as good the next day! I would definitely return.The best New Orleans style food in Philadelphia. So happy this place just opened. I will be back very soon.We love Cajun and gumbo and so decided to try this place for delivery today. For reference it took and 1 hr and 10 minutes to arrive, food was still relatively warm. 
As a personal preference we prefer pickle chips over spears, so we were excited to see them on the menu. 
Unfortunately they were soggy and so were fries, but the rest of the seafood platter was enjoyable! 
Gumbo was missing a kick, but we prefer things spicy - It did have plenty of okra and half a blue crab. The 
Cajun rice was good, and the corn which states (2) means you'll get one piece of corn cut into 2 pieces, no flavor really. The provided sauces helped. 
My partner doesn't care to order again, but I would.Stopped through here for a quick and easy meal. Nothing fancy, but that's what I was looking for. Service is excellent! I could tell who the owner (or maybe he was the manager) was because he was on it! Thanks for a great experience.Ordered via Ubereats, before ordering I looked up the restaurant and reviews and figured why not. Price for a single blue crab is $4 which is reasonable for a male #1 or even a male #2 crab (depending). But what I got is awful, one of them literally fits in the palm of my hand AND they're all females. They are at best medium sized definitely not worth what I paid for. Won't be returning, especially when I can buy larger for less elsewhere (but they were closed at the time).Was seated fairly quickly after arriving.  Waiter was new but very attentive.  The food selections were great.  I ordered the seafood trio.  Was surprise at the amount of food and great presentation.  However the seafood was cooked in some old grease.  I would advise them to change the grease as directed by their standard operating procedures.  Food would of been great if it was cook in that greaseMy first visit here and sure will be back soon. The staff are so friendly and made me feel welcome. The seafood were all so fresh and well seasoned. My favorite was the head-on shrimp it was full of flavor. The garlic wings are a must try. It was so yummy I had to order an order to go. I definitely looking forward to my next visit to try out their seafood gumbo.I absolutely loved the crawfish. I'm a native New Orleanian and I have been craving authentic Louisiana crawfish all week. I have lived in the area for over 10 years and this the first place I have been to that got it right with out breaking the bank!If you are looking for a satisfying seafood boil this is the place to go to. Sauce was on point, service was on point, and so was the atmosphere.Everything I order from here is good. It can take a bit to receive your food as it is fresh and good quality. Well worth the wait. Their house sauce Is good. It's a nice mixture if sweet and spicy with some garlic. I usually order a bag of seafood but since surgery limited on cracking crabs. I ordered the shrimp crab fried rice and I'm more than happy. This is my go to seafood spot now. Luckily they're on ubereats.I've ordered from here a few times before and have been happy with all my orders. I've had the Heroes combo,  turkey necks, seafood gumbo, fried oyster and softshell sandwiches.  This time I ordered the lobster special and it was cooked perfectly!  The lobster meat was moist and tender.   The sauce was spicy which is how I like it and blended perfectly with the lobster. I highly recommend checking this restaurant out.Tried the Heroes platter with Cajun heroes lemon butter sauce , the sauce was fantastic , the platter was good and tasted fresh , not a ton of food for the price  but that's expected with seafood. What really annoyed was the fact that they didn't have any gloves or utensils when ordering delivery,this is a much for seafood boils. Hoping to try other items on the menu next time , really good place for seafood boils and big fan of their lemon sauce!Everyone was so kind and personable here! The food had so much flavor! The heavenly poboy sandwich is a must!!Lunch w/ 6 friends on a Sunday afternoon and I would come back. 5 of us got PoBoys - shrimp, catfish, oyster and chicken.  Large sandwich that could be split so you could try other stuff.  Really good French bread and plentiful filling.  Everyone enjoyed them.  Fried pickles and corn pudding really good.  Our New Orleans native in the group tried the gumbo, crawfish and crabs.   She is very picky and while she said not the best she's had - she did enjoy her meal.   New place so here are my suggestions: splurge on more than 3 menus - have utensils on the table in the containers so we don't have to keep asking for them when we wanted to try someone else's dish.  And the food should come out at the same time  - folks were well into their lunches before I was served my PoBoy last.  There is an upside to be had to this review.Hi all, I don't ever write a review for any business but I feel there a need to share my experience with everyone about this establishment.  I ordered a "mild" Super Hero Combo one day and was given a very spicy version of it.  I called back and asked if they can replace because two persons in my party can't handle spicy.  I however can handle very spicy food and their level is beyond my tolerance.  
They were nice enough to replace the food for me which I was super grateful.  I went back and took their original back to them and exchange it for my new order which they messed up.  Everything was great until I got home and check on my order!  They replaced my order but gave me way less of everything I ordered.  It was about 3/4 of what I would get weight wise.  Plus they filled my bag with corns and sausage.  It's not my first time ordering from there so I would know what I get in the order.  I know for a fact that It was not suppose to come with 6 pieces of corn and 6 pieces of sausage.  It was in there to just fill up the bag.  
That's very dishonest of them as a business.  First they mess up my order and then have the audacity to give me such a horrible replacement.  I rather they tell me to beat it and stick me with the order.  At least then I would get what I paid for.  I just want to share my experience regarding this dishonest business establishment with everyone.  I personally would never ever go back again.  
PS...I don't know what they did with the order I took back.  We had about two to three pieces out of the bag.  Hopefully they didn't resell it to you!  Very dishonest business establishmentHad the chicken and sausage gumbo.  Menu says "Cajun style stew w/ chicken, sausages, celery, bell peppers, onions, corn".  Well, had a couple tiny pieces of chicken, three pieces of the thinnest sliced sausage, no discernible celery, bell peppers, onions, or corn.  Loaded, and I mean LOADED with macaroni shells!  What?  Yeah, LOADED WITH MACARONI SHELLS!  I would label it macaroni soup - not even stew-like!  Taste was a thin watery, almost good gumbo flavor.  Very disappointed and feel ripped off.  Will never spend another dime in this joint.  Waiting for them to go under.Let me tell you this: you ain't going to find no gumbo like this anywhere else in this city, and that's coming from a genuine Crawfish Daddy. For true! 
I have replaced all nutrient supplements, energy drinks, and other "health" accoutrements with Cajun Heroes Boudin Balls & extra Hero Sauce. My doctor says it's "concerning," but he's always been a bit of a no-nothing tattle anyways. My Boudin Diet has me waking up strong. I feel like I could wrestle an alligator or chug a thousand Bud Lights. Don't let some Dr. Chump stand in your way of being a big-time bayou bad boy. You deserve this. 
Really my only issue with them boys at Cajun Heroes is that my wife now calls me "Fatter Ed Orgeron" when I'm ordering take-out and makes pig noises in my direction. It's hurtful, but sometimes a Crawfish Daddy gotta roll with the punches. And that, my friends, is for true.came here for dinner with some friends on a sunday night. there were plenty of seating so reservations may not be needed.
we got an order of the fried pickles, the soft shell crab platter, and orders of some crabs (king crab and snow crab clusters) and shrimp with the head off
the fried pickles were good but nothing special, the soft shell crab platter was also good but nothing special. 
the crabs though were delicious!! we got the medium spicy sauce and it was good! it's a good heat, not too much. i definitely want to come back to try the dungeness crabs and get more crabs because the sauce was so yummy!
the service was also great as well and the place was decked out in super hero decor which i thought was super cute! will def be back againI'm from Baton Rouge, La so when I say the menu I knew they knew something about Cajun cooking south Louisiana style. The shrimp poboys were great! Fried pickles! Oh I've missed you. Boudan balls were a sight for this palette, but they lacked the spice the balls are known for and the cheesy center was a surprise I wasn't over the moon about. Keep the cheese and increase the !!
I do wish friend okra was on the menu though. Miss that too. Otherwise if you want authentic NOLA Cajun cooking then I recommend you try this place!It was Amazing i got  seafood boil with the king crab and Dungeness crab cluster the best 88 dollars i spentImpressive interior decked out with comic book memorabilia in keeping with the restaurant theme. We tried the boudin balls, gumbos, king crab, mussels, fried trio, crawfish and corn pudding. All were delicious, including the sauces. Service was friendly as well; looking forward to returning to try more menu items!Got fried oyster platter, 1lb of mussels in garlic bomb sauce, corn pudding, chocolate mousse cake. I would have given a 5 star but the fries were super soggy and cold, I think mainly because they were packed hot in a closed container that didn't have good venting that ruined the crisp of the fries then probably soaked up their own moisture.
Now  the rest of the order was great! The oysters were perfectly battered and not over cooked. The boiled garlic clams were so good, right amount of sauce in the shell and slurp together, Very Delicious and right about of spicy (I got medium). Last but not least, the corn pudding off the chain sweet and savory corn flavor, we could get enough! It's as satisfying as a perfectly baked corn breadI ordered a fried shrimp po'boy for national fried shrimp day. It arrived quickly and still warm. When I unwrapped the sandwich the first thing I noticed is that it was overflowing with fried shrimp. That got me all excited as I took my first bite. But although the shrimp was very tasty the bread was a disappointment. A great sandwich needs great fresh bread. This bread was far from that standard. More of whatever sauce was on the bread probably would have helped. The shrimp was good enough to let me know a platter would have been good. But the sandwich needs the Louisiana bread and more sauce.This place is legit!!! It was so delicious and quick to be prepared for pick up. We ordered the king crab legs, shrimp, crawfish, and snow crab legs. One thing was better than the next. Ordered a variety of the sauces and dry spices and nothing disappointed. Definitely try the Capt Joe sauce. Will be ordering again to try more things from the menu. The prices are also very reasonable. Highly, highly recommend.Ordering food from Cajun Heroes was the BEST treat after a long day and only a protein bar. So many people referred me. I finally decided to order via delivery service. My food was delivered in a timely manner, it was very tasty and great portion size in sustainable packaging. I had to contact the store regarding my order and they were very personable, helpful and provided great customer service. I have finally found a good seafood establishment with great flavor and portion.Finally a Seafood restaurant on South Street where everything isn't fried!  Their Capn' Joe sauce is the bomb.  It's the perfect combination of sweet and spicy.  I had an Oyster Po-Boy and some of meatiest snow crabs legs.  It was awesome to have some beers and crabs with my friends, so close to home.BEST Cajun food + fresh crab. The ambiance is great and there is super hero art everywhere which is a plus and an awesome place to bring kids. Not only is the food a 10/10 but the service is unmatched. Franklin made our experience 100x better! He goes by "Bruce Wayne" and is the best - he gave us great recommendations and is one of the reasons we came back in the first place. Amazing food and service! It's a must try! Thank you Franklin!!Was dying of hunger when I came , I was the 1st to order the last to get my food . Service was horrible , waitress was clueless . Claimed the restaurant was new, horrible excuse for slow service and OK food.
Also, if your a vegan they don't tell
You it's meat in certain dishesI only got one of the alcoholic drink pouches here, as I'm not a big fan of seafood. I got the watermelon vodka one because my friend raves about it. It was okay but my boyfriend's hurricane drink was definitely better. I think it's more of a preference thing, and my only negative is that the drink pouches are definitely left in the freezer with seafood (duh it's a cajun seafood joint), but because of that, the drink smells fishy whenever you go to take a sip. A bit off putting but it's okay. Also they don't water the drinks down with ice which is great, but it also means you might wanna pop it in the freezer.WOW!!  I have ordered from this restaurant twice and the food is AMAZING!!  I got the Peacemaker Po' boy and it had overflowing fresh shrimp and oysters fried deliciously brown and crispy on a nice soft chewy roll. I also got the fried softshell crab Po' boy and it was excellent as well. And it had TWO whole crabs on the roll. And the prices were right in my budget. Awesome food!!  
I noticed that they will have a new spot coming to 1308 W Girard Ave which is much closer to my neighborhood. Keep the good food rolling and I'll keep coming back.Everything was great!!! I ordered chicken fried rice, crab and shrimp fried rice (fave dish) & soft shell crab & chicken finger platter - It was all yummy! I will def be coming back to get take out again.Great new spot on South st. Was a bit hesitant to walk in at first because it looks a bit dark from outside and empty but thank god I did. Very nice hostess sat us immediately and offered us a decent drink choice. The menu is very straightforward and easy to order from. We went with a variety of fried seafood and boudin balls as an ap. The boudin are crispy balls of deliciousness (made out of rice and some other good tasting things).The fried shrimp and oysters are phenomenal paired with the sauce they provide. Can not wait to come for the seafood boil next. Definite five stars!Denise was an outstanding server. It's my birthday at midnight and she went above and beyond to make it special for me. I would give her service a 10/10. The food was amazing! I am from upstate New York and am down here for the week. I can't wait to come back!Food is pretty good just to much salt in creole seasoning. They could take half out. Seafood was very fresh and King crab delicious after I rinsed the seasoning off because of salt.We went here on my sister's birthday and the food was great so we decided to go back. I really wanted some fried oysters and fries and my sister wanted the grill shrimp again. We picked up our food and walked down to Spruce Harbor Park. Imagine my surprise when I got a shrimp po boy instead of the oysters and fries I was craving. Now we had a decision to either walk all the way back to the restaurant and wait for them to prepare my food while my sister's food got cold or chalk it and just eat what they gave us. I personally didn't want to walk back so I ate the sandwich. It was tasty just not what I ordered. Oh and they didn't give us any utensils either, my sister had to get creative with her rice.Amazing! The place is super clean which is reassuring during a pandemic. Ordering was simple online and pick up was easy! I got the seafood gumbo and it was exactly what I was wanting. My boyfriend got the catfish and is regretting not ordering moreCame here last night with my husband .. it was a quiet night and there's only is in there. I wanted try out this new spot but I was really disappointed as in the favors and the freshness of the seafood. I order wing fries it was okay and now here come the crawfish and king crabs was way over cook and not fresh. The sauce that came with it was over on the sweet side which we didn't like. Overall wouldn't recommend coming back..Visited this place for th first time and was really pleased. I ordered the oyster po boy. Great portions! Fresh quality ingredients, seasoned veryyyyyy well. Being from Maryland it's really hard to find a good seafood spot or a clean seafood spot. They have proven themselves lol. I'll be back for more goodness :).This is my new favorite spot! I've already tried their seafood broil, fried trio platter( 1 catfish, 4 shrimps,4 oysters, and fries), gumbo, corn bread pudding, King crab legs, and fried pickles. Everything is so good! The kids loved the fried catfish and corn bread pudding. so happy that we found a place that the whole family can enjoy!Recently finding myself down on South Street in Philly, I passed a Cajun spot which I decided to try via take-out.  The results of that decision were mixed which I'll explain.
Cajun Heroes occupies a prime spot on South Street and is a friendly place as I discovered when I walked in.  Even the manager greeted me and later brought a complimentary iced tea because he felt I was waiting long for my take-out order.  Nice gesture.
I did begin with an old Cajun standby which I love called Boudin Balls.  They were indeed tasty as most deep fried things are to me .... but I totally wished for just a little more boudin in them to live up to their name.  I then went outside the realm of Cajun fare and ordered their Nashville Chicken,  This is usually a very hot rendition of a crisply coated southern fried chicken.  What a disappointment this was.  It was not spicy at all in my opinion and the coating came off when I took a bite and kept dropping off. The coating really needs to better adhere to the chicken. It was not at all worth the price charged. Also I was supposed to get corn pudding with my order but when I unpacked my takeout at home - I realized it wasn't there.  That was also a  disappointment.  I did discover two sauces in the bag - a Russian-style sauce and a kind of clear sweet sauce but I wasn't sure what I was to do with them.  At least I did enjoy my first iced tea of the year.
I have a feeling I would have done better if I stayed with the Cajun items but I have to rate honestly on what I ordered.  The place seemed popular so it looks like it has its fans - I'm just not one of them at this point.The place is so good! We had their crawfish, clams, sausage and escargot in the "shake it" sauce. The sauce is the best we've had out of all of the places in philly. We were actually surprised by the amount of food, which is hard to do with seafood. We liked it so much that we are thinking about ordering again for the third time this week! Everything tasted super fresh! The only thing I wouldn't order again is the sausage because it was $5 for 2, maybe 3 inch, pieces.The food and the service were awesome. This place is not expensive, which is rare for a seafood restaurant. Love itAs a Louisiana native, do not put macaroni in your gumbo and call yourself a cajun restaurant. do a little bit of research into the culture and food you are trying to impersonate.I've eaten here several times, I think almost every single time I have come to Philadelphia. Every single time I come to this restaurant, it is clean, the staff is friendly, the food is delicious, and they always do their best to make sure that my experience as a customer at this restaurant is a pleasant one. I often order the seafood boils second to the Cajun wings, & as I previously stated, the food is excellent, the restaurant has a wonderful ambiance along with great music. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting a great seafood dinner or lunch, & will be dining here again the next time I come to this city.The food is so fresh and cooked perfectly! I just love the staff. I am constantly getting to go crab legs and sandwichesWe found ourselves looking for a quick meal while on South Street and decided to stop in to get some take out. Service was slow as expected when they get extra busy. We ordered their catfish and shrimp and they were both well fried and seasoned. Both were fresh and you could tell they just came out of the fryer. We will probably call ahead with our order, but we definitely plan on being back!