Excellent margaritas, food and service. Had a late lunch here while waiting for our flight. High quality everything. Hard to believe we were in an airport restaurant. Would definitely recommend a stop here if you have the time at the airport.Blown away but the freshness and quality of this airport restaurant. Had the chicken fajita salad. Chicken was perfectly seasoned, dressed was light and delicious. Didn't sit heavy but was very filling.Great place to relax before I take off . Price is ok, unlike many restaurants at the airport . It's not authentic Mexican food . I had spinach enchilada with white saucers different . Spanish rice is el dente not my type of  rice. The tortilla for the enchiladas was also el dente. The food was pretty tasty not the usual Mexican food I am used. However my server was pleasant and nice and so was the manager. Stop by if you're close to gate 14 terminal EIt is expensive but I REALLY like it!  I've been to the one at Love Field in Dallas and the one at Philadelphia International Airport!
Service can be a little slow sometimes, when they are packed and they usually are!  
It is in an airport, do you really expect it to be cheap??  
It is GREAT food and drinks and yes it is Expensive.  They post their prices clearly, so you know what it is going to cost and I think the food and drinks are great, I really like it.Nacho's were decent. You're in Terminal E, it's here, Chickie's & Pete's, or a bunch of crappy options if you want sit down food and not to completely leave the terminal. 
You can definitely do worse with airport food.Very dry beef in my taco.. Like jerky.. I believe it might have been left over from last night.. Tomatoes wilted and with meat.. Brown edges on the lettuce.. I will not even try to describe the rice.. It was inedible... The waitress was rude, and when I asked for no cheese she looked at me as if I had three heads.. I will finish my lunch across the way at McDonald's.. Wish I could add the picture I just took.. UghExtremely average. Chicken fajitas were very good but the tortillas were relatively stale, a considerable portion of the onions were not cooked, and there were very few peppers. 
The wait staff was inattentive and this was when they were extremely slow. Too busy taking amongst themselves to care for the patrons. 
I'm giving three starts because the food taste was very good. The problem was that it was not hot and fresh and slightly undercooked.Unbelievably rude bartender.  Sat down and waited for a few minutes.  She came over and said "What can I get you?".  It looked liked they had a pretty good selection of spirits....so I said "I'll take a Moscow Mule".  She rudely chuckled and said "No" in a very condescending voice then just walked away.  I was pretty floored by her rudeness.  A simple "I'm sorry but we don't have (fill in the blank) required to make a Moscow Mule, can I get you anything else?" would have sufficed.  I guess when you have a captive audience i.e customers stuck at the airport and wanting a simple drink some people think they can be that way.
She came by again about a minute later and said "Can I get you anything else?" To which I responded No and just walked away.
Walked down to Chickie's and Pete's.  Tonya was the bartender/server.  It was like night and day.  She was SO hospitable and talkative and the extreme opposite of that troglodyte at Cantina Laredo.
There are good people in this world and then there are those that just don't get it.  All it takes is a little kindness with a smile.  Leave you stinky attitude at home if you don't want to be a decent human being.Made the mistake of ordering a vegetable wrap during the breakfast/lunch cross-over and the staff were counting the cash register drawers.  I waited for 15 minutes (which I realize is not long, but at the airport it is an eternity when catching a flight!) The wrap was terrible...lettuce not fresh, some kind of sliced 'cheddar' cheese, which I did not want, looked oily smelled weird.  If you make it this far in the terminal, turn around and go back!!I should have read the reviews beforehand and skipped this place. 
The good: the waitress was nice and attentive. The salsa was also great.
The so-so: Rice and beans were acceptable but certainly not noteworthy.
The bad: 
* The beer on tap was either not very cold or my glass was hot from the washer before it was filled. 
* I ordered the chicken enchiladas, which consisted solely of boiled/cooked chicken wrapped in a flour tortilla. Usually an enchilada has some cheese it it or something. It was bland and tasteless, as well as a bit dry. I drenched it in salsa to make it passable. 
Bottom line: Currito Burrito is like a gourmet restaurant in comparison. I'd go there, Earl of Sandwich, McDonalds, or someplace else next time.Ordered chicken enchiladas and the chicken inside the enchilada had pieces of bone in them. Stale beans probably reheated and served on the plate. Only edible thing on the table were tortilla chips with salsa. Service was pretty good. Wouldn't recommend coming here for food.At PHL? Head to terminal E and take a seat at Cantina Laredo's bar. The staff runs like a well oiled machine, drinks are quenching, and food is delicious. Ready for take off!It's convenient. It has alcohol and seating. Those are the pros. 
Lacking flavor, spice or originality this place dumps cheese sauce with that would make a nacho peddler at a minor league ballpark envious. Salt must be the only spice they cook with.
There's plenty of better Mexican food. But where else can you goI've been twice on my way through Philly, because I like margaritas and my 2 yr old daughter loves guacamole. I'm not sure what is going on at this place, but it is slow and unreliable. We waited over 5 minutes with 3 other groups just to be noticed for seating... Then the manager came over, but he seemed utterly useless until the waitress told him where to seat us. The margaritas were good as always, but I ordered the enchiladas and the sauce tasted like spaghetti sauce... it took an hour and half to order, receive our meal, immediately ask for check, and pay... way too long for an airport meal... I'm just glad we had the time.
And I did not get the impression this was unusual based on the service I saw others receive. The waitresses seemed to be working hard and trying to keep people happy, but the kitchen and manager clearly need some work.
Not sure I will be back even if it does mean skipping a margarita before my flight.We didn't try any of the food, so keep that in mind for this review. I think that's where everyone's gone wrong. If anything, grab McD's across the way and then order your margaritas to wash it down.
Ordered two margaritas while we were waiting for our flight to board. At $8 a pop, not particularly expensive. We were quite surprised since we were at the airport. They're sweet, and you can't really taste the booze. Knock back a few, and your flight or the wait will seem much shorter!I stopped here when catching an early flight out. I did take out but the dining area looked to be nice and relaxing. The guy taking orders didn't do a great job making this review so hard for me. They had probably the tastiest bacon I've ever had. However for taking orders at an airport when people are probably in a rush situation most of the time they failed.
I ordered bacon egg and cheese with a coffee. 
The girl after me ordered a sausage egg and cheese. 
When the food came it was a sausage egg and cheese with potatoes (which she didn't want) and my sandwich. No coffee. They came over to explain I got the platter and switched our sandwiches but still no coffee. 
The sand which was sooo good, but not worth the stress and confusion when starting out a trio.First let me say the server was very good. The comp salsa and chips were also good. The food my wife and I received was terrible. The enchilada tasted either over heated or microwaved. The rice and veggies were extremely salty. The margarita was decent. I would go back only for a drink.Airport restaurants and bars don't need to always have the best of food because they have a captive audience.  However, the one and only requirement of a restaurant bar/restaurant is that they are fast and efficient.  People have planes to catch and missing a plane because you can't get the bartender's attention to get your bill is terrible.  I fly out of Philly often, and unfortunately, given the airport's penchant for delays I end up spending a lot of time here and have determined that every employee I have seen spends too much time on things that do not matter and does not think about how to improve customer satisfaction.  The food is ok, the drinks are ok, everything just takes forever, from getting seated, to getting a glass of water, to getting the waitress or bartender's attention, to getting your drink, to getting the waitresses attention to ask for your bill, to paying your bill (pro tip: bring cash, so you don't have to wait for them to run a credit card or ask for change).  In general, only go if you have to wait for a flight out of the end of the E terminal.  Otherwise, go to Chickie & Pete's, or a different terminal.I know I'm in an airport, but you can do better, can't you Cantina Laredo?  The food is not great.  Good thing they don't make the beer... that was the only think worth the money I spent.I walked in and sat at the bar.  Service took forever, and it is super expensive.  A salad was 13 bucks.  The pint glasses are oversized so I was not sure actually how much I was drinking, and I had to stare at the manager to get a second.  I also had to ask for chips and salsa, which seemed to be brought out automatically to others.  When I was ready to pay my tab, I had to again stare the bartenders down, mainly because the two of them were arguing with their manager about how they had cleaned behind the wine fridge.  While I was waiting, I fished an antiqued lime wedge out from the bar mat in front of me, hoping they would notice this time...so frustrating.  After paying my tab, I waited five minutes, hoping to flag down the manager to share my observations, but, surprise, I could not catch her eye.You're in an airport. You are hungry. Do you:
A) Stock up on a combination of peanut butter crackers, pretzels, and chocolate from the newsstand. 
B) Eat mediocre fast food at jacked up prices at Burger King, Sbarro, or any of the various faux-Asian spots. 
C) Find the closest thing you can to real food. 
If your answer is C, and you're flying Southwest (or anywhere out of E terminal), you're going to eat at Cantina Laredo. It is your option. Accept it. It really isn't a bad option. The tortilla chips and salsa are free and delicious - they are not crappy bagged tortilla chips. They provide nutrition information on the menu and it is actually possible to find something relatively healthy to eat, as long as you are willing to leave half of the food on your plate. Service has generally been OK, although not particularly speedy - which can get a little stressful if you're squeezing in dinner before a flight. Overall, if I weren't trapped in the airport I probably wouldn't eat here - but considering they have a captive audience, they do a good job.OK, it's food you get in the airport so you gotta tone down your expectations. The food was excessively bland. The chicken in my enchilada had literally no seasoning at all, just poached, shredded chicken in a store bought tortilla with a bit of bland sauce drizzled over the top.
That said: the service was actually fantastic, the guy was super attentive and friendly, probably the best service I ever received from an airport restaurant.
As far as a place to kill a couple hours waiting for a flight, this was a great place to get a couple beers and watch the football game. If you want food.... it's passable at best.Food was luke warm and the staff find snacking more important than taking care of their customers. Completely dissapointed.Worst experience ever!  First we sat and waited 20 minutes with no service and no water.  Then the waitress brought me the wrong meal.  My husband are by himself while I watched.  When my food finally arrived (the right food), it was COLD...  The chicken was cold and cheese wasn't melted.  My server said the manager would come over.  No manager.  I opted the third time for a salad, hopefully they can't mess that up.  The manager never came.  Then finally the manager comes over and walks past our table and says hi to the lady behind us.  My husband tried to flag him and failed.  So we ask our server to get the manager.  He said oh he didn't come talk to you.  I said no.  So he goes in the back and the manager walks out the restaurant.  What a JOKE!!!  Never again!!!  What a waste of $70....  No service and food cold!!!  Gross!Food here was not good - at least for breakfast. Had Huevos Rancheros. Would definitely never have that here again.  Not sure if I should say the service was bad or just non-existent.They work in an airport and manage to make an already hectic day worse. Slow service, rude little bartender, attitude ridden manager... They close up at 10pm. I ordered a beer at 20 of and the tiny bartender just looks at me. Managers walked out half a minute later, and she whispers that I ordered a beer. He looks around at the 5 other people sitting at the bar and say "Well.., this is it! Didn't you call last call?!" She says "Well yeah, but I didn't announce it." (What?) the he walks off and she tells me "I'm sorry, we already called last call" I was standing right there the whole time... Could you get a clue.. People are at the airport with delayed flights trying to get home or to wherever they're headed and you have the nerve to provide service like that..Nice lil Pre-flight stop...usually my go to spot for a bit of tequila before I take off. Was a little disappointed today as they were out of herrurdura reposado...uhhh. so I went with a gin cocktail, good but not really what I wanted.  
Just snacked on some chips and salsa (very salty, but was okay with sweet drinks).
Girlfriend got the mango margarita, tasted very good just a lil too sweet for me.
We ate before we left so we didn't get food today,  but I've eaten here before and it was pretty good. Definitely a nice little Pre-flight stop in if you have some time.Gourmet should drive good service. Unfortunately, service was very disappointing. I don't mind paying for good food, as long as the experience is good...I hate having to wait. I had to ask for water and silverware.Shitty food, even shittier service. Bartender was flustered with about a quarter capacity of customers, forgot I ordered a water with my wine, didn't get the chips and salsa I ordered, made no eye contact, no smiling, and when the woman across from me asked for water, she pointed at me and said "there's your water over there"... Then a woman sat down next to me who had been stuck sitting on the tarmac on a plane for 5 hours and just wanted a margarita and some food. The bartender gives her a merlot and never takes a food order. She paid for the $9 glass of wine, left a dollar tip and only drank half because, well, merlot is not a fucking margarita, then she ran off to Au Bon Pain to get dinner.
You work at the only airport bar within 10 gates of the only Southwest gates actually utilized. You should get used to working in high pressure, quick environments. Also, maybe learn some manners.A Mexican Restaurant serving food and Modelo steps away from my gate? Freakin' fantastic!! Honestly, the food was just OK. The servers all seemed a bit stressed out and I can't say anyone was overly friendly. However, we just found out our flight was delayed several hours and we, therefore, were not in the best of moods. -But, nothing chips, salsa, tacos and beer can't fix! I'm from Chicago, the home of all Mexicans (well, many anyway) so I have real, authentic and delicious Mexican food at my disposal each and every day. Served by actual Mexicans (I did not see ONE Mexican in Philly -what's up with that?? ;0). So this food is like Pepe's...if you guys have that in Philly. Americanized Mexican. But again, who cares? We washed it down with real Mexican beer so we were happy campers. Pretty good salsa on the chips, though!!Beer is good.   Food is pure crap.   I ordered enchiladas and it come out with cream sauce.  Really cream sauce? Someone in the back really need to visit Mexico before calling his/her cooking Mexican food.   Never go there again.Food not bad, service is terrible, and I was given an attitude when I asked for more coffee after she told us she would bring it 10 minutes ago. I'm really nice and that's not necessary.Worst service ever. The day after Christmas and they have one bartender on duty and 3 servers. Servers are all lazing around and bartender is running his ass off...not communicating to me "hey just one second..." or anything to let me feel taken care of despite him being clearly busy. Just totally ignoring me. And when I say busy...it's busy but certainly not a full bar. Maybe 13 people at a bar that fits 25. All the guests are waiting for their flights so nobody is in a hurry...just the bartender running around catching up on side work, ext...maybe it's shift change but still....communicate to me so I don't feel stranded and servers should help you. 
Ordered guacamole...didn't come. Asked a server, who was doing nothing, about it...bartender hadn't put it in. I used to work at a different Cantina and know how the top shelf guac is supposed to be presented as well as other standards of service....nothing was done right. Nobody on his team was helping him. I feel bad for the bartender really....all of it was just baaaad.
Also, when I asked for the manager, he was sitting in the booth directly behind me. I assumed he was just another patron, lounging around. If part of your team calls out, then it's the managers responsibility to lift the heavy weight and help. He was doing absolutely nothing to help his team. If I'm paying top dollar, I want top service.Gross! I stopped by waiting for my flight. I liked the chips and salsa. You're paying airport prices, so they weren't unexpected. I got a cup of queso and asked for some corn tortillas. The corn tortillas tasted like paper and were just wrong. yuck. The queso was this lumpy consistency and tasted worse than when I make the velveeta and rotel for a party. Heck, I like the velveeta and rotel, I just don't know what this is. The waitress was friendly...called me "love"..
I'll hit up chickies and petes next time, no wonder their line is long and this place was pretty empty.Just terrible. Service was not present. Raw potatoes. Tried to charge me for the only bread they had available. Coffee made me want to be a tea drinker. Had to keep waving over the server. Had to keep asking for things. Had to ask for the check and then run to the counter to pay because guess what? This is an airport and i have a flight to catch. Clueless! dont go. Mcdonalds is right across the hall and they have to be betterI think $18 is very expensive for a few scrambled eggs with tabasco sauce and 4 cups of coffee.
At 6am they did not have any huevos Rancheros to make them Mexican style.....AND that was the best they could do....
that was without the tip, twoThere aren't a lot of options for breakfast in Philly airport. I opted to try this place instead of grabbing McDonald's or Dunkin Donuts. Got a basic breakfast sandwich - sausage, egg, and cheese on an English muffin. Came with coffee and some home fries. 
It was good. Nothing special, and none of their unique breakfast dishes really appealed to me (juevos rancheros etc). But it was solid and I will probably do it again if I'm in the same situation.Excellent quesadillas, warm fresh chips and tasty salsa. Meme was a delight. Perfect choice, reasonable prices, great atmosphere. Will definitely return if we're in this terminal again.Being from SoCal where there are loads of amazing Mexican Restaurants, I was hesitant to come here, then had low expectations. However, I was very impressed!!! Some of the best airport food I've ever had. The salsa wasn't very flavorful, but the Margaritas were fantastic. I had the chipotle chicken, which was a perfectly grilled chicken breast, with an excellent chipotle sauce, and fresh!!!! green beans.This was in the Philly airport, i had 3 very large beers and that was it.  So I'm a fan because they were large beers (more than a pint).  I'll try the food at the Chicago restaurant and let you know.The Margarita was awesome, the food was ok airport food, good customer service. They gave some nachos it's complementary.Not bad at all. I was put off seeing the 2.5 star rating. But then I noticed ALL the restaurants in concourse were getting 2.5. 
I think it comes along with airport stress levels. The 1 star reviews I saw are mostly for poor service.
Well here I got the chicken fajitas and they were OK+. Decent tasting chicken, some pieces a little dry but some moist. The fixins were fine too. My wife got spinach enchilada which was mild but otherwise OK. She said her margarita was OK. And you can't ruin a Dos Equis. Service was friendly and attentive on a light Sunday dinner. I asked for and got a table with electrical outlet.
So I'm going 4 stars to counterbalance some of the grumpy 1 stars.One word "sucky service." I don't want to pay $10 for a bud light to get your wifi key. Its 2014... open up your wifi dummies.Stopped here for a quick drink before my flight since lucky me my gate was right next door, I had a mango margarita and it was so tasty and refreshing!! The service was quick and friendly and I also saw the offered tequila flights! If I'm ever back ill try the food next time!!Sun. afternoon, 2/28. i have no idea how the food is. I walked up and waited for 5 mins next to the "wait to be seated sign,".When the bartender showed no interest in helping me, Iwalked up to the bar.  I found a spot at the bar between 2 uncleared spaces. The bartender did not speak to be until I (finally) said "excuse me"  she gave me a menu and walked away into the back. As I was packing my things to leave 3 mins later, the manager walked out and asked if she could help me. At that point, no.  I looked at the other 4 patrons and walked away.Greasy food. Slow service. Plastic silverware. There was some funky dark substance on my fruit cup--guacamole,  perhaps?Electric outlets all along the bar! Very friendly and accommodating staff. The food was average - about fifteen options, and a few items that aren't just your run-of-the-milk Mexican. I had a spinach enchilada that was pretty good.You're at the far end of Terminal E so you're likely flying SouthWest or AirTran.  You find yourself in desperate need of sustenance and/or an adult libation.  You're expectations are low. You are staring right at the MickyD's but they just aren't going to cut it. 
You decide to give these folks a try.  Good choice!  You'll get Americanized Mexican food served hot and in decent portions.  The drinks here are especially strong.  You'll pay airport prices but unless your IQ is the same as your shoe size you expected that.  You'll have a solid three star experience that gets the job done.Not normally in e terminal but had time before my flight I thought would have seat and have lunch.
Not what I  expected!! The service was just ok waited about 8 minutes to take and prefer. I ordered the chicken Enchiladas not good at all. The tortillas were stale and had to put them aside. I just ate the chicken beans and rice together. 
Nothing fresh all  processed foods
Won't be backFriendly staff.  Good kid's menu.  They have grilled cheese, quesadillas and chicken fingers.  Kids were happy.
Adults are enchiladas.  They were ok.  
But, you can sit in peace.  There's ice water.  I don't need much.  I'm happy.Paid $11 with an airline discount for a scrawny lil egg n cheese burrito! When I brought it to the managers attention, I got the "oh well" attitude! Never again! Stay away from this joint!As usual, I agree with Steven B. word for word.
We were flying Southwest and in dire need of sustenance - and NOT fast food if at all possible.
My husband has a decidedly 2 star beef fajita salad - but my Enchiladas were actuallly good!  So pleased.  So surprised.
This will be where we drop our $40 on crappy airport food from now on.  Not so crappy.I love the Cantina Laredo franchise. That said, this airport location is a far cry from the great experience you can have at their standalone restaurant in Chicago. The food was mediocre at best, and took a while to get. If you want real Mexican food in an airport you need to go to O'Hare!I enjoyed this place.  I especially like that they take it serious.  It's not just a place to grab something to eat at the airport.   Our server was very attentive.
What I didn't like, was the d!ckhead manager who came over grinning to ask if everything was ok and if he could get us anything.  My husband asked for a sprite.  The manager then interrupted our waiter (who was taking another table's order) and told him we needed a drink.  He then went off to hang at the bar, grab a drink and go back to the kitchen. Our server did come back w/ the drink a few minutes later...but um, he asked what HE could get us.
Whatever, on to the food.  I had an appetizer as my meal, which I couldn't finish.  Chicken fajita quesadillas.  It came w/ sour cream and quac...ummmm.  I am not sure if it was slightly burned or chargrilled, but it was good. LOL  I ate half and finished the rest on the plane.
Hubs had chicken tacos and black beans, which he devoured.  Oh, and chips and salsa came out before we ordered.Greasy mess. Didn't eat much and they offered no customer service to rectify. Also slow and coffee weak. Sad start to my travelingIt's an airport bar,drink was un point, tasty done bu by a mixologist. Regarding the food it's was just ok nothing to be crazy of.Don't go there! The only reason I'm giving this place 1 star is because of the nice hostess and our nice waitress. We ordered beef el carbon tacos which was dry, bitter and "cooked to death". Beef was also sliced the wrong way (if you cook, you'd know what I mean) so its super tough and chewy, left a burnt bitter taste in my mouth). Rice that came on the plate tasted like box rice and black beans were canned, although they have fresh avocado.  We also ordered chicken enchilada... which had dry, tasteless chicken with liquidy, runny cheese we couldn't identify. The only thing that tasted decent on that plate was the guacamole.  The manager never came around to talk to any table....even when I was looking at him or looking for my waitress...he (the guy with beard) didn't respond. Will not go back there...would much rather have McDonalds across the aisle next time (even though I do not like McDonald's...at least they won't burn the meat and won't cost $18 a plate). I wasn't in the mood to talk to that manager today so I'm just gonna yelp my experience....save yourself some money and heartache and go somewhere else...unless you want just a couple beers (don't think you can go wrong with that)...their chips were thin & crunchy and their salsa was so-so.We had 1 drink at the bar and when we asked to pay the bill, the bartender accidentally overcharged us. She needed the manager to override the charges but she was nowhere to be found. After 20+ minutes, we told the bartender we had to board our flight and she tossed us our credit cards with an attitude and said she would void the bill. We went to board our flight and the manager showed up 10 minutes later as we were boarding the flight to say we had to come back to the restaurant to run our cards again. We were in shock and explained what the bartender told us and she proceeded to tell us we were "making the bartender pay for our meal" and that we were "not inconvenienced at all, just impatient". We were so appalled by the scene that we will never go back to this establishment again.I gave them one star because the beer was cold. Service was terrible. I sat at the bar and even with two bartenders and only 3 others at the bar it still took 10 minutes to get someone's attention. I had to ask for chips and salsa (the salsa was awful) but they did provide it to other customers without a request. Not sure why???  Had the chicken enchiladas. Enchiladas were cold, the chicken was hella dry and the dough was undercooked. I was able to tolerate the rice but that's about it. Won't do this place again if I'm ever at PHL and don't recommend it to others...except to get a cold beer with a long wait that is.I had the two chicken borritos and chicken taco plate.  The borritos contained Tender chicken, wrapped with a little sauce on top.  The chicken in the taco was grilled with some sauce inside and rolled up.   A healthy scoop of guacamole was provided as part of the meal.  A nice touch, since it is usually an up charge. 
It is nice to see mexican restaurants that dont smother everything in sauce and cheese.    Simple good food.  
I like this place and if I am ever back that way, I will stop in.Second time here, it's near my gate. They now removed the sodium content off the menu. Having a draft and it is $8.10 total. The bartender offered chips and salsa, good and the salsa has a BIG kick and damn, it is salty. Hmmm, I see I need to ask for a napkin.Talk about terrible service. On a very slow day, only about three tables...I waited for 15 minutes to place an order. Upon placing my order I recieved the vegetable wrap with produce that was well below average quality. 9 bucks for brown avocados and white tomatoes. On top of that, a glass of tap water was the same price as glass bottled water. Talk about cheap terrible service. Take your money somewhere else.One word- awful! You're better off eating at Mickey D across the way (or starving on your flight). Calorie counts are posted on the menu offerings which really doesn't help the place. Not that I'm deluding myself into believing that Mexican food is healthy eatings, but I felt guilty even ordering a salad here. If you are desperate for something other than a Big Mac, the guac prepared table side was decent. Skip everything else including the margaritas (ahh who thought I would ever advocate skipping booze)..The service needs a lot of help. I know it's the airport but there is a lot of money to be made. Who starts the day without having the breakfast potatoes when it's served with every entree. This has always been our go to before our flight.. I guess it's time for a change.Blech!  Ridiculous wait just to place an order.  Got their southwest wrap & threw most of it away. Really wish the Philly airport had more options since I always seem to be flying back at dinner time.I should not have expected much from an airport restaurant. Thank goodness I had time to kill. The food took way too long. I had a cheese enchilada, chicken enchilada and beef taco. The chicken had no flavor and tasted like it was boiled. The beef taco tasted like the meat was microwaved and the beans were terrible too. Chips and salsa were mediocre at best. It took 20+ min after my meal to get a check. Save your time and money and go the McDs across the way.Below average airport food. Tortilla soup was cold and way too much chicken. The salad had burnt chicken. Wish I got a sandwich somewhere...Left my credit card in a rush to make my plane. Instantly stolen and used. Highly recommend Chase Mastercard... they caught the fraud immediately. My advice, though, is to be very careful with your credit cards around these thieves. And the food was acceptable... that's all.I just left this place after my breakfast .Really horrible service.The girls behind the counter were talking among themselves (looked like passing comments on me).I ordered scrambled egg and before even completing the order I wanted to change it to boiled egg and the girl was like they can't change since it's already typed in the system.I myself have worked in hotels and restaurants so I know how these work!Everything on the menu has thousands of mg of sodium! -The Tacos Al Carbon has 8050! I won't be eating here, no way. Traveling to the West and that sodium would do me in at my high altitude destination. McDonald's is improbably lower and its right nearby.            Their electrical is burning up my phone and charger! Light beer draft is $8.10/glass.  I think it is standard for a beer at an airport.Early morning deliciousness! Slammin herradra margarita at 7:00am! Lovin it! Coulda used some chips n salsa with it but a the steak and eggs hit the spot never the less! Almost make flying frontier worth it, see ya next time CL!This place was pretty vibey while we waited on our flight. The server was so helpful and super sweet. The food: I'm not the biggest fan of their queso with meat in it. The meat wasn't drained from its grease, so we had a corner of grease in the bowl. However, the quesadillas are really good. I believe I liked the chicken better than steak which is rare for me. But overall, I liked the service.Made a quick pit stop here for a drink on the way to Vegas! I can't really speak for the food, but the drink selection and service were fantastic! Christina, our server, was top notch. Personable, friendly, smiling! Why can't all bartenders be like her ;-)Good food, fast delivery once ordered. Order a Yuengling and relax. It's a good atmosphere, friendly staff, and apparently the margarita's are on point.Got a yogurt granola raspberry parfait from the to go counter for a bit under 5 dollars. It had too much added sugar for my liking. The Turkish woman working at the counter was very nice and courteous. The mexican food served in the dining area looks potentially inviting, but no opinion on that yetStopped in for breakfast before an early morning flight out if the E gate area...
At 6am, there were only about 4 tables occupied, and I was seated right away, with coffee a second later.
I had the Migas Con Huevos, which was actually quite good, for an East Coast chain Mexican restaurant. Better than I expected.
The service was great and the price for airport was real good.
My really only complaint was the 1st cup of coffee.. old & burnt tasting, but me server promptly brought me a fresh cup which was very good.For Philadelphia Airport, it's as good as you'll probably get. Not sure why this huge airport has such limited selection of decent restaurants, but Cantina Laredo is your typical Tex-Mex food, tacos, fajitas, enchiladas , guac, etc.  There's a full bar for you when you have a 3 hour delayed flight....You'd be better off consuming nothing pre-flight than you would be if you came here, at least you don't have to waste money on the former.
I had time to kill before my flight, maybe too much. This was the only place that wasn't absolutely packed and now I understand why. The short, male bartender/server looked genuinely annoyed that I had walked up to the "Please Wait to be Seated" sign (where I waited for more than a few minutes, not sure whether I was actually supposed to seat myself or not.
I was actually hesitant to tell him that I only wanted drinks. I could tell that my patronage was already worth less in dollars and therefore less important than the parties coming in to eat dinner. Lord have mercy on my soul.
Well, in an hour and a half I'd managed to consume ONE beer. Not because I'm trying to pace myself, but because it's literally impossible for me to track down a server. They all look too busy to deal with anyone, yet me (and others around me) are complaining about the slow service.
Don't waste your time and money here.I walked into this restaurant hoping to get a decent Bloody Mary and breakfast. I got neither. Extremely bland drink without seasoning or garnish. I was offered no menu. After 10 minutes, I got the bartender's eye and paid for my full drink. Awful.Doesn't even deserve 1 star.  Very disappointing for this chain.  In the late 90s this was one of TX best. Over time with growth and menu changes not nearly the same but still a decent chain especially for Philadelphia which has minimal Mex.  Had 35min before boarding just enough Time for a margarita and App.  Ordered the signature margarita it was horrible. Bland. Barely any salt and my guess missing the Cointreau by color.  Took so long for bartender to service our side, I opted to drink it and not complain hoping tastes better with food. Ordered chips and Queso dip as was concerned entree would take to long.  After 15min the bartender comes by and asks if I need anything. I replied my Queso would be great. She never went to kitchen instead was overly friendly with 4 male customers.  10more min no food.  My check laying on bar states charge for.  Left paying only for drink which I left half full as it was undrinkable.  Someone else would have dashed. Wanted to but being service industry for years I paid for drink only even left a very small tip and grabbed manager way out.  Over 20min for chips & cheese is bullshit.  
Airport restaurants are challenging but if your staff cannot handle the volume find new.