I've eaten here a few times and the food was mediocre. Cucumber jalape침o margarita is amazing though I must say. But tonight my friends and I had the worst experience. We came with a party of 10 and was told that in an hour we would be seated which we were fine with. We hung by the bar and ordered drinks happily. After an hour we asked if our table was ready when they told us yes we have you at two different tables across the room from each other. Since we all wanted to sit together as a last night together before our friend moved, we decided to squeeze all at one table. The staff was so annoyed at the fact we all wanted to sit at one table that no busboy or server came over to our table after 30 minutes of sitting there. We asked multiple servers and hosts to send our server over but nothing. When we finally decided to get up and talk to the hostess she was so rude that we all decided it was time to leave. Sad to say that as locals we will have to take our business to a friendlier and more accommodating restaurant.What's better than getting your drink on starting at noon-thirty on a sunny Friday afternoon?  Getting your drink on starting at noon-thirty on a sunny Friday afternoon... outside!
While it's not plentiful, there's seating on the sidewalk in front of Cantina Dos Segundos.  And given that it was midday on a Friday, that not-plentiful seating was plenty enough for us to wash down some enjoyable munchies with a whole pitcher of blood orange margaritas (on the rocks, of course).
They don't screw around with the margaritas here.  It may sound frou-frou, but our blood orange margaritas were not light on the tequila.  Plus, we each had our own little plate of rimming salt (or rimming sugar, as the case may be) for handy personalized re-application between drinks.
Oh.  That's how our meal -started-.  It ended with two "specials" - a.k.a. "especi치ls:" a can of Tecate and a shot of tequila.  Needless to say, after three glasses of margarita, this seemed like a good idea.  And when our server decided that he wanted in on the fun that we were obviously having without him, he decided that he wanted in on another round of tequila shots with us.  That -also- seemed like a good idea at the time.  In retrospect, this may have been detrimental to my overall productivity for the remainder of the afternoon - just don't tell the higher-ups!
Outside of unnecessary amounts of alcohol, my salad mixta was solid.  It didn't look like much but a pile of lettuce, but once you dig down past that, it's chock full of fresh goodness, including creamy avocado, tender hearts of palm, and tangy slices of citrus fruit.
...And the boy's room is sexy.  Not in a dirty sort of way.  It reminded me a little bit of the bathrooms at the old Patois in Brooklyn.  Down a set of stairs and down a corridor, the light in there is covered with what appears to be custom sheet metal with little star cut-outs.  The scented candles above the sink add to the sexiness.
I'd be willing to return.  Bring on the 'ritas!I love the vegan fajitas.  They are a huge portion with enough to lunch the next day, and they fill it up with roasted veggies, smoked tofu, and grilled seitan.  They usually have a vegan special too.  
My only complaint is that its usually too noisy.For some reason I always neglect this place even though I walk by it every singe day of my life coming home from work.  Anyway, me and the babe decided to do brunch on Sunday morning after I read all the mostly decent reviews.  Unfortunately brunch does not start until 11 a.m. so we pretend slept until 10:30 to quiet the hunger rumbles from our stomachs. 
Got there and were seated immediately by a very friendly waitress.  She talked me into getting the bloody maria which is an AMAZING bloody mary just made with tequila. I ended up getting three because it was so good and refreshing.  Our meals were freaking fab.  My bf got some type of sopes with bacon egg, hollandaise sauce and I got the obnoxious breakfast burrito.  The eggs were fluffly, the rice, beans, salsa and cheese  were just perfection but also totally gross and my stomach said wtf are you doing.
Definitely hit up this place for an awesome laid back brunch.  We were both so satisfied.  I should mention that we went back and immediately fell back to sleep for three hours due to hangover, too much food, etc.  But thank you Dos Segundos for the best bloody Mary I have had in the past three months, and that is saying a lot.Vegan beef nachos were amazing and I'm not even a vegetarian! The margaritas are amazing -- everything's amazing. Come wearing loose clothing!Third favorite Mexican restaurant in the city. I always end up eating too much but I have no regrets.I've been here twice. The first time, the food was great and the service was awesome. The second time, the food was great and the service was poor. Common denominator = great food. 
The salsas have depth, but I wish they were a little chunkier. The vegetarian veggie tacos are fresh and good but will leave you hungry- even if you add the cheese and some pricey chunks of avocado. The tempeh bacon is smoky and sweet, but it's tempehness still can't be masked- so no trying to trick your carnivore bf into thinking it's real. The vegetarian bean tacos I had at dinner were really delicious and filling. They were stuffed with tasty Mexican rice, flavorful whole beans, and salty cotija cheese and topped with some fresh lettuce and tomato that gave them some crispness. Their corn tortillas don't seem homemade, but they get away with it when the filling is that good.
When we went, they had a special mahi-mahi fish taco. I was skeptical seeing that it was rolled in a flour tortilla and I'm partial to corn tortillas, but they were delicious- just a little spicy, a little creamy, a little crispy, and a lot fresh tasting. Not your standard fish taco but one worth trying.
If the service were more consistent, I would give it one more star.Quality spot for tex/mex.  It can't compete with Distrito or Taqueria Veracruzana, but its a solid pick for a cheap night out.  Young crowd, good service, and big drink selection is a plus.This restaurant offered some very interesting (and very tasty) menu options - ones I've never seen at any Mexican restaurant! Also, their cucumber margarita's are amazing!!Came here on Labor Day and the bartender Althea was great. I was surprise to see a nice chill crowd on a holiday. Food came out fast as well. Would def come here again.Food, drinks and service were amazing. Wesley was our server and he was awesome. We will definitely be visiting again soon and requesting Wesley as our server!Amazing vegetarian and vegan options. Blood orange margueritas are amazing! Seitan wings and nachos with vegan beef are my favorite two appetizers. So many great choice for dinner too. Service was fast, so fast in fact that apps and dinner arrived at the same time. Nice, friendly staff and finding close parking in March wasn't hard at all!Mahi mahi tacos good good, and I really recommend the guava mojito 
I love the guava!I had a good meal at Cantina Dos Segundos - the fish tacos were delicious and my margarita was great as well. It's a bit noisy so it is not the best place to go for a quiet dinner, but a good for casual food or just drinks.Never had a chimichanga, it's pretty good here yummy. Definitely recommend frozen margaritas over margaritas on the rocks. (There's more alcohol in them). Service was pretty fast for a Saturday night with a line out the door.Good spot with a decent beer selection.  The drinks aren't bad.  Did not have any food so cannot comment on that.  I was here with a group to get drunk for a birthday evening.  It worked out well and we were serviced well by the staff.  if you are in the area and you wanna get smashed somewhere, then this is your spot.  
By the way, they have a jukebox that place older tunes.  Was actually a great piece that complemented the tunes of yore.  Nice touch to the spot.I went in here today with a few friends. The service was excellent and the watermelon mojitos that our waiter mark recommended were a hit among us. The food was good and prices were fair.This place was so amazing. I went with two friends for dinner. The ambiance was really nice. Their outdoor patio looked amazing but was full, looked like the best seats in the house. The music was great and the food...fantastic. Even the bathrooms were clean, which is a big deal for me! My fellow vegans, they have a great selection of vegan options. You get complementary chips and salsa.  This restaurant looks like a great place for late night drinks, but the drinks were really pricey. I got a 6oz drink for $12, and that was an average priced drink. If they have happy hour, which I didn't notice if they did, I would definitely come back and bring more friends.I really liked this place and thought the food was excellent however I don't understand why its so expensive and why they are not flexible on the menu. 
For one mexican food should be cheap, I was pretty surprised when I came here and saw the prices of the speciality items especially the enchiladas (I think they were approximately 18.00) Sorry thats way too much for enchiladas. 
I ordered the 3 taco special but couldn't mix and match meats. They have so many options such as goat, lamb, beef, steak, chicken, carnitas but when you order the 3 tacos you're relegated to one selection of meat. I understand that it may be difficult to prepare the tacos with 3 different meats, its just disappointing that you can't do it.Food is decent but I honestly only come here out of necessity as it's one of the few places open late in my neighborhood on days my boyfriend works late and needs to eat after 9-10. The only times we have a good experience are when we don't have this one guy as our server (pretty sure his name is David) but unfortunately it seems like he works that shift often. If you're a group of girls he'll make sure to pay loads of attention to you and even sit at your table to flirt, but if not then be prepared to have him disappear for endless periods of time. 90% of the time we have to ask him for the chips and salsa (which other servers bring out right away), and have to ask him for water and for water refills. He forgets if he already took your order, brings you another table's check instead of your own, the list goes on. Sometimes we even walk past and try to see if he's working, and we go somewhere else if we see that he is.Love it here! Good drinks, pretty good service and from everything I've tasted really good food too. Definitely try the beef empanadas, nachos, tacos, chimichangas... mm I could go on and on.  
Only complaint... brunch.  I was so excited for their brunch, but it definitely fell short. The bacon is the oddest and quite gross. You almost have to try it to see what I mean.  Whereas the portions of lunch or dinner leave me full the brunch plates seem awfully small. I've tried brunch twice and then had to call it quits, but I will definitely come back - after 2pm.My absolute favorite thing about this place was that they had Allegash White Ale.  But the more places in Philly I went, the more I realized that was normal.  The Guac was pretty good and the Fajitas were just ok.  But the Guac was good enough to push me from 3 to 4 stars.There are so many good things I could list about Dos Segundos, including the $4 special (Tecate and a shot of tequila), the tasty margaritas, the nachos, a certain cute server I know, etc., but I'm afraid I'd be here forever. And ever. And ever. 
Anyway, you're catching my drift, right? Just go to Cantina. Experience it. Drink some tequila. Eat a taco. Have a time. Call out of work the next day (you might have to). Go back for more once you sober up.
Smoochies to you, Cantina! You're my BFF.Had dinner here last night . The tacos were great, I highly recommend the carnitas and the Carne asada. They came out hot and very flavorful.
The ambience of the restaurant was great too, very busy all night, you can tell it is a very popular place.
The service was great as well, although it felt like the waitress was serving the entire restaurant and the wait for a table was over an hour .
Overall I recommend it .The food was good(pork and sweet potato tacos). The service was lackadaisical at best. I have seen more life out of a Walker on The Walking Dead.. Also, the atmosphere was not what I thought it was going to be.. For example, when you go to a Mexican place to eat Mexican food at the price you are going to pay, you would like to hear authentic music playing in the background, not Black Sabbith and other 80's metal.. Typical hipster northern libs..Best Mexican place in Philly. Sorry El Vez and Distrito. The menu is great because there are tons of options, no matter if you're a meat-eater, vegetarian, or vegan. Their burritos are huge, and their empanadas are delicious. But my god their margaritas are perfect. Seriously, I doubt you can find a better one anywhere. All of their flavors are great.  If you don't go back for dinner AND drinks then we're not on speaking terms.After living in Mexico for several years and saying a Mexican woman for more, I had high hopes when I saw a restaurant that was Mexican with such high reviews and actually served chicken mole...even at $21. I ordered it to go and was psyched to eat it. I opened the container and was mildly put off, but figured maybe it just tastes killer; man was I wrong! Worst mole I've had, really. It was a plain, average sized chicken breast with a watery mole sauce that didn't taste like anything in particular and grilled Brussels sprouts on top. My girlfriend, the aforementioned Mexican, ordered the flautas and said they were really just meh as well. I called twice to speak to the manager on consecutive days and was given the third degree about wishing to speak with him/her by the woman that answers "well, who is this? Why do you want to speak with the manager? What's this regarding?" Which was really off putting. Apparently, just by sheer luck (can you imagine?) the manager had just stepped out. I left my number and name both times and never (in two weeks) have I received a call back. I wanted to give them the opportunity to make things right and they just failed all around. Can't recommend you go here for anything except meh food and bad customer service.The best Mex option in Northern Liberties, even if it is run by "gringos." I've been to a few midnight dinners here, and have since returned for several lunches. The staff is always nice; food usually good. Okay, so the tuna burrito I had last time was 100% tasteless, but everything else has been great. Hell, I just love the fact that you can GET a tuna burrito.
Speaking of tuna: the seared tuna tostadas are where it's all at. Then you balance that out with chicken tacos. The shredden chicken is good, albeit a little over-seasoned. Dos Segundos also has THE best complimentary chips and salsa I've ever had, IF you're lucky enough to get them piping hot and fresh out of the oven (otherwise, Las Bugambilias owns that distinction). The red sauce is a little too sweet and runny, but the salsa verde is angelic (??). They'll even give you your remaining chips and salsa to go in plastic tupperware.This place is definitely an awesome find. Within minutes of being seated we had water and chips on the table. I mean who doesn't like free chips and water? "Me!"... said no one ever. 
My cousin ordered some wings and the sweet plantains for our apps and we both ordered the cabrito platter for our entrees. Now I've been to a number of Mexican restaurants and this was my first time ever seeing goat on the menu and as a West Indian, this was greatly appreciated. 
The food was lovely and the service was equally great. Our server was attentive from the minute we sat down until we walked out of the door. He did forget my bag of chips for my to-go box, but I forgive him because I didn't need it anyway.Food was good. Drinks were great. Service was awesome.
Ok fancy fake mexican. Worth going to especially in Philly where its hard to really get good mexican or tex/mex.
I got the cucumber jalapeno margarita - awesome. get it. Not quite the drinks at Amada but good stuff.
Our waitress was kick-ass. Super nice, patient, and real. Nice to have a waitress thats not acting. nice to go to a restaurant where they dont make everyone dress the same and act unnatural. She was an incredibly cute hip blonde girl (description is for her to get recognized not objectified).
dig this place.I called in an order of small vegan beef nachos to go. They were a little sloppy, the nachos were a little soggy and definitely outnumbered by the generous delicious toppings. Maybe next time I will remember to order a bag of chips & hot salsa on the side, and a fork.I was really excited to check this place out because I love "Mexican" food, love a spot that has brunch until 4pm, and love that it's conveniently located near to an El spot. 
On a particularly blustery day I rolled in to meet friends at about 130PM. The place was almost entirely empty. Bad sign or bad weather? I ordered the Huevos Mexicanas which were, well, OK. I perhaps should have thought more about the fact that I don't like scrambles eggs that much. Friends got the enchiladas (pronounced "fishy" and "sweet) but the Huevos Rancheros looked great. 
My bloody mary was, well, nontraditional. I couldn't put my finger on it. Then our very attentive waiter informed us that the drinks were made with fresh "salsa" - aha! Much more of a tomatoe juice etc. base than the classic, thicker, V8-type version. Not bad, but I guess I prefer my brunch beverages classic. 
In the future I'll stick to the delicious margaritas, and give one of the many other vegetarian-friendly dishes on the menu a shot.Mediocrity at best- To start the service wasn't very customer oriented, the hostess gave us attitude about changing where we wanted to sit in an empty restaurant. We sit down and get served what taste like bagged cold tortilla chips, sauces were average. After look at the menu we waited a half hour for the waiter to take our order. We ordered some margaritas they were really good and had the trio of wings they were fried nicely and good sauce. I had the tilapia tacos it was a very large portion meal the idea was nice but the execution was sloppy ! Less is more. My friend had the quesadilla and they were also a large portion the flavor was there but presentation wasn't as good. Our bill came to about $60 complete with 7 $1 charges that include pico, guacamole, sour cream, cheese, to be a Mexican place I thought some things would come standard. I may return if I'm with friends for good drinks and maybe wings but it wouldn't be my first choice for a Mexican spot.Delicious vegan options!  I got the vegan beef burrito with yuca. The seitan is from blackbird. It was a really interesting combination. They also offered vegan chicken tacos on the daily specials. 
Frozen margarita pitcher was delicious. I ordered the white peach. It was not too sweet. I'll definitely be going back!Solid Mexican place in Philly. I had the Chicken Quesadilla and Cantina Margarita. Soooo good! The best thing was how fast they were to serve the food after we ordered. I swear we must have gotten our good like 5 minutes after we ordered. The only thing I wasn't feeling was some of the music. A mixture of bebop, cheesy 90s rock, and decent Indie.The Mexican corn was very obvious that it wasn't fresh and it was canned. The vegan wings looked like French toast sticks you were given as a kid in elementary school and were literally just fried tofu, no breading or flavor what so ever. Extremely disappointed in the gentrification of Mexican food at this restaurant.My friend lives in Philly and he always talk about this place so when I came up for a visit, this is where we ended up for dinner and a pitcher of margaritas. My friend is a hardcore vegan, but I am the opposite. I have nothing against vegans, but I also have no desire to cut meat, milk, or any other animal products completely out of my diet. However, for this dinner, I opted to eat a truly vegan meal. They have a pretty good selection of food for vegans, but they also have plenty of meat.
Anyway, back to the restaurant. When we came up to the restaurant it was very lively and pretty full of people. The weather was nice and there was outdoor seating all along the sidewalk. We chose to eat inside and our hostess sat us down at a table and we were given two kinds of salsa (red and green) with a basket of fresh chips. They were both great, but I have to say that I liked the green salsa better. We ordered a pitcher of frozen margaritas and our waitress brought it out with two glasses and a plate of salt and cut up limes for us to put around the rims. 
For our dinner, we ordered tacos with vegan beef and and tacos with mushrooms, the latter was a special for the night. Our waitress brought out more chips and salsa for us while we waited for our food to come out. Both of our entrees came with three tacos and we each switched one taco so that I could have a taste of them both. While the mushroom taco was tasty, I preferred the vegan beef. It was delicious! If I didn't know that I had ordered vegan beef, I would have thought that I was having actual meat! I highly recommend trying the vegan beef, even if it's not your thing. 
The food is good, the pitcher was enough for us to each have about three drinks and the service was nice and friendly. The atmosphere is cool and laid back (there are Christmas lights hanging around the entire dining area) and the bathrooms are clean. The stalls even have chalkboards and chalk so you can leave a little message for future visitors ;-)I recently came on Saturday night as a group of 5. 
The food: It was ok. The chips & salsa were probably the best thing we had. The nachos weren't bad, but I've had better. The platanos machos would have been better if they weren't burnt. The guava margarita was ok, but a bit too bitter. The food was also very overpriced & so "a la carte" with all the extra costs. 
Service: The main reason why the rating is so low. The service was just not good. It took at least 15 mins before chips & salsa & water came to our table (mind you not by our actual server). Then, it took another 15 mins before our server came to our table to take drink & food orders. The food also took long to come out after ordering & all we ordered were appetizers. She also had general lack of attentiveness for the rest of the time. We would have been able to deal with it more if we had at least been acknowledged but earlier after being seated. 
I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon.I took my mom here while she was in town and we both loved it! I ended up getting a Shrimp Burrito and she got a chimichanga. Both meals were delicious and filling. We also had guacamole which was very good as well. My favorite part of my meal was the cucumber jalape침o margarita! It was so good that I would even go back for drinks before heading out in the city. Cant wait to go back!First off, let me say, 'Wow". I was with a couple friends in Philadelphia for the day yesterday and they wanted to go here for a friend's birthday. It was crowded when we got there and really dark. The restaurant was lit only by candle light and string lights along the walls. I am glad we got a table in the back by the window because I don't think I would have been able to see anything sitting anywhere else. I ordered the Enchiladas de Pollo and it was wonderful. It's sort of funny because I always thought I didn't like mole, but it's because I've never had Dos Segundos's mole. It wasn't overly sweet, it wasn't overly chocolaty, it was very good and the chicken was cooked so tender. My hat off to the chef! Also, I typically never like margaritas, but that was until I had Dos Segundos Blood Orange one. It was served in a small glass but the constancy was perfectly smooth. I'm used to places making them like smoothies where you can taste the ice pieces. I don't typically give people 5 stars but I cannot really say anything bad about my experience. I mean the check took really long to get to my table but they were busy as heck so I understood.Key Mexican place in NoLi. We haven't had a bad meal yet. Great thing is they offer whole weekend brunch! Check out the specials board when you walk in. You can't go wrong with anything on that board.
Ordered: chips and green and red salsa is served on the house. So addicting. margaritas are a must. Try the seasonal ones, mango, watermelon, etc. my fav is the mango. As for good... don't miss the piggy wings with blue cheese sauce. It's a special board item and are out of this world. Imagine the favors of buffalo wings, with the neatness and tenderness of ribs. Yum! We usually go for the tilapia fish tacos, shrimp tacos or carnitas. Yes we love our pork. Oh... the guacamole is a must. They come with different thicker corn chips.
Service: everyone here is great and on point. Always looking out for refills on waters and chips and salsa.
Overall: must try. Our go to Mexican restaurant in the area.My girlfriend got off work early, around 15:30 on a Monday, and we decided to venture out on a whim. The place was just about empty, we first sat near the bar. The bartender was very cool. We drank Tecates until happy hour (4-6) and we moved to a table near the window because there was room to do so and my girlfriend thought it was dark near the bar. I was cool with it but......the waitresses were attentive and nice. I had empanadas and my girl had the wings with some passion fruit sauce, I think. I tried some, it was good but they tasted a bit like pork. My beef empanadas with guac were awesome, and we also got watermelon margaritas half off during happy hour that were GREAT. I would definitely come back. Why four stars then, you ask? My only reservation.....and maybe it's nothing but.....we were pestered by flies terribly and it was a little annoying. Two and three at a time when we first got our food. And so....yeah. Idk what that was about. Next time I'll request a seat on the back patio.This is a review for a recent brunch experience I had here, so perhaps as a bar things are different. We had vegan french toast and mexican style eggs. The orange juice tasted especially from-concentrate that day. The french toast was almost inedibly sweet, and it seemed that bananas were involved somehow. The eggs were middle-of-the-road, with beans and rice. They were not bad, and not special. Service came from a harried waitress with many other duties to perform. I do not think I could return willingly.Unfortunately,I did not read the "details" associated with the restaurant description. It is hipster and indeed loud. The decor is wood so at noise generated will reverberate and amplify. Was looking for a quiet pace to dine / chat with a friend and this was not it. Horrible.
Food- was OK but every item we ordered, including a watermelon marguerite, had a strange aftertaste. Could not put my finger on it but it was there and I have experienced it before, just could not remember. Tried the goat because I have had it in Barbados. Way not the same, heavy barbecue. I will compliment them on the chicken wing appetizer although not worth $11. Then, after I paid the bill, I noticed the margarita my friend ordered started at 5.50 plus 1.50 because it was watermelon ad another 1.00 because it was frozen ( use the term loosely). And the drinks were not large enough to warrant the price.
Doubt I will revisit. Food quality is not enough to overcome the other drawbacks. I can't imagine how loud it is on busy nights.
Also, menu shortened by great deal of vegan items. I am pretty much a foodie purist, if you want vegan, go to a vegan restaurant.
MEH!Enjoyed the empanadas, taco, guacamole and cervezas. 
The waitstaff was nice. Enjoyable place to get some food.The service was pretty bad. But the wet burrito al pastor was solid. But will try to revisit, to see if the service will be better next time.Such great vegan options, attentive and knowledgeable waitstaff, Such high quality food!! I can't believe I hadn't been before but I will definitely be back!Ambience is fun and music is festive. Nice back courtyard. Menu had a lot of options even for vegan and vegetarians. Server was nice and friendly. Service was fast earlier in the evening but then mid-way, it got super slow once the place started getting busy around dinner time. 
People in my party enjoyed the veggie options but I wasn't too impressed. Veggie quesadilla looked limp and tasted bland. Seitan tacos were just ok...I've had better at places like V-street or even food trucks. Drinks were small, watered down and pricey! 
From the reviews, and my own experience, I notice they have the tendency to slip in unsuspected charges without letting you know (substituting vegan sour cream cost extra; they also charged two different prices for the same dish that three of us ordered--and insisted they served us the special even though it looked and tasted the same as the daily version, which ended up costing an extra 12! 
Overall, it is a fun place to hang out with friends..chips and salsa were awesome and food prices were reasonable so can't complain. 
Make sure to give yourself enough time to look for parking as that neighborhood gets packed with residents and visitors alike.Everything here was on point.
We had fajitas and a special of garlic shrimp and quinoa. They were excellent. We also had pineapple bacon guacamole which was amazing. Their house baked chips are dope.
We drank a pitcher of seasonal margaritas which went down but was a little sweet for my taste.
Good background music. Fun atmosphere with a ton of space. Good service.Nice ambiance, though the outdoor seating is lacking at this northern liberties sister location of its south Philly counterpart. Occasionally you might fall victim to hipster service, though on the whole this establishment offers pretty standard Americanized Mexican Fare.  Free chips and salsa also a nice touch.  Highly recommend the pollo tacos and the fried plantains.The food and margaritas at Cantina Dos Segundos is amazing! Although I was very upset at first because my reservation got screwed up, the hostess was so kind and quick to resolve the issue for our group of ten.
Service was a little slow but they were busy. All of our friends raved about the food and drinks the whole time. The environment is very chill and dark. I love northern liberties and the fact that the Piazza is close for parking. The bar area has a large space with plenty of standing room and some high tables while the other side of the restaurant is almost a seperate sit-down area with lots of tables. There are tables for large parties and as far as I know, a nice outdoor area.
I love that they accept reservations even on Saturdays. Food everyone tried: chicken nachos, tacos, enchiladas, quesadillas, chimichangas, chips and salsa, chicken wing sampler, tres leches cake. Everything was fantastic. I am excited to go back for a date night!I am so in love with the thres leche dessert cake with real fruit.  Highly recommend their dessert and spicy margarita.  Enjoy it outside in their intimate back patio.Dos Segundos is an excellent neighborhood spot with amazing frozen margaritas. They have cheap happy hour specials, but be sure you get there early because they end at 6. The staff is very friendly. This place has a casual/trendy atmosphere and excellent food to back it up.I really enjoyed Cantina Dos Segundos, and was referred by my bartender to join yelp and write a review. 
Excellent margaritas, tacos, and absolutely love the salsa verde.
Can't wait to go back!Pros: 
-bottomless chips & salsa (free)
-exceptional micheladas
-friendly staff
-clearly noted vegan & vegetarian menu items
-great drink menu
-tasty guacamole
Cons:
-uhhh.........none? TBD?
This is quickly becoming one of my favorite spots to eat in the city. Great for brunch and dinner, great drink menu... I've gotten different stuff each time and haven't been disappointed yet. So far my favorite has been the chimichanga. If I had enough money I would eat here everyday.This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in northern liberties. The brunch items are awesome, and happy hour specials are great too! They typically have half priced margarita pitchers for happy hour, and every flavor I've tried has been delicious. I've had a ton of items on their menu, and have never been disappointed with my choice. If you're in the area, definitely a place to stop and try...you won't be disappointed!Ever since my bestie moved from Rittenhouse to NoLibs, I've been venturing more and more to that previously unknown land. One of my more recent treks took me to Cantina Dos Segundos. My friend and I have that level of understanding where the first thing we did was look at the margarita list and wordlessly agree to order a pitcher of the watermelon and basil. That was a good call. They were a bit weak for my booze-hardened tastebuds, but that might be due to the fact that it was a pitcher and, therefore, prone to the ravages of time-induced dilution. In any event, they were delicious.
As were my chicken tacos, coincidentally enough. I nom-nom-nom'd through the whole trio in between frequent pauses to relish in the chips and salsas. Both the salsa verde and the smoky, red chipotle salsa tickled my fancy en una manera muy sensual.
Needless to say, I plan to return to this lurvely Mexican joint on the reg.Went here for girls night drinks. Let me say that I HATE tequila. ( I know, I must be the spawn of satan or something.) Anyway, we had a pitcher of blood orange margaritas and a pitcher of passion fruit. Both were good but the Blood Orange stood out. 
We also ordered Black Bean Nachos and an order of Fried Plantains. The Plantains were sweetened, then fried, and topped with a cream sauce, cheese, and scallions. YUM YUM.
Looking forward to dinner here some night.This place is a good spot for some drinks and hang out with a large group of friends. This place feels very dark inside, but the food is good. I had the tacos americano and it's hard shelled tacos. Very tasteful and melts in ur mouth. It's location is nearby all the nice places as well.Not Mexican more like tex-mex, good salsa though. Not going back for really expensive meals that are not worth it. 2 stars because they try hardSolid veggie burrito. Good beer selection, and a nice, chill atmosphere. This is everything that the South Philly location should have been. There's better Mexican food nearby, but those places (Taco Riendo, Que Chula es Puebla) don't serve drinks.I was just looking for a bathroom, but I stumbled into here. We've walked past this place many times, but the external aesthetics didn't have the same nouveau appeal that many of the more refined Philly Mexican joints have, e.g., Tequila's, El Vez. 
We sat at the smallest, most illogically-placed table possible. However, when the chips and salsa came out, that part was forgotten. The red was smoky with a chipotle depth and front-of-the-tongue heat. The green should be bottled, so that I could use it for my breakfast eggs each morning. It tasted so fresh! I've tried to make tomatillo salsa, but I've always found that they can be very bitter and finicky. Places that do it well get my vote. 
The entree(singular, we were full from the salsa) was a double wrapped shrimp taco. It was simple, not grilled, and topped with onions and a tangy crema. I wish we had ordered another so I could be eating them for breakfast. Again, freshness was the key. That goes so far with Mexican cuisine. I also added the bacon-wrapped jalape침o appetizer. Three large peppers were filled with some sort of cheese concoction and topped with bacon and a tangy mayo-chipotle(?) sauce. The peppers were sweet, not hot.  But they were a little too firm for me. Maybe that was by design. I'm not supposed to be eating cheese. Especially to the extent that those things were filled. 
We also had some awesome drinks, but I'm tired of writing about the food, and again, hungry. I'll post s picture of my tequila flights. 
We left feeling full, satiated and craving dessert. Too much richness would have been even worse for me. I'm glad I abstained. We'll be back. If not for the entrees, than the chips and salsa.I had heard about the two dollar taco tuesdays here for quite some time before I managed to get to one. I'd tried in the summer and fall but it was always packed and super noisy. Having finally made it on quiet Tues, I was saddened to learn they only gave 2 options for the taco special, both of which had bbq sauce, which (as a gluten-intolerant) I avoid due to high probability of flour. But instead I ordered the goat taco's and was pleasantly surprised by the quality and quantity! I was scared to pay 10$ for taco's but I got 3 gigantic taco's with additional pico de gallo only an extra .50 cents! Plus the endless chips and salsa was another wonderful aspect. I will definitely be back, and definitely recommend it if you like meat and have a gluten sensitivity, you may not get the special but they have very tasty food!This use to be one of my favorite quasi authentic with a twist Mexican restaurants.  I could put up with the really low light and and extremely loud environment (hard to talk to people) because the food was consistently great.
This evening I ordered take out with a simple chicken chimichanga minus the rice stuffed inside and a side of sour cream.  Here is how that went.
1st order
Only chicken inside and no sour cream
1st call
On hold 5 minutes and a hang up on their end.
2nd call
"We will make you up a new one"
Actual 2nd order
Actual beans with the chicken but the side sour cream still missing and the side lettuce and tomato nearly absent
3rd call
"Yes, sorry about that, we apologize (if tenor of the voice suggested they couldn't give a rip) and a long awkward pause.
I finished the conversation with "sounds like you guys are having a rough night,  you might want to have a talk with your chef, thank you, bye."
I understand things can get screwed up.  No problem.  Perhaps if they turned down the music just slightly, got some sound abatement they could actually hear the orders if they are not going to read them.
The problem is that they are way too expensive to justify any of this nonsense.Came here while visiting Philadelphia for Memorial weekend. I had the carnitas which was ok and my girlfriend had the chicken which was shredded and very flavorful.
The margaritas on the rocks where very good and only $5.  I also had a tecate en una lata that was $2.50.
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for good mexican food with a nice atmosphere.The food was decent and the drinks were ok. The service was slow and awful. Everyone was nice and polite but just slooooowwwwMy bf has been raving about this restaurant for a few weeks so we finally decided to go last night. The atmosphere is nice and cosy. I wasn't a fan of the music. I was expecting, idk, mexican music? They were playing rock/alternative but whatever.
I ordered a pineapple margarita that was just okay, not much tequila in it. They give complimentary chips and salsa which was REALLY good We shared beef empanadas as an appetizer. He LOVES them, I thought they were just okay but I can't quite put my finger on what was throwing them off for me. The quac that came with the empanadas was excellent, however and I ended up scarfing it down with the chips!. I got a chicken chimichanga as my entree and it was very good! My bf got the steak fajitas and he also LOVED it. I tried the steak and must say it was delicious and perfectly cooked.  
I wouldn't say the staff was "friendly" but they were attentive and efficient, which I actually prefer over someone friendly and incompetent. Overall it was a good experience and I'm sure I will be going back in the future.Cantina, I love you. I've loved you for years, and I want to keep loving you. Your chicken nachos are one of the select few foods in philly that I find myself craving. Your blood orange margaritas never, ever disappoint. Free, fresh chips and amazing salsa verde keep me coming back to see you.
But we need to talk. 
Talking is something that humans do. Sometimes they do it at restaurants. Sometimes they talk, hypothetically, AT restaurants on the internet and hope, for the love of god, that someone is reading it, because it's a sad situation when CONVERSATION IS IMPOSSIBLE AT THIS RESTAURANT. Someone on every shift clearly believes that the music (albeit usually very good) MUST BE DEAFENING. AT ALL TIMES. 
Last night I found myself screaming at the top of my lungs at my friend who was sitting approximately 1.5 feet from my face. I became slightly short of breath and a little dizzy. I had been asked to repeat myself approximately 6 times before I gave up. When you start thinking of things to say that are easily lip-read, or just don't even bother trying to explain something because you know that it will take 8 tries to get your point across the vast expanse of SCREECHING BACKGROUND DIN, and you will probably pop your lungs from the effort of the sentence, there's a problem.
Cantina, please turn down the volume. Or else I'm going to have to leave you for loco pez. Regrettably, for realsies. You're breaking my stomach's heart.I think I heard they have great drinks here. I wasn't drinking alcohol at the time I came here last week (lent season). 
I was here for lunch. I don't know but I felt like the menu was missing a few tasty items. Nothing really grabbed me to eat.
I ended up getting the ribs (Costillitas) dish which was okaaayyy. I took the rest home because my party and I were short on time. Even at home it wasn't all that.
I did want to order the fish tacos but I had some not-so-satisfactory fish tacos the night before and that left me too bruised to order it again (even though I had it at a diff place).
The chicken Quesadilla my friend got looked tasty but I didn't taste it. He liked it.
Oh the corn on the cob was great.Came in hungover and wanting some great Mexican food and a good drink. What I got definitely met my expectations. Right after we were seated they delivered perfectly salted chips and two great salsas on the side. I ordered a passion fruit mojito and the other half got a bloody Maria. I LOVED my drink, he was ok with his. Seriously if you like mojito give this one a try. For food we did a breakfast burrito and a small order of nachos. The breakfast burrito was perfectly stuffed and had some really tasty rice in it. Now, we are big eaters and even the small nachos were a struggle to get through. They seemed like the never ended!!! As nacho aficionados we thought these were pretty good, but there are other places in the area where you can get better ones. Overall, it was a really solid option for Mexican in an area with a lot of great choices for Mexican. Definitely give it a try!This place has one good thing.  Marinated pork chimichangas.  everything else i have had there is sub-par compared to anywhere else.  the service is extremely hit or miss, and the crowd is about the same.
old review :
good burritos, decent jukebox, good quesadillas and great guacamole.  The prices are a bit hit but the quality and the service is good.  the service is much better than the south philly originator, maybe they learned from their mistakes or maybe things just go smoother on the other side of market.....ooh burn.
take out is great and their bartenders are fairly nice while waiting for some good take awayThe food was amazing and the service was exemplary. My only qualm was that the food menu was shorter than the drink menu. Despite the lack of options, I was pleased with my meal and I would definitely go back.Always delicious!  I come here when I want to be out and about as well as grabbing good Mexican food in NoLibs.  The place is cool and you can easily walk right by it without even knowing.  It's a dark intimate setting which I think is great, when you're stuffing your face filled with Mexican food.
I always get a flavored Margarita on the rocks with salt here, each and every time, delicious.  Which can become dangerous.  I love the fact they always have Mexican corn in which many places don't do or stop serving.  Everything I've ordered here (I try to order things on the Specials of the Day menu) and it always delivers.  How often can you get jerk shrimp tacos or watermelon soup!?  They were both fantastic.
I usually always order side of garlic kale.  SO good with anything you order and adds the extra kick.
The service here is good too.  Every time I come, the waiter or waitress always remembers my order without paper.  I find that to be so intriguing but they get it right all the time.  If not, they don't feel bad asking it again just so they make sure it's right.
Always a fun time here, and always a happy and full belly.One of my favorite Mexican spots in the city. Started coming here over the summer when I moved into the neighborhood and it quickly became a weekend staple. I absolutely love everything from the staff to that chipotle sauce(more on that later)
The food here is great. First off, the chips and salsa seem standard at first. But I promise you you'll start craving them after you leave just like I do. The chips are the perfect amount of crispy and I end up pouring half the sauces at the table on top of them. They offer tobasco, sriracha, chipotle sauce(drool) and I think another hot sauce. I appreciate this because I am a spicy food lover and I love drunkinly creating hot sauce soups(Ugh, sounds so gross. Drunk me promises it's not). I'm a vegetarian and I think I've tried all the options here. My favorite hands down would be the vege quesadilla. AMAZING. (FYI the portion is huge so I always end up splitting with a friend) 
Now on to the good stuff - THE DRINKS. The pitchers of margarita. Um hello - do I need to say more? The flavors range from blood orange to pineapple and they're all equally delicious. I remember one night my best friend and I ended up downing 2 pitchers( to test out the flavors..all in the name of Yelp) and we had a great time. That was also the night I tried their dulche de leche cake (awesome btw)
All in all, this place is amazing. The atmosphere has that standard hipster vibe complete with the chalkboard menu that is handwritten, the music is nice, the food is great and the drinks are even better.
I do want to say it has a tendency to get very loud so I won't really suggest it as a first date place! Unless of course it's warm, and you get to sit outside and people watch..and eat those chips...and drink those margaritas.Great place- I occasionally stop by in here for a preworkout beer when Body Arts is not open yet, but since me hand is fractured I will just stop in for their kickass happyhour- I probably should stop by here more often now that I think bout it. Anyway the happy hour, both the regular and the late night (9-1am)have 1/2 off pints and margarita pitchers- late night is not vaild fri-sat. Personally not a huge margarita guy but they are better here then at el camino real-a lot stronger.  I probably would only give this place a 3 based on food, but since most eastcoast places produces more Mexican't instead of Mexican grub, I'm gonna curve it to a 4 partiall b/c their jalepeno and cucumber margatita is a pitcher of kick ass.  I have tried quite a few of the steak, chicken and pork dishes. I am more partial to the steak dishes esp the steak nachos, although every wait staff has hyped up the pork which actually is my least favorite filling out of the 3. But that is just my opinion, what is also disappointing is they don't use corn tortillas which i prefer esp w/ my tacos. Either way a solid pick to grab some nachos and a drink.*WORST SERVICE EVER**
We had reservations here for dinner for a large group. My friend and I arrived there a bit early so we decided to get a drink at the bar. After I ordered drinks, I realized that I didn't have my ID and the bartender told me she couldn't serve me (totally fine, I didn't argue). We sat there for 10 minutes assuming that my friend will get served because the bartender didn't say anything to her. So we asked her where her drink was and she goes "I thought you were leaving". NO we didn't say we were leaving. Then she takes her drink order AGAIN to serve her and then comes back 2 seconds later saying she can't serve us at all because I didn't have my ID (fine, whatever). At this point, we were just gonna sit at the bar and wait for our friends to come so we can sit at our dinner tables when they arrive because 6 people needed to be there for us to sit. 10 minutes later this bartender brings my friends drink and serves her (I thought she told us that she couldn't serve her either.). And then another 15 minutes later, she comes up to us and tells us that we cannot sit at the bar AT ALL because it's "the law). I would have been totally ok when she told us that my friend and I cannot sit at the bar or order drinks when I told her that I didn't have my ID in the first place. If she knew so much about the laws, she didn't need to waste 30 minutes of ours to tell us what the law is. 
The only good part about their food is their green and red Salsa. Chips were just weird in texture and flavor. I tried the Chimichangas and Veg. Quesadilla and I couldn't eat any of it after the 1st bite. 
Watered down and weak margaritas. I felt like I was drinking fruit juice with their margaritas. Like common, I'm paying $9 for this, and the glasses aren't even that big. 
Raven, our waitress was awesome. She kept filling our empty glasses and was always around when we needed refills on Salsa. The food did take pretty long to come out, but maybe because we were a group of 15 people. 
I'm giving this place a 2 star. 1 star for our awesome waitress Raven, and another one for the green salsa. This place deserves nothing more.
I will never return back here again.I heard they were starting to do brunch daily so I came in shortly after noon on a Friday. It was a nice day so I sat outside. I was handed the menu (one side breakfast, one side lunch/dinner items), but my waiter did not offer up whether or not there were any specials. 
I wanted the Huevos Rancheros with a side of chorizo. My waiter was apparently confused by this addition and pointed out that there were also Huevos con Chorizo on the menu. That's not what I wanted - I wanted the Rancheros because I wanted the black beans & mexican rice - & I tried to explain it again. He told me "ok well I can give you the chorizo on the side." Ding ding ding! There we go! You got it! Why was that so hard? 
My food came out and was delicious! I made little egg, bean & chorizo tacos with the tortillas my platter came with. The rice and beans were soooooo good, I wish there had been more. I had a pineapple margarita which was a little on the weak side but not so bad. (I'd been here another time with some friends and we ordered a few pitchers of margs that were strong and on point, so I was a little disappointed.) The place wasn't very busy but it was still kind of hard to get my waiters attention & waitress who was waiting on the table next to mine kept checking up on me & she wound up bringing me my check instead. Meh.
I would also recommend the chicken chimichanga: it's amazing, huge and only $9!Great Mexican food.  Probably the closest thing to authentic "street" Mexican food that I've had in Philly.  The brisket tacos were to die for.  The ribs were great.  The jackfruit and carnitas tacos were great.  Decent enough beer selection.  Salsa was good.  Arrived late so didn't get to try the guacamole.  I'll be back for sure (and I'll write a better review after the next visit--it's 3:15am right now).We have been to this restaurant multiple times and have always had a great experience. However this past weekend was very disappointing. From the moment we walked in the door the hostess try to talk us out of taking a table even though the restaurant was empty they were only two other parties at other tables and the bar was full but very noisy and she encouraged us to sit at the bar because the service at any of the tables would be nonexistent. We decided not to take her advice and to sit at a table and we were served promptly and very professionally. The food was as good as always however a pitcher of margaritas tasted like there was no alcohol in it , so that was disappointing. We also noticed that the same hostess appeared to be profiling people as they walked in the door , we watched three different groups of people walk in only a couple of minutes apart from one another and two of the three were people that she told the same story to , that there was no service available and that she didn't recommend them taking a table , another party came in and she sat them immediately.. we will not return here ..Dos segundos is our favorite Mexican place. Authentic food with a twist that caters to people who have allergies/preferences etc. we had Raven as a waitress and just wanted to let everyone know she was amazing!!!