for go-to classics, this is the place to eat. the brown stew chicken is always on point and the sides are very good, as well as the portions. last time i ordered from there tho, i ordered jerk chixken and they cleary gave me bbq chicken with jerk sauce over the bbq sauce. not terrible, but an oversight non the less. i will continue to order from here however as they also have great local bean and sweet potato pies on deck and many drink choices. keep up the good work guys!Definitely enjoyed my food! I am from NY, visiting Philly for a few weeks and needed something familiar to help with me being home sick and this definitely did the trick! The jerk chicken was delish!!!!! The Mac and cheese and rice n peas were good as well. The plantains were perfect! My roommate had the veggie dish and she loved it. 
I'll definitely be back!Highly recommend! 
Awesome pepper steak, cabbage, sweet potatoes. 
Everything else was great too: jerk chicken, curry shrimp, oxtail, mac and cheese, plantains.This is my  east of west philly go-to spot for jamaican food. it's tiny but you can comfortably eat-in. I always get curry chicken, rice and peas, platanos and a chicken pattie. The food is always seasoned perfectly. This is comfort food for me and I'd be sad if this spot ever closed its doors. I've had larger portions elsehwere, but the portion sizes are adequate, not generous. it's still relatively cheap, too; you can get entirely full  with leftovers for $20.Delicious!! I got the oxtails and brown stewed chicken. Meat fell off the bone. Very flavorful and well seasoned. Quick friendly service. I'll definitely be back. Parking on South St of course is a nightmare.Caribbean Delight has wonderful flavor in their dishes and side dishes. I've tried the Jerk Chicken, Curry Shrimp and Pepper Steak. I'm also a fan of their brown rice and peas. Their prices are also fair, and service has been friendly the two times that I've gone.
I was extremely impressed the first time I went as the food took less than five minutes to make. It was a weekend evening so I'm sure they had everything prepped for one of their busier nights. The second time I went, the food took 45 minutes on a weekday. I had nowhere to go and I take responsibility for not calling ahead so I waited patiently but 45 minutes is still a long time to wait. Their service, however, is friendly and kept reminding me that the food was almost ready (this might be a negative to some, but I know that local restaurants work hard to meet expectations and hospitality never has a 100% satisfaction rate. Things just happen sometimes). I will be sure to call next time. 
The only thing I will say is that their food is a bit salty. Their Jerk Chicken has a great spicy kick to it. I really do love the taste, but you can also taste how heavily salted it is. That's my only detraction. Otherwise, I recommend.Great little place!!!  The curried goat was amazing, as is the curried chicken and jerk chicken.  Service is efficient, though perhaps more surly than friendly.  But the food and pricing are both great.  Food comes in a variety of serving sizes... I'm becoming a big fan of that concept.  Wish more restaurants would do that!  
The artwork makes it a lot of fun as well.  
Seems to do brisk business in take-away.  Definitely do check out.Really a 2.5, mostly because of the friendly staff.
I tried the lunch special of chicken curry, which for $6 came with 2 sides plus 2 banana plantains. I chose white rice and mac and cheese as my sides.
First of all, the chicken curry came with bone-in chicken, chopped obviously with a cleaver. Every bite came with a dangerous possibility of a sliver of bone catching in my throat. You must be very careful.
The mac and cheese was plopped next to the curry, so all I could taste was curry and none of cheesiness with the macaroni. Boo. 
The nice surprise was the plantains. I love plantains, so I wouldn't hesitate to get that separately.
Free wifi, in case you care.A friend of mine who works in the area has been telling me about this place, but for whatever reason I'd always pass by and forget... or maybe they'd be closed. Well, I finally got in here and I was surprised at the authentic Jamaican products Caribbean Delight has. I've grown up with Jamaicans and have gone to plenty of Jamaican stores, but I've never seen this stuff... (different cakes, breads, juices, snacks, etc.)
Gotta say, this was the best jerk chicken I've ever had. What sets it apart is a smokiness that I haven't had anywhere else. It's not the spiciest nor is it jammin with the most flavor, but that smokiness puts this place in another league... not to mention they were good cuts of meat. Otherwise, I had yams, macaroni, and plantains. All were pretty good with the yams being the best of the bunch. I tried to eat-in, but between the heat/humidity and the crazy amount of soda I downed on my way over (I inhaled a bottle of water on my way to get the soda)... I was full after a few bites. It seems everybody was getting their food to go anyway. And as far as I know, they've been around for quite some time. 
Lastly, the juices were rockin! My thirst was off the charts that day so I ended up getting 2 juices moreso just to try them and those joints were the biz! I'd come back just for that reason. They have homemade and bottled (Jamaican exclusives I suppose). 
Overall, loved it. The prices seem on-par with most other places. A platter and a drink will run you about $15, but they do have a cheaper option and a larger option.
PRO-TIP: Another thing I've never seen is they wrap the platters in plastic if they're "to-go" and tingThis is my all time favorite Caribbean food joint in the city. If you've ever been to Jamaica and ate the food, then you know this is truly authentic cuisine. That curry will stay on your fingers for days to come. Try anything on the menu and it's almost impossible to be disappointed with your choice. From time to time the food may be slightly off but never when Percy cooks, he's the owner. The atmosphere is laid back and the murals may have you daydreaming. The prices are reasonable and I always have leftovers. I'm a fan of the cabbage, rice & peas, snapper, goat, and curry chicken. Try the beef or chicken patties while you wait. Happy eating!Has pretty good jerk. Mac and Cheese was really good. Did not like the attitude of the young women at the front counter during the week. I purchased a  curry shrimp roti and was not pleased to see it only had about 5 shrimp but loaded but veggies and I paid almost $20 for it! Peas and rice was good.I had the oxtail here. The portion was smaller than other places in the city and the flavor wasn't anywhere near as rich and other places. Overall I'd go here again, but right now I'm not all that impressed.This was my go to spot for Jamaican food for about 3 years while living in Philly and they never disappoint. I just wish they delivered. But the food is delicious and its good portions!Delish, We called ahead for snapper and jerk chicken.  The flavor is amazing. Yes, the peas and rice are spicy, just the way we like it.   We loved everything and the prices are good.  We will definitely be back.I ordered the jerk chicken entree with brown rice and peas, cabbage and plantains.  The chicken was overcooked, the skin was burnt.  It didn't give me the spicy kick that I was expecting.  I did not like the flavor at all.  
I will return to Jamaican Jerk Hut to satisfy my cravings.Their jerk chicken is legit really good. Smokey, spicy, with a touch of sweetness with the cabbage and rice and beans. Just like Jamaica. Delicious.Interesting Caribbean food, well-prepared, served in good-sized portions, at reasonable prices. The space has cool murals all over the walls and ceiling. Service is friendly but erratic; I had to wait a pretty long time for my lunch. The worst part is the noise -- a TV blared headline news while a stereo in the other corner simultaneously played music. It was hard to think, much less enjoy my food. Next time I'll stick to takeout.Ordered oxtails. Food was good; service was blah. Also, gave me a surcharge because I needed another container. Not too sure if you have a paying customer and want them to return if that's a good idea. If I'm in the area, maybe I'll return, but you won't see me traveling to go there.Ok, i hv found my jamaican restaurant, this place is awesome.  This was my first time but it wont be my last. I use to go  to the other one down the block but was not really impressed with their food. this place reminds me of home back in Jamaica. Reminds me of my mothers cooking. This is authentic jamaican food, that other place down the block is just a take on jamaican food.  1 time i got some curry goat from there w/rice and peas, it was horrible, the goat was tough and the rice n peas was over salted.  I was pissed cause I  drive an hr and a 1/2 to get it. Not anymore i hv found a place that serves  an authentic jamaican cusine. Anyone looking for a place that serves real jamaican food, this is the place.Umm the beef patties were hot and delicious on a cold rainy walk to dinner! In and out and 2 bucks each!Once I walked in, I immediately loved the interior of this place. Paintings surrounded every side of the wall. I originally thought we had to order up front and get a table (read it somewhere on yelp) but the lady was nice and took our orders at the table and we paid individually at the end. 
My group of friends and I ordered our food in a to-go box because we knew we would not finish it all. They had three size options: large, small, and a mini. I ordered a small ($11) pepper steak with mac and cheese and a salad on the side. A small comes with two sides. The steak was flavorful but they were a little heavy handed with the sauce. Not to mention it was dry. I thought the mac and cheese was dry and a little bland. The salad was chopped up lettuce, carrots, and peppers. No dressing so that was kind of disappointing. 
The food at the place is mediocre. A little pricey for what I got in my opinion.We got  of the plane from California and looked up Caribbean food.This place comes up on yelp,we read the reviews, then give them a call to to check out the menu. It was great! We had King Fish, Rice and Peas, Callaloo Ackee and Salt Fish.and Ginger Beer! It was very taste!  Percy has Yard style hospitality.. He has  energy drinks called XS there were 12 different flavors and they have No Carbs No Sugar! We tried Tropical blast it taste great!oh hell yes!
been going here for 5 years now and i think they are the best deal in Caribbean food in philaDelicious! It is hard to find truly spicy food in philadelphia. I got the jerk chicken, and it was delicious! Flavorful and tender. The cabbage it was served with was also very delicious. I plan on going back to try other dishes.Beef patties, warm coco bread, Jamaican sodas... This is what I order from this place...This is my nostalgia-based menu! Caribbean Delight reminds me of my Bronx snacks childhood.Delicious! Food was GOOD! Right amount of spice and it was for a good price! RecommendedWorst jerk chicken ever. Dry and flavorless.I went with the curry shrimp to try something different. I've been on this curry chicken kick for like two weeks now LOL so went for the shrimp.
When the food came out it looked really really tasty, nicely plated and appeared to be well seasoned. The curry shrimp came cooked with broccoli which I thought to be different, also some brown rice & beans. Upon tasting I was disappointed. If it weren't for the color letting me know curry is in this dish, I wouldn't have known by tasting it. It also tasted very greasy, something I could tolerate but certainly not something that will get a second order out of me. 
However I give the place  a three for great service and to die for plantains. I've been searching all over Philly for just that right plantain and I seem to have found it. Nice and sweet, melt in your mouth good. This is more like fried done well rather than a mouth full of greasy mess. And I liked the cabbage that came with the platter as well. Also for everything I got, the cost was reasonable. I paid 13 for a large platter an extra side of plantains to take home and a days blue soda.
I'll be back and will try the chicken to see if it's different otherwise I'm cool with just ordering plantains from there and getting my curry elsewhere.11 bucks for a LARGE stew beef - one serving spoon full, a tablespoon of bland cabbage, a mound of rice and peas and 2 thin slices of mushy undercooked fried plantains. Unpleasant, discourteous, borderline rude service. Overall, it was bite after bite of nothing served with a scowl. I was NOT delighted and I will never waste my money there again. I can only wonder if little girlfriend was hating on my daughter and me because we were the only caucasians in the joint...? Oh, on the positive side the ladies room was spotless. Still not worth the trip. It's like Golden Crust except not as tasty and more expensive. Not food, just something to eat when you're desperate and nothing else is open.The best Jamaican food I've tasted in Philly thus far! I got a jerk chicken platter with cabbage and macaroni as my sides. They both were really good. The cabbage was soft and shredded, seasoned very well. The macaroni was cheesy! They even through in a couple plantains. Fried bananas never sound appealing to me so I never got them. But they were pretty good! Was sweet and a lil crunchy. Best of all the jerk chicken! Cooked perfectly, the meat was falling off the bone! Spicy and sooo good. The sauce was drenched through out the platter. I hate when jerked chicken is dry, makes me choke lol the only thing I can say is the platter came in a round tin foil pan, the macaroni ended up being drenched in sauce. Took away from the cheesiness. Then again I guess I could've got the larger platter. Either way it was so good worth your money!This restaurant is a breath of fresh air in a neighborhood that's fast gentrifying. After being told there'd be a 45 minute wait in a nearby restaurant that had plenty of tables free, my friend and I walked down to Caribbean Delight for patties instead. Being essentially turned away from the hipster "brunch" place turned out to be a blessing, because the patties were cheap, delicious, and filling. Two patties each for my companion and I was the same price as a single entree would have been at the fashionable place nearby.
Percy was also so friendly, and talked to us out the front of the restaurant as we were leaving. He told us some good stories about his experiences in the neighborhood and in New York (where we were from), and made us feel totally welcome, which was a nice change from what er had experienced prior.
Caribbean delight is a wonderful old school neighborhood place that's been around since 1986. If you want some authentic food, absolutely go by. I personally am excited to go back next time I'm in Philly to try some of the other menu items.This place is a fantastic oasis.
The inside is beautifully painted with murals, and on a recent visit to Philly, it was such a bright spot to eat!
I loved the food, because it tasted incredibly homemade. It was flavorful and tender and clearly slow-cooked, the right way. It wasn't overly salty and mass-produced- it was just like I'd make it at home.
The highlight was the snapper platter- the fish was citrusy and tender. So flavorful!!
Also, mango water ice made a perfect dessert :)I wasn't a fan of the lamb and my friend didn't like her curry either. 
This was our first time trying caribbean food so maybe we just don't know how to appreciate it? 
I'll give this one extra star for the delicious platanos. We're definitely stopping by to pick some up next time we're on south street.A great cheap spot for flavorful food. I've had about half their menu and love the fried dumplings and cod, the jerk chicken, the beef patties (love!!), the roti dishes, and the goat curry. The brown stewed chicken was a bit lackluster in comparison but not bad. The service isn't the best all the time but given the portions, taste, and price, I'm definitely willing to deal with an empty water glass or a bit of a wait to order.A lovely little hole-in-the-wall joint featuring colorful wall-to-wall-to-ceiling murals that serves up delicious, hearty and unpretenious Caribbean food. I suggest ordering one of the dinner entrees as the large portions will fill you up quick. And you know a place is worth it if the vegetarian option is just as good as the meat. Tofu with jerk spices? I only wish there was more tofu and less carrots in my dish. Mmm...rice and beans.
Unfortunately, when Ken and I went to pick up some dinner, they were out of plantains (gasp! how could they?!) as well as many of the fish dishes. Tsk tsk. (But I still had a satisfying dinner nonetheless!)The food at Carribean Delight is VERY GOOD! I ate there several times when I was in Philly on a business trip. I usually indulge in Roti (w/out chickpeas), curry goat, chicken & shrimp, jerk, stew and patties at carribeans spots. I particularly loved everything except the stew. It wasn't bad but I've had better. I must say this place makes the BEST CABBAGE and I loved their spinach patties. The service & people were nice too!This place is small, simple, yet has festive decoration. The wait staff is nice, but not the best to ask for recommendation. The chicken jerk was good, and I actually like their homemade sorrel in the bottle. I wish they didn't put coco bread under dessert because it kinda deceived me. It's not a dessert, closer to a coconut bun that you usually find on dim sum carts. But this is not even as good.My ox tails were really great! Food is four stars and service was two so I met them in the middle. 
I called and asked the price for the goat platter, then ordered it. When I showed up they made a big stink, insisting I asked for the price and ordered the ox tail platter. Nope. I didn't. The person sitting next to confirmed I said goat. I ended up just taking the ox tail platter because I was hungry and not in the mood to argue. It was late, and I suspect they ran out of goat, because even if they misheard me it wouldn't have been a big deal to just make me another platter with goat. It's not like they were cooking it right then and there. I know it needs to simmer for hours. I wish they were upfront rather than trying to fight with me. 
Also I asked for no plantains as he was putting them in. He said it's policy they go in every platter and I could just pick them off later. Okay then.As soon as I can after I arrive in Philly, I head to South Street to Caribbean Delight for the chicken curry. This is some of the best food I have ever eaten.  I get it with the white rice, and savor every bite. Totally authentic jamaican curry. The chef once told me that if he can't get  the curry spices from jamaica, he doesn't make it. But it's there every time I go, and it is DELICIOUS!  Go there! An you can visit the mosaic garden on the next block. Another must see.Food was authentic and tasty. Great portions and kind service. Reminded me of moms cooking!5 stars, this place is amazing. Also, they take credit card, which is a huge bonus. The staff was so friendly, I had to do a double take because it's probably some of the best service that I've had here in Philly. Big portions of food that are really filling. Jerk chicken and curry goat are solid. Plates come with two sides. The cabbage is mouth watering. You're gonna be stuffed.Nice staff. I ordered via phone; the guy took my order twice...he initially took my order then spoke to someone else I believe coming into the store then came back on the phone and asked for my order again. I'm not sure what that was about, but very nice people. I ordered the jerk chicken and shrimp curry; both were good but jerk chicken was amazing. Chicken patty is a must; So flavorful and delicious seasonings inside. I love Caribbean food!I am a proud and loyal customer for many moons at CD and I also created a great rapport with the owner over the years! It truly feels like coming home whenever I come to dine-in/takeout. Everything is A1 on the menu; can't live without the jerk and the homemade lemonades!Love love love  this place.    Percy is a beast in the kitchen.  I only get the brown stew fish and stewed beef.  Don't let the head of the fish scare u, just dig inAbsolute best Jamaican food I've had ever! The oxtail is so tender and everything was to die forMy wife and I were jonezing for some good Caribbean food and while strolling down South Street one lazy Saturday afternoon, a delightful gentleman invited us in to try his fare - it just so happened to be Caribbean Delight. Percy is his name, and if you take a moment to engage him, he's as delighful as his restaurant's name.
Before making our selection, we inquired about greens and he said he'd let us sample some callaloo - Jamaican greens essentially. I thought this was quite nice of him and so we decided on an order of jerk chicken, goat curry, plantains [of course!], and callaloo.
The food came promptly and we both found the jerk to be top notch. With a hint of BBQ in it, it hit the spot. The goat was very tender and the curry was rich but not overdone. The beans and rice were good as was the side of cabbage. All together, we were both full and happy. We spent a moment chatting with Percy who told us a bit about his history in the States cooking Jamaican food.
Stop in and ask for Percy.If I could eat here everyday, I would. Breakfast, lunch and dinner. I recommend the vegetarian special whether you like tofu or not, because it's just that good, the way they prepare it.  The prices are right, too.Very disapointing with the meal the cod fish was terrible . The pepper steak was very salty don't recommend it if you have high blood pressure . I think he put Siu sauce and brown gravey together and poured it over the steak and rice. We orded a side of plantians for two they gave us 5 plantians ? Stop cutting corners and give quality as well as quanity !!!! I wouldn't give that meal to my dog !!! Caribbean Delight is THIS YEAR'S BEST IN BAD RESTAURANT CRITICISM !!!!Jerk chicken was a little over-salted and dry, but for the price you get a lot of portions out of the platter option (1 entree, 2 sides + some plantains). I tried this place on a whim, because I was coming out of Queen Village and starting to get hungry, and the interior and line of regulars caught my eye.
My favorite part was probably the yams, which had a wonderful hint of cinnamon. The plantains and mac & cheese were pretty good as well. 
Again I think it comes down to the value and convenience of getting your food immediately. There was one guy working at maximum efficiency, ladling food into the takeout containers - also liked that they shrink wrap your container if you're taking it to-go. It's definitely a mess waiting to happen if you're commuting.I really enjoyed their food! Place is clean and small, but I didn't mind. I had jerk chicken, rice and peas and cabbage. My friend and I really enjoyed it and this is the only place we swear by in the downtown area to get Jamaican food.I make wings daily. But this place has jerk wings that knocks our socks cleeeeeean off!!!! It falls right off the bone and flavor is amazing!!!Been wanting to try this place - we thought it was pretty good!  We got the large platters for jerk chicken and the goat. They came on plates with a large pile of good rice, stewed cabbage, and 2 plantain slices - each was $12.00. The taste and flavors were very good. The portion of meat was about right, could have been a couple of ounces more on each. The young girl at the counter was nice and pleasant. Looking forward to going back and try their soups.The place was clean and lots of cool murals.Excellent food and healthy portions. I got the jerk chicken with rice and cabbage. I couldn't stop eating it even though I was full.From the weight of the plate to snack of the Ox tail, on point this is just tender and juicy. Mac and cheese just solid flavor goes super well with the rail, rice and peas to perfection! I will be eating here again soon... just wowLove this place. Food is unbelievable!!!! Great prices. I always get the curried goat "mini" (so much food!!) and it's delicious. Comes with 2 sides too. A must go to on south street!I ordered the curry shrimp last night with white rice and yams, and there was literally THREE SMALL SHRIMP under a pile of cauliflower, shredded carrots, and broccoli (tasted like the frozen variety). These shrimp were literally the size of one jumbo shrimp if you combined them. This platter costed $25 plus tax (the shrimp itself was listed for $17 without the sides). A total RIPOFF. GO TO RON'S INSTEAD! 
My family didn't enjoy their meal either. My husband ordered rice & yams with his jerk salmon and got cabbage & yams instead, but there were too many juices from the dish for the cabbage to sop up, making the flavors slightly overwhelming/unappetizing. Rice should be included in the meal not $4 extra (yes, plain WHITE rice). The pepper steak was alright, still very sloppy. They also ran out of everything people actually wanted (Mac & cheese, greens, chicken wings)--a waste of $60!This food indeed SLAPSSS, as another reviewer so accurately put it. I ordered a brown stew chicken, Mac and cheese, and cabbage platter which had me scraping the styrofoam container looking for more. OMG. definitely high in sodium, I say this as a person already with a very high tolerance for salt, but worth every bite. I look forward to returning. Clean establishment giving me NYC "hole in the wall" vibes with cool art painted on the ceiling and walls. 
Oh, a note about service: the gentleman who took my order had a very nonchalant demeanor, sometimes more noticeable in Caribbean cultures and perceived as rudeness. I feel in certain American cultures it is common to act very friendly and smiley as a way to express politeness. I personally appreciate all forms of expression, including from those who keep it real.2.        A
    Ya
Tyytytttrre.              wwwwww wasI'm sad that this place disappointed us so much. It was our first time visiting. We've been trying different Jamaican spots all around Philly trying to find our fav spot. We came here on a Sunday after church to try them out. My husband eagerly ordered a large curry chicken with greens and rice and peas and I ordered a large brown stew chicken with greens and mac n cheese. We waited for about 10 minutes and were told there were no more greens. 10 minutes later we were told there was no curry chicken. We had to settle for cabbage in lieu of greens and jerk chicken in lieu of curry chicken. In another 10 minutes the food was ready and as we paid we discovered the server made smalls platters instead of the large platters we originally requested. We were actually okay with it though since we were not getting our desired orders. Inside the place looked like any other Jamaican to-go resturant with about 6 booths, a television, fan and radio playing Carribean jams. We grabbed a seat to watch the Eagles game while we ate. The jerk chicken was pretty good and spicy. The cabbage was fine, just not the greens we wanted. The brown stew chicken was average at best. That mac n cheese though?..Just yuck. It even looked like old mac n cheese pieced together from the corners of several pans. The staff were so nice to us but that's really not enough to make a visit to this place again. I guess the search continues!Excellently seasoned tasty dishes truly capturing the Island flavor. The portions are sizable. Definitely on my list to return soon. Uncle Percy, thanks man, respect !Food was good, loved the cabbage and veggies great serving sizes the small was enough for me to eat for lunch and dinner. The service was a little slow but understood why overall happy with my order..I came all the way from NJ. I placed an order for two large JERK chicken platters. Once I got home, I see that I was given two large brown stewed chicken platters. I call the restaurant and let them know and they argued with me, saying that they gave me jerk. Why would I come all the way from NJ to Philadelphia to lie about what I received? I've ate jerk here several times before as well as other places and I know the difference. This is brow stewed gravy, not spicy or jerk at all. I won't be back. The customer service is terrible!!Best Jamaican food in the city period! Nothing more to it. If you like Jamaican food then this is the spot to go! I promise there's nowhere that does it like they do!Can't leave a full review because I only got a patty and a Ting soda, but: the patty was almost flavorless. Doesn't have to be a knockout spicy punch but it had less seasoning than a Taco Bell soft taco. Other folks seem to be enjoying the food here but please let me warn you off of the beef patties.3/4/20 
I came across this place as I was exploring south street and couldn't wait to have some Caribbean delicious food. So my last night in the city of brotherly love, I decided to get some and got it a few minutes before they closed. I ordered the oxtail with rice and beans and plantains. My coworker ordered the jerk chicken with macaroni and cheese and collard greens. Our food was so phenomenal we had to eat it right away. It was an overwhelming amount of food which is always great. The chef was so friendly and welcoming even though I ordered a to go meals right before closing. The restaurant is super colorful and spiritual, great visual experience. The bathroom was also clean. 
I would most definitely return here again and recommend anyone wanting to try something different, to come here and have some of their delicious soul food.This place has terrible communication and it comes across very poorly as to the management of the company. I checked on the website that is connected to their establishment and placed an order. When arrived at the store, my husband was told that the order wasn't received and that "we don't do orders under names", then when asked if the site was their site, stated that "yeah but we ain't get no online orders".....my husband came back and said they stated they don't get online orders. I called the store and when asked why the site was available If they don't get the orders, I was told that the site was not ran by them and that it would be down next week, and then the line went silent. I said hello twice and heard absolutely no one in the other end. I called back to express my dissatisfaction with a calm tone and the guy started giving me rebuttals and attitude. Please do better with your communication and customer service. I didn't ask for a handout or call screaming, I simply asked about the website and got a disconnected line and a blatant lie about why I was hung up on.Food was not as expected at all. I ordered the oxtails were not and jerk chicken. Oxtail had this weird color gravy on it and did not taste of any oxtail I am accustom to having - very very disappointed with that. Jerk chicken was not great either.  The macaroni pie or macaroni and cheese was dull - nothing special at all. Same with the rice and sweet potato (yams). Overall very bad meal.Bruh... when I tell you... this food SLAPPED... it slappeD. Best Caribbean food I've had here. My friend and I shared two small platters (curried goat + jerk chicken with rice and peas, Mac & cheese, and collard greens) and it was delicious. Good portions, great flavor, and such good service!It is truthfully among the best Caribbean food I've had thus far in Philly, all things considered, but I haven't been really impressed by anything so far. I would order from here again but wouldn't necessarily go out of my way for it. Always disappointed when roti has bones. Even after spending several minutes taking out the big pieces, every bite had slivers and shards so that wasn't enjoyable at all. Curry flavor was good and the meat was tender. Enjoyed the roti skin too, but was oddly drenched in so much sauce that it was nearly dissolved level soggy on the bottom and sides. 
The Mac and cheese was the thing I was just disappointed about. It was almost a macaroni salad, and had more salt than cheese. Still unclear why there were shreds of carrots in it. Possible they have me the wrong side i guess, though why would macaroni salad be warm and have cheese?Came here two hours after they opened on a Sunday and was told they don't have anymore jerk chicken "for now". What kind of Jamaican restaurant doesn't have jerk chicken at 2pm on a Sunday ?! Irie in Brewerytown is a much better caribbean optionBest Jamaican food in the city hands down!!! No one even comes close. I've been eating here since the late 90's and they've never disappointedI have been rewatching all of Gordon Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares and a few episodes of Carribean Restaurants popped up. I remember the authentic Jamaican foods I used to eat over ten years ago made by my friend's Jamaican mother in law and drooled thinking of it (Universe bless her soul). I couldn't take it any longer and began searching for some good Carribean restaurants other than the Jerk Hut and this place popped up. When I walked in I knew it had to be good with the place more than 50% filled (tho it's small) on a rainy night. I was greeted by a kind gentleman who I think is the chef. 
I am so happy they offer a mini size (although it isn't so mini! Very filling portion) as my sister had already gotten tamales ready for us at home. I got the jerk chicken with mac and cheese and collard greens. 
My sister and I were so excited to try this because the last good azz Carribean food we had was at my favorite Carribean (actual) Hut was in Canada. We both took a step back and fell in love with the food that our eyes popped out of our heads as in a Disney film. MAN! 
Food : the chicken was well seasoned and not super dry like most jerk chicken I have come across, and with all of the juices and flavors of the chicken just laying right on top of the delicious Mac and collards made it impossible to stop eating and I had wished to have ordered the biggest platter! Jerk spice wasn't overly spicy, just the perfect touch and the sides were so good my sister said she could have even done without the chicken. I would probably stick to the mini size because as you eat jerk spice over and over it does tend to be on the saltier side, but if I had to get HBP, I wouldn't mind getting it off of THIS place's food. 
I cannot wait to try other items in the menu. Here! Just take all of my money!!!I was on the fence at first when I decided to try out this little slice of heaven on south street. I'm glad I did because the food was delicious. This spot is a little divey with in and outdoor seating. I ordered the stewed chicken because the owner was honest and stated his jerk chicken is spicy spicy which was too much for me. My sides were rice and beans, collard greens and plantains. He ran out of cabbage which ruined the whole experience until I tasted those collards. Yessss! I was in jamaican bliss lol go check it out, he even has a mini platter just in case your not too big on alot of food at one time.I'll call this a mini-review since I haven't tried their entrées yet. The beef patty and veggie patty were both delicious and reminded me of food I was familiar with growing up. I went to a high school in Brooklyn that served homemade Jamaican beef patties every Monday for lunch. I have purchased several patties from all sorts of places around Philly and many were good, but these were among of the best I've had.