We were in the neighborhood and I thought, based on other reviews, that it looked like an interesting place to drop in. The man and woman at the store were incredibly helpful and kind. While small, they utilize their space very well to have an array of very interesting specialty food products. I wish I lived closer, but I will definitely visit again whenever nearby.Castellino's is a very welcome addition to the neighborhood! I stopped by to picked up mozzarella and ended up leaving with some prosciutto as well! I was glad to see the store stocked with basic groceries (tomatoes (fresh and canned), onions, pasta, risotto, breads from Baker Street Bread Co., spices, etc) as well as specialty items such as fancy cheese, black truffle oil, fancy meat, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and chocolates! I had a great conversation with two of the employees and discussed the stores' ambitions (they are hoping to add sausage, gelato, cannoli, coffee, among many other items!) They were both incredibly helpful and knowledgeable! I cannot wait to return and make this little shop my go to for several specialty items! LOVE the huge cheese selection.I live really close by and first went here when I was missing an ingredient I needed for dinner. Castellino's has a great selection of items at reasonable  prices. Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood. And I think they're always adding new products or items because there's always more or new stuff each time I go there.I love this place!  I was actually really surprised that the prices are so reasonable for a specialty store with high quality products! You can portion almost anything, from fresh mozzarella to peppers, fresh bread, etc, so you can get exactly what you need - and don't have to pay for a giant jar of something you won't use.  Best of all, the owners are super helpful and receptive to feedback from the neighborhood. Check it out, Fishtown! If we want to keep awesome neighborhood places like this, we need to shop local!Great sandwiches and nicely curated selection of cheese, oils, vinegars, pasta, olives, chocolate in a lovely little spot.I need a last minute party tray (meats, cheeses, olives, etc) and this place really delivered. They were flexible, gave suggestions and their pricing was reasonable. The tray was   a hit! We'll definitely be back for sandwiches in the near future.What a great addition to the neighborhood! We live a few blocks away and have been eyeing this corner store since we first saw the signs. We saw that it was open on our walk back for dinner and decided to stop in and check it out. It was exactly what I hoped for. It has a great selection of Italian meats and all types of cheeses and gourmet items. And the owners (Cara and Matt, I think we're their names) were super friendly. I definitely see myself coming by here to stock up on cheese a charcuterie necessities!Fantastic little Sicilian grocery and sandwich shop in the heart of Fishtown. The owners are great people who care about their products, their customers, and the neighborhood. I tried the Fig Pig sandwich along with a bag of groceries - sandwich was excellent! Neat grocery items that we're excited to try. Really happy to have this in the neighborhood!Adorable little deli/market that fits perfectly in the neighborhood. Friendly service, tasty sandwiches with fresh ingredients.Just had the best sandwich from this new place! The NEPA was outstanding! Hot Soppressata, roasted red peppers, creamy mozzarella, arugula and oil and vinegar. I love that you don't have to commit to a foot-long hoagie if your appetite is small: they sell half as well as full size sandwiches.Their marinated artichoke hearts are a winner too! I'll be coming back!A great little neighborhood market with great sandwiches. I ordered the Italian hoagie and it was delicious. Every ingredient was sliced fresh in front of me, the delicious meats were piled on, and the arugala provided a great contrast.Love this place! Was in the neighborhood shopping and have been meaning to stop by for a while so finally did. I got the hoagie and my husband got the adranos. One of the best hoagies I've had! The owner (I think) also offered us some samples of roast beef (really good according to my husband), peppercorn Asiago, and some kind of middle eastern dessert made from sesame paste (so good!) We also picked up some deli meat, cheese and olives. Maybe it's a good thing I don't live very close bc I'd probably go all the time! :)This place is the real deal -- amazing selection of domestic and imported goods, delicious sandwiches with the freshest ingredients, and a wonderful, friendly, and helpful staff to boot! Please give them a visit -- we did and are so happy they are on our hood! We hope they stay forever!!Such a cute place, really nice staff, fun but also practical selection of items for sale (cheese, pasta, spreads, baked goods). Prices are reasonable, and the treats I've tried (Florentine cookie, shortbread cookie, Napoleon cake) have all been scrumptious. So nice to have this kind of spot within walking distance.Between the deli, the sandwiches, the selection of Italian dry goods my grandmother would love, and the extremely friendly service, it brings me back to living near the Italian Market as a kid.
Primo's is just a few blocks away from here but I prefer the italian hoagie from Castellino's. The meat is sliced thin enough to see through and they put sherry vinegar on it which is a very nice touch. 
The owner is super friendly and actively asks his patrons for feedback and recommendations on items to carry. The deli meat is very high quality  and he's not afraid to offer a few samples while you're shopping.
I could go on and on, but if you're in the area, check it out for yourself, you won't be disappointed.Stopped by for lunch when we were walking in the neighborhood. What a great spot! Really friendly and accommodating owners and team, with a great offering of groceries and ingredients for a fairly small space. 
Most importantly, our sandwiches (Fig and Pig, Caprese with Prosciutto added) were delicious. Wish we lived in Fishtown so we could go more regularly--a lovely, tasty neighborhood spot.I agree with everyone else.  This is a great addition to Fishtown.  The sandwiches are high quality on fantastic bread with fresh and tasty ingredients.  The owners are very nice and friendly.An awesome little Italian meat/cheese/produce shop in Fishtown. Really nice owners/employees, and a great selection of high-quality products at TOTALLY reasonable prices. Such a welcome addition to the neighborhood! 
p.s. they have A+++ sandwiches at lunchtime and a little table outside for eating.Lovely little place for delicious Italian sandwiches. All fresh ingredients- no lie. Hidden gem, truly. Please go eat here if you're ever in Fishtown!Best Italian hoagie in the city hands down. And you get to support a locally owned small business! Can't recommend this place enough.i was hankering for a proper hoagie and stumble a pond their place from yelp research. 
Owners are very friendly and offer a sample of prosciutto, and the sandwich they make is over the top beautiful. it isn't your ordinary sandwich you typically order, its freshly slice from the order. Not to mention generous with the daily meats. its not cheap but its worth it with the high quality ingredients they use. They really put love into their sandwiches, visually and flavorful. Highly recommend it!!!Fantastic sandwiches. The service is phenomenal as well. I'll recommend to anyone in the area.Beyond excited that these guys are in the neighborhood. Great selection of cured meats, cheeses, bread and gourmet goods. I can't wait to come back and try more treats!Really well executed sandwiches. Great deli selection - cannot wait to host people for charcuterie. And has the highlights of fine specialty Italian selections. They pack a lot of stuff in a cute neighborhood shop. Will be back again this weekend. People in the neighborhood should absolutely check them out.I absolutely love this place. My favorite in Philadelphia. 
They're sandwiches are amazing.Gave this place a try today and completely loved it.  In the past I've avoided the depressing corner delis in this neighborhood, but this shop is a refreshing and welcomed change.  
Things that were great:
- My fig sandwich
- My chocolate croissant
- The service
- The generally upbeat vibe.  
I'll definitely be lunching here again soon!An awesome shop! 
I picked up their hoagie the other day and was so happy that I did. It was definitely a step up from the standard Italian sub that you'll find elsewhere. I can't wait to try their other sandwiches in the future. 
It's also really nice that they have a little grocery section where you can pick up pasta, cheeses, or charcuterie.If I could give this place 10 stars I would all day long. We usually go to this gem for imported cheese and chorizo but today we discovered the miracle that is their Italian Hoagie! The freshest italian I've ever had and honestly up there with my hands down favorite Pastificos. These owners are awesome, friendly and make the best products. MUST TRY!I stopped in today looking for a sandwich on this cold day. This place was a 10 minute slow walk from my place. I ordered the Caprese and Veg Italian! Let me just say....amazing! I would definitely come back here again. It was extremely reasonably priced. I wish I took pictures of my sandwiches but I was so hungry I ate them. I would not second think about this place next time I'm craving a sandwich. I will definitely be back!Best sandwiches in the neighborhood hands down! Great selection of specialty goods as well. But seriously best deli sandwiches in the area.Such good.hoagies and super friendly staff. Once I peered in the window to see if they were open so I could pick it some basil.  they were closed, and I kept on walking, but the owner then came out and said they would let me take a look around. Super considerate and high quality.I haven't written a yelp review in a thousand years, but I'm coming out of retirement to let y'all know that THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. Every sandwich I have had from them has been one of the best I've had in the city, and I still have a few more to try! They have a VERY good selection of meats and cheeses as well is an entire grocery area with special treats, drinks,  and things you just can't get at most places. The staff is welcoming, knowledgeable, and fun to chat with about all of the things they offer. I can't recommend this place enough. A gem in Fishtown. Support them because they deserve it and you tummy will thank you.the lady's at ramona susan's bake shop recommended stopping at this little shop. it was a surprising treat. delicious sandwich and an interestin selection of other pantry items. a great addition to the neighborhood!Excellent sandwiches!  Great selection of food delicacies.  They even had guanciale.Great lil Italian corner deli. It's as if one teleported from Italy. The owner is super friendly and helpful.I love this place so much. I haven't tried their sandwiches yet (even though I heard they're amazing) but the selection of specialty groceries, cheeses, olives, etc. is so exciting and so wonderful. The halva they import is my nemesis but also my one true love. I have to be careful not to eat the entire container in one sitting. Such friendly people, such a great store.What a wonderful little shop.
Their sandwiches are the best around. They use top quality meats & cheeses, good bread, fine olive oil & vinegar.  I'm currently working through their sandwich list and with two down I am thus far not disappointed. 
Try their almond croissant, it's the best I've ever had. Pretty good baklava too. 
Aside from prepared food, there is a top notch selection of charcuterie items, including honey, pickled items, and condiments. I highly recommend the pesto gouda.Amazing sandwhiches and Italian eats. I like to stop in here often because they always have new things to try. The couple that own it are super friendly and always go the extra mile for us. Real great addition to the communityThe ABSOLUTE BEST hoagies in Philly!!!!! So flavorful and fresh!!!! The Fig Pig is a MUST try!!!! The team there is friendly and awesome too! I travel from Jersey- it's so worth the drive!What a wonderful little boutique grocery to open in Fishtown!   I noticed a blurb about them in the fall, taking special note because of the name of the shop.  Anyway, I stopped in and was really pleased with my experience.  
The owners were super friendly. They offered me a filled date because they were trying out a recipe and wanted feedback. As I looked over the pantry items and the refrigerated goods we chatted about their goods. They asked for input about other items to stock. We chatted about the neighborhood.  
I thought their prices were really good. They have a nice selection of Italian food stuffs (sweet, savory, oils, pastas etc). Don't expect a selection like you would find at Claudio's but they do have the highlights. I picked up a scone, some blood oranges and an olive spread.  I definitely saw some items I plan on getting in the future (pasta, OO flour and truffle honey....maybe some cheese too). They had a small selection of lovely looking bread as well.  
They also make sandwiches and party trays.  
I REALLY hope this does well. I love the Italian Market but it would be awesome to be able to get Italian specialty items in my own neighborhood.They did it again! They helped me package together the most amazing picnic basket for my wife's push present! Honestly, blown away by their kindness, freshness of product, generosity and on and on and on. This is a must visit and if you're nice enough, ask for a picnic basket...you will NOT be disappointed. Thank you so much for the wonderful basket, you guys are fantastic.Awesome sandwiches and great prices. Visiting from New York I was looking a solid hoagie place. Super fresh ingredients and stacked sandwich. Wish it was back home!A+ food and service. They don't do Uber eats which is extremely commendable. They're here for the food and the neighborhood. Thank you for being part of the neighborhood.I'm just a sfogliatelle for love. And for local specialty food markets cum delis:
Stopped here on a recent Philly trip to try some, you guessed it, sfogliatelle. Got to chatting with the friendly proprietor and found myself wishing my neighborhood had a corner shop like this. Warm and engaging gets me every single time. Plus I really love me some salt of the earth Philly-style charm.
Was thrilled to come across a big flat round loaf of airy, crusty bread to bring back home to make muffalettas. And the mini sfogliatelle that inspired my visit were revived beautifully after a few minutes in a 350 F oven.
Noticed that they carry Irish products, too, and when I asked about it, was told something to the effect of, "We believe in offering everything that's delicious. It doesn't have have to be Italian." With that in mind, this is also a great resource, should you want to track down Soom Tahini, made famous by Philly Zahav Chef, Michael Solomonov.
On the evening I stopped by, I was already in a semi food coma, courtesy of a roast pork and broccoli raab sandwich from DiNic's. So I was sad I had no tummy space for a hoagie. Definitely next time!Really happy to see this place open in the neighborhood. It's great not to have to trek all the way down to south phila. Friendly owners who are open to suggestions on particular items you're looking for.I can't say this enough-what a wonderful place. The owners are not only generous with the amount of food they give you but they are also generous with their time with every single one of their patrons. Love their hoagies.Very nice spot for really good hoagies/sandwiches. Fresh to order meats and cheeses. Glad I found still spot for lunch. Will be back again.Good food.  Good people. Definitely worth circling the neighborhood for parking. We moved into the neighborhood last month and have already been here twice.We've gotten lucky to get a few new little grocery stores in Fishtown, and Castellino's is by far my favorite. The prices are fair for the quality (honestly, way lower than I'd expected when I first came here), and they've always got a nice stock of garlic/basil/etc. Also always a good selection of cookies at the counter, it's important to round out your grocery shopping with these. Best of all, the owners are incredibly friendly and helpful. If you haven't shopped here yet, please start, because I want to make sure our neighborhood never loses them!!Based on their "Hoagie" (their take on a very traditional Italian hoagie) I must say the following:
That sandwich was fresh, delicious, and made with quality ingredients.  The bread was superb.
I will be back to sample more of their offerings.
The rest: it's a small corner shop at Palmer n Thompson, and they have a small Water Ice stand on Thompson.
The staff is courteous, professional, friendly.  That includes the water ice stand, where my daughter loves the water ice after we play at Fishtown Rec.
If you don't have a fear of bread, hit them up.  
They have some specialty grocery items as well, though I didn't peruse them as I should have.Awesome little deli and grocery shop. They pack a lot of quality into a tiny corner store. Their sandwiches are excellent, though a bit fancier than your average hoagie. It's nice to be able to get good charcuterie without going to center city or the 9th street market.
Also, they have a separate gelato window open during the summer, but not many people know about it.I've been eating hoagies for over 60 years from almost everywhere in Philadelphia. Castellinos is by far 1000 times better than anywhere in the city. It's a totally different experience from eating at any other hoagie place in the city. The best hoagie as far as I'm concerned is the NEPA. Take my word for it you will not find anything better anywhere. Kenny and the staff are absolutely great and your sandwich is always ready when you call your order in. Do yourself a favor don't believe me try for yourself you will love it. Thanks for everything Kenny. By the way I drive 45 minutes up and back each way just to get their hoagies. From BarrySo lucky to have Castellino's just a few blocks away. We were hosting a shower and had ordered their small tray. It was beautifully presented and tasted amazing. Everyone was raving about the peppercorn cheese. The ordering process was super easy and the tray was ready exactly as requested. I'll be using them for any future party trays.Solid hoagie packed with ingredients and flavor, but fairly slow service for a not-so-busy day. I think the hoagie was made with care and attention, but was disappointed in the expediency here. 
The actual shop is unique, full of high-quality items. It's easy enough to remember what they carry for a quick visit to grab something you forget at the supermarket. I probably would use it only in this capacity.
I can see myself returning here, but only as a matter of convenience, since it is close to my kid's school, not really as any other circumstance, though.Looked this place up on Yelp, it didn't disappoint at all, beautiful, fresh ingredients, great taste and wonderful staff!! This place even has Hank's Hot Sauce!!! Don't know Hank's?? Definitely try it out, I highly recommend it, go for the Camouflage, my favorite!!Such a great place with yummy and authentic sandwiches! Great little spot. Will come back often!Great hoagies; our friend's recommendation was spot on. I almost gave a 4 star review only because they ran out of gluten free bread, but my wife at least got one of the biggest, meatiest salads I've ever seenThis is such a gem in our neighborhood. I've been here on two occasions. The first time, they were very busy with multiple large sandwich orders, so the wait was a lot longer than usual for sandwiches. One of the employees came around after about 15-20 minutes and  gave us a free almond croissant since we had to wait. (Side note - try the almond croissant. So good.) The sandwiches were phenomenal - they slice the meats in house right as they're making your sandwich, so they all taste really fresh. That's why it takes a bit of time to make each one. 
The second time I came back, I was looking for a marinated fresh mozzarella mix that I had bought the last time which was nowhere to be found. The employee took the time to make me the same mix that I was looking for since it was sold out. This time, even though there were 4 people in front of me in line, I waited less than 10 minutes for them to hand craft my sandwich. 
Long story short - The sandwiches are all really, really good. And they have a great selection of cured meats, cheeses, and other really good staples for your kitchen. The customer service is on point. I love this place.They're just so nice! They keep adding all kinds of goodies. I love poking around in there.After months of research, I approached Castellino's to see if they could help me with catering for a surprise birthday party for my husband. We were traveling to Philadelphia from Florida so we were doing the planning from afar. Cara Jo and Jill were absolutely wonderful. They worked with us to create every dish we requested and kept everything within our budget. They delivered on time the day of the event and the presentation was beautiful!! The spring salad mix was almost too pretty to eat. And the food? When my Italian/American restaurant-background in-laws were impressed I knew I had made the right choice. Thank you Castellino's for going above and beyond and adding beauty and flavor to a wonderful weekend.Amazing little deli with perfectly made hoagies and a great selection of specialty foods and drinks.Best Italian hoagie I've ever had; hands down.  Owned by a husband and wife couple who share a passion for quality ingredients and service.Delicious, delicious, delicious. 
Never been before. I called and placed an order on the phone, was ready in 20 minutes. I couldn't find a recent menu online but the Yelp picture from 3-4 years ago is still accurate for their hoagies. I got the Aunt Lucy, the Italian hoagie, and their daily baked chocolate Napoleon and mini lobster tails (sfogliatelle). This place holds it down. Small corner store. Clean, neat, friendly and organized. Will not disappoint. Eat hereAmazing sandwiches and friendly staff. Great place to have in the neighborhood. Highly recommend!Best Italian hoagies I've found in Philly. Everything is so fresh and has such a high quality. Every time my family comes to visit they only want to get lunch from Castellino's, we get a variety and cut them up for everyone to try something different! Amazing I just love this place.I was craving a truly good sandwich today so it was time to try Castellino's. I don't know what I've been doing until now, twiddling my thumbs apparently. This place is a goldmine! A tiny shop located in Fishtown with equal parts random grocery items, prepared sides, produce, meats/cheeses, homemade baked goods, and what I came for - made-to-order deli sandwiches. I tried the "Fig Pig": prosciutto, marscapone, roasted red peppers, and fig jam. Grabbed a bag of hot pepper kettle cooked chips to throw on top (a sandwich without chips on it isn't really a sandwich). DAMN. It was SO GOOD. Love the salty/sweet combo and the creaminess of the marscapone. Comes on ciabatta, but I swapped it out for a seeded long roll. Seriously delicious sandwich and really friendly staff who answered all my questions AND provided snacks while I waited. So glad I found Castellino's!The sandwiches were delicious! We shared the Andrones, Caprese and Italian. The Andrones was my favorite. 
I plan on returning soon. 
Very friendly!I am so glad my husband and I decided to check out Castellino's on Saturday night! We were coming home from New York and were absolutely famished--always a scary time to be unleashed in a food store! As we waited for our sandwiches (the adrano and the franklin), we perused the excellent selection of meats, cheeses, oils/vinegars, beverages, olives, snacks and more. These guys pack A LOT of high quality products into a tiny space! 
We ended up with two cheeses, some castelvetrano olives, poppy seed flatbread crisps and a couple small bags of chips to go along with the sandwiches. We also spent some time chatting with the owner, who could not have been nicer and who also gave us a couple snacks while we waited. One of which was some sort of Italian dessert with a chocolate malt taste that we all agreed would be delicious in a milkshake. I forget what it's called but I will be sure to pick some up next time! 
And there will be a next time. Our sandwiches were delicious! I was so happy with my spicy adrano, but once I tried a bite of the franklin I had to convince my husband to swap piece for piece! Our biggest mistake was not getting an extra sandwich for the next day. 
Castellino's made a big first impression and I will definitely keep them in mind for anytime I am in the Fishtown vicinity. What a gem!Best sandwiches in Philly for sure. Great portions. Made with love. Good on the go or right there.Great selection of bread, cheeses, meats, and jams! I stopped by a little after they closed, but the store owner was kind enough to re-open, talk me through what they had (I was hosting a late get-together and short on snacks), and bring out a wide selection of options to choose from on a table (as you still can't enter the store because of COVID). 
All options were fresh and reasonably priced, but this review deserves 5 stars purely because of their friendliness and hospitality! Just moved to Fishtown and will definitely be frequenting their business.A nice little shop.  The sandwiches are well prepared with fresh ingredients and sliced to order Italian meats.  The owners are also very accommodating.  Prices are very reasonable.Castellino's really does have the perfect hoagie. Everything in it is good, but strangely I keep thinking about how good the arugula is. Fresh, spicy and perfectly dressed. 
Also, all the pop ups that happen out of their side kitchen are such a bright spot in the neighborhood. Love this place.Food- Excellent super fresh ingredients. Always appreciate a decently priced and filling vegetarian meal.
Atmosphere- Cute and quaint. Not for large parties because theres only a couple two tops but great for a quick bite or takeout.
Service- Really friendly and responsive staffWhy has it taken us a full year to try a place so close to our house? My husband and I walked past today and decided to try it out... better late than never. AMAZING hoagies, a slew of specialty italian products, reasonable prices for deli meats and cheeses. Can't wait to come back soon to purchase ingredients for a cheese plate!Castellino's has become my go-to spot for everything. It's the most convenient, yet most delicious and high quality little corner shop in the area. Need an extra ingredient you forgot to pickup at the grocery store? Come here. Need fancy and unique items for a charcuterie or cheese board? Come here. Just can't decide what to make for lunch or dinner? Come here. There's a little bit of everything for all your wants and needs.
As for the sandwiches........ O. M. G. I look for any excuse to order a Spicy Nepa. Road trip? Don't feel like cooking? Want to take a stroll outside and just happen to [intentionally] walk past Castellino's? You name it, I will jump at the chance to feast on one of these. No exaggeration - I'm usually good about taking and uploading pictures to Yelp, but every time I get my hands on a Nepa, I lose all train of thought and inhale it immediately. I've also had the Hoagie and Adranos (which are both really good), but I can't help but keep coming back to old faithful.
Other than the variety of tasty and fresh products, another great thing about this place is that everyone who works here is beyond kind and accommodating. Example: I didn't realize that the giant 2lb bag of arugula in the fridge wasn't for sale, and one of the staff offered to weigh it out for me if I wanted to buy some. It was so sweet (but also semi embarrassing on my part). 
If you're in the area and need a meal or an appetizer or an ingredient of any sort, definitely stop by. You'll find what you're looking for and more.