Being within walking distance to this spot is one of the main reasons why I miss living in Bella Vista/Hawthorne. Perfectly designed space, baristas that are the opposite of a lot of Philly douchebag baristas, excellent coffee, and a ton of charm.No matter how crowded it may seem when I've walked through the door, I'm always greeted with a sense of calm.  It's the ease of the service, the mood of the music, the ever changing talents of artwork on the walls, and the soothing coffee drinks.  For serious, I've never been let down by their luscious concoctions.
If you can grab a table or even a comfy chair in one of the middle rooms, you're sure to fall in love with it, too.  And I don't know who the hell controls the music selection in there, but oh my damn...they should be programming their own radio station at this point.  Amen.I was in Philadelphia on a trip, and was looking for a cute coffee house. I must have come on an "art night" (not sure how often a week this happens) because the place was packed. It was about 8pm, there was no place to sit, and barely enough room to move. This is fine, it's an event, you can't rate a place based on that. But... the barista, a twenty-something guy with long hair, was so unpleasant it ruined the whole experience for me. I asked about sandwiches, he said they were all out. Of ALL of them. Okay. I asked about a coffee. He said they didn't make that particular style. No biggie. So I order a plain iced coffee and day-old danish, and as he is ringing me up, I ask about what was going on and if it was always this busy, as this was my first time. He looks at me and shrugs, "I don't know." Seriously? 
He must have made my coffee and placed it on the counter without me knowing, because next thing I know he's making a smoothie. I'm watching him, confused, and we made eye contact several times. It wasn't until he served that smoothie to someone else, he lets me know my coffee is ready. 
I can't rate the coffee shop since it was an off night, and the coffee was decent, but a talk with the staff about courtesy and customer service could go a long way.Went here later in the evening to get some studying done. Cappuccino was a lackluster effort and very bitter. Plenty of room to study though. Not very quiet for an art gallery combo. Don't think I would head back for either the studies or the coffee.Splendid java hole.  Beverages = creative & fun.  Staff = relaxed &  interesting folk.  Can waste a day away reading & surfing here - esp in the back where you feel you are looking out at your own backyard.Great coffee, good food. Wonderful light in all the rooms -- even the basement. My only critique is that it is so popular that it is often hard to find seating later in the day.Dear Chapterhouse,
I dont feel loved or appreciated anymore.  You never smile when you see me.  You don't enjoy making me coffee in the morning like you used, you never put the cute lil java art on the cappucinos anymore... I have found another who smiles and likes to make me coffee, better coffee, with a smile....so long....
Sincerely,
Brew Ultimo's new girlNot a coffee shop for coffee lovers... Lots of flavored mochas lattes and whatnot built on over roasted espresso.  Urban modern hipster vibe inside with typical ambient music.  Interior design is nice. Lots of seating with wifi. If you're into the flavored "coffee" drinks, sandwiches and whatnot (like my wife), this place will be great for you.Excellent location, lovely vibes inside, pleasant happy staff.  Starbucks is fine if you're on the Jersey turnpike, but if you have the choice, go for something a little special and have a cup at the chapterhouse.Great ambience. Adorable dog. Coffee is yummy as is Mexican hot chocolate. Service is great too. Can't think of a single thing I disliked. A longer, less telegraphic review when I'm at a computer stopI'll start by saying this place is over rated on yelp.  
But I absolutely do like coming here.  
For me a coffee shop is mostly about the ambiance than anything.  This is the library of coffee shops.  If you are in grad school, spend your weekend here like me.  Many of the patrons attend jefferson and the rest of us are getting our respective advanced degrees with the help of chatperhouses's free wifi, and caffeine.  
This is not a place to come with your friends to catch up.  There is often one loud awkward table that receives many dirty looks as the rest of us write papers and cram for exams.   
The drinks are a little over priced and it's probably the priciest small coffee in the neighborhood.  The upstairs is comfortable and if you are lucky you can grab one of those bungee cord chairs vs the metal ones in the back room.  If you can't find a table upstairs you must retreat to the dungeon of the basement which will probably help you get more work done as you'll spend less time people watching.  But it's not as friendly feeling with the lack of natural lighting.  
All in all chapterhouse is a great spot to get work done, admire the art on the walls, drink some coffee, people watch, and maybe even play a QUIET game of scrabble.What a great place for great organic coffee. Beats the heck out of Starbucks If you want something a little more trendy, They pour the very best with the best service! You must try it out And will not be disappointed .My husband and I were bombing around Philly in the cold, and we wanted to grab a cup of tea at the Chapterhouse. It looked like a great space. Unfortunately, the owner was the only one there, and he was a little busy, so we weren't able to get served. I'm hoping to try the place again the next time we come to town.This is my new favorite local coffee house! You should check it out too.  It's just a block south of Starbucks. I was very pleasantly surprised by how large it is! I will be back because of the great service, quality of coffee, food and artwork. 
Try the tomato mozzarella and basil sandwich! It is grilled to order. The coffee was great too!I red the raving reviews and hoping to get a decent cappuccino I stopped by. Very disappointing. The cappuccinos are just bad. They taste like ashes rather then espresso (maybe the beans are roasted to long?). I also noticed my cappuccino was prepared in an unprofessional way. The milk was steamed for to long. This resulted with lumps of foam and over-steamed congealed  milk film. Grossness! 
The place has a very hipster ambiance and the people are definitely supper cool. If you are looking for a cool people hangout you got the right spot. But don't count on a decent cappuccino. :(Cute little cafe by magic garden. They have Nutella latte !! So delicious ! Also it seem like a great place to study.This was a great place to spend a few hours on a rainy day. They have an extensive list of unique latte combinations; I went for a spiced latte and my boyfriend went for the Mexican mocha latte. I asked for mine to be less sweet than usual and it ended up being a smooth, tasty drink with a flavor comparable to a chai latte but, of course, with the power of espresso supporting it. I also got a lemon blueberry scone, which was moist and lightly sweet with a nice crunch from the frosting, although I really didn't get any lemon flavor and only rarely tasted blueberry. They had some eclectic but not obtrusive music playing in the background, there were plenty of outlets, and they had very comfortable bungy chairs everywhere. I would not hesitate to come back again if I needed to get a little work done.my favorite place in bella vista to get coffee. I love their spacious interior (with basement seatings) and their cheap refills. great place to spend the day at to study or do work. usually pretty quiet during weekdays. might get a bit busy on weekends though, especially when the weather outside isn't too great. fast wifi and the plethora of outlets definitely puts this place over the top.Didn't notice it when I've walked by in the past - the name of the place is not displayed prominently on the outside, so keep an eye out if this is your first time! I really enjoy this cafe. It's got many separate rooms for sitting, plus many different kinds of sitting arrangements - bar, armchair, couch, and table. Prices are amazing compared to the Starbucks at the other end of the block.This place is so so sooo good. I was in philly and stayed with a friend for about 2 weeks, I visited this place almost everyday and tried everything on their menu. Their nutella latte is simply the best. The sandwiches especially the grilled cheesy one is heavenly. Must visit. I really miss visiting the place now. Next time when I visit my friend I think I am going to be more excited to have the nutella latte. I know my friend would agree too coz she loves the place too.I absolutely loved this cafe. The amount of options was just perfect and not overwhelming. It is not steered just towards coffee or tea. It has non coffee options like mexican hot chocolate  and dominican hot chocolate and other flavored options. I went with the melange latte which is a special blend here and a signature item. It was really well brewed the coffee was't burned or steamed to hot. It gave a light sweet flavor and was smooth throughout. I wish this was closer to me because it would be a regular stop for me.I can't believe there was no listing for this.  This is the BEST cafe in the city.  The environment is amazing.  There's all this really cool furniture to sit in, and really interesting pottery on the tables.  
A chess board is always nearbye as are a great selection of weird and intriguing books.  Also, the music is excellent, for those of us with underground tastes.  
The whole place is just really authentic.  There's even home made soda. The guy who runs it is pretty cool too.  If you have to hit up one cafe in philly, check out this one!  Its a block under south street, which might be a bit of a walk, but you won't regret it.  
Highly recommended!I am a huge fan of chapterhouse! There is a ton of seating which is always a plus for coffee shops. Their food and drinks are delicious and there are plenty of vegan / vegetarian options. Definitely worth a stop if you need somewhere to do work or a good cup of coffee.Chapterhouse is my #1 go-to for coffee in the Bella Vista area!  The ambiance is so relaxing and homey, the staff is friendly, there is free WiFi and plenty of seating available!  I've tried a few of their teas, coffee, and their bagels (and other assorted baked goods) and I've been pleased every time.  They also have a small living room style area complete with a sofa, coffee table and a stack of board games!  It's a wonderful place to hang out whether you are alone or with friends.Having walked past this place a thousand times on the way to the Italian market, I never stopped in because of the "and gallery" part of the name. I thought it was primarily an art gallery but with a cafe, but my friend convinced me to go in. 
We only stayed on the first floor, but other reviews make it sound like there's more! This is one of the most hipster places I've been to in the city. There's a lot of seating and even this weird couch that could only comfortably seat two people facing opposite directions by a fireplace with board games and advertisements for comic fests, art shows, etc. 
The drink menu is hardly visible to the human eye because it's printed out lying on the counter that is exactly the same color as the menu. After calling in Magnum P.I., we were able to find it. There are so many drinks on the menu, like so many! I ordered an "iced tea soda," what the guy told us was a mixture of iced tea, seltzer, and syrup. It was tasty. 
I'll come back on a colder day to try a warm coffee or latte (Mexican mocha caught my eye), or maybe even on my way to South Philly.I am visiting from Nashville and had been looking forward trying out this cafe, which is near my friend's house.
My friend and I both had the Spice Latte. For a $4.00 coffee beverage it was quite disappointing. She ordered hers sans cinnamon syrup. Both of us thought the drink was lacking any umph; the coffee factor was weak and the spices were just not enough. Essentially, it tasted very watered down. 
The space is lovely: spacious with comfortable tables and chairs, artwork for sale displayed on the walls, and wifi. The inner space is like a library, where you feel apologetic for speaking even in hushed tones. I prefer a cafe where you can chat with a friend without getting the stare down from over a laptop screen.  
The service was friendly.
Unfortunately, I cannot afford to spend $4.00 on ambiance alone, given there are plenty of alternatives that serve good coffee.I love this place, end of story. Whether I'm looking to meet up with someone or to get some work or reading done, Chapterhouse is my go-to. It is perfect in every way. 
And they make a mean soy latte.cute little cafe at the corner.
my soy latte was pretty good. 
good place to sit and study or chat with friendsA cute cafe with lots of tables (there are more seats downstairs). It is really quiet so it is perfect for being productive. Good selection of drinks as well. Plus free wifiGot the nutella latte and mocha melange, so delicious! the atmosphere is very comfortable, casual hang out spot. Love the artwork they have, lots of space. My only concern was that the drinks were not hot enough, but my friend went back for a second latte and asked for it extra hot and turned out wellMy favorite place to work in this area: coffee, outlets, wifi, and friendly staff. And their peanut butter cookies are deeeelicious.Great selection of teas, coffees and smoothies. Relaxing environment to read.
Warning, it gets crowded very often, so be prepared.I came in thinking that it would be a small quaint cafe but this cafe is quite spacious with a ton of tables. I came here on a Sunday so there's quite a few people studying and the workers were quite friendly... although one looked kind of moody. I ordered one of the Italian sodas called summer soda. Honestly I thought I would be wowed by the flavor but I wasn't which is why I only rated the place as a 3. It's like a grape soda. If I were to come back I think I would try some of their smoothies or hot chocolates and their pastries.This cafe is one of my favorite cafes to study in. The ambiance of studying with the roasted coffee scents and being surrounded with beautiful art paintings is great for those who need to seclude themselves to do some work. On top of that there are lots of spaces to study in, including a basement floor. The drinks and cookies are refreshing and scrumcious!Coffee is incredibly average. I adore the layout of the place though, and you can play board games if you get bored. It's a nice place to sit down and do work if you manage to find a seat.I have a confession to make. I have lived a half block from the chapterhouse for going on 3 years, and I had never been there. I do not know why. I've always been a starbucks girl, even though I know I shouldn't have. Even though I support local eating, drinking, marketing everywhere in the city, no CH....so why? well, I'm here to tell you I have no clue why. none. at. all. (it probably is because they're cash only, and until recently I never actually used cash, don't ask) 
However- we recently decided to go, and I don't think I ever needto step foot in Starbucks again. Because I love it here. 
I don't use the word love very often. my boyfriend knows this. I feel it negates it's meaning if you tell it to everything constantly. But I think I really love it here. I want to curl up in a chair and just stay. Which is sad because I generally go here the most when I'm already late for work and grabbing a latte to go. Their lattes are unlike anything I've ever had. The espresso they use is bold, yet mellow and not bitter at all. The soy milk they use (lactose and me we are not friends) is the tastiest soy milk I've had in many years as a soy drinker. 
The place is lovely. It really is. I need to spend some more time just hanging out here because I think I could find a nice home here. As so many other writers have said. I was at a Amanda Palmer show this past year and she was on stage talking about how much she loved it here. She's right. it's lovely, maybe that's what finally sparked the interest in going in. It was like ever since her show I kept thinking, I should really try this place. 
Anyway. I usually get a iced soy latte, or a black and white soy latte, or the iced coffee. I've seen the gorgeous things they do with the steamed milk going into the espresso, they truly are artists at the coffee bar. Basically, I think this is the start of a very nice relationship, hopefully it's as excited as I am about it.I love the chairs here.  They are so comfortable, which is surpirsing since they are made of bungee cords.  
On the weekends, it can be tough to find a spot since a lot of people are studying here and come early and stay all day.  The internet can come and go. 
The drinks and food is usually pretty good. The reason I gave it 4 and not 5 stars is some of the baristas are not very friendly.Passing by Philadelphia and googled this place. Very nice and relaxing inside with a few pieces of art strewn across the walls. Not bad for a traveling Saturday evening...I've recently moved about six blocks further from my old go-to coffee place and was looking for something to replace it. There were several local options but Chapterhouse not only beats out the nearby competitors, it made me glad I'd moved. 
The drinks are great, and there is a lot of variety when choosing between teas, mocha/lattes, and hot chocolates. Alternative milk options are free and the staff is open minded about variations on the menu. The baked goods vary from day to day, and the sandwich options are all very tasty, if a touch pricey. Unfortunately, the side salad that comes with sandwiches is a little sad, but that's hardly the reason one comes to Chapterhouse.
The real selling point isn't actually the coffee, but the atmosphere. The decor is an exceptional balance of artsy, low-tech, refined, and hip. Some of the seats are a bit odd or unusually placed, but that ends up adding to the overall aesthetic. I also constantly approve of the music selection, which is just quirky enough to stand out while remaining very accessible.
The staff are universally friendly and helpful - they began recognizing me after just a couple visits and recommending new items that they thought I hadn't tried yet. The coffeehouse allows dogs, and actually has a shop dog named Jessica who is well-behaved enough not to eat food off of your plate (until she thinks you're done with it, at least).
Unless you're allergic to dogs or simply too far away, I can't think of any reason you wouldn't want to try Chapterhouse. The only improvement I would wish for is some kind of loyalty program, whether it be Lokalty or punch-cards.I experienced Chapterhouse this weekend for the first time and I am in love! There is so much room to study here, and it helps that the decor is beautiful! I loved how there were so many like-minded individuals so caught up in their work that it was so quiet. We only had coffees, and they were decent (nothing amazing). My only critique is that the internet was quite slow (could be due to the fact that I was in the basement).This cafe became the best cafe in Philly the week it opened. The layout and environment are perfect. The coffee is OK, but the sandwiches make up for it. The place has a mixture of  a homey/modern and  an industrial feel to it, which makes me feel creative and alive just by siting down. Also, the wall art is always amazing.
It's been packed with no seats available a few times I went, but it makes sense why others would love hanging out/studying there all day. The owners and staff are laid back, yet attentive to everyone. The place is also dog friendly, which is an added bonus.
If i could give them 5.5 stars, I would.Love this place! Skip the Starbucks on 9th & South, head one block south to Bainbridge and support local!
I love hanging at this place. We chose this location as a meeting for our monthly book club because they have a large table downstairs which you can reserve for large groups at specific times. I also love how big it is, there are two floors with plenty of tables, so you can always find somewhere to sit. They are open until 10pm, so it's a great place to hang at any time of the day!
I know this is weird, but one of my favorite things about this place is the chairs they have! The seat and back support are lined with a bungee-cord material which looks strange and uncomfortable, but I LOVE THEM! They are so bouncy and comfy and I totally want them for my apartment!!!!!!!!!!
They have free Wi-fi, just ask for the password at the counter when you order. The staff has always been very friendly and the service has always been very fast. I've had a variety of different hot and cold drinks and have never been disappointed. I've never ordered food, but the selection looks impressive and always smells great when someone nearby is eating! 
If you need a spot to study or to cozy up to a good book, head to Chapterhouse!review for this hasnt changed. throughout my last year in philly was always one of my happy spots. whenever i wanted to do work, get away, read a book or a nice cup of coffee. my go to place. 
love it and will miss it! a lot.I love this place. There are so many seats that even when it's packed on the weekends, you'll be able to find a good spot. The food and drinks are delicious - definitely get the sandwiches and their special lattes. The only two things that are a little inconvenient are the $10 card minimum (I just end up buying a lot of food, so it's worth it) and the wifi. If you stay on the main floor, it's fine, but it's extremely spotty in the basement. Overall one of my favorite places to study/eat.I've been to this cafe several times while visiting people in Philly, and I often wish it were in New York. The espresso is good, there is a cute patio and interesting artwork on the walls. If you're into flavored sodas or fizzy teas, they've got those too. 
I rarely expect much from service in Philly, as I've discovered that "The City of Brotherly Love" was probably a term coined on opposite day, but I thought it was fine. 
Something that really caught my eye was the most quintessentially hipster painting I have ever seen. It featured a curled up, bearded man wearing plaid, surrounded by antlered beasts and nature images. While it did provide a great laugh, the painting (along with all the others) was quite impressive. I'm so used to having mediocre/terrible/slightly frightening things covering the walls where I'm just trying to score some quality time with free wifi.Very cozy cute coffee shop - great place to do work. Ordered the masala chai latte and it was amazing!The coffee is good and the people were nice the few times I was there but the atmosphere is a little intimidating to me..I know some love it but I'm not a grad student or a hipster and just don't feel like I fit in here without headphones or a mac laptop.  No offense just not my scene!AH. This place is AMAZING!!
While there are a lot of great coffee shops I've been to, I always had a complaint or two. But I have nothing bad to say about Chapterhouse Cafe & Gallery.
Comfort:
The perfect place to study, read, or have a quiet chat with a friend. There's plenty of space to sit on the main floor and the basement. I also love that they have outlets everywhere (this is so important for me!!). Also, they have very comfortable chairs. They have chairs made out of silicone strings which I loved. I need one of those at home!
Drinks:
I didn't get any of their sandwiches but I got the Not Nutella hot chocolate. So goood!!! I did wish that they make it more hot but that's okay. I've never seen a coffee shop with so many hot chocolate options! Yay!
Interior:
Super cute interior. You just need to come for yourself to see how cute this place is! They also have board games and jenga for you to play if you'd like. But it seemed like most people come here to study or read. 
I will definitely be returning here!! :)This place is my favorite café! Mainly because the prices are reasonably cheap and the environment is calm and quiet. This is a wonderful place to grab a bite to eat and get some work done, or study.There is a credit card minimum of $10 but I so wanted to journal here that my first time coming to Chapterhouse, I walked all the way up to Market St. to get cash from a no-fee Citibank ATM in 7-11. That is the enormity of my love for this wonderful neighborhood cafe.
The atmosphere in this cafe is quiet and artsy and it is the perfect place to get some work done. One of the days I was here they were having a small get-together in the backyard, I'm assuming with neighbors or something? Definitely contributed to the laid-back neighborhood cafe feel. The back room was well-lit and there were enough outlets as far as I could tell. The iced teas and pastries that I've gotten have all been wonderful and well-made, so no complaints on the fare.
All in all, a lovely gem of a cafe. Definitely a great place to get away from the hustle and bustle of campus life or Center City.Ordered Nutella latte w a friend on a cold day. Omg delicious.  Nice atmosphere. Location is on a small street not near south street.  Saved it for next time!Great drinks and nice space. Love the feel of the place, with 3 rooms that each have their own sort of feel. The music is a little bit too loud for my taste when I'm doing real work, but perfect for relaxing and reading a book or the paper.Creative coffee options and lovely tea. Very relaxed environment which invites you to stay for a while. Will go again!Cute little coffee shop in Philly! We dipped in here to hide from the cold after checking out the Magic Gardens. I got a Cappuccino and it was delicious. My mom got the Not Nutella hot chocolate and it was also great. We liked checking out the local art on the walls throughout the shop!Chaperhouse is a wonderful place to sit with a book or a laptop (and your lapdog--yes, dogs are welcome!) and get some studying done; or to meet a friend for a laid back chat. 
Because so many people are here to study or do freelance work in the back room, you can sometimes feel that by talking you're interrupting their work. If you're here to meet friends, try and find a space in the front room.
Haven't tried the coffee, but the teas and cordial/lemonade type drinks are lovely, if a tiny bit on the expensive side. The decor is lovely and contemporary, the staff are great, and there's a peaceful atmosphere. 
I live in West Philly and sometimes walk my dog all the way here just because it's so lovely here. I plan to be back soon!Love this place! My barista was super friendly and knowledgeable about their selection of teas. I don't do dairy, so she helped me come up with a delicious tea latte with honeybush rooibos, a shot of vanilla, and soy milk. Physical space is also nice--quiet and open with lots of tables. Will definitely be back.3.5
I used to love this place. It used to have great coffee and great studying atmosphere. They have great latte selections and I love that they include a double shot of espresso. However, I have lost it as cafe for studying.  I find the music selection and volume not very conducive to studying anymore and for some reason, the service is just different. I don't feel welcomed anymore and would rather go to Starbucks. 
Sad times to lose a local cafe.I always forget how much I like this place until circumstance finds me here.  The vibe is good & the place stretches out 3 connected rooms long.  This is great b/c you can usually always find a spot to sit despite the crowds.  It's a nice place to meet up with friends, people watch or get work done.
Free wi-fi if you ask for the day's password.  Good coffee drinks & small pastry & sandwich selection.  Why people don't walk the extra half block up from the corner behemoth competitor is beyond me.Love visiting this place whenever I'm around Queen Village. Even though I'm sort of snobby and purist when it comes to coffee, I love hitting up a different one of their lattes each time, with varieties that will playfully use peanut butter, spices, cocoa, etc. The people who work here are great and service is fast. Great art decorates the wall, lots of seating (and I mean a TON. almost like a maze), just a really great and chill atmosphere with excellent drinks.Visited Philly for the weekend with my fiancé and walked in here to recharge our phone batteries after being out and about. Grabbed a much needed drink too, of course! I had the melange latte, iced, and it was so good! 
The atmosphere in here was so chill too. Quiet and relaxed. If I lived in Philly, I'd probably study here. Or even just go to read a book. The baristas were also really nice per my recollection. Five thumbs up!This is a popular coffee shop.  Definitely don't drive because parking is impossible.  My other complaint would be the lack of power outlets, but that's somewhat typical.  Otherwise, it's popular for a reason.  The beverage selection and quality is good.  This is a really great place!I tried a few more drinks so it's losing a star for price and not knowing how to blend drinks. While their coffee is good, their blended coffee drinks needs a new formulation because it comes out way too watery. I ended up just asking them to add more ice into my cup because it started getting warm too quickly.Excellent coffee. Comfy chairs, great relaxed atmosphere. Open (relatively) late. Great spot.This address has gone through ALOT of owners/transitions/names... I used to work at Grinds and Finds and then it was Carey's Cafe for a short time and then another cafe which was also short lived. So needless to say I was really excited to see Chapterhouse come in! the owners have turned it into an amazing space and the coffee and sandwiches are really good too!  (I think they're from Le Bus) It's always crowded when I go in and no matter what the staff is always super friendly and helpful.I had Chapterhouse Cafe bookmarked for years. Years. I honestly don't know what took me so long to visit.
During Thanksgiving weekend, I was in the city about to meet a friend for brunch but was feeling fairly sleepy so I googled nearby coffee shops. Chapterhouse was only a block out of the way, so I re-routed myself and walked over.
The inside is calm and inviting. Loads of people were studying or doing work. I took a quick look at the menu and was drawn to the black and white latte. 
They whipped it up within ten minutes and it was seriously delicious. I walked down the street so much happier after having that drink -- and I'm still craving another.
I know exactly where to go next time I'm in South Philly and craving a specialty coffee drink.Yet again I find myself at Chapterhouse wondering why I dont go out of my way to come here more often. Great space, cool art, nice and unpretentious staff and music, a sweet dog, and heavenly drinks (Im having a blended mexican mocha right now. Oh sweet spiciness, you treat me right). If you're in the area- HIGHLY recommend!Pros: Lots of study space, Various drinks/tea, decorations/atmosphere, outlets, 2hr parking nearby
Barista: Helped us pick out a great tea! (So many various options)
Tips for Tea lovers: Get a pot for 2 (only $.50 more) and it comes with 2 teabags. Plus, its unlimited hot water refills.Someday I will finish my comprehensive study of Philadelphia coffeehouses. In the academic paper I will write (to be published in the Journal of Caffeine Science and Sociology), I will rank the coffeehouses from best to worst. My study is only in its infancy, but I am certain that Chapterhouse will rank towards the top.
There are so many small touches that combine to give a whole greater than any of its parts. It's the subtle sub-division of rooms and spaces, the green space outside of the back room, the books and magazines,  the brightly lit (CLEAN) bathroom and even the myriad different coffee cups.
The coffee itself is solid, while I was there I had a triple espresso and a cup of brewed coffee. They have a $10 minimum for credit cards, so I didn't try any baked goods yet, but they looked good.
It had just the right mix of quiet and conversation for my study habits. I like a small buzz, but nothing too boisterous. The music was non-obtrusive, I didn't really notice it.
A+!If you like to be treated poorly, dump your shitty boyfriend and come for a coffee at Chapterhouse!  The owners are really rude and unfriendly, and the vibe seems to have been passed on to their poor, poor employees.  Oh, and the place smells like dog or unwashed boys or something.
Here's a better idea: GO TO GOOD KARMA on Pine between 10th and 9th.  It's LARGER and FRIENDLIER.  And, it DOES NOT smell like un-washed boy.Any time I go out of town, one of the first things I look for is a coffeeshop with free wi-fi. Based on the reviews here at Yelp, I found Chapterhouse. And it was a good choice, because I haven't set foot in another coffeeshop since I've been in Philadelphia. Reliable wi-fi, comfy seating, well-crafted drinks, good variety of snacks, generally nice people, amazing reading selection, and music selections that mirror my own tastes. (This afternoon for example--Postal Service, the Smiths, Tegan & Sara, and the Shins just to give you a taste.) If I lived in town, this is definitely the type of place I'd become a regular at.Pros:  Chapterhouse is a beautiful space.  It's hard to find such spacious, warmly-decorated, tasteful cafes on the east coast these days.  Chapterhouse also has no problem with lingering customers - buy a cup of something, have a seat, and spend a few hours reading if you like.  The coffee is good, and the pastries are pretty good as well.
Cons:  First and foremost, their espresso drinks are watery.  Down the street from Chapterhouse is a Starbucks - every morning, Chapterhouse is fairly empty while Starbucks has a line going out the door.  This is because Starbucks' espresso drinks are stronger and more flavorful.  (If even Starbucks has better espresso offerings than you do, you know you're doing something wrong.)
Chapterhouse is hipster hell.  I don't object to the crowd, or the age of the crowd - rather, I object to the exclusivity and clique-ishness of it.  I've been going to Chapterhouse several times a week for two years, and no one there knows my name or has even once asked.  Maybe this is because I'm a little older than the crowd there, or for some other reason. Occasionally, you get awful, slow, cold-shouldered service there.  Yesterday I went to Chapterhouse for a regular afternoon tea (their tea is terrible, by the way), and after waiting several minutes for the barista to finish a personal conversation with a patron, I was greeted by cold, abrupt service.  She clearly felt I was wasting her time, perhaps because I wasn't part of the "in" crowd.  After she was done with me, she proceeded to warmly and happily greet everyone who came in after me, because they were part of the "in" crowd.  Overall, it made me feel unwelcome and lonely.
In short, Chapterhouse is a nice place for the occasional coffee, and a good place if you plan to go out with a few friends.  But if you want good espresso look elsewhere.  If you want to feel like a regular who's welcome, definitely go elsewhere. I plan to from now on.Definitely my go-to coffee shop when I'm meeting up with friends to catch up or need a place to get work done. If you're looking for silence while you're working, check out the seating in the basement. Otherwise, get a seat on the main floor and do your thing. And periodically get distracted by the conversation buzz around you.
The shop sends good vibes and has a variety of seating arrangements that makes the space very cozy and warm. I like to get my usual white pomegranate tea, either hot and cold brewed. A spot with a wider selection of teas for this non-coffee drinker.
Free wifi, friendly baristas, AND a machine that can take credit without a minimum charge - all great benefits to this gem of a coffee shop.I've started to frequent Chapterhouse more and more now. It's got a great location just off South Street and in walking distance from my home in Bella Vista. I love that they are open pretty late and that their bagel with cream cheese remains at a steady $2. I've had their lattes before and they were pretty good but it is not something I crave. This place is ALWAYS packed with students, locals, and yuppies doing homework or just to be at a cafe looking at their Twitter or FB accounts.
I haven't been to Shot Tower in a while because Chapterhouse's tranquility and late hours make it that much more appealing for me and many others.Pastries are fresh (ie not stale) coffee is good, interesting specialty drink menu, prices are reasonable and there are many distinct vibes all around-a good place to curl up on a comfy chair with a book or to meet friends for a light lunch. Plenty of dairy free options, too.Know what you're walking into and you'll be happy. There's no kitchen so the food is prepackaged. Service is friendly and coffee is good. Wi-Fi speed is serviceable. It's spacious and spread out so that's also another plus. As long as you don't expect a gourmet meal, this is an solid place to do work. I did, however, take points off for this because one does inevitably get hungry when doing work and I'd like something more than a muffin in a bag.
Note: I heard wi-fi could be spotty here but I had no issues when I went.When I'm looking for a good coffee shop, I look for a nice ambiance with lots of light, good food, friendly servers and easy access to electric plugs for my laptop.  Chapterhouse had it all - from convenience to a relaxed setting.  
They have the best chai tea lattes in town.  I get mine with soy, and they get the combination just right.  I like that their chai isn't too sweet like at Last Drop.  They always offer to put cinnamon on top - which is really yummy.  I can't decide if I like it with or without more.  They're both really good!  They also have great tea list - my favorite is Lavender Earl Grey.  They offer a cup of tea, or a whole teapot.  I love their teapots - they're very homey and if you're planning on staying for a few hours it's worth having several cups of tea instead of paying by the cup.  They also have a lot of nice pastries, like the classics - croissants (plain, cheesy and chocolate), bagels, danishes...  And they have sandwiches, which I have yet to try.
I love the ambiance - a lot of light and enough space to spread out without feeling cramped like at some coffee shops.  Their barristas are really nice - they always make me feel welcome.  They also let dogs in - which makes it a really nice place to look at cute puppies.  I didn't struggle to find electric plugs to plug my computer in.  Also, their bathroom has been clean and is nice compared to a lot of other coffee shops.Let me start off by saying that I'm generally not a fan of coffee shops.  I don't drink coffee and I prefer familiar atmospheres in which I can control the surroundings while I read/study/work.  STURDY tables and creative chairs also go a long way to my coffee shop experience and in these aspects The Chapterhouse was very inviting.  The barista actually had a personality and was very accommodating to our special orders.  Also, head downstairs for additional seating.  If I was a fan of going out for expensive non-alcoholic beverages I was be a regular at The Chapterhouse.Chill atmosphere, friendly staff, and great melange latte.  Mmm!My boyfriend and I are not coffee house aficionados by any means, but we stopped here while we were waiting for our ceramics time at the Expressive Hand next door. The staff at the Expressive Hand gave us some coupons for a free coffee or tea, so we headed over to wait out our time.
First of all, the place is nice on the inside and quite cozy. There are bar stools overlooking the store front, and lots of small tables. Another plus is that the large bookshelf in the middle room is full of games and puzzles and even playing cards. The BF and I kept ourselves amused with a never-ending game of Uno, so we really appreciated the fact that Chapterhouse had distractions available. 
However, that's where the positives end, unfortunately. The baristas were pretty grumpy when we asked them what drinks we'd be eligible for with our coupons (understandable), but their attitude didn't even change after we tipped them. Rude. My tea lacked flavor and my crappy paper cup (hello, sustainability!) had a slow leak which meant I lost most of my drink to the tabletop. Blah. Lastly, on a Sunday afternoon, the place was super packed. Most people looked like they hadn't moved in eons from their tables and didn't plan on moving for another several millenniums either. If I had paid good money for a cup of coffee and atmosphere, I'd be pretty annoyed that there was no space to sit. We ended up sitting on two slightly uncomfortable plastic chairs by the bookshelves, awkwardly adjacent to a couple sprawled on the sofa. 
To sum it up - this place put me too close for comfort with some snooty hipsters and meh beverages. No thanks, I'll pass!I like this cafe, I've come here twice for book groups.  The hot teas are very good, I was disappointed in the vegan, gluten free blueberry muffin, I ordered it not knowing that it was vegan and gluten free.  The barista was very friendly to give me something else to eat instead at no cost, I took a banana and a biscotti, I like the orange biscotti, they are quite crunchy though.  There's plenty of place to sit and read and they have interesting artwork displayed.  I like that they accept credit and debit cards too!  I think they could put a sign outside that says Chapter House because it is a bit unclear from the outside.  Either way, I do enjoy coming here and I hope to try more of their hot teas and try their coffee too.  I think they're a cute coffee shop!