LOVED this place. Not just for vegetarians. Came here with two carnivores and they enjoyed it. Get the meatballs with kale pasta. SO GOOD a little spicy but awesome. And for drinks- I def recommend the bramble! And the service was phenomenal. Most fun bartenders!Excellent food, excellent service. Great new Philly vegan restaurant. Tried a sampling of many of the dishes, not a miss in the bunch. Will be back for certain!Wonderful drinks, skilled mixologist! We didn't order any drinks from the menu to see what creativity the bartender could whip up, we told him ingredients & spirits we preferred and let him do his magic... he did not disappoint! To top it off, the ingredients were so fresh and pure, that I didn't feel the usual "sugar" headache the next morning. I think the fresh squeezed juices actually HELPED my liver lolMore of a cocktail bar than a restaurant. There`s a great selection of drinks and a very small selection of food. Everything was beautifully made, drinks and food. However, I was not very impressed with the food. The size of each plate is ridiculously small, even for tapas style. The food tasted good but was nothing special to justify the portion size and price. I`ve had better vegan food at other places, for comparable price. The drinks were really good though!!! So maybe I`ll come back again for drinks when I`m not hungry.Great cocktails, bartenders, and servers! Delicious vegan food. Loved the avocado toast and the bao buns, especially. Sat at the bar and enjoyed every minute. Friendly staff who really took care of us. Thank you! We will be back! Romantic and dimly lit atmosphere. Great for a date or for catching up with a dear friends.Three strikes and I vote this place OUT. Once again, the food was short-portioned and unappealing with overkill or weird combo sauces (raisins and vinegar), drinks were quite good, but either forgotten, or left sitting bar side so long that the ice had half melted. It was not busy, and hasn't been busy at any time I've gone. This includes a weekday happy hour, weekend prime time, and Thursday night at 8:30. And, it's the second time we all had stomach, um, disturbances shortly after eating. The decor is a murky, dirty blue, and has oddly shaped and very uncomfortable chairs in the front lounge area. The bar itself is attractive and bartenders are skilled. A highlight - beautiful and interesting wallpapered bathrooms with soothing lighting. Good thing, since after eating the food, you may need to spend some extra time in there.As a person who is always willing to try things atleast once, I am glad that I went. The decor is nice and there was a lot of interesting conversation about the food. That said, the dishes were thoughtful, but since their niche is veggie wish they has pushed the envelope on technique to showcase vs. as many dishes that used them in lieu of meat.Great place for craft cocktails and ambiance.  
They care about their ice, and for an old fashioned and many other cocktails, quality of ice can make or break the drink.  CWAS is making great ice, forming the foundation for great drinks.Finally get to try this place. Awesome food. Amazing staff and good ambience. 
Drinks: pimms cup ( nice cucumber flavored) and 100 years of solitude ( spicy jalapeño flavored). Both the drinks were amazing.
Avacodo toast - in love with it was super duper delicious.
Crispy tofu roll - second fav. Gave a kind of veg sushi flavor to it.
Smoked cauliflower - a lil blend for the taste but was already told about it so no complains. Like the taste of golden raisin. Gave a good flavor to it.
Bucatini and meatballs - spicy!! Though we did ask for it. Was really nice. Good flavor of marinara sauce. 
Tried peach tart for dessert - i wasn't a big fan of it but my husband loved it. Too much peach for me.
Overall good service and good recommendation by server based on our taste. He gave all the recommendations to U.S. based on the kind of taste we were looking for and was all perfect. 10 on 10. Limited and rotating menu. Will definitely want to try the next menu too.Amazing! From NYC and lived in philly for years and have been a vegetarian for loge and have to say this is the best hideout on the busiest restaurant street I've ever been to! Props to the chef for coming out with innovative ideas. The "meat" taste real and is not that expensive. Deff a must go to spot in Philly vegetarian or not! And service is impeccable. Best I've seen especially with the welcoming of bar tenders.Yummy! Charlie was a sinner was a hit! 
The location is an intimate setting with dim lightening, candles, and a mix of classic music. The atmosphere is very relaxed but it can get quite loud as the space is not that large but I like the setup.
Onto the food. I ordered the zucchini "crabcake" slider starter which was ok. It wasn't exactly what I was expecting. The taste was ok and the slider bread was delish. For my meal I ordered the buccatini and "meatballs" and it was an instant hit! The pasta was cooked perfectly, the "meatballs" had a nice spice to them, and the sauce was some of the best tomato sauce I've ever had.
This place is an instant fav. I will certainly be here again next time I'm in the area.A must for happy hour for all vegetarians and non vegetarians in the area! Almost everything is under $5, so it's perfect to go with a group and split as many things as as possible. My favorite was definitely the crab cake sliders, they were perfect. I think the potato croquettes were just OK, a bit too mushy on the inside for me. The ricotta dip is super rich and creamy. The atmosphere is nice and dark, and feels like an upscale British pub. Would definitely come back and try the rest of the menu!Make reservations! We walked into a 45 minute wait according to the maitre d' so the four of us went to the bar.
Quite a busy and beautiful place. Very noisy and compact. The menu is entirely vegetarian with a small number of selections.
We loved - LOVED - the Potato Croquettes. Crispy golden on the outside; creamy in the inside. The Chickpea Fries were pretty outstanding as well. Better than the ones I tried last week while visiting North Carolina.
Drinks and beer were OK. We had to settle for Tito's Vodka, which is pretty nice, but not to my wife's taste. Her vodka and cranberry gave her an upset stomach (only 1 drink). The cranberry juice fermented or the bartender used cranberry soda.
No diet soda for the rum and coke but they had a decent selection of beers on tap and bottled.
90 minutes later we went to El Vez for dinner. I never heard from the Maitre d' about a table here. I may come back with a reservation to give this place a fair try. Unfortunately the lack of communication got to me.I have nothing but good things to say about this place, mouth watering drinks, fantastic food. 
For me it's in a excellent location. It's definitely got a sexy/romantic feel to the layout. Cocktails are great, food is okay but overall I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.I have been wanting to come here for months and I finally made it last Wednesday for Sips! The service was incredible, 2 people came up to us and asked if they could get us a drink while we were waiting for our table. A man who looked like a manager even pulled up 2 bar stools so we didn't have to stand. Grade A customer service. 
I enjoy eating at a restaurant that displays pride in the food and beverages they are serving. Charlie was a sinner did just that! 
The food was amazing! I got the meatballs, which are made using seitan. I haven't had a real meatball in a few years but I am positive this one is better! My boyfriend, who is a relatively picky carnivore, thought it was amazing too. I really liked the mint infused water that was brought to each table. 
Overall, Charlie was a sinner exceeded my expectations and I will definitely be going back!I loved this place! Only been once, but I can't think of any complaints. The food was great, the drinks were great and I loved the ambiance. I can't wait to return.
I got the artichokes, polenta, and a celery juice cocktail.  LOVED the polentaABSOLUTELY the best "BAR" i have been to in a long time.  Talking.... gourmet vegetarian at its best.  Delightful tastes in every bite, every dish unique.  And the cocktails were extremely well made, unique.  Lovely place... sit at bar or up front in the cozy lounge.  Get there early.... relax and enjoy a lovely atmosphere and great service.  Thanks Charlie... a great surprise on our trip this weekend from NYC.   Ps   we headed over to ZAHAV for a nightcap and a few more tasty treats.  Five Stars there as well :)I'm not a vegetarian or a vegan and I thought this place was great.  The food is very well thought out and wonderfully put together.  The drinks were really cool and creative too.  Our server Christian was hilarious and very knowledgeable about the entire menu.  Whatever your food preferences are,  this place is perfect for a night out.This is hhe best food I've had in Philly (vegan or not) I love everything I've ever had there (about 15 dishes) and their cocktails are great too. The atmosphere is what really makes it too. I recommend this place to everyone especially for a  romantic settingThe service was efficient, but not necessarily very friendly or helpful. Example: our server simply put menus on the table and eventually took our order. He didn't tell us anything about the menu items or list any favorites.
The food was alright, but very expensive considering the portion sizes and ingredients. I understand paying a lot for mushrooms foraged from the edge of a violent, active volcano, but a snack-sized bowl of grits with a single oyster mushroom sliced up in it was $12. Meh.
On the bright side, the cocktails were very good.I'm obsessed with this place. it was my first vegan restaurant experience and the food was to die for. The service was phenomenal and the specialty drinks were of the hook! I went for a date and the dim lighting made for a super romantic atmosphere. I will definitely be going back!  I hope they have the same vanilla bean salad dressing. I wanted a to go container when I was done because it was that good!We had an impromptu anniversary date and were immediately impressed with the vibe of Charlie Was a Sinner. Josh at the host stand was super friendly and sat us immediately at what he said was the best table. Our server was the only issue we had with the experience. She left us with the menu and didn't check back on us for about 15 minutes and carried herself with an attitude.
We ordered the warm spicy nuts - very flavorful but too hot (temperature) to eat which meant they were way over cooked and a bit burned. We also ordered the Korean tofu, ramen noodles, potato croquettes and beetroot jar. Everything but the beetroot jar was innovative and delicious and a great example of how vegan foods can be prepared. The beetroot jar was presented very well but the ricotta was not very flavorful so it left us feeling like I could have made it at home.
The penicillin and the cantaloupe cocktails were amazing. We'll be back for the cocktails for sure!
When Josh checked in on how we liked everything we told him it was our anniversary and he brought 2 glasses of champagne and some lemon sorbet with two spoons! Such a nice surprise a lovely gesture.This place is a refreshing addition to the Philadelphia restaurant/nightlife scene. It's intimate and dark, and a perfect for happy hour or a date night with vegans and non-vegans alike.   
My favorites are the wheatgrass cocktail (green chartreuse, wheatgrass) and Marlyland 'crab cakes'. The menu changes but they seem to be staples. I also always like to try whatever taco is available that day, and have never been disappointed.I've been meaning to try out this place for a while- I'm only sorry that it took so long to check it out. We sat at the bar last night and took advantage of their happy hour specials before ordering entrees- everything was incredible. We ordered the ricotta, charred shishito peppers, and zucchini 'crabcake' sliders to start- the food was served quickly and was very good- the peppers were my favorite. The bartender, Patrick, was great- he mixed perfect cocktails, was really nice, and somehow kept my water glass full all night without me ever having to ask, despite the crowd of people around the bar, none of which were kept waiting to order. Later, we tried the charred brussel sprouts (the pickled red grape and pomegranate compliment them perfectly) and potato gnocchi (the smoked tomato butter it is served with is amazing). We also tried the chocolate pot de creme dessert- I'm not big on desserts, but my friend (who is not vegan) absolutely loved it. The ambiance is nice, too, perfect for a night with a couple of friends, or a date. Best of all, everything on the entire menu, including the drinks, is vegan. Will definitely be returning!I must admit, I wanted to love this place, but the food was very average. Atmosphere good, drinks tasty (minus the bartender's attitude). If you want drinks it's ok for happy hour. The host and server had good customer service, but it's not enough to make up for average, overpriced vegan food..Went with a group of friends and the food was delicious. We got a variety of plates which were all just divine (zucchini burgers, potato croquettes, mushroom risotto, caesar salad, gnocchi). The place is small but they tried their best to be accommodating. My only issue was the waitress didn't give us enough utensils or napkins and with lounge tables so small exquisite service is a must.Good cocktails and good service.  They thought someone had ordered their chickpea fries, but when no one claimed them, they told us to have them on the house.  Additionally, they were all very focused on ensuring that we had a genuine good experience.
So why 3 stars?  Well, it wasn't unique from the other number of cocktail bars showing up across the city.  They weren't first so I was seeking something different about them - and really couldn't find it.  Slightly related, this is similar to frozen yogurt places - I was thrilled to find Pinkberry in LA years ago, but am now tired of seeing the number of mom & pop fro-yo places buying into the trend.  It seems a similar thing is occurring amidst the craft cocktail scene.  Perhaps the food is their focus - if so, I will say that I enjoyed my crab cake sliders and was impressed by the price ($7) for two of them.  However, it didn't blow me away - and the cocktails blended into the others I've had across the city.
I'll go back as part of an evening, but it isn't a spot I'll plan a night around.Loves:
-- The vibe. The environment is chic but comfortable, with dim lighting and sort of a lovely overall ambiance. The tables in the back are perfect for date night, and I can imagine spending a comfortable evening sitting at the bar. Additionally, the branding work was done by P'unk Ave, a great local design firm, so everything from the menus to the check envelopes (you'll see) are stylish. 
-- The staff. Everyone was very friendly and welcoming. For a smart Center City spot, a hostess that doesn't glare at you is almost unheard of. 
-- The menu. Small plates totally work for this spot and the variety was interesting and exciting, especially the gnocchi with fava beans and the beet dumplings.  I'm looking forward to going back and trying the things I didn't order. Additionally, as a person with a egg allergy, it was fantastic to be able to order anything I liked off the menu without worrying about looming anaphylaxis, so bonus points there. 
Needs work: 
-- The service. I asked for a drink recommendation, telling the waiter I didn't like sweet or fruity drinks, and he suggested the 5 Year Plan, which, when it arrived was very similar to an Old Fashioned, which I hate because they tend to be more like alcoholic fruit punch. It was good, just not my thing. My date had the Bullseye, which I liked much better. Additionally, we waited a *very* long time for dessert, and when it arrived, our apricot tart with vanilla ice cream was a plum tart with pineapple sorbet. It was delicious, but if there was a problem with our dessert, we should have been informed about the substitution beforehand. 
-----
Overall, I'm optimistic about Charlie was a sinner. It suffers from some of the normal new restaurant hiccups, but nothing I don't think they'll get the hang of and it will not keep me from returning.Zuchini crab cakes are delicious! We sat near the door, but the traffic was negligible. Drinks and music are good too. Staff is very attentive and helpful. Come for any occasion.This place was pretty good! We came here on a late Saturday night in August and were seated immediately. It was SUPER busy and loud but we were hungry. We ordered four dishes: the croquettes, zucchini crab cakes, gnocchi and ramen. 
I loved the croquettes! They were so light and savory and came with a great creamy sauce. The crab cakes were awesome too! I loved the bun. My only complaint is that they were SO SMALL. 
The gnocchi was definitely housemade. It was super soft and we loved the cherry tomatoes that came with it. The ramen was a big disappointment. It had no flavor and tasted like nothing. 
Other than the ramen, we loved the meal!I was very impressed with this bar. It's up-scale but not pretentious which I love. The decor is very trendy yet organic, which makes it inviting. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I asked our waitress to recommend a drink based off of my tastes, she customized a drink for me. This really impressed me. It's a perfect placed to have a drink at a table. It's a little loud and dark but that's what makes it trendy. It's a fantastic first date place because you can talk but you can distract yourself too;-)Food is delicious. All vegan. Very fresh and creative. But def over-priced. I'm very tempted to give only 3 stars. But the service was nice, so 4 stars it is.I have been looking for an opportunity to try Charlie Was A Sinner for several months, and was certainly not disappointed.  What a great spot for foodie vegans (and non-vegans won't be disappointed either!) looking for a great little night spot with creative well-balanced cocktails and delicious and innovative small plate dishes.The food is awesome, but it is so incredibly loud there it's not a very pleasant place to eat. I came for a date with my boo, and we had to scream at each other above the din. It was hard to relax and enjoy the food, because it was impossible to have a conversation. It is pretty crowded (easy to bang elbows with your neighbor) and that doesn't help the noise sitch since you can hear them screaming as well. Maybe if I was at the bar for a lively drink it would be fun, but the care put into the food is not matched by care put into the experience of eating the food.This is the 2nd time we have been here. It's so much fun to try the different drinks with so many ingredients , and the vegan food! Yummy! We have been wanting to come back since the first time. Drinks are ~ $13 ....very original combinations . The place gets packed .Came in for drinks and had a wonderful time. Coming from Chicago, I unfortunate have high expectations when it comes to cocktails... This place met them. From the ice you could tell the drinks would be fantastic. The food looked great too. Will definitely be back.Went here for my birthday (but didn't tell the waiter it was my birthday). Service was slow - it took about 20 minutes to put an order in after we were sat. The food was good (I'm a vegetarian) but I felt like my experience food wise was better at Vedge. I probably wouldn't go back, due to the price point. Also kind of sucks that happy hour is only at the bar (which has about 10 seats).No Sinning At Charlie Was A Sinner! To Quench, To Savor, To Sin! The three chapters at this amazing find in Philadelphia is second to none!
Every small sharing plate was outstanding. Unless you absolutely positively have to have meat, you owe it to yourself  and your friends to check it out and enjoy the tasty menu that will leave you trying to eat more just to try the next item. 
As a vegan, this is the most variety of outstanding I've experienced.The place is super cute and they accommodate groups pretty well.  The food was good overall, but rather than being truly unique, some of the dishes were a little all over the place.  I didn't feel a theme to the menu.  Either way, it's worth checking out if you're in the area and they have a great drink menu.  It's also a great date spot with dim lighting, a hip bar, and dishes meant to be shared ;)Went here for the birthday dinner of a friend expecting to pay more than I wanted to pay for less than I wanted to eat, and was thoroughly charmed. Charlie's vegan fare is not only tasty and filling, but innovative as well. I was a huge fan of the carrot mousse, somehow both light and decadent, and subtlety of the vanilla citrus salad. Other hits included the gnocci, crispy tofu roll, and homemade "ricotta." Pass on the leeks (bizarrely tiny portion) and bucatini (one note, forgettable). 
While you're exploring the outer limits of vegan cuisine, definitely hit up the extensive and creative cocktail menu. I greatly enjoyed The Great Dictator (tequila, averna, pear/ginger shrub, lemon) despite the massive "artisan" ice cube it came with. I get it, it melts slower so as not to dilute the drink. It also makes that glass look way fuller than it is.  
The atmosphere is intimate and quirky, a sort of modern update on the '20s speakeasy. This seems the perfect spot for a memorable happy hour or quick bite with friends. Coordinating a large dinner was a bit tricky as all reservations for 6+ people must be made through a manager. Our servers were friendly, accommodating, and attentive to the birthday occasion (with complementary candle and all). Shout out to the carafes of water stuffed with fresh mint - both refreshing and a nice visual. Will definitely be back.Super crowded on Friday night. Bar tender was not helpful in letting you know most preferred drinks.Great service. Very attentive and welcoming.
Very nice drink & food selection.
Great for Vegetarians & Gluten Free! 
New favorite next to Vedge. Or is it better....? :)I don't even know where to start. This place is excellent!
We recognized the name from a list of recommended bars around the country shared by an excellent bar at home. I snagged a last-minute reservation for a Friday night via OpenTable, which was lucky since there was quite a wait for walk-ins.
The cocktails were wonderful and well-balanced. I had a great Manhattan, my standard order at a new bar--gives me a baseline to tell me if they are my kind of bar. (They are.) A house specialty cocktail was creative & fun. 
The food was excellent by any standard. It can rival any non-vegan menu. My husband declared the potato gnocchi one oc the best things he's eaten in years. I liked the eggplant buns too. We both loved the sunchoke soup. Everything was boldly flavored. 
The atmosphere is hip. The decor is stylish. Service was incredibly quick for a craft cocktail bar but not rushed. 
Highly recommended.I wasn't expecting to love this place, but I can't say one bad thing in this review! I'm a fan!
My husband brought me here for my birthday dinner. My husband has been vegan for about 18 years, and I have been attempting to keep a vegan diet for several years, but I'm not always successful. In other words, we have eaten a lot of vegan food (good and bad) and Charlie Was A Sinner goes in the VERY GOOD column. 
We arrived without a reservation around 7pm on a Saturday and it was pretty crowded. We were offered a seat at the bar but we didn't want to eat there. After about a minute, the hostess was able to move some tables around and found us a table for 2. She knew it was my birthday so I think she did us a favor. Our server was fantastic. He was quick and knowledgeable. I wish I could remember his name. Everything we ate was great. We started with the Ricotta and Crab Cakes - the Ricotta was probably my favorite. I could eat that every single day. We also shared the tofu & bean sausage, the gnocchi, and the bucatini and 'meatballs'. Out of those, the tofu & bean sausage was my favorite. We also shared a dessert, which the server brought out with a candle on top. I made a wish and blew out my candle. My wish was to eat more excellent vegan food in 2016.Amazing cocktails!
Had the Dr. Zhivago and tried a few others.  Loved the vibe of the whole place and the bartenders are definitely legit.
Can't wait to go back and try the food, because it all looked and smelled delicious.I had the pleasure to wine and dine in here couple weeks ago and I just wanted to say what an amazing waitress Victoria "Tori" is.Wonderful, sweet soul.Thanks for making my bachelorette night so much more special.My second visit to Charlie Was a Sinner (CWS) and as enjoyable as the first. CWS is cozy restaurant with a vibrant bar scene and very creative, well prepared vegan dishes. The noise level is high because it is filled with folks enjoying the drinks, food and the folks they are with. 
The menu lends itself to sharing as it offers a great variety of smaller to medium dishes, which makes choosing from the many appealing options easier. Plan on at least 3 dishes per person but save some room for their excellent desserts.Okay so, I originally came here because I'm a cocktail snob and they truly have some of the best bartenders in the city (possibly the east coast). So I'm gulping down my drinks at the bar (because I really didn't have a choice, they were that good) and realize, "Crap! I need to get some food in my belly before I turn into a slurry mess." So I get the menu, order about 3-4 things, enjoy every single bite and rave to the bartender about how savory and filling their food was. He laughs and goes, "Yeah, it's surprising what you can do with vegan food." MY JAW DROPPED. I literally had no idea it was vegan. Not a clue. I LOVE MEAT but man I did not need it that night.Everything is so tasty!! Each dish has such a great symphony of flavors. And the drinks.. Fantastic. I would recommend the crab cakes, chickpea fries, and leeks. I wasn't sure what I was gonna get with the leeks, but they were cooked to perfection with a delicious romesco sauce. May have been my favorite dish. I'm a huge fan of vegetable dishes though, so if you're looking for something heavier, leeks may serve as a nice appetizer then. The pasta is a more familiar dish for non vegans. The sauce has a great bold flavor and the "meatballs" are just bursting with an array of spices. Delish. Obviously the desserts are out of this world too. Chocolate cake and I believe it was a warm apple tart pie were so yummy.
Service was on point. Waitress was very nice and our food came out at a good rate. Also a nice bonus was the mint infused water. 
Love Charlie's. 100% going back.I do not follow a vegetarian diet, however; all of my friends were raving about this place. So glad I went! The staff was very friendly and the food was great.
I would recommend the brussels sprouts and the Korean BBQ Tofu. I would also recommend making a reservation if you're going on the weekend. The place gets very crowded and there aren't many tables.I liked my visit to Charlie was a Sinner, and I can see myself coming back for happy hour. The decor is swanky and the menu is new and exciting. We tried a happy hour strawberry cucumber drink that was perfectly summery and fruity. We also had the vegan crabcakes, which were moist and citrus-flavored. I personally thought it was a pretty good representation of crab, but if I were expecting actual crab, I may have been disappointed.
On that note, my only complaint about this bar is that I didn't see anywhere in the menu that this place was all vegan. I only saw it on yelp because I frequent the site, but if I were a visitor expecting hot dogs or crab cakes (both of which are on the menu), I would be really angry if a vegan version came out unexpected. Regardless, I loved the food and the drinks, and I happen to also love veggies, so I was happy with my choices and experience here!Who knew a bar could do vegan so well. The only reason to hold back a five star rating is so I can ensure I get a table in the future. The attractive wait staff were impeccable throughout service. Recommend to order about 2-3 dishes per person to start, unless you're very hungry. Very Reasonably priced beers, and the cocktails were pretty good. The vibe is energetic and plays on the old saloon theme in a classy way. They def could use some sound dampening panels. Hard to talk across the table.I went to Charlie's a Sinner a couple of months ago and I forgot to write a review til today! As far as I remember, the drinks were tasty and not that strong. Also the food menu offers a lot of different vegan/vegetarian dishes. I remember I particularly really enjoyed eating the Korean Styled Tofu and the Maryland Style Crabcakes. I definitely need to visit it again!This place is awesome. Best meal I've had in years. Literally years. 
It's all small plates so we had the Korean tofu, ramen, potato croquettes, and spaghetti. Everything was mind blowing. My only regret was not getting dessert. We really wanted to but were so full after all the food we ordered that we couldn't possibly. 
The ambiance was nice - a little dark. I would recommend this for a date or place to catch up as the place itself is tiny so it would be awkward getting a big group in there. The music isn't blaring so you can actually hear each other gush about how wonderful the food is. Service was great too.
In sum, I would come back to Philadelphia for this meal alone.Crazy good cocktails....Charlie behind the bar is spot on. Had some happy apps that were way better than expected. Great room to chill out for a while without the bs pretension.Even if you are not vegan, I would still highly recommend this place. After coming here with my wife a couple weeks ago, all I can say is, wow. The service was attentive and friendly, even though the place was packed, and the atmosphere was totally unexpected for a relatively casual spot. 
Among other things, the artichoke frites were crispy and flavorful, served on a heavenly bed of (I may be spelling this wrong) saffron rouille that seemed to embody all that has been missing in my life. The crispy onion and lemon slices also added a nice texture to the dish. 
However, our favorite item by far was the potato cup confit. If I try to describe it, I will probably start drooling, so all I will say is, get it. Even despite the tappas style of the menu, I would suggest that each person get their own order. In fact, each person should get two orders. If you go to this restaurant with three other people, your table should get at least eight orders. IT IS SERIOUSLY THAT GOOD.
We managed to drink every cocktail on the menu at least once, but the one that stood out to me was the "done and dusted", consisting of patron xo, espresso, and some other thing I can't remember. But it was amazing. Seriously. It even seemed to give me superhuman powers and appeared to give a distinct "size difference", if you catch my drift. My wife can also attest that my "performance" that night was better than when I was 21 years old, and I'm pretty sure it can be attributed to the done and dusted. A truly magical drink. We will absolutely be coming back again soon :)Charlie has sinned, alright
First, I'll echo the sentiments of others.  The cocktails are good and worthy of its location.  The owner should heed that advice, blow out the tables, and make better use of its coveted PA liquor license because the food is frankly uninspiring.  Vegan food doesn't have to be bland if done right and with good ingredients. Vegetables and starches can be some of the most flavorful parts of a meal if given their proper care but unfortunately, only 1 of the 6 dishes I tried during dinner was balanced or well-cooked.  The service left something to be desired as well. (More on that later)
Vanilla citrus salad - No Vanilla flavor to speak of, salty and only got any citrus when biting into a bitter orange wedge, thus overpowering everything else around it.
Avocado bread - Good, but a bit spicy for my date.  Charred bread overpowered the delicate flavors of everything else with the dish. Charred bread can work if slathered with butter or accompanied by a savory meat but I think a little more care would have made this dish a lot better.
Crab cake - Really fabulous dish - well enjoyed and should have just ordered 4 of them
Gnocchi - tasteless and rubbery. 
Meatball - I've made vegan meatballs at home with leftover hull from my juicer.  When done right, they can really embolden a pasta dish.  These were unfortunately burned and tasted of it which wasn't good at all.  The pasta was decent as was the sauce but any college kid knows how to make that.
Tofu Puttanesca - Picture a small post-it note sized piece of tofu, cooked on its own with no seasoning and then placed with a dish that doesn't make sense.  That's what we had.  The Tofu was barely beyond warm and was completely devoid of flavor.
As for the service, if you're going to go small plates (Which is all the rage these days) then step up your game and offer clean plates between servings. Two people are going to share the plates so this should come as no surprise.  What little flavors there were eventually all got moshed together so my plate was a disaster by the end of dinner.  Our server did ask if we'd ever been before, which we hadn't and used that opportunity to tell us nothing about the particular dishes on offer, that the avocado toast would be a little spicy or what some of the more popular dishes are.  At one point, we got checked up on about 5 times in the span of 10 minutes and were asked "How is everything, Excellent, is it not?"  
 Another couple next to us had a different server who explained the menu at least.  Far be it for me to tell someone else how to run their business but the food isn't good enough to compete with the fact that it has got Barbuzzo and Jamonera right next to it although I think the fact that it is Vegan will drive some traffic for that aspect alone.  Ditch the small plate dining concept since most of the dishes are uninspiring, expand the bar, and offer nibbles, like the crab cake and the avocado toast and there might be something there.Charlie was a sinner is hands down my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia, vegan or otherwise. 
The drinks are strong and unique. And I could eat their bucatini and meatballs every day of my life and not be mad at it.Great drinks, great ambiance and service, but the food is only ok.
I feel like to get the best of this place (and I've been here three times now), you'd go for cocktails and split a small bite or two between yourself and your friends, maybe get dessert. This way you get to enjoy the lovely decor and atmosphere, have their truly outstanding drinks, and nibble on something pretty that looks fancy and doesn't cost as much as you'd pay elsewhere for the presentation.
The space is tiny but beautifully put together. It's luxe and very vintage/1920s-inspired, with lovely plush couches, gorgeous teal walls, green and gold accents, and chandeliers. Being there is a treat. The drinks are unique and strong and delicious, and served in proper glassware.
The problem with the food is that it's looks over substance, and while I value presentation in my food, it's gotta be backed up with taste. If you're going to put foam on top or draw designs in cream sauce, those things had better actually play well with the rest of the dish. I felt like flavor-wise, most things, while palatable, were quite underwhelming.
To anyone who cares:
-Zucchini sliders and the caramelized eggplant bao buns were really good.
-Potato croquettes were just ok. Structurally, they have a well done crust and very pleasant soft texture inside but very little actual taste. They end up being just a bland vehicle for the chipotle aioli. Lumpia spring rolls were likewise mostly tasteless. They were also accompanied by an odd choice of dipping sauce that looked and tasted like applesauce. They would definitely have tasted better if dipped into something tangier.
-Smoked cauliflower was very disappointing. It was mushy, tasteless (again), unnecessarily sweet, and not smoky at all.
-Confit potato cup had a very pleasant lemony arugula salad, but the "cup" was mealy and tough, and the filling would have been a lot better if it was thicker and creamier. It didn't really go together in any way, the stuffing was more like a bunch of mushrooms just hanging out in a potato tube than an actual filling.
-The chocolate pot de creme was very pleasant. IfCharlie's is a great spot whether you're looking for a romantic date or a casual hangout. The drinks ($13 each) are always great - and strong - and their vegan fair means that there's something for everyone. 
I've especially liked Charlies punch, the drink with boba, and their matcha drink. In terms of food I've definitely had some misses. I don't care much for the croquettes or the bao buns but I loved the avocado toast and I thought the korean style tofu and ramen were nicely done as well. The food is fairly priced, so I never mind experimenting when I go!
I came recently with a pretty big sweet tooth, and so after trying much of the dessert menu I'd definitely recommend trying something if you have space.I haven't tried the food yet, just went in for a couple of cocktails.  
These are pretty well made cocktails, not as overwhelmingly amazing as some of my favorite cocktail bars, but better than most.  
Singapore Sling is a classic gin based cocktail with mixed juices.  This was very well done.  In my experience, this drink tends to overpowering with sugar, but the fresh juice eases down the sugar content to produce a nice balance.  
Purity of Essence was a cucumber mint based gin drink.  It wasn't overly sweet (still a little sweet for my taste), it seemed like it could use a bit of straining if it is going to be served in a highball glass.
East of Eden is basically a Manhattan (perhaps I should call it a Manhattan variant).  I thought it was well made, and the fig garnish was a nice touch.  The Bullseye is basically an old fashioned.  Listing these two drinks as a "signature drink" is a bit of a disappointment.  Nothing wrong with classic drinks (they are some of my favorites) but if you are going to bill yourself as a creative cocktail bar, you need to do a little more than that.
Pricey drinks, friendly service, trendy ambiance.Great ambiance and great service. The drinks and food are bursting with flavor. All around great.This place is amazing! Best cocktails I have had in a while. Tasty food as well. Had the Singapore sling, which can be awful if not made well, and it was made perfectly! Was in a tall glass, so it was nice and refreshing. Next I had the "ask again yes", which was tequila, rhubarb and lime. This was served in a small glass, and was nice and strong. As for food, we tried the chickpea fries, the "crabcake" sliders, and Korean fried tofu. Chickpea fries and sliders were really good. I'm not a huge tofu fan, but my friend enjoyed them! Staff was friendly, bartender was very helpful at picking out drinks for us both. Can't wait to go back and try more drinks!!What a great surprise. I stopped in here as Vintage and El Vez were crazy full for the holidays. An amazing selection of vegetarian options. The highlight of the night was the punch. Perfect for the holidays, light and refreshing, with a hint of green apple and cloves. It was like a light mulled wine. Yummy! I'd go back anytime.CWAS cannot be missed! As both a meat and veggie lover, this is absolutely worth the adventure. Snag a res, this place is tight and crowded. Being from NJ, I find myself visiting philly quite often. I have visited CWAS this past September as well as Sept 2016 for a friend's birthday who is vegan. This is some place I would have never chosen on my own but I highly recommend this joint. 
Friendly and attentive staff, sweet environment and decor. If you get the chance to sit in the back sit away from the wall so you can see the cool screen playing old video clips. 
In my recent visits I have tried the Gin cocktails on special and fell in love. They use such awesome ingredients like ginger and rosemary and I enjoyed the creativeness. 
As it is tapas, we chose to order almost everything. Standouts were the Bucatini and meatballs and Korean fried tofu. I could have sworn it was meat! The Tofu was crisp, spicy and so flavorful, i could have ordered and eaten it all night long!  The zucchini crab cake sliders were tasty though I wish there was more filling it was too much bun! Try the Bao buns! They won't compare to some amazing one I've tried in Brooklyn, but hoisin sauce is great!We ordered just about everything from the menu, and had no complaints. Potato Croquettes, Ricotta Toast, Vanilla Bean Salad, Brussels Sprouts, and Mushroom Barley Toasts were our favorites. However, everything was was wonderful! Amazing food, service, and ambience. I already can't wait to come back!Nice little cocktail bar.  This reminded me of a smaller, abbreviated version of The Roosevelt Room in Austin.   Seating is cozy and comfortable at the bar.  Bartender somewhat aloof; couldn't be bothered to do more than mix drinks.  Service was fine- just don't go here expecting conversation with the bar staff.  Nary a hello or a goodbye.  It's alright though- gives the place character. This would be a great spot for a date.  Cozy nooks and strong drinks.Best vegan restaurant I've eaten at in a longggg time.
The ricotta is a must.  So yummy.  Also the "meatballs" are delicious.
Definitely returning soon.Came here for drinks. The ambiance is great. We got the penicillin and Charlie's punch. The penicillin tasted pretty smokey because the scotch. Couldn't finish it. They were nice enough to exchange it for another. Charlie's punch tasted great.When we first walked into Charlie Was a Sinner, I did not feel hip enough to be there! It's very swanky but in a hipster type way. I'm typically a wine type of gal, but figured I should try a cocktail since that seems to be their specialty. I can't remember the name of my cocktail but it was delicious. My husband got the Penicillin and it was most certainly one that could put hair on your chest. 
For food we got the following
Vanilla Citrus Salad - GET IT! It wasn't my first choice but I went along with it and it was my favorite of the night
Maryland Style "crab cakes" - Pretty delicious. I didn't think it tasted like a crab cake and then as if he was (doing the opposite of) reading my mind, my husband said "this is great, it really tastes like a crab cake!"
Chickpea Fries - really good but I don't think they qualified as "health food" by any means
Young Leeks - Good but not memorable. I had higher hopes for these tiny little baby leeks
Korean tofu - Super spicy for me but husband loved it. Don't get me wrong, I still ate mine, but I drank a lot of water in between bites.
Overall, it was really good, but pretty pricy as well. I'm not sure we will be running back but I'd recommend it to someone looking to try something different.Great drinks and food. I am mostly a vegetarian, so vegan is excellent. Major downside is that it is loud. Even early--like 5-7pm. Great server, but several tables around us had food brought over that wasn't there's.
Definitely try it out especially if you don't need/want a lot of conversation.Ladies and Gents,
Super Cool vibe like a 1920's speakeasy- Great Bar! 
All Vegan, but you would never know it!! 
Trust Me-- Try the meatballs- 
Gnocchi with Butternut Squash Perfect!!! 
Save room for desserts! 
Chocolate Dessert  98% Dark Chocolate the best way to end the perfect meal.Interior was small and dark, the food was really expensive and it was small plate sized (which we weren't expecting) but the food quality was really average... I think I could have made that chickpea pasta at home and get the same amount of satisfaction. Probably won't be back anytime soon, but the service was great at least!This is my second visit to Charlie's, I want to love this place -- but there's just something missing. The first time I came for just cocktails, and I can't quite put my finger on it, but I just felt underwhelmed - so the best way to put it is that there wasn't necessarily anything wrong, but also maybe nothing extraordinary. 
Yesterday I came back excited to try some food, love me some vegan/ veg food! Unfortunately I left quite a bit underwhelmed again. I can't tell if I just " ordered the wrong things" but I didn't enjoy what I got very much. My friend ordered the avocado toast which I thought was flavorful and delicious, and my other friend ordered the artichoke frites which were also very flavorful and yummy. 
I ordered the dumpling soup which was very underwhelming, your run of the mill vegetable soup mirepoix with some dumplings. My second dish the asparagus and shitake mushrooms were okay, just tiny I know it's a tapas place but it was still just a little too small of a portion for me to really appreciate 3 grilled asparagus and 2-3 mushrooms. I did really enjoy the vidalia onion and the bitter greens spread/sauce on the side though.
Overall I'm really torn on if I should return or not. I like what they're going for, but for some reason it hasn't rubbed me the right way my last few visits. I might have to give it one more shot ordering different food, but time will tell.This was a sophisticated take on vegetarian food. Interesting cocktails. They were so nice and even told us how to make our favorite recipe at home. Who does that? I will absolutely be back again!Charlies met our expectations on ambiance for a high end cocktail bar. Although, I'm not a fan of vegan food if you go order two orders of the brussel sprouts which are the bomb! I will say that the four drinks my husband and I tried (all different) didn't meet our expectations and we were a bit disappointed since we've heard good things for comparison since we live in DC (The Gibson and Jack Rose are much better).Stopped by early for happy hour drinks and small plates. The name caught my eye! service was excellent. Food was excellent, had "our toast" a vegan ricotta with toast, Lentil tacos, Chick Pea sliders, & some type of seeded desert... The presentation was great, and comes out as it is prepared. I highly recommend it for an early stop for drinks and treats. I think the drink prices are fair for happy hour... I will be back :-)I really wanted to love this place but it was unfortunately disappointing.
My date and I went new years eve.  The place itself is super cute. The menu has a variety of things and its easy enough to navigate. its small plates, designed to be shared, I guess. 
we ordered 5 or 6 items and didn't even finish 3 of them, if that tells you anything.
The service was ok.  Our server was nice and her timing was on point but she was so disinterested. The smile seemed fake and her responses to questions were almost meaningless... every dish we asked about, she basically suggested was a great choice.  Cmon..  we were looking for some help here, homie.  
We started with salads. Me, the caesar; my date, the beet.  Mine was meh. not a ton of flavor and the lettuce was nearly wilted. Maybe its just not my style but i wasn't into it. Beet salad was good but beets were few and far between. Both served with the same weak-ass croutons.
We did the maryland crab cakes since everyone on yelp seems to love them. Those were pretty good, though again the flavor wasn't really pronounced.. the texture was good and bread was nice. The crunchy tofu roll or whatever its called was way too fishy, for lack of a better descriptor. We didn't finish it, neither of us cared for it. The crispy artichoke dish was really good but gone in 4 bites.  last but not least (thats debatable, actually) we did the tofu picatta.  this was okay but again nothing special and again we didn't even finish it. These are small plates, folks... to leave unfinished food at a vegan place that is supposed to be So good... thats not right. I had a glass of bubbly and my date a glass of wine.  bill total was in the neighborhood of $80 and we left disappointed and still hungry.
I suppose I would give it another try and order different items, but considering the wealth of vegetarian and vegan options in the city, I am not in a big rush to go back to this one place. 
Ps I may be spoiled by the aforementioned wealth of veg places and availability in the city.  But hey, if you are gonna be a *nice*, pricey veg joint, then step it up.  you have competition!I just got drinks here but it was a great experience, awesome drinks, steep prices but that's to be expected at a time like this.Happy hour cocktails for $8 dollars. Usually I have to write something to clever (or awful) to get people's attention. I think $8 dollar cocktails should suffice. 
Came here for happy hour, and was extremely happy I did. They also had inexpensive beers, some of which were my favorites. I was surprised there weren't more people taking advantage of these deals. 
The happy hour also had some great looking food options, but after stopping in at Reading Terminal Market, I had no room. Some people next to us got the gnocchi, which looked good. The staff were very warm, our bartender provided great service. 
Make sure you add this to your Philadelphia happy hour rotation.