My brother came to visit and we wanted to pick up a six pack of good beers for a night in. Ended up staying and having a few while playing their Nintendo 64 (Super Smash Brothers, which the owner said was donated by fellow patrons). It's a great place with good food and genuinely nice people. Should be a staple in the Northeast.The owner Frank is super nice and always willing to look into ordering beer you want if they don't currently have it. They don't have a huge food menu but what they do have is good. I mostly go for the beer, they have one of the best selections around. The shop is clean, open late and has a small parking lot outback. They also have tables so you can sit and eat.Prices are reasonable.  The owner and the staff is friendly.  The place is clean.  The garlic soy wings and fries are delicious.Wings are amazingly flavorful! I love their beer selection as well... I would say the only negative is how small their menu is. There's little to chose from and you can't always get the same thing depending what day you go or what they have on the menu that day... but owner is very friendly and helpful.You just can't go wrong and if you do it's your fault. There menu is short simple and executed spot on every time. Friendly service and proud to be a part of the community. And if that's not enough they have beer lots of variety and they don't kill you on the prices.Known friends have stop  in. I had a chance to stop. Cheese steak are good. Like the Soy sauce garlic wings. I can taste the sugar in it. Very much like soy sauce chicken. Nice people. Thou, they did forget one order. That is ok. Will be back.If u need a little history on IPA etc. Frank is your guy! Great food & one of the largest variety of cold brews I've ever seen in a local spot.I tried this gem a couple months ago. Their menu is small but satisfying. There is something for everyone. I am on a diet and the owner actually made me a delicious salad that wasn't on the menu to cater to my needs. The prices are reasonable and I'd definitely recommend this place.Chase's is a great hole in the wall. Very small menu, but everything is done correctly... especially the fries. The beer selection is excellent. Also, great selection of games to play while enjoying some adult beverages. No frills type of perfection.Great selection of awesome beers and very solid food. Really like the Thursday special foods.Absolutely love this place. Come here atleast once a week during my lunch hour and Frank and his staff are great. Food selection is always interesting and beer selection is great. Excellent food and drink for an even better price. KudosThe prices are amazing! Good selection, not great but the prices make up for it. Frank is so nice and willing to get special stuff in if you ask.Stopped by here for the first time tonight after reading the glowing Yelp reviews and was VERY impressed!! I've been looking for good food in the area (we live in Fox Chase) and am definitely adding Chase's to my list. 
I am currently a pregnant vegetarian, so the typical cheesesteaks and beer are a no-go for me. I always hate asking if there are vegetarian options, because I feel like it makes me look pretentious, but the owner (I am assuming this is Frank) didn't make me feel like a bother at all! Luckily, they had an amazing grilled cheese and tomato basil soup combo that I ate in probably 5 min or less. SO GOOD. I also had their fries which were equally delicious.
My fiance had the spicy chicken sandwich--which he really enjoyed--but he went crazy for the cheesesteak fries!! 
The service was very friendly, the prices were great, and the ambiance was no frills, but very nice. I can't wait to go back and try their brunch (maybe even this weekend!) So happy to have found Chase's.Great beer selection, tasty unique food, friendly staff, great new addition to the area, hope the business lastsGarlic soy wings  and ice cold beers the best thing to happen to Burholme in a long time...  Good service!! Good food !! Good beer!!Nice little beer stop. Has a solid selection of craft beer. Their cheesesteaks are amazing and packed with meat. The French fries are also very good. If you are in the neighborhood and want s great cheesesteak and fries this is your place.Great cheesesteak great fries!  Beer selection is huge. Good service and reasonable prices too. Will definitely be back.Dope spot - good selection of craft beers and friendly employees (think the foodery in northlibs)I've being going to Chase's since they've opened and have always been pleased! Glad to see a hit bottle shop open in Northeast, especially as there really isn't much around. Frank, the owner is very friendly and attentive to your needs. He has a wide range of beer knowledge and offers an even better selection. The food was also surprisingly good for a beer shop. I was not expecting much but the brunch and wings were amazing! Everything is made with extra care to make sure you have great food. The wings used to but huge but are now on the smaller side but still seasoned and fried well.Went for cheesesteaks and fries and they were both very delicious! All of the staff were very friendly and welcoming. The prices are super reasonable as well. For two large cheesesteaks, a large fry, and two sodas it was about $22! It's a pretty small menu, but I'm sure the other items are delicious as well. It seemed like they had a really nice beer selection as well. There is also a parking lot out back so you don't have to pay for meter parking on Rising Sun Ave. We'll definitely go back 
Update 12/30/17: We went back again and it just keeps getting better! Tried the BBQ wings and they were so amazing! Best wings we've ever had. Awesome prices too: 2 large cheesesteaks, 6 wings, fries, and a soda-$25!If you are looking for a quick bite and beer without breaking the bank, this is your place. Stopped by there today and got two chicken tacos and a beer. Food came out quickly. Friendly staff. Clean place. Frank and the gentleman cooking were awesome. Will definitely be recommending this place and coming back.This place rocks. A cool spot in my neighborhood! Beer selection is really good. Food is great. If you're one of the folks dismayed at the demise of chimac, this place is similar in regards to the wings. But the fries, skin on the way they should be, put them over the top.Phenomenal food. Phenomenal service. I had the soy sauce wings and they were outstanding. Had a great conversation with Frank the owner. Strongly recommend this place. Also exceptionally clean. 5 stars hands down.Let me explain the 3 star rating. I've been wanting to try this place for the longest. It's not far from home at all. So, in my head, I had very high expectations - the wings should've been perfect, and the cheesesteak and turkey hoagie should've been the greatest I've ever tasted... but unfortunately, they weren't. 
The garlic soy wings were too salty. I guess because they were soaked in the sauce, which then made the wings soggy. I ordered a cheesesteak hoagie with the works including pickles and hot peppers. I received the cheesesteak without pickles and hot peppers. I ordered for pick up so I assumed everything I ordered was there. The turkey hoagie was ok, nothing special. I will say the plain double fried wings were good so I'll definitely order those again. 
The 3 stars will not deter me from going back. I will try something different next time.Wings were not "awesome." BBQ sauce lacks flavor, the breading was too much and the meat was meh. The fries were good and service came with a smile. May try their cheesesteak but would not give the wings a second chance.From the very first time I walked into Chase's Hop Shop, it was clear that Frank is easily one of the most caring small business owners I've ever met for a few reasons:
1) He goes out of his way know his customers by name and to get to know them on a personal level.
2) They have a big online and social media presence which is definitely helping their business. 
3) Frank is there morning, noon and night; his wife and kid are also often there too - and they all seem like a really great family which only makes the welcoming appeal of the shop even greater.
4) As soon as the store opened, there was an instant community-oriented vibe. They promote the other businesses and they've gotten involved in local events. They have a local radio show broadcasting out of the store, they've done paint nights, they often bring in breweries for tasting events and they also do first Friday events with special menu items. And even though I missed it, they did an outdoor movie night in the parking lot showing The Sandlot - how cool is that?
5) THE FOOD AND BEER! The menu started small, but over the last few months, it has slowly grown. But even when it started, the wings and fries were amazing. The beer selection has a good variety. And while they can't stock every single craft beer on the market, Frank has made it known that all you have to do is ask and he can get some new beers ordered. Good luck asking some other craft beer outlets to do that for you.
I am lucky that this little gem opened up close by. Frank and his wife are great people and the store is one of the best places to pop up in Northeast Philly.Great place to stop in and try a crazy selection of beers, grab some great food, and let your kids play on old school nintendo 64. Owner is super nice!!I came to this place a few times they have different kinds of beers from domestic to imported to IPA. If you are looking for a good selection in beer stop in and see for yourself.
They also make food here the fries a real potatoe sliced up they are delicious and the wings are good. They sometimes have beer tastings also .I've been wanting to try this place since I saw it was open but I finally tried it out, it was very nice , clean the staff was awesome including the owner he was hands on and had a conversation with me and made me feel welcomed. I'm not really a beer drinker but I did give Not Your Father's Root Beer  a try along with the Soy Garlic Wings- the wings were delicious and fried to perfection and the price was awesome !! They have HUGE selection of craft beers, and food. I will be visiting again :) They also have events as well which is pretty cool! Awesome place for Burlhome/NE PhillyFrank, the owner, is very knowledgeable and helpful.  He emphasized that this was a friendly shop, encouraging ppl to know his name and become regulars.  Def takes pride in his shop.  Wings were large and meaty,  and the cheesesteak was cooked to my preferences.  Very accommodating.   The fact that you can grab a single beer from the 6 packs is great!  All reasonably priced.  I love how he had a cooler just for local brews!Love love love this place. The only one of its kind in the area. Was able to pick my own 6 pack out of a really good selection of all sorts of craft brews and ciders, accompanied by a sandwich with Boars Head, also hard to find in this area. Will return time and time again.Excellent food and service. best was the soy wings then the bbq wings. The buffalo wings were standard but nothing exceptional, nothing bad though. the fries were the only unacceptable thing we ordered. they were overcooked and not seasoned at all. (smaller ones were actually crispy like potato chips. the cheesesteaks were great.. soft warm bread with a very good
portion of meat. great flavor. we were very disappointed to find out a lot of the items in the yelp pics are no longer offered due to the chef that was cooking them going elsewhere. This covers the breakfast items and mac and cheese bites. :( I recommend getting a few more unique menu items.. but overall enjoyed the place!!  service was very personable. They were definitely eager to please and very friendly.A+ beer selection, A- Philly cheese steaks. Can't recommend enough, especially at the excellent pricesGreat selection of craft beer which you can't find anywhere else in the northeast and their wings are the best!Now, this is a place with wonderful service! Very cool, attentive, friendly guy who waited on us and made us feel very comfortable. Cool atmosphere- they had a Nintendo 64 and alot of their games available for us to play, and we had a blast! Also, enjoyed their hot wings. We would definitely go backDefinitely a hidden gem in the northeast. Drove passed it and never even noticed this place until my friend told us about it. Love the selection of craft beers and the food was delicious. I ordered the bacon cheeseburger and had cherry peppers added to it. The wings were really good too. Reminds me of Korean fried chicken. Best part was that everything was really affordable. Glad it's right down the block. Definitely will come here again.This place is awesome.  Great selection of beers, awesome food, and the owner Frank is the man.  Been going here ever since it opened and will continue to.  I tell everyone I know about this place and hope it stays there foreverI wanted to like this place so much!! Stopped by Chase's for lunch and a drink and had a pretty average experience. The staff was friendly and they offer a great beer selection but food-wise we found it to be lacking. We ordered a sandwich, Jim's fries, and garlic soy wings. The fries and wings are supposed to be the go-to items so we figured we'd stick to what's popular but we were disappointed. Not only did it take FOREVER for our food to come out but when it did the wings were super super dry and the fries were pretty much just limp fries with some steak and a small slice of melted cheese on them. Everything was lacking in flavor and we left most of it on our plates. The sandwich was fine, nothing to rave about. 
I'd say this place is great to make your own 6-pack, skip the food.Love this place! Just moved to Fox Chase and this will definitely be our go-to place for a beer and a fast meal
Edited: Frank is amazing! Do yourself a favor and get the spicy chicken sandwich. I have Frank make mine extra spicy :) and their wings! Omg their wings! They are so good! Get the sauce on the side. You barely even need any. Great place!Went for cheesesteaks and fries and they were both very delicious! All of the staff were very friendly and welcoming. The prices are super reasonable as well. For two large cheesesteaks, a large fry, and two sodas it was about $22! It's a pretty small menu, but I'm sure the other items are delicious as well. It seemed like they had a really nice beer selection as well. There is also a parking lot out back so you don't have to pay for meter parking on Rising Sun Ave. We'll definitely go backIf you want excellent customer service, a huge selection of single or six pack beers and beverages, and flavorful food, you come here. They were super gracious about my gluten allergy and very willing to work with me to make a meal I could eat. Free parking on the Oxford side of the restaurant make this an even more appealing quick stop.A nice, cool spot located by Five Points in Northeast. I heard of this place from my friends and was pleased with the atmosphere. They have a great, wide selection of craft beers (initially what brought me in and will continue to). They have board games and a Nintendo 64 for customers to hangout and they also have movie night in the back which is pretty neat. Check them out if you're into comfort food and crafts!This is a really cool spot. Great selection of beer that you can mix and match, changing menus and board games if you're interested. The wings were crispy and amazing!!! Staff were friendly and kept our beer warm as we ate and drank. Will definitely put this in the weekend rotation.Delicious wings, fresh cheesesteaks and an amazing beer selection. I feel like I may have sold myself short when I didn't try out the breakfast options. I gave this place a three because it could use a good cleaning. They have a lot of potential if they spruced up the atmosphere. I would definitely stop by for some beer take out in the future.Just went back for another outstanding bunch. I had a new hangover hash: potatoes,fried jalapenos, onions,eggs,bacon,homemade cheese sauce. The wife had red velvet battered Brioche french toast stuffed with fresh Strawberries & sweet cream cheese. Lucky for me she did not finish it and I helped her do so. Yup fantastic as well. This place really does have a amazing chef. Never disappointed eating here.Damn good food, obviously folks know how to properly handle ingredients. 
Beer selection is well above par.. like well above. 
Service was on point, price was way reasonable. 
We had chicken buffalo wrap, cheeseburger, small fry, and an order of Jim's Fries. Wrap had very welcome accompaniment of pickled veggies. Cheeseburger had bacon jam. Jim's fries have cheese steak. Eat the buffalo chicken wrap over Jim's fries. Trust me.Pick your own six packs, you can get hoagies and cheesesteaks. Neat and clean place. Told us about many events they are doing weekly. Very refreshing for burholme.I'm not much of a beer drinker but if I was, I guess this place would be the equivalent of a kid in a candy store. 
There lies against the wall a large selection of beers from all over the world and Frank was kind enough to go over his selection of craft beers and suggest me something that I might like even though I am not much of a beer drinker. 
In addition to all of the beers, his place also has some eats as well, hoagies, fries, cheese steaks, and korean style double fried chicken wings that are nice and crisp and you don't have to order in $20 batches which is a plus.Hands down this is the best 'bottle shop' in the area with a great selection of beers. I consider my self a craft beer guy and this place nails it with great service and pricing. I now stop here regularly on my way home from work. Highly reccomend. 
I reserve one star as I have yet to try the food.Love this place. Usually get jims fries and wings. Cheesesteaks are bomb too. I usually check out the beer of the month special and grab a sixer!Great little hole in the wall for craft beer bottles and amazing cheesesteaks. Wings were awesome too! Definitely the biggest and meatiest wings I've ever had. Staff is very nice and very helpful with suggestions. I highly recommend even just stopping by to pick up a beer or two. Selection is terrific with a large individual bottle section.Great place! Great selection of beer, great food and great owner! It's more then a craft beer shop it's a place where there is always something happening, you can tell that they want to be part of the community.Good selection of craft beers. Excellent customer service; and best of all it was open post Blizzard of 2016.Nice local place to grab wings, sandwiches, fries and a variety of beers for eating in or take out. Small seating areas in the front and back of the restaurant. 
Stopped by on a Sunday afternoon after an early movie.  We ordered the buffalo and ginger soy wings, cheese steak fries and a bacon cheeseburger.  I also had a hard apple cider and cranberry juice "mimosa"!!  Everything was tasty and pipping hot.  The garlic soy wings could use a little more flavor but were still worth trying.
The owner was extremely nice and had a good rapport with all the customers coming in for take out orders. They had a few brunch items (shrimp & grits & french toast) listed on the menu and we will try those on the next visit.AMazing hidden jem in northeast Philly.  They offer a huge variety of craft beers but we go to Chases for the food and friendly staff.  This trip I had the Red Velvet French toast which was so yummy. Husband had hangover hash which was eggs, bacon, hashbrowns. Peppers, cheddar cheese sauce and jalepenos. He said it was fantastic and probably one of the best breakfast dishes he has ever had. Definitly check this place out if you are in the northeast.  We have eaten here several times and have never been disappointed.Great hidden jem. My husband loooves their beer selection, but the food is amazing and cheap! Best hoagie I've had in a while, not a gourmet hoagie just simple and perfect.This place is a gem. Seriously. Friendly and knowledgeable staff, great selection of beer, and the food is delish! I can see great things for these guys in the future especially if they expand the menu as its already outstanding. 
It's nice to go somewhere and drink good beer without the staff making you feel stupid for asking what something tastes like...ahem..like some other six pack shops that shall not be named. 
If you want some good beer and a quick bite...definitely make it a point to stop here, you won't be sorry!!!Chase's is the best in town. I recommend the wings to anyone who hasn't tried them. I am 30 years old and have hated sings my entire life before coming here. The atmosphere is chill and the owner seems to always be there and is helpful. He is actively involved in the community which is a great thing. Beer tastings are held which is a nice way to taste a new beer before buying. Whenever I hear of a new beer to try,, Chase's is my go to spot.highly recommend, you will not be disappointed.Thank goodness for this place!!! The selection beats any place in the area, and the people working here are super nice. I always feel welcomed walking in, and I always get a smile on the way out. The prices are reasonable and the food is good. I've had the wings, which are crispy and delicious. Don't break the bank going to bars every weekend, support a local family owned business and enjoy a safe night at home (or wherever your six pack takes you!)Owner and family, staff, food and service....the best!  I have never not been satisfied with anything I have gotten from Chase's. 
#greatplacetovisittimeandtimeagainTHIS!!!!
THIS is EXACTLY what people in the "NEST" NEED!!!
The food is GOOD!!!!  It's a lot harder than you'd imagine to find a decent hoagie, let alone a good one!! 
A craft beer take out spot with a good selection of choices at good prices.  It's not a huge place but it doesn't matter because you WILL find something you want, you WILL be happy, and you WILL be back.
And the staff are really nice people who actually talk to you like a human being!! Not just that but like one other reviewer said, they've got a sense of community.  That's not something that the NE really has and for a reason. This though is a very bright spot and good reason to rethink that. 
There really aren't many places to GO to like you would the downtown and blossoming neighborhood areas. It's not like you can do a bunch of window shopping or store hopping around there but who knows. All it takes is one good place to start a chain reaction. Chase's is a great place for lunch or to eat, chill out, grab some good beer. And it's a quick walk from a regional train station as well. Easy to get to, easy to find.
There is a reason for all the 5 star reviews. We need more places like this and deserve your support!!!
At the moment, the 5 points area has Chase's, a REALLY good Sushi place, a good Ice Cream place that's been there forever and a thrift shop that's okay. There's a few other things milling about but those are the highlights, but from a few things I have read in the NE Times, the area might be changing. 
If Chase's is any indication of what is to come, then we are in for a treat because the bar has been raised for the area. 
It's a great place!!AWESOME WINGS!!!!   Best I ever had. Cheesesteak fries are great too.  Great beer selection.  The hidden gem on Rising Sun Ave!!Good food, great service, nicest people work there. Prices are super low. I don't know anywhere where u can get a good hoagie and a couple craft beers for $11. This place is great, and frank is the man!Nice beer selection. I had a Monk's Cafe Flemish sour ale which was delicious and fairly cheap(at 5.50 it was the most expensive beer in there by $2 bucks. Most beer were 3-4 bucks) aI'd never had it before. I also got the buffalo chicken wrap. It was fairly healthy as the chicken wasn't fried and they had other vegetables too beef it up besides lettuce (carrots, celery) and they were fresh. It was a good wrap. Small menu, but it seems like the cooks take care to make each food offering very well. Bottom line:good food, good beer, pretty cheapI love this place. So happy it opened in my neighborhood. Delicious food. Great beer selection.Where else in NE Philly can you find craft beer in six packs and simple decent food?  Impressive selection of beers including a good number of local brewers- Yards, philly brewing co, Victory, neshaminy, etc. Its a clean and open space with friendly staff.  Will definitely return to this welcome to the neighborhood.4/25/16
 Being a non drinker I found ourselves at a takeout sort of eat in craft beer joint eating dinner. Not really sure how I heard, but the chatter about the wings here were not unfounded. Great crunch and flavor and I was very surprised they came from this place. 
The steak was tasty but not close to my top picks and again a surprise. 
Very friendly staff and clean inside. If I was near by I would be back.
6/5/16
 Whelp we came back and I am really glad we did. We ordered  some new items and 
They all were very good. I loved the Hash, perfectly seasoned potatoes and crisp bites
of bacon and chucks of sausage. Great combo. 
The burger was very good and cooked just right.
My wife's french toast was shockingly superb, I was able to wrassle a morsel or
two from here and some very good toast. 
I chatted with the owner and was glad to see they change up the brunch menu every few
weeks, he is a very nice guy and they put out some very good food.
I will have to come back in a few weeks to see what else is new.After reading the good reviews, I decided to try this place out. Delivery was very fast, but the driver didn't come to the door, he called and asked me to come outside to get my food... I found that very strange. I tried the buffalo wings and cheesesteak. The wings were not very good, they were too spicy for me, and not crispy at all. The cheesesteak was good, but not the best. I wouldn't give up on this place, would maybe try a different wing flavor and maybe eat in vs delivery... I would say it was just ok.Me and my man geogre b. Think these the best wings in the city only wish they did wing nite we would grip at least 100 and a couple big redsMaybe I would have to go back, but my first experience was not a good one.
From the initial view of the place I liked it. The setup had tons of beer along the wall, kitchen was visible and seating on both sides of the place. It was small but I also liked that. I was greeted as I entered the door and that still makes me feel great because I love the southern charm (being from the south.)
Anyways, I ordered 6 double fried BBQ wings and a small fry. I must say the portions are really big. There were a lot of fries and the wings were huge. Now the sauce was pretty good but the wings were not cooked well enough for my taste. I feel they could have cooked them longer being that it was so much breading on the wings. They were really wet in the middle when biting them and little too tough and pink for my liking. Also the fries were loaded with salt. 
Now this was my first experience, so this is all that I have tried and I'm sure if I went back the experience would be very different.!Don't miss the food while building your own six pack. Chicken cheesesteak fries are great. Keep an eye out for Chase running about. He's a very friendly young fella. Watch for tastings & other events.hangover hash is to die for...the blueberry French toast enormous and delicious...the brunch menu changes every couple of weeks...but one thing that is consistent is the outrageously delicious strong coffee.Ok ..I took a chance...it's nothing fancy but they have a good variety of beers...the food is phenomenal...fresh cooked to order...large portions...friendly and very helpful when trying to figure out the many beers...I am hooked.There is nothing like listening to some great tunes having a nice COLD craft beer or soft drink  & eating and some GREAT tasty food in a nice and friendly place with wonderful people on both sides of the counter. Frank and his crew keep the bathroom and entire place spotless and work very hard to make everyone feel welcome and at home...!!! The " Hop Shop " is a great place to stop anytime night or day and children are welcome ! .... Don't forget to take some great refreshments home with you !!!amazing little spot for awesome beer selection & great prices too !! happy that I can find gluten free beer close by & can mix and match 6pack it's perfect !Great selection of beer and affordable...been waiting for a place to open like this in our area. Frank, the owner is a great guy. Very knowledgeable and hospitable. We bought a six pack and decided to sit down for a beer and he offered to chill the six pack till we left. Also, the food is great. The tacos sell out so quickly so we haven't had a chance to try them but the cheesesteak fries are soo good.We stopped by this place based on the positive Yelp reviews and man am i glad we did!! The food is excellent . . .excellent corned beef; fresh rolls; boars head meats . . . and be sure to get the cheeseteak fries w/onions. As for the beer selection, it's second-to-none. By the bottle or by the 6 pack, there are too many selections to pick from...and that's a good problem to have!We have been coming here since it opened and love this place! My boyfriend and I live close by and we are always bemoaning the lack of anywhere decent to go on Rising Sun Avenue for a good beer and a sandwich. Chase's fulfills both needs wonderfully! A great selection of craft and mainstream beers. They also sell Frank's soda's, a delicious local iced and bottled coffee and a variety of other flavored 
soda's as well if beer isn't your thing. You can build your own 6 pack, you can also have a beer or two on site. The wings are my favorite here. Terrifically crispy and crunchy and always served piping hot with plenty of hot sauce. They also have them in bbq and garlic soy. The owner, Frank, is so personable. He actually takes time to remember your name and is always good for a chat. He is always changing up the menu and offering creative choices. The brunch on the weekends is always delicious. Hangover Hash, crispy fried potatoes, onions, a kielbasa-style sausage cooked well with a sunny side up egg on top. So good! Shrimp and Grits was another delicious offering. A great addition to the neighborhood and to an Avenue that needs a little sprucing up. We make it a point to stop in everyweek. Great spot.I stopped in to get some beer for a BYOB we were headed to. The set up is similar to a bodega, but they have tables for their customers in the back. The beer selection is decent and there is something for everyone. My only suggestion is that the person at the register be more efficient with time.  I was one of three customers in line and I still waited for about 10 min to check out. The employee kept going back and asking questions to her coworker, then seemed to get preoccupied with something else. She was friendly once I got up there though.Great local spot. I always heard good things about this place and stopped in today. The wings were great, fries were good, and also had a good burger. The place had a friendly atmosphere, and plenty of beer selection. 
This is definitely a good spot to stop and eat & relax. They also have a Nintendo 64 set up to play. I have also seen things on Facebook with Chase's Hop shop helping out with the Lawncrest 4th of July celebration. This is definitely one of the best spots in the neighborhood. I'm looking forward to going in again.