Vegan forward and omnivore friendly with a lovely menu of authentic Thai classics and creative house specials. We loved the "Autumn Rolls" and the hearty curries. Portions were generous, service was friendly and prompt. There were a lot of things on the menu I wanted to try so we plan to go back again soon.Best Thai restaurant in town! Dishes are delicious, authentic and beautifully plated. My favorites are the pork shank and the Thai seafood salad. The ambiance is really great -- warm and beautifully decorated. I highly recommend Chatayee Thai!I was visiting Philly for the weekend and craving Thai and heard from a friend that Chatayee was new and pretty legit. We ordered the classics and some interesting specials. From the Tom Yum soup to the Warm Black Rice pudding we were very pleased. The dishes were authentic, fresh and flavorful with great presentation. We will be back!I found this place looking for a new place to eat.  I have gone back three times.  The food is great.  The price is good and a the atmosphere is great.  Try it!!This was a great place to visit for a weekend in Philly. We were craving Asian food and Chatayee Thai was the perfect choice. The ambience is perfect, our waitress was so sweet and attentive. The Flower Show specials were also delicious, as well as the cocktails and traditional pad Thai dishes.Really excellent Thai food that suits every dining group...great pork and duck, enough vegetarian and vegan entrees, some fresh and surprising dishes (try the autumn rolls). My favorite dish is the Ka Mou Tod, a pork shank braised in wine and five spice, then deep fried- over cucumbers and more with a spicy chili lime sauce.  Amish stores include the lamb and the duck breast and the eggplant. Pork belly pad thai was rich.. and a nice pairing with glass noodle salad with shiitake. All in all a great meal.  Not too noisy so you can enjoy your dinner company. Beautiful crystal chandeliers and Thai Art. This is not your typical pod Thai jointI agree with the earlier reviewers. This place could be great but is simply "ok". Food was decent but service was all over the place.This place is the bomb! We live about a block from the restaurant and I was super excited to see a new Thai place open because the other Thai option in the area is meh...I won't name names. Anyway this place is excellent! It's our go to Thai now!i want this place to make it. but to make it, they need a few adjustments. First, the food need to be hot....not room temp and certainly not cold (as many of our apps and entrees were)....second, the service is too spotty. drinks took 40 minutes to come! that is not in our interest and it's not in their interest. I hope they get service worked out because the food is good...a little rich...but good...if only it was even slightly warm...Amazing food and awesome service. Very accommodating staff, owner personally took care of my order preferences (no salt). Loved the food. Must try.I ordered online. There was a glitch in the matrix and the restaurant never got the order. Grubhub called them and sorted it out. No harm no foul. I want to extend the highest compliment to the lovely, profession bartender (the bar was legit busy, and apparently is also responsible for takeout) she was totally on top of getting my order in and made me a drink (that is delicious and spicy) on the house. I have been watching this gal juggle next level. More to come after i sample this vegan food.Excellent happy hour and very vegetarian friendly menu. I will be coming back here frequently!Some of the best Thai I ever had, very friendly and personal service, spacious and airy restaurant, bar looked great as well (but we just had dinner).  Will go back next time in PhillyNice decor, friendly staff, good service. Ordered the pad kee mao but while the noodles were cooked properly, the entree seriously lacked flavor.Great new Thai restaurant in town! Diverse menu, with an excellent vegan menu too. Food can be spicy so let them know your spice level. Friendly service, nice ambiance. Highly recommend!Chatayee is now our favorite Thai Restaurant anywhere!!! The food and spices are authentic and delicious, the environment is warm Thai elegant, the service impeccable, the people delightful, who could ask for anything more!?! We'll go back often and have already gone back again with friends, who thanked us profusely, and, we've told our whole gang that this place is a MUST GO!!!Very yummy food and excellent selection of vegan food.  The menu was varied, ingredients fresh and food hot!  I also liked the ambience and colors on the walls.  I would definitely come back here again!  Prices were reasonable too and portions not small.Very awesome restaurant with great decor, lots of space, cool bar, and good Thai food. I came here for dinner with my wife on Saturday. We were seated promptly. We got a window table near the bar. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. 
I ordered the Tom Yum soup and Pa Pai Koog spring rolls. They offer levels of spice for soups and most entrees: mild, medium, spicy and Thai spicy. The server said that spicy and Thai spicy are very spicy. So, I got the soup medium spicy, and that was a good call. It had the perfect amount of spice for me. Both the soup and spring rolls were delicious. The rolls came with a delicious sweet sauce. The soup had a great flavor. The veggies were not too soft, which I liked. 
For dinner, I ordered the Kang Ped Yang, which was crispy duck breast in a red curry sauce. My wife ordered the Pad Kee Mai noodles.  Both meals came out within 15 minutes after our appetizers, which was awesome. The food was delicious. Everything was hot, fresh and flavorful.  The duck was tender and moist. The portion was good for the price too. We were very happy and full. 
The restaurant is really nice and would be great for large groups and parties. We will return!Very tasty! I came here on a Tues evening. About 10 people in the spacious beautifully decorated room. 
Prompt attentive service. Tasty food. I had the shrimp pad Thai , my friend had the basil chicken. We had the larb to start. Good menu for keto folk and carb junkies, alike. Full bar , as well . Convenient  location.We had Pad See Ew, Tom Kha soup, spring rolls and Chatayee curry (all veg). Everything was delicious - my fave was the Tom Kha soup! Service was fast and friendly. The location is great, and the restaurant decor is very classy. We had mango sticky rice for dessert, which was just a half a mango on top of sticky rice with sweetened condensed milk I believe. It was simple but yummy. For 2 apps, 2 entrees and a dessert we paid around $55. What I liked most is that the vegan menu is extensive. I'll def be back!I really liked the decor.  It has a nice tranquil energy. The acoustics are such that even when crowded the noise level is low. I had Spring Rolls and Shrimp Pad Thai. I also got the Bangkok Mule cocktail which I very much enjoyed. My guest had Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp  and Chicken Pad Kee Moa Kai. We both loved the food. A great feature of the restaurant is that you are able to adjust the spiciness of the food by requesting low medium or strong heat. I will definitely return. I thought the service was very good. We sat st the bar. The bartender was very busy and even so extremely pleasant and very attentive. They also have a nice draft beer selection as well as bottled beer.If you ever come to philly definitely visit this place. The ambience and staff are amazing... what stands out is the food.. the green curry is outstanding..one of the best I have ever had in USA... their service is quick and food is very authentic... had a wonderful time..After a long day, I just stopped in to satisfy my Thai craving. I had the Tom Kha soup, which was creamiest one I have ever had! Delicious! Also had the Red Curry chicken with roti on the side. My mouth was on fire, but in a good way! Lowell, the bartender was amazing! Great recommendations and conversation. I will be back!Great selection of Thai dishes and desserts you cannot find in other Thai restaurants in Philly! We got Tod Mun Pla (fish cake) to start. It was great and tasted like what you would get in Thailand. We then got Spicy Basil Fried Rice and Shrimp Pad Thai. Pad Thai was pleasant and minimally Americanized (i.e., not terrifyingly sweet and sour). "Spicy" basil fried rice was not spicy at all (fun fact: I DON'T eat spicy food) and was a bit too sweet for my taste. But fear not, they have side chilli/vinegar/soy sauce ready for you just like what restaurants do in Thailand. We also got Sangkaya Fuctong (pumpkin custard) and Kaow Naew Purg (rice pudding with taro) for desserts, both of which were good. Our server was attentive, and the place was spacious and nicely decorated. The main reason I am not giving five stars is that food came out soooper slowly even during off-peak times (9:30pm on Saturday).When you read some Yelpers reviews, it makes you realize why it's important to write reviews for restaurants. This is nothing short of a five star dining experience. They have a full length separate vegan menu. I was so enamored with those offering that I nearly neglected the non-vegan menu. 
But...I am happy that I found my way to the auntie spring rolls, the mussels, the pork belly and the spicy basil fried rice. The food is presented beautifully, the dishes are thoughtfully plated. The service was kind and attentive. I think that they decorated and remodeled this space very thoughtfully, vibrant walls, Thai inspired art, and an expansive layout. 
I visited the restaurant on a Wednesday, so it wasn't completely full and I cannot speak to the noise levels of the restaurant.I am so happy. This was the best, most authentic Thai food that I have had since visiting Maui. They did a wonderful job with the atmosphere of the place. It's a big space but the decorations and lighting make it feel very comfortable. My server, Melissa, was friendly, attentive and very knowledgeable. She answered all my vegan questions and that is the icing on the cake here...there are SO many vegan options. A whole other menu in fact and that was just for lunch! My parents take it one step further and eat a no-oil diet and the chef said she could easily accommodate them. Go and eat here, support this new restaurant because they deserve to be around for many, many years to come.3.5. This place was good but nothing sensational. Nice inside, a little overly decorated with chandeliers, good acoustics and price. Pleasant food if you are in the mood but it is just hard to find great authentic Thai in the city.Is a really nice new place to eat at. Too many weight is running around not knowing what to do. The food was absolutely good Hot now. The waiters actually had recommendations on what to choose. No restaurant name so we didn't know we were half the time I kept forgetting. It's new and upcoming so I'm sure it will get better.Very spacious and nice restaurant, but a lil dark.  The Tom Yum soup with chicken Thai hot was very tasty, but not Thai hot that I'm used to.  The chicken pad Thai I ordered Thai hot and it lacked the intensity that I'm used two.  It was on the dryer side, but the chicken was very tender and the taste was good. The time for the soup was much longer than I expected as well as the main course took rather long to come out.  Our waitress was very good, friendly and knowledgeable.  Great customer service and do recommend this restaurant.Yum!  We had happy hour drinks, a super friendly bartender and great food.  We ate spring rolls then for entre had the green curry and chicken pad Thai.  All of it was fantastic.  The heat was perfectly explained and was right on.  As a bonus it is a beautiful place with good AC and friendly staff.  I would recommend to anyone liking Thai food.As of early July, Chatayee is one of my top Thai places in Philly. 
Must get: crispy pumpkin pouch, pad thai, papaya salad, mushroom salad
Meh: cocktails ($$$), short ribs, fish cake
Missed: soup, cocktail hour, thai spice level
While Chatayee may seem like a generic Thai restaurant from the exterior, i.e. fancy lighting, large bar seating, overly decorative photos, the food is authentic. My favorite was the papaya salad, mushroom salad and spring rolls. I would have preferred the portions to be slightly larger given the price, but I can't argue with the taste and texture. I was a bit disappointed with the short ribs, which was a bit too tough and over-sauced. The short ribs portion, however, was generous.
Overall, I think Chatayee Thai made a positive impression and I am very interested in coming back for the cocktail hour menu and cheaper dishes.
Food: 5 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Price: 4 starsVery nice interior and delightful staff (it was essentially empty at 6 pm on a Wednesday so I can't speak to service when busy).
The menu is quite a bit pricier than most Thai restaurants I have been to, but dishes for less than $20 are available. 
We had chicken Pad Thai, something we always try at a new place and from the vegan menu Massaman curry. I asked for 1 1/2 stars of heat and glad I stayed low on the scale. Both dishes were very good. 
They were very attentive to my GF needs.Excellent Thai food. It's a little quiet and empty so I was worried but the food was amazing. The service is wonderful and I loved my meal.Everything was excellent.  Attended a Happy Hour tonight and the service at the bar was outstanding.   The food and wine were all excellent.  Beautiful new atmosphere, tastefully decorated and very inviting.    A definite go-to for something light or a full meal.My friends and I were in town for a conference and Chatayee was right around the corner. We all ordered a spice level of 3/6 on our entrees- they all turned out wayyyy too spicy.. but our server was amazing. He took our food back and they tuned down the spice for all dishes. Turned out perfect in the end. Will come back next time we're in Philly!Positives: affordable and tasty Thai food in a beautiful setting. 
Negatives: there was hardly any waitstaff on a Saturday night and there was one person who acted as the host, bartender, waiter, and bus boy. I think this restaurant could be successful but they need to have a full waitstaff. Trying to order drinks or food was close to impossible since no one would come by our table to take our orders.First time here. Service was friendly and food was yummy. Would come back again to try the rest of the menu items.We ordered from the restaurant week menu and overall the food was good. They ran out of the pork belly so we weren't able to try that. The reason for the 3-star rating is service. Our server was friendly but everything was so delayed in getting to us. We ordered beers as soon as we were seated and we saw them sitting on the bar for 10 min before we were able to flag our server down again and ask for them. Then we had another table's food served to us twice, while we sat waiting for our second course. But then oddly enough, we got our third (main) course before the second course ever showed up. They asked if we wanted it packed to go but we just told them to bring it out. We got the autumn rolls and the mushroom salad for the second course, but we realized that the salad they brought out had no mushrooms on it. So we flag down a different waiter who says that it's actually the salad that the pork belly is served under, which we werent able to order since they ran out of it, so it was a little odd that they would just bring out a plain salad. Either way they bring out the correct mushroom salad and it was ok, not really worth all the hassle but it was probably the only thing we tried and didn't like. We had the Massaman curry and baby back ribs as our main courses and they were both really good, very flavorful. And finally for dessert, we had the dragon fruit sticky rice with mango sauce and it was also really good. The things that put me off about this place is that one of the cups and pieces of silverware on our table were dirty when we sat down, and the back of the restaurant seems like it just hasn't gotten the same level of attention to decor as the front. Like when you walk in, it looks like you're in a fine dining restaurant and then you walk towards the back and it looks like you're in a traditional dine-in/take-out Thai restaurant. Again the food overall was good but nothing special compared to other Thai restaurants (except for the ribs), and the service and ambiance of the restaurant itself could have been better.Great authentic cuisine, great service, and great atmosphere and vibe.  We had appetizers: mou ping, papaya salad, larb kai, and main dishes: pork belly, and red curry chicken.  Fresh ingredients, refined preparation, and good portion sizes. Delicious.  I'd characterize this place as an upscale Thai restaurant.I loved my green curry!!! This place knows how to make Thai food! Definitely worth a trip back again!Came here for a late dinner with some friends. The massaman and roti was incredible- some of the best roti I have ever had. The massaman was thick and peanuty good. The pad see ew and pad kee mow were flavorful and delicious and the salmon with vegetable curry (I forget the name!) was incredible. Large piece of salmon with crispy skin and perfectly cooked vegetables. The plating was gorgeous, too. My friend's pad see ew was a spice level 2 and it was too much for her so they literally remade her dish and were super sweet about it and then introduced her to all the spices so she could see what she could handle. Amazing. Will definitely be back.I ordered delivery which arrived on time. I was really happy to see they have clearly labeled Vegan/Vegetarian options. The Vegan Pad Kee Mao was a good portion, fresh, and tasty. I also ordered the Vegan Salad Kak, which I would not recommend. Something was off about it. The tofu in it was fried, but mushy rather than crispy. Something about the peanut sauce tasted bland. It was pretty pricey for what I got. Not sure if I'd order here again, but I would definitely enjoy eating the Vegan Pad Kee Mao again. If the prices were a little lower, I'd be more inclined.I know of Joanna Pang, the owner of Chayatee Thai.  I know she is an American of Chinese descent.  There is no shame in that.  This is America.  By being an American, you should be able to tackle any challenge you desire, including owning and operating a Thai restaurant.
I lived in Lampang, Thailand a number of years ago.  I am always looking for good home cooking.  Had a not so good experience with Chayatee a few months ago when it first opened, but thought I give it a second chance when every restaurant on 13th Street required at least a 30 min wait.  
It took forever for my curry to arrive.  I understand this is the weekend, all of the restaurants are busy.  During the wait, my server, who reeked of cigarettes, stopped by my table twice.  It wasn't to apologize or even to fill my water glass, but to just remind me that this restaurant is Thai owned.  Who cares!
My food did not taste authentic.  I probably have to go back to Thailand for complete authenticity.
What a waste of a good evening.  I knew I should have just waited to be seated at El Vez around the corner.  Everyone knows that El Vez makes real Mexican food, and of course, it is owned by real Mexicans.Chatayee Thai is a great place to eat out!! The atmosphere is very nice with cool decor yet very cozy. The restaurant itself is extremely spacious. The waitstaff was friendly and prompt.
Highly recommend the spring rolls with shrimp and fried mussels with siracha to start!! The pad see ew was delicious and so was the pad Thai. Highly recommend coming here. The portions are huge, great wine and beer selections and food is so tasty. Definitely will be coming back! The prices are also not bad at all especially for the high quality food of large portions!Ok Ok Ok. I love thai and was told to come here. When I arrived it was empty as it was the week day evening. I liked. 
Parking: metered street or parking lot a block up. 
Atmosphere: cozy and cool
Service: Our servers Melissa & Lowell were nice and personable. 
Food: I got the autum rolls: Root vegetables carrots , mushrooms, With a sweet chili Ginger mango dipping sauce. Not too bad. For my entree, I ordered Pad Ma Keow which sounds like the cats meow!!! lol ! it's sauteed basil garlic eggplant, carrots and onions. Now I love heat on my food so I opted for thai hot. Wellllll!!! it set my soul on fire and not in a good way!! I was sweating so bad I needed to fan myself with the table napkin!! my nose was running and no amount of water helped! I ordered the cocktail long Thailand ice tea which is the thai ice tea with liquor in it. I couldn't taste any alcohol though.  Well I drank that down too and finally after about 20 minutes the heat let up and I could concentrate.  omg! Be very careful when choosing the heat level. Melissa was gracious enough to bring me a mild sauce out as I could not taste the food because the heat level took that away. I dug out the veggies and put them on another plate. The heat was so intense,  it had set into the veggies and I could still taste it after I poured the mild sauce over the veggies and rice. I could taste the meal now and it wasn't bad.  
Overall my experience was good. I will be back to try something different.  Note to self: never get thai heat so I can eat.
Enjoy!Amazing food and great service. One of the best Thai restaurants in the city, highly recommend!Food is delicious here. Seriously.
If you're on a date and need some points, you'll want to get the braised short ribs, tom yum soup, and samosas. Add another dish of what she's feeling that night. Good enough for two, will be full.
Staff was nice. Ambiance is boss.
Oh and get dessert. Don't be cheap, she deserves it. And you deserve it as well. 
Stay sexy. Be cool. Enjoy life!We were visiting Philly and went here for Valentine's Day dinner after reading about them on Eater. We ordered from their 4-course prix fixe menu for the night (maybe our mistake?) and the food was meh, at best. I won't pretend to be a connoisseur, but I've had my fair share of Thai food and this was not good. If it was just mediocre food, I would have given them a 2-3 star rating. However, the service was also TERRIBLE. 
1. We arrived for our 7:30 reservations and were only seated around 7:40 despite many tables being available. 
2. We ordered 2 glasses of wine and put in our food order by 7:55 
3. Our wine came right way, but the first course--soup--didn't arrive until almost 8:40. And to make matters worse, mine was luke warm temperature and my wife's (who had specifically asked for no onions) was filled with onions. We understood that soup is sometimes mass produced but when we asked our waitress, she said she had forgotten to tell the kitchen - even though we saw her write it down. 
4. A different waiter brought us 2 more glasses of wine which we hadn't ordered as a way of apologizing for the wait. Or so we thought. Both those glasses were added to our bill. 
5. We had to repeatedly ask for and then wait for refills of our water or missing utensils. 
5. The night progressed with the staff occasionally apologizing for the delays but all in all not worth the time or the money.Excellent Thai food. Food was absolutely delicious, service was excellent and very fast. The restaurant has a really nice interior. If you are looking for great Thai food look no further than Chatayee Thai!Some of the most delicious Thai food I've ever had. Main dishes, appetizers, drinks all cooked using spices that make me hungry just thinking about them! The service is quick and friendly and the atmosphere is welcoming. Overall a great.place to get Thai food.REALLY enjoyed my meal here. I found this place online (through Yelp) and was definitely not disappointed. The staff is super accommodating and the restaurant is HUGE so odds are you'll never have to wait for a table.
I came here with a vegan friend and she was super pleased with the large vegan menu that came within the regular menu. We both ordered pad thai and both of us left very full and very pleased.
I cannot wait to come back and bring more people to show them the amazing place that is this restaurant.GREAT Thai  food. One of the best I have ever had. Too bad I don't livE in Philly, or I would go there all  the time.Very delicious food, nice decor, and nice staff. An excellent new thai place for sure!
A bit dark when you walk in but its actually pretty easy to see at the tables. Quiet and easy to talk to each other. Extensive menu AND an extra vegan menu, which confused us at first. Had their version of a Moscow mule and my friend had a mango chili drink and they honestly compared to what you get at bespoke cocktail joints, a nice surprise for sure! Tom Yum soup was good! I had the Pad Thai which was a MASSIVE portion but very well cooked and flavored. Had enough for lunch the next day. All of the usual Thai Fare is on the menu. 
Our waiter was very nice. He honestly forgot someone was allergic to shrimp and told us when the food came out and was more than willing to take it back but we just exchanged plates. Would have been nice and would probably be a good idea to put the addition of Shrimp Flakes to the menu so people know. He was very nice about it and honestly felt terrible and apologized several times. 
One feedback would be that the prices seemed high and the portions were unnecessarily large. I wanted to try more appetizers and things but I couldn't even finish my main dish. Would be nice if prices were lower and portions were smaller. 
Amazing cocktails, excellent Thai food, and a nice waiter. A good addition to center city for sure.Came here for restaurant week. The decor and ambiance of this place is gorgeous. I also thoroughly enjoyed the food (although I was not a huge fan of the dessert-the sweet rice that my friend had was better than the coconut jello though). The massaman kai had great flavors and spices. And, plenty of leftovers since it was a quarter chicken. The chicken itself was very tender. I would definitely come back. It was relaxing and delicious!Great meal. Fun host, she might of been the owner. Very friendly.  A must stop if you are in Philadelphia.I have to tell you, I'm thrilled to see good Thai downtown! The food and service were both exceptional. The owner/chef came around at one point to check in with our meals. Super friendly, gave us additional courses to sample that we weren't charged for which were delicious! 
My only complaint is that I wanted it super spicy and I don't think they thought I could handle it. When I said Thai spice I mean it! :) 
Visit this new great addition to the gayborhood! And bring your empty stomachs-- everything is good!Great location. Delicious food!! Amazing vegan menu!! Friendly, knowledgeable service!  Will definitely be back when in the area.Lamb Massaman curry was fantastic! Lamb was very tender and comforting for a rainy day like today! Tom Kha Kai soup was wonderfully spiced and well balanced. Warm, authentic, and intimate Thai restaurant. Friendly staff, and great date night spot! Can't wait to explore more of the menu!This is the closest thing to being in Thailand when in Philadelphia . Truly authentic - I have been to Thailand many times to visit family. Above average vegetarian options. The chef was kind enough to stop by to see how we were doing. The server was also responsive and thoughtful. A+ for the atmosphere. But what stands out is the food!!Romantic decor, waiter was great and so polite. Drinks are overpriced. Menu was made complicated compared to other thai places. Food is just ok, not memorable, and somehow lacked the exciting thai flavors. For example, the red curry had too much coconut milk and thin in consistency. The pad see ew tasted mostly of soy sauce with a burnt flavor? That being said, food presentation although was great.I definitely recommend this restaurant! it has a beautiful interior and the food was delicious. I have traveled extensively to Thailand and the food here is truly authentic. I had chicken satay with both spring and autumn rolls. I really recommend the Tom Yum as well. I definitely will be returning here with friends.The food very tasty and the service was very nice feeling like I am get spoilt by this restaurant  the owner very nice lady.Stumbled upon this gem while walking around in Philadelphia during a last minute spur-of-the-moment weekend trip. Amazing service, incredible food. Ordered 5-6 menu items and everything was great. Expansive delicious vegan options. 
Medium spiciness is definitely at the upper end of medium (more like a hot to very hot). 
Probably won't ever be back since I don't live in Philly but easily could recommend to anyone wanting great Thai food.Very diverse restaurant week menu. Loved the chicken pad Thai and autumn rolls. Was not crazy about the sweet rice dessert. Service could have been a little better, overall solid Thai meal.Order from their vegan menu.  Try one of the soups.  The pad Thai was delicious too.  We also had the mushroom salad which was good.Good Thai can be found in Philly! Asian Chic, spacious, nice bar, good service. Delicious panang curry and they allowed substitute for shrimp instead of beef. The star of the meal was the green papaya salad. Authentic, spicy, thinly julienned papaya... I'll be thinking about that tomorrow. Autumn spring rolls were good, could use more spices. Tofu satay delicious. Overall, great meal. Will definitely come back.One of the better Thai spots on this side of town. Great service. Good drinks. The soups are amazing. Been coming here for about a year and never a bad experience. Spring rolls. Tom Yum or Tom Kha. Kang Dang. Cant go wrong. Love it.First of all, I'm a vegetarian recently gone vegan and I am struggling. I feel like I am always hungry and don't know what to order. This place had an entire separate vegan menu which made ordering so easy. This was the best Tom Kha soup I ever had, and the Massaman Roti was out of this world delicious. I didn't get any cocktails, but they looked yummy. After sharing two apps and the soup I was full enough that I had to bring my entree home. I will definitely eat here again and likely often order delivery as well! Just easily one of the best most comforting meals I have had in a while with kind and attentive service (we sat at the bar.)The food is good here, nice and fresh. They have a vegan menu!! The prices are what they are. 
I think what stood out the most is the excellent customer service. We ordered one thing, and got another. Though some odd excuse was made at first, they quickly apologized, resolved the issue, and the manager made sure all was good. Not a big deal issue but wonderful customer service which seems to be a fading art these days.This place has some good bones, but the experience we had fell short of four-star because the place was understaffed front of the house on a Friday visit during Center City restaurant week. That said, the server that waited on us did the best she could and even though there were some longer wait times between table visits, she was fantastic and we tipped accordingly. The food was tasty and piping hot. We of course did the restaurant week menu with four courses for $35. At one point a food runner dropped off a second set of appetizers for the middle course - things we did not order, but in addition to what we already ordered. Another sign of how overwhelmed they were, and although we got some bonus food this was not necessarily a plus. The cocktails we ordered upon being seated did not arrive until after we finished course two of three - unacceptably late and when they also had some potential but somebody just went to town on the simple syrup and they were almost too sweet to drink... or maybe Thai inspired American style cocktails just are? Bleh. The sweet sticky rice was uninspiring and we just tasted it and left it there. Restaurant week is never a day to really judge a place based on service or food really... I want to come back here to give the place a try on a normal night on their own terms and I'm sure it will be a better experience. Really solid entrees though, I want to give credit where credit is due.Loved it! Asked for a special order combination and they accommodated me - seafood with lots of vegetables. The owner was also very attentive to our needs, making sure our service was top notch. Highly recommended.In continuing my Thai obsession phase, I stopped in for lunch today. I'm so glad I did: the vegan Chatayee Kang Kewan was exactly what I looking for! The vegetables and tofu were fresh and perfectly cooked, the green curry was complex, flavorful, and Thai spicy as ordered. Portion was plentiful for the price.
Looking forward to trying the rest of their menu.The food is incredible here as I had the satay and shrimp pad Thai. It was really quiet for a Monday night (only 2 other table) so I anticipated the service to be on point and quick. It wasn't at all! Waited a while for my food to arrive and then longer to have them clear things and give me my check. Great food, so if they could get service to match, this place would do well.I've had Thai. I've had Fusion
 I never had authentic Thai...till now. With a group of friends (2 who are pescatarian),we hit up happy hour at this former Italian restaurant and had a fantastic time.  What's more, the food was exceptional. Thai chef who is the namesake also goes by Venus, hails from Bancock and dishes up the most scrumptious food. Friends loved the mussels and are taking the broth home. We loved each and every item on the happy hour menu! If you dont go, you will miss Sana, a most personable bar keep,  and fantastic food.If you love authentic Thai food this is the place for you! Pad Thai and short ribs are excellent. The decor takes me back to Thailand.Everything I tried here was delicious. My new favorite Thai place in philly. I'll certainly be back!Beautiful restaurant and excellent staff. They have a separate Vegan menu, Full of regional dishes you normally wouldn't see on a regular Thai menu. The tom kha is excellent as well as the Roti massaman.Amazing food, stopped here a few times this past week for pad see ew it was the best I've had so farGreat experience here awhile back. They have an expansive menu that accommodated everyone's dietary needs.Great food! Fast pickup! 
My mom was at Jefferson and so hungry and we got so much food. Can't wait to come back and eat indoors!
I got shrimp fried rice, chicken and pork on a stick, roti and egg rolls.