Great place, really friendly owner and staff. Hoagies were delicious and drinks were strong. Nice little surprise for out of towners!Bill is the man.  You used to be able to pee on the floor.  Cheap beers, pickles.  Going back hundreds of times for roasted beefs.Classic local neighborhood tavern, perfect spot to grab a drink before an event at the Franklin Institute. Solid beer list, friendly bartenders, somewhat limited food options but everything smelled good and prices seemed super reasonable. No arguments from me, thanks for the brew and hopefully I will be back and get to have another soon. Good spot!This is my first time on yelp and my first review. I just could not resist! 
Cherry street tavern has THEE best roast beef sandwiches. Along with the friendliest bartenders. Just a typical corner bar with what seemed to be a lot of locals. Decent beers on tap. Serves food for the later crowd that straggles in. And clean bathrooms. That's an "A" in my book! I will be returning next time I venture down into the cityAnyone who gives this bar less than 5 stars is out of their mind! Bill is super friendly and has a deli slicer right at the side bar out in the open where he slices his roast beef and provolone. Nothing to hide here! Serving food til midnight everyday and sometimes later. Good drinks good vibes! Everything I could ask for from a local bar!Yummy good beef dip sandwiches!  Pretty good prices, a nice place to grab a sandwich and a beer while you"re downtown.i am finally writing my review on c.s.t......my son and i came here in late october and had a ball....really cool place....the female bartender was great, had a great conversation.....the bar is your  typical older laid back neighborhood tap house....had a roast beef sandwich which was very good....the place is clean.Best roast beef sandwich and fantastic beer selection. What a great place to celebrate St. Patrick's Day!Wanting to relax for a bit after hours at the Franklin Institute we checked Yelp and found Cherry Street. Chill is what I felt when we walked in around lunchtime. Chill as in a nice vibe, no frills, relaxed kind of place.  We took a table in front of the bar and marvelled at the old dark wood bar. What struck me was how clean it was. None of that stale beer smell you get in other taverns. The menu is very limited but I think that's on purpose because they are making the food within eyesight and even the cook checks on you to see if you are fine, need anything etc. 
We both ordered the " Famous" Hot Roast beef. It was as good as any we've had and we enjoyed it. There was a domestic beer special on bottles for $3. Nice!  Service was very attentive. The cook may have been the owner because after we were done he returned to ask us how it was.  We enjoyed our meal in a pleasant environment.I'm a huge fan of this corner bar.  They have affordable drinks, great and simple sandwiches, and there is a picture of my great grandfather on the wall!  Doesn't get much better than that.Cozy neighborhood tavern in a big city! I enjoy the ambiance. 
It is in a nice location ~ off to the side of Logan Square. An easy walk from museums such as the Academy of Natural Sciences, The Franklin Institute and the Barnes.This is a fantastic neighborhood bar.   Friendly and fun atmosphere. Their food is just delicious and I would recommend the roast beef sandwiches.
There is plenty of room here in the back room for groups.  Maybe a future yelp happy hour location!I love Cherry Street!!!
I am always greeted with smiles from the staff. The selection of drinks, food and music are always great.  Cherry Street is like an old friend...the neighborhood bar where you feel comfortable yet hip and fun.
Cherry Street is very clean;  the food is excellent; the drinks are always cold and the owners treat you like family.
They have the best hot pork sandwiches in Philly, and the homemade chili is to die for. You're missing out if you don't check this place out!Bangin!
The best roast beef any place
Period
Go there now and nap arrives 30 minutes laterI went here for a Friday happy hour yesterday and thought it was pretty chill but was off my demographic.  Not the type of place you'll find 20-somethings, more like 40 and 50-somethings.  The happy hour from 5-7 is pretty good...$3 Yeung Ling drafts and $2.50 Yeung Ling light bottles.  I ended up having a flying fish, guinness, and a lakes (something like that) porter.  The home run of this place is the "beef and cheese" and not the type you lay on your bff's chest.  The roast beef is piled high with a melty piece of provolone cheese.  Served with a homemade pickle and a jar of horseradish that packs a punch.  I ended up causing a choking scene because I got too confident with the horsey.  I thought I'd only want half a sandwich...but then I ordered another one.Waited to be served for twenty minutes on a barely busy night while three staff walked back and forth ten times and didn't even acknowledge or respond. Not even in a rude way - more just ignorant that anyone was waiting. Decent beer selection for a dive bar though.Great place, super friendly people who care about your experience. Intentionally limited menu but great. We both had the hot roast beef, me with sharp provolone. Great, reasonably priced, quick service. We also had a nice stout off draft.
30 or so brews available via tap or bottle. Decent collection for a corner dive bar. We'll be back.This place will surprise you! It looks like a dump on the outside but when you walk in it's pretty descent. I can tell they have regulars and some newbies. The crowd is a mix from early 20s to 70's. Everyone is friendly and you can't beat the prices on drinks. Even the bathroom was descent with toilet paper. I'm not trying to be funny, but some dives you usually are afraid to rub your eyes or drink from a glass. I'm not saying I would eat off the floor but I am saying I will go back.This is not a dive bar.   Cherry street Tavern is a great neighborhood spot that serves an incredible hot roast beef sandwich with a wide variety of beers on tap.  Walk passed every chain in philly and hit this local spot.   You will not regret it.Great bar, good selection of local brews and the sandwiches are solid, packed full of meat and the ideal partner to a cold brew.
The back bar is definitely lacking in atmosphere, I would suggest always being in the front bar even if it means you have to stand.  The jukebox is the standard fare and you can generally find anything you want.
It tends to get fairly busy with the after work crowd on a Friday evening but seems to calm down after about 8.  One of my favourite spots to while the evening away with a beer, watching the baseball.
Staff are generally friendly and helpful.  The urinals have even been upgraded with a flush in the last year, classy.Roast Pork with sharp provolone was phenomenal. Reasonably priced and a great staff. Definitely would like to return and go down the menu.Yet another fantastic round of drinks and amazing food and even better service.   The sandwiches are as good as advertised... brings you back to days gone by.  As far as atmosphere, all are welcome -- good mixture of people from the area -- we really enjoy it and are lucky it's within walking distance.  Keep up the great work!This place is a blast to hang out at, and after a recent visit, I can say that their roast beef sandwiches are absolutely slammin. I have been here a few times with different friends that live in the area, and it is always a good time. The vibe is definitely a little divey and it doesnt look like the nicest place from the outside, but if you take the chance to go inside, you definitely wont regret it.
The most recent time I was here, I met a few friends with my fiance and we grabbed a few brews and a sandwich before heading to hang out at a friends house. The beer seelction is pretty good for a smaller place and the service was friendly and prompt without being overbearing. My friend recommended the hot roast sandwich to eat, saying he had been walking over since he moved in and eating one just about every day. I took his word for it and I am glad that I did. The sandwich was absolutely outstanding. The roast beef was thinly sliced, and clearly cooked for quite some time. It had plenty of juice to it, the type of juice that runs down your hands and arms and leaves you smiling and happy. Adding a bunch of horseradish and hot peppers made this sandwich pure bliss for me. 
Cherry Street Tavern is seriously a great bar. Its especially good to watch Philly sports games in, but its good to just hang out and chill in too. If you need something to eat, dont be afraid...Try it!Love Cherry Street.  It's truly a neighborhood spot, but it has a very loyal following of west market street business folks.  My father tells me every time I'm in there with him that Rollie Massimino brought the entire Villanova Squad in there for hot roast beef sanwhiches after a game at the Wachoiva Center one weekend back in the 90's.    It's got that cozy corner bar feeling without being kind of dirty like some can be, and the hot roast beef and roast pork sandwiches are amazing.  They also have a pretty huge television in the backroom for your sports watching purposes.  Nothing fancy, no frills, just a solid spot and I'm glad to call it my corner bar.Loved this place! Traveled and discovered this awesome eatery/Bar through family (mother raised in North Philadelphia est. 1916)   Amazing Bar (yup 1st) and delicious food along with awesome customer service!!   Make sure you have them explain the history behind the porcelain below your bar stool...simply historic information...from me (Northern Cali) to this gr8 historical location, keep up the outstanding work & service.   5stars !Love the Cherry St Tavern. Great corner bar. I love the vintage feel here . The sandwiches and soups are really good. The roast beef is amazing. They usually have a pretty solid selection of drafts here and the bar tender is not only really nice all the time but she's super  gorgeous too which is a nice touch lol. I've been going here for a few years now and its been the same staff the entire time which speaks for itself. This place is like a cool little cubby for me to get saucy at whilst in center city.  -__-Echoing many of the prior reviews, Cherry St is definitely a local bar that seems to attract both older, blue collar, heartier folk exchanging war stories, as well as young hipsterish kids analyzing the biblical history LOST is based on.  Nonetheless, a "cheers" like atmosphere greets you where when you ask for a mixed drink a waitress as handsome as Carla will ask you if you want a double.
Decent beer selection with the standard big guys and handful of the usual suspect micros, served cold and at a decent price.
Had the hot pork sandwich, the waitress said they're known for it.  It was very good, esp the bread that was dipped in au jus.  Friend had the nachos, they were chips with shredded cheese on top...you're not coming here for the food unless its the roast beef or hot pork.  Problem was the food took FOREVER.  But...this really isn't the place to come for a quick dinner, a quick beer? Sure, but you'll probably end up staying longer than you thought.My favorite new bar! I love the jukebox and the atmosphere is fun and inviting. If you like to dance and have fun and listen to all kinds of music this is the bar for you!i love small bars in tucked neighborhoods.  Dropped in with the lady on our way back to the car after a night of sushi at a local establishment (umani umani - i think). Crowed seemed regular - staff was legit and the drinks were solid. Nothing else to say other than - stop on in for a drink and experience the local love!I've been coming here for awhile. I belong to a group that has meetings here. This is a perfect dive bar- unassuming, unpretentious, a little rough around the edges but clean, good beer, bar food, no french fries though. They always have a nice selection on tap and more in bottles. Nothing too fancy, but Dogfishhead and Troegs are regualrly on tap. 
The food is really good. Again, bar food with no french fries, so nothing fancy here either, but delicious. I've had their hot roast beef and tuna fish sandwiches, and last night had a hot roast pork with sharp provolone. The pork was so juicy and tender. 
If you grew up aorund Philly, going to the corner bar for hot roast beefs with your parents when you were little, stop in for a bite. It's as good as the little neighborhood places I remember growing up.This is a great neighborhood, family-run, locals-driven, Phillies-game-watching, simple bar for a nice evening with a small group. Cheap drinks and wine filled to the brim. Great happy hour specials and a warm and welcoming feel, no matter what.  Can't go wrong.I have always loved going to cherry street, the food has never disappointed. It is a great local hangout. I was wondering if they would ever consider holding a beef and beer fundraising event? I am part of a team raising money for a local charity and was interested in possibly holding an event at Cherry Street?I've had a few roast beef sandwiches in my day. This is one of the best I have ever had. Friggin delicious.Been coming here for years and it is the perfect neighborhood spot to have a few beers and the most unbelievable Hot Roast Beef Sandwich (others claim that the pork is great too, but I've never strayed from the HRB).  MOST of the bartenders are fantastic (Gina especially rocks) and I've never had a rotten time here.  If you are looking for a gourmet cheese plate (I'm referring to a previous review) go elsewhere! Great to watch a game, grab a beer after work, last drink of the night on your way home, you name it.There's one special thing about this bar: You can stumble out and walk along the river.  Other than that....nada.
It has a slightly thoughtful beer list, a few beers like Dogfish Head, Stouds, and PBC sit inbetween Miller, Coors, Harp, Guiness, ect.  The prices are good, as is the service.  It doesn't look like a place I'd like to grab a meal.
There's not much going on in terms of atmosphere.  It looks dumpy from the outside, and stepping inside is no different.  It does have a nice, large wooden bar.  Other than that, there are a few tables, and a large back room.  
Bottom Line: This place is fine for where it is.  I'm not in this area often, and the bar has no pull at all.  I'll be surprised if I am here again.Fantastic fully loaded sandwiches.  White and blue collar welcomed and a great spot to go to "submarine" level during the work week.Great locals bar with great cold beer and awesome bartenders! We were in town for the weekend and came to Cherry Street Tavern twice! Amy, the bartender, remembered us from the day before and even remembered our order. So glad to have stumbled upon this quaint little neighborhood gem. A must go to for a casual stop!! Plus, the have Shiner Bock- the sign of a great bar.Where else can you enjoy a delicious hand-carved roast beef and sip on a top-notch craft beer while standing over an old, tiled (and disconnected) piss gutter!This place is a gem in the era of Johnny- come- lately hipster hangouts.  No pretense, has the feel of a family run (Cliche-Alert) ol' school neighbor bar.  Real neat vintage original decor, tile and woodwork  which is getting increasing difficult to see anymore. Good selection of draft beers and can absolutely nail a classic cocktail.  They do have TV's but certainly not a sports bar.  Great roast beef and pork hot sandwiches . On the downside... crowded area to park.
Cold draft beer, fresh hot sandwich, good company in a relaxed environment......some things never get old.The roast beef sandwich is insane.  Get it with cheese, long hots, and horseradish.  Anyone who knows me will tell you that I do not mess around like AT ALL and I am telling you straight up that this sandwich is insane.Super casual, limited menu pub. Great beer selection, and everything we had was delicious - especially the roast beef sandwich. We brought our kids and they welcomed us. Super friendly service - we had 4 different people help us, and all were very nice. Great find!I always seek out the neighborhood bars when I go to other cities..stepped in here a year ago..been coming back ever since when I'm Philadelphia... Post prohibition bar..and the roast beef on roll..sliced from an antique slicer in front of you..will knock.your socks off...jus go..I popped in here after an event on the parkway. This place as a comfortable, around-the-way feel, and a beautiful long, mirrored bar. For a neighborhood joint, they have a decent selection of local beers, and I love the long, public-style table in the front room. 
The back is typical grungy sports bar, and the wood paneling is definitely "grandparent's basement," but the beer is cold and the folks are friendly.Good stuff here! It's pretty Dive-ey in terms of old school local spot with good food for a great price. Ordered food and it was ready in just  few minutes and it was super tasty. I'm staying at a hotel a few blocks away; the walk was pretty decent, well lit and even ran into some cool people along the way.Possibly the best local bar ever? Cherry Street Tavern is such a good local watering hole and it has been there for forever. The kick wall at the bar used to be a urinal. It's super cheap, the staff treats you like family and they have a great rotating draft beer menu. 
I love the roast beef sandwich there (don't forget the horseradish).Great place to grab a cold beer! They have my favorite brewery, Great Lakes so I see no reason for anything less than 5 stars.Went here this past weekend for our friend's birthday.  Our friend's sister told them it was his birthday, and they were really sweet and brought out a piece of cheese with a candle in it.  I did notice that it was mostly an older crowd here, but everyone seemed friendly and polite.  I really liked how there is so much history here and how neat it is.  The beer selection was very good too!  The entrance is confusing though-it is not the door in the corner on the front that you might think it would be, but instead on the side.  I hope to go back again soon.This is my favorite bar in Philly.  The chilli is amazing.  Tuna on rye is great.  Workers are all friendly.  Great barI've never received such poor service in my life. I've worked in the industry and was absolutely appalled by the way the "bartender" spoke to my boyfriend and I. After sitting at the bar for 5 mins waiting for someone to notice our presence, the young female bartender arrived from another room and began stocking the bar. No big, someone needs to do it. After she completed that task, she started chatting with a friend at the end of the bar. We're going on 10 mins. here now people. I got up and asked her if we could please have 2 beers, to which she responded "WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN WAITING LONG OR SOMETHING??!?! DID I SEE YOU????" See, that's not really my issue to figure out. I shouldn't have been waiting at all. The way the interaction works is you ask what I want, I tell you, then I pay you for it; a simple exchange. Instead, it turned into me getting scolded and this awesome conveyor of customer service returning to talk to her friend, within ear shot, about me, my boyfriend and our simple request that she fulfill her duties as the tender of bar. This interaction turned a neighborhood bar that we once loved into a place we never returned again. 
2 stars for the other staff, the historical aspect and the roast beef sandwiches, just do yourself a favor and don't even step over the threshold when the younger bartender is working.Hidden gem of a dive bar. We were looking for a place to hole up for a light lunch and a couple of beers while figuring out what to do for the rest of the day.
After walking in you immediately either love the divey vibe or you walk back out. The only thing on tap is beer-all their sodas are canned, but they have pretty much every lower shelf liquor know to man available-and some great beers on tap.
I personally got the Guniess and a local porter to drink. My companion tried the suite of IPAs-3 total on tap.
As per the suggestion of the bar tender we ordered a small nacho and a hot beef sandwich to split, and that was plenty of food.
The nachos had like...4 different types of chips which made us giggle, but it was layered well with plenty of cheese and chili.
The hot beef on Kaiser with Swiss cheese was simply delicious. Seriously.
Hit up this place if you want some good eats and beer!This bar has plenty of space, cheaper booze than many other Philadelphia bars, and is as unpretentious as you can get.  The music is kept at an adequate volume and the crowd is very diverse.
This isn't the place to hear extremely loud music, wait too long for your beer, and spend 40 dollars to walk out sober.  This is a place where you can get drunk with your friends in a comfortable environment.  The only place where I'll knock points down here is the food.  I've sampled almost everything on the menu and nothing stands out.Best hidden gem in the city.  Great roast beef sandwich.  The best actually.
www.saintluciferspice.com
"For the Glory of Hot"
Philadelphia's number one table condiment.Fun local place on the west side of Center City, good drinks, great bartenders.  The best thing is the Roast Pork sandwich, second best in the city in my opinion (only to Dinic's at RTM).  The meat is tender and juicy, nice cheese added, and with the side of Long Hot Peppers they provide and the fresh roll, it comes close to perfection.  If you're looking for Roast Pork west of City Hall and in the Art Museum area, Cherry Street is the place to get it.A relaxed neighborhood spot was what we found when we stopped in one night for a drink or two. We sat at the big old dark wood bar and drank a couple of pitchers with our tasty roast beef sandwiches. The experience was completely friendly, old schooly feeling, and homey. It's the kind of atmosphere that  I'd likely envision when a joint has "Tavern," in the name. Cherry St. Tavern is quite taverny. It's true. 
We had to hightail it outta there, though, when some patron loaded the jukebox with the entire catalog of the songs of Bob Seger. 
I just like to act like that was my angry last-straw outburst, "Seger? Now you've gone too far. Rrrarrrrarrgg rampage!"
Truth is we had to take off as we had places to go and people to see, and this was just a lil snack and some drinks pit stop. Had we not made plans, I coulda hung out there all night and snarked it up about Bob Seger songs while curiously knowing way too many of their lyrics.
 I'd explain that classic rock station that used to play constantly in the Baskin Robbins I worked at as a kid was ridiculously Seger heavy. Maddeningly so. And now the sound of Seger trigger... such... rage.... oddly coupled with the sporadic belting out of gravelly-voiced singing impressions. 
Anyway, enough about my psychosis. This is supposed to be all about a comfortable neighborhood tavern that's a perfect stop for pitchers and good roast beef sandwiches.Great local bar.  Gina the bartender is super fast and keeps the beer coming until you tell her to stop. Next time I am in Philly I will be stopping here.I am sad because I don't live around the corner any longer but definitly drop in when I am near it.  Great jukebox, good sandwiches and cold beer means good times for me.The first Wednesday of every month, there's music in the back room and it's some of the best music happening in Philly. Do yourself a favor and check it out! Good beer selection and their sandwiches are great. I had a roast beef sandwich with provolone last time. 4 stars because the bartenders are always really slow, busy or not busy. It's like they don't see you. Maybe it's because we're young and they have a lot of older business people there.This place is pretty great and hilarious. It's a total dive bar. Came here once for happy hour. They have a decent number of beers on tap and the place is pretty quiet with really nice bartenders. Also came in here on a Saturday night at about 11:00 pm, so prime drinking time, and the place was totally empty, which having already been well into my night I found pretty funny. We sat down, had a quiet couple of beers and took off, but I'll be back soon enough.Good beef sandwich although it might benefit from some hot peppers or jus. Good beer list. Friendly service.Cheers, pure and simple the best way to describe it to people.
Lived a block away for a year and half and got to know the staff and clientele quite well, extremely friend and fun.
Watched many an Eagles game here and made some friends.  Would certainly recommend it!
Definitely get a cheese plate and a roast beef sandwich with sharp provolone!They have beer on tap
There's no definitive draw
Kind of eh, whatev
I'd definitely classify this as a super laid back neighborhood bar where the locals may stare for a moment if you're an unfamiliar face strolling through the door. I wouldn't classify it as the type of neighborhood bar I enjoy, however.
I work nearby a few days a week so I go here all the time for a quick bite before evening meetings or a beer or two afterward. The biggest draw for the place is the proximity, not the ambiance or quality.
Let's start with the good. They have a decent beer selection which usually includes some local brews and always a porter or two aside from Guinness. They have a lot of space for seating, and the back room has a decently sizeable TV for watching games. There seems to be a good amount of Hockey fans here, so it's likely a great Flyers place as well.
The thing about the place is that I can't think of any real reason to go back, or to recommend it to anyone else. The food sometimes comes out hot, sometimes lukewarm. The beer is always cold but overall the drinks are a little on the steep side for what the place is. It's a little too loud and the tables could definitely stand a wipe down from a clean rag. The people aren't overly friendly, but they're not terribly rude either (most of the time.)
Really, I have nothing much to say about Cherry St. other than "eh, I've been there. I'll be there again. It is what it is."If you are just looking for a chill place its alright. Bar is generally filled with an older local crowed. Def nothing special to go out of your way for.This is a great neighborhood bar. The staff is friendly and so are the regulars. I've met some cool people here and continue to stop in when I have time.The beef sandwich with provolone that I tried was alright, but nothing exceptional.  The patrons are, ermm, reserved.  I wouldn't be in a huge rush to hurry back here.
It's a pity, really, because the owner and staff seemed rather nice.Great little pub within walking distance from the Franklin Institute. Known for their hot roast beef sandwiches and after having one I know why. Menu is simple but they have a nice selection of beer.For this review, I'm posting about the food. I don't drink so I know it kind of defeats the purpose of going to a tavern, but I wasn't the one that picked the place. :)
I'm a fan of dives, and while I'm sure this wasn't a dive at one point, it kind of is now, and could probably use a renovation, but the food certainly does NOT.
My dad and I arrived in Philly for a family reunion, and after meeting my brother at the 30th street station, we headed out for lunch. My dad picked the place. 
We arrived at Cherry Street Tavern (this after a near miss of getting my car door ripped off by a passing vehicle (btw, if you have to park on the street, be VERY careful getting out street side, it's not a wide street!).  True, the tavern is not modern. The wooden bar has probably been there since the day it opened, the floor hasn't been redone in a long time, and there was a giant chunk of foam taken out of my seat, but all things considered it was still decent.  I don't see more than 50 people fitting into this place comfortably though!
We were the only ones in there at the time, but to be fair, it WAS 2 p.m. and a weekend, so I'm sure the crowds come later in the evening.
I ordered a diet coke and turkey hoagie. Brother had the corned beef sandwich on wheat and dad had the liverwurst and onion sandwich on wheat, and both had beer.
I don't know about their food, (they said the enjoyed it), but my hoagie was to DIE for.  The turkey was freshly cut from the package, (we actually watched the bartender slice it!) there was fresh cracked pepper in the sandwich, and the cheese, lettuce, and tomato, and mayo were super yummy.  If I didn't know better, I would have thought they baked their own hoagie bread!  I want another one right now!
As you can see, I enjoyed myself.  Since I have family to see up here on a more regular basis, I'll probably find myself back here in no time for another hoagie!Awesome staple corner bar! Awesome prices and great dive spot. A good hh or late night drink spotThis review is just for a quick round of drinks...
This place has all the old fashioned charm that I love in a bar. The old tiled floor, dark wood walls and dimly lit bar...all while the smell of fresh roast beef sandwiches filled the air. This was the perfect spot of a late afternoon Sunday drink.The Special (turkey) with coleslaw and Russian dressing was fantastic. Service is warm and friendly. If you are looking for a little something off of the beaten path you should certainly check out this tavern for a little local flair.Loved the trough under the bar, it added to the ambience of the local union workers, their music selections and the awesome roast beef sandwiches. Gina IS an awesome waitress who adds to the positive vibe of this establishment.Best hot roast beef sammich in Philly. Great neighborhood tavern with friendly staff and patrons.How to begin... not bad, not great, not cheap, not expensive... the only reason why I've gone here is because it's a couple blocks away from where I live. 
The service is ok... seems like the place where the better they know you the nicer they are. The food seems to take forever but they're always asking if you need another drink, so in that case they're great! 
I'd recommend this if you're trying to hang out with some friends who can be annoying and have nothing to talk about it, the music is loud and the tv's are hard to avoid... it's perfect for draining out conversations.Love this place!! Like a hidden gem. Went here quite few times. Had the chili with cheese which was definitely homemade. It was great. Also a roast beef sandwich. It was probably let best roast beef sandwich I've had in the city. Coll atmosphere too. The restaurant/bar has an old school vibe and the service was very good. Prices were very reasonable. The food came out very quick and I didn't feel rushed after to leave. I would highly suggest trying food here. They also have vast selection of beer. I will be a repeat customer. Nice job cherry st.my work xmas party was held here last nite. The staff was AWESOME and honestly they have one of the best hot roast beef sandwiches in town!Great, friendly service.  Good selection of craft beer.  One of the best roast beef sandwiches in Philly!This lovely taproom falls somewhere between a corner dive and a cool beer-bar. Its history definitely lies in the corner dive era, but in recent years it has evolved into a cool little spot with a nice selection of craft-brew taps. It seems to be a family-owned joint, with the fatherly figure slicing the roast beef and serving the sandwiches, and the daughterly figure pulling the drafts. Back in the day this was a shot-and-beer hot-roast-beefery, but since Logan Square has evolved into an upscale neighborhood, it now caters to local residents who desire a good roast beef sandwich and a tasty draft micro-brew. It's such an old historical taproom that its tile floor still sports a trough beneath the old wooden bar, which legend has it, the all-male patrons of the early 1900s used as a urinal. These days females are quite welcome, so the trough is now just an interesting conversation-piece. If you're from the neighborhood, or are visiting the many museums in the Logan Square area, stop by for a bit of liquid barley refreshment and a sliced-to-order hot-beef sandwich, and you'll be one happy customer.Good 10 or so rotating craft beers on tap. Mom and pop bar in town. The owner and wife are regularly behind the bar. Food is good too!! What more could you ask for at your neighborhood pub?Top notch. Old style bar/pub...great service...at home feeling...recession friendly pricing...no trends here folks, just tradition!To be honest I have personally been coming here in all stages and forms of life for years. Through ups and downs Cherry St has been my cheers. The staff here to me is family. There food is dope. And the rustic atmosphere is my shit. People have the opinions about this place in a negative light, and that's there vibe. As for me Cherry St is home!!!I lived right down the street when I was in college and it was convenient for my friends and I to drink at. Sometimes we saw our professors there. Sometimes we came after class while we had a few hours to kill before the photo lab we booked, and then lost track of time in our drunken state. Never ate anything from here other than nachos and they are good but nothing phenomenal. Overall a good neighborhood bar that holds some great memories.