Chick's was a nice quiet spot off South Street for drinks. They have a great list of cocktails, beer, and wine to choose from. Our bartender was attentive and helpful. I enjoyed my wine (a pinot noir), and the others in our party had a few beers (Green Flash IPAs) and cocktails. It's not inexpensive though and they do not have any happy hour specials. I don't know if this would be regular destination for me since it's a bit cost prohibitive to spend a lot of time here.We had intended on going to a different place for tapas but it was booked and boy am I glad because otherwise we wouldn't have been able to eat at this wonderful, cozy place. 
We got a couple small plates that were superb as well as a selection of three cheese paired with different jams. Our server was psychic and always knew when to tend to our plates, offer the next course, or bring more bread. 
For dessert we had the dark chocolate creme brulee with carmelized bananas and the French Market beignets that come with Nutella and honey butter sauces for dipping. FANTASTIC. 
I wish I could bring this place back to my home town!I finally went here for real, and I really enjoyed it.  I had actually bought some gift certificates for people for Chick's before I ever went in.  And then someone bought me one!  We had a very nice time, and the prices weren't as insane as I imagined they'd be.  Sure, it's not in my everyday budget, but I could see myself going in every once in a while for a worthwhile glass of wine and some killer cheese.  
Really, the wine was great, and we chose them based on the brief descriptions in the menu.  The wine/beer section of the menu is really well written and easy for the non-Wine-o to interpret.  The food was all great, too.  We chose three cheese and they all complimented the wine (or vice versa?) in different ways.  We had some other snacks and it was the perfect amount of food.  
The atmosphere is very relaxed.  There were a LOT of regulars, which I was surprised about, but also pleased.  It's nice to see neighborhood places really being embraced by the neighborhood.  And being that I'm a neighbor, I'll be back for sure.Chick's is like Southwark's  little brother, and not in a bad way.I absolutely love this place. The decor, staff, and most importantly, the food are incredible. I recommend going for restaurant week. It's $5 cheaper than the standard restaurant week ($30 vs $35) and the wine menu is great.This is the perfect neighborhood bar - its close to home, off the beaten path, and cozy! They have superb drinks and a great staff that always welcomes you and makes you feel at home. The fact almost everything is original to the original bar is also pretty cool. I've never eaten here...but I may have to soon because the food always looks yummy.I rarely write a 5 star review.  When I go out to dine, I'm looking for a place to live up to its reputation and earn a 4 star review.  Such a review means that I left quite satisfied.  In order to earn a 5 star review, I feel that a restaurant has to far exceed the expectations that I had in mind.  I'm happy to say that that is what happened at Chick's on a Saturday night.
Our trio arrived at 8 p.m. and we were immediately seated in what I found to be a surprisingly tiny dining area.  I soon came to realize that great things do come in small packages.  One waitress and one bartender worked the entire floor of about 6 tables and a full bar.  The service was excellent from start to finish.  At no point did we have to wait for drinks and the pace of the meal was just right.
As fine as the service was, the food was even better.  We started with two appetizers.  The ladies shared the Cape May scallops with a tasty blood orange and grapefruit salsa.  I went with the brussel sprout flatbread that was absolutely incredible and drizzled with a zesty fontina and mustard seed sauce.  If you go, get it!
Our entrees were every bit as good as the appetizers.  Ravioli plate and the stuffed chicken for my companions but I must say that it was I who chose the wisest.  I've become a slave to any lamb dish on a menu and at Chick's I must highly recommend their New Zealand Lamb Shank.  Perfectly prepared, splendidly tender and served with an incredibly tasty gremolata.  This was an absolutely delicious entree.
I expected good at Chick's and I got great.  I can't say enough about this little gem and I can't wait to get back to this place.If there was a menu and the title of it was "These Are a Few of My Favorite Things...." it would be the menu at Chick's. Chick's has the kind of food I eat in my own home, but they do it so much better. It is not an extensive menu, but it is awesome. Last night, I had the grilled vegetable antipasti (with cauliflower!), beet salad and my husband and I split the hummus. He had the fig and gorganzola flatbread and steak frites. Did I mention we can eat? We were both so happy. It was so cozy in there, although it did smell a bit like a sewage back up, but sometimes near South Street, it is the street drains. I love Chick's!fact one: i am a cheesemonger
 fact two: valdeon is a spanish blue cheese that is 90% cows milk and 10% goats milk, it has  a firm but chewy pate and faint citrus hints from the addition of goats milk, also it is wrapped in sycamore leaves to help it stay moist while aging. 
 fact three: it is delicious.
 thats the set up and heres the punch! at chicks, where ive had the pleasure of dining three times, they take valdeon, stuff it into a date and wrap it in bacon! i have had it every time i go and it is consistently awesome. they do have a very nice wine list but you may know i'm a beer drinker and they have a GREAT beer selection, drafts and bottles. the tapas section of the menu is delicious meats and cheeses mostly, due to my vocation i wish they changed the cheeses sometimes but it is a great selection. the pasta is fresh made and delicious and the cheeses always seem in stellar condition.
 outdoor seating is available and i learned last night that on sundays they do byob at the outdoor seating. the staff is great as several others have stated. 
despite its location so close to south street, there is no overflow from where all the hippies meet.When I first visited Chick's, I did not know what to expect. I knew it was a wine and tapas bar, but that's all I knew. Now, after visiting Chick's 3 times, it has set the standard for every wine/tapas bar that I will go to in the future.
The staff is amazing. The servers are hilarious and welcoming; the bartender is so sweet and knows how to make a mean mojito. Not to mention the food. Every item that I have had there was delicious but the one thing that will stick out in my mind for ever (and yes I do mean for forever) is the Chocolate Torte. 
When I say that this is the perfect chocolate creation, I am not exaggerating. I think about it all the time. The chocolate flavor is not overwhelming and the texture is not as airy as mousse but not as dense as cheesecake. Heaven on earth.
If you haven't visited Chick's... what are you waiting for?Friends and I were going to go to Southwark, which was closed for memorial day, and we ended up here.    I had never been here before.  
They've got a fairly good specialty cocktail menu, which I have on good word is expanding with some new(er) bartenders.    I didn't have a specialty cocktail however, I had two delicious Martinis that were nomz. 
Anyway, the food was really bland.  I was ticked off because they didn't have the mackerel that I wanted, so instead I had some grilled chicken, that was just really blah.  The spinach and potatoes with it were O.K. though.  
I'll go back for cocktails but probably not for dinner.For some reason, we were not feeling this wine bar. It was just 'ok'. To summarize, I think that Chick's is better experienced sitting at the actual bar and ordering some mixed drinks before or after you go somewhere else. We expected a larger wine selection for a wine bar.  We were disappointed in the  food menu (small menu  and not very innovative). It has been a long time since we had  'buyers remorse' but after the two of us dropped $140 + 30 tip, we had a empty feeling inside..... we kept on saying to ourselves 'we could of gone here & here instead'.   It's not like Chick's per-wine glass or food pricing are anymore expensive than some of the other wine bars we have been to...... we just like the overall selection/ambiance/experience of other wine bars such as Tria, Zavino and Vintage a whole lot better. 
What's nice about Chick's is that it is a nice reprieve from the other sometimes annoying/noisy establishments in the South Street area. Chick's seems to be a nice place to bring a date for a couple of drinks & actually be able to hear your significant other. The lighting is semi-dimly lit. The joint is cozy.
Our server did not have the most outgoing personality, he was quite the serious fella. However, he was very professional, attentive and on-point. Our water-glasses were constantly refreshed without having to ask. He gave us the right mix of attention and space. The 'Grilled Eggplant and Chick Pea Hummus' app was good. The 'Meyer'sFlat Iron Steak' and 'Murray's Chicken' was good but not 'out of this world'.  The bathrooms were clean. 
Look, I can see other Yelpers have really liked this place. So, I think you should still give this place a shot and try it for yourselves! I'm giving it a solid 3 stars. I would come back again and have a few drinks at the bar...... I just wouldn't go out of my way.A charming place.  I was looking forward to trying it out -- and I really, really wanted to love it.  The atmosphere is dark and inviting.  Tried a couple Spanish wines which were delicious.  The cocktail was ok, but I don't think I'll order it again.  I particularly liked the cheese/meat plate and the beet salad, but felt there could be improvements in the fig & gorgonzola flat bread and the scallops.  I love scallops, but these weren't the best.  I would have liked them more flavorful and served warmer.It's Friday night.  You pick your girlfriend up and come home on a cold, blustery evening.  You're both famished, tired and in need of food and alcohol (in no particular order)
Chick's did the trick.
This was not my first time at Chick's.  I've drank there a few times and always liked the bartender and feel of the place.  Last night however was my first time eating at Chick's.  I was pleased.
We went with a bunch of apps and the meat/cheese plate.  The tuscan fries had rosemary and garlic with them.  The dipping sauce was unnecessary.  The two bowls of potato leek soup were really creamy and flavorful.  Someone put some work into those.
Next came the 2 meats and 2 cheese.  We settled on one each from Spain and France.  Delice de bourgogne and Serena for the cheeses.  Jamon Serrano and Rosette de Lyon for the meats.  The portion of Serrano was surprisingly large.  Personally I would have liked thinner slices but that's my only real gripe.  The Delice was very creamy and served with a fig jam.  The Serena was semi firm and had possibly an apricot spread with it?  It was all really good.
We finished with the shrimp and chorizo.  They were served on skewer with the shrimp wrapped around a small piece of chorizo and perfectly grilled.
All in all, a very enjoyable, spur of the moment meal.  I love that I can just walk a few blocks to a place like Chick's for a tasty and satisfying meal.Absolutely my favorite bar in the city. Chick's has everything just the way I like it: small and intimate, quaint and quiet. The most skillful and imaginative bartenders in the city, who know your name and treat like you like a friend.
The plates are small but stellar. The food surpasses most regular restaraunts, much less bars.
And the music! Let me tell you; I appreciate any bar that plays it's house music loud enough to be heard but low enough to hear yourself. On top of that, it's the best and hippest playlist I've ever heard in a bar. It's like I'm listening to my very own iPod, if I had one.
Chick's is truly a crown jewel in the Philadelphia bar scene. You can't go wrong here IF your pockets are deep enough.Have passed by here many times on my way over to Horizon's and finally stopped in a few nights ago.We were just looking to pick, so their small plate menu seemed perfect..It's a lovely space.. warm & friendly feeling. 
Great wine & specialty cocktail list. The waitress was great.. We allowed her to pick the 4 cheeses for our cheese plate. She chose perfectly.. notably the Piave Vecchio w/ quince on the side was a fave. 
We also did the fig flats bread.. de- lish. Others at the table enjoyed the scallops ( i didn't partake)
Now that I've broken the seal... I'll definitely be backOverall - 4 stars & that's only because of the waiter, George and whoever is the pastry chef.   
Food was so-so; except for rosemary fries which were very well prepared and absolutely excellent desserts, especially brulee. 
Service was on-point, quick without being intrusive. George was quite knowledgeable about the wines and the menu items.  Small menu with fair choices that were a bit pricey.
Would go back for desserts and wine, on a night George worked.  Thank God there were no TVs blaring more Philllies or Eagles losses.My husband told me that if he could leave me for food, he would leave me for their ravioli. This place is AMAZING. At first glance you're not really sure what to expect, but the food is absolutely fantastic! 
Murray's Chicken - consistently moist and delicious! Portion size is just right, which then allows me to order dessert- and you do NOT want to leave without ordering dessert here! The beignets are amazing! They come with honey butter and nuttella dipping sauces and OMG every bite is better than the last. The Chocolate Truffle Tart with salted caramel - honestly- need I say more? So good! 
Everything has been absolutely delicious, excellent portion size, and pricing is quite fitting. Absolutely recommend if you're a foodie or if you're trying to impress a date. The place can have a romantic vibe.I have been eyeing this cute place since I moved to philly. Of course my friend and I finally decide to come when a tornado is hitting Philly.  It's a cute unpretentious corner joint with a well stocked bar.  My friend and I just survived the crazy downpour and got here to find no one in the bar. It felt like we were having a private party and had the whole place to ourselves. Our server was available/attentive.  The place is small, cute, and intimate. We shared the fig/gorgonzola flatbread, zucchini chips (fried and battered zucchini slices served with garlic aioli- soo yummy), and the cavatelli with duck confit/spinach/cranberries. Everything we got was delicious. They had wine, cocktails and beer (bottles and draft) on their drink menu.  This place is a gem and it's probably one of the best kept secrets in Philly.I love it here, even though there's no windows and they invented all the cocktails. It's old. Love the bartenders.I never say words like, "quaint," or "charming," out loud. If I did, I know I'd make a sarcastic face...but do I think these worlds sometimes, when I'm not being a monster... and I do think that Chick's is quaint and charming. 
Dimly lit, intimate, pretty bar, stained glass... It's the kind of place where you can have a conversation over a nice bottle of wine. We tend to order from their small plates. Good variety of Spanish, French, and Italian cheeses and charcuterie.
Chick's is cozy business.I enjoyed what I had.  I enjoyed the devil's cocktail but the cocktail list overall was leaning more towards winter cocktails with dark concoctions and lots of whiskey.  I enjoy whiskey, but it didn't match my mood on this fresh spring evening.  Food was good though not blow-me-away.  I had the softshell crab special.I'm a bit conflicted on how many stars to give Chick's....so a few pros and a non negligible con lands me right in the middle at 3. 
The pros: 1) Location - in my nieghborhood...perfect! 2) Atmosphere - upscale, a bit dark but in a cozy sense, overall very inviting. 3) Menu selection makes my mouth water just thinking about it! With their range of small plates, flatbreads, pastas, fish and meat, Chick's was the perfect choice for dinner with my meat-aterian husband and I and a very good veggie loving friend. 
The cons: 1) The size of my NOT small plate dinner! Good location, warm atmosphere and a delicious menu can only go so far if my appetite isn't satisfied! I ordered the scallops with butternut squash and cream sauce from the dinner menu and got 3 scallops and 1 cubic inch of squash for $18. For the love of a hungry G, at least throw some carbs on the plate or serve some bread with dinner to fill up my tummy. 
In any case, now that I know what to expect (more like $$$ if you want a full meal and drinks), I'll definitely go back and try a few more of their choices.Our foursome all loved our food and drinks at Chick's on a recent Sunday evening.  No wait for seating and excellent service with spot-on recommendations.  Appetizers foreshadowed the creativity of the chef: braised greens to die for and mozzarella tomato jam that I have to try to make at home.  So good.  The salmon with faro and beets was absolutely delicious as was the shrimp ravioli.  The flank steak was melt-in-your-mouth wonderful.  Even the chicken panini was praised for being moist and flavorful. For dessert, malted milk ball ice cream - wow!  And I don't even like most ice creams.
Wine and beer selections were very good.  We are all looking forward to returning. It'll be a dilemma, though, to decide whether to order the same delicious food or try something new.  From our experience there, I'm pretty sure whatever we order will be outstanding.Truly inspired craft cocktails. Above average small plate fare. Not your typical South St. bar.I went here after reading great things on Yelp and Menu pages.  Some people mentioned it as a place to go AFTER a meal at Horizon's or some other establishment, while other people simply mentioned this as the one for all spot.  I would advocate the former of these two options.  
My family and I went here for dinner because we had read that it was cozy and not too loud (my dad is hard of hearing).  I'm not going to lie, we were up for a fancy dinner and had decided to go here instead of our favorite, Parc, because of the noise factor alone.  Other places we were considering were Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Alma de Cuba (we decided AC was too expensive for that eve). 
When we walked in I was a little surprised.  I don't know why, but the tile floor is really off putting.  It reminds me of a bathroom floor and not in the cute little octagon pattern way that you now see at little restaurants in New York, but like in a suburban bathroom kind of way.  There is something about it that just doesn't mix with the words wine bar, it almost seems contradictory.   This is sad, because they have these interesting walls that are tiled and painted silver and, with the right floors, could have brought the restaurant to the next level in interior design.  
As mentioned earlier, the service was good.  We felt very well taken care of and never had to wonder what was going on as everything took place in an timely manner. 
We ordered cocktails first.  I was annoyed because many of the cocktails I'd seen listed on their site were no longer on the menu.  My mom and I ended up ordering what was likened to a perfect manhattan and my dad ordered a martini.  They were all watery and unexceptional. 
We got the shrimp and chorizo ($9), the beet salad ($12), and the fig and gorgonzola flat bread ($9).  The top amongst these was the beet salad, which, in my opinion, is hard to mess up.  It was served with goat cheese, spiced walnuts and a champagne vinaigrette.  The shrimp and chorizo was probably the most disappointing dish of the evening.  It was simply bland.  The fig and gorgonzola flatbread was a favorite at the table, but I have tasted such better flatbreads that to me it was so so.  The flat bread had a wafer like texture that I didn't really like, making it feel too light to be flat bread. 
Surprisingly, our entrees were a lot better than our appetizers.  This almost never happens, and it's funny because you'd expect the entrees to be better since you eat so much more of them.  I got the short ribs, which are not listed on the menu, and which are strange because they were picked off the bone when they were given to me.  They were still very tasty, and they were served with this amazing polenta/mash potatoes like substance that mixed so well and deliciously with the meat.  My mom had the Grilled Flatiron Steak and Fries ($18) which was pretty good.  It was served in a truffle jus which I think really brought out the flavors.  It was really buttery.  My dad had a salmon dish on pasta with tomatoes.  The pasta sauce had a very delicate basily taste which was really unique and subtle.  My mom and I kept scooping pasta bites off my dad's plate! 
We ordered a bottle of primotivo with our meal.  I also tried a sangiovese, but that tasted like it was deflated of it's flavor.  The primitivo was certainly not exceptional, but it did have some interesting flavors as we traveled through our glasses and it opened up a little more.  Overall, it didn't have any punch or complexity. Not like that cherry vanilla raspberry glass of 2007 Occhipinti Nero d'Avola wine I recently had at Heart Wine Bar in San Francisco (Le Sigh). 
In any case, the intention behind this place is good.  My note to you, though, is if you are out to get an stand up meal that you can only get once in awhile with your family you go somewhere like Parc, Friday Saturday Sunday, or Horizons.  This place is a bit too casual and will disappoint if you're looking for food that will blow you out of the water.Chick's Cafe brings out the tortured Sybil inside me.  
Sane Sybil says this joint is tops for well-made drinks. The cocktails, concocted by the inestimable Phoebe Esmon, wrap you up in tingly tangy boozy flavors like the hunk on the cover of a bodice-ripper.  They have names like "Things We Did On Grass" and "Strawberry Alarm Clock" that enchant and delight.  Phoebe makes her own range of bitters that Philadelphia Distilling will be offering this holiday season in a gift pack. Every Tuesday you can try the Market cocktail of the week, made with local goodies from local farmers. The style-bar cred here is indestructible.
Crazy Sybil bites back at the food, which seems promising until you start eating it.  The only thing that jumped out was the... blandness.  We had a burger that was tolerable and nothing else made enough of an impression to even remember.  If sustenance is required with all of those lovely drinks, stick to the meat-and-cheese selection. Epoisses, Gouda, smoky blue... it's not very inventive, and it never changes (unlike Sybil) but it is reliably tasty.
A dark, mellow atmosphere highly conducive to swilling, as well as Phoebe's alchemical admixtures, keep me coming back at odd hours in need of of liberation through libations.I went to chicks with my coworkers for happy hour a few weeks ago. We had a very good experience there and vowed to come back. Excellent tapas, really great wine selection. The staff were friendly, and I'm giving this a five star review because they went above and beyond to help me out when after several glasses of wine I left a bag of groceries there. They held it for me until the next day and even put the perishable stuff in the fridge, which was really nice of them. The interior is perhaps a little dark. I think they want to keep in in the style in which the building was constructed.If ever there was a bar that made me literally say "meh," then Chick's is it.  OK, let's get the fact that I'm not a wine freak out of the way and didn't sample any of their offerings in regards to that.  I have no comment on that part of the establishment.  I can say, however, that I was completely underwhelmed when it came to their "famous" cocktails.  Hey, I dig a strong drink as much as the next person, but the two I tried at the time (this was last year) just seemed either too strong or just simply wonky when it came to the mixing.  The flavors of the ingredients didn't really complement each other, and the drinks certainly weren't worth the near ten-dollar price tag of each.
Other than that, I tried a couple of the small plates. I did enjoy the dates wrapped in bacon, and the olive plate was pretty good, but nothing that you can't get anywhere else in the city. Again, the prices seemed a little naff, but perhaps it's one of those places where you're paying as much for the atmosphere as anything else. And that's where Chick's does score a few points. The dark, cozy lighting and period decor are charming yet not overbearing. Those are the things that stuck with me the most after visiting. Wine lovers may really enjoy this place, but it might not be the thing forcocktails that fixed me up proper.
fries fried with lumps of garlic.
a cute-as-kittens bar.
a bartender that served up the food, drinks and jokes.
and a small collective of neighborhood folk that didn't make me want to vom.
what do they all have in common?
this place.
I'm going back again really soon. 
maybe even tonight.I've been going to Chicks for a year and a half.  I loved it when I first started going, and then the wait staff started changing and now I'm torn.  I really love the food and the selection of wine;  however, the servers are pretty blah and pretentious.  They have very little personality and when you spend quite a lot for a small pour, I'd like to be treated pretty well and be surrounded with a friendly group of people.  
I've made my last trip there. Sorry Chicks, your wait staff need much personalty to win me backHad a great meal outside on the Kater Street sidewalk where they have a couple of tables. Dinner was excellent as was the service and we had a nice chat with the people at the next table, which made the evening even more pleasant. Chick's has a small plate theme but also has several regular size entree's available. We did both and left stuffed to the gills. No room for dessert. Did have after dinner coffee which was very good - the waiter made it fresh for us at the table with a French Press.  They have a wide selection of wines. Next time will try dining inside  - we started inside but the room was so dark we decided to head for the tables outdoors where it was still daylight as I can't read a menu in a dark room and frankly I like to see what I'm digging into. The owner came over and was very friendly. I will go back soon.I live about 6 blocks away from Chick's and I'm a little embarrassed that I haven't visited sooner.  Chick's is delightful!  The cheese board will definitely be a repeat.  I also loved their esoteric wine list.  
This is such an ideal place for any rendezvous.  Whether you want a quiet night with a lovey or need to meet for business, Chick's will satisfy.Have to give it only 4 stars not because of the food but because of the service. I brought my boss and a coworker from out of town in as I wanted to give them the neighborhood feel of Philly. I guess that's what we got in a sense because the bartender/server was kinda rude. 
I ordered a drink and they both wanted to sip it so we asked for three straws which the bartender let us know made no sense to him. He didn't even say it in a funny way and I wanted to say shut the f*ck up and get us the straws. I mean really if they like the drinks then they order them which means more revenue for you. Keep your small minded opinions to yourself. 
He flung the drinks all over the table and didn't even bring extra napkins. As the evening progressed or the drinks kicked in I thought that he relaxed the attitude a bit. 
I'm from Philly and I get that we can be a little rough around the edges and often times it's what gives us character. In this case, it's what's going to lose Chick some business. I would have to think twice about bringing out of town guests or clients here if we have to fight or feel insulted by the staff.
As for the food, it was absolutely delicious and I will be bringing the boyfriend back. I want to see if this was just a fluke or if some of the staff have a propensity for rudeness. Again the food is worth coming back for but I'm not willing to pay someone to insult me.Love this place!  Went here for my 30th birthday dinner & had upstairs dining room.  Food was great & service was perfect.  In fact, the manager even asked if he wanted us to put on a different music selection!  (There was also an electric piano in the room!). Definitely contact ahead of time for large groups tho.Still haven't had their food, but other folks at the place continually say they enjoy it.
Katie is the bartender's name, she's great, as friendly as you want her to be, great with recommendations for wines, cocktails, etc.Went there for the first time last night.  I had passed this place for YEARS.  I even wondered sometimes if it was open.  Its not usually busy outside, the building kinda "keeps to itself", if a building can even do that.  Based on some Yelpers user reviews I was eager to give it a try.  So we did, and WOW.
Wine list was not a billion pages long, but since the one wine I did have was amazing and unlike anything I had had before, I betcha they are all hand picked and wonderful.  The glasses are poured at table, from the bottle.  I don't know why this knocked my socks off so much, but it did.  So yes, wine bar, it is.
But for those that aren't into wine, no worries! they have a full bar, and beers on tap and a bottle list.
Now the food.  WOW again!  We had the Shrimp and Chorizo.  Just so great and flavorful.  Also had the Cape May Scallops, seared to perfection and were very flavorful, I did't want to swallow it...I just wanted to savor it, forever.
Onto the main courses, had the Flat Iron Steak with Frites.  Wonderful.  Husband had the filet mingon.  He swears its of the best dinners he has ever had.  Portions we generous, but appropriate.
The atmosphere was intimate and romatic but totally relaxed.  We went there for a date night, but really its great for anyone and smaller groups.  The music they played was an electic mix of upbeat oldies and current stuff.  Server was attentive and very personable.
Just fantastic, can't wait to go back and bring others.We went here on a Friday night with a party of four. Didnt have trouble getting a table. For a quiet date of wine and small plate tapas, this wine bar excels. I want to rate this higher, yet the entrée I had - taglietelle with spring peas and asparagus - lacked flavor and I really wanted to add salt or cheese. For the price, I expected more.
The salmon was excellent and my friend enjoyed the swordfish kebabs. We LOVED the flatbreads (we ordered all three!). 
I'd return for wine, cheese and tapas on the nights that I'm not up for the hustle and bustle of Tria.  It's small, dimly lit, creating a more relaxed and subdued vibe, perhaps better for a getting-to-know-you date or a calmer evening among couples or small group of friends. 
It's also the only place I'm aware of that sells beignets in the city, which I regrettably passed up and surely will have to try next time!I love this place, and were I basing the rating on the bar, atmosphere and  staff, it would have 5 stars.  However the quality of the food is too mercurial to warrant a fifth star.  Some of the food is excellent (detailed later) but some of the entrees are uninspired.
Jon and Katie are two of the friendliest and knowledgeable bartenders in the city, and their unique concoctions (try the Demon Vert) are a wonderful compliment to excellent wine and beer list.  (There is an emphasis on artisan Italian beers, and no, that does not include Peroni.)
I agree with Ezekiel that the Vadeon-stuffed dates are done perfectly.  I, too, have yet to come here and not order them.  The shrimp and chorizo skewers and the Tuscan fries are other favorites.  The wild boar burger, cooked medium rare, of course, is done with Taleggio and roasted tomatoes.  It is excellent, but they seem to have trouble meeting the demand for it: twice it was eighty-sixed from the menu.As far as updates go, this one is long overdue. 
Chick's has changed substantially since my last review two years ago, embracing their Italian persona and spotlighting chef/owner Jim Piano's facility with both Italian-Italian and South Philly Eye-talian dishes. 
We visited on a Thursday for Jesse Cornell's company and killer drinks, and ended up staying until close, hanging out with Jim and a few of his friends, the staff, and our fellow bar-goers. It was more like a party in your cool friend's awesome house than a night out at a restaurant bar. 
A bottle of prosecco started us off ($42, dry, fizzy, easy-breezy) since we were celebrating both a birthday and an engagement.  From there our crew demolished textbook Sazeracs, Bulleit Rye Manhattans and glass after glass of a smooth, polished Roero red that I wish I had written down. 
Of the eats we tried, the best was the Brussels sprout flatbread, all toasty and melty with cheese, as well as the roasted bone marrow appetizer -- two generous split bones full of sexy meat butter to spread on perfectly grilled, thick-cut slices of bread.  The salmon served over a beet farro was also delicious and light. 
Noting our scraped-clean marrow bones, chef Jim asked if we knew how to use them as a shot luge for sherry.  Once we managed to eek out a "No," (I was dumbfounded by this brilliant innovation),  Jim graciously poured a delicious sherry through the bone and into out waiting maws. 
The sherry picked up some of the fat from the bone, lending the already exquisite flavor a depth and richness that kicked it right over the top of culinary experiences. 
This place is not only tasty and makes great drinks, the ownership and staff really understand hospitality and how to make you feel right at home.  Thanks to everyone, we will surely be back.I went here a few weeks ago and I would definitely go back. Cozy, quiet atmosphere so great for a date or catching up with a friend. Solid beer selection, nothing to write home about. I had a fig and gargonzola flat bread that was a little disappointing but my friend had a pasta & duck dish that was out of this world. Really friendly service. I'm looking forward to going back. They also had a semi-private back room, not sure how big it is but it looked like a great spot for a small group.i love it.  the food menu is small but each dish is very well done, the wine list isn't so long that you have no idea where to start, and the staff seem very knowledgeable about the menu.  it's a lovely little space and i'm surprised (but happy) that it hasn't become overwhelmingly busy.We had planned to visit Chick's to savor the cocktails everyone is talking about in the reviews. But our dinner plans at another place got postponed to post 9 pm, so we ended up ordering appetizers as well! The cocktails were indeed strong and unique, zucchini chips were wonderfully tasty and the wings were just right. A friend got the day's special mushroom soup and loved it! Recommended cocktails for girls are Diablo and Dark & Stormy, and guys it has to be "A More Perfect Union" (Bourbon base). Ambience was ordinary, and the service was excellent!Great meal. Steak frites and the duck breast were VG. The tapas apps were also tasty. Reasonably priced wines too. A little dark but overall a very nice restaurant.I may be bias when writing this because the bartender is a friend of mine but a very good bartender at that! This bar is just plain adorable- it's the neighborhood bar, my own local "Cheers". The service is great from the entire staff, food is yummy, and the drinks are awesome mainly because he(Drew) will make whatever you ask for. It's the perfect spot for a quaint date night or even to watch a game on a Sunday afternoon without the loud annoying drunk crowds you get in a sports bar. I do think its underrated and though- not many people know about this hidden gem so if you haven't been there try it out - I promise you will like it!A quiet neighborhood gem with good eats!   On weeknights, Chick's is the perfect spot to stop by for a drink or a snack, in an environment where you can hear yourself think or have a conversation at a civilized decibel level.  If the house music is a touch too loud for you, the staff will happily turn it down on request.  The new spring menu is fantastic -- try the lamb meatballs or chicken sandwich.We started with the Brussell Sprout, Bacon Flat Bread, which was excellent, and perfectly crisp.  The special Ravioli was butternut squash with Sage butter and was nicely done, and not swimming in butter.  The Flat Iron Steak was done perfectly Med-Rare, and the fries were worth every calorie! The Striped Bass had a crispy skin, but was still moist.  And to top it all off, the Chocolate Torte with Salted Caramel was the perfect end to an excellent meal.The place is small, cozy, and friendly. I don't know about the food, but I have been there for drinks and enjoyed the atmosphere, the beer selection, and the service. The bartender is easygoing and open for a chat. The place is tucked far enough away from the energy of South Street to have a relaxed vibe. It's a great place for drinks and talk. 
Chick's is a good place to have tucked in your mind. And then when you are in Bella Vista with friends, you can suggest this place. If your friends are not from the neighborhood, they may not have heard of it. And, voila, you are the hero for the night.I love that this place is in my neighborhood! Great wine and beer selection,  very yummy small plates as well as very friendly service. My only wish is that they hadn't tried to explain away the grit that I crunched down when eating my perfectly cooked scallops as "fresh from the sea" on my most recent visit.  Other than that, this place is a gem!Christina the bartender is incredibly knowledgeable and knows how to create a cocktail. 
Drinks lived up to their reputation as amazing.The wild boar burger is fine. It is definitely not the burger messiah that I had hoped it would be. 
The zucchini chips are cut pretty thick compared to what I was expecting. They were fine.
The bone marrow is fine.
Chick's is fine. Give it a shot.Came here for the first time on Thursday night for a happy late happy hour drink. I arrived around 6:30pm and there was only one other group at the bar - but the place filled up nicely by 7:30pm or so. 
The interior was cozy, with warm colors and a dark tin ceiling. The bar sat about 8-10 people and the dining area small, but Chick's makes an efficient use of its space. Despite the coziness, I didn't feel any camaraderie with the other patrons - I would have felt awkward trying to strike up a conversation, perhaps it was how the bar was separated from the dining room - but I wouldn't go back here if I was looking to meet people.  You could manage a group of up to 6 with a reservation, but I wouldn't try to bring more than that, unless you're trying to take over the bar! 
Once my friend joined me, we grabbed a table in the dining room and she ordered the Lobster Bisque, which she said declared quite good. I ordered a meat and a cheese to munch on: the Jamon Serrano and the Mahon to be exact. The Serrano was enough for three people, but the cheese serving was just right and nicely paired with a fig jam and a few slices of bread. $11 for the pair - so on par with what you'd get at Tria. 
I went with two glasses of wine and my friend ordered one of the cocktails, The Golden Scarab, perfect for a cold winter night. 
I was neither wowed nor turned off - so I'll go back, to try more of the food and the cocktails.Honestly, I booked this place last minute because a friend's flight delay made us give up our reservations at Amada.
I booked here because they advertised as a tapas bar and had a chef's tasting menu which I thoroughly enjoyed at Amada and was hoping for a similar experience.   Unfortunately, the menu was quite limited in comparison and the food was lackluster, with exception of the cheese plate which was quite nice.
I will say that the service was good, our waitress was friendly and for some reason the bartender was the one advising us of our upcoming dishes.
I'm not saying not to try the place, but I don't think I'll be coming back when there are so many other restaurants to try.overall, i very much enjoyed my experience at chick's.  i am always looking for a mellow place to hear good music, sip great cocktails, and talk with friends.  chick's fits the bill on all accounts (well, the music was a bit hit or miss; but that's the nature of the shuffle feature).
i can't remember the name of my first cocktail -- something french with grapefruit.  i was expecting more citrus flavor, so i didn't love it.  for my second try, i went with a ketel one gimlet.  delicious.  one of my favorites in the city now (the other one being the gimlet at southwark).
i came with a group of five and, although the space is small, our waiter took us to the back and pushed three tables together.  it felt like a private room, which was great.
i liked the stuffy, old-time decor.  gives it a speakeasy vibe.
i will definitely pop in again.Never knew this place existed until my wife read a review about it on another website (sorry yelp). Made reservations for 6pm on a Friday night. 
Place was empty, sans 2 couples sitting at the bar. Old timey feel to the place. Purchased a bottle of wine, which was finished before dinner was. 
Appetizer was tomato jam and mozzarella. Good stuff. My dinner consisted of salmon with potatoes and asparagus. The missus got lamb meatballs with mint pasta. 
Salmon was good. Potatoes were cold, but was intended that way. Made with some aioli. Not a fan. Some of the potatoes were not cooked thoroughly. Asparagus was asparagus. My wife liked the meatballs. Not a fan of the pasta. The mint really didn't come through. It was a good idea, just not executed well. 
After dinner drinks consisted of grand marnier for me and Bailey's on the rocks for my wife. 
Service was good. I felt bad for the staff, as I saw them constantly wandering around outside, waiting for more people. There was a table of 4 when we were leaving. Maybe things picked up after we left. 
I wonder if the place does fill up if the atmosphere changes. Maybe, maybe not. A good place to go.Chicks is a great wine bar.  The interior is divided into two sections, a bar area and a intimate back room area.  The staff is friendly and accommodating without being overbearing.  There is also outdoor seating, which during this time of year was awesome.   
The wine selection is well chosen and paired nicely with their meal offerings.   I had the Tempranillo  which was a nice pair with the three cheeses we selected, Mahon from Spain was my favorite.  There were about 10 cheeses to choose from, which were served in nice portions and paired with jams and baguette (with options to pair with meat, which we did not try).  We also tried the shrimp and chorizo, which came recommended by a fellow yelper, and was equally delicious.  The 5 medium sized shrimp / chorizo skewers were just the right amount of spicy and just the right size portion.  
For an entree my husband and I split the steak with frites which was perfectly cooked and seasoned, it would have been a sin to ask for salt! If I were to go again, I would have ordered two entrees had we not had the appetizers, they are well portioned, but not enough for two.  
On a personal note, I was fascinated by the sinks in the bathroom, they were the tiniest I have ever seen.  But I appreciated the details and the soft hand towelettes.... You can tell quality when you feel it.  Will def. add Chicks to the monthly rotation.
I wish they had more of a beer selection - since my husband isn't a wine guy.  But they still had a better selection than can be said for some restaurants!For fans of The Franklin, Southwark, Noble, Oyster House, and Apothecary, Chick's is a must. Enter the dimly-lit, cozy woody space, belly up to the bar, and check out the cocktail side of the menu. Phoebe, the bartender, created a diverse selection of clever concoctions, each more intriguing than the next (one of them blends muddled red peppers and blackberries!). 
Cocktail enthusiasts take note, Phoebe shops at Reading Terminal Market every Tuesday and picks out the freshest produce to then use in the night's improvised cocktails. I really appreciate any restaurant that gives its bar program the same diligence it gives the kitchen. 
All the drinks I tried were perfectly balanced and I think this may be my new favorite cocktail bar.This isn't much of an update since I'm still giving it a 5 star review. 
That being said, I haven't been since my last review a year and a half ago (why did it take me so long to come back??) and it's still an awesome place to eat and drink. 
My boyfriend and I came late on a Sunday night for some appetizers and cocktails. They were running a special on the Rossini, which is champagne and strawberry puree...I may have had more than one of those (ok, 3- but who's counting?). My boyfriend had one as well, but they really weren't his scene so he switched to a dark beer that he really enjoyed.  We also had the tagliatelle with fava beans, asparagus and goat cheese, and a plate of the seared scallops with citrus salad. The pasta was amazing, creamy and cooked perfectly al dente. It had dill in it as well, which I have never experienced, but I love that flavor and it was perfect with the goat cheese sauce. The scallops were very fresh and flavorful. The salad accompanying them really made for a great balance. 
And obviously the ambiance is second to none. Gorgeous tin ceiling and candle light. With the door open and the summer breeze coming in, it made for a relaxing Sunday date night. One I hope to have again.Very cute, neighborhoody place.  Wine and beer selection is very good and the tapas-like and other plates were well-prepared.  The server we had was also very pleasant and made suggestions on the wine, which turned out to be really great.One of the kind staffers at Chick's noted to me that there is a factual inaccuracy in my review below... they have never had Gouda, and smoky blue was disputed as well (they do have Vacheron, a racy blue). 
I apologize for this error and hope it did not lead anyone to head to Chick's with their heart set on Dutch cheese in addition to Phoebe Esmon's absolutely stellar cocktail selection.mmmm....cocktails.
i can't believe i haven't been here before this weekend - whenever i heard the name "chick's", i always thought it was chickie and pete's or chickie's deli.  boy was i wrong.
haven't tried the food yet, but i tried a few of their tasty signature cocktails.  my favorites? anything with citrus.  i tried the diablo and the front stoop lemonade - perfect for a summer night.  
the beer list is impressive too!  they certainly have some local favorites, but there's an impressive array of craft brews and belgians.  this is the perfect place for the cocktail snob or the beer snob.
i'll be back!We dropped in on a Thursday evening to enjoy some small bites and drinks.  The bar was nearly full with what looked to be locals enjoying all sorts of drinks...a good vibe.
We ordered some Spanish meat & cheese...the Lomo was a dry-cured pork with some great herbal flavor...my wife swore it had thyme in it.  They served our Raw Sheep's milk cheese (La Serena) with some honey and olive oil. Decent size for the price and the cheese was up to room temp like it should be.
I had a Spanish Tempranillio Rose, mineral and thin-bodied cherry.  My wife picked the better light wine, with a Sardinian white.
We also had the flatbread with Fig, Gorgonzola, and caramelized onion...the basalmic vinegar in the onion made for an alternative to pizza sauce and the figs were a treat.  Best of all were the Valderon cheese stuffed dates, wrapped in bacon...yeah, it's a staple of wine bars, but they got the bacon wrapped just right with no oozy cheese.
The service was attentive and concienscious; at one point the server re-arranged the table quickly, turning a 4 top into a set of 2 tops so that another couple could have a cozy corner to themselves.
Mixed drinker out there in the crowd seemed impressed by the bartender...she whipped up an interesting cocktail with absinthe while we were dining that had the table next to us all a-glow.Ate here once two years ago; from what I remember very good, although nothing astounding.  Stopped in on Saturday night to cleanse the taste of Brauhaus Schmitz from my mouth.  
Great wine and beer lists.  Wonderful staff, and a beautiful room.  I haven't seen their garden space, but I hear good things.  They also have an upstairs space that they're willing to open for private events with a cash bar.   Both it and the downstairs main room are cozy, warm, dark wood heavy with a modern feel.  A wonderful place to stop in for a drink.We were trying to decide where to go for drinks before our dinner at Supper.  We were deciding between Chick's Cafe and Wine Bar vs. Brauhaus Schmitz German Bar.  We decided on Chick's and headed out there for our pre-dinner treat...
Food/Drinks: 3.5 stars
We didn't try the food so this review is just for drinks.  When we were looking at the menu, my eyes lit up when I saw that they served a Dark and Stormy.  The Dark and Stormy was good but not great.  A combo of not enough alcohol and too much ice made the drink average.  My fiance had Proseco which she enjoyed.  We got a glimpse of the entrees being ordered by those around us and they looked great.
Service: 4.0 stars
Bartenders are fast and attentive.  They take care of your drink requests quickly.
Ambiance: 4.0 stars
A very classic, old school wine bar feel.  Its a vibe that I was not expecting to find on South Street.  We were definitely enjoying the quaint, historical feel.  It a wine bar that I would expect to find in NYC more than in Philadelphia.
Location: 3.0 stars
7th and South (just south of South Street)
Price: 3.0 stars
A little steep for the drinks we got.  We spent over $40 on four drinks.  I would be ok spending that much if my drink was stiffer than it was.  A little disappointing when the bill comes into play.
Overall: 3.0 stars (for now until we try the food)
Good wine bar to start off dinner or to have dinner at.  A little pricey but the vibe is unique and enjoyable if you catch it on a night when its not packed (I'm not sure if it ever gets packed).  We will probably be back to try some food there and will keep in the back of our minds for pre-dinner drinks if we dine down in South Street again.Although I have never dined at Chick's, I give it four stars for having outstanding service and atmosphere, as well as great cocktails. Having lived in this neighborhood for 11+ years now, I am delighted that the space and location are now living up to their full potential. Cheers, Chick's!Food and drink were all delicious; the fig and gorgonzola flatbread was my favorite part, and the chocolate tart was incredibly rich. The interior is nice and cozy, although maybe a little too dark, and, while it did warm up eventually, it was freezing when we first sat down. Would definitely come back =)
And no, this is not a byob; they have a great selection of drinks and are very knowledgeable about their offerings. So, if you're already drunk on a cheap bottle of booze that you're hiding in your bag, the answer is no, it's not cute to steal a glass off another table and serve yourself, and yes it is rude and no I don't think the waiter thought it was funny... In case you were wondering =PThis South Philly jewel features leaded glass, dark woods, lots of brass, and stamped ceiling and walls  Seats only 20 in the Bar room and 8 at the bar, the  adjacent room can take parties of up to 12.  Wine by the glass, bottle and quartino, 11 ounces for $9.00 for a mediocre pinot noir.  Excellent cheese and charcuterie plate.  Fig and Gorgonzola with carmelized onions on flat bread a must for thin crust pizza lovers.  Roast boar and porcini over polenta exceptional dish.  The white anchovy salad over micro rocket a great starter  and dark chocolate truffle tart a perfect ending.  Typical South Philly parking issues but worth the agita.Fine.  I'll play the role of the jaded New Yorker.  
Chicks was just OK.  There.  I said it.  Admittedly, I was excited when I first took a look at the menu: there are a number of items that would whet almost anyone's whistle.  I was particularly excited about the fact that they had a pretty decent wine selection (at reasonable prices).  I usually feel like I'm getting screwed by the exorbitant pricing on the wine list when I know I can get the bottle for 1/3 the price elsewhere, so this was a reversal fortune.
I knew that things might go awry when our server brought out one of our dishes, dropped half the bread on the table and the floor and then left the bread that was on the table there.  He did pick up the bread on the floor, but there was a brief moment when I thought that he was going to put it back on the tray.
Also unfortunately, the food quality generally followed that performance.  The beets weren't ripe, the butternut squash soup wasn't warm and was kind of bland and the cauliflower au gratin was more runny than cheesey.
But I'm generally willing to give the benefit of the doubt.  The staff was generally friendly and dishes looked great on paper.  Maybe we just hit an off night.We stopped by here around 10 on a Saturday night and there were only four other people in the bar, other than a party going on in the back. Hubby loves to talk and the bartender was willing to listen. He is very knowledgable about their wine selection. You have to try the garlic rosemary fries - omg they are the bomb. I like the bar itself, it's funky.Good spot, great beverage selection.  Okay I'm biased, I know the bartendrix in charge of this, but she keeps it going well, great cocktails, great wines.  No idea about food though, I doubt she'd tolerate the place if the food wasn't tasty too.My mom, guyfriend, and I dropped into Chick's last night after my birthday dinner at Horizons across the street.
Christina was our bartender and she was just amazing.  She totally made the night.  The drinks were creative and yummy and she was willing to put up with my mother's antics.  Yes, my mom was really trying to set her up with my cousin in London and invited Christina down to her house in Ocean City, MD.
We practically had the place to ourselves too.
A ton of laughs.  I wish that place were right around the corner.  I could definitely see it as an awesome neighborhood bar.
(We only drank there but they have a ton of delicious looking cheeses on the menu.  I might just try to make the trip back for that too.)Had beets and the sardines. Beets were excellent golden and sweet. The sardines were fried and no fish was evident? Tasted good but not the pan fried that I expected. Was served on bed of fennel.
Decent wines by the glass and got to sit outside on a nice cool night.I ended up at Chick's after walking around the area with a PBR wrapped in my scarf and no food in my belly.  A friend wanted to check it out and so we went.  
I am so glad we did, it has an awesome beer and wine selection.  The food is really, really good.  A little pricey but well worth it.  My friend and I had ordered the fig, gorgonzola, and carmelized onion flatbread.  We gobbled up that delicious combo of flavors and were pretty full.  The bartender, I think her name was Katie, was so friendly and personable.  There wasn't too many people there and the atmosphere was perfect for a rainy Thursday evening.  There are no tv's and they play some really good jazz, and you can hear the person sitting next to you when having a conversation.  It would be a great place for a date or for just hanging out at the little bar.To be totally honest, I just wasn't feeling Chick's.  The space is super small (especially the bar area) and I found it kind of stuffy, as if I was in some old person's apartment.  They have a decent wine list, but not nearly as extensive as I would like from a wine cafe.
I thought the bartender was a little stiff and felt as if she was judging my husband and I the entire time we were there.  She was having a conversation with another patron at the bar about how she gives the customers names in the system so she remembers who they are.  Turns out one day she didn't change it back before she gave the check to someone and some guy got a receipt with douchebag listed as the customer.  It made me wonder what she was calling me and my husband...
The only way I can summarize the experience is uncomfortable.I went here Friday night after a long day and was pleasantly surprised.i ordered fried zucchini and wings. The wings were average, but my fiance had the wild boar burger which was quite tasty. The bone marrow was good I was told, though huge! Service was good and I would go back again...Indisputable, undeniable perfection in every way.
The interior is gorgeous. Pressed tin ceilings in a dark, lush color, leading down to subtle beadboard. Sconces lilt over the scene in flirty glass shades and slinky cloth-covered chains. Each window holds a handsome plant in a reassuringly heavy ceramic pot. At sundown the black marble tables pick up evening light and shine. 
I ate, drank, and read my way happily into the late hours, aided by faint ambient light and two hard-working votives in glass cubes, offered to me by a lovely woman who appeared out of absolute nowhere, in what I recall to be a particularly glamorous ensemble.
I got several small plates, each of which was outstanding. 
Shrimp with chorizo (5 large, delicious skewered shrimp, each wrapped around a fiery, orange-red disk).
Eggplant hummus with grilled bread (seemingly an entire loaf - yum).
French fries, in rosemary, with cold mayo (fries are my oxygen) -- not match-sticky thank goddess. Just wonderful, and exactly what you hope they will be.
Roasted golden beets with spiced walnuts and goat cheese (ground pepper brought it together perfectly).
For wine I had one, then two, OK finally THREE glasses of a crisp white called Pansa Blanca. Think of it as liquid turn-on.
Not wanting to put the breaks on my caloric rager, I finished off with the mascarpone cheesecake with honey-poached pear. INSANELY DELICIOUS!
Finally I got to have George the bartender, server, and man of the evening be my (unknown to him) imaginary boyfriend. Likelihood of becoming reality: zero. But that's what imagination is for!Had two of the best cocktails ever. A Chicks Crusta and Blackberry Beret.  This is an unpretentious and fabulous bar.  Drinks are made with heart...not just mixed.I FINALLY made it into Chick's. I love the space. The interior was very warm & inviting.
I was a bit late for the reservation but 2 of my mates arrived in time & had the calamari to start... VERY tasty. It wasn't over oily or salty. 
We were in a rush, so we didn't have time to do courses. I went with Salmon with jasmine rice, spinach & caper tomato buerre blanc. This was such a great entree. It was crispy on the outside, moist & flaky inside. And such a huge portion. One of my friends had the Gorgonzola flat bread. Which was amazing also. Even the bread itself had great flavor. This isn't so with other places I've been. The other opted for a dessert as her entree. She went for the Chocolate Torte. We wanted to give it a hug & nuzzle it. It was freakin' delicious. Even as we were en route to our next destination about an hour away, we still couldn't stop talking about that chocolate torte.
I really want to get back there soon to have a full meal.
Oh, hey, it's a great date spot, also.Chick's is our date night closer bar, and I absolutely love it. 
We usually swing by on Thursdays when Jesse is working (but we've experienced great cocktails under the care of George as well). Just one drink always turns into several, and how could it not with great conversation amongst staff who have become friends. 
The bar is typically quiet later in the evening and there's never any trouble getting a seat. There's usually a character or two which adds to the laughs. If you haven't checked this place out, hit your bookmark button and give them a look next time you want a nightcap.