Oh Chickie's and Pete's, you are the perfect place to watch some sports and indulge. 
No doubt this is not the best food I've ever had but, if you can get a seat, grab some beer with mussels red and crab fries, there's no way not to thoroughly enjoy this place during a game or any time you're down by the stadiums. 
My favs are the crab fries, mussels red (white is overloaded with garlic that I can't always take it), the spicy pull and peel shrimp, steamers, and if the mood is right the blue crabs (it's a lot of work but tasty). This place also makes getting down and dirty with your food easy. There are sinks all over so you can rinse the mess off your hands once you're done....good touch.
To sum it up, Chickie's and Pete's is a Philadelphia institution and always a good time. I strongly suggest going at least once to enjoy the experience. 
Please note: Make sure to remember two things before coming during major sporting events. 1. You'll never get a table and 2. You'll deal with a ton of drunk people. I've absolutely been one of these people before and we can get annoying unless you're in the right frame of mind. :)3.5 stars.
Chickie's and Pete's is a friendly sports bar, particularly for women, and it has lots of seating for Sunday games. I appreciate the sound booth in the sky, as it means that (admittedly bad) music is played during the commercials, along with special themes for Eagles fans. And, the place seems to be smoke free.
But, I am not impressed by the famous crab fries, which are crinkled, lightly fried, and seasoned with garlic, chili pepper, and salt. Something about the congealed cheese sauce detracts from the entire experience, and I also prefer my fries to be piping hot. However, there are towers of beer available (complete with taps), which is pleasantly tacky. 
With loads of space, booming sound, cute servers, and rowdy fans, Chickie's and Pete's is a perfect place to catch a game.So far a two, its been a while since Ive been here went to a Phillies game with my nephew had to feed the kid, aitting waiting on fries and the smell from the carpet is turning my stomach currently 10:37I've been wanting to hit this place for quite some time. Today seemed perfect for lunch. I had the classic cheese steak with crab fries. The cheese steak was quite good, tender tasty slices of steak and a warm cheesy sauce on a delicious roll. The crab fries came out hot and crispy and perfectly seasoned. The service was prompt and attentive which I liked. Very clean and a very nice sports atmosphere. I will be back.I've gone back and forth with giving this place 4 or 5 stars, I am settling with 4 only because of the pain in the tail service we had when we first arrived.
I was told by all my Philly friends that I had to go here for crab fries when I was town.  Friday night during the Phillies game we went to Chickie's and Pete's, we were immediately seated at a two top table.  While delivering our beers and crab fries, the server asked us if we were ready to order.  We explained that we would be there for the game and we were pacing ourselves and her response was "the whole game, well you better be constantly ordering if you are going to take up my table."  I totally understand her concern, and we assured her that we would in fact be ordering beers and food throughout the game.
A few moments later she walked through her section complaining and cussing about the $1.00 tip she received from her table, again, I understand her concern, but there is a time and a place.  She then cleared a table and came to take the order of the people next to us, and placed the dirty plate of shrimp peels on the table, gross.  While our beers sat empty she sat down a few tables near us and had a 10 minute conversation with her friends that were dining there.  Another table sat down and again we heard the same speech about not talking up her tables and that they had to order all night (glad it wasn't just us).  At this point, our beers had been empty for 20 minutes.  
My friend went over to the bar, found 2 empty chairs and I asked her for our check.  She knew we had planned to stay all night and asked why we were leaving, and I was happy to tell her that we were not going to take up her table.  Our check was $14.00 and I left $24.00 hoping that she would take that act of kindness and extend it to the poor patrons who had to deal with her next.
Now.... Onto the experience at the bar... TOTALLY AMAZING.  The bar staff that was working on Friday 4/19/13 made our night.  They were friendly, informative, suggested what yumminess to order on the menu!  Over all, those 4 gentlemen negated the unfortunate experience on the other side of the restaurant.  
The food by the way... the crab fries... yum'tastic!  My friend ordered the "red" mussels and I had the "bleu" mussels.  I feel like we ate all night long and never put a dent in them.  Absolutely amazing.  If I am ever back in Philly... I will 100% be visiting the bar at Chickie's and Pete's!!5 stars, as far as sports bars go. Awesome atmosphere with tons of TVs, high ceilings which allows for huge projectors to show games, great service, prices and food. For my gluten free eaters, the tortilla chips and fries are both gluten free. They also use a separate fryer from their breaded goods, so no cross contamination! Try the Buffalo Chicken nachos... the chicken is grilled, so no worries there. It is covered in cheese sauce and bleu cheese, too. I opted for extra buffalo sauce for more balance between hot and cheesy. I got the bacon cheeseburger with no bun, which was made from high quality sirloin. It was incredibly good! Their mixed drinks didn't skimp on the alcohol either. High recommended. Can't wait to go back!Been here a couple of times and it's never bad. Crab fries are always a good choice, but I think they might want to try to remake the cheese so that it doesn't harden so quickly for dipping. Awesome sports bar for the guys and the place is always packed. I love the atmosphere. 
Can't ever go wrong with their huge portions of mussels for such a good price! Got the chickie's riverboat clams before, not really worth the money and they were okay. chicken parm sandwich is alright. The magooby sounds weird (contains shrimp, pickles, fries, onions, cheese), but it was actually a very interesting combo and i liked it. the lobster cheesesteak is alright (lol doesn't really taste different from the regular cheeseteaks though)
will be back from time to time!After a 4 year hiatus from Philly, I returned last night for a business trip, Chickie's & Pete's was a perfect place for a welcome back dinner.  Living in Seattle, we eat plenty of crab and seafood, so I immediately went for things we can't  get in the Pacific Northwest, which included 4 pints of Yuengling's, crab fries (fries with a wicked cheese/crab sauce), a cheesesteak, and lots of sports (witness the Sonics move to Oklahoma).  OK, this doesn't have quite the neighborhood charms of some of the classic Philly joints, but it sure is spacious, clean, efficient, and tasty.A favorite!!!  Always a good time and always enjoy great food from  the crab fries to wings to mussels to pizza.....all outstanding!   Personal favorites of mine are the buffalo wings, mussels white,  crab legs, and of course the crab fries!Fun place. The game room has for different groups, golf, boxing, rock n roll, etc.. Pick your game and enjoy with family & friends. Great seafood, awesome drinks, can't go wrong coming here.The blue crabs were on point. Never had crab nachos before but great first time. Service was ok at best, but maybe our waitress was having a bad day. But the bartenders were cool.OK...yeah yeah crab fries obviously! Thin crinkle cut extra crispy dusted in Old Bay and dunked in warm white cheese sauce- and must have red sauce mussels - the sauce is what I like, not a big fan of mussels but the sauce makes them so good I don't care they are weird little blackish green gloppy sea filters.    The buffalo chicken tenders are average .... I find the sauce too jarred tasting.  I love the atmosphere at the Packer Ave location - it's so big there is usually room to grab food/ watch a game.  It's Philly in your face so to all the other reviewers complaining about the noise....whaaah.Salty, overly salted food. Crab fries need to be smothered in ketchup to counterbalance the salty seasoning. The "sauce" for shrimp and crab=salty. Crab cakes were good.Great place to go out and have a couple beers.  It's loud and usually packed with people during any sport event.  The fries are absolutely epic and totally deserve a try.    Only thing is that on a friday/saturday night it can be pretty tough to get a drink, but really, what can you expect?The food was fresh and hot.  Try the crab fries and the fried shrimp.  DELICIOUS!!! The only reason they do get 5 stars is because the toasted bread was cold and tough.  However, this was a great dinner.  We would return.This place gets PACKED. 
Luckily, we stopped by while there was no Philadelphia sports team playing as this location is right by the sports complex. Chickie's crab fries were one of the first foods I was introduced to upon moving to Philly and it pretty much changed my life. 
The white cheese sauce? Fantastic! Sure, it may not look or feel like cheese, but it makes the fries melt in your mouth. 
Pete's Pizza wasn't as tasty as I had hoped. Clearly pizza is not one of their hot menu items. I would stick with the crab fries and cheesesteaks for a more authentic experience.My mom and I had a fun night there but the waitress Danielle was walking everywhere when we need service for Pete-zza boxes or crab breakers thanks a lot for reading my review!Well for living in Philly over a year and never stepping foot in the actual establishment is rare. Ive had some of their food at games and the airport but never actually had experienced the real chickie and petes. I finally got around to the place for the PSU vs. TEMPLE game. 
Definitely a hoppin place for sports. 
My room mate and I probably looked like the fattest little asian girls in the place, we had a serving of crab fries, 2 HUMONGOUS servings of the mussels with white sauce and a dozen wings..... we finished every last bit!  Crab fries are a MUST, and the mussels are pretty dayum good for a sports bar. Other than that I didn't get to try much, the wings were ehhh nothing to rave about. And sweet potato fries are not that great, the sauce they come with are wayyy too sweet.
The beer towers bring back lovely college memories at champs sports bar at penn state...... ahhh that was the life.Came here after the auto show and were pretty shocked to see that it wasn't busy at all. Especially for lunch time on Super Bowl Sunday. We came in with our kids and thankfully they placed us away from everyone. The food was great, the kids enjoyed it and our waitress was very good. I would go back again in a heart beat. Also, one serving of fries fed our family of 4. We took home our pizza and fries, since we couldn't finish it all.The first restaurant I've ever been to with a sink in the dining room.  Apparently to wash your hands after a messy crab meal.  The bartenders are old-school Philadelphia.  Lots of characters and of course crab-fries.  One of the better sports bars in Philly.  I'm sure I'll be back.Didn't feel like cooking so i ordered the crabs from uber eats. I guess they were having a bad day yesterday because when I ate their crabs I got food poisoning. Threw up all night. My suggestion is if you want a near death experience get the crabs.Sports bar through and through.
I had mussels in a red sauce. Smaller mussels, but the fact that you get 35 of them makes up for it! The sauce was perfectly spiced as well.
The crab fries for an appetizer are a perfect start as well. 
If you are in the area to see a Phillies, Sixers, or Eagles game, this place is a must see if you like sports bars.The Crab Fry's are a staple here and are ok with the spice. But I'd skip the lobster bisque, as it seemed burned. The blue crabs and crab cakes were ok, but not too impressive.   Above average Bar Food with a nice environment.Great spot to hit up before and/ or after games or concert.  Always get the crab fries. Quickly and friendly services.PLENTY of seating, dinner on a Thursday night was quite interesting. Very awkward music (club/house/electro) for a sports bar. Aside from that the "ultimate tailgate" (crab cake on burger) was alright. I was thoroughly impressed by the crab-fries, specifically the dipping sauce that came with it (def made the meal) 
Very formidable beer selection, I was not disappointed. All in all, it was ok food at an ok venue. The food seems trumped by the over-the-top atmosphere.I have been coming here since they opened and the service has always been superb.Jimmy,
Pete,Charisse,and Leah,to name a few have waited on me and treated me well.By and large,
the food is good and worth continued visits.As long as Chickie's keeps hiring such exemplary
staff, I will be a satisfied customer.If you are looking for a big sports bar that serves great food this is it great fast service excellent food and you have to try the crab friesCrab fries + mussels + crabs + ice cold Yuengling + 300 million TVs and projectors to watch any sports programming available = one of my versions of heaven. 
Get here early though, if it's a big game night it gets packed pretty quick and you'll be waiting an hour for a seat.Loaded up on carbs here last night at their stand at Spruce St. Harbor Park.
Crab fries + cheese sauce = yum. Not really much else to say there, other than you should be warned that they're really hard to stop eating.
We also decided to try their crab-seasoned kettle corn, which was about 5X larger than we had anticipated (if only someone had gotten a picture of my face when she handed me the bag, haha) - that thing is MASSIVE! About the size of a jumbo bag of chips. But they're good! Love that sweet + savory. Just be careful of the staples when you open the bag!Coming from Philly and living 2 minutes away from this Chickies location, theres no other place that makes you feel so close with my fellow philadelphia sports fans. There are a MILLION TVs, so anywhere you sit, you'll have a great view of one of the TVs. The place is pretty huge. the crab fries are obviously a must when you go. I have enjoyed just about everything I have ordered here including the calamari, cheesesteak, mussels marinara, wings, etc. A bar that actually plays the games' on the speakers instead of music, then when a commercial hits during the games...cue the music! They have weekly specials for beers and on big game days.Great place to grab a beer and some crab fries before the game.Great time yesterday at the south Philadelphia location.  the hostesses seated us promptly and when I asked for a table rather than a booth they were very accommodating.  our waitress was very nice and the service is always fast.  Great place to go after a sporting event especially when your team wins!Go eagles!  This is "THE" Philadelphia sports bar.   Watch an eagles game here, you can see any of the million flat screen TVs from any angle.  They play the sound on the Eagles game throughout the bar, and play music during commercials.  They even play the Eagles fight song after every touchdown!!  Sing with the rest of the fans!  Join the fun!
It gets packed on game day, which is the best part.  There's a free shuttle bus to take you from Chickie's to the football stadium.  There are probably 100 tables inside, so even if they quote you a 20 min wait, it never takes that long.  
Food is average, bar food.  But a few quality items that I love - the CRAB FRIES!  Ripple cut french fries with old bay seasoning and cheezy whiz dip on the side!  Classic!
I really like the crab bruchetta also.  People love the mussels, but I've had better.  The hoagies are average, good if you're drinking heavily watching the game!  The pizzas are really good, and a better value than getting hoagies.  You can even order a tower of beer that sits on your table and you pour it yourself from the tap.
This is my favorite Eagles bar in the city.  I much rather come here than the new Xfinity live complex.  Avoid the over-crowded over priced Xfinity and come to Chickies!Chickies and Pete's is the spot. Nothin beats Crab Fries. No way you go to Philly and pass this spot up. Hit 'em up at the Linc as well.If you are craving sysco crinkle cut french fries with old bay thrown on them then this place is for you. Service SUCKED this sunday at the S Philly location. Apparently they make all thier money off of suing any restaurant on the east coast that uses the words crab and fries to describe  a menu item.It's become the place you go to before a game in south Philly.  I have always had a good experience here.  Crab fries are a staple.  Lobster white pizza is always great.  Mussels in white garlic sauce, yes please, I will take all the bread you can give me to eat this delicious broth.  My favorite of all time at Chickie's is the McGooby sandwich.  A great roll, with chopped onion and pickle.  They then top that with steamed and peeled shrimp.  On top of that goes some crab fries, and on top of that goes the patented Chickie's cheese sauce.  It is a great balance of cold and hot in a seafood sandwich.  Can it complete with the lobster rolls of New England, maybe... I would like to think so.
My service has always been great here, and there are always beer specials to be had.I ordered a special drink at 11:56 ( been trying since 10 of) when my bartender finally gave me the drink he said its going to be full price because it's pass 12, I showed him the time on my phone and he immediately got upset and said "don't worry I'll pay for it because I know times are hard and you can't afford it." 
YUP you read that correctly. My bartender, not knowing anything about me, disrespected and insulted me, after I treated him with the upmost respect and thanked him after every service. 
I've never been so offended in my life. You need to seriously reconsider your staff.One of my favorite places to grab a quick bit to eat. I have only been to locations in the airport and stadiums. 
The crab fries are one of the most amazing things you will ever try. The wiz is litteraly liquid gold (be sure to buy an extra one). 
Beware of the other food on the menu... it is typically just greasy bar food. Stick to the crab fries and you will be golden!Love chickie's and Pete great environment great people love the food!!! Always consistent and never had a bad experience love the burgers, nacho not my favorite but everything else is phenomenalThe place needs to be cleaned. Fun environment on game days but generally smells like an old dirty restaurant. Menus are regularly sticky. Food comes out when it's ready so it's fun to have the meal at different points. The crab fries are the best. Menu is extensive.C&P has turned into a Philly staple.  The food is standard and they have a decent selection of beer.  Their crab fries - crinkle fries with a special seasoning recipe, though no crab meat - with the cheese dipping sauce are often referred to as 'crack fries' because of their addictive nature.  (I find them to be on the salty side.)  
But these aren't the reasons you go to C&P.  You go there for the Philly sports watching experience.  Whether it's the Eagles, Flyers, Phillies, Sixers, Soul, etc... you're bound to find a good, energetic crowd.
If you can, get up to the original C&P location in Mayfair.I went to chickie and petes last night for dinner and it was the WORSE experience EVER.  Now don't get me wrong I have  been to chickie and petes on several occasions and it was a great experience BUT last night made me feel like I was on a bad episode of BAR RESCUE.
1.  when we walked in (party of 3) the women at the hostess booth were so busy in their own conversation to even acknowledge that someone walked in. we waited for about 1 minute before even being acknowledge (STRIKE ONE)
2.  after being seated the waitress came right over and asked us what were we drinking.  didn't give us a minute to even look at the menu.  after ordering the drinks (which came out very fast) we order our appetizers.  the appetizers came out very fast which was great.  but we finished the appetizers and waited a good 10 minutes before the waitress came over and took our ENTREE order (STRIKE TWO)
3.  Entrees come out  (which were pretty good) and we finished them.  the waitress never not once came over and asked us how are we, did we need anything, she basically never came to check on us.  when she finally came over we asked for boxes  because we couldn't eat the rest of the food.  she brought us the boxes and left.  for another 15 minutes before we flagged her down and asked her for the check.  (which she should of brought when she gave us the boxes).  (STRIKE THREE)
**oh did I mention that it wasn't crowded?  so there was no need for the POOR customer service.
bottom line -- the FOOD here is GREAT,  but the customer service SUCKS ASS BIG TIME.  The waitress we had was very lazy, unprofessional, and act like she was intimidated by us.  My company does a lot of business with sports bars in Philadelphia and because of last night I will have them reconsider their relationship with CHICKIE and PETES.
I will take GREAT customer service with mediocre food ANY DAY -- over POOR customer service and GREAT food..4.5 stars. Service and crabs legs we LOVED. Snow and Dungeness crabs were off the hook. Our server was incredibly helpful and nice. The (curly haired) hostess, however, who worked that night of August 22 can use some serious training. She was really off putting and not welcoming.Love comin' home and checking out this bar while watching the Phillies or Sixers.  There's nothing like Philly sports fans, the most passionate in America. 
The food is good and the service is great!  Would give them 5-stars if they had larger tv's for better viewing....you have to go next door to Play2 for that which is a cool place within itself.Say whatever bad things you want to say about this place, but don't you dare utter a bad word about their crab fries.  Yes, they're world famous for a reason, cuz they're f'in tasty.  Perfectly crispy crinkle fries dusted with seasoning and with two sides of their cheese sauce.  I could just eat these as the meal.  Their crabs are good too, so is the seafood chowder (a bit spicy), as are their cheesesteaks.
I've only been to the original NE location and now this one.  This restaurant is so big, I could get lost in it.  They have sinks in the middle of the restaurant so you can wash the crab guts off your hands. And the sinks in the bathrooms are made out of crab pots.  How cute is that?  Oh, and they have a "Taxi Crab" that will take you to and fro from the stadiums. The size of this place is a little overwhelming, but the food is always good, quite affordable, and it's fun. Just leave any pretentions at the door. It's a Philadelphia sports bar institution.Great place! A few different bar areas, cool sports pics on the walls. Loved that the bathrooms were central and clean. Good food. Decent service at the bar. Very cool place before a concert!We were here for an event honoring 9/11. I had the salad (surprise surprise) with grilled chicken. The chicken was salty I couldn't even touch it. My mouth watered after taking the first bite it was so strong. The fries were yummy though.
We also sampled their pizza. No flavor whatsoever, but we had to eat.
The actual venue and the servers are great! So two stars there.Last time I was here was a long time ago.  My friends and I played our oletimers touch football game nearby.  We stopped by here afterwards and spent over $100.  As we were down to our last pitcher, we talked about ole time for 10 minutes.  For whatever reason, one of the managers stopped over and just about kicked us out, as if we were tying up one of his tables on Saturday night.  It was about 6 o'clock.  I guess he didn't appreciate the $100 that we already spent, and needed that table badly.
I found the food OK, nothing you can't get around the corner,  but more expensive.  Overall, this is a decent place, but overrated.  And honestly, I didn't care for their corporate attitude.  Give me one of the smaller, local cheaper places in South Philly, where aren't in a hurry to get your table.Our extended family brought us here for some hangover therapy. 
ATMOSPHERE:
Its a huge sports bar with big windows, wood everywhere and more TV's than a Vegas kino parlor.  And they have THE coolest restroom decor I've ever seen!
FOOD:
Crab Fries - Apparently their specialty.  The fries were average but the dip is to die for!  Not sure why its named that way as there's no taste of crab. 
Cheesesteak Nachos - Huge portion with a good amount of toppings.  Very good. 
Lobster Cheesesteak - Meat, fresh lobster & cheese sauce.  This isn't the best cheesesteak I've had, but maybe if it came with real cheese it would've complimented the flavors better. 
Mussels Marinara - A family member's dish, so I just tried one.  Tender & lots of flavor but I'm not a big mussel fan. 
Dungeness Crab - Tried a portion from my hubby.  It's good but mainstream.  Nothing unique. 
SERVICE:
We walked in at lunch time and got seated in about 15 mins.  Our female server wasn't the friendliest of people but she did check on us throughout our meal. 
OVERALL:
This is the place to be if you're a sports fan or if you just want some great bar food.Mozzarella sticks and crab cheese fries were excellent but waiting for a drink at the bar to wash it down was painful. Need more bartenders on a Sat night.Crab fries
Buffalo tenders
Decent service
What's up with the leggings?
Clean bathrooms 
Interesting sinks in the bar area
Hyoooge
Taxi crab for 10$
Not too far of a walk to the ballparkCame here late on a Friday night after catching a free jazz concert and fireworks at Penn's Landing. I had pretty high hopes for this meal because the two friends I was with had been talking about taking me there to celebrate my graduation since I got my diploma in June. We ordered two baskets of crab fries for the three of us, and although we all have big appetites and were starving when we arrived, we couldn't finish them. The fries were wayyy too salty! I was told by J that they usually aren't, and judging from the pictures that others have uploaded, our crab fries were obviously very over-seasoned. A spent half the meal shaking the seasoning off each individual fry before eating it. I did like the cheese sauce but overall I was disappointed that the crabfries did not live up to the hype. 
I also had the Magooby--a sandwich with jumbo shrimp, pickles, onions topped with crab fries and cheese sauce. The funny name caught my attention (I should've asked where it came from!), and I ordered it even though it sounds like a weird combo, because weird combos usually turn out to be absolutely delicious, right (i.e. anything from Little Baby's)? Here, not so much. It wasn't bad--but it wasn't good, either. My biggest qualm with it was that the sandwich was cut in half before the fries and sauce were put on top, which made it difficult to actually separate the two halves without making a mess. Maybe I'm being picky, but I just don't like getting cheese sauce all over my hands! J enjoyed his buffalo cheesesteak (you can't really go wrong with that), but A thought his white mussels were just so-so. I was also pretty shocked (in a bad way) when we got the check. 
The hostesses were a little standoffish, but our server (I think her name was Nicole?) was wonderful! The sports bar atmosphere is pretty cool, but I'm not a sports fan at all so I probably won't be back.What a great sports bar!  This place is huge and has several television screens throughout the restaurant and the best thing is that they have steamed seafood!
And I love my blue crabs which they had perfectly seasoned and delicious!  I got to eat my crabbies while the bf watched his games.  A winning combination!I have been going to Chickies & Petes for a while(roughly 8 years) and they always have been consistently good. Excellent food, great service and a well respected sports bar in its location. Very clean restaurant and there is always a hostess to greet you at the front door. Great for large groups, and have late hours on weekends. I highly recommend getting the buffalo wings and the mussels in white. FYI if you are going to Chickies and Pete's on a game night, be prepared to wait a bit long to be seated. Other then that, it's a great place to go!Came here today and it wasn't busy at all, we sat right away. Had their famous crab fries and they were "meh". Had some garlicky clams in a white sauce which was pretty decent. We were warned that it was cook to order place and food would come out as such. Well we got out fries, and clams, then one entree: lemon pepper boneless wings - they were pretty good- ranch was amazing. 10 minutes later my burger is not out yet, waitress comes over shortly to explain they're "hand rolled" and that's why it could take a little longer. Um ok sure. Another 10-15 minutes go by, still no burger, no waitress in sight. Ok, now I'm getting pissed. My gf is done her food and I still haven't even got mine. Another 5 minutes go by and here comes the waitress to another table. I had to stop her like ummm, 30 minutes is entirely to long to wait for a burger and did you mean hand rolled like they put some meat in their hand and form it into a patty!? She says yes. I said okay well there's no excuse for it to take that long then. She said she would take it off the bill (no shit, I wouldn't pay for that)! We paid the check and left. She barley apologized and seemed like she really didn't give a shit.We came here to watch 3 Sunday football games at once... The Eagles, Pittsburgh and the Ravens.  We were shocked by how empty the place was.  We asked to have them change a TV so we could see the Ravens game, but they wouldn't do it, so our resident Baltimorian was a bit bummed.  I guess X-Finity has impacted their game-day traffic.  I was pleased that we sat right down though.... and that nobody chased force fed us our food, and chased us out of our booth.  We got to enjoy a full football game at a table, which had never happened to me at Chickies before.  We grazed, and ate good food and watched great football.  Bud light was $2, but i noticed that the glasses had false bottoms which was kind of annoying... i mean a pint is a pint is a pint... but they try to save a few ounces?  Really?  I love the crab fry salad.  As a vegetarian, that's my trusty stand-by here.  
I had a fine experience, but I guess i'm just bitter about being so grossly mistreated here before.  The staff isn't particularly warm and nice... but I think that's almost partof the charm of the place.  I'll be back... but my craving of crab fries isn't as strong as it used to be.This place has a great happy hour and great for corporate events, the servers are excellent!  However, if I could change one thing it would be the hostess staff, they seem to be clueless when it comes to any catered events happening there.  There are usually at least 5 of them standing there but nobody seems to know which event is where and instead of trying to figure it out they just tell everyone to take a walk around and look for themselves. That is very unfriendly and unprofessional, they should be informed of every event taking place and escort the guests there instead of just saying I don't know and pointing to where it might be.Went here before a concert and it was a fantastic choice. My friend and I were seated very quickly and the waitress was prompt and friendly. There are tvs everywhere, but it would have been nicer to maybe have a wider selection of shows on? The food was delicious! The crab fries with the cheese dip are to die for. And the bacon cheese burger I had was scrumptious. We were able to share an order of crab fries between the two of us no problem. When the bill came I was pleasently surprised at how cheap my meal was. We spent $10 a piece including tip for a fantastic meal. I can't wait to go back!I was in earlier tonight with my friend and my son for a mushroom & swiss burger which was great and cooked perfectly. The food is always great, but the exceptional part this time was our waitress, Katrina. She was very attentive but most of all she was wonderful and very patient with my son, who is a bit of a talker. We had a great time and will be back again soon.WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!
all we wanted was to have an onion loaf as a side dish with our lunch. When we asked the waitress about this she replied "  That's not Happening"  So we cancelled the onion loaf I then went to ask the manager why this wasn't possible and he replied
"that's not our style"  Needless to say we got up and walked out.  bottom line if you want good service  DON'T GO TO CHICKI'S AND PETE'SThey give you the most mussels and their delicious. The famous crab fries are excellent. The hot spicy shrimp is definitely worth ordering. Also, its a cool spot for kids in the back they offer a gaming section for a reasonable price.Crabby fries good. Atmosphere good. Cheese steak. Nasty. Horrid dry bun and meat. Cheese was really weird but they said it was a regional favorite.Crab Fries were delicious. Fries with Old Bay Seasoning served with cheese sauce. 
The Lobster Philly Cheesesteak was grub:) The Steak nachos we're pretty good too. I'll pass on the calamari.
Good selection of beer. Would definitely go back.This is -the- spot to be before any major Philly sports game (note: if you intend to dine or get a few drinks before any match, I suggest you arrive at Chickie's at least 2 hours before the starting time, and I mean at least, the locale is large but fills up quickly). 
Believe it or not, Chickie's actually serves as a neighborhood bar as well as a sports bar, so if you brave beyond your dining table towards the bar section you're likely to run into a few South Philly natives. 
The food is good, and splendid if we're talking crab fries (5/5 stars), I dream of crab fries and the ooey gooey cheese they come with. The crab fries served at the CBP and Comcast center stands just aren't the same. 
Other food is good too, but it's your typical bar food. I usually opt for the chicken tenders sandwich (3/5 stars), I wish it came with lettuce, or something other than fried chicken, mayo, cheese and bread... but I'm usually busy filling myself with crab fries while and before ordering it anyway. 
Drinkwise, I'm no beer drinker and the cocktails are alright, they're made from concentrate and mixes so nothing fancy like homemade simple syrups here, but they do the trick (if you don't like sweet drinks, you won't like these, they're extremely high in the sweetness factor). 
I appreciate the fact that most of the staff are brunettes (more power to us), and they're usually very friendly albeit extremely busy. 
I gave Chickie's 5 stars because its a Philly sports staple for me, and as a Phillies partial season ticket holder (3 years now), I can assure you that this is where the official pregame is at, the energy here before a game is electric (Flyers games get a good turnout too).Chickie's and Pete's  aka  "The Greatest Place on Earth."  
*Warning* I am from the Philadelphia area and had to move away.  So this review may be a little biased because I miss C&P so much, but it is still such a wonderful place to go to if you ever visit Philly.  This particular one is a little far south of the city but right next to all of the stadiums.  The atmosphere is always jumping and the staff is always on point.  They have a HUGE bar and it really is not difficult to get a drink.  Try the YARDS beer.  Deliciousomaculet (just made that word up).  The ridiculously large projection screen in the corner for sporting events is a wonderment of awesomeness.  Come hungry, be happy, and you will have the time of your life.  
The best things on the menu that you have to buy:  Crab Fries, CRAB Fries,  then more CRAB FRIES dipped in the cheese sauce.  Mussels (in red), little neck clams, and the renovated Chickie Wings.  You also have to get a beer tower (size: two pitchers worth).  It is gaudy and annoying to have on the table, but it is just a tradition.. So do it!.  LOL.  
Tip:  Get there a good hour before any big game.  Wait can be up to 90 mins and the place is really big.. Plan ahead.   Enjoy!!
-Ian M.This is a great location. Big bar to have a drink while you wait for your table, lots of screens with just about every sport available to watch (even those that aren't Philly teams lol). We were a table of four and got seated before the predicted 30 minutes. They'll text you when the table is ready which is great! 
Crab fries are amazing - just the right amount of seasoning (boardwalk or mimic versions are always overdone). Burgers are great. I can't speak to the seafood as much but my company would tell you to order the lobster dishes. 
Service is friendly - can be a little slow but I'd fault that on the amount of people/crowds more than slow servers or kitchen flaws. They'll let you know if your food will be on the longer side (burgers for example take longer to cook). 
Overall this is a great location - just about walkable from the stadiums too (if it's warm out!)Just came back from lunch at chickie and pete's and everything was excellent. My son and I took my mother for her birthday. We had the lobster white pizza which was out of this world. We had  the little lobster tails which were delicious. Fried calamari was excellent, son had a bbq burger which he said was very good and of course we had the crab fries. waitress was very nice and friendly. Love this place! Excellent customer service and food!The food is great and the service is usually exceptional. It;s a fun place. The lobster dishes are excellent. The PIZZA IS MY FAVORITE. I like the fries like everyone does. They refill soft drinks and the staff is great. All TV's show everything. Can get crowded but that is because it's GOOD! AND the management is friendly! Caters well to out of town visitors!No problems with the actual restaurant but chickies and Pete's stands at bb&t pavilion and Lincoln financial field are absolutely absurd. $14 for fries plus another $3 for cheese cup is just outrageous. Used to be a strong supporter of crabfries but I will never drop that absurd amount of money on just a small cup of fries.Chickie's and Pete's is an artery clogging experience. They are known for their crab fries. They taste super good. And, they are accompanied by melted cheese.
The crinkle cut fries are cooked just right. But they give you so many fries, you might gain ten pounds and have a heart attack in one sitting.
Part of me feels they'd be better off giving not so generous portions. As good as they taste in the beginning, they start making you feel like a pig by the end. And, man, that salt kicks in and all of the sudden you start asking yourself, what am I doing to myself.
So yeah, eat a little, you're alright. Down a whole serving, you're hurtin' for certain.I've got to agree that it's one of Philly's secrets exposed. The buffalo wings are great along with the hot shrimp, dip their bread in the spicy sauce when you get the chance. People go there for the Crab Fries which has the seasoning powder still stuck to it when you dip it in the sauce, goes great with the beer that they serve from a funnel. The place is huge, and finding parking isn't too bad. Downside is that it's popular and when there's a game at the stadium, it's really packed. Expected wait time for a table for 5 is about 30 minutes when there's a game.I have been going to Chickie & Pete's for years.  This is definitely a Go-To Place to watch sporting events if you can't watch the Game in person.  How can you not enjoy the atmosphere where the TV's are everywhere and everyone in the place is ready to have a good time.  
Chickie & Pete's is the kind of place you have to take "out of towners" who are sports nuts so they can see how Phildadelphians Love Our Home Teams - it's nothing like seeing the looks you get because of the intensity that is shared by Philly Sports Fans!!
Now, the food - of course - you have to have the Crab Fries with melted cheese.  The other selections of seafood, wings and yes the Lobster Cheesesteak are items that keep you coming back to sample other things on the menu.  
Without a doubt - on Game Day - it's a FUN Time, and other nights - its a good place with good tasting food.My favorite Fries in philly, the crab fries are just to die for with the cheese sauce that they come with, it's a must stop every time I'm in town and i am never disappointed. The Philly Cheesesteak and Crab itself are also awesome. Can't really wait to go back!On game nights, this place gets crazy.  We were here on game 3 of the Penns Flyers game.  Good apps, over priced drinks.Always a stop when we visit Philly. Crab fries, pizza, cheesesteaks etc all hit the spot while taking in whatever seasonal sport is playing on the many TV's. Check this place out!It's always a great time when the games are on and you're hungry! The crab fries will blow you away. Never been a fan of the sweet potato fries, but it's not bad. The white mussels are the best. Also, the service here is great. Chickie's is your stop for a taste of Philadelphia.OK so this is a sports bar? Had to beg them to put on 1 of there 50 or more TV's the #1LSU vs. #2Bama game????.....cant get Oklahoma State vs. Kansas State or South Carolina vs. Arkansas???? Excuse? They don't know how to change the channels ....even the bartender is apologizing...at least they have on the Pitt vs Cincinnati and mizzou vs Baylor game....come on...u guys don't even know what big games are playing?the food is always consistently good. bar food done well. nothing cutting edge but a good sports bar to enjoy the brew with fellow sports fans. service is all over the place, sometimes attentive and nice and other times I gotta chase the waiters down just for a drink. I usually just sit at the bar. an energetic, rambunctious scene.This is a large sports bar hat hits the right notes if loud music, multiple tv screens and bar food is your thing.  Think of this like any major sports bar but on steroids and louder. The beer menu is extensive and they have a full service bar.  The food menu is replete with all the usual favorites but they also have a large selection of oysters, lobster and crab.  Almost like this place is trying to be Philly, Maryland and Maine all on one.    We tried the recommended CRAB FRIES. We received a  heaping basket of fries covered in Lowrys season salt like stuff with two cheese dipping sides.  It was enough to feed 6 but it was nothing to write home about nor would I recommend unless you have low blood pressure and are trying to pump it up...SALTY!  Also, there is nothing crabby about them.  Don't let the name fool you. No crab meat, no crab flavor. Just a big ole basket of fries. 
We ordered the Italian pizza which was a cheese pizza with arugula and balsamic sauce.  It came with a very thin crust.  Perfect and yummy.  Big enough for two.  The service was average but enough.  Overall, a decent place to go have a few brews and some average bar food.  I bet this place rocks when the local teams are playing.This joint continually blasts loud rap music around the clock, disturbing the peace and quiet with this sonic garbage of dozens and dozens of travelers waiting for their plane to depart. 
Turn down your damn loud speakers, you self-centered noise-polluters!!!!I used to eat here regularly when I was flying out of PHL on an almost weekly basis. I stopped here when my 7:00AM flight was delayed, thinking I could get a good roast pork sandwich with roasted red peppers (my favorite C&P item). I saw they had breakfast sandwiches, and decided to get one, with bacon and cheese. Very impressive! Loaded with the good stuff, and I asked for some extra hot peppers, and they gave them to me. Pair that with a decent (for PHL) price, and I was satisfied. 
I'm not giving this place 5 stars as the service was a bit slow and inattentive, but seeing as how they have a pick up counter, I could have gotten something there I suppose.Ehh too expensive for drinks that weren't even that good and the wings were horrible. I thought this place is supposed to be good and just because you are in the airport shouldn't mean that you should be lacking.
Come on!!!The place suffers most directly from the seeming requirement of any restaurant in an airport to make you feel like Ned Beatty in Deliverance when you are paying your bill; and this place particularly so.
Now, the food isn't that bad. It also isn't that good. I'm assuming that this particular location wasn't voted "Best Sports Bar in America" by ESPN, because it if was, ESPN's rating system blows dogs for quarters. The Crab Fries are fries with Old Bay (or a similar crab boil) and some white melted cheese, and really is pretty good. It was the best part of my meal. The rest was meh. 
The service wasn't bad, they were pleasant considering they spend every day in an airport, something 90% of the population is loathe to do once a month.
All in all - meh. Next time through, I'll probably just grab some Pretzel dogs.Service was actually great at 6:30 in the morning. All i wanted was pork roll egg and cheese! I didn't realize the Bordentown would come on a huge hoagie roll. I ended up just eating the pork roll and eggs out of the sandwich. You have to get the crabby fries. They are dusted with old bay seasoning and served with liquid white cheese dip. So good. I also had a bloody mary and in the future I would pass on it. It's loaded with old bay seasoning and I think it was overkill with the fries. I'd come back for booze and fries.Not much beats the crab fries with that amazing cheese sauce. Chicken cutlet parmigiana was decent, but it can be very cramped and hot. Service was good. Atmosphere somewhat a downer, but it is PHL airport.Very nice people with fast and friendly service and cold beer. The food is amazing. I'd recommend the salmon on brown rice. Delicious.We had some time to kill before our flight last weekend.  I heard a lot about C&P's, so was glad to see one near our gate.  The buffalo chicken sandwich sounded right up my alley.  Gal orders chicken cheesesteak.  Excellent Yeungling on tap.  My food arrives in about 4 mins.  I waited till my gal's arrived, about 4 mins later.  Mine was chilly cold.  Not "under the heatlamp", but cold.  First bite was like concrete.  I never have to send food back.  I understood that this is a bar that serves food.  Gal's chix cheesesteak was just okay.  About 8 mins later I get a new sandwich.  I couldn't even cut the chicken with the knife.  Didn't eat it.  $9 bucks?  They need a new kitchen manager.  Service was good.I have eaten here twice while at the airport. Both times i have had the bitchy bartender. She walked aways before we even finished ordering. I will not be back in, her job is to serve and apparently asking for a glass of water was too much of a chore for her. Only dine if you want a bartender with a bad attitudeDecent at best.  Service isn't great.  One of the few good places in this concourse so they know that they get a captive audience. 
Had the mozz sticks, grilled chicken salad and lobster roll... Nothing is exceptional.  Very underwhelmed :(I LOVE  Chickie's & Pete's. I hate this piece of poop Chickie's and Pete's Wanna be. The fries were OK. Not sure how the Cheesesteak was was. The waitress was inattentive, and quite frankly rude. (Maybe a Philly Thing) I ordered fries and a sandwich. They both came out, an I could not rat both. I was going to have them pack the Sandwich. Unfortunately, once I asked for the check, I did not see the waitress again. I left it. The untouched. This place has a  few not good.  Not good at all. I hope someone enjoys my sandwich.The place lures you in with TVs but the service and the food is bad. Plan to get your own menu, wait, place an order and hear about how screwed up the computer it. Beers they say are on draft are not available. My wife's order came out ten minutes before mine. My wings were late and COLD! Terrible experience!Ordered 3 cheesesteaks. 2 were wrong. Redid one & that came out wrong. And the waiter wrote down the order! Do I wait for a 3rd sandwich to be made when I just have time to change planes? WTH!?I figured that stopping into a sit-down style restaurant might be a nice change from airport fast food, and with 45 minutes to boarding, I felt I was safe. 
Well, took forever for someone to come greet me at this seat yourself establishment.
Took 35 minutes from ordering food for it to finally arrive too. Plus it was a janky looking burger, and just wasn't very good. Dry, but greasy patty. And basic AF. 
Never got a refill on my soda, and had to scarf down the burger because after all of that, I had less than 5 minutes to get to my gate for boarding. 
Serves me right I guess. But oh think they'd know better given their clientele here. I wouldn't come back.I have always loved my experience at multiple Chickie & Pete's locations throughout the city so I was happy to see a location so close to my departing gate at PHL. Walked in and was greeted by the unpersonable bartender, "Nicole R." She asked what I would like to drink and I asked for a spicy bloody mary. She proceeds to present me with a bland bloody mary, no old bay rim as other Yelp photos show, and a bottle of Frank's red hot, as if it was "Here, do it yourself."I've eaten at Chickies and Petes in the stadiums, the Packer Ave location and this location.  The best experience was at the airport.  The stadiums are a joke - $9 for soggy crab fry nubs and the chicken cutlets looked like 3 chicken tenders out of the frozen section of a super market.  I can't fairly judge the Packer Ave location bc I picked it up and the quality diminishes quickly on a 25 minute ride.  
On two separate occassions I ordered the chicken cutlet italian sandwich and crab fries from the airport location and I was impressed.  Pretty simple recipe - crispy chicken cutlet, roasted red peppers and provolone sauce.  It was executed perfectly.   I can't wait to travel again.  Btw, I ate this at 9 am the one time.  lol.  Total bossIn my opinion the overall rating of 2.5 stars is correct. I didn't have any provlem with service. I ordered a south philly which was supposed to have provolone but i was informed it was white american sauce. It came with red peppers. It was pretty bland, not much flavor at all. I have had better cheesesteaks from the local mall (outside of PA). The bread was tough to chew. Pretty disappointed for a town that is known for their cheesesteaks.This review is for the bar at the end of the A gates . Great spicy Bloody Mary with hot wing sauce!!! Raquel making killer drinks. If I have to hang in PHL again this is the bar to be at no matter what gate you leave from. Next time I'll try the food..We ate at the Terminal C location in the Philly Int'l Airport and had a really poor experience. Our server forgot about us most of the time and never checked in on us after our meal arrived (we needed refills on our drinks). The cheese on the cheese steak was disgusting. The cheese was poorly incorporated into the steak so that it was dripping all over my hands and barely stayed on the sandwich. It was just as well though, as when I did get a bite with cheese I was left with a horrible chemical after-taste. The buffalo chicken sandwich was a pile of greasy chicken fingers stuffed in a sub roll. I know it's pub food, but this was just sloppy and lazy. The onion rings were the only thing that saved this meal. They came with an awesome wasabi sauce that was very tasty. Honestly though, there are much better places to eat, even at the airport, so I recommend spending your money elsewhere.I have seldom eaten a cheese steak that was as overcooked, dry, tasteless and at the same time cold as here at Chickie's and Pete's. Service wanted to go home so they refused to make burgers an our before closing time. I ordered the  steak with provelone, it came with whizz.This review is for the stand in the airport around the Gate C area, and not the more upscale looking sit-down restaurant around the corner.
I ordered a cheesesteak, then checked Yelp reviews, which is admittedly in the wrong order. :D 
Anyway, I had a lump in my throat, as the reviews aren't very high. Thankfully, I got a delicious cheesesteak with grilled onions that was satisfying. I did not get fries or anything else with this, and it's curious that most of the other reviews I've seen seem to order mussels, chicken sandwiches, hot dogs, or tons of other things when they seem to be emphasizing cheesesteaks, but I freely admit I could be wrong, or perhaps they're talking about the restaurant around the corner. While it's not the greatest cheesesteak I've ever had, it was fresh, tasty, tasted like an actual real Philly cheesesteak, and was piping hot. The customer service was good. They forgot to give me my drink, and the person was apologetic, and immediately corrected the cashier gently, saying that drinks should be offered at time of purchase. All good.Great location at end of C terminal, but the food was hardly worth the wait.  Used to get crab fries with your breakfast sandwich, no more.  Ordered the Bordentown (pork roll, egg and cheese) and the roll was at least a day old.  It's Philadelphia for crying out loud!  If you don't have a fresh roll, don't serve it!  Thanks for kick starting my Atkins diet.Firstly, there are too many Chickie and Pete's listings in this airport. Are there really that many or did someone add extras? I defintely reviewed the C Terminal one before in another listing.
In anycase, learning from past mistakes, my experience was much better this time. I sat in the bar only section across from the "main restaurant." 
My food was mediocre last time so I BYOF'ed my own Wawa sandwich. No one cared.
The beer list was drab so I ordered wine. $6.50 for a small pour of merlot. Based on other Yelp airport reviews, that's not too shabby though I suppose.
You can't order a glass of water. You must buy a bottle. Considering I always buy one at a newstand to take on the plane, it saved me a trip.
Service was fine. The server was friendly enough and quick enough.
There was an outlet in front of me so I could charge my phone.
Chickie and Petes served it's purpose for a pre-flight watering hole and time killer.Crabbie Fries are pushed hard and have zero crab. Ok the price was $6 so I should have known. The menu has standard bar foods w nothing even interesting. Only reason it gets one star is for the yards beer!I stopped here at the airport to try to grab a quick meal before my flight. It was just a counter to order at and then wait for your food. 
I got a couple of hotdogs without the bun. I waited for almost half an hour for them to even call my name with my food. When they did, my order was wrong, so they had to remake it. 
It seemed like everyone had been waiting for a long time. I almost had to leave without my food to catch my flight because it took so long. 
The food was ok, but I wouldn't come back again because the service was so bad.I was looking for an original Philly Cheesesteak and if this is it, I haven't missed very much. The service was great but the cheesesteak was bad. Others in our group thought the burgers were good and the crab fries were adequate.Way above the quality of usual airport food, Chickie's + Pete's is authentic Philly fare - love the Cheesesteaks, Roasted Pork sandwiches - and the fries are pure decadence - and worth every calorie...Slightly better than average airport fare. My salad did contain some frozen bits of lettuce, but it was also topped with french fries. Balanced? It did the trick, and was the much needed place to sit down and zone out pre-flight.Worst chicken sandwich I've ever had in my life. Would've given it one star but the server was nice. That's about all the energy I'll give this review.ok, so i should have eaten here but didn't...so my loss...but they did have a decent pour of jameson w a water back that i enjoyed for a few minutes prior to my flight!!  will need to check out their food on my next trip to the right coast!!Decent at best.  Service isn't great.  One of the few good places in this concourse so they know that they get a captive audience.the food was tasty once they got my order correct. i was trying to be low maintenance by ordering a plain salad with the dressing and the fries. first the salad came with chicken... then it came with the wrong dressing. but once both were corrected i ate it up. the bar staff was friendly and attentive. i just wished they had a few more healthy options on the menuI heard a lot of good things about Chickie & Pete's and looked forward to trying it.  I ordered a salad for $11 and got a plate full of lettuce and 4 cherry tomatoes.  It was served with about 6 crab fries on top which were horrible and too dry to eat and the dressing was disgusting.  The menu said that the salad came with croutons and chicken, but I didn't see any on my plate.  I didn't complain, but chalked it up to a bad restaurant experience and will never go there again.Staff is completely unhelpful. Music is loud and awful. Had to leave I was never helped.The worst! Bad crab fries, bad burgers, bad value. $40+.  Burger King does a better job by 10.
You guys should concentrate on the reality of the food you serve rather than the hype. 
Never again!Food is decent, nice beer selection when available.  So happy you hired folks to hang out and talk to each other in the lounge.  Got there at shift change and I was well served by the outgoing bartender.  The women that replaced her were pathetic and I swear that I watched one of them look at herself in the mirror 6 or 7 times.  Most the women consistently ignored customers.  Pretty impressive - not.  Set some standards and get some people in that want to work in the service industry.  The guy that came in was working hard.Had a really enjoyable preflight lunch. Very fast service which is great at airport.  I liked the Italian chicken cutlet sandwich but I wish I'd known it was breaded.  Sure beats other shady airport food.I'm not sure what folks would expect out of a bar in an airport..but this place sets the bar.  (Ok, that was a horribly bad pun). 
We came in on a flight, and were delayed due to weather. We're from San Diego, so the whole "weather" thing is a bit crazy.  Water ( they call it rain in PA I guess) falls from the sky and planes can't fly.  Totally crazy, right?
So, we're stuck.  There's a lot of options, most are knocked down versions of fast food places.  We looked up this place on yelp, and it had 2.5 stars... so we thought about skipping it.  But walking by, it seemed OK, there wasn't a line and they had a good menu selection.  Took a chance - live dangerously in "weather" - I always say!  
And, don't you know, it wasn't too bad at all.  In fact, it was pretty good. Sure, the prices were a pinch high, but it's an airport, things usually are. It was insanely busy and packed inside - but we didn't wait much or long for anything, and the server was very friendly.  In fact, they had a pretty darn good salad - of all things - in the airport.Biggest rip off in the USA.  In 30 years of air travel, to almost every major city airport in the US, I have never see a bigger rip-off than the Chickie & Pete's locations in the PHL airport.  It cost me $50 for soup, salad and 2 local (not craft) draft beers.  I expected expensive, because airport restaurants are that way, but I was shocked when I got the bill at the PHL Chickie & Pete's in the C terminal of PHL.
Never, ever again and I will tell every business traveler I know about the robbery called Chickie & Pete's at PHL.
The food, who cares about the food when one person pays $50?  It would have cost less to go to Ruth Chris Steak House.
Arrive happy, leave mad.  You have been warned.I usually fly US Air in/out of Philly & I always seem to find myself going here if Sky is too packed (usually the case). 
I always sit at the bar and get a couple of pre-flight beers. The waitresses always seem pissed that I dont order food and always leave you hanging with tab & credit card in hand even after you've told them..."i'm just going to have a couple of quick beers before my flight".
Two things I've noticed: 
1) Every fruit fly in the world hold some type of lineage to this place
2) The "not so sticky" glue on Post-It notes is what the bar is made of
3) Coldest beer in the airport
Suggestions: 
1) Get rid of the fruit flies
2) Use some Lestoil on the bar
3) Sky asks the customers how much time they have to eat/drink....a very good idea
This place could be great, but the staff just doesn't seem to give a Shiite.We came here after walking and traveling all day with 6 people. With our four (loud) children, you could say we weren't the easiest customers. Our waitress was very patient and made sure we all got what we needed. Our food was amazing and I recommend you get the famous cheese sauce!!!A new twist on French Fries !
This was my first time and they were delicious!
I was expecting crab meat infused with the fries or even in the dipping sauce.
But, it was just in the seasoning.
I think I would definitely ask for the seasoning on the side for my next visit though...borderlines on a little too salty.If you're looking for a place to eat at the Philadelphia airport. Skip it. They couldn't be any slower. Turned in a review on their own website because I didn't  want to leave a bad yelp review.  The food  is really good.  I was amused by the response.  It's like their website wants  to emphasize that they don't hurry.  It's no wonder things are slow.  :). (See photo attached.). I understand they can't respond to reviews instantaneously.  But when your concern is about slow service (at an airport, where everyone is time sensitive), this is just kind of funny.  I will say the food is good here!  But you watch staff ignore customers.  Walk back and forth rather than attempt to be efficient, disappear for long periods.  The last time I was here about a month ago, 3 or 4 staff were wrapping silverware, while one person waited on tables and bartended.  People just got up and left.  Glad I'm not a shareholder.Its an airport location. What more can I say.
Service was good, the woman helping us at the bar was nice and checked on us even though the place was packed. Never felt like a burden, she checked on us to see if we needed to put in more food orders or drinks. 5 stars for her.
If you sit at the bar, there is outlets underneath where you can charge your phones, laptops, whatever device. 5 stars!! Only wish I found that prior to the last 15 minutes we were there. 
Didn't see a bathroom inside, but the airport restrooms were directly across from restaurant. 
The crab fries... NO CRAB!
My friend and I ordered, thinking it may be battered and fried crab, or have some crab. NO CRAB. A bit deceiving, but still good. For regular fries. 
I ate them and didn't complain. 
Fried shrimp was good. 
I wish I could give more stars, but honestly, i feel like it was ok.Had the crab cake sandwich. Not fully cooked. Had to send it back. Replacement still not as cooked as I would like it as still cool in centerNow that was pretty bad. I ordered a cheese steak hoagie. I was born and raised in this area, and for anything I've ever tried in the Greater Philadelphia/ South Jersey area, this was the worst I've ever had. 
The cheese was disgusting, leaving me to wonder what the hell that was. It was slopped all over the sandwich, mainly all over the outside of it, making it impossible to pick up without getting cheese-like goo all over your hands. The raw onions were oversized wedges that were so huge that I had to just pick them out... Of the cheese-like goo-slop...
This sandwich was just all wrong. 
'Miata,' my server (her name I found on my receipt) was pleasant, though.waitress was attentive and knew the menu except for telling us the onions were fried when they were really raw. the cheesesteak was OK, not anything great and the drinks were tastyIf I ever come to C&P at PHL again, someone punch me in the face. I've visited several times, forgetting the sticky bars and tables and the bad, if not non existent service. This time, aside from all the above mentioned, the "bartender", and I use the term loosely, gave my credit card to a patron sitting at the other end of the bar and of the opposite sex so I'm not even sure what to make of that. Glad at least I was paying attention.The worst experience ever. Never coming back. Wish I could give it a zero.  And they wonder why their rating sucksI always eat here when I come through this airport, even if I'm at a different gate. I get the chicken cutlet sandwich plain and dry. The chicken is very flavorful and a great consistency with no 'weird' chicken bits.
The serving of crinkle cut fries is huge. I'm not a fan of the cheese sauce.
Would be better if they had Coke instead of Pepsi, but when I get it to go I just get a Coke from Popeyes right next to here. 
When I eat in, the bartenders are prompt and friendly.In my hometown, I just received the worst fucking treatment from a restaurant ever. I'm a world traveler-80 countries. But leave it to Philadelphia to dish out the bullshit.
As a tired traveler-I sit at the only table available at a restaurant in the airport. A server walks by and I ask her if everything on the board is the same as the menu and she replies that yes it is. So I asked her for a lobster cheesesteak, and she said I couldn't sit there because it was a table for the disabled- which of course was not the answer to my question-just her attempt to point out my faux pas.
So I got up and move to an open table and then I pushed the crappy ass french fries and empty cups out of my way - food that they hadn't bussed at a high traffic location - so my girlfriend and I could sit down and eat our meal.
Instantly, some dumbass patron guy asked me if I was done with the handicap table. So I told him he's welcome to go through the same bullshit I just went through-and he started giving me shit.
We had a heated exchange where she said I miss quoted her-which is probably true-yet the tenor of her speech to me was that I couldn't sit at the first table. I remedy that by moving to another table.  And she said that with an attitude like mine she wasn't willing to take my order.
Frank Rizzo? I'll give you some fucking Frank Rizzo.
So on my way out-I told the manager-or whoever - that they just lost a customer.
So 10 minutes later I find another restaurant with the same Marquee-and they refuse me service because they said many customers at the first location said I was salty.
I wonder how this would've gone down at their Mayfair or South Philly locations?
So I do a little research into their history and culture-from Wikipedia-
"In February 2014, Chickie's & Pete's agreed to pay $8.5 million to settle both a Labor Department investigation and a lawsuit brought by current and former employees alleging wage and labor law violations. Ciarrocchi still has not apologized for stealing tips from nearly 1,200 of his employees, instead saying that he agreed to the massive settlement because "it was the right thing to do".
I see your business model-I see your culture-Chickie's and Pete's.
Philadelphia-the city that loves you back-don't let the fucking door hit you in the assWaiter was very nice and the fries were good. The other food was terrible for a sit down restaurant!Stopped in Philadelphia for a layover and stopped at Chickie's and Pete's, they have a large selection of beers on tap and in the bottle I got an IPA and a burger with no onions and fries. Our server was really nice and food came out quickly. Reasonably priced for an airport as well. The fries came with cheese sauce which I wasn't expecting but it was actually good! 
Your food is given to you in Togo boxes, really convenient when you have to hop on the flight.Worst service and food I've ever had. I was finished with my meal before anyone else got their food. Server repeatedly ignored us while taking care of other tables. For the first time in my life I left no tip. Food was burnt and not prepared as ordered. They use same sauce on everything. the crabby fries were too salty. Tasted like cheap JO  Not first time weve been here but this was lastTo see a sign out front saying world famous made us think the food would be pretty good. Not the case at all. Taste like grocery store steakums that I could make at home. To add insult to injury it's overpriced. Got the world famous steak and cheese which comes with no sides for $12. Save your money and go elsewhere!Saturday morning, September 15, and the Eagles Nation is traveling to Tampa bay from terminal C. What must you have if you're a bartender at chickie and Pete's? I would say one staple is bloody Mary mix. Chickies normal bloody Mary is phenomenal. Today, the first bartender said, "Sorry, no Bloody Mary mix. Can I get you something else?" Come on--it's 2018....you can google the recipe. Second batetender did a serviceable job for a dive bar in Margate, but frankly, for $10 a drink, it was not that serviceable. They were poorly trained, short on staff and frankly awful for the Eagles Nation! We are a championship city. Everyone needs to step up and act like it!I was browsing through best airport foods in PHL and came across this spot while waiting for my flight that boarded in a couple hours... without double checking reviews and photos here, that was my mistake. 
All the attention on the crab fries and the Crab fries don't have crab!!! Sauce was great but 100% not worth it. Just ask for a side of cheese sauce.
I got the hot shrimp dish with '12 JUMBO shrimp'. Not jumbo... normal... smaller than normal, puny. Disappointing. The seasoning in the description was apparently 'award-winning'. It tasted like dirty cold sink water + seasoning mixed together and small shrimp thrown in. Bread included was standard, the philly cheese steak bread. 
Only reason for +1 star, the garlic roast beef sandwich was above average. 
Wouldn't recommend :,,,,,,(Nasty canned cheese sauce on everything, cold and stale buns. Worst Philly cheesesteak ever. But cold beer.This is my go to place when I'm in the Philly airport! I know it's a terrible standard to say that "I've had worse", but it is true! I have never had a bad meal or service here. They are always friendly and the food has always been tasty, and the beer cold!
Keep in mind, I always get the same thing when I order here (why mess up a good thing) - their fries and then a regular (or chicken) philly. I cannot review on anything else.I stopped here for some crab fries before heading home in the airport- the smell alone was intoxicating. The fries come with two cups of cheese to dip- this is EASILY shareable for two people. Being airport food it was about $10 for the fries and a water, but so worth it. A must stop if you are grabbing some food on the go!Well, I ordered a Philly Cheesesteak sandwich with a German Wheat Beer.  The menu states that they use roast beef and while a decent portion, it was rather dry.  I used the contents of the au jus provided, which helped, but it still was very dry and without the flavor I expected.  The peppers & onions and cheese all tasted 'just okay,' and the roll seemed a bit on the dry side.  The German Wheat beer that was chosen by the server ... wasn't the best I'd ever had, but it was cold and I needed it with the food.  I didn't bother remembering the brand, as I would not get it again. 
Server was pleasant enough, and for the most part was attentive considering it was a busy airport restaurant area with I believe some marketing attached to its name of a favorite Philly spot. Somewhat more of a delay in getting my check, and paying my check, but I eventually got on my way.Stopped here on our layover and it was conveniently located right next to our boarding gate.
Sunday afternoon around 3pm, and this place was packed! It was very difficult to find a spot anywhere and after about 20 minutes, we found two empty seats up at the bar.
With how busy it is, service was very prompt. We were in Philadelphia so of course we wanted to order a Philly Cheesesteak. We ordered one to split between the two of us. My husband ordered a few beers and I had a dirty martini. The martini was good and hubby enjoyed his beers. The sandwich was nothing spectacular and I'm sure if you asked a local- they'd say it was crap. But hey- we wanted to have a Philly cheesesteak in Philly and we had to make it work as this was the only place in the airport we could find serving one. 
Overall, three stars seems fitting as the service was good, they have a full bar, but the food is nothing to be wowed on.Not a good start. Menu came quickly. Then we waited 20 min for server to come back. Our drinks came quickly after the order was finally taken. Fries came quickly....but they weren't crispy. Burgers came after a reasonable amount of time and were good, not very good. Waiting now for the check.....waiting, waiting, waiting.Honestly the biggest waste of money. I can't believe I paid $28 for some chicken wings and fries. They taste absolutely disgusting. I'm not the type to leave reviews but I definitely needed to let everyone know to not waste your money on this place.Worst place ever,the customer service the worst ignored as a customer no professional treated at the end the to go staff finish yelling at me just bc I asked to get my ticket checked avoid this place !!!!! And the food horribleGood spot for a snack or meal before your flight. They will make your selection to order. I strongly suggest you do that to make sure you get it the way to insure your meal is freshly crooked the way you want. The selections are varied and include all the local favorites. The TV's are well placed and in abundance and it's a great place to watch sports.Horrible food ! Everything was super cold, the eggs did not even have salt on it not waster your money. They charged me $9 dlls for thisLooking for a bit of quiet before boarding a flight, I settled on this restaurant. I was seated immediately. The waitresses and the bartender were busy helping customers here and there. After waiting more than five minutes. I reached out to one of the waitresses as she passed my table and she took my order. I had the tuna salad wrap. It was filling and well prepared, exactly as I would expect. The place was really busy but there was minimal wait time. I appreciated the myriad televisions available as I was able to watch a game prior to boarding my flight.I called on the phone waited 5 min the  person in the phone (Amber) hung up on me. Called back she said she didnt hear nothing then I gave her my order . Online said there was curbside Spoke with Amber she said there was no curbside they couldn't bring food outside. Please understand I had a 2yr old in these didnt care she forced me to go inside customers with no mask nothing the absolute worst location and false information there was no curbside will not return worst chickie location women needs training on how to communicateI walked upon Chickie's & Pete's at the Philly's International PHL during my layover on the way to Europe. There's a separate bar lounge across from the main location. Nice clean bar area and famous snow crabby fries.
Pretty good, although no crab of any kind found. Philly cheesestakes are obviously a highlight of the menu. French fries and sweet potato fries, too. Cheesy sauce side to dip them. Full bar, cocktails, basic wines, and a selection of beers. Pleasant servers. One couldn't ask for more.
Now, about my rating. If you start with one star and try to work your way up, it's almost an impossible task. Nobody's is ideal and things do happen, which would probably eliminate the five starred reviews all together from the face of the earth. However, would that make the world better?
So my approach is to start up top and only detract for the obvious mishaps like bad service, uneatable food, or unsanitary conditions. Which none of that would apply to my experience at Chickie's & Pete's.
Yes, I would've preferred those snowcrabby fries with real crab, but let's get realistic here. You're not at a gourmet restaurant, you're at the airport. Expecting exceptional wouldn't take you anywhere. So here you go, enjoy and cheers!My daughter vomited the entire day after a stint with their cold cheesesteak. When I brought it up to the manager 4 days later when I picked her back up from the airport. He pretty much argued with me and told me that it was impossible. 
I'm like listen... I'm not trying to tell you anything other than my 10 year old vomited the entire day after eating your food. I'm not looking for a debate.
To top it off.... The lazy waitress put her negativity in the mix and accused me of being a bad mom for not calling. 
Calling the health department when I get home.I get it, I get it - it's an airport "restaurant" therefore expectations should automatically be low. 
It wasn't too overly busy but found a table in the very back. 
Rachel was our very friendly waitress who was great at first, but then was hard to find as our stay progressed. This made it very obvious to tell when flights were landing by the ebb & flow in service. 
We started out ordering the Crab Dip & Chips but about 5 mins after we put in our order, Rachel comes back "I totally forgot that we're out of Crab Dip." 
I asked her if the crab fries were spicy, she quickly responded, "No, it's just seasoning..." Ok so we ordered to crab fries. They were spicy to me and I had to pick around the over-seasoned fries, drench them in a cooling ketchup and drink 2-3 glasses of H20.....Gee thanks Rachel. 
We waited about 15-20 mins for a Buffalo chicken cheesesteak and by then we were starting to be rushed by our departing flight. We suspect that perhaps it was forgotten and then a rush was put on it once I inquired how much longer.....or so it seemed. 
This 2-person 3 item check took 35-45 mins and at an airport terminal, this is criminal service. 
C'mon Philly, not a good way to represent. SMH.My wife and I stopped in to get a beer and some food. Yes, we understand that airport food isn't what it could be, and prices are high. 
But what we got took even us by surprise.
1. Our beers that came in a flimsy plastic cup and cost us $12 EACH.
2. My wife's food was delivered, but mine wasn't. I convinced her to start eating, thinking mine would be just moments behind. My wife actually got up and asked our waiter (who never checked on us), when my burger would be out. She was finished with her meal by the time mine came out.
3. The worst bacon cheeseburger I've ever had. Bland, poorly prepared, and the meat was raw (despite the fact that I asked for medium-well). I'm assuming they forgot about my order and then just rushed one out.
When we're back in the Philly airport we'll find ANY other place to eat and drink besides Chickie's & Pete's.Had a long flight over from Dublin. Googled restaurants at PHL and Chickie's & Pete's came up.  Sat down at a table with NO "out of service" sign.  Waitress with a black pony came by to ask if I was waiting on "take out" since the section was closed.  I let her know I sat down since there wasn't a sign.  She grabbed the sign off a nearby table and slammed it on my table and said "here you go" and walked off.  Didn't bother to direct me to an open section etc.  I asked for the manger. He advised she should have served me.  He offered an open section and thanked me for the feedback.  I declined.While on our way back home to Dallas we say this place in the airport ad decided to try them out. So glad we did. I had my first original Philly Cheesesteak. It was pretty good. The lady at the counter is awesome. She has a really great attitude. I believe her name is Asya. If you see her you will know it because she can turn any bad day around. Great food.The crab cakes were delicious. The service was good. The beer selection was decent. But the music was so loud that I couldn't relax. And when I'm traveling I really need a place to relax and not be bombarded with rock music. (I like rock, just not in an airport restaurant and so loud I can't think. My wife had to put earplugs in.)This was actually terminal E.  Charges $3 for  soft drink and offers no refills....staff dropping F bombs and s*** bombs loud in the establishment with patrons looking around in disgust... sad...go somewhere else in the terminal!!!!Oh hell no.  A typical bar looking place in the American Airlines terminal at the Philadelphia Airport, Terminal C.  I didn't like the breakfast options, all breakfast sandwiches.  So, before I turned around, I saw Lobster Roll for $18.99 on the menu.  It was only 630am, but what the heck.
There were many issues:
====================
* No melted butter, it was a lobster salad.  Okay, that's a style, but I like it second best.
* The Lobster salad was made with cheap salad dressing, not mayo.
* The lobster salad had chopped onion, and a lot of it.  Huh?
* The lobster texture not good, tough, and was from frozen.
* The lobster was chilled.
* No fries.  Pffffttt.
* The roll was impossible to pick up -- too much sauce and basically, an open faced sandwich.
* In the end, totally not what I had in mind.
The waitress/bartender never came by my area after she delivered the sandwich, and before I finished it.  Why?  Was she afraid if she asks "Is everything okay", she would get an answer she only expected?
I asked for the bill, and saw the lobster roll was on the receipt for $26.25.  Huh?  I asked to see the menu again, pointed to the $18.99 item, and was told she didn't give me that one, it was in another section.  Terrible sandwich, terrible price that put me over my breakfast expense limit. 
I don't give 1.0 star reviews too often (only 22 out of 2870 reviews), but this one is totally deserving.Just up front I am grading this review based on it being in an airport and on a curve.  You have to have appropriate expectations, and the Chickie and Pete's in the Philadelphia airport was a good place to hang out, have a beer and eat while waiting for a flight.  They have a good beer selection, service was quick and the food was decent.  I had the Italian Cutlet sandwich and crab fries.  The sandwich was good but too sloppy so I had to fork it which I don't mind.  Prices were what you would expect..  not cheap but. It offensive either.This is one of my favorite places to eat in Philly. Why? Because the atmosphere, the staff, and the crab fries! You NEED to get the sweet potato crab fries with the cinnamon dip. It literally tastes like you're eating a cinnamon bun. You will thank me later :)All you folks complaining must have either REALLY high standards for airport service, or have never visited LaGuardia... there is literally .5" room to walk, a grand total of 2 bathrooms, it smells like cheese that's been left in a hot frying pan for 4 hours on high, and the only thing you can get to eat is a stale day-old bagel with no cream cheese.
We visited the Chickie & Pete's bar at the far end of the terminal, not the main restaurant which was way too overly crowded. We sat right at the bar and were immediately greeted by a very friendly bartender who took our orders, made drinks immediately, and was quite pleasant to deal with the whole time we were there.
As far as the food, we got the #Crabfries (b/c of course), an order of cheesesticks (pass on these... meh), and some boneless buffalo wings. For starters, if you go to a C&P's and don't get Crabfries... shame on you. Seriously. You and LaGuardia deserve each other. The boneless buffalo wings were SUPERB. They were excellently fried, perfectly juicy, and large nuggets of all white-meat chicken, a little crispy, and doused in the perfect amount of buffalo sauce. Excellently spicy, and great little bites. The portions on everything were GINORMOUS. And the prices? How can you go wrong with 37 lbs of potatoes for $6 and 1,162 chicken wings for $10 AT AN AIRPORT.....
I repeat, the portions are huge, the flavors are perfection, and the prices are killer. And I would say this about any restaurant anywhere, but I'm saying it about a restaurant AT AN AIRPORT. Get over yourselves, quit your complaining, board your flight, and cross your fingers Delta doesn't lose your bags. Because quite honestly, you'd deserve it. Quit ordering Philly Cheesesteaks and seafood from an airport and just get normal barfood you idgits.
Great job Chickie & Pete's!The seafood selection are good. Wish the clams could be bigger for a clam lover guy like me.I'm not usually in Philly so this was my first time here. My sister lives around here so parents and I came here while visiting her, this was her first time coming to the restaurant too. It's a visually nice place with upstairs and downstairs bars/sitting areas in like an old townhome but not disability friendly at all. The food was okay, a little bit better than the average bar food but not by much. My favorite was the sweet potato fries with the cinnamon maple sauce - perfect salty sweet dish. The food came out at such odd times one dish at a time and it was very awkward and not ideal especially considering there was only 4 of us. It was an alright time but I don't know if we will return on future visits to the area.My best friend lives in Philly and chose Chickie's & Pete's for lunch for us during my short visit to say hi. It's very simple: seafood, burgers, salads, and beer.
A must-get are their crab fries, which are french fries sprinkled with crab/fish seasoning. We got the mixed sweet potato fries and regular potato fries and were not disappointed!
The chowder I got was very, very good but only had one lonely shrimp in it. At least the flavors were good and it was served with a huge loaf of italian bread! I got a burger, too, which was pretty awful... small, dry, and no pizzazz whatsoever.
Another reviewer put it best: Don't expect much if you go here and you won't be disappointed.Food was alright-not great.  Soup was tasty but  not hot.  Crabs were a little overcooked.  Cesar salad was very good and was a large portion.  Service was so so.  There was a big party that had 4 or 5 kids mostly under the age of 5 that they let run around and make all kinds of loud  noise.  They were in and out of the ladies room about 8 times with no supervision.  At one point a woman got up after them saying, They made me get up.  No one from the staff said anything to these people.  The children were so noisy I couldn't have a real conversation.  Was interrupted so many times by loud shrieks or screams, at times so sudden I was startled.  I'm sure these people are not there every night but if I decided to try again, I would definitely call first to make sure.Its an OK restaurant their food is sub-par at best the workers just look depressed and the environment just looks like a dive bar other than a upbeat sports bar Never would come for the food just the alcoholI went there on a date we order New England clam chowders  it was Luke warm and  we ordered the fries it was hot and good my dated also order the Fried ravioli they were also good but  I ordered the lobster roll The bread was too soggy and the lobster tough and for 20.00 I expected it to a least be fresh and delicious I will no longer go there this is not the first time I was disappointed?Great staff, good service, good prices, great food! This is the only place that I've eaten mussels that aren't chewy.  My boyfriend and I love it, it's our "Go To" place.Can't believe this is the original Chickie's & Pete's. I've been to the one in South Philly, and Parx and it was much better at those other locations. Ordered the "famous" crab fries & the cheese was watered down. We also had mussels and they didn't give us bread that usually comes with it. Such a shame if the original Chickie's are doing poor like this. The dining area wasn't even busy on a weekend. Seems more like a neighborhood bar because most of the customers are at the bar area for beers.Usually crowded, great food, great fries, experience depends upon the waitress or waiter sometimes you get a great one sometimes they are just mediocre.
Great for barfood or dinner with the family.We have been going to the Robbins Ave location for over 30 yrs.  The food was always terrific.  However, since they have expanded to many places the food is sub-par.  No taste in the mussel red sauce.  At 7:00 on a Saturday night we should have wondered why the place was empty.  We asked many people who used to be avid fans of their food and the answer was the same.  Oh well, another one bites the dustAlways great to go back to the original and see that where it all started still measures up..
Reasonable prices, cold beer and some great hard shell crabs!  Sorry I was not hungry enough to order the mussels as well but there is always next time. 
I recommend this to anyone wanting local flavor and good food.Delicious mussels and crab fries. They are known for their seafood. The sandwiches and salads are pretty horrible. Nice place to go for a beer during the game.I love Chickie's and Pete's but not this one. They crowd you in on top of one another instead of moving tables so the guess can have some room to eat and have conversations. And on top of trying to eat with the table jammed into my stomach.  
The food wasn't good like the one in South Philly and it come to us cold. I won't be going back to this C&P any more.Great atmosphere and a mixed crowd. Staff is awesome, friendly and makes you feel as though you're a regular. Food is not bad.  Crab fries are their staple. I found them to be dry. Cheese isn't bad. White pizza is just okay. Looks great but lacks the traditional full flavor of white pizza.Of course when we have a long layover in Philly we are going to hit this place up.  I get the cheesesteak and crab fries. Possibly some booze as well :) The servers are grumpy old Philly men that have a permanent frown and I highly enjoy watching them mill about. It's not too big. They have plenty of TV's to watch whatever game is on. I'll be back!Been eating at Chickies forever and it was a lot better before they expanded and went commercial. We usually come in for the white mussels which are the best mussels you can find anywhere....and crab fries obviously. 
Been in a couple times recently and the food is getting worse. We ordered some crab fries and a roast pork sandwich. Both were cold like they were just sitting in the back. The wings we got were awesome though, hot and delicious. 
The bartenders are awesome guys and always give a chilled glass for your beer.So we went there as a group of 24 and got there right when they opened. We were quickly seated and greeted by our waitress, who was extremely on the ball. She got everyone drinks and beers without any delays or assistance from other servers. The beer list is quite impressive. The decor inside is very cool for a sports bar. As for meals I ordered a buffalo chicken cheesesteak, which was disappointing in that there was practically nothing on it - I wouldn't order it again or recommend it. My wife ordered a crab cake sandwich, which was much better. In fact all the other sandwiches around me that other people ordered looked far better than mine.  Next time I would probably try the lobster roll. We also ordered the seasoned crab fries, which were good.  While all our meals came out at very different times, I can't really hold that against them when we're a party of 24.  For the kids we just ordered bar pies and chicken fingers and had them all share.  So my verdict is that I wouldn't make special trip to drive a great length to try this place, but it's decent and fun if you're in that area. Really should be 3.5 stars but I gave the edge to them.Thief! Perv!  Creep!! The owner definitely deserves to lose his shirt and All his patrons
 Stealing from his employees probably for the past decade. Imposing a "Pete's Tax" and paying servers a flat shift rate.... Bullshit
  I'll never step foot in a C&P again. 
I don't care if I'm starving and dying of thrust on boardwalk, in Mayfair or any where
 I hope all his employees, past and present get their money. Effed Up what he did and I'm glad someone had the balls to speak up!!!! We commend Youso I always hear about the Chickie's and Pete's crab fries, and I'm driving down the Blvd the other day and see them, so I decide to pull off and give them a try. I got the chicken parm sandwhich, which wasn't bad, and the crab fries, which are the most over-hyped thing in this city. There was nothing special at all about them, I've had much better french fries out of my oven, and just throwing some old bay over crinkle fries does not a legend make...-isn't it chickie's and pete's?
-saw bon jovi on oprah saying this was his fave place when in town, hadda try it, specifically mentioned crab fries
-huge!!!
-any sport fan's dream place, sports on tv every corner of your eyeball
-wait was not too long
-our service was awesome
-the food to kill for, everything we had was a hit
-crab fries were addicting, and no...they are not made from crab, just seasoning
-actually really reasonable prices
=IT PAYS TO WATCH OPRAH (which i only can if i'm home sick cuz you know, i got one of them J-O-Bs)I live in northeast philly and I stopped in to get drinks and some food for my birthday. We had Mecca as a server and she was great. She actually bought me a drink for my birthday and made my day.Was voted 2nd or 3rd best sports bar in the country. this makes sense to me.
A must eat at if in Philly. Go with what you heard - no need for me to repeat it all here.The lobster was amazing and reasonably priced.   The crab fries are addictive.   Love the placeThis is the original one and I kind of expected a little more. I had the boneless wings and crabby fries with there amazing cheese dip. The chicken was overcooked but I really like the buffalo sauce. There service was extremely lacking and the waitress was borderline rude. We actually had to get our check from the bartender because she disappeared. Solid foodThey denied multiple people from service even though their kitchen doesn't close until 12. But online it says 2 am. Maybe that should be changed instead of sending people away rudely when they drive all the way there and they can't answer phones. Bad service to say the least.A great place to go and get  greasy, and eat with reckless abandon!!!!!!!  LOL  I love their crab fries, snow crab legs, chicken fingers and shrimp!!  Getting hungry just thinking about it! lol
Great appetizers too!Family was down visiting for Christmas, so we took them out to Chickies & Petes!  This was actually the first time My husband and I had been to this specific Chickies and Petes. 
The building itself looks smaller than other chickies and petes I have been too, and it was late on the 23rd, so I was worried that we'd have a bit of a wait time for seats. There is no parking lot, so we parked on the street. Surprisingly, finding parking was not a problem, although it was packed inside the restaurant. We accidentally entered through the bar entrance, apparently the restaurant part is upstairs and the entrance to the restaurant side is on the other side of the building. 
Thankfully, after a few awkward moments of us standing there with someone underaged, the bar tender motioned us over and told us that the restaurant and table side was on the other side of the bar. We walked through the bar and were immediately met by a stewardess. She led us upstairs and got us seated instantly! Our waiter was great, he was pretty hilarious and cracking jokes all night. He was also very helpful with questions that our party had about the menu. 
One thing I noticed while we were there is that they automatically add 18% gratuity to party's of 6 or more. I was surprised only because at most restaurants it's party's of 8 or more. 
The food was amazing! Everybody loves the crabby fries and sweet potato crabby fries- my family wanted to take Chickies & Petes back home to Vermont with them!
Overall this was a great visit, amazing food with exceptional service! #AllOfTheReviewStarsI came here a few times after work with some friends to grab a bite and a few beers. this place is small but at least they have a second floor.
The crab fries are awesome, and their food is pretty decent. I have had their chicken cutlets and their roast pork sandwich. 
I'll definitely keep coming back.!!!Everything they have is super yummy! 
My personal faves are mussels in white sauce (which has huge chunks of garlic), the mixed crab fries (half regular crab fries with cheese dipping sauce and half sweet potato fries with a syrup sauce), and crab legs.
But truthfully, everything I've ever eaten from here was delish. Pizza, roast beef sandwich, buffalo chicken fingers, everything is yummy.
They have a great selection of drinks too. Nothing like a nice cold beer and crab fries.The best fries in Philly!
Always has been consistent in there service and food at all the locations that I've been to.
Highly recommended!Wings and beer....The original is the best....Robbins Ave is the best! The service is supreme.So, this place has a real special meaning to my boyfriend and I as it was the place we first met. We were in here last week, like we do pretty regularly. We go and get the same food we got the night we met, and this evening we were talking about how we could incorporate Chickie's and Pete's into our wedding. Rehearsal dinner upstairs and get them to cater our wedding. Shit went left... way left... My man noticed that a Muslim woman and her two young children, no older than 4 came in. A man who clearly worked there sat at the door and quietly told her "no Muslims." She left the establishment without a word. Meanwhile, the bartender walked to the other end of the bar and said to some guys " no napkin heads in here." My man, a soldier in the Army, looked at me and said "this isn't what I do it for." I told him we need to pay, leave, and never come back. So he paid, with his hard earned, life on the line, military dollars. He fights for the freedom in this country and a woman (whose money is as green as ours) is not able to enter this establishment and feed her children. We're incredibly disappointed and won't be back.Great place to meet friends.  Food awesome.  Make sure you go.  Saturday.  Leo the bartender. Tell him.  Lenny sent me. I guanrantee once you go there you'll keep coming back. There know for crab fries. So when your in philly. Stop bye you be glad you did.First time at the original location. Enjoyed crab fries (excellent) and buffalo cutlets (yummy!) for a 12 noon lunch date with a friend! Good service, nice place. I just wish I knew how pricey they'd be before heading there. $8 for the buffalo cutlets? Yikes. Gal pal and I split the crab fries. That cheese was just heavenly. The order of crab fries is enough for three people! I really liked the size/shape of them. They were crinkle cut fries, but not thick like you'd find in your freezer section. I like my fries soggy-ish, so it was nice having a mix of crunchy and some soggy. But oh, that cheese. 
I think if you're here at night or during a sporting event, expect it to be loud and crowded. But if you wanna check out the place and the food, come here on a weekday for lunch.there is just something about an original that can't be beat!  I love all of the things on chickies & petes menu, & they taste the best at the place where chickies & petes was born!  The crab fries, crab bisque, mussells, clams, crab legs, lobster cheesesteaks...............I could go on & on.  Bottom line, THE BEST in philly!Service was very poor. All staff members we encountered were extremely ignorant and in rush. Food was not even sub par. Can obviously tell food prep is in a rush and does not seem to care. 3 of 6 orders were wrong and not specific to what was supposed to be ordered. Prices are very expensive for "pub food". The famous fries are over rated and just loaded with a secret seasoning that is very salty. In my opinion it's just an over hyped trendy "get drunk and eat" spot. Not family oriented. Honestly I would suggest McDonalds over Chickie & Pete's!The original is definitely the best place to go.  The food is the same and the place is crowded but not like the boulevard.  Had many great family nights here, a good place to kick back and order 5 appetizers and 3 crab fries and dig in with the fam.forget everything else, go for the buffalo chicken cutlet sandwichOk so Chickie's... This location is the original bar that started it all. I Think the crab fries taste much better at this locale then say down the ballpark.  This is nothing special in terms of its charm or atmosphere because it is just a small neighborhood tavern with its regulars at the helm. If you are from jersey and want to come to chickies go to the one in south Philly. I remember driving down to this place when we were in high school and getting crab fries for ourselves and everyone back at the keg down penny pack. Good memories and great fries... Hate how they sacrificed quality for quantity of locations. I got a chicken sandwhich down at citizens bank park from them and it was like a docksider with a piece of cheese on it on a mediocre bun. The crab fries are also way to salty down at the stadium. The boulevard location in northeast philly is nice and they seem to have the best food all around. Love their dungeness crab and their mussels red with bread. Their beer is beer.Excellent service, family owned business. Loved the crab fries but a little pricey for fries with old bay seasoning and cheese sauce on the side. It was really good though. Could've done without the crab cake sandwich it was ok. The pizza is different couldn't finish it. Regardless of all of that I recommend this restaurant.Love the original location! Always the same, friendly staff, and the food is a bit better than the other locations. I like everything on the menu, but my favorites are red mussels, hot shrimp, calamari, and of course crab fries. I'm always underwhelmed by their beer list.I was here for about 2.5 hours. Ordered a buffalo chicken sandwich, it was tiny on a huge roll, I was there with 10-12 people. I ran a tab and bought two beers for 2 friends as well as my 4-5 vodka tonics. when the tab came it was 80 bucks ( that seemed really high)! I added 20 for a tip (not sure why?).
Reviewed my statement a few days later and found the $100 charge as well as a second $56.00 charge! Don't ever run a tab here.
The atmosphere is cool, food is so-so to bad and you obviously can't trust them to run a tab.Didn't really eat, because we couldn't breathe! The waitress was very long so we just excaped out the back lol Too Small!May be the dirtiest restaurant I've ever eaten in. Everything is sticky, stained and filthy. The bathrooms are even worse.I still go back to the original.  It is more quaint then the others.  The food is good depending what you like.  The service is always good.  This is not a 5 star restaurant ........this is a corner bar with good food.  I always go with friends to change it up and it never disappoints.  The upstairs is a great place to get away..........I got to know some of the staff since I've been going and they are a bunch if good people........parking is never a problem.Holy mother of fried salt. The famous fries are the saltiest thing I've ever eaten, bar none.
Otherwise, it's bar food. Service is attentive and professional (at least it was for lunch). No complaints except the beyond-salty fries. They tasted good and I ate a lot of them, I just felt like I was going to die afterward. That kind of salty.I agree with Jim S on this place , the staff also tries to shuffle you out the door before your before your done eating , sorry Pete every time I see you I tell you it's gotta change , but I guess you can't see past the greenDon't expect much if you go here and you won't be disappointed.  The place is simple....beer, fries and crabs.  Nothing about that is innovative              or cutting edge.  Mussels are really good too.  It's fries w/ Old Bay Seasoning and cheese   It is what it is.....They nailed it at the original chickies ! The saut seafood. White is just perfect !!! Plenty of shrimp clams mussels And lobster to share.  Tom and the bar staff at the old Chickie's are still serving up piping hot plates and ice cold beers for Octoberfest ! I haven't been to this place in a lon while the folks at the airport could learn a thing or two about service from these guys. Back in June when I was traveling to Orlando for my bday the wait staff at terminal D were the absolute worse I have ever had. And the bad food trailed right behind too !Place sucks !!  Overpriced everything.  I remember this place when it was the only Chickie's & Pete's around, a nice, quiet corner pub.  Suddenly, and for what ever reason, it became "all that."   Prices went off the charts.  No beer is worth the price they charge. 
Now they have additional locations.  No doubt !  It's because they are making so much money.Great seafood and staff was very attentive.  Place was clean and great sports atmosphere.Of all the C&P locations, this is by far the best.  Probably because it is the original.  Of course, the crab fries are a must if you are visiting here.  The cheese on the side is delicious & freshly made.  I also love their sandwiches, seafood, and beer towers.
They tend to bring the food out in weird times and not altogether which is strange, but that is my only "complaint."  Great spot!Ok, I'm a regular at this place. I frequent going here with my wife at least every other week. We have gone to other C&P throughout the city but this is by far our favorite. The staff here is great. The guys working the bar make you feel like a regular and are on top of your needs. Food is great. Hands down haven't had a bad experience with either the food or the staff here. We always get the mussels white and crab fries to start. Depending if it's a "snow day" ( all you can eat crab legs $35 per ) or a quick stop in we tend to stick to the same food. The tailgate burger, the little neck clams, crab bisque, etc. Everything on this menu comes out quick, hot, and delicious. The staff pays attention to you as you eat and are quick when it comes to getting you a refill, getting napkins, or just checking to make sure your happy. Beer selection here is great. Prices are reasonable. The only downfall with coming here is the seating. We were once seated next to the women's bathroom. Yea, that sucked. Hopefully this place gets the seating arrangements worked out a little better because it is a bit cramped at time. All in all its a great spot to go to. Quick service, great staff, and great food will have me coming back here.This is my favorite of all of the Chickie's & Pete's locations.  It is the original one, and has a much smaller, cozier, neighborhood bar feel than the one in south philly or on the blvd.  The food is great, and the menu is well known.  Not a huge menu, but it's a great menu becuase everything on there they do right.  LOVE the hot shrimp, mussels, crab legs, all served in a bowl with delicious sauce and fresh bread to dip in the sauce.  Of course the famous crab fries can't be missed.  Yummmm.  
Drinks are average, what you'd expect anywhere, average priced.  
The upstairs bar is without a doubt my favorite.  Thurday - Saturday Rob and Jeff run the show and they are the best bartenders in the world.  Love them!Nice neighborhood place. Bartenders were nice; kinda slow service but it's a Saturday night and all the patrons seem to be regulars so that keeps them talking. The food was delicious. Of course the famous crabby fries, buffalo wings were really great too. Drinks aren't at all strong but the nostalgia is definitely there with the Chickies and Petes name.Hit or miss with this place. First time was a charm--mussels In red sauce was "finger licking" good however...since then, the quality is horrible. The mussels are way over cooked (to the point they taste burnt and have ans deep orange tint to them) sauce is definitely not the same. The calamari---cold, stale tasting and half breaded. Ugh--now where am I gonna go for mussels.  -meh.I've been to five Chickie's and this is clearly the best one. The atmosphere is great, and either the atmosphere makes the food seem better, or the food is actually better than at the other locations. The moules white were the best we've had in a long time, and Joel hooked us up with some crunchy bread for soaking up the brothy goodness, which we really appreciated. Next time we need moules frites we know where to go!Just the kind of restaurant bar I have been looking for in the suburbs. A nice lively place with lots of scrumptious food and the crab fries are worth it!This is the absolute best chickie and Pete's by far and they are the original! I've been to the south Philly location and Roosevelt Blvd location as well but this one right here has the best service and amazing food. We live near the south Philly location but often drive up this way (due to service).
The servers and bartenders are very accommodating and even knows where we want to sit. Since we order so much food for a group of 3 adult and 1 child....the server would often give us the biggest table. 
A must try is the baby lobster tail...they are cooked to perfection and oh so scrumptious! We would order 3 orders of those since no one wants to share! 
Definitely order the clams in white sauce and the hot shrimp in spicy garlic sauce. Why am I craving these as I'm writing this review?!!! All of the yummy garlic sauces are perfect for bread dipping. 
The clams casino and crab legs are amazing too. Everything that I've mention....i would love as my last meal on Earth! That is no lie!The crab fries and cheese make this place. Its a great environment to watch a game and have things to munch on. Don't expect to have a full fancy meal. I think their crab legs are waaay over priced. The rest of the food is ok but not great. You haven't lived until you've tried the crab fries :)The food was very tasty, hands down the best sweet potato fries I have ever had!!! The calamari was crispy and perfectly fried, the boneless buffalo wings had a fantastic sauce with the perfect kick to it. The pizza we ordered was average, it was unique to see the cheese under the sauce though. The flyin' hawaiian drink was delicious and made promptly once ordered...I had to give this location only 4-stars though since we ordered the combo fries first thing and then had to ask for them a 2nd time since we hadn't received them after all our other food was relived. When they finally brought the fries they were only crab fries not the combo fries we ordered, but after pointing this out to our wonderful waitress we quickly fixed the problem.this is the original location...whoo hoo....however, this location is still majorly over priced and the food itself is only mediocre. Obviously, they're known best for their crab fries, but half the time they come out either over seasoned or under seasoned. you're lucky if they come out piping hot....more like lukewarm. I would honestly say that the only time the food is good is when you're drunk and hungry.Why do we come back to this place as if there WON'T be straight up WARTHOGS working behind the bar?! And I don't say that to physically make fun of these people. I say that because anything that remotely resembles a woman and is on their payroll, is touched inappropriately. Just foul. That classic YEAH PAL NO PROBLEM retarded Philadelphia way of speaking thinking they're cool and they got it like that (I'm from Philadelphia btw). Awful customer service each and every single time we've been in there (3 minus I wish). Don't go here. For real. F this place. Their "our place is clean certifications" have grease on their frames. Side note, my mom went to school with Pete. Place is trash and so are the workers. If you have daughters, please do not let them apply there unless you want them to experience unwanted touching.
Not sure why this isn't publicly viewable but it needs to be. The creep guys need to be exposed and the place in general isn't too clean and is overrated in general. Stay away.The Food...
Chickie's & Pete's has been serving up exceptional food for as long as I can remember - around 25 years - and most likely longer. The highlight of the menu and all-time favorite of any regular customer is the Crab Fries. Fundamentally, these are crinkly fries with old bay seasoning; however the texture of the fry, the unique ingredients in the spice, and the creamy cheese dip make these fries phenomenal and a staple side to any Chickie's & Pete's entree. What's more, whether you are ordering the Buffalo Wings or the King Crab Legs, you will find that Chickie's & Pete's has a knack for elevating basic ingredients to new heights.
Personal recommendations: Crabfries, Buffalo Chicken Wings, Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, King Crab Legs, Mussels in White Sauce w/ Bread (dip that bread!!)
The Atmosphere...
Here's the deal: the cafe location was the original, a small Philly tavern-like corner restaurant with relatively tight seating and an inviting bar with a local sports crowd. Nothing fancy. But this is where it began, this is where many Philadelphia's residents had their first crab fries, this is where you will feel the nostalgia. And props to Chickie and Pete for not trying to change a dang thing about it! Bottom line, although it may be a little cramped, it is most definitely welcoming and still doing what it does best.
The Price...
Prepare to spend $10-20/person for a meal, regardless of lunch or dinner (excluding alcoholic bevs). The food definitely fulfills the price-point.
The Service...
If anything could be improved about this particular location for Chickie's & Pete's, it is possibly the service; but even then, it really isn't all that bad. The waiters/waitresses are a little bit slow to bring out orders, and your greeting at the front door is essentially non-existent. This is not to say that the staff are unfriendly, just a little disorganized.I was told by the Uber driver to try out the Crab fries at Chickies and Petes, and I was not disappointed. The fries got a spicy cajun kick too it and once you dip it into the white creamy cheese sauce, the fries are gone in no time. They have more options on the menu, but unfortunately due to tine constraints, I only had time to try out the fries. Try out this place when you visit Philadelphia.I was first introduced to Chickie's and Pete's over the summer by some relatives, who told me that I must have the crabfries. Of course I became addicted. A short time after that, we moved quite literally two doors down, and it's always a favorite when we don't feel like cooking. I love their wings, as well as the cheesesteak and cheesesteak nachos. Our service is always great, and the food is always hot and fresh and consistent. I've heard their pizza is pretty damn good too, so I am going to try that pretty soon. 
Bottom line, if you're looking for a good place to get together with some friends, share a couple baskets of crabfries and some beer, you're in the right place!They can't be serious about $40 per person to see the fight the Mayweather fight they got to be kidding it only cost $100 to see you at home and They charge40 per person so two people that's like $80 they should be lucky the people are coming in the place to buy food and drinks because let's be  honest chickie and food is not that good and so I say good luck to the suckers to go to see the fight because I'll be home watching it for 100 bucks with food and drinks includedGreat place to watch sports game. I come here just for their crab fries! It's the best fries to eat while enjoying the game! Also I usually share mussels with my friends cus they give you a lot.
Service here is great. They always come by and check on you and see how everything is. The atmosphere is great with philly fans enjoying the same sport games as you. Definitely recommend coming here!I really just wanted some crab fries, so I called ahead to see what their wait was. They said no wait, so I figured I'd just stop by with my hubby and 2 young kids to get some. Not only was I ignored by waiters whose attention I was trying to get, but I could not find a host. When I finally did speak to a waiter to ask if I could just seat myself at an empty table (there were a few), he told me there was a host. When the host strolled in from outside, he told us there was a ten minute wait. WHAAAT?!!!! 
Oh well, we left. No crab fries today. :(I was told this was a "must try" so I stopped in recently for an early dinner. 
The crinkle cut fries are very good...very crispy and cut on the thinner side. It could have used a little more crab seasoning as you could barely taste it.
My mussels were only ok. They were very small and the "white wine sauce" basically looked and tasted like bottled Italian dressing. 
The white lobster pizza had no seasoning at all. It was a white pizza with small chunks of freshwater lobster tail that looked more like pieces of chopped shrimp. Again, no seasoning or flavor at all. Crust is thin and crispy but I was expecting the lobster to be  a little better since this place is known for seafood. 
The seafood chowder was pretty good. Had a pretty spicy kick to it.
I know people rave about this place but maybe I didn't order the right things.Best spot to have a few drinks and of course, crab fries, lobster pie and mussels! Great atmosphere every time you go!My first encounter with Chickie and Pete's was at a sporting event. I never knew they had a stand alone restaurant right up the street from my boyfriends house. We went one night for a quick dinner. Wait staff was friendly and the food, I ordered the crab fries, which were delicious. Next time we go ill be sure to try other menu itemsOk we went to take my mother in law the server he never said his name when we finish was 173.00 that ok the problem is when he bring the change he just wait 4 min and come back and take the money from the table he don't ask nothing just take the money and I said hey noo and I give in $10 dollar he count the money y through in table and said no you can keep lol that suck because he's attitude no deserve nothing he supposed wait we left and see if we leave a tip. 
And he staring said how's the service how's was a bad experience. Obviously if he don't put his hand in our money we left considering tips but his action no deserves nothing. So that the first time and last in this locationLove,love,love! I grew up going here and my whole family enjoys this place. My dad goes in to the bar every once in awhile and just has some apps and beer. When my boyfriend and I go we have to order so much because I can't pick one thing. Shrimp cocktail,mussels,calamari and of course old bay fries with extra cheese. Family tradition is Dungeness crabs for the holidays.Fast service this wasy second time here and I still love it. Great food great people and I love the decor.  The guy even remembered my order from the first time I was there. Places like this make me miss loving in this wonderful city!Was in Philly for the 4th of July and my group and I wanted some real Philly food. This was the first place that came to mind. As usual the food was great! My cousin had the cheesesteak and loved it. The server suggested the shrimp tacos so I tried them and they were delicious, so flavorful! I really like their broad selection of beers. Of course, no meal is complete without their famous crab fries! Those went really fast once they hit the table. The people there are really friendly and make you feel at home. I only wish the bathroom was more comfortable. Other than that, everything is great. It's a great place to bring people who are new to Philly.ALWAYS love this place. Super casual restaurant and sports bar with killer seafood. I love the mini lobster tails and even their lobster cheesesteak. But my favorite, by far, are their lobster rolls. I order it with a full bed of the arugula (instead of the small side it comes with). Probably the best lobster rolls in Philly next to Lukes.This establishment needs to practice better hygiene and cleanliness, 
They handle food with out gloves , while also taking money , serving drinks etc ... 
ordered crabs and fries that came with bread 
We didn't want the bread , so instead of tossing the bread , it was given to other customers , totally disgusting ... never again will I eat here !Always a great place to stop in to have a beer and some "crabby fries". Staff is super friendly and it's a cool little place to just hang out.First time to ever come to a Chickie's and Pete's and will more than likely be the last. I like to give places a few tries if they mess it up every now and again. This place screwed it all up first go around. The waitress literally would go missing in action. We saw her when she brought our waters and when she dropped the bill off, that's it. A runner brought the food and she never came by to see how we were doing and never once received a refill after consuming the crab fries. Food came out out of order. My girlfriend ordered food that she didn't like, but never got to let the waitress know because she never came by the table. I'm sure there were managers around, but we didn't see anyone checking on tables or portrayed being a manger, so we must've been in the wrong area --- not sure. Anyways, it was a terrible choice and I'll chalk it up to a loss.