Very dissapointed at the amount of food at the table. As a scholar of Latin dishes, Garces would expect to have some sort of understanding about the Peruvian culture. We eat in quantity. Granted, the scallion pancakes were good. The ceviche was good, up to par with other ceviches in NYC, but smaller.
If you enjoy the decor of food, you will enjoy Chifa. I never understood people who likes this sort of artistic value. I rather eat my food than watch it gracefully. Quail eggs? Really? There are numerous authentic Peruvian restaurants in North Philly that are cheaper and carry a bigger selection. Don't be scared students, traveling north is not a death sentence.Went here for NYE, I was equally impressed by the friendly staff, AWESOME FOOD, and tasty drinks. Both ceviches we had were excellent, crab empanadas were AMAZING. Our desert was an outstanding chocolate mousse topped with tapioca pearls and coconut shavings. 
The atmosphere is  warm, pleasant, and classy without being pretentious.
I don't know why so many reviews give only four stars without mentioning anything that Chifa could improve on. I myself think this place is a great way to spend a classy evening.Garces does it again! I was disappointed by the absurdly small size of the Congee. When's the last time you had a rice dish that was lacking in the rice department? I like small dishes when they are brought out 2 or 3 at a time, but we had to wait after each of 5 dishes. To make matters worse we were constantly interrupted by the waiters and staff. The house pan, Pork belly buns, cod, and the lomo saltado were superb.Went here for restaurant week, and it was probably one of the top five dinners I've ever had.
The duck tacos were freaking unreal - I didn't know duck could taste this good! I don't know what price range this place is usually at, but for restaurant week, this was a steal.Great cuisine and a nice vibe going on  The Tapas dishes are all pretty unique  I have never had bread with this unique texture. The Scallops, Thai Sausage, Fries, Pork were all great . Each dish has a unique taste  The 5 stars are a little generous but it closer to a 5 than a 4.Food is interesting and delicious.  It was a great place to go with friends and share all the different dishes that you order on the lazy-susan style platter.CHIFA has a really interesting and well-executed fusion cuisine, and the food is delicious. The small plate style of dining allowed 4 people to taste a little of many dishes, and although I'm not a curry fan, the curry dish I tasted there was amazing. We all left very satisfied and full. This place is pricey...no getting around that fact. But we liked the food, service was attentive and friendly, and the chicken dish alone is worth returning for, just delicious.I have been to Peru, Spain, Mexico & Dominican Republic and have sampled the high-end cuisine in Lima (Astrid & Gaston), Cuzco, Madrid & Cozumel. Based on my experience with the authenticity of this food genre it was sub par. Still good, however, for those that cannot tell the difference. I am a huge fan of Garces & his work but this restaurant just did not live up to the high expectations of Amada or Tinto quality. Restaurant week is a good time to visit because I could not imagine paying any more than we did during restaurant week.A beautiful, more flashy Garces restaurant that fuses very different cultures in Chinese and Latin flavors but Chifa works out nicely. The food is not mind blowing but it is presented artistically and the combinations are interesting. You have your pork buns and shrimp rolls that seem Asian but little Peruvian tweaks and influences make them their own. The coconut panna cotta for dessert is quite a nice way to end out the meal. Prices are on the higher end so it seems to be over priced for "Chinese food" and "Mexican food" but I guess you should get some credit for putting both together in a rational fashion.A big disappoint from the moment we walked in. The hostess was not friendly and when we check on the status of our table, they were rude. Once we sat down, we were in the basement which reminded me of lots of post office boxes all around. The tables were very close together. You can hear your neighbors conversation, even if you didn't want to.
Once we order, the cold entree came quickly, than we waited a very long time for the hot ones to come. The Kobe beef and ceviche we very good, but the other dishes( red curry, octopus, lobster bowl) were just average.
I would recommend Amada, but not sure about this one!Uggh what a disaster!! 3 is being generous but it was restaurant week  which can turn even the best restaurants into culinary nightmares..Is Chef Garces aware of the mediocre (at best) food being churned out at Chifa??
   We had a whole series of disasterous asian appetizers including Vietnamese Spring Roll- nothing fresh or spring like about it- super deep fried..Chicken wings (also very fried although tasty), peruvian ceviche (made with mealy fish which was unfortunately very fishy), chaufa (greasy), and red curry (a messy interpretation of the beloved thai red curry with a whole lot of things drowning in curry sauce). 
   The only redeeming item on the menu was the pork belly buns, which was a deconstructed version of pork belly buns and absolutely delicious. The whole meal was a disappointment, especially since I love garces' other restaurant ventures. I'm blaming restaurant week!!Maybe something was wrong the night I dined here - I don't know, someone let too many less-than-perfect dishes leave the kitchen that night - but it was enough to convince me never to go back. We called here because Tinto was full, and Tinto recommended Chifa, so we thought, what could possibly go wrong? 
I will say the drinks were great. They even make a Pisco Sour. 
But the food...there was something drastically wrong with every dish. Either too bland, or a little overcooked, or just rubbery. And I'm really not a picky eater. There was one really funny moment when my girlfriend and I were chewing on a piece of seafood for a good 3-4 minutes each. Seriously. It made for some laughs, but not for a good meal. 
We left hungry - not because I didn't order enough, but because we didn't want to eat it. The decor and atmosphere is great, but couldn't make up for it.I went to dinner here last night, not realizing it was restaurant week. It turned out to be okay because many of the dishes we wanted to eat were on the restaurant week menu. The whole experience felt very rushed, probably because they needed to turn over the tables quickly. When we ordered, our server told us the dishes would come out as they were ready. I assumed this meant some would come out later, some would come earlier. This was not the case. The food essentially came out all at the same time. The table was filled with their small dishes, and we were forced to eat them quickly before they became cold. Overall, the food was tasty, the service rushed, and the atmosphere busy. I'm glad I had the opportunity to go here, but I probably will not be back. Only because there are so many other great restaurants I want to try!This place has amazing food.  You must try the pork bao buns, like everyone says, they truly are great!  I've been to a few of Jose Garces' restaurants and none of them have disappointed me.  If you can, try to sit in the back since the booths back there are a little more intimate and personal.  Although, the decor closer to the front is very nice.   Whenever I have gone there, there is always someone who is very diligent about keeping your water glass filled, which is nice since I like to drink a lot of water with my meals regardless of whether I get a drink or not.  Their wine list is also very nice.  I can't remember what I've gotten there, but it was very good.  I think it was from Chile or Argentina.
I also recommend the parking garage at 8th and Chestnut.  They are quite reasonable even on the weekends.  I don't think you'll pay more than $10 which is pretty good for the city.  Also less than a block from Chifa!Little differs between Chifa during restaurant week and Chifa during the rest of the year. The same great tasting food, awesome service, and cool ambiance. However, I was disappointed to find that the complimentary bread and plate specials were not available during RW. Actually, that's an understatement. I was super bummed/utterly devastated! Yet, I managed. :) The food and service were still on point- maybe even coming out a bit too quick.
Hits: crab empanada, chupe
Misses: scallion pancakes (too thick/dough-y), aji gallina
I just wanted to give Chifa props (yes, I still give out props like it's 1999) for having outstanding food and service during the uber-busy RW. I've had some subpar experiences before and have always chalked it up to RW's hectic schedule/cheaper menu. Chifa proves RW is not a good enough excuse. Well done and I will be coming back for sure!3.5 stars
The place is pretty good but agree with Esther C. in that it is overrated compared to Garces' other restaurants. And it was EXPENSIVE - for Chinese (ok fine, Peruvian/Cantonese...but still)!!
The goods: Pork belly buns, duck taco, empanada, red curry (essential to get if you are dining with a big group...this is a pretty large portion), smoked pork (HUGE portion, also good for a big group)
The oks: Chifa chicken (overpriced for what you get), mussels (nothing special/noteworthy), ceviche
If my parents/in-laws found out what we ate and subsequently paid, they may quite possibly disown us. All-in-all, it was ok but I won't go back anytime soon.Chifa has been on my short list of restaurants to patronize for some time.  I've dined at Distrito, whiskey Village, and Amada by Garces several times, but never here.
I brought my gf for her birthday and we started out at the bar.  The bartender was a complete, inattentive space cadet.  I don't know about you, but when I sit at a bar, its because I'm thirsty and want a drink immediately!  A wine and a beer at $19 plus tip is pretty expensive!  However, the evening got better.
After consulting the hostess' seating chart, we selected the best table available.  We didn't want to sit in between romantic couples #1 and #2, and we wanted to avoid crying and food slinging baby accompanied by new parents.
Our waitress was busy but was nice.  I'm not that blind but had a hard time reading the menu's fine print in the low light.  She actually brought me far-sighted, lost and found glasses that allowed me to read the menu when she noticed I was struggling to read it!  They looked great on me and I almost left with them!
We opted for the $65/person chef tasting.  I think we received 15-16 plates in total, including a main entree of a roasted pig shoulder.  Each dish was excellent!
Our server also noted that it was my gf's b-day and brought a candle on our dessert plate.  I'll definitely frequent this place again.Tasting menu was the best meal I've ever eaten. Pork shoulder was crazy good pulled apart on tortillas with wasabi slaw. Pork belly sliders were fantastic. Loved the atmosphere. As good of service that I've ever had. Sad it closed.The service at Chifa is AMAZING. They train their servers amazingly well and these people have PERSONALITY! Every person that either bussed, waited, or stopped by our table KNEW every item on the menu, what it was, how it tasted, what it compared to.. I mean, for a place like this, that comfort level is definitely needed since you're pretty much experimenting on everything. 
The atmosphere is so enchanting. A beautiful place to just sit and relax with many different vibes going on. The first section is a "date" section, perfect for 2 people seating with alot of room to fit a great amount of couples. You can easily miss the decor and detail here, but it is gorgeous. The back section has THE most comfortable booths surrounding the two walls, with pillows that were right on time.. I was so stuff, I needed a nap! ha! There are also "private" sections in the corners with round tables for big parties. Between the booth section were 2 LARGE tables for 2 LARGE party seating. Downstairs (which we didn't visit) was the lounge/dance on certain nights/private party area.
THE FOOD WAS AMAZING! Everything was delicious. DO NOT take a picky eater here. You must experience everything! To help you accomplish your sampling of the vast menu, the small/sharing plate services is a great idea. The prices are low so that you can order a multitude of items. I think we ate half the menu lol. 
To start we had Ceviche - Hiramasa, then Ceviche - Peruvian. We loved the Hiramasa so much, we ordered another; the fish was SO tender, SO fresh!
The Kobe Lettuce Wraps do not even compare to PF Changs. These are on a COMPLETELY different playing field. MY GOODNESS what a TENDER Kobe!
The Beef w/ Noodles was good. My "least" favorite, but that is still far higher on a scale than any other food lol
Chaufa w/ Rice was amazing.. The scallops were seasoned so perfect.. The taste just HIT your tongue in one shock. The scallops literally MELTED in your mouth; no chewing required
I have NEVER tasted chicken, in all my LIFE, like the Chifa Chicken. If you DID decide to bring a picker eater? ORDER THIS! They'll eat it, LOVE it, and think this is the best restaurant EVER! It was as smooth as butter and again, melted on your tongue. Melissa, our waitress, said that they prepare it for FIFTY-TWO HOURS!!! 52?!?!?! Some serious love and care there!
The Wagyu Skirt... The Wagyu Skirt.. The Wagyu Skirt... **sigh**.. I fell in love at first bite... tender.. I didn't want the chewing to stop!!
Rack of Lamb was another GREAT choice! The lamb was again, tender, melted on tongue, sang lovely songs IN MY BELLY!!
DESSERT
We tried 3.
Hazelnut Mocha.. tasted like someone took an exquisite cup of coffee and poured it on a plate with some chocolate.. MY GOODNESS, this was good. JUST the right size for 1 person.
Passion Fruit and Coconut.. the flavors were SO bold and worked SO well with one another. Another SIZED JUST RIGHT dessert.
Green Tea and Melon was HUMONGOUS!   This was a subtle DELICIOUS cake that ended the meal PERFECTLY. With a cup of the Tropical Green Tea? HEAVEN. The Honeydew glaze was a nice addition to the plate!
Presentation  A+
Service A+
Atmosphere A- (started to get really loud by 8pm)
Food A+
I thoroughly enjoyed my night at Chifa!
http://www.chifarestaurant.comOk, so finally I did get to come here for dinner and it was just meh.
I wish they would really get rid of the tables in the middle of the room, the big rectangular ones.  They just are not good dining tables - way too big, guests are seated way too far apart.  Well, our reservation for our group of 5 was seated there.
We requested another table and eventually after standing around in the bar for a while, we got one of the corner round ones, which was finally appropriately sized.
The food... it was really hit or miss.  A few of the dishes were plain Chinese food.  This place is Peruvian Chinese so that's a given, except for other places in Chinatown made the Chinese staples much, much better and for less than half the price..  Like the scallion pancakes and the pork buns (which I didn't have, but other diners did).  
Everything was really small like Amada, except not everything was good.
They do have a couple of larger dishes, so size-wise, the experience was much like Distrito.  
The service was really iffy too. Sometimes the waiters would be really attentive, other times, could not be found for 10 minutes at a time.
Guess I'll stick with lunch, where the portions seem more reasonable for the meal.I highly recommend this restaurant! The service was excellent, I was seated right on time, and the food was superb! The restaurant had a very relaxed, hip vibe and, though the seating was a little close together, noise isn't at a fever pitch. 
You must try the pork belly bao buns- moist and full of flavor. The Nikkei style ceviche was good, but I feel as though you could get ceviche of similar quality somewhere else. I'd recommend ordering something else. The rack of lamb was divine- I don't think I've ever liked quinoa more! I'd also recommend the red curry. It has a lot of spice and cream to it and the crab meat takes the dish to another level. Though the dishes are served "tapas" style, I think the dishes are larger than one would expect- don't order too much up front. 
As for the drinks, I had one of their specials that was a twist on their "Diego Vega" and it was subtle, expertly mixed, and very interesting. I'd recommend trying whatever they have that night.FINALLY! I've been meaning to go to Chifa for the longest time. My boyfriend and I went last night for Restaurant Week which was a set $35 per person. 
1st courses:
Pork Belly Bao Buns: I HAD to get the pork buns because almost all of the yelp reviews recommend them! The dish came with 2 buns. The togarashi mayo added an extra oomph, and the pickled daikon and carrots countered the sweetness of the sauces. The pork belly wasn't as succulent as I expected. The buns were light and fluffy unlike the traditional denser ones.
Aji De Gallina Wonton: These wontons were good but not spectacular. The wonton skin was fried (can't go wrong there). The filling was braised chicken (moist), walnuts (couldn't really taste them), and purple olives (not overpowering). The sweet chili sauce on top gave it a nice kick. 
Ecuadorian Ceviche: This ceviche had raw shrimp with zesty tomato sauce. It was light and refreshing.
Peruvian Ceviche: One of the best ceviches I've had - the salmon was silky, the rocoto aioli was spicy, the sweet potato ribbon, mote, and pickled onions provided an interesting play of textures. Together, the ingredients married together in perfect harmony. 
2nd courses:
Vegetarian Curry: I didn't try this dish because it was too spicy for me but here's my boyfriend's description: "Think about the most delicious curry you've ever had. Let's suppose there was one ingredient that could make it even better. Well, this curry had it. It's creamy, spicy, and full of vegetables."
Braised Beef Short Rib and Taro Puff:  OMG SO GOOD. I'm a sucker for all things fried. The beef short rib was so moist, and the taro exterior was fried, salty, and heavenly. 
Bbq Pork Ribs: I wasn't wowed by the ribs. While the pork was fall-off-bone tender, the korean bbq sauce was just ok. However, the pickled daikon was the perfect match to the sweetness of the meat. 
Chifa Mussels: The mussels were sizable and perfectly cooked. The broth was creamy with hints of lemongrass and coconut - it really made the dish amazing. There were 3 pieces of toast to soak up the broth.
Desserts:
Bien Me Sabe: This was coconut cake topped with guava ice cream. This dessert was alright.
Suspiro: The lemon custard and meringue was good, but not much to mention beyond that.
The service was excellent - our waitress was very nice and attentive. Chifa played Latin background music, which further tied in the Latin culture. Pair that with the Asian themed decor, and the dinner was the epitome of Asian and Latin fusion.Does anyone else find Jose Garces' food to be really salty? That's generally what I thought of Distrito, Amada and now Chifa. Service was freakishly slow, they weren't even packed! The food presentation was beautiful (pics to follow). There were many mishaps in the kitchen that were in my favor so I had to give this place a 4 star rating. [1]
Came here for a birthday and had reservations for 8:30; was not seated until 9. I was annoyed but made it through by hanging out at the bar and doing some walk-bys of other people's tables [2]. I had the Tangerine Ginger Caipirnha which tasted like orange juice; and the Pisco Sour, which was a little bigger than a shot glass. The menu has this drink listed as $6 and for a double ($12) you can have it in a martini glass. Why not just make it a double and list it as a regular drink for $12?
They seated us downstairs, which reminded me of a bank safe. The décor resembled safety deposit boxes; I had to fight the urge to pull on all the rings!
For appetizers we had the:
- Chu-toro, I'd skip this, tuna isn't fresh and is merely bite sized
- Oyster, it's like an oyster shooter for giants.
- Duck Ceviche
- Duck Wonton Soup, duck was so flavorful... I don't even like duck!
- Desayuno, looked like a glorified egg McMuffin, and tasted like one.
- BBQ Ribs, it was really sweet and no bones.
Dinner
- Lobster noodles, similar to a cheesy fettuccine carbonara with lots of lobster
- Caufa Rice, scallops were really salty
- Chifa Chicken, PERFECTLY cooked and flavorful. The chicken boobie was juicy and tender
- Grilled Adobo NY strip, probably not worth $55 but the fries on this is amazing 
- Chupe, the sauce tastes the same as the lobster noodles.
- Rack of Lamb
Dessert
- Flexible chocolate, the flavors did NOT go together. Was it chocolate pudding, mousse? What was it? It was sandwiched with some rice krispies, chocolate ice cream and mango sorbet. Yeah, weird! It was a friend's birthday, so we had to get a dessert. I informed the waitress and she said that she would bring out a candle but she forgot. =(
[1]So I came here with a party of 4. There was a substantial amount of time that passed between the appetizers and dinner items. We did not order the duck wonton soup and the chifa chicken. We informed them that we did not order these and they said it was "on the house". After we finished our dinner items, we sat around and all this food started to re-appear on our table! Someone screwed up and they brought out ALL the dinner items out again!! When we told them of their mistake, they said it was "on the house". UMMM GUESS WHAT'S FOR DINNER TONIGHT?
 [2] Deep apologizes if you saw a creepy little Asian girl staring at you. I promise I was staring at the food on your table.Delicious!
We have been to Peru before, and when we saw the name of the restaurant, we started to drool. I must say that my Pisco Sour was delicious, and transported me back to Miraflores in Lima... Ahhhh, good times, good times...
The space is quaint, and very enjoyable, and our waitress was kind and very helpful. In terms of a Garces restaurant, this place also delivered. Yes, it is not cheap, but we felt that we received a good value for the money spent.
As others have alluded to, it's sort of a "tapas" concept here - small dishes, and lots of flavor! We visited in November 2012, and we loved every single thing we ate there. The lomo saltado and pulpo (octopus) stood out as absolute highlights, as one might expect from a place taking its' lead from Peru...
The rest of the dishes have changed since we visited, but I would not hesitate to return here and enjoy some new ones. I will probably do the tasting then!
Will DEFINITELY be back!
Tip: Try the Inigo Montoya - tequila, passion fruit, and thai chilies... impressed my wife, and she hates liquor! She ordered two of them!I really have fallen head over heals for Mr. Garces after a few lovely occasions at Distrito.  We went late last Friday night and just made our way through the menu. It's Peruvian tapas, which just sounds fantastic, right? And like a lot of the other reviews mentioned, some items on the menu are exceptional. And others are way at the other end of the spectrum. Almost as if there are two head chefs out there and one is the cool, hot, older brother turning out pure deliciousness. And the other one is a jerk and no one likes him. 
But onto the food. Here's our road map of what was AWESOME. And not. 
Complimentary bread balls - worth going for these and these alone. O wow, just give me one right now to put in my mouth. 
Crab empanada - safe and tasty. The boy didn't love it because the crab meat was a little on the fishy side, but its all sorts of crispy goodness otherwise.
Pork Belly on some sort of floating-on-air bun: these were delicious and juicy.
Duck Ceviche: Yum yum yum yum. 4 little spoons of ceviche and tastiness.
Potato thingy: good, but not nearly enough for the price
Beef thingy: beef was great - well seasoned and very flavorful, but the mess of veggies and sauce it was sitting on (were those fries in with my veggie mix? Yes, yes it was) was nothing special. 
There's something else we had that was...obviously forgettable. At the end of the night, the bill didn't overwhelm, but neither did the food. We'll go back, but we have some other Garces' to hit up first. 
3 1/2 stars please.Loved the ambience, the drinks and the food! We had a couple of their cocktails. I personally liked the spicy one. For starters, we had the pork buns and the empanadas. The pork buns were delish, the empanadas were ok. For the main course, we had the 5 spice pork and the oxtail chaufa..I cannot tell u how GOOD the 5 spice pork was..u have to go and try it to know what im talking about..comes with 4-5 sauces and a few small tortilla like things. the oxtail rice was also amazing. Our server was very attentive and explained the portions and the options very well. I would definitelty return or recommend to anyone for a fun evening!Garces is a genius, but once again, it's hard to enjoy his restaurants after the check comes. Enter the "Express Lunch". For $12.50, you can get an app and entrée of this delicious Latin cuisine. Oh, wow. I just checked the website and they raised the price to $14. Unbelievable!! I have been going here since they opened and have found it harder to return based on the prices rising alone. The food is definitely good, but how can I validate paying more for what I just received last week for less? Sigh.
I'll at least say that the BBQ ribs app is really good- the sauce especially (and it was once part of the express lunch until I guess they figured out that they could charge more for it). My favorites are the solterito salad (edamame/cheese/tomato combo is fresh and inviting),  and the red curry (coconut, jasmine rice, eggplant & tofu).
The decor is awesome. Blue china vases on the walls. Curtains separating every two-or-so tables add to an optional intimate experience. Ample seating for large parties. It's gorgeous. The staff are trained and impeccable at their jobs. The beer list is great.The ceviche is to die for. I got this hen entree, it was perfectly cooked, it comes with two different sauces, 1 was delicious, the other sauce was bad. The price is kinda expensive but what do you expect from a Starr restaurant.Great place. Fun vibe, excellent service and really good unique food. Done small plates style my hubby and I ordered 6 dishes. Our favorites were the perky toe crab empanadas and the ribs (yum). We also appreciated how they brought each dish out one at a time piping hot so everything was paced nicely. Drink menu was also great and I really enjoyed and enjoyed their sangria and dessert was perfect. We will definitely be back.Before making your reservation at Chifa, take a moment to consider whether you want to sleep with whoever's going to dinner with you. If yes, ask for the slinky back room (it's foxy back there); if no, sit in the front, in the light of day, where no one would expect an orgy to occur.
There's a (not so) secret vegetarian menu, so ask for it if you're not eating animals. I kind of love having a separate, special menu; it makes me feel more like a member of a cool secret club and less like a weirdo inconvenience to chefs who'd rather be cooking pork belly and octopi. Also, options! So nice to have options. Garces takes good care of his herbivores.
Tofu belly buns (...where is a tofu's belly, anyway?) have a delightful mixture of doughy, sweet, spicy and acidic flavors (the pickled stuff really sets off the hoisin glazed tofu nicely). I slurped every last drop of the super-savory mushroom udon, and I don't even like mushrooms. Dessert was less thrilling: a lemon custard that had started to separate (topped by a perfect meringue, though) and a few bites of my friend's sweet but unexciting flourless chocolate thing and ice cream. And a really good cup of coffee. Can't wait to go back!Went for dinner on 3/3/12.  We had the Chef's tasting menu.  I am so glad to have done this as I did not know what to order.  We have 7 courses, all of which were amazing, flavorful, and the service was excellent.
A must for a serious dinner.I am originally from Peru and was looking forward to this restaurant in spite of the mixed reviews I had received.  Yes, the dishes offered had similar names to some traditional Peruvian dishes but had nothing to to with the original ones...and also  I found food to be extremely greasy.  More than fusion, this kind of food is described in the gourmet world as "deconstructed" : the same ingredients of the original dishes are used in a completely free and different way thus not achieving the same result.
No problem with Mr. Garces' interpretation but then maybe he should not make any reference to the well known quality of Peruvian food to attract clients.  
The decoration was ok, service could be improved.  I was disappointed.WOW. This place is freaking amazing. If you can come here with unlimited funds (or on a gift card, the way I did), your mind will be blown. Chifa's focus is a pretty interesting take on the Chinese culture that pervades sections of Peru. Thus, the food is a kind of hybrid between Asian and Latin flavors. 
My wife and I had reservations to come here for Valentine's Day. Upon checking in at the waitress station, we began the long journey to our table. The space is deceptively cavernous, included a downstairs area, where we were eventually seated.
Our waitress was super nice and very helpful. I started off with a crazy passion fruit, ginger, and hot chili drink. It was unbelievable. In ordering our food, we wanted to try the $45 tasting menu, but my wife doesn't eat any seafood. So we thought that it would be right out. But after explaining this to the waitress, she cheerily said that it would be no problem to do the tasting menu with only meat and vegetarian dishes, no seafood. So we went with it. 
Good news: the tasting menu is delicious and endless. Bad news: the tasting menu is delicious and endless. Apparently, it contains 9 or 10 dishes chosen by the chef. We both loved how adventurous it was not to know what was coming out of the kitchen, and all of the food was amazing. But by plate 6 or so, we were super full and ended up taking much of our food home.
NOTE: be sure to try to pork bao buns. They were the star of the show.
So we loved everything about Chifa, but be forewarned that: 1) it's a little pricey, and 2) the tasting menu is a ton of food. On the upside, you would look totally awesome warming up 6 different tapas in the work microwave for lunch the next day.Had a superb meal here over the 4th of July weekend. The restaurant was mostly empty, which worried us a bit at the beginning, but when the food started coming out, we were totally reassured. The food was fabulous! The little bites (eg, the pork buns) were very nice, and the lobster bowl and thai curry were superb. Probably the best lobster sauce I've had in years -- maybe ever.It's a Garces spot so its great and expensive right? Mostly. But the happy hour here is a well-kept secret that will keep you well-fed and your wallet fatter than if you come for dinner. They feature a specialty drink--often the delicious and spicy passion fruit  margarita, the Inego Montoya--and a beer or wine for $6. Plus they have a happy hour menu of apps which let you preview a dish for less. Granted portions are smaller but certain ones are more filling that others (the excellent bao buns, the chaufa AKA mango fried rice, eg). Ask for the special bread which is actually a manchego puff which comes with transcendent guava sauce and generally you can get a basket for free. If you go for dinner, bring your gold card, or an expense account if you can. Otherwise, suck it up and enjoy this sexy, tasty, romantic spot.Actually 2.5 
Having been to other garces restaurants this one just fell short for me. We were sat in the basement and there was a bright light like a spotlight on my face. Not romantic!! Duck tacos were delicious but shrimp noodle bowl was way too similar to velveeta shells and cheese so not what I was expecting! Ew. There are much better restaurants at this price point!!!Went for an excellent anniversary dinner--this seems like a great spot for a bit of an occasion.  The atmosphere was good, a bit on the noisy side (though not bad for a Friday night) and we were happy we had reservations.  Pork belly bao was good, the meat a little drier than we expected but the bun excellent.  Crab salad was excellent, nice flavor, beautiful presentation.  Peruvian ceviche was superb, served with a lovely side of cornnuts.  The highlight was a rack of lamb, with a chorizo and rice accompaniemtn; the lamb was superb, the chorizo a bit salty.  For dessert we shared a coconut cake that was also a bit salty--and comped when we mentioned it to the server.  So a big thumbs up for the service.  Drinks were also great.Only $14 for the express lunch! It includes your choice of salad or pho and then an entree. But I also got a glass of sangria, which made it about a $30 lunch for me. I went with the solterito salad, a great use of edamame with the plantain chips adding a bit of a crunch. The pork belly banh mi was very tasty, and the spicy mayo give it that extra punch. One of the better Vietnamese sandwiches I've had. It came with a little bowl of fries slightly immersed in some type of pesto sauce and then topped with a yummy cheese sauce. Also enjoyed the decor of the restaurant, and the service was great!My sister and I go to Philly often, and we make sure to stop here! 
This is the MUST EAT spot in Philadelphia. You get the best chicken (Chifa Chicken) in the world - trust me, I have done some heavy traveling. The people who work there are not so nice, but the food is just to die for. Try three to four different plates and share with your friends. We also LOVE their cocktails. Sangria is my favorite because it's refreshing and cheap! :)I've been such a stalker of Yelp. I lurked and studied, plotted and planned but never really got down to reviewing until this rainy day when I had nuthin but time to think back on so many of the great Philly restaurants I've meant to ramble about.
We went to Chifa for the first time just recently and I have to admit that reading so many mixed reviews I didn't have the highest of expectations. My excitement was guarded, ya know? Our experience was excellent.
I will note that we may have been spoiled by the fact that our reservation was for Oscar night. Meaning: Chifa was uncrowded, pretty quiet & the 2 of us were able to sit in one of the beautiful cushiony booths- such a beautiful restaurant! Accented with black laquered trellises, and that huge Chinese apothecary...really cool... 
Service was perfect. We opted for $45 chefs tasting menu- A great way to go. I'm sayin, the food is GREAT. The amount is GREAT. Be advised: you may fall into a food coma. It'll be well worth it. That cheesy pan de yuca (i think) that started everything off was so delicious served with spicy guava butter...then came 10 courses served at a steady pace-  Our favorites were the Peruvian Ceviche (wooo! leche de tigre!), the amazingly crispy-yet-fluffy-inside yucas fritas- I've eaten a lotta yucca in my day, but that's some special yucca, friends... Dug on them pork bao buns, thai sausage, LOMO SALTADO...ooh I loved that lomo saltado! Maybe that was my favorite? Look, I'm pretty much just listing every dish here. There were no misses. It was all magnificent. I don't know if we were super lucky or what, but I can say that in all honesty.Chifa Restaurant décor was modern. They had long tables in the center along the sides were booths.  The booths had cushions with fluffy pillows. The colors consisted mostly of reds and blues. One of the walls next to the kitchen had tiles with locks on it. 
The food is tapas style. I personally found the portions small for sharing.  We received complementary bread which was the best part of our meal. In Colombia they refer to this soft cheesy bread as Pan de bono. The yucca fries were awesome.   I ordered cod fish which was the fish of the day. The cod fish was  a bite size piece of fish. It was rubbery, bland and tasteless; I think a piece of lettuce would have more flavor.
I loved the restaurant experience, but the food did not wow me.  Unfortunately, I left feeling hungry. The baby bite size portions were not enough for me.  If you're on a diet this place would be perfect.  I found the appetizers to be delightful, and enjoyed the pisco sour drinks.  I am glad I came here but don't plan to be a repeat customer.Every time I go here I am pleased and impressed.  They have extremely novel dishes all of which delight the palate.  Service is always great.  I usually get a chefs tasting menu.  The staff is thoughtful enough to ask about what you had before that you liked and disliked to tailor the menu for you when you return.  They also do a great job for restaurant week.  This has become one of my favorites of phila.I'm a huge Jose Garces Fan and love his other restaurants.  Chifa however is mediocre at best.  The chef dramatically oversalts everything.  I've been there three times with different groups of people, and every time, someone complained that their dish was the saltiest thing they've ever tasted.  The last time I went I asked for the dish to be made with almost no salt and it still came out too salty, but was a lot more reasonable.Chifa was my first stop for restaurant week. I was excited for my first stop at a Jose Garces restaurant, as the man has quickly become Steven Starr's main competitor over the last few years. Restaurant week is when over a hundred restaurants over the city offer a three course, prix fix meal for $35. However, portions and quality vary greatly.
I met with my friend Bryana and we were seated quickly, right on time for our reservations. The atmosphere is weird here. Low lights, modern/trendy decorations, terrible but trying to be
cool and in the background music. Overall, it just wasn't my thing. This doesn't make a huge difference though. Our server was excellent. Attentive and friendly, she made the dining experience better.
The menu is Peruvian/Asian fusion food, which sounded random until our server explained. You should ask during your visit. The menu
 is set up for sharing, and between the two of us we ordered four different first courses, four seconds, and two desserts. I also opted for the wine pairing which offered a glass of red and white wine. While not amazing, they were modestly prices and matched well with a majority of the food. I also opted for the wine because the beer list was average and overpriced: Flying Fish, Dogfish Head, PBC, ect for $6 or $7.
Dishes are brought out in the order they are prepared, which was a bit faster than I wanted to eat them. We started of with civiche, which was deliciously well prepared. Our pork belly bun came out next, which is a star of the menu. The meat was delicious, but I thought the bun was bland and in poor ratio to the rest of the dish. Despite my complaint, Bryana declared it her favorite dish. We had spring rolls next, which were my favorite. They were flaky and perfectly seasoned. The BBQ ribs were the last of the first courses. It was good, but if you want ribs, go to a place that does ribs, because I wasn't impressed. The meat wasn't memorably tender, and the sauce was average.
Pho started our second course. This dish was poorly made. The spiciness from the jalapenos
 overpowered any other taste it might have had. Further it was made from noodles only a few inches long, making it almost impossible to eat with a fork or the provided chop sticks. We were served mussels next, which were great. The sauce was thick and flavorful, the best mussels I've had outside a Belgian joint. Another fantastic dish came out next, seasoned rice mixed with scallops. Chifa did the best job with the seafood dishes. Our last dish before dessert were mushrooms, and they come out in a dish that looked like a pot pie. The crust was unnecessary, but the mushrooms were cooked in a great sauce and were excellent wild mushrooms.
We had hit and miss dishes for both courses. We sampled both desserts from the menu. The first was coconut and passionfruit sorbet dish. This was nice and tangy, but not the way I love to end my meal. I was much more into the other dessert, chocolate ganache with hazelnut brittle.
Bottom Line: With the offerings of a lot of different dishes, the portions are small, but the meal ends up being adequate. Our server told me that the restaurant week menu was a good representation of the regular menu. The whole night was good, but hit or miss. I would have been disappointed if I paid full price, and I honestly can't see myself going back again. If you do have a strong urge to try this place out, opt for the small $18 lunch special. It's almost exactly half of the restaurant week dinner offering. Chifa cooks up interesting fusion dishes, but doesn't quite hit the nail on the head.AMAZING. haha 
Had gone there for restaurant week and the food was simply delicious. Can't recall all the items they had on the menu. But the pork belly buns were great. Got drinks with the meal and no complaints about anything. Def worth the money and will remmeber the meal for a long time.
Great service, amazing food. Lovely atmosphere. Def recommend for a nice dinner with friends, a date, family whatever the occasion is.***This is a thursday night happy hour review only. I plan to come back for dinner and will update this review.
5 of us girls came for happy hour special last night. They have a deal where if you order 4 buns and 4 beers it would be $25. 
I was earlier than others and arrived before 6pm. It was pretty empty and we can only sit at the bar for happy hour. That was sort of a bummer because I could only talk to the two girls on either side of me while I ate. But it was OK later, since it was not crowded, a couple of us just stood and formed a circle to chit chat.
The bartender lady was super sweet and nice. She let us taste 2 beers off the menu before ordering. I recommend the Allagash beer. It is a wheat beer that is light and tangy. I normally drink blue moon so this is very refreshing and familiar. 
My sweet friend asked if any of the buns go with any of the beers in particular. The overall answer is no. They all taste good together.
I had the pork belly bun and also duck bun. They are sliders side and 1 bun means 1 bun.
I loved the pork belly bun. Mine had a thick slice of belly fat and enough meat to go with it. The sauce was a little sweet and salty. It is definitely Chinese influenced if not all. The bun is the typcial steamed bun you get when eating peking duck. So with the fat, it was not greasy but fills your tummy up.
The duck bun was good too but I prefer the pork belly bun. It had a surprisingly spicy sauce. I think the meat was not chewy, it was alright.
As we were leaving, there were more diners and everyone looked happy. The decor is very special. Dark and elaborately decorated booths. Romantic. The menu price didn't look too steep either.
Stay tuned for the dinner review!I'm sure the cuisine here is very good, but I never had a chance to try it.  We ended up walking out before we ordered. 
I had reservations for 7pm on a Thursday night.  Got to the restaurant and really liked the decor. Tables lined up on the right divided up by curtains to make it a little more intimate.  I was looking forward to eating at one of those tables.  Instead, the hostess to us to two table just past the bar on the left before the larger room in the back.  This seating area was a large horseshoe bench that had two tables in it.  The hostess sat us at one of them, even though we (1) had reservations and (2) the place was barely half full.  We were a party of 3, so sitting at this table was awkward b/c at least 1 party was further away from the conversation.  There was no ambience, compared to the rest of the place, and very little lighting.  We complained and asked to sit in the back room which was much nicer and only had 3 tables occupied.  The hostess agreed to move us and proceeded to take us to the last booth on the left, tucked back to the side of the kitchen.  This would not be a big deal except for the fact that there were a good 6 other tables open, not including the large group table in the room that was also open, and that's where they put us. My guests were furious!  It was one thing to give us a crappy table at the beginning and move us after we requested it, but to then give us another crappy table when the restaurant is only 25% full was icing on the cake. We ask to move again and the manager comes over and asks what the problem is.  We explained and his response was that the other booths were set up for parties of 6 that had reservations and we were only a party of 3; however, several of those booths were set for parties of 4. My guests even mentioned they were visiting from NYC and still, the owner didn't budge. We decided that if we were going to be treated like that, we didn't want to eat there. When the manager wouldn't accomodate us, he was shocked when we said thanks, but no thanks, and left. Not a way to treat customers, especially when we had a reservation and the place was practically empty.  Just b/c it's a trendy place does not mean that you can treat customers like that. 
I've never had a problem with any other of Jose Garces' restaurants, they are fabulous, but you can bet that I won't be going to this one again.I'm just gonna go ahead and say that, if you want haute cuisine in Philadelphia and it's more about the food than the experience (ahem, Mr. Starr), then go to a Garces restaurant. Final Word. 
I agree with Monica, in that ordering is certainly an art form, but I'd say it's like an elephant painting with a brush -- the ingredients are so neat and the chef so talented that no matter what comes out of the kitchen, you're going to ooh and aah over it. Plus, this establishment of his, more so than Amada or Tinto (where I still dream about that pork cheek), has a fusion of flavors that is supercool. And I don't like to prefix things with super, especially sans hyphenation. 
And final thing: I ordered it from diningin.com, and it was still goood when it came, though the yucca fries -- my thighs' worst enemy next to any almond croissant -- were cold. I'd try em again, in situ, though. If they're your jam, try the Cantina and not Cuba Libra.Great interiors, great service, a well-thought-out menu that makes use of its fusion-food status.  Seasoning was fine, but when it comes down to purely taste, nothing here really stood out.  Since dinner cost $250 (for three people), I'm quite disappointed.
This is a restaurant to impress someone with.  A chef wouldn't eat here, but Patrick Bateman most certainly would.
So, I did the $55 tasting menu for all three of us.  I'll try to review the more memorable ones:
Whitefish Seviche:  A quite nice starter.  The balance in seasoning was dead on, and the texture was agreeable.  This was one of the stronger dishes in the roster.  I will say, however that the flavor here was far from assertive.  I know, I know, it's a seviche, but still, for the cost I felt like something new needed to be done here.
Oyster Shots:  these were just kind of 'meh.'  The oyster was completely lost in the sweet-pepper + whatever puree surrounding it, and the puree was nothing special.  I thought oysters were one of those ingredients you just wanted simple and fresh with minor accents, not swimming in a blender-sauce.
Pork Buns:  These were tasty, but knowing I could enjoy the same quality or better for a lot less in China town makes them less enjoyable for me personally.
Vegetable stir fry:  As someone who cooks a lot, this was the most disappointing dish served.  At a restaurant like this charging me what they are, they stirfried some vegetables in a wok with a little soy sauce and rice and called it a day?  Really?  There weren't even any exotic vegetables.  Oh yeah, and said vegetables didn't even have any sear-marks, which indicates that the preparation was rushed or tossed too much.
Grilled(?) Lamb:  Delicious, perfectly cooked.  Nothing fancy with the sauce or seasoning, though.
Grilled Octopus Salad:  Basically a few small morsels of perfectly cooked and seasoned octopus with a spicy (perfectly balanced I should say) aoili on the side, and some arugula + spring mix.  This was just perfect.  I highly recommend this dish.  The octopus had that nice sear on the outside, and tenderness on the inside - something that is easy to mess up.  If I had to come back here, I'd probably just order this every time.
Desert Sampler:  I'm not big on deserts, but the deserts offered were quite different from typical fair.  Since I couldn't really identify what each was exactly, I'll just say that they were one of the high points of the meal and that they were satisfactory.Beautiful decor, DELICIOUS food, and friendly and knowledgeable wait staff! A bit pricey, but definitely worth the splurge for a special occasion or a date night!Just heard they were closing Chifa.  We dined here a few weeks ago, it was our 4th or 5th visit.  It was not as good as past visits, and unfortunately this review isn't really going to help anyone unless you make it before they close!
The ceviche we had was in a bowl.   It was so drowned in a gazpachio-like sauce that you might as well have called it soup.  The fish's wonderful natural flavor was drowned.  The specialty drinks were nice.  I will miss them.   The red curry was good, but not distinctive enough I guess to put Garces' name on it.
The service was excellent, but the restaurant was 1/3 full at best on a Thursday.  
Not surprising that they are closing.I just went here for lunch during Restaurant Week and really enjoyed the experience. The ceviche (both options) were very tasty, and I liked the red curry, although it wasn't the best I've had. Everything had a nice spice to it; not too overwhelming. Both dessert options were great too. My boyfriend really loved the pork sandwich as well. The inside is decorated beautifully. They have a nice selection of local beers as well as bottles of Peruvian beer. I highly suggest the lima bean fizz -- one of the best drinks I've ever had!Beautiful place!  Yummy Sangria!  I expected the food to be as amazing as Amada and Tinto but unfortunately I did not love it!If I could describe Chifa in 2 words it'd be "Good Value".  Not the most ringing endorsement, but I enjoyed my visit nonetheless.  Nice decor, fast and friendly service, but compared to some of the other Garces restaraunts, none of the food left me saying wow.
Regardless, I was well fed and had a few drinks and it was around $60.  To me, that's good value.I can't believe that after 2 1/2 years in Philly I have not written a review for Chifa.  And now that I've left Philly to go back to sunny California, I finally have time to sit down and write the 5-star review that Chifa truly deserves.
I have had dinner at Chifa multiple times.  Every single time, the food is beautiful, inventive, unique, and delicious, and the service is extraordinary--fast, friendly, knowledgeable.  The dishes that truly stick out in my head are the cheese bread that comes with every meal compliments of the chef (TO DIE FOR), the ceviches, the famous pork belly bao buns, the chaufa, and the lychee sorbet is a personal favorite of mine (I'm a rice lover).  
My last night farewell Philly dinner was (of course) at Chifa, but for the first time we tried happy hour during which every dim sum dish is only $3!  Therefore, naturally, we got one of everything and two of the pork belly bao buns.  As usual, everything was unique, beautiful, and so flavorful.  The bartender was so friendly and gave us the wonderful cheese breads on the house even though we weren't having dinner there, and we ended with the lychee sorbet per usual.
Overall, Chifa is an amazing dining experience and is decidedly my favorite restaurant in Philly.  Definitely one of the things about Philly that I will miss the most!Chifa was pretty excellent! Tapas style dishes that are not as pricey as I expected them to be. I asked the bartender for some recommendations on what to get and she was right on. The yuca fries and the pork belly buns were so tasty (and not too expensive either)!! i also got a beef noodle soup, but i wasn't really a fan of that so much. We also accidentally were served crab empanadas (which were really great). Portions are small since its tapas, but this is a great place to share dishes if you would like to try a lot of different things. The only downside to this restaurant is that all of their wine is very expensive. Most of their bottles start at $48 (i think that there may have been one for $42) and their wine by the glass is $10.Wow this place is great. I used yelp reviews for ordering and was not disappointed. I want to shot from the rooftops how great it is! Please don't be nervous about the combo, its just amazing!
Sounds weird, Cantonese and Peruvian? Because it was Garces I just went with the flow and do not regret it. Just trust it. The waiter did a great job explaining the style of the restaurant and how we should proceed through the meal. It was perfect. I was torn about the ambiance it was kinda cool/unique, but also a bit loud and we were seated in a bit of a corner without much style.
Seriously unique food and just well prepared. They weren't serving the yucca fries (disappointing) because they just weren't good that night, which I totally appreciate. Presentation was also great.
I ate:
marinated olives - good, basic
pork belly boa bunds - great flavor and texture
duck tacos - AMAZING, wish there were more.
chifa mussels - not interesting, I barely remember them
red curry - good flavor combination but not totally unique
pulpo (octopus) - interesting and good flavor
spicy cantonese eggplant - not totally unique or spicy
Chinese 5 spice smoked pork - super tender and great sauces
Nikkei ceviche - basically a sushi cut
suspiro - such a wonderful flavor and texture combination, didn't need more to eat but so glad I got this.I came here twice in a week. The first time was great. Came with a group of friends and we basically filled up on the super delicious cheesy rollys they bring in the beginning with sriracha sauce. We ordered the lobster noodle dish, goat curry, yucca fries (delicious, not oily at all), scallion pancakes and maybe a few other things. Everything was delicious - great experience. Later in the week on Sunday, I brought my husband here because I thought it was so good and we couldn't get in to Vetri to celebrate his promotion. I had made a reservation, so I wasn't too happy off the bat about being seated right across from the door/entrance. We ordered the tuna "ceviche" which seemed more sashimi style, wagyu beef, pork belly, fried banana for dessert which was yum. Everything was fine except that our food was taking a while, but the worst part was that we ordered the chinese broccoli (a side dish) and we were almost done with our entree...or consciously trying to eat it very slowly (small portions). When we ask our waitress about the broccoli, she *actually* tried to argue that "because they fire everything to order" that explains why the broccoli couldn't come out with the entree. If someone in the food business could explain that one to me, I'd love to better understand this concept of not being able to time the order of your dishes. Honestly, does it really make sense to have that dish come last after everything else?  I would have given it 4 stars - but minus 1 for this absurd reasoning and attitude by the waitress. Save the bullsh*t for composting. The customer is always right.Service was great. The waitress was extremely helpful with explaining the menu and helping us choose our dinners. The food was good but the portions were small for the price, which is typical of tapas style. The rolls with the guava butter that they bring pre meal were amazing. The pork belly buns were so delicious that our party actually ordered two more orders!! The red curry was fab, but was too rich for me. The Peruvian ceviche with a side of crunchy corn thingies and crispy plantains was simply amazing!!!! Clean, citrusy, refreshing, just like good ceviche should be!! All in all, a great experience!!!My fiance and I came here for my birthday dinner, and we had a great experience!
Upon entering, you immediately get a sense of classiness. This place is very nicely designed/decorated. We were led downstairs to what seemed to be a more intimate/private dining area, and were seated in a room in the back. 
Chifa is a tapas/small plate restaurant (what restaurant in Philly isn't these days?), so we decided to go with 2 plates each plus one to share between the two of us. Oh yeah, any vegetarians out there, make sure to ask for their vegetarian menu!
Chifa serves a fusion of Chinese and Peruvian style dishes, which is about as crazy as it gets! I went with an order of the duck tacos and the chicken wings (although after the fact, I realized I really only wanted 1 poultry dish, but oh well). My fiance had some kind of vegetarian ceviche, and a tofu tempura dish, and we shared an order of the yuca fries.
Before we got our food, we were served THE CHEESE ROLLS...I know a lot of people have already commented about these, so all I"m gonna say is this: best dish of the night! Lol seriously, next to the yuca fries, these were the best things we had all night! They came out all warm, with cheese oozing out, and this killer hot sauce to add (if you dare)! As I already mentioned, the yuca fries were equally delicious, meanwhile I though the duck tacos were very good (filled with juicy, flavorful duck meat), while the chicken wings were OK. They weren't really what I was hoping for, kind of dry and not really as spicy as they claimed it would be...probably my own fault for ordering wings at a place like this lol. I can't really comment very much on my fiance's dish, however I can say these were some of the larger "small" plates I've encountered at a tapas place.
For dessert, I ordered a cappuccino, which was very good, and split the coconut panna cotta. I had my reservations about this item, but to my surprise it was very good, and it was also a very light option which we definitely needed after this filling meal!
A few of my cons, which if they did not occur would have bumped Chifa up to 5 stars:
- They ran out of the beer on tap I wanted, but the server recommended a bottled beer which she claimed came close to the same taste. It didn't, and I was not very happy with my drink
- I understand that the concept here is that dishes come out as they are prepared, but there was way to long of a wait between dishes. Our yuca fries came first, but then another dish did not show up for at least 20-25 minutes...
- Some of the dishes were great, but were sort of lacking. My wings were not as good as I hoped, however I discovered much of the flavor for these was sitting in a pool of some kind of oil under the wings, and I guess I was supposed to spread this myself. I know presentation matters, but when it affects the taste of the food, I don't think its really as important...
-The tables are a little to close to each other. What began is a more intimate, private meal, turned into a sort of awkward meal as we could hear our neighbor's conversations and I'm sure they could hear oursLet me just start by saying I love YOU Iron Chef Garces!!!  I am such a fan of all your restaurants and I am the happiest girl whenever I go to your restaurants.
I always hated tapas style and I just think it's the dumbest thing- but I must say I def didnt' mind that at ALL at Chifa. 
I don't really drink cocktail and stuff- so I got an unsweetened ice tea-  It was a pomegranate infused unsweetened tea- refreshing and awesomeness.  Then we had the Bread- holy molly- we crunched that in 30 seconds. 
Let's review some of the items I have had the pleasure eating:
Duck Taco- my fav of the night- it is def amazing and when you bit down onto the taco- there is this wonderful sauce squirt into your mouth.  It's hot, but dang it's delicious!
Kobe Tartare- fresh, flavorful, and just absolutely amazing.  
Ceviche- OOOOOH Yumm! So fresh, so light, and it's a party in my mouth!!!
5 spiced smoke pork- let me just tell you- this is NOT a Tapa size item- it came out at the very end and seriously we had to stuff our face to finish it. But it was so good that we don't mind stuffing our faces! It was so tender, the smoked pork was just something out of this world- I have never had better smoked pork elsewhere.
Just sayin- 
I love this place and I am SO happy that my fiancee took me there on our 5 yrs anniversary.
Everything taste better when you are a happy personDisappointed :/ 
I LOVED Amada, so I figured hey let's give Chifa a shot. I decided to go during happy hour since we weren't too hungry.
$3 dim sum apps for HH sounded like a great idea. Duck taco, pork bun and wonton were ordered. All good, but extremely tiny.. even for $3 it seemed just too small. Duck taco was probably the best, and the pork bun being the most standard. Is it because I'm Asian?IDK
The drink I had.. I can't remember it was a few weeks ago, but was served with a chile pepper on top, was great. This drink was definitely a 4 star. Delicious, and I would order it again.
Everything else.. was subpar at most :/ I may give it another shot in a few months... maybe RW.As a Garces restaurant, Chifa's food was expected to be the highest quality. It definitely was. The dish selection was strong, varied, and had an excellent blend of East Asian and South American food. The steamed pork buns were phenomenal, and all of the meat was melt-in-your-mouth tender. I was not please with the layout of the space. Because of the building, the space is very narrow, and seating is tight. However, there is a back room where a large group can sit, and there are booths that surround that area. Overall, Chifa had incredible food, but could have a better dining experience.I went to Chifa on my visit to philly, with my aunt & uncle! It was so good! Prior to the meal my aunt was raving about the free bread & guava jelly. We had the tasting menu I'm pretty sure the $65 a person one. The courses seemed endless since everything was tapas size. We opted for a half pescaterian and regular tasting menu, since it was Friday during lent and I had to abstain from meat.  I have no idea what dishes I got but to name a few
Salad with beef
Salad with edamame, string beans & cheese 
Raw tuna in a cream sauce 
a shot of oysters in a tomato sauce 
tofu burgers with oyster sauce 
scallops 
fried rice
curry
banana bread with ice cream and a creamy sauce
All of them were so good, but the best part of the meal for me was the curry & the tofu burgers, they were so yummy! I & my aunt had trouble figuring out how to take the oyster down. There was also some chicken & octopus included, but I didn't try it since I was so full! I definitely exceed my daily calorie intake in this one meal, but it was well worth it! I also tried their pisco sour & had a glass or two of their sangria. The atmosphere was nice, it was like lounge. It reminded me of TAO in Vegas. The servers were prompt & good looking! Kind of pricey but try it once since I'm from San Francisco and this is the first time I've herd of a Peruvian/Chinese style restaurant. It's one of kind, and after this visit I'm a fan!I love when evenings like this come together - a meal out with a friend that becomes a sample fest of different plates of awesomeness.   the ceviche is quite fantastic, and the portions are generous.  the tastes inspired conversation and a little fighting over the remaining morsels.  the empanadas and jaleo were good, but overshadowed by the 3 plates of ceviche that came out prior.
the service was decent, but overwhelmed.  probably saved me from getting hammered though, so that's an OK thing on a school night.
and the vibe - pretty damn styling - and the loungey downstairs just adds another layer of coolness to an already cool spot.
one of my favorite meals in Philly and I haven't even tried their entrees yet.I LOVE Jose Garces restaurants but Chifa was a disappointment. It was hard to get a reservation for 8 ppl on a Saturday night but we got one set up at Chifa at 8:30. So everyone started dinner late and we were all hungry. 
The sangria I ordered at the bar was great. A very mild spicy tint to the sweet flavor. I will come back for the sangria one day. Here's what my side of the table ordered : 
-Pork Belly Bao Buns - 2 per order. This was my favorite of the night. The buns were not too thick. The pork belly was however, not covered with fat like how you can find at some other places. 
-Braised Beef Short Rib and Taro Puff - 4 per order. Very unique! Sticky chili sauce on the bottom balanced nicely with the dense starchy taro. 
-Duck Taco - 2 per order. Whatever the sauce was on top (maybe the kimchi) , I thought it was overpowering the succulent tender abundant amount of duck. Tortillas were super soft and did not taste cheap. 2 of my friends liked this the most.
-Red Curry - My 2nd favorite dish of the night. The curry sauce itself didn't taste thaaat different from any other Thai restaurants but there was LOTS of fresh crab, eggplants and other stuff in there. Even though we were sharing this place, I was able to get bite of every ingredient in every spoon. 
-Lomo Salodo - The potatoes were surprisingly great! There was lot of beef in it too but this dish didn't WOW me. 
I may be biased right now because I don't like Asian fusion food. I do think Chifa was one of the better places in this category but...I wasn't crazy about this place (like I said, prob b/c I don't like fusion food). I'd say it's one of those places I will go if someone suggests Chifa, but I would ask again, what about this other place? 
oh one more thing, our waitress spoke so softly to the table of 8. I couldn't hear anything she was saying. But the decor was soooo pretty :)Each tapas has 15+ flavors all acting together to leave you continually craving more.  Presentation is beautiful and quality of meats and fishes are top notch.  Highly  suggested for restaurant week.  The curry with tofu, crab, and eggplant is the best I have ever had!Peruvian/Cantonese fusion?!  I had to try it.
My fat ass had ($55 tasting menu):
-shrimp vietnames spring rolls
-duck tacos
-crab empanadas
-cocunut mussels
-stir-fried scallops
-rock octopus
-oyster ceviche
-fluke ceviche
-solterito salad
-chifa chicken
-chocolate cake
-coconut pudding
Holy Awesome.
The only thing I didn't love was that there is lower-level seating area with no music.  The decor isn't as dope and the vibe isn't as dope as the other seating area.
I'd hit it again.A good scene for a group: long sleek tables complete with a lazy-susan for tapas sharing, midst dimly lit latticed booths that serve as hiding spots for local celebrities.  We saw the director of The Sixth Sense and Philly's ABC News anchor (correct, I know neither of their names. A tablemate pointed them out to me). 
Unfortunately, food-wise, the only good value was the Sangria (and even that statement is a stretch).  These tapas really are 2-bites.  And somehow, despite dropping $80, I still left unsatisfied.   If you want a good meal, you may be better off grabbing one drink and dining elsewhere - but if you are a light eater, enjoy.This place was fantastic! There were some things that were better than others, but nothing was really bad (except I'm not partial to kale but tried it anyway and wasn't very pleased but that's not to say others wouldn't like it, because they like kale). We ordered a bunch of different items off the menu for 3 of us to try. My favorite was the lobster bowl, and the little rolls they brought out at the beginning (we didn't order these, it's like the standard bread that restaurants bring out, but these rolls were different although not sure what they were made of and came with an addictive spread). The lobster bowl had a good spice kick to it at the end, and was a creamy noodle concoction with lobster pieces and other ingredients (it's been a week almost so I don't remember exactly what was in it). Chifa also has some interesting cocktail beverages. The service was fantastic as well. We went on a Wednesday night and because it's so good, it wasn't as busy as I excepted but it's a very large space. The outside is deceiving, as the inside is long and very big. 
I will recommend Chifa to anyone going to Philly!Pretentious fusion machine Garces. I was so happy when I heard this place closed down years ago. The food was average tasting. As a Peruvian, I was insulted at this monstrosity.My only venture into Peruvian Cusine that I can remember was a Lomo Saltado lunch special deep in the heart of Port Chester, NY years ago when I worked in Greenwich....where cumbia reigns supreme and soccer is the town sport.  So the more I hear about Garces and his restaurant the more I became curious as to what level I was about to take my South Philly/North Bronx red sauce palate.
And just to set the tone, part of what makes restaurant week so interesting (sarcasm) to me at least, are the people you have sitting close to your table.  In our case it was a mix of a bad eharmony commercial to the left that seemed like the end of the world was upon them and some out of town bohemian couples joking about running shoes, wireless apps and throwing the word fabulous in every once in a while.  As always, being as cool as we are we managed to zone them out and enjoy a nice evening. 
And now on to the multi mini course extravaganza!  We started with the Ecuadorian Ceviche which was a pleasent arrangement of shrimp in some very delicous garnish and then moved on to sample of the pork belly minis that proved to actually melt in your mouth not to mention these scallion panckes which were amazing as well..After a detour into the shrimp bowl with a cream sauce and fettucine..we went with Mussels served with a very "tangy" (note my restaurant experienced choice of wording here) cream base served with bread which was also delicious.  The only course which left something to be desired was dessert.  It was very hard to navigate being that this mocha infused mix of ice..a dab of pudding (again, probably lacking proper terminology) and ice cream was a reach in my opinion. But then again...what the hell do I know! lol  Overall a great place to experience Garces and his creativity as well as an opportunity to sample what is worth going back for.I have only been to Chifa during Restaurant Week, and like the rest of Garces' restaurants, it is one of the best deals in the city. For the first two courses, everyone at the table gets to order two plates - I recommend bringing as many friends as you can find, because it is absolutely worth sampling everything on the menu. I'm not as tempted to return for the full menu, but I will definitely be returning next Restaurant Week!
The low point of the evening was the service. I'm willing to cut them some slack, because the craziness of RW can tax even the most well-run restaurant. We ended up being seated outside, since there would have been a wait for a table inside - which I completely understand, since we were late for our reservation. It did feel as though we got a little forgotten, though, and I wish their outdoor heaters had been set a little warmer! I got to walk through the inside and got the impression that it is a little crowded and feels very busy - it is beautifully decorated and feels like a fun place. It would probably be a great place to bring a big group of friends for a late-night dinner and lots of drinks.
The food was solid, with some really amazing highlights. I'm pretty sure every review before mine has mentioned the pork belly bao buns. They were INCREDIBLE. Absolutely amazing. I still develop cravings for them out of the blue. It would be worth stopping in just to try these. The pho was also very good, although given the tapas theme, much harder to share. The chicken wings were "just OK," especially compared to the rest of the food. For the second course, the chaufa (stir-friend rice) and red curry were both phenomenal. The one thing I didn't love was the humita (a corn tamale), the flavor combination and textures just really didn't work for me. Everyone enjoyed their desserts, although neither (coconut panna cotta and a chocolate dessert) was particularly memorable. I wish we could have had seconds of some of our favorite entrees rather than the desserts! 
The overall atmosphere and flavors of Chifa were a nice departure from the more traditional Spanish flavors of Tinto and Amada. The value and great atmosphere met my expectations for a Garces restaurant, but I had the chance to enjoy some really new and great flavors. The regular prices are a little high, but as a choice for Restaurant Week, it's a phenomenal value.The service, the food, and the drinks were all amazing.  Every dish they brought out was better than the last. Make sure you ask your server for suggestions.We went here a few weeks back with Jen R. and left totally disappointed and a little annoyed that we paid $65 each to not love it. I won't go into the full list of what we got (especially since Jen did a great job with that). 
Here are the highlights that saved this meal: 
- the cheese bread rolls that were served at the beginning of the meal. 
- the pork belly buns. Ridiculously good. 
- the Chifa chicken which was quite tender and even great the next day 
My recommendation is to go to Chifa and just sit at the bar; Order beer and pork belly buns and leave happy.Not bad. Had the Chifa with Scallops, Chaufa with Musells, BBQ Ribs, and Beef Lomo (lomo something). The winning dish was the beef lomo. It had fingerling potatos, and the beef was shredded and marinaded in a delicious sauce. The little biscuits that they start you off with are awesome. They should really make some kind of dish out of it. It may have been the best tasting item we had that night. Overall, the food had a definite Asian vibe to it instead of the Spanish Tapas style I was expecting.
Service was mixed. The waiter sounded like he had a cold, and when he came the first time and we said it would be a few more minutes, it took literally 15 minutes for him to show up again. I hate it when waiters do this. He did stop by once to refill my water, but there was no ice in it.
The interior was very classy, with these curtain partitions.
$57 + tip for two people. 
Food Quality/Taste = 4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Service = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 4 StarOh, this is a conflicted 4 star review - and brace yourself - it may be a long one.  My husband and a close (vegetarian) friend of ours finally took the plunge and went to Chifa for dinner on Halloween night.
Decor is 5 star - and gorgeous.  Everything from the restroom to the blue & white tiles on the walls, and tons of flickering votive candles at night.
I do have to say that the service was EXCELLENT - from the hostess and our server, Melissa, right down to the ceviche chef.  Everyone was friendly and accomodating to our various requests and questions.
From reading these reviews, I am sure by now you know that Chifa serves small plates (perfect for sharing) and that some are smaller than others.  You may also have read about the hot, cheesey bread balls served with a spicy guava butter.  They are, indeed, AWESOME and I scarfed down 2 of them without even realizing it.
We started our meal with a round of delicious - if overpriced ($12 a pop) - cocktails.  The guys had glorified Shandies - Ginger liqueur, fresh lime juice and beer.  I had a virgin Pineapple Ginger concoction that was made w/ REAL, fresh golden pineapple.  It was so tasty & refreshing.
Then came the famous buns.  The BBQ tofu bun (we subbed tofu for pork belly) was so terrific - possibly the best bite of the night.  The tofu was crisp and blissfully glazed in a hoisin BBQ sauce.  A dash of spicy mayo on the white steamed bun.  Yum.  The Pork belly was (likely sous-vided - they have gone sous-vide CRAZY here.) very fatty - but hey - it's pork BELLY.  Belly as alot of fat, right?  Well, I preferred the tofu.
Anyhow - we progress onward - out came the egg mcmuffins - no really, I can't remember the name, but they were corn arepas topped with Oxtail, a PERFETLY done egg (a bit runny but not slimy), crisp bacon and (here's where Chifa loses major points) tons of gloppy peppery sauce.  Thankfully, and thanks to YELP, I knew to order my food with "sauce on the side" or "Light on the sauce" - and this was my mantra for the evening.
My veggie friend had the Chinese Broccoli, and as others have said, it was way too oily.  Literally swimming in a sesame oil sauce.    He also had a vegetarian version of the Chaufa rice.  I tasted a bite and it was complex and delicious - if a little heavy on the (surprise) salt.
Yes, folks, it's true.  Chifa has potential to be a real, true 5 star joint, but they are too heavy handed with the salt, oily, sauces and seasonings.  The ingredients they use are top-quality and need to be able to "sing" for themselves.  I am not saying to under season them, just please don't OVER season them.
Next came the (much, much anticipated) Lobster noodles.  I knew to ask for this "light on the sauce" and it was still swimming in a rich, creamy, slightly red-peppery sauce.  Succulent and buttery-sweet hunks of lobster and fresh, green peas.  The noodles were perfectly cooked.  I would totally order this again (and the tofu buns, man they rocked).  But next time I'd go even LIGHTER on the sauce - I can't imagine how over-sauced it would have been had I not asked for light sauce.  
Ok.  Whatever.  You get the point.
Anyhow - we're not done (Oh, and by now I CANCELLED our order of $38 wagyu steak - as I knew I'd be too full to eat it.) - Out came the curried goat (get it  for one - it's more than enough).  This is a unique dish - and not my fave - but hubby liked it.  Served with freshly sliced bananas and more of those light fluffy buns along side.  Plus a weird crispy lentil cake.
And next came the (yes, they are greasy) scallion pancakes.  Not the best I've ever had - but the cauliflower sauce (yes, really) was super tasty.
Oh - and Chifa is really weird about "coursing out" the meals - the served us a single bowl of broccolli after the buns and before anything else.  If we return, I will try to tell them what we want first (Like, the Waygu!!!)
By now we are all pretty stuffed, but we just had to have some Chai tea and Banana-Pumpkin funnel cake (too greasy for me - but somehow, I ate it!  Ha!).  The banana ice cream quenelle along side it was home made and PERFECT.   The odd honey-anise tuile?  Not so hot.  Thankfully, once again, I asked for the strange spicy peanut sauce ON THE SIDE.
Garces must be commended for his creative menu, but I fear there is just a little TOO MUCH going on in each dish.  Too much salt, too much sauce, too much fat, etc.
Also they sure are getting full usage out of their brand new sous-vide machine.  Nearly all the meats are sous-vided (and yes, they are tender to a fault) - but what about some good ole pan-searing?
OK, I am a spoiled, jaded, ex-Manhattan brat - but I really did enjoy our 2.5 hour meal here and WOULD return - especially now that I know what to get and what NOT to get.
Chifa, you are sooooo close to 5 star - but some of the dishes were really 2-3 star.  (Brocolli, Scallion pancakes, Desserts need work.)
We'll drop in for buns 'n beerAmbiance: 4 stars
Food: 2.5 stars
Loved the decorations and ambiance, too bad the food sucked
The only 2 things I liked was the pork belly buns and the Inigo Montoya cocktail (a very nice spicy kick)
Everything else I tried was below mediocre: 
Short rib and taro puff, Duck Taco,Chaufa: all were very saltyPlace was very good....good food and drinks....I love Chifa!!! I decided to check this place out for restaurant week and I love it! Tapas style Peruvian/Chinese menu! I have nothing bad to say about this place besides it being a bit pricey! Great people, service, and atmosphere! The duck taco is the bomb and the pork belly bao buns!!! 
Def a great place to check out!