Driving on my way to 76 and was in the mood for a monster taco salad. Well, come to find out, they don't have taco salad. However, they do have this Mex bowl thing and it's black beans, rice, pico, choice of meat, and some tortilla chip strips. It totally hit the spot. Very fresh, filling, and a tad spicy. Yum!
I had a classic margarita with salt. It was as expected. No complaints.
Service was good. Very pleasant server and she was familiar with the menu options, good for some one who is torn between two dishes.
Cleanliness was an issue. Our booth seat had salsa on it and there was trash under the table from previous diners. No bueno.On saturday my husband n me went to chili at oregon ave.i have to say the service was outstanding.the food we order not bad at all.the burger so juicy . definitely we will back.Horrible place! Me and about 6 other friends went to this Chilis after seeing a movie. We got there about 10:00 p.m., and entered the restaurant to find no hostess there to seat us. We waited about 10-15 minutes before being seated. Finally the waitress comes to take our order after 10 minutes of waiting! The waitress was rude and kept forgetting essentials(forks, spoons, napkins), and we didn't even get our drinks until after the appetizer was all eaten! The entire table had to tell her what we had to drink twice! When requesting certain items and tasks(splitting check, refill) she would have an attitude in her tone. When we were leaving, the hostess nor the restaurant manager wished us a goodnight. Instead, the restaurant manager and a waitress continued to talk to each other about God knows what. 
Overview:
Wait time was horrible(even when restaurant was almost empty)
No greeting/bye from hostess
Waitress was rude
Bathrooms were filthy
Kitchen appeared to be filthy 
Food quality was bland, especially for the price. 
Waitress name is Julia B. If you have her as a waitress, be prepared to a "fun" time. 
Would you recommend this restaurant?
Answer: Never!Unsanitary!!!! This is one of the most unsanitary places that I've been in. I ordered from their to go section and the way the restaurant is set up you can see straight into the kitchen. No one in one the line except for the cooks were wearing gloves nor washing their hands and were preparing food. One AC (Alley Coordinator) was not wearing gloves because they wouldn't fit over her 2 inch long fake pink nails, on top of that she was eating while preparing customers food. The manager "Mick" saw this and continued to allow her to do it. One waitress after counting her money on the prep table lifted up the bun on a customers burger so that she could check and see what was on it. The guy working the front counter after taking money went to the back to start helping box up and serve food. In the short time that I was there before walking out I observed multiple employees eating, counting money and touching various things around the kitchen without washing their hands. I called and spoke to the Manager "Mick" and told him all of my observations to which he replied "oh you came in at a very hectic time and there was a lot going on but if it was in the last 30 minutes I have addressed all of your concerns". Here's the problem with his reply: 1. I called two minutes after walking out of the store
2. The restaurant was slow and had maybe 15 people in it at most.
3. The guy straight up lied to me and said he addressed everything. 
How is it that you addressed everything in two minutes. 
I told him that I was reporting him and writing a review to which he just said ok bo ahead.  He has no care in the world to the cleanliness of his establishment.I have a star for service our server wasn't great but she wasn't terrible. Pretty empty place and it took a while for her to make her rounds. We ordered the guac for an app and was told it was pre made and they couldn't really do anything to spice it up. I got the chicken crispers for lunch the original kind. They were soaking in oil which made hem soggy. Fries a bit under but edible and corn was good. Wouldn't be back or recommend boyfriend thought his food was mediocre but ate a good chunk.Just arrived at Chillis and were we seat at the service was so horrible that we left. The hostess had an attitude so much so we left and called the manager. He stated that he had problems with her before and that she was going to fired.Typical chain ..you should know what what you're getting. Went and just had poor service. Took forever .. Forgot stuff consistently... And never came to check in during the meal.Awesome food and the GM was  personable and concerned with the customer experience as he should! The food and presentation was amazing! Great work guys!Me and my girlfriend came here to get a salad and we sat at the bar the waitress was nice. So when the food came out her salad was red so she wanted a fresh one made so a manger came out with another one but that was red old looking to so I'm sitting their eating mine and I saw red in mine to but it was ok but when I got down to looking at the plate it was dirty it had black stuff on it and I wiped it wit a tissue and it came off so after that I couldn't eat anymore. But needless to say the manger came out with a smile like he really didn't care but I won't be backUsed to go here ALL the time with the family. Now not so much.
Had a go-to menu, good burgers and OK staff. See the food was good enough to overlook the fact that some of the staff here clearly wanted to be literally anywhere else.
Then they went the way of other places and just changed the menu, and not for the better. They took several old favorite off in favor of "creative" items, that were not in the slightest appealing. That coupled with the staff and general lack of cleaning were enough to turn us off from here for good. Shame.I was skeptical about going in after reading the reviews on here. I had to kill time so I stopped in for dinner. My waiter was very friendly and attentive. I ordered the fried cheeses curds and a ribeye mid rare . My steak was cooked well,cheese curds  came out hot and crispy. Good experience.Whew!!!! So we just popped in here just for a quick bite. Sat at a high top table so my girl can watch the game, deciding what we wanted to eat and the drink we each wanted upon sitting down. 20 mins go past and still no server to acknowledge us we had to flag down one of the servers to see how we were supposed to order. He let us know someone should have been there and went and got our server as well as take our drink orders. When our server arrived he did apologize for his absence and it was appreciated. How if and ever the service was not the best, nor did i expect to be, but come on it's not super busy in this section. We felt we were only checked on when and if we happened to look in his direction. Food was ok her food was cold so she was as unhappy but that server we flagged down continuously checked on us to make sure we were ok so he offered to remake her food, greatly appreciated. And like clockwork our server came around to apologize for it AFTER it was taken care of by Matt, server who we flagged down. Overall thank you Matt for your attentiveness and making sure we were ok although we were not your table. And to our actual server not sure if u were just having a bad day but i hope it got better because we weren't the only ones that were waiting for your service.The food was really good. we were seated relatively fast considering the crowd that was dining. service was good and the atmosphere was well suited for the restaurant. I would go back again and enjoy the sports bar like environment. if you are looking for a quiet dinner, this isn't your palce. the restaurant was clean and when I used the bathroom I was happy to see that you didn't have to touch anything because everything from toilet to sink was automatic. food came out hot and the drinks kept coming, as they should. nice spot for a quick sit down and eat meal.Their bar is not very inviting. Bartenders are average at best. The problem with the bar is that they don't wipe it down clean. I will inside to sit, and eat at the bar only to find an unknown sticky residue on the table. There will be empty dirty plates, and beer mugs from customers who done paid, and left, but nobody comes around to pick up the plates. Took about 20 minutes before someone cleaned the bar. Bar should be cleared, and wiped down after every customer. This place was better two years ago. I recommend eating at the dining room tables. Food is delicious. My only issue is the bar, and the bartenders.Standard chain restaurant. It's  exactly what you expect. It's clean,  servers are mostly attentive and friendly,  the same menu and prices everywhere. It was fine.The service at this place, was terrible the night I went. First it took an hour for our food to come and that was just for the appetizers. I asked for my steak to be cooked medium and it came out well done. The waitress was alright but management was not.Walked in the door, and we're told it would be 15-20 minutes. The place was empty! 
There were a minimum of 10 empty tables and the bartender was just leaning against the bar. 
Staff was not moving very quickly. Seen this enough to know better...never.
Good luck with that. Problems.
We left to go home and order take out. Better food, better service, better prices, less wait.Table was nasty when I was assigned. Waitress did come over right away and clean up but left the table  wet. Had to ask her to dry it. Then came the coffee. No spoon. No cream. Had to ask the greeter. No idea where the waitress was. The place wasn't very full and I came at the tail end of the lunchtime rush.
I only ordered an appetizer - Southwestern Egg Rolls. Totally worth the wait! They are SO good.At least they have a late night happy hour with 1/2 priced apps and drink specials.Quite possibly the worst dinning experience you will ever encounter. Just a matter of time before this place is shut down. The employees are very transparent in how little they care about providing you with any sort of subpar customer service. Avoid.Ive been here for couple times. Like the food, especially Caribbean salad. We try to order the party platter for friends. And its a great deal!
The servers can be too long sometimes, dont go there if you are really hungry.I was here for the lunch not bad deal 7.99$ per person and also i see u so many bad reviews over here ... I dont think so something wrong servers are manner and friendly ... Also kitchen is pretty fast... I will definitely come back againI like Chili's! Food is reliably good. The nachos are killer. Service is very friendly and the staff are accommodating. It's a good time. Cheap meals.One of my favorite place to go for dinner. Foods are reasonably priced. Tonight I come into chilli's and the food comes out longer than the regular time. The supervisor comes into us, apologize and give us a free desert. The same exact thing happened to my gf and I couple years ago and the supervisor apologized. They have the right attitude, just need to work more with their teamwork. Keep it up people!Omg, food was horrible. Unlike others, I had Very friendly staff. Drinks where good (I had the strawberry lemonade). The food was horrible its like there theme for every dish is to cook it, chesse it, cook it again, dry it out then serving it. I had the two entree meal severed with a dry fishy smelling salmon covered in cheese, with a hard dry chicken brest also covered in cheese. My sides were the pan seared mash potatoes.....covered in cheese and bad tasting (C'mon how do you mess up mash!) Jalapeño cornbread covered in cheese. (Made with real corn inside (which i hate)) Oh and b4 i forget our appetizer (which my friend did eat so maybe this one was just me) we oredered fully loaded fries, that came out dry with a hardened cheese and the bacon bits tossed on top not really spread through out. I could never go back which is a shame its in such a convient location.I like chilies, but they take so long to attend you. I was waiting almost 20 mins just for a server to bring me water. Well after waiting almost 20 mins that I didn't have a server. I ask a waitress for water and that when they notice I didn't have a server. She was nice and came every 5 mins to see if I needed anything.My husband and I have both been in the restaurant business for the past 10 years including cooperate OSI. We have been living in south philly for the past 2 years and Chili's is a very convenient location for us with good food. Unfortunately we have never had a good experience service-wise. It is very obvious that customer service is not one of their main concerns. Tonight my husband and I sat at the bar for dinner. It was pretty empty and we were greeted promptly.  Unfortunately that was all I could say positive about the service. Our appetizer and dinners were not checked on by the bartender. We also sat and waited after asking for our waters to be refilled as soon as our plates were placed in front of us. My dinner was cold by the time I had a drink. We finally had the opportunity to ask for the bill. As we walked out the manager was on his cell phone at the door as we walked out. Completely unprofessional. Being bartenders in fast paced restaurants, there is no excuse for the service that we received.Their new Honey Chipotle Chicken Crispers and Waffles are delicious!!! I bought them 2 days in a row. Don't expect them to be like your regular chicken and waffles, but give them a chance for their authentic take on this favorite.Same old same old. I used to like this place but it's gone downhill. Yet it's convenient. The place isn't as clean as it used to be, a greasy film is left over so I feel like I don't want to touch anything. The for the most part the staff is friendly, usually quick service. And the 2 for 22 is a good deal. Just need an upgrade inside.I have been here several times and have given this place several chances. I feel I need to share my last experience, yesterday, which has been similar to all of them. There are not many restaurants in that area to go to without driving far or getting a reasonable price but, that comes with a penalty. When we walked in the front door, the hostess was leaning over the side of her podium. She did not address me in any way. I announced to her, "that I will take a high top at the bar," and than proceeded to do so. I sat there for 15 minutes as not 1 server acknowledged a table was sat , yet, walked past me several times.  I finally decided to approach the hostess and asked for a table for two . She walked me to my table and commented, "your server will be with you "shortly." My friend arrived 5 minutes later, went to the bathroom , ( an extended visit) and returned . Still, no server. I stated , "I don't think anyone works here?" As the table behind me laughed. After 40 minutes, yes, I know we should have left, but, it was not worth the aggravation. It was 3:30 and they had lunch specials we were "hoping" to get.  I know they have 1/2 price happy hour appetizers and drink specials, but, the waitress did not go over any promotions nor mention happy hour. I went up to the hostess to inquire about this, hence, I've been there before for this very reason . The hostess was unclear and had to check with her manager. When the waitress finally brought our drinks back, she asked ,"if we were ready to order? " I replied, " we were not made aware that it was happy hour and about the appetizers, so we do need a minute. Thank you." We had already placed one app in. The appetizer came out and we ate it. We got the loaded boneless wings which were lost in a pile of cheese and grease skillet.There was never a check back and needed a drink refill. The staff were sitting around tables lingering at the front door. When she brought the drinks back, she asked ," have you decided on anything else?" We had not even realized, we had never placed our order.  A "runner," dropped our food off and our table was never cleared from before, as we sat with a congested table with dirty dishes and bottles waiting for the food . The " runner" literally ran as we tried to ask for new plates and room to eat. We ordered , the chipotle chicken flatbread. The cheese was cold, the pita was floppy and very unattractive and lacked texture and taste. I figured out how to use the self order computer at the table , that was open and alarming, to review the check. The appetizers were not half off as the hostess had stated from reviewing with her manager. The waitress replied, " it is on certain ones." Well, at that point, I had it. We were not visited by a manager, nor was the bill corrected. I had been a server for 10 years. I could have made her day. She received her standard 15 percent. Service had been on this par every visit. There is a Millers Ale House that has opened up. The ambiance, the team and the food for the price are worth the drive. I suggest to  everyone to do the same. We all work hard for our money. We should not have to work when we decide to give ourselves a treat!I like chilis.   This location is ok but the food is always great.  You can't beat the dinner specials, especially the.fajita nightThis location is really close to work and the service is always fast and the food is good. Today we were introduced to the new "ziosk" - the machine that allows you to order cocktails or desserts and pay the bill from the table without a server. We were all about it as we usually split checks and I know that is a pain in the ass. So nothing wrong with our meal and service until we went to pay the bill using the new ziosk. There was an option to split the check evenly three ways as there were three of us in our party. Ran the first card, added the tip. No issues, Ran the second card, added the tip, no issues. Ran the third card, added the tip and then the machine said, "can not be processed at this time". So we decided to try again with another card. It didn't work. After a few attempts we flagged down our server and said, "two of the three cards went through but the ziosk is showing we have a balance because the third card never accepted". She runs to the back computer and then says, '"the back says you have a zero balance and these three cards were used for the check, but I'll double check with the manager". 
This is where I start to have problems.... the manager comes back and says, "I just printed out the receipt and it's showing your balance." We asked how the server had one with all three cards being paid, and he said, "I don't know, but I just printed this one." So he proceeds to take the card and show us how to use the machine (rather condescendingly). He swiped and it didn't work, again. So he ran the card in the back and we signed for the bill. On a hunch we decided to check the online bank apps and sure enough there were a gazillion charges of the bill. We had already told the manager we were no longer fans of the ziosk and he explained they were still working out the kinks. Clearly there are kinks as we paid the bill at least 5 times over. He took down the information to call corporate and have the charges cancelled. 
The convenient machine was no longer convenient and I will never use a ziosk again.Simple, this place ran out if A1 sauce. Coid came out late, waiters snd waitresses had the typical philly attitude, rude and no pride in their work. Want food? go to mcdonalds across the street. Save your sanity.I love Chili's, and especially during happy hour when the drinks and appetizers are half price.
The Quartermaster Plaza location on 23rd & Oregon is relatively new, so it hasn't yet become jaded or tired. lol.. however, last night was not such a great experience.
My mom, sister and I went for some Happy Grub... Well, the food was great (of course) but the drinks and service sucked... 
When we arrived, there was literally only one other person seated at the bar. There were TWO people behind the bar, yet it still took over ten minutes for anyone to even say hello or offer a menu. It was a sign of things to come...
I ordered a strawberry daiquiri cuz I was in the mood for something sweet. It tasted like a cup of ice crushed up with ONE strawberry in it... It was not sweet at all and had only the faintest hint of strawberry flavor. I'm thinking damn, half price drinks, I guess I only get a half-assed drink. lol
We also got half-assed service. She didn't smile or make any pleasantries or even offer napkins and silverware when we placed our 4 - dish order...
While we're waiting for our food, she starts yapping to the guy seated next to us about how miserable she is because she's not supposed to be working that night since she has to do training at another store an hour and a half away from the city at 8am. I'm sorry, and that is my fault, how???
This is when my extremely mild-mannered sister comments that the place is almost completely empty and we only ordered appetizers, so what the hell is taking so long.
Then the food comes and all is made well. lol. Chicken crispers, Texas cheese fries, mozzarella sticks (they really should change the name from "fried cheese" to something that sounds a little less artery clogging) and shanghai boneless wings.
Except we still don't have silverware or napkins... wtf?
I left her a "you've been yelped" card when we left. *smile. you're on candid camera, lady*I ordered the ribs. They came out with a hair in it. I told the server. She didn't say anything just took my plate and brought out what I thought was new ribs but wasn't they just added bbq and warmed them back up I can see the piece I broke off earlier. She comp it off the check when I told her.  I was never asked did I want anything else is there anyway we can fix this nothing!We were assigned to a table next to the restroom. The table was dirty, the floor was blackened by dirt and oil. Needless to say the atmosphere was terrible. Wings had no flavor, steak was too dry. They didn't offer me beef sauce until asked. First time there and would be my last time.The worst experience of my life... Food took forever!!!! Ordering took forever!!!! Food came out and supposedly the plates was hot and she's drop my daughter good after we been there for about an hour!!! Worst part is the manager was no where to be found.... A manager is suppose to walk around and asks his/hers customers how things are, make us feel welcome and that he/she aware of the situation but nope.... I hate it the worst time wasted.... Just because my spouse wanted to try chili's ugh!!!!!I will somewhat unusually upgrade a bad review (why am I going back to a two-star reviewed restaurant? I was with a group) based on the following factors:
(1) I learned my lesson and avoided the fried food this time, instead going for salmon with broccoli and rice. Much to my delight, neither the salmon nor broccoli were overdone. 
(2) They've done a slight remodel of both the interior and the menu and it's a little better than the undistinguishable mess we got last time.
(3) We had decent, if what I would call inexpert, service (wait staff: please don't call us "you guys" all the time, thank you) but I also noticed the manager going out of the way to be extra kind to two families with small children who were having child-management problems. Me, I wouldn't bring small kids to a place this loud (especially late) but insofar as I will refrain from judging the circumstance, it makes me feel good they were obviously trying hard to please parents trying to get a little break but with the kids in tow. So kudos, Chili's.
It still can't escape its mundane Americano fare, but if you need that quick TGIBenhouligan Tuesday Chili Applebee's style fix, do take note of the above. I've done worse.My husband and I went here recently for dinner and drinks. I have to say the service was outstanding. I haven't been here in awhile due to the slow service and not so friendly staff. However their food is always delicious. We had the new onion rings with a ranch sauce: they were crispy and fresh. We also had Cajun chicken pasta: one of my favorite things on the menu. My husband had their BBQ ribs- the meat fell right off the bone! The waiter was super helpful and even let my husband taste a beer to see if he would like it! We were so happy we will definitely be back sooner than later.We decided to sit at the bar to eat because there was a little bit of a wait... Not long though, like 10 minutes but we were fine with staying at the bar. Our bartender was SO friendly and nice. Food was great, actually one of the best Chili's I've been to if we're going off of how the food tasted. 
Only negative is that once we got our appetizers the food came out maybe 2 minutes later. The bartender was great, and I wish she had more people helping her. The bar was packed and she was making everyone's drinks, checking on us, running to the kitchen getting food. Why didn't they have food runners for her? I felt bad but she still did it with a smile on her face and was so friendly. I wish I got her name but get this girl some help!Why do we keep coming here?  Well, we're done.  No more chances.  We are disappointed every time we come which is usually twice a year before a concert.  The service is always bad and the quality of food is always bad.  We had Chilis back in Texas and you could always count on good food.  But here, you can count on bad food.  So if you want to go to a place where they make you wait 10 min even though half the tables are empty, the waiter sniffs your drinks because he doesn't know which is which, the waiter doesn't write down your order and gets it wrong (as he pops a piece of gum in his mouth) then takes forever to bring you the parts of your meal he forgot, and low quality presentation and taste, then this is your place!  
This place needs new management and better training.Not bad. On the particular occasion I went, our server was nice and attentive. And lo and behold, the food was great too. Places like this are typically hit or miss but I had an all-around enjoyable meal and I liked that they have more Tex-Mex dishes than your typical American fare restaurant. On top of that, the food was hot. A good experience! I'd choose this over the Applebee's closer to me on City Ave., which seems to get worse every time. :(Very disappointed, I order the smoked wings an they didn't have any so. So much for that idea went on to the entrees my boyfriend ordered the sizzling fajitas which all the condiments arrived on a plate together an not in separate containers, the wraps were ice cold am served on a plate an not in the warming container they usually come in. So we ended up sending those back to be heated an she brings them back in the warming dish without the lid. I've ordered this dish several times before so I no how it should be brought out. I ordered the tacos an they were a little spicy but ok, the waitress was good no other issues besides the food. Probably won't go back to this location though...Chillies lava fountain cake at the end ill die for it !!!
The Texas cheese fries is a must every time !!
Nice workers friendly placeFood is always decent at any Chili's.  This is no exception.  Got the crispy ranch chicken sandwich with fries and I was content.  Service was pretty rocky for lunch time.  Took  solid 8 or 9 minutes to get us all waters.  They also said they were bringing us out some chips and salsa but never did.  Prices are good and they have a ton of deals which is nice.  Also never been happy they got rid of the awesome blossom but the fact that they keep the signs up for it is just a slap in my awesome blossom craving face.  Bring it back or take down the signs!My salad was soft.  There was no type of crunch. The Salad was called Santa Fe Crisp!!!!!! The service was mediocre to say the least. Lighting was bad. I wouldn't eat here again. I mean I might try something else but that salad was just bad.I'm sitting in front of this place now. After a long dysfunctional day you would think that someone somewhere would have it together. I go pick up my to go order and  after having to make someone acknowledge that i was standing there the employee says she don't have my order and that "the online order thing just does that sometimes."  Didnt even offer to take my order.. just walked away. I hate bad service. Never again. If you are looking for some good service go elsewhere.  I live in the area but the extra drive to red lobsters or the ale house will be worth it compared to dealing with thatI LOVE LOVE LOVE Authentic Mexican Food! I *also* enjoy getting great bar food at a sports bar and enjoying a few adult beverages as I watch the game on the big screen. And of course, there's the incredible pleasure of experiencing the feel of a neighborhood restaurant that takes full advantage of its unique location in an historic setting.
None of which you will find at this Chili's, which is a bad one of them things, and doesn't even feature the ginormous portion sizes of the Standard American TGI Bennihouligan Tuesday's-style restaurants.
The one plus is we had good service with a large party, and AFAIK nobody got food poisoning, although in my case it's because I stopped eating "onion strings" very, very soon after tasting them (I realized they had taken the appellation "string" literally, although "grease strings" would have been a more accurate description) and I sent my pink-and-still-mooing "medium well" burger back for a second-pass through the slaughterhouse. (It is possible they had killed it the first time and it had become a zombie hamburger, and since it was both bright pink AND cold, this seems like as good a theory as any to me.)The food was good. I had the stuffed chicken marsala and the zuppa soup. A little saltier this time around but good. Service was great and I didn't have a long wait to be seated which was a plus.Last Saturday this place was crowded, but the wait time for table wasn't too bad 20 minutes. 
I fucked up two bowls a chili before my Cajun Pasta made it to the table.... Yeah, it was that good.First chili's is always my go to for a quick bite and drink. Our waitress was so lovely. She was very quick and our order was perfect. We ordered multiple things due to being hungover from the night before. The chili and Caesar salad came out first. Chili? AMAZING. The Caesar salad was pretty sad tho, just some lettuce and a couple croutons thrown on top (dressing came on the side). We also ordered some fajitas with chicken, shrimp, and steak. The steak was so AMAZING and juicy that i wanted to eat it by itself. The outside was crispy and the inside wasn't toooo too well done (as i like my steak medium well). The juices from the chicken squirted out like the meat was marinated overnight. Just perfect :) 
We also ordered the appetizer sampler w/ boneless honey chipotle chicken bites, mini burgers, and southwest egg rolls. That was perfect as well, the only thing i had a problem with was the margarita chicken flat bread that we ordered. It seemed as if it wasn't cooked long enough, i usually always like it when i order it but this time i couldn't bare with it. Maybe a different recipe? If so, i didn't like it and would recommend the old recipe when the bread was thinner (like a flat bread is supposed to be) ALSO
they are running a special this month with Hennessy Harvest. It's a Tequila and hen eat mix drink for $5 bucks!!!Chilis is always a great casual dining experience. The food always tastes great and is reasonably priced. The menu offers variety and quality. I always enjoy visiting Chilis.Don't even waste your money. Horrible customer service. Waited for our drinks for 20 minutes. Appetizer was ice cold. The staff could not get any more rude. If you are not sitting at the bar you are treated as if you don't exist. Stay away from this location!!So I took my kids here yesterday for the first time in about 3 years because the last time we was there the floors was dirty. Plus my daughter hamburger was under cooked. Well we tried Chili's again and once again my daughter burger was under cooked. We waited 20 mins to try and get the waiter to take it back to the kitchen but he never returned to check on us. I ended up taking her to McDonald's to get something to eat. I also had a problem with my food. I ordered the chipotle bowl and it was over seasoned and had red beans in it instead of black beans. In addition to the food being of poor quality the bathrooms was dirty. I would never come here again.This location isn't super busy which is nice and the food is almost always on point! This visit I had *The Boss* - one of the best I've ever had (I love variety) this is sure to satisfy as it has smoked brisket, rib meat, jalapeño-cheddar smoked sausage, bacon & cheddar with lettuce, tomato, house BBQ & house-made ranch. Just delicious! I also always get the Texas Cheese Fries-Shredded cheese, bacon, jalapeños, green onions served with house-made ranch- Always get! This trip got a treat -Skillet Chocolate Chip Cookie topped with vanilla ice cream and hot fudge - On the house as a member of the Chili rewards email sign up!!! So sign up to get some awesome sweets for free- you were going to eat there anyway right ?!Stopped here with 6 other ppl on Friday 7/26. Wanted to grab some food n drinks before the Phillies game. Waited 20 mins even though the restaurant wasn't packed. Ppl were complaining because they weren't being seated. When we asked the Mgr., if she could seat anybody she told us NO. When we said we were calling corporate she said she didn't care. 
I will never go there again. They don't value your time, money or patronage. 
I'm glad the restaurant Mgr let us know they don't care about customer service. One whole side of the restaurant was closed off w/servers standing around talking. I guess 7 ppl with food and alcohol wasn't enough to make them work.I took my couple to this place in couples week ago. 
The foods and service is really nice we all like it. 
It's commanded to this place.We had some errands to do, mainly Home Depot and the grocery store. And we knew we couldn't go buy groceries hungry. So, my husband suggested we grab a bite at Chili's, probably because he wanted to be all nostalgic of his days as a server here (face it - we've all served at a chain at one point, am I right?!)
It had been years since I stepped foot in a Chili's and I was not optimistic. We sat at the bar and were promptly served with drinks. The bartender looked confused when my husband said he wanted a summer ale (there was only one on tap - Sam Adams), but other than that, the server was attentive.
Chili's menu is ridiculously huge. I think they are going for quantity over quality, but I can't blame them. The people love options! I settled on fried pickles for an appetizer and they were hot and tasty. I also got the soup and salad. The soup, a chicken tortilla, was pretty good, but the salad was drenched in dressing, so I only took a few bites. 
My husband enjoyed his burger and said it was "good." If you must eat at a chain, this is a decent option.Excellent service from Asia the bartender. Very attentive, professional, and with a great sense of humor. The food presentation was extraordinary and it came out fastI stopped here on a really random weeknight... I was starving had a bit of a ride home to make dinner but I wasn't going to make it didn't want french fries had some time to kill... haven't been to Chili's in years eh sure why not... I wasn't expecting much, I had only been to one maybe once before. Came in they were nice enough, we were seated immediately... only issue we were the table right by the kitchen... our waiter, super nice, very tall knows his stuff very attentive don't remember his name but wish I did cause he was pretty awesome. My order was a bit of a pain, I literally switched everything it came with but he was like it's totally fine. I ended up with a mango glazed salmon with street corn and fries... I know earlier I said I didn't want fries, but let's face it I always want fries lol and they did not disappoint... I was pleasantly surprised when my meal came out.. everything was bigger than I expected... I told u I was starving so I actually didn't nab a pic which sucks cause it looked great and everything tasted even better! My drink was delicious I had the Tito's punch. My only complaint is that an argument or something broke out in the kitchen... which basically I got a full earful due to our table placement... but it didn't affect my meal quality in the least.  Oh and it was a pretty cheap stop.. hopefully not pushing my luck, but I would come again.Overall had a great experience here! I go to Chili's often, so I receive a lot of coupons on my app and in my email. I had a coupon for free chips and queso, but our waiter gave us guac instead. When I reminded him we asked for queso, we ended up with both guac and queso for free! He also gave us additional chips when asked. We had great service, our waiter was very accommodating to our needs and food modifications. I ordered off the 3 for $10 and got the chicken enchilada soup and just bacon burger. The soup never disappoints, and I convinced my family to try too and they also loved it! I ordered my burger without bacon and tomato, and it was good! Had a fun time and ate good food!I keep wanting to write a review on here but always gets distracted from something. So here it goes....we came here on a Sunday around 8pm. They close at 10. There was 3 hostess at the front and didn't say a word until after 5 mins. Chit chatter amongst themselves and told us we had a 15-20 mins wait. Because no server wanted to wait on or whatever reason? We then get seated and no waiter or waitress came until about 15-20 mins later.  She came and said she didn't know she had a table waiting. Like wtf. So we order, we usually just like to eat in and out. We don't linger even if we did have our kids with us. They are well behaved. Drinks came out first. She spilled something and was like oh shit. Yes very professional. Food took forever. My order was wrong. I think the manger came out with my food and I told him it was wrong. Took it back and came out within mins, probably just took the chicken off and replace with shrimps. This is the last time we will be dining here. They need better staff. Especially the hostess. And i still left a decent tip!Ordered a medium rare burger. Got a burger much closer to well done. Not to mention about a 30-45 min wait for the burger. Along with having three different drinks besides the one I actually ordered brought over.This review is short, my company ordered various items for a work lunch and the food was awful. I didn't have high expectations but they managed to still disappoint. Over fried, over cooked, dry and SALTY food. Just not good, corn and coleslaw the best things we got. My goodness do better, this was a complete waste of money.We came in and it was mostly empty. No one was at the front. Some people poked out of the back and looked at us. Eventually one of the peepers came out and told us to follow. We followed and she took us to a table with salsa dumped all over the table and seat. She then decided against it. That was good since I did not want to sit there. So she led us to another table where she had the seating chart. After that we were taken back to the other side of the building. There was a slow crawling fly in this booth but it was easily removed. Odd to have a fly in December. 
The cool thing is if you get there during happy you get grandfathered in. Even when happy hour ends you still get your drinks for $3. 
The food was ok and our server was very good. I think he was the only person taking this place seriously. We made sure he was tipped well. Then the pay at your table computer took his tip away. 
we had a bunch of trouble paying. Now I need to check my bank account and make sure the correct amount came out. We ended up just leaving cash on the table to make sure he got it.It's Chili's not Ruth Chris, ffs. Charr waited on Capt & me in bar area. Very nice and efficient waitress. Got a sirloin cooked med rare. Was pretty good with the loaded taters. Again, this isn't table cloth food, it's Chili's.This is the WORST Chili's I have ever gotten food from. I stopped going to this place years ago due to their screw ups and bad attitude but recently I have ordered food from Grubhub for delivery. DON'T.  They messed up my order every single time. Grubhub has been great about it but they wouldn't have to if they got this right. Tonight for example I ordered food from there and I got stuff I didn't order and missing stuff. Grubhub refunded my $$ but I was still hungry so I ordered again. One of the things I ordered was a Classic Nachos but it came folded into small styrofoam box all folded up on aluminum foil. All the cheese was stuck to it. It was ruined. They JUST DON'T CARE. If they did they would put this in a small pizza like box. Don't order from them. You will be disappointed. Horrible.The restaurant closes at 10pm, but I'm curious to know why I cannot place a pick up order when I called at 9:15.  So you guys close at 10pm or 9pm?!? What's the point of closing at 10 if we can't get food before then?  Very disappointed!My daughter treated us to Chili's for lunch. I have to say my grandchildren platters were great. One had cheese burger, one had hot wings. The adults had salads... They were horrible. Wilted lettuce, brown avocados, chopped tomatoes. Very disappointing even though we all had different salads the base was mostly the same with a few extra ingredients to make the salad different. But they were sad and a waste of money. We agreed we won't be ordering from them again. Being stuck in the house doesn't mean to serve people mediocre food... Shame on youIf it were possible, I would give this place 0 stars. This is the most disgusting place ever. I ordered a margarita and it tasted like dirty dish water. Then I had the enchiladas and while eating the rice and beans, there was a plastic piece in me food about an INCH LONG I almost choked on it. I told the waiter and he brought out the manager. The manager cam out and when I explained the problem to him all he had to say was "we don't have anything like that in the kitchen, we'll take it off your bill" like are you kidding me? I could have choked on that thing and not even an apology? I will NEVER come back to this place ever again.Placed a delivery order last night at South Philly Chili's location. Was given ETA within an hour for the food to be delivered by Door Dash. About an hour later the delivery guy texted he would wait because they were busy. Then 25 minutes later he texted that someone took the food then the delivery was cancelled. After waiting for almost 2 hours for nothing, starving, did not get the food but they took the money and didn't automatically refund it. No phone call nothing, just an email saying I have to call them to get my money refunded?! Clearly I didn't get the food and I have to waste more time & put more effort to get my money back. They could've just refunded my money right away when the order is not delivered/fulfilled! I called them, they told me to call back to wait for their manager, waste my time again. This is the worst customer experience, very unprofessional! Would not order or eat at this place anymore!Bartender Raina was totally on point from the moment I came in she was tending to the bar and wiping it down and keeping it clean. I went to the bathroom as soon as I got here, the hostess at the door didn't speak or greet me but Raina made up for everything else, drinks was poured to the correct portion and food was brought out swiftly. I would give a 4 bc if the hostess but Ima give 5 bc Raina was on point. Usually I got to chili's on City Ave where the bar is always clustered I was pleased with my first time here over all ...wait I spoke too fast something up with the cooks they sent out un-proportioned  chicken ranchero tacos and spinach dip!  Ok so scratch that about the kitchen bc I told them about the size portion and the manager a Caucasian lady with dark brown hair brought out the correct portion size for my dip and made me a taco personally!!! Now that's what I call service !!!!! Thanks guys !!!! Thanks sooooo much !!!! I will be back ! I just found out the manager name was Kimberly. :)wait I forgot mention they even have a dope music selection playing !!I've been here many times before back in the day when I was living in Philly but I haven't been here for years and the reason I'm back here again was because of the convenient location near my brother's house and since he has never ate at Chili's before, I decided to take him here for lunch on Black Friday. 
For our appetizer, we ordered the triple dipper and my brother opted for the southwestern egg rolls, crispy cheddar balls and chicken crispers. For our entrees, I got the ancho salmon with mashed potatoes and corn and he got the grass-fed sunrise burger, more so because of the bacon and fried egg on top. 
Service was really good and our waitress was very nice and accommodating, allowing us to use a free appetizer promotional code. However, the food was quite disappointing, which is why we won't be back again. My salmon was very bland, dry and overcooked with a handful of bones in it. All the salmon fillets I had in my entire life (even at chains) were boneless. 
My brother's burger was decent but it was very greasy and messy with too much salt in it so it felt like he was eating a burger dipped in the ocean. The appetizers were the only food item that was half way decent in taste except for the soggy chicken crispers. Sorry Chili's, you have to step your game up.I am a bit late on this review but nonetheless I'm writing it anyway. Last night I went out to dinner to this same Chili's that messed up our order when we got take out. However, they are better when in person. But, I do have some complaints. One, one of my mother's friends came with us, and around a hour before, she called to see if she could set up a reservation. However, they said they didn't take reservations. But of course, when we got there, right on the window was an image saying to make a reservation! So that got us a bit annoyed. 
We also had to wait outside for around 20-25 minutes with two handicapped people in our party. The food and service on the other hand, were pretty good. Our waitress was very nice, and she was very social too. The food was exactly everyone asked for for all of us, so that was good, too. At the end, before we left, I got desert to go, and it was packed up good, with the ice cream in a little container. 
Overall, I would say GOING to Chili's was a better experience.My good friends go to this Chili's and took me there for dinner.  The 2 for 20 is the real value here - if you happen to like the food.
It's just not my thing.
Food is 2 stars at best.
Service here was good the evening we went - and we were on a tight timeline and were able to get in and out quickly on a slow Monday night.
The "loaded" french fry appetizer was good.  The steak was over-salted and over cooked.  Corn on the cob was surprisingly sweet and good (did they add sugar??).
Meanwhile, I am grateful to my friends for their generosity - but Chili's is just OK.Waited soooo long to be seated for a table for 2... they said they were understaffed. We finally get seated and literally get the worst waitor he mumbled so bad you could barely understand him and he seemed so confused maybe he was new idk. The soda here is god awful, like so bad I couldn't even drink it after one sip it was so seltzery and nasty didn't even taste like coke. The guacamole was good the first time I got it but not the second time I got it to go it was so over flavored too much of everything. Also there chips are way to thin and flimsy. Got the Cajun pasta with chicken and it was just alright nothing special and the chicken was not good. Would not recommend visiting this Chili'sService is really slow, waitresses got lots of attitude, plates looks poor, lots of negativity and really dirty. I would never come back here on top of that one of the waiters spilled the margarita on the table and it got all over my lap, food is really cold if ask for something like napkins they take like 15 minutes to bring it nor bring it at all.I typically don't eat out  whole lot because I just happen to love to cook at home.  The fiancée, Luis and I were headed out for a night on the town, I didn't feel like cooking beforehand and we wanted something quick and cheap.  Chili's is literally five minutes from where we live,  so what the heck.  
We get there and it's about a ten minute wait for a table. I took a glance at the bar but it was packed so table it is.  This Friday evening's crowd consisted of teens on first dates, folks grabbing drinks and families taking their kids to dinner.  
While sitting there, we noticed five or six servers standing around, talking and paying no attention to the crowd forming at the hostess stand and through the door.  Another server walks over to chat with someone's dessert in hand.  Yikes.  
Anyway,  we were sat at a two top which was way too small.  Kind of  like a children's table. I think I mistakenly kicked my guy three or four times during our lackluster meal.  So,  we're talking and talking... And talking.. Then I realize ten minutes had passed us by.  At this point, I'm getting annoyed and about to turn into some evil creature because I'm starving.  I tell Luis to make up his mind now so once the server arrives from the Land of Nowhere, USA... We'll be ready.  She finally arrived and takes our order.  
He gets the classic burger and I order the Cajun chicken pasta, both part of their 2 for $20 deal, along with a stack of onion rings for an appetizer. I saw the $35 deal where you get two top shelf margaritas, appetizer, full sized entrees and dessert. Not bad. 
Onion rings come and they're really good. Ranch dipping sauce. Entrees come and she kinda slams my plate down while I'm eating. Oh word? Okay.  
She comes back a while later and stands there by us wiping her eyes and face for an obnoxious two minutes before asking us and I quote "How was the food,  was it mediocre?".... Uh what? I asked for the check and she pulled it up on one of those touch screens and left.  Thank God. 
These kids need better training.  Yikes.I'm not expecting gourmet food and impeccable service.
I know what I'm getting when I stop here.
But in this Chili's I can't  figure out if the food is worse than the service or the service is worse than the food.
Seems like I'll have a long time to figure it out while I wait for my server to get done leaning on the service bar while she finishes her soda.My daughter and I came here for dinner, both ordered steaks medium, they both came out well done after waiting over 40 minutes. The rice was warm but the loaded  potatoes were not. Also service was terrible and it was dead. Would not recommend UPDate okay we return both plates and only order 1 and the steak was done correctly but the potatoes & rice were still warm not hot  unbelievableWorst place EVER to eat. Wait time to get a seat was about 15 minutes but that's where they get you. After ordering your food, it's another 1 1/2 hour wait until you actually get your food. I ordered the ribeye and it looks like sirloin. I ordered it medium rare and it was well done. I felt like I was chewing cardboard. My loaded potato soup was too thick to be soup.  Lastly, the kids pizza dish came out last of all the other orders...really? One and half hour for kids' pizza? Do yourself a favor and DO NOT EAT here!!!I work in center city and have to work late on many a night. 
Chili's is a great option for delivery in Center City Philadelphia.  The order is accurate, the timing is fast and the food great. Perfect for a 8pm dinner in your conference room.If I could give this location 1 star I would, this is the worse chili's in the city. I work near by and I enjoy their lunch specials so it's always convenient to stop in this location. Almost every time I order something my order comes out wrong. I cannot have cheese so I do not order items with cheese yet they always seem to throw it on. I get an hour for lunch and I always seem to spend the entire house in here after they've messed up an order. The staff is always welcoming, but it doesn't help to have a welcoming staff that can't read order slips or don't know which items do not get cheese on their own menu. If they're not putting cheese on things they're using wilted lettuce and tomatoes.Haven't even gotten my meal yet and feel the need to start reviewing the place. The wait wasn't so bad but once we sat down is where it went down hill. It took 20 minutes just to meet our server, only after asking the host twice to find us our server. We put in our drink, appetizer and entree order since we had plenty of time to think it over. We received drinks in portions, 10 minutes apart. After 40 minutes of sitting down, we received our appetizers. Texas cheese fries, fried pickles and chips and salsa/guac. The fries were cold, pickles were not fried long enough and the chips were all crumbs. One of my party received his soup served with plastic spoons after everyone finished the sub-par appetizers. 
We found out that the establishments dish washer walked out. This was mid rush hour. No management was walking around to explain the long wait, complications or to express their apologies. You are better off eating somewhere else or paying more money a block over at Maggiano's. This place acted as if it just opened with inexperienced servers and management. 
Hour and ten minutes after sitting down we are receiving our food. Here we go... 
Ordered a burger. It came out warm but not hot. Has to send it back to get a different bun put on it because they put a sauce on the burger that wasn't supposed to be there. It didn't come out any warmer though. Two orders of Cajun chicken pasta received warm not hot. The other orders were sufficient for the state of hunger my party was in. We didn't want to risk waiting longer for replacement food by complaining.Yesterday i went with a party of a 5 . As usual i thought the food would be great but this time i was disappointed.  I orderd texes fries with extra jalapeño fajita chicken and a steak . When the food came the texas fries were cold and the cheese and fries were clearly microwaved. The fahjita chicken was burned and the steak wasnt the best. If somebody went to this place for the first time and had the same experience he would have never cameback but i know this place. I love this place but what happend last night wasnt acceptable.Very pitiful dining experience. Walked in and the staff seemed almost angry to have the misfortune of seating me and my guest. The appetizer had a hair in it, right inside plain to see. And it wasn't a small hair either it was a long, curly, black mother. I figured "Oh well, this happens all the time" and just kept eating. Besides that, the fries themselves were disappointing. We ordered the Texas cheese fries and it was served to us warm to the touch, almost as if it had just come out of the microwave-oven. The cheese wasn't melted and the fries were crunch and nearly hollow. My entrée was the chicken crispers, original. All it was was breaded chicken gristle. All of it tough. So disappointing. I could even see employees coming to the back corner where I was sitting so they could go on their phones before whoever was watching them could see. The only good thing about this trip was how fast I got to leave because we were sat next to the register. Never coming back.Went here yesterday for lunch after taking my kids to the Comcast center and the light show at Macy's. Food was okay, nothing great but the waitress with a little star temp tattoo below her right eye was horrible.  She took forever to come and get the order and never came back to make sure everything was okay, and it wasn't. When she did show back up we had been there for almost an hour and a half and just wanted to get out and leave. It really wasn't that busy and it looked like she was only taking care of two other tables the entire time. She would go missing for 15-25 minutes after she went into the back.Chillis is chillis and this location is no different. I normally love hitting the local Chillis when I travel because they do a great job of producing a consistent product. This was the first location that I've visited that has the new pay method at the table. All I can say is very, very bad idea. I understand the thought behind this but the servers should be able to have the option of ringing out big groups without this method. The thing kept breaking and running out of paper. It took over 25 mins to ring up everyone in our work group. Maybe chillis needs to go back to the drawing board on this one. But the food and service were good.First time going here and it was not what we expected.. We had to wait 20 minutes to be seated and another 10-12 minutes for our food to arrive .. The food we ordered did not have any flavor.. The only good thing was desert and the waitress that attended us.Came here on Mothers Day afternoon. Place was empty. Servers and bartender were outside and "chillin. Was met with a smile. Things got worse,  bartender was on his phone in front of guests. Out of some draft beers and didn't offer an excuse or try to suggest a substitute. Instead he chatted with the unattended servers. Ordered a appetizer and even though no guests were in the restaurant was given the worst possible service. Never have I been treated so poorly.Horrible service.  Took 25 minutes to take our drink order and regular order.  Took another 40 minutes to get food.  Our food was cold only th in hot was the fajitas.  Also the women's bathroom was disgusting.  My first and definitely last visit.This is by far the worst Chili's I have been to. I am from Ohio and Chili's was one of our "go to places" in my town. I think this city is turning me into a food snob. I went there for lunch with a friend today when we go out of class. She had work for Chili's for 2 years and worked at the Center City one for a few months. We went there just to go, and I might not go back again. I had the "Old Timer" burger with the black bean burger substitute. I love Chili's black bean burger but this one sucked! It was dry and over cooked :-(. The bun was soggy and my broccoli was just smooshy and not good. Sigh, this is why I do not go to chains anymore, my expectations are far to highWhat can I say?  It's a Chili's.  The location smack in the middle of Center City is good and the food is consistent.  Generally, I think you should try something more adventurous at Reading Terminal Market on the next block, but you're not going to go wrong here.Tables are filthy. Service is delayed. 
But with all that in mind I would just let it slide and wouldn't take my time to write this review if it wasn't for the fact that I almost vomited there after being served a fajita with some burnt oil that smelled like engine oil and tasted like nothing that I have tasted before. 
Really badSolid food - burgers and fries were tasty and just what we needed in terms of proximity to the conference hotel AND a late night dinner run. Honestly, better than most chains. We opted for take out, so can't comment on the table service. Turn around for the order was relatively quick for a restaurant that's not a fast food joint.I ended up at Chili's because I got rerouted because of some protesters in center city.  They pretty much shut down every road I needed to access to get to the restaurant I was trying to get to.  Grrrr!  We were really hungry and came across a parking spot in front of Chili's and figured we were running out of choices.  We sat bar side and had a great server.  She made us a Mango Patron Margarita, which was good, but pure juice, no alcohol.  I had a bad experience in a different Chili's years ago so I knew what to expect as far as the food goes, but the one thing I figured they could not mess up were nachos.  Boy was I wrong!  Their nachos are portioned.  A small order has six nachos and a large has 12.  There was an extra $2.00 to add beef.  So a plate of 12 nachos came out, each with the cheese, one slice of jalapeno pepper, and a shaved piece of dried out beef, or what was suppose to be beef.  There was about a tablespoon of tasteless salsa and sour cream in the middle of the plate.  
We left half of the order because they were not even edible, not to mention what my husband did eat, he removed the meet because it had a funny taste.  I don't know how they are getting away with serving this stuff with so many good restaurants near them.  There will not be a third time that I throw money down the drain in another Chili's.Of course, it's a chain. It's not the best. It's not the worst.
When I visit Philly, I usually stay in Center City. If I'm feeling lazy and don't want to bother going out to dinner, I typically grab some beer from a nearby variety store, and then grab dinner from here to eat in my room - it's close to whatever hotel I'm staying in (whether it's the Holiday Inn south of Market, the Hampton Inn north of Market, or any of the others close-by.)
I get the same thing every time...the steak with shrimp and loaded mash. Bill usually comes to $22 or so if I get a soda. 
The one time I did eat in was an okay experience. I did feel a little ripped with the drink I got though...the glass was barely 8 ounces and I paid $9 for it. It was a good margarita but it would've been nice if the glass was a bit bigger.
There are other chains nearby like Olive Garden and Applebee's so make sure they get a little love too if you're planning on going this route for food...Olive Garden always seems to be an hour wait and Applebee's is a little out the way.
Oh well.Never been a big fan of Chili's but I've always liked their appetizers. I prefer this Chili's over others because the location is down Center City. I recommend this as a great place to catch a bite to eat for lunch while down town also check out their happy hour. The customer service here is very good!!Came in during a time that was moderately busy but not a rush hour, there was no wait to be seated and multiple open options for seating. Very clean and very friendly staff. Some newer menu options. A few items have gone up in price point but not unreasonably. (Two for 20 deal is now 22 some items have small .50 1.00 adjustments which could factor in if your budget is planned, this is not part of my review however only providing information)  Our server asked for our drink order and we did not see them again for some time. It was cola and water and a juice. Our order was taken when our drinks arrived, for appetizer and meals. They did not write it down. I don't normally have any concerns about that, I realize that when you do this work all day and night remembering orders is common. However when the appetizer arrived it was the wrong menu item completely. Not even a similar name of item. It had gotten busier by this time so we choose not to be picky or stressful customers and just go with it and enjoy the day. It would have be nice to get drink refills at this time but we weren't asked, even tho we had empty glasses, and we tried to get our servers attention about it. After several attempts over enough time that we had finished our appetizer without the server returning we asked another person if they could get our server or help with refills. They got them. We appreciated it. Shortly after the food arrived. It honestly tasted quite good, but it was room temperature to slightly warm. It was not hot. It had gotten a bit busier since we arrived, but there we still not a line, and I'm not certain what would cause an order being placed before more people arrived to cause ours to come out slowly or wait so long it cooled so much. Overall, nothing tasted bad. We were treated with courtesy. The space was clean and well kept. If we had been given the correct appetizer, had not had to ask a different server for help getting refills, and gotten hot food I would have felt good about 4 stars as we had a nice time talking and spending time here. But I do need to factor those in for an honest review so I can only say 3 stars, a mostly satisfying but in no rush to return, feeling.Terrible. I mean terrible. From the moment we walked in the door it was all downhill. 
The place was empty yet we had to wait to be seated cause a hostess wasn't anywhere to be found. Ordered a round of drinks, and placed our order shortly after. 20 min later, the waiter comes (we thought he'd be bringing our food) to tell us they were out of the entree my friend ordered. Why it took them 20 min to realize that? Who knows! 
Food arrives another 20 min later, lukewarm. Everything was extremely salty and mediocre at best. How do you screw up basic Mexican staples? Who knows!
While eating our waiter never came by once to check on us. After we finished and asked for our check, we waited forever for that to arrive.  And then had to hand deliver it to the bar to be processed. 
Why did I come here in the first place? Who knows! Actually, a friend had a gift card. Should have just sat at the bar and spent it on booze.Great lunch today. The blueberry and pineapple margarita was on point and so was Terry, our server.Took 15 minutes for waitress to take order, 25 minutes for two burgers, one burger came out in correct. Manager did nothing to address it.  1 hour later no food heading home. Customer service sucked. The onion rings I had were good though.This place sucks, don't come here. Our food was cold and our drinks were unbalanced. The only reason why I'm giving this place 3 stars is because the hostess, Trainna, was lovely. She made our night with her beautiful smile and she constantly checked up on us (more than our waitress did!).  When at the last moment I changed my mind about my drink order, she quickly rushed to the bar to make the change for me while we were looking for our waitress. If you're coming to the chili's in center city, make sure you come when she is working!! She's the best!Waitress was decent, but not very attentive or friendly. Our two favorite menu items are no longer on the menu, which is sad! Rice and beans with my wife's meal were cold and the beans with my meal were very cold (like they just pulled them from the fridge)! We complained to our waitress and received an insincere apology and said she'd go tell the cook. There was no compensation for cold food. We used to love chili's, but will definitely not return to this location and will think twice before going to any Chili's againIt's been 84 years. Still haven't seen a waitress after I ordered dessert. I think my body has fused to this chair. Food was great but...honestly.My first time ever at a Chili's and everything was so good!! My boyfriend ordered  the mix and match fajitas while my boyfriends mom and I ordered the two for $20 - 1 app 2 entree deal, we got the Texas Cheese Fries and Bacon Ranch Chicken Quesadillas and Cajun Chicken Pasta. Everything was so delicious and with a great deal for dinner you really can't complain and the portion size is pretty big too. 
Our Server was pretty attentive and nice, but the only con is that its so dirty... like i had to sweep the breadcrumbs off the seat before i sat down and under the table there was so many trash. But other besides that i enjoyed my dinner here.Its Chili's so the food is pretty much all tge same as any other Chili's so the service makes all the difference in your dining experience. My friend and I are attending the National Veterans Wheelchair games and our hotel is right around the corner. We came in last night for dinner and a margarita, it was crowded so we sat at the bar. The bartender last night was friendly and fun and really good at her job. We had a great time with her and the servers coming and going for drinks were smiling and pleasant.  Tonight we came back and the bartender is gruff, all business, and not very friendly. If he had been here last night we would not have come back tonight,  jus sayin..........I wanted something quick at 830pm. This wasn't it. Restaurant is dead. Meaning the cooks may have died and gone to heaven. The table side guacamole wasn't table side. But later I got the shrimp fajitas and they came out sizzling with a ton of shrimp. 
It's hard to rate this place. There are a ton of great places around here, so why go to Chilis in the first place?  The service was mixed but the food was just above average. Mixed emotions on this review.Unlimited soup and salad for lunch?  I'll take it!
I don't really see a point in reviewing a big franchise giant like Chili's, but I'll do it anyway.  I had bad experiences in a different Chili's in Virginia, which I never want to speak of again.  But I really enjoyed my lunch trip here.  My bf and I got the Chicken enchilada soup and I got the Broccoli and Cheddar soup.  It was very creamy with a good flavor.  The lunch special also came with chips and salsa and garlic bread.  It was a very good lunch deal.  The wait staff was very nice and I would come back again.  The only problem I had was the tortilla chips were laden with salt.  I had to scrap it off the side of my dish so I wont go over my sodium intake for the day.  The tortilla chips need serious help.I love all kinds of food and this was Absolutely HORRIBLE.   Sat at table and waited forever for a server then when he got there I placed my order.   Since it took so long I ordered the appetizer and main meal at the same time with assurance they would not come out together.  I will let you guess how that turned out.   I was told by the server he had too many tables and no one would help him run food.    I began to say and that is my problem how but I didn't needed to.     There it sat in front of me something in a skillet that looked much like Alpo, but I have a dog and alpo looks better.   
The salt on the chips was unbearable and only in second place to the salt on the buffalo ranch sandwich.   I would have been glad to have provided this feedback to the server or manager but I never saw one , well until I shied out my credit card.This place was a step above you usual Chilli's. The bartender was awesome and our service was great. Very nice!3 stars is being pretty generous - but this location is better than the one in University City (but not by much.)
Yuck.  I really loathe chain restaurants and Chili's is no exception.  The one nice this about this Chili's is it's proximity to the Convention Center and the universally cheap and greasy burgers and other fried foods are the same at any Chili's nation wide.  My friend loves the Southwest eggroll app.
It's not so clean in here - and the place is run by illetrates and teenagers.
I guess it beats TGI Friday's - but again, not by much.Where do I start.. first off the service was horrible!!! They got our order wrong twice! Argued with my husband on what local crafts were. Took.way to long to get my drinks and they weren't good. I ordered margaritas. They took forever to bring us our food, fries had no seasoning.  Food was ok. Just do your self a favor skip this place all together!!I Love Chili's because their food is out of this universe. They have wonderful wait staff as well as chefs and bartenders. They have many convenient  locations across the country. They have a very warm and inviting family friendly atmosphere that is still very intimate and goes right along with the wonderful menu. Overall I would gladly recommend Chili's to anyone who loves great food and a wonderful atmosphere.okay food without much impressionI've eaten at other Chili's restaurants, and they were very good; but this location was absolutely HORRIBLE!
I was on lunch break from jury duty, and since Chili's was close, decided to eat lunch there.  Was seated very quickly, and knew what I wanted to eat.  Order was taken, food served.  The bacon cheeseburger was literally thrown together; the contents were dripping with grease and almost slid out of the bun.  Fries were OK.
Service was basically nil.  The server said he'd bring napkins, but never did (luckily I carry some just in case).  No straw for the drink.
When it was time to pay, he just pushed the machine in front of me and walked away.  I figured it out on my own, even though I'm vision impaired).  We were told that if we showed our jurors' badges, there was a 10% discount.  I asked the guy who seated me about it, and he went to get my server, who said I needed a flyer, which we knew nothing about.  When I told him that all we needed to do was show the badges, he said, "Nothing I can do about it."  I told him that I wouldn't be back, and that the food and service sucked and walked out.No greeting whatsoever, and had to locate someone to seat us.
Tiled table that holds greasy moisture.
Friendly waitress.
Strange guacamole.
Salty and greasy tortilla chips and food.
Cold beer.
Check please.How hard can take out be?
I ordered and paid online. I included a tip. Had I known how lousy the service was going to be I would have left nothing. The three (3!!) people standing at the door directed me to the bar. One of the two (2!!) people at the bar waiting on a handful of customers, told me to go around to the other side of the bar - there was a takeout window. I waited there for about 5 minutes - looking at my order getting cold. I went back around to the bar to inquire. This clearly annoyed the woman at the bar. Finally, a woman showed up and promptly answered the phone rather than wait on the customer standing right in front of her. The salad was ok (a lot of wilted iceberg) the soup was, of course, cold - I won't be back.I once did a project in college that examined how judge's reference groups affected competency rulings for adolescents in the juvenile justice system. Read: if a judge compared the adolescent to another adolescent defendant, were they more likely to deem them competent to stand trial than If they compared them to an adult defendant? (Nerd alert, I was a psych major). How is this relevant to my chilis review, you may ask? Well, it all depends on your reference group. If you're comparing chilis to a five star fine dining establishment, chilis probably gets one or two stars at most. But if you compare chilis to its appropriate peer, aka the other shitty chains, were in four star territory! 
Favorites include but are not limited to: cheese curds, chicken fajitas, chicken crispers, old timer burger, southwest eggrolls, boneless buffalo wings, bacon chicken quesadilla, molten lava cake... I could go on and on. Special shout out to Devin, what a peachI don't usually review chain restaurants, but I enjoyed the salmon here because, unlike many chains, it was cooked perfectly, though a tad on the salty side from the seasonings. Each bite was a toss-up of emotions: loved it because it was moist and not overcooked; didn't like it because it was salty. It wasn't so bad that I had to send it back, but the veggies and rice helped.Do not expect good service here. My group came here twice. And I'm not sure why we even gave it a second chance. 
The first time we came here, it took our party 2 hours to get in and out. Groups of similar size were seated after we were and left thirty minutes before us. It was ridiculous. 
We decided to give it a second chance for drinks only and they didn't want to sit 8 people. We told them multiple times that we only wanted drinks. The customer service is TERRIBLE. If you want to eat timely and not spend your whole life at Chili's, please go somewhere else.I normally don't choose to eat a Chili's restaurants; however, I was trying to be efficient in my work travels and chose this Chilis for dinner one Saturday evening. 
This Chilis was conveniently across the street from the Marriott where I was staying and also at the base of the parking garage I was using. In addition, I was able to order my food online for carry-out while on the train from New York City. By the time I arrived, drove to the parking garage, and parked - my food was waiting for me on the carry-out counter and ready to go!
The food was good and the prices were as well making it an overall efficient and solid stop for dinner.Yum! I have not had Chillis in a while and they do have some good choices on the menu! I ordered honey chipolte chicken tenders with a side of rice and mac n cheese and it was delicious! Had loaded fries as an appetizer and they were also delicious! Prices are very reasonable and the portions were perfect! The staff was very helpful and friendly and the food was ready quickly!Came in after a very long walk around Center City trying to find a place that wasn't excessively loud and full. We were dead tired on our feet.  There was only 2 other couples ahead of us, I asked the host how long the wait would be and he said 15 minutes, didn't give us a number or ask for my name. So I went to the sitting area with my friend. And we waited. In that time another couple came in and a large family with many loud annoying kids who would run around the very small waiting room space. I'd say about 4' x 8' amount of space.  
So 15 minutes came up and the two parties ahead of us were served.  And the host came in and picked the couple that came in after us.  Was 15 minutes long enough to forget a face? I guess so even though I was the only Chinese person there, it just must be my incredibly non-descriptive forgettable face. We didn't want to cause a scene or deal with kids that asked everyone who walked in a million questions so we just left immediately after to take our business elsewhere.What a disappointing place to eat.
We were told there was a wait so we sat to wait and watched 3 parties walk in and get seated immediately. Finally get seated another couple was seated a few minutes later, waitress served them before us. Almost walked out. Food was okay, service was slow, and we tried to order desert and were told they were out...  Just a bad experience all around.Chili's is Chili's.  Im more of a "fresh mex" kind of girl so Chilis is just a few steps up from Taco Bell for me.  WHY did I go here ???  Well I was on foot, it was 20deg., roads/sidewalks super slushy gross and I was just looking for a quick and affordable lunch in between events.  Oh, and I wanted to have a glass of wine too.  So I was limited.  Like I said, it's Chilis.... I was not expecting much.  The bartender was real nice.For real tho, try to spend $40 anywhere else and see how satisfied you get.  Bomb.comWhile not mind-blowing, the food was good as was the service. I was pleased with my first visit to the chain Sunday night. Got the triple dipper appetizer to share and the grilled fish tacos for myself. My babylove got the bacon, chicken, and ranch quesadillas. 
Bill came to about $52 after tip which also included soda and a 16 Oz Blue Moon. Not too shabby. 
Their women's restroom is a disgrace, though. Trash and toilet paper on the floor, flimsy door locks, and then the stalls were a bit short on paper. 
Would return, despite.I love chili's and this one is AWFUL, which is a shame because I live in the neighborhood and would like to order take-out from them regularly. They have made mistakes on the order at least twice. The flatbread looks 10x worse than it does at other chili's. I've ordered the California chicken flatbread a couple times and they refuse to put avocado on it even though it clearly comes on it according to the menu. They also drastically underestimate how long it takes them to prepare a take out order. This most recent experience took much longer than it should- we arrived when the order was supposed to be ready and ended up waiting 45 extra minutes for the food both because it wasn't ready and then because they messed up the order. And no refund or anything to make up for food they messed up. Either they don't know what they are doing or they don't care. It's too bad because I regularly love their food. The only saving grace was that the woman working the take out desk was very apologetic.I'm not a picky eater but this place is mediocre even for Chili's. The service was unfriendly and robotic. The food was poorly cooked and served on chipped plates. Watched the waitress dip a glass in some water and then use it for a new customer. Gross.In town for business and stopped into chilies for dinner. Hostess told us it would be a 15 minute wait even though the place was almost empty. Went to to the bar and bartender told us a few people bailed on them. Was ready to walk out when one of the servers noticed us sitting and called us to a table. Everyone but him seemed pissy but he had a great attitude. Darius was his name, maybe make him the manager, had the right attitude when things were going wrong in the restaurant.Horrific.
Everywhere else around the convention center was packed, but Chili's was empty. I opted to sit at the bar for dinner.
Cons:
-Bartender barely acknowledged me; it took a long time for her to take my order, despite the rest of the bar being empty. 
-My quesadilla was so greasy it was like pepperoni pizza. I had to soak up the grease with napkins and even then, I just couldn't stomach it. It's pretty hard to mess up a quesadilla, so this doesn't bode well for more complicated meals. 
Pro:
-The manager comped my dinner without me asking or complaining. My bartender noticed I barely touched my food and advocated for me, which was a surprise given how aloof she was most of the time.Hope you have a lot of time to wait for every step on the process. Amazed that it take 30minute to fry chicken figures and kill the bbq sauce animal.I have been here several times. The food has been well prepared and the service is friendly. We stopped in tonight after Mass and the gentleman at the door was super friendly and did a great job explaining the electronic gaming/ordering/payment device at the table.
Our waiter was funny and friendly. I will definitely  be back.Food was ok.  The service was pretty slow.  It took forever to get our wine.  My friend's soup was cold, and her guacomole was overly salted.  I got the 3 appetizer plate, loaded potato skins, chicken crispers and southwestern egg rolls.  The egg rolls were excellent, the rest was just ok.If you don't take names at the host stand, how do you know who's next? Oh yeah you don't. You have hosts who seat in order of personal preference. On my way out the door to take my money elsewhere.a seemingly little-know secret about center city bars: the HUGE corporate places have cheaper drinks because they've got nationally set prices. (At the same time--you're less likely to get a bigger pour from a bartender because they are more closely watched)
if you're not trying to be seen and just went an ok frozen drink with some greasy food this is the best huge casual dining restaurant in center city (over TGi Fridays, Applebees, and Olive Garden) 
Sit at the bar--you'll meet a lot of people from out of town as the convention center and big hotels are across the street.I love chili's! Their food is fantastic and it had great flavor this time too except that it was soggy. Our order was suppose to be picked up at 7pm but it wasn't ready till after 8pm. After bringing the food back, we realized there were items missing. It took 5 tries to call before someone picked up the phone. The person I spoke with didn't seem apologetic or care much. When my boyfriend went back to get the missing item, they still managed to give him the wrong thing!
Ordering online is easy but there aren't descriptions of the items so it's hard to what ingredients are in it. We ended up getting items that had bacon in it and then as a result couldn't eat them.I came here today because I was at the courthouse, I had an hour to eat. I sat down at the bar, it took a while to greet me, which is not a big deal. Bartender took my drink order; I ordered my lunch. My lunch came, I was not handed silverware or napkins. Mid lunch, I ordered chicken fajitas which had no flavor I found a hair in my chicken. I told the bartender she handed me the full bill. I told her I didn't even finish my meal and that doesn't change the fact there's a hair in it. I told her to speak to her manager. She came back and said he gave me 20% off... thanks for your $2 discount. I would NEVER return here.Partner and I decided to drop by and grab lunch here a few days ago. Wow, we should have just gone elsewhere.
Hostess was nice and friendly, but she seemed a bit... frantic? Constantly walking back and forth between the dining area and the front. We just assumed she was trying to find free tables. A group that came in behind us tried to butt in front, but the hostess was professional enough to mention we were there before them and seated us ASAP.
Typical start, friendly waitress took our drink order and came back when we were ready to order. So far so good.
1 hour later, we get our appetizers. We got the triple dipper with spinach dip, southwestern eggrolls, and loaded potato skins. They were respectively cold and decent, warm and delicious, and melting hot and bland. Considering we were starving, we were just happy to have food in front of us.
Fortunately, our entrees came within a reasonable time. Unfortunately, they were all burnt to a crisp and overdone. My steak was still edible, but my partner's burger was practically sand in the mouth. I suggested he send it back, but he replied, "I'd rather eat this than have to wait forever for a new burger." How sad is that?
When we finally had our "fill" we had to practically leap into our waitress' view to grab her attention to pay the bill.
Friendly (when we can get their attention) doesn't make up for slow, spotty service and an equally slow and terrible cooking.
Never again.Worst experience at this chain restaurant. We sat at the bar which was dirty even we watched the staff clean the bar. Food and other debris remained on the counter and prep area. My husbands food had a wrapper in it and my salad lettuce came wilted as if it had been sitting out for hours. They even ruined the molten chocolate dessert by over doing the chocolate fudge on top. NEVER AGAIN. I'm still not sure why the Residence Inn - Marriott has them provide their room service.While serving Jury Duty, the judge gave us a little over an hour to get lunch. Instead of a sandwich wrapped in paper from Wawa and a sad bag of chips, I decided to spend my break at Chili's. The bartender was very nice and attentive. I ordered a soda and a wrap, which came out dry but after I asked for extra dressing, it wasn't so bad. The side of veggies were a bit soggy, but better than a bag of chips. 
There were complimentary newspapers folded at each bar seat, so I solved some sudoku puzzles to kill time after I inhaled my lunch. In the end, my lunch was a costly $12, but worth it.Ordered for room service two nights in a row. First night took over an hour and a half and order was almost all incorrect. Called, they covered bill and stated they would cover incorrect items next night. Next night told it would be here in 35 minutes, took over an hour. Some of order was incorrect and our medium well burger was raw! Very disappointed!!Terrible service! Waited ten minutes at the front and there was no hostess, we had to seek her out in order to get a table. Half the restaurant was empty but the hostess told us a 45 minute wait and then continued to ignore us. We walk up to another waitress asking for a table, who was willing to seat us immediately. The waitress went to talk to the hostess, who clearly just did not want to work and made up lies so we would leave. We ended up leaving because that hostess was so rude.I went to Chilis because every place seemed to be booked after 6pm on friday night through opentable.com. I tried the $35 special and included the following below. I ordered the Chili as extra.
Appetizer: Half Order of Texas Cheese Fries. The cheese fries was good included bacon. However, the cheese was dry.
Entrees: 1) Half Rack of Baby Back Ribs w/ Homestyle Fries. The ribs were good but a little on the dry side 2) The Santa Cruz Steak is also good but watchout for the mashed potatoes. It was extremely spicy.
Dessert: Ice Cream Brownie. It was delicious. The ice cream and brownie were fresh.
Extra: Chili was okay. It lacked meat and beans.
Overall, great first Chilis experience.I usually try and dodge corporate resurants. However I will always make an exception for Chili's. I love being able to pay at the table and the food is tasty.Chili's used to have good food...not anymore. The last few times I've been to a Chili's (different locations) the food was below average. This particular location we experienced pretty bad service. The ziosk that you are supposed to use to reorder your drinks was not working. The waitress said that she could see we were ordering them, but the order never went to the bar???  The bartenders did seem very lazy (slow) and there seems to be a number of areas of improvement needed at this location. I know there are many better places to eat in Philly, but the folks I was with wanted to go to Chili's...never again.I love Chili's...
This one is my favorite because its in Center City and the fact the service is soo awesome...
My favorite is the Fajita Trio which always fills me up...
I love to come her with friends and with my bf...
Love their lemonade!!!I try not to go to chain restaurants because of various reasons....but I have to say, this Chilli's is pretty good. Service is fast, the food is decent and they have some good drink specials. Not a bad option if the Reading Terminal Market is mobbed and you are in the area.As I walked into this Chili's, my boyfriend, knowing how picky of an eater I am made sure he said "Remember, it's a chain restaurant so please don't complain if the food isn't amazing". Okay, even if I could wrap my head around the whole idea that a chain restaurant should have and will have food that is mediocre at best...I still wouldn't say this qualified as that.
The waitress was perfectly attentive and nice, I ordered the Salmon with "steamed" broccoli and rice and my boyfriend ordered the Cajun Chicken Pasta. My salmon was burnt and crispy at the bottom, my broccoli was no where near steamed..in fact it was basically raw, and the rice was severely undercooked. My boyfriend who expected a spicy pasta dish ended up with pasta drenched in salt and cheese. 
The only reason I am not giving it one star is because my glass of wine was only $5 which isn't too bad of a price.By far the most disgusting restaurant I've been to. The floor was dirty, the bathrooms were horrid, my table still had soda stains and my server was ghetto. Nothing beats getting served food from a waitress who is flirting with another staff member in front of my table. This place is a freakin joke! I'll never ever go back.The food is always tasty and prompt. There are so many options and they are always changing. Chili's gives a welcoming and friendly atmosphere. The employees are always ready to make our experience a wonderful one. It's a great place to go when you are on a budget. It's a nice place to hang out for family, friends, and even couples.Staying at a local hotel I stopped in for dinner and sat at the bar. Big mistake, waited 20 minutes to be waited on to get my first drink, waited another 15 minutes for my food order to be taken. Food came out in five minutes, how can that be fresh. Bartender was running around trying to take care of the bar, making drinks for the dining room, washing his glasses, running dirty plates to the kitchen and taking chili's to go order plus running to the kitchen to get the to go orders. He had no one behind the bar helping him or the waitstaff that was standing around talking or the manager (I assume) walking around but no one helping. Food was edible but subpar. Serious issues at this location.Last time we were here around lunch time, today we did dinner. The atmosphere was pretty much the same. Not too quiet, not too loud. Nice chili (chill) spot!
We sat at the bar (which was kool) because we couldn't get a boothe and we didn't want to sit at the table close to the door. I hear my fellow yelpers saying get to the food... the food!  Okay okay! 
My huny ordered the Cajun chicken pasta which looked rather tasty and I got the..... 
Ancho Salmon(600 Cal) -- "chile-rubbed atlantic salmon with spicy citrus chile sauce topped with cilantro, served with citrus-chile rice and steamed broccoli" and an additional side order of black beans to eat over the rice. This was perfect, really tasteful. 
The salmon had a roasted texture that made you chew long enough to taste the flavors but just enough for you to want your next bite. The black beans added that extra taste to the rice that I was looking for and the broccoli....well they were broccoli. 
My meal was complete with a blueberry and pineapple margarita, same from last time but what can I say I like what I like. I'm really liking this Chili's. We'll definitely be back!The salad was crisp and fresh but they have changed their Guacamole for the worse. The staff was great and friendly. My only complaint being the dirty mop smell right when you walk I almost didn't go any further. Glad I didn't let that shoo me awayChili's has the best dessert in the world. It's the Molten Chocolate Cake. Noone -  NOONE can make it as good as them. It's the best!Service is terrible,  waitress had to be chased around for service. The food is typical for the restaurant.The waitress that served us was very jolly, made me felt very welcoming. Ordered the $35.00 special which came with 2 margaritas, 1 appetizer: Half order of Texas Cheese Fries, 2 Entrees: Half Rack of Baby Back Ribs w/ Homestyle Fries, and The Santa Cruz Steak and 1 Dessert: Sundae Brownie. 
The Texas fries came on a very hot plate which was drizzle with chesse and bacon. The Baby back ribs was dried, the Steak tasted better but still rough. It came with a side of mash potatoes which was really spicy and hot, don't recommend to even try it. The Sundae Brownie was the best part. It tasted fresh and when you cut down the brownie in the middle, the chocolate actually ooze out, it was delicious. We also got the Chili, which was forgotten to serve but it was okay. We ordered the cup and they ended up giving us the bowl. There wasn't any beans in there which loses its taste. Bill came out to 41.99 not bad.Always enjoyed eating here, there's always a wait to be seated but I really don't mind because the wait is never long. Service is great. There was a great hostess, when we ate there weeks ago, that was always chipper and cheerful to customers even though you can tell it's been a long day for her. Food is great and comes out at an reasonable time.Years ago this place was good. They only good thing about this visit was the waiter was good. The drinks were awful, the ribs if any drier would have been chalk. The speed of the service was average , most of the people that worked there were nice and friendly . But the food really took a nose dive at this location. I was told they are closing here for 3 weeks to redo the interior, lets see if that brings the food and drinks back to par.. To be severed a Mango Margarita in a beer mug..  Avoid this place , until they have better cooks, or fresher food-Walked in then right back out! At least 15 tables empty but they tell us it will be a 20 min wait! Go to the bathroom and all the toilet paper holders on ground.. Pee all over seats and floor... Never againHad a dinner meeting here. Not my choice but tried something new. I ordered a burger, just to keep it simple. Mistake, my medium burger arrived well done. A sure sign of a bad chef or line cook. I didn't want a dried out leather sandwich.We went here the other week after learning they had late night half-priced apps and were pleasantly surprised. For appetizers, we got the skillet queso, loaded potato skins, and one of the chicken flatbreads. We did not enjoy the queso because it had some sort of beefy flavoring to it that made it taste very gross. The potato skins were pretty good, about average for this type of place. The flatbread( which isn't included in the half-priced special) was great! It really was a perfect flatbread with great chicken and flavorings. Service wise are waitress was GREAT, the other people like the food runners were okay. For instance, they forgot to give us the salsa that was supposed to come with our queso. But, when we saw our waitress we told her and she immediately fixed it. For dessert, we got some type of chocolate cookie that came in a skillet with vanilla ice cream. That was amazing! This was a good late night outing and our bill was so cheap in the end, barely over $20. I will definitely look to use this special again if the opportunity arises.Went in for 1/2 price, bone in hot wings for happy hour.  Sorry we're out of bone in wings, so I had to settle for southwestern rolls.  They were good, hot and tasty.  The service was fine...quick and attentive.  They have a new menu with craft burgers and other stuff. I will go back and try a few of their new menu items.Sitting here for 40 minutes. No service. Sat by hostess. We asked for a server 10 minutes ago. Don't come here!This location of Chili's is terrible. It is slow, and the food is somehow worse than that from other franchises. I've been here a few times, but had an awful experience the last time we went. We waited half an hour to be seated, then another 20 minutes before anyone came to take our order. It took another half an hour just to get our drinks, and another half hour to get one of our entrees... There were four of us total. We never got our food and ended up leaving after almost two hours of just waiting. I gave one extra star only for the manager whom I spoke with, whom I almost felt bad for because they clearly knew how bad it was.We came in here after Church, to celebrate a milestone. Well, it was anything but that. We got atc12:50 , was told we had to wait because the server was overwhelmed...ok no problem. That's when the problems started; appetizers came an hour later, and things went downhill from there. We won't be going back there. If I could give no stars, I would!Slow ass service during an empty time. Ridiculous. Food was wrong, as well. I've never had slower service in my entire life. It took almost 30 minutes for drinks, over 45 for food. Def never gonna come back here.Service was horrible. We waited 40 mins for a server to come. Finally we saw one and asked if we could order and he said that he can't serve us but he'll "try" to find someone else. Waited an extra 10 min for a different server. No one came and we left the restaurant afterward. What a waste of time .Tonight my husband and I visited this location and the service was HORRIBLE. Our server was so rude and had a very nasty attitude. When she first came to the table there was no greeting and she never introduced herself. If it wasn't for the hostess i still wouldn't have known her name. Anyway, Leannie was HORRIBLE I can't remember the last time I received service like this. We order our food my husbad recieve his food maybe 10 minutes before mine came out. Which is ok i know how the kitchen can get. However, we discovered that there was something wrong with his food. There was an item on his burgers that we couldn't eat due to religious reasons so we sent back. We waited another 10 minutes or so before we sent it back because she was nowhere to be found and had to send it back through another server. After she found out that the food was sent back she proceeded to come over to the table and then argue with my husband about how it was his fault that the burgers were made incorrectly. There was no apology or anything. She didn't try to rectify the situation. Once i stepped in and said something she sucked her teeth and rolled her eyes and stormed off. To never to be seen again.
The only reason that I gave them 1 star is the food was hot and everyone else on the staff seemed nice and helpful. However, we will not be returning to this establishment which is very unfortunate because it's in our neighborhood. But if this is how we will be treated we will spend our money elsewhere.If I could rate this a 0 I would. It was my family's first time (myself included) and the entire experience was horrendous! We went on a Sunday afternoon so it was slower than I suspect it would be usually. The server was slow and rude. She did not check back on us to see how the food was nor come by for any refills. The food was subpar (below even Applebees) and when I stated my complaints to the manager all she could muster up was an offer for a free dessert (at 1:30pm). This was a horrible way to try to "rectify" a bad guest experience and shows why there wasn't much business at this location when my family and I went. VERY disappointed!One  because none is not an option.  Very close to home but MGMT must be non-existent since service SUCKS. Waitresses run around like crazy which says "unorganized". Menus at the table but no silverware but they tossed a straw on the table. Hopefully I'll get a spoon whenever the bring my soup out.  The food is decent enough when you finally get to order. Came in for a quick lunch but that's not happening. Gonna need to take it to go or I'll have to take leave. You should never have to leave a restaurant hungry.  I've been here before but they can never get service together so usually I get take out. Don't know why I thought today would be any different. Next time I'll go across the street to the Wawa.Nice Chilis, actually the best one I've went to in philly. Spacious not all cramped, our waiter was Abou he was awesome from start to finish very attentive, suggestive an catered to us the entire time. The food was good an the steak slightly dry but everything else was great!Horrible service, topped off with pure incompetence.  Although I never met the manager, I know they are immature and unprofessional.  No mature professional would ever associate themselves with such incompetence.  Furthermore, he/she must feel that by offering customers free food that the mismanagement will go unnoticed.  They are wrong.  It's noticed.  I don't appreciate Chili's putting such horrible managers to manage restaurants in my neighborhood.My husband and I came in with the intentions of watching the game grab a quick bite and drink in the bar area before our movie started. We arrived at 2:38 after 10mins asked if a waitress was coming over oh yeah sure in a minute, we sat some more no one came over I finally asked for a manager at 3:02. Instead of apologizing for us sitting for 20 something mins. She stated how she just came on her shift we sat in a closed area. It's up to the waitress if she wanted to take on tables before 3pm. Then asked "why did we sit in a closed area?" The hostess said you just sat down anywhere. That's why they are here to seat you. I'm sorry are you blaming us for sitting at a table that didn't say CLOSED!!!! The hostess even apologize for someone not coming over and he wiped the dirty table down. Obviously he didn't know it was closed either if your staff don't know, how the hell do you expect your patrons to know??? Horrible management!!!! You never ever blame the customers. Especially if your staff saw them seated for 20 mins.First off let me start with the 15 minute wait when the place was damn near empty! Then when we are seated, we are placed at a table for 6 amd it was only 2 of us. Wait staff has an attitude out of this world. Why are you here if you cannot deal with customers? Ordered the cajun pasta with chicken and it was not good, to the point I had them take it back. While it may have looked delicious,it was not. My daughter had the half rack of ribs which looked like they had no meat on them and she is still hungry. Never again will I come back here.This location is terrible. The manager is passive and cannot control the employees. The last time we decided to find there employees broke out in a fight and other employees pulled out their phones to take video instead of helping resolve the issue. Today our server was pleasant and came right to our table. However, we waited over 45 for three tacos and grilled chicken. When the manager was notified of the issue he was again, passive and asked for more time. I gave the server a tip as it was not his fault the kitchen was poorly managed and I walked out. 
This is a chain restaurant. There are no fancy dishes being served and nothing should take forty five minutes. I do not recommend this location.Horrible stay away! You will be sorry, food like fast food. Manager horrible no customer service skills. Waste of money!!!!!!Service was horrible!  I was at a table that had water dripping from the ceiling onto the table!  Took the manager over 20 minutes to just move me! He acted like he did Not want to be bothered!  When my food finally arrived I waited 15 minutes just to get mayo to put on it, by then the cheese burger was cold! I was still waiting also for the sour cream for my Texas fries, finally just ate those without it! I had my bill adjusted because I refused to pay for cold food.Hi guys, unfortunately this Chilis is a dump. We arrived on a Sunday at 1pm. Although it was not crowded our server was a young man with no people skills. He took our orders then brought out children's food out wrong not once but 2 TIMES!!! His manager had to step on to fix his major screw up. The manager was great and was able to fix the problem without issue. Again she was top notch but her staff....in particular our server was the WORSE!!!This is local Saturday lunch hangout for me. Good food for what it is...a retail chain bar restaurant. I generally stick with appetizers, burgers or the enchiladas.  
If you go to any Chili's expecting over the top food and world class service, then you'll be disappointed.  But if you're realistic and go for a quick bitr, you'll get what you came for more times than not.
Will be back!TERRIBLE experience! Went in with my boyfriend today, Sunday, around 6 p.m. We went to the bar and sat down. We never got acknowledged or greeted whatsoever. The girl bartender walked past us multiple times, gave drinks to other patrons, and delivered their food all while ignoring us and not even making eye contact. So uncomfortable and awkward. It was not busy at all, just probably 5 more people at the bar. After waiting it out for around 25 minutes (us both trying to be understanding), we decided to leave. Totally rude and un-called for! Definitely not returning.WHAT!!!!  I can get chipotle sauce on my wings..... it's gonna be this way from now on.   I'M HOOKED!!!Bathroom reeks of urine and toilet paper is strewn across the restroom floor and changing table. I requested someone to clean the table and no one showed up. On the third request a female walked over and wiped half the table. Manager, Brandon, approached my table and asked in a very uninterested tone, "what can I do for you, "ma'am. 
I stated the problems and asked why this was an acceptable standard at this Chili's...to which he replied "you are more than welcome to go someplace else."  Brandon was totally rude, and a very poor representation of SERVICE and Chili's.Please do not go. The service was very ghetto. I do not have to say more - management sucked, the whole place is bad. If you want to hear slang out of your severs mouth go to this Chilis'.This is my second time eating at this restaurant. I didn't have a bad experience the first time but this time was awful. I am unable to comment on the food since we left prior to getting our food. First I had a baby carrier with me the hostess watch me struggle to get the baby carrier in the restaurant she never opened the door and when I walked in I can see by her facial expression and posture that was the last place she wanted to be today. Then we were sat at a small table and we were told we could sit at a larger table which sits probably 6 ppl. No complains there. The server came over to the table and asked about drinks he was unsure of what drinks they had. After we ordered drinks we waited and waited and waited. He finally came back and took our order . I asked him what was in a particular salad he told me lettuce, tomatoes and salad stuff. My mom ordered a salad without croutons and cheese. We both ordered a salad with French dressing. He came back croutons and cheese and ranch dressing on the salad. He said they only have three dressing options and French wasn't one of the options. Additionally, I ordered a refill on my strawberry lemonade there was no more strawberry mix. It was only 4:00 pm on a Friday! Long story short after waiting until 4:50 for our food we left hungry and frustrated. We asked for a manager who eventually came out and told us our food was miraculously ready now. We decided we had enough. He told us not to worry about our drinks and chips.Snowy evening, and hungry from running all day. Chili's always seem to do pretty good. They did not disappoint. There was a bit a problem with seating at first, the greeter was simply trying ensure we would be served timely without any delays. 
So after seating, J came over and took very good care of us. The food was delayed, but she made up for it by ensuring we were satisfied with our meal. For the delay, she made up for it with a bowl of vanilla ice cream. 
Service was great and the meal was filling. 
Thank you Johnay and TEAM CHILI'S for a job well done,
I will be backIt's a Chili's and it's exactly what you'd expect.  Okay quality burgers, mediocre quality everything else.  Service is prompt and food comes out well composed for what it is and in a timely manner.My worst restaurant experience ever. Server was nice but not professional. We didn't get our silverware until after we got the appetizers and the main entree. When I opened them there was a grain of rice stuck to the fork. You can see the servers hanging around the kitchen door area on their phones and arguing really loud with each other. I order a steak and was never asked how I wanted it, I have never seen ribs as dry as the baby back ribs my wife ordered.  Loud place. Even the costumers are rude. The server taking the order from the table next to us was basically laying on their table as she was taking the order. Also my wife ordered 2 margaritas, one was served in a beer glass the 2nd margarita was in a the glasses they use for soda. Also there was napkin and straw covers all over the ground under the tables and booths. At one point it got so ridiculous we started laughing and looking around for the camera, thinking we had to be in a show.Service is horrible. I walked in to order and was told to walk around the bar and make a left and that's Where My Order Would Be taken. On the desk said go to the bar to order. Stood at the bar for at least 10 mins before I walked back to the take out counter and asked someone for a menu. Was directed back to the bar to look on the racks. Not offered one nor apologized for having not been spoken to by the girl behind the bar who obviously had an attitude. Got my own menu and had to yell over to a the lady at the bar who repeatedly walked by me and said nothing. When asking her a question she walked away while answering and I didn't have the opportunity to order. So I waited for her to come back. While ordering she continued with an attitude. Food was not fresh after all that. Won't returnService is horrible. I walked in to order and was told to walk around the bar and make a left and that's where my order would be taken. On the desk said go to the bar to order. Stood at the bar for at least 10 mins before I walked back to the take out counter and asked someone for a menu. Was directed back to the bar to look on the racks. Not offered one nor apologized for having not been spoken to by the girl behind the bar who obviously had an attitude. Got my own menu and had to yell over to a the lady at the bar who repeatedly walked by me and said nothing. When asking her a question she walked away while answering and I didn't have the opportunity to order. So I waited for her to come back. While ordering she continued with an attitude. Food was not fresh after all that. Won't return.The service was horrible! We waited almost 10 minutes after being seated for someone to greet us and take our drink orders. The waitresses and other staff members were messing around at the entrance to the kitchen with their ipods, their phones, etc. We had to ask for drink refills and the check. The hostess was on her phone as we left. Just horrible.This is our local restaurant it's literally 5 minutes or less from home. I've been going to this chilis for some years now and I can honestly say I've never recieved a meal that wasn't great! Lol last night I went with a close friends and I was very surprised even for the 2 for 20$ entree was a nice portion and the food was delicious! Don't let the area discourage you...very nicely ran establishment.So this is a Chilli's in the Oak Lane/Cheltenham area. It's like a friggen Apple bees, only it has a clean bathroom. The service is pretty fast and the waiters, for the most part, are kind and helpful. I always find myself craving their honey chipotle chicken fingers and Texas cheese fries, and if I don't feel like going to Center City to get those, I go here instead. The Texas cheese fries are to die for! The decor is like most family restraints so it has a whole bunch of saloon style signs and stuff like that. Would make a nice place for a cheap and quick date.I must say I was not really impressed with this particular Chillis from the service to the poor quality of food. I had the baby back ribs and my date had the steak fajitas. The ribs were lukewarm and nearly burned to a crisp. The southwest rolls were soggy and the margarita had plenty of alcohol but no flavor. I was not pleased with the service or food. However the parking was great and noise level was ok.Though the service isn't the best in the world the happy hour makes up for it ! The drinks are super strong and worth the wait ! My meal portion was super small though . I see so many reviews saying it's the worsttt . Though I wouldn't give it that , it was ok to me ‍I hate their food. It's always "off" to the point where I can't finish it. I want to like this place but I can't. Disappointing every single time. It's a shameWell. This Chillis blatantly disrespects the brand name. My family went there for an early dinner and were seated fairly quickly, which should've been a sign as the place was dead empty. It took at least ten minutes before a server even came to visit us. It all continued to tumble downhill from here. The food came out as it was ready one after the other rather that all at once... Like a sensible restaurant would do. When all of our food was fully accounted for, a full half an hour after we put the order in, it was mostly cold and bland. I ordered the steak and rib combo. The Mashed potatoes were ok... The steak was extremely overcooked and resembled a large briquette of coal. My ribs didn't have much meat and each bone was still connected by the underside membrane. Really?
Avoid this dump at all cost.So, I wasn't sure what to expect at this Chili's location based on the reviews I read, but I will simply say my experience was GREAT. Our sever, Chauntia, was AWESOME!!! She was personable, attentive and all about customer service. GREAT SERVICE! Then there was the manager, Corey Hinson, his name was embroidered on his shirt, who came over to ensure we were receiving the proper service and was enjoying our visit to Chili's. I can't forget about Kim (don't know her last name), but she was amazing, as well. The margaritas taste great, the service was great, and I enjoyed the food, so I'll be back. Dyonne agrees. Good job, Chili's team.The service here was really bad. We first arrived at the restaurant and was told that there would be a 10 minute wait, which actually turned into 20 minutes. About 6 people came in and went to the bar as we waited to be seated. Once we finally were seated, we waited an additional 20 minutes for a waiter to greet us. Granted they were short staff, but the waiter decided to assist an older couple who originally came in to sit at the bar before my party. When he finally came to take our order, he stated that's he could only take our drink orders first because he had to put the couples order in first. At this point, I was very annoyed and frustrated. Not to mention they did not have any silverware; we were given plastic utensils. It still took another 40 minutes for our food to come out. If you visit this place please make sure that they are fully staffed and no one is in the restaurant.This is probably the worst chili's in the Philadelphia area. The manger seems out of it. The bus boy was acting as the host, the service was terrible and when approached by the manager he acted as if he had no experience dealing with people. So sad.Disappointed with service at the bar.  Arrived a bit before 10 and received cold treatment.  Was told to wait when I tried to order take out but bartender never circled back...basically ignoring us while waiting on others... Won't go back for a while...So-so Chili's location. You know what you're getting into. Nothing really light or healthy on the menu that's worth eating. If you're here you're looking to pig out on some texmex or ribs. You'll be pretty satisfied with either or. Food is good but I find myself a little bored with the menu these days. Have had good and just ok service here. Also have good drinks and desserts. Never really crowded here so don't be hesitant to stop by.I'm giving them a 2 because the food was good even though I couldn't finish it. My frustration took me over and I became so angry I couldn't even eat. We waited about 20 minutes to be seated, all fine and well because it seemed they may have been short staffed. When we were seated, our waitress took our drink and appetizer order. She came back with me and my boyfriends drinks, nothing for my 7 year old daughter so I reminded her that she didn't get her drink. She let out a deep sign and said okay. She came back to the table, no drink! I reminded her again, my boyfriend asked for a refill and I asked for napkins. She came back with his drink, no drink for my daughter and no napkins. I asked her again for her drink and napkins. She brought back napkins! My daughter finished her meal and by this time my boyfriend had given her some of his. Our check and her drink came at the same time! She explained she was overwhelmed because I guess she could sense my frustration, this was only her second day! My boyfriend saw her speaking to the manager, not sure what they were talking about but she was obviously over whelmed and was offered no assistance. As a supervisor at a call center I would never allow my people on the floor drowned like that or allow my customers to be short served. It totally ruined my first experience at chili's!  We saw other people who worked there not doing much so there isn't any reason that this should have happened. Total disappointment!Only has 2 servers, had to wait for 20 mins because there's no staff. Beer was warm from it taking so long to get to me. Only been checked on once so far. Really don't understand why chili's even has this place open. Pretty shitty experience at this chili'sThis was my first time going to this location and it was honestly horrible. I was informed my party had a 15 minute wait (we came in at 6:10) and wasn't seated until 6:45. When we asked the host if we were going to be seated soon the woman said she did not know and proceeded to look at her phone. When we were finally seated at 6:50 we had no napkins, utensils, not enough menus, and the table was sticky. It then took about an hour for us to get our food and drinks. The food was warm and certain dishes were burnt and tasteless. When we were paying the server did not give everyone back their card and one of the host from earlier, when returning change did not wait to hear who the change went to before saying "no one? Guess I'll keep it." 
I will not be returning to this Chilli's and I do not recommend it to anyoneFrom the moment I walked in, I was unimpressed. The greeter had no real interest in helping me find the person I was there to meet.  Once I found her and after we were seated, the waiter, Kalill, ambled over and mumbled something.  We both had to ask him to speak up... however, he continued to mumble throughout the evening.
When I ordered a beer, he brought it without a glass or napkin.  I had to ask for a glass and he gave me a look of "oh really?" before walking off to retrieve one.
The fajitas I ordered came lukewarm and the tortillas were not in a little container to keep them warm, only wrapped in a small piece of foil.  It was bad presentation... just bad.  Kalill returned to ask us how our meal was when we were nearly finished eating... which was of no help.  He seemed to want to be somewhere else.  In my life, I have given up to a 100% tip; on this night Kalill earned himself less than 10%, because that matched the service he delivered.
Throughout the night, the other wait-staff could be seen joking and playing around as my guest and I had our dinner.  We were unimpressed with their lack of professionalism or care of the guests in the establishment.
Yes, they're young people, but this is the fault of an uncaring management.  As one can see with the the many other similar reviews to this, there is clearly something lacking in the training and ethics that must flow down from the management.
My recommendation to others is to choose to eat elsewhere.On Veterans Day 2019 I decided to visit this establishment. I am an US Air Force veteran from Philly & this would be my first Veterans Day in my hometown.  Let's just say, my order for food was continuously pushed back because the manager (DM) decided that only paying customers should have timely service. I sat at the bar for quite some time before my food came out. I think it was over an hour. The bartender, Thomas, I had was sooooo attentive and made sure to show exemplary customer service.  Thank you Thomas for working hard!!!The absolute worst, I put a order in online 40 minutes prior to picking up my order up, as I got there I was direct to go to the pick up station which I did. As I get to the station I noticed nobody is at the register but there is employees walking by acknowledging that someone is waiting, well after about 10 minutes waiting I finally had to call for someone to atleast acknowledge me and I was still ignored lol, I had no choice but to leave empty handed and time wasted.Horrible service!!!!!!
Went in on a Tuesday afternoon and the bar top was DIRTY!!!!! Then the manager whipped the table while I was sitting down getting crumbs in my lap. Placed an order of nachos and quesadilla which the nachos never came. Server never checked on me. Please take my advice and never go to this chilis location.Took this place record time to go down hill. Wait times are the order of the day for this understaffed den of mediocrity. If you don't know one of the employees... it is not uncommon to see people just arriving being seated before you. All types of rift raft ask you for money right outside of the restaurant and no one tries to stop any of it. There are multiple locations nearby that I recommend visiting if you must have Chili's... but if you go to this location, don't say I didn't warn you.I'll learn to stop coming here and hoping for better. Figured since it was Cinco De Mayo I'd pop in w my hubby and daughter for chips, guacamole and margaritas.   They decided to have a DJ...for Cinco de Mayo I expect music to match the occasion...what I got was LOUD club music with foul language. Sorry I didn't see a no children sign. Mgmt is non existent as usual. Watch my drink get watered down while I watched girls twirking on near the bar. So basically we're eating dinner in a club. OMG someone shut this place down or hire managers that can be responsible. Is this what you expect from a Chili's?  No. No I don't.A bunch of incompetent morons working here. Gave me a completely different order than What I asked for, MIND YOU WHAT I ORDERED WAS IN WRITING (online order)! And it wasn't ready at the time It was supposed to be.
The staff rather talk to their friends than make money. Trying to get a workers attention is almost impossible.
 They should just close this and/or clean house and
 start fresh. I ended up walking out and going to Chik-fil-a on the other side of the mall lot.  TERRIBLE TERRIBLE ESTABLISHMENT! If I could give ZERO STARS I would.I RARELY give out 1 stars. But this was a combination of some of the worst food and service I've had. We got there shortly after 9 PM for happy hour. The restaurant doesn't close until 11 PM on weeknights yet they had all the chairs flipped on top of the table. Our server comes and first thing out his mouth is how he was ready to go home. Very negative attitude through out the night, messed up everyone at our table's orders.. My simple order of buffalo chicken wings had no sauce on them and then brought me the wrong sauce as the side and he also failed to bring my fries out. No bueno. I'm being honest it wasn't a lot of people in there and he was still dragging around and being negative about everything. Then it took him 30 minutes to bring us our bill at the end after we had finished our food. I was over it.Worst Chili's to eat at. I got a salad and it was disgusting. There were supposed to sauce avocado and edible chicken and I got the opposite of that. The chicken was rubber, the salad was watery and had only Paprika on it. The manager apologized and said about 10 people come in complaining about the chicken everyday. So why not change it? The waiter didn't see us for about 30 minutes until we asked a manger where our waiter was. Took about 45 minutes for our salads to come out when no one was there. These people are unprofessional and need to get their act straight. Do not eat here!Took this place record time to go down hill. Wait times are the order of the day for this understaffed den of mediocrity. If you don't know one of the employees... it is not uncommon to see people just arriving being seated before you. All types of rift raft ask you for money right outside of the restaurant and no one tries to stop any of it. There are multiple locations nearby that I recommend visiting if you must have Chili's... but if you go to this location, don't say I didn't warnI have been to this location several times.  Lunch, dinner and late night appetizers.  Wait time is very short and we are usually seated right away.  Wait staff isn't really friendly, just OK.  Food, well it's a chain restaurant.  It's ok.  Their salads are probably my favorite.
It's nice they allow the 2 for $20 special as takeout (I believe it is 2 for $22 now).  And last time we did take out she showed us each order so we were assured it was correct (I thought that was a nice gesture).
The restaurant is always clean.  Parking is always available.  No major issues, just nothing to rave about as far as customer service and food is concerned.Chilis is a chain so you pretty much know what you are going to get food wise...well as far as taste goes. One is about the same as any other. But when it comes to service and attention to detail....now that responsibility falls on tithe individual....and my friends this is where this neighborhood eatery falls WAY SHORT. The daytime staff is young, immature and inattentive. If the are not laughing and joking at the register behind the bar...they are gathered at the bar chucking it up with the young lady masquerading as a bartender. This nameless wonder whose name I had to get off of a fellow patrons receipt (not like she said hello or is herself during any of my visits)is named Shanesha is way to preoccupied with joking with other staff and disappearing i not the kitchen for extended periods of time to ensure that a customers r gets a glass of water....yes my friends a frigging' glass of aqua. I had to ask 3Xforaglass of water....heck for her to evennoticethatIThis was the worst experience I have had from a restaurant in a long time. It was a Friday night the noise level was unbelievable. It was crowded with lots of children and the service of the hostess was horrible. We waited 45 minutes and was not told why we were not being seated. I asked the hostess and she said the manager told them not to see anyone. There were many empty tables. Reason, the kitchen was backed up. Once seated we waited another 15 minutes before our order was taken. Music was LOUD! I told the waitress to bring our meal at the same time however she bought my husband and my daughters meal and not mine. My family was finished eating when my meal came. I spoke with the manager she took my meal off the bill after I strongly complained. Also never did I get a dessert that I paid for.
What started out for my family to have a quiet nice dinner that Friday night never happened. I will never ever go to the Cheltenham Chili's restaurant ever again. Very, very ghetto!So disgusted! I took my mother to Chili's tonight for a birthday dinner and it was a small black bug in our appetizer. I was truly disgusted and will never dine here again. So disappointed because I've always had a good expience!This chili's should just close down the customer service here is to the likings of your neighborhood hood McDonalds. I ordered a to go meal at this restaurant showed up to pick it up 20-25 minutes later after I was told 10 minutes when I arrived at pickup counter no one greeted me or anything. Finally a waitress passes by and states someone will be right with me. Then 15 minutes go by of me just standing and waiting finally when the girl shows up she shows up with an attitude. Based off her attitude and the unreasonable amount of wait time for a order that was placed over phone. I say I probably should get this free she repeats the total with an attitude. That was the last straw I decided to cancel my order. 
On two other occasions at this same location in past I witnessed 2 employees almost physically fighting and on another I witnessed a server cursing out a customer bc the server sneezed on the food and the customer saw it and they got in confrontation. 
Get better staff or just shut it down bottom line!Maybe it's because we came in late but I don't think the waiter should be hovering over our table or tell us "hey, are you guys almost finished because I'm ready to go home." We understood it was late but he also has a closing shift so to rush us to finish, pay checks and leave was a little rude. Not to mention after we paid the checks, we still had food on the table because he brought the checks pretty much right after the food came. However, he sat at the table next to us with his tray waiting to clear the table and watching to see when we would get up. How uncomfortable is that?
Either way, the food was late night Chili's. Prob whatever had been left from the day with a little sauce slapped on. I had the sampler with the southwestern egg rolls, sliders, and chicken tenders. Egg rolls were fine but if they are premade you can't really go wrong. Sliders were a little tough. Chicken was chicken. My friend had the steak which gave her a bit of an arm workout to cut through.  
The place is cool for a neighborhood bar...that's what they're known for. But at this location, don't expect stellar service, a little messiness (wiped down my own area of the bar before sliding on the floors to the bathroom). I did have the nicest bartender tho. Wish I knew his name.This was the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant. My boyfriend and I went for the all you can eat enchiladas. It took 45 minutes for them to bring the food out and when they did they only brought his! They told me mine was still being prepared and the manager would bring it out shortly. Another 20 minutes passed and still no food. My boyfriend had already finished his plate and by the time they came out with mine it was cold and we were furious. We asked to speak with the manager and she told us it was our fault for not involving her sooner! Our waitress specifically told us the manager would bring my food out so why would we think she wasn't aware of the situation? The manager then tried to make us pay for our bill! Disgusting place with horrible management and zero customer service skills.Okay. It is Valentine's Day and half of the restaurant has empty seats. it is crowded at the front door and they tell us 30 minutes until we can be seated. 20 minutes later we  found out that 9 people ahead of us and the kitchen is backed up and they so they have to catch up. So tell me why would you not have staff to wait the tables and work the kitchen on one of the most popular dinner days of the year? Ridiculous.Me and a coworker visited Chili's for a cold one after work Friday. We arrived around eleven pm not realizing they close at midnight. We entered and walked over to the bar. I didn't see a hostess but it was close to closing so I understand. We wanted to sit at the bar but some dishes needed to be cleared. We were trying to figure out where to sit so we just sat at one of the open high tops. We were able to get the attention of a server who told us we would make out better at the bar. I asked her if someone could clear the dishes in the area we wished to sit. She told the bartender who quickly cleared the area and took our drink order. I had a 22 ounce Yuengling seasonal that was served in an ice cold mug. It was delicious. The kitchen was still open so I ordered the Sunrise burger.  Cage-free fried egg, provolone, bacon, lettuce, red onion, tomato, Signature sauce.  The burger took a little long to come out and the server explained that I was getting fresh fries. When the burger arrived I dived right in. The fries were fresh out the fryer an seasoned well. I didn't realize it but when I ordered the burger the server didn't ask how I wanted it cooked. It was well done which is okay with me, no chance of getting sick. The egg was cooked until the yolk was hard and the bacon was thick and crispy.  I enjoyed the meal and even tried the Yuengling IPA which was okay to me. Even though we came in just prior to closing we weren't rushed and the food was tasty.Restaurant was 3/4 empty on a Sunday at 4:30, yet needed to wait 15 minutes for a table. Hostesses were less than professional as they were sipping on sodas and walking around the establishment with airpods in their ears. Experience did get much better with quick attention from a waitress, but the unprofessionalism from hostesses upon entering has left a sour experience.I ordered the ribs yesterday and they were...horrible.  It appeared they had baked them, then spread a "ketchupy" type of sauce on the top, not all over mind you,  and served. This was a takeout out, so I didn't see them until I reached home. Though I was just 13 minutes from the restaurant, the ribs were cold when I got home. Not even warm.
The coleslaw was good, the mashed potatoes lacked taste. 
What a waste of time and money.The Cheletenham Chili's is the worst I called at 7 pm to get take out and was told they are out of food! A huge food chain like chili's run out of food that's unheard of. First she said we aren't taking anymore orders then she says we are out of food.they never get your order right when you do take out. They always leave something out or give you something you didn't ask for. They are never apologetic. Their staff is a bunch of teenagers that lack training and the managers are just as bad I like chili's but this one I won't go too and it's so close to my house. Chili's you dropped the ball at this locationSoooo tried this location when they first opened and the service was horrible- so I decided to never go back. Two weeks ago, a friend took me for their drink specials and everything worked out. So I decided to try them out again last night. First, the bartender lady was rude and I should have trusted my instinct and leave when we first got there. But we decided to stay. Next we ordered an appetizer, I asked for no meat on the nachos and then when they arrived there was beef on the nachos. I asked the bartender why was there meat on my nachos and and she said its beef in the cheese sauce on the nachos and then she walked away. I was appalled!!!! Why ask me if I want meat, if you know it already comes on the frickin nachos??? And why wouldnt they tell me that the nachos have beef in them. Nowhere on the menu does it say, there is beef in the cheese sauce on the nachos!!! I was thoroughly disgusted by this point and so I spoke with the manager and she was apologetic and offered to remake the nachos sans beef.  I decided against it. Soooo we just decided to wait for our entrees. FORTY FIVE minutes later, still no entrees. They were closing so we decided to cancel the order! Chilis sucks! This location sucks! That rude bartender sucks! And my lil date night was ruined! Definitely will not be returning to this location or any other location. Ya'll SUCK!DO NOT ORDER FROM "it's just wings" it's chili's disguised as a different restaurant when it's just a branch of them for online orders through DoorDash. We would've never even ordered had we knew it was Chili's since they are subpar anyway. My boyfriend and I received our food old, cold, chicken undercooked and curly fries old and soggy. Luckily we ordered through DoorDash who was polite enough to give us our money back. The only semi okay thing was the fried Oreos we ordered, which were also cold so I was kinda scared to even eat them at the fear they had been sitting out. Chili's definitely could have been more vocal that this is their branch on the DoorDash app which makes me even more annoyed. Chilis is Its Just Wings on DoorDash so don't do it.The service is unbelievably slow and lazy. It took us forever to even get seated, once we were seated nobody waited on us for a full fifteen minutes. We eventually had to call over the hostess and ask her if she could send over our waitress to take our order. Very slow. Seriously, they are slow. The food is pretty good, but I can't empathize enough how slow the staff is. Did I mention that they are slow... because they are. This is not a busy night either ( see photo)
They also forgot the meat for my fajita and ended up having to take it off the bill.This Chilis seems to be fairly new and it didn't disappoint! Good service, the sweet corn soup and big mouth burgers were great and for once the presentation was a-ok (I often feel like these chains get super sloppy with presentation). It also has a really nice bar! Will definitely return to this Chilis when the next craving arrives!The service was horrible! We waited at the door for over 10 minuets, no ushers or waitresses or waiters bothered to ask us. I am not sure how their business can survive. While I was waiting, I did see some of the servers were chatting at the bar area. They just ignored the long line of guests at the door. If I were the owner, I would definitely fire the manager, as apparently it is lacking of management.The worst, Me and the family waited almost forty minutes for service.the waitress passed us by with no communication. She brings my son's food and didn't bring us out until 20 minutes later we got up and left. I would not recommend this trifling ass place.I love the 3 for 10.00 meal.
Drink,salad and Entree.
The extra crispy chicken strips are delicious,  also the bbq bacon cheeseburger and the loaded mashed potatoes are delicious alsoI placed a pick up order spending $29 and all of the food was inedible. I ordered cheese curd bites, it was like they cleaned out the fryer basket. There was burnt pieces, and most of the cheese bites were just batter with no cheese I them. I also ordered a buffalo fried chicken sandwich, the bottom bun was SOAKING wet. Like it fell in the sink. And lastly I ordered big mouth bites, the burgers were burnt to hell and 2 of them weren't even on the buns. They were just thrown into the container. I want my money back. This is the worst take out I have ever gotten.This location is the worst. Today since I decided to place a to go order. Worst mistake. I placed the order for pasta and a burger for a friend. I placed the order at 3:15 online, I was told my order would be ready by 3:45. I arrived at 3:48, walked in to the to go pick up area and I was absolutely disgusted. The area was filled with dirty cups and plates strewn about. There was also fruit flies flying around the the dirty utensils. The bartender watch us for about five minutes before acknowledging we were there for an order.  Once we go do the bar, we waited 30 minutes for food that should have been ready. Once we got the food, I had to remind the bartender I ordered a Strawberry Lemonade. We had to ask for utensils. Never will I set foot in this dump.Slow!!!!
I hate writing bad reviews but this restaurant needs attention. I was in town visiting a friend & we came here and sat at the bar to have dinner. The bartender noticed us & got our orders. She then got extremely backed up, and started only making drinks to serve the rest of the restaurant, neglecting the new bar-comers. Some came to the bar & left after 20 minutes without a look or greeting from any worker. When I let the bartender know that she was neglecting the new-coming elder couple that sat next to me for 30 minutes, she said, "I know what they want, they're regulars" then made & brought them drinks without even saying Hello. When they got the drinks after about 40 minutes without a greeting, they didn't even want them. They said that they don't regularly order what she brought them & they were hungry but wouldn't get food because the greeting took too long.
The worst was the manager. He looked super flustered & was trying to help take drinks to tables but was confused as to what drink was what, leading him to take the wrong drinks to the wrong tables. He they starting playing with the drinks that were made, moving them around constantly, and spilling a couple in the process. He even put his nose in a drink to smell it. Worst thing ever!I really want to know how this restaurant is still in business. We walked in between 11:30-11:40p and it took about 7mins to get seated after the assistant manager blatantly ignored us. Mind you, we called before we came & they said the kitchen closed @midnight. Once we were seated, it took forever for someone to come to the table. It was the asst manager. She was very cold, very rude & lied about not having an item on the menu. We spoke to the manager that night & she didn't even accommodate. She just gave us a sorry apology & stated that she would talk to her asst manager about her service. I would not ever go to this location again. Pure trash.Today was a good day hanging out with my daughter's niece, cousin and my grandson. We were seated at the lounge area for happy hour started at 9 PM.  Chipotle wings, flatbread pizza, burgers, Cajun pasta sliders...no one really complained.  If the food wasn't decent I probably would complain about the slow service... it wasn't the best. We had to wait several minutes for our drinks to come and when we ordered a second round, they took several minutes as well.  Once the drinks at table, everybody was happy.  Tonight the bar had a laid-back atmosphere however many of the seats at the bar were taken.