Not bad at all! They are somewhat friendly, but probably the most expensive hole in the wall Chinese restaurant, but they will be my go to close by Chinese food.Best Chinese in Manayunk/RoxboroughI have had a handful of different Chinese places around the Manayunk area but this one is definitely the best. Quick delivery and great prices. The General Tso's chicken chunks are large and the pork fried rice is great and is not the weird yellow colored rice.Another cash only restaurant in Manayunk where those savings get passed onto you. No frills pick-up (or delivery) joint with a kitchen that is immaculately clean, food that is beyond great, and I've never read better fortunes (no joke, they're great). Thank you for existing, China Wok!!Looks bad from the street but once you go inside its clean. The food is good and fairly priced.China Wok is the best of the Chinese delivery places in Manayunk/Roxborough. We've tried them all, and we keep coming back to China Wok. The food is good, standard Chinese take-out fare. They have a decent menu, their prices are good and delivery is fast. 
Please note that they only accept cash.Keep hoping this place will hold up to the reviews but I don't think I will be going back anytime soon.  Chicken dishes really tasted more like rubber than food. Sauces were overloaded and in general pretty gross.
Best bet is to stick with fried rice or something without meat.wooooow. so i call at 10:20, they don't close until 11, i'm placing my order & my total was at about $12 (minimum is only $10) & she said that wasn't enough & i needed to order more, so i got another order of soup, she again said my order was too small, but hung up immediately after saying it this time. when i call back, a guy answers the phone instead & tells me that they don't deliver to my address (i have gotten delivery from them plenty times before) that was completely rude & uncalled for, they don't close for another 40 minutes & it's a saturday nightHappy to have found this cheap Chinese takeout food restaurant reasonably nearby. My only knock is the lunch menu could be expanded. Still a good value and reliably decent american style Chinese food.We ordered from here recently. Good, cheap chinese food and fast delivery. It really is cheap.  I got one of the chicken combinations platters that came with rice and an egg roll and it was something like $6.50! Now, it's not the most amazing chinese food i've ever had. But, it's not bad at all and is obviously a great value. I have ordered from other chinese places in the area and the price difference was huge. I will definitely order from here next time i'm craving some chinese and don't feel like spending too much.China Wok offers a variety of American Chinese food. It's flagship dish is the General Tso's Chicken which customers have the option to order as spicy. I recommend ordering an additional egg roll so to enjoy at a later time. China Wok continues to battle the inferior Beijing Garden for the top Chinese food in Manayunk. The winner is clear, and that winner is China Wok.Amazing Chinese for a good price. Good and friendly service and very fast. Food is ready in about 10 minutes. Can't go wrong with pork fried dumplings and general tsos chicken.  Definitely recommend as the best place to go for cheap Chinese in manayunk.This is one of my favorite chinese places in manayunk. They are healthy and don't use too much sauce on their food which I like. Never had a bad meal.Ordered a shrimp and broccoli combination dinner. I'm not impressed I've definitely had much better Chinese food from cheaper places. I just moved to the area so I'm used to tasty NY Chinese food. The rice tasted like microwaveable rice it had nothing in it. What kind of fried rice doesn't have any veggies or meat in it! The sauce was bland and watery. I only gave it 2 stars because of how quick it was ready. I will not be returning here.After a lazy night of not wanting to cook, my roommates and I found China Wok on Yelp and ordered some take out. They have online ordering, which is perfect for being on the go! They give an estimated time for delivery, which was pretty accurate based on when they got to us! The food was good, very fresh and great sized proteins! The prices were also very worth it!This is your typical American Chinese restaurant. It's exactly what you expect. I've ordered from here on numerous occasions, here is some of the stuff I've got and my rating:
General Tsos Chicken: 4 out of 5
Chicken with Cashews: 2 out of 5
Crab Rangoon: 4 out of 5
Chicken with Broccoli: 3 out of 5
Clearly wasn't a fan of the chicken with cashews. It really should have been called water chestnuts with cashews. Rangoons were really good and you can't go wrong with general tsos.I ordered from the China Wok on Green Ln this weekend and ordered the General TSos chicken.  
My delivery was pretty quick for a Saturday..  The chicken was not too spicy and was filled with plenty of flavor -- it was very enjoyable.
If you go to eat at China Wok, try to order off-peak hours before 3 pm to avoid he rush; enjoy!If your looking for low priced, quick Chinese take out this is the spot.  The general Tso's I got from there was average but their combinations are about 2 bucks lower cheaper than other Chinese full serve restaurants in the area.  The hot and sour soup was one of the best I've ever had but the noodles with that came with it weren't the fried ones but were non greasy and stale.  The cold sesame noodle appetizer was a good change of pace but for some could seem underwhelming although very much worth four dollars and change.  Finally the Hunan beef was standard.We rarely do take out and are glad to have used this place. Since we live up the street, we picked up. The establishment is nice and clean. The food was very good. Nice juicy and meaty bar b que ribs (with bone). seasoned well. Clean crisp vegetables with nicely seasoned sauces. Beef with the mixed vegetables was flavorful as well. Vegetable egg rolls were good. Plenty of food to eat. Glad to know this take out is very doable. We made our own won ton soup and were just looking for something to round out the dinner. Rice and fortune cookies too!Probably the best Crab Rangoon I've ever had from anywhere. Hands down. I wasn't a huge fan of the General Tso's Chicken--it almost tasted like a strange BBQ sauce. I'm also not a fan of the fact that they're cash only. I rarely if ever carry cash on me but they at least have an ATM inside if you're willing to pay the service fee.Only good Chinese delivery in Manayunk! We will be calling them again soon!!Great take-away. Served up piping hot and fresh. Fried rice is great, not too salty. This might be my favorite crab rangoon in the city. Love it.I eat here all of the time and it is definitely the best Chinese food in Manayunk. One important note: CLOSED ON TUESDAYS. They are typically very fast and nice. Be warned that the lady who takes your order over the phone sounds somewhat rude and rushed, but she has never messed up an order for me and I have eaten here 15+ times.This is the BEST Chinese food in Manayunk.  Good, cheap food with very fast service and delivery.  Only downside is they accept cash only - don't let that be a deal breaker.  Check it out!Food is always excellent...always fast and hot..China Wok is  always professional...This our new spot..I will recommend to all my friends.I was in this area for work training, and was craving good Chinese food. Well I definitely found it. This place was awesome! The staff were super friendly. I had beef and broccoli and spring rolls. I forgot to take a picture but I ate it all! Lol awesome place. Would definitely go back if I'm in the area.Just moved and tried delivery from here for the first time. While this may not be "authentic" or fancy Chinese, I have to rate them based off my expectations of an Americanized delivery Chinese place. With that category in mind they delivered great food at cheap prices, and with amazing speed. 
The bf and I shared steamed meat dumplings, chicken lo mein, chicken with broccoli, and sha cha beef. The dumplings were not those gross super doughy ones, they were delicious. The lo mein was not oily and all the vegetables/meat tasted fresh. 
The most amazing thing was the 20min delivery time at 7pm on Friday. 
This will be our go to place!
Cash only, but prices are very reasonable!Went there for takeout on Friday after reading the reviews---so happy that I did!! Food was great!  Got lo mein, dumplings, egg rolls and the 2 delite special and all were delicious.  I love the location because I can walk there, and the prices were so reasonable.  Food was ready right by the time I walked over and I can't wait to go back next time I'm in the mood for chinese!I live a couple of blocks from this great take out place. Chicken chow fun; General tTos (white meat); pork fried rice; crab Rangoon are all wonderful. The outside is deceiving. . (Always walk, never had food delivered). CASH only but there's an ATM.Consistently about 25-35 min delivery time and good food. I've tried some of the other Chinese in Roxborough/Manayunk, and I have been coming back to China Wok.
5 stars for food quality and delivery timeLight, clean tasting Chinese. not heavy on oil or salt or sauce and we absolutely loved it.  So glad we found this for delivery.I think I found my Manayunk chinese go-to. I've gotten takeout and delivery twice from here already. Each time the food was piping hot when I opened the container. Had the chicken and broccoli combination and sesame chicken combination. Both were really good! The egg roll is good too.. not overly greasy. Also have tried the fried crab ragoon.. probably my favorite thing to order! Mmmmm. Will definitely keep ordering from here!Very cheap Chinese food. It's exactly what you would expect greasy and not very good quality. Sometimes that's what I'm looking for in Chinese food though so this is the place.
Get the Singapore noodles. They have tons of stuff prop and seafood. Very tasty way to get rid if a hangover.Hands down the best Chinese food in the greater tristate area... I realize this goes unsaid.Good standard American Chinese food in the area. My go to is usually crab rangoon, lo mein, and boneless spareribs, which are all very good and not greasy. Ribs are lean and nicely cooked/tender.Cheap, and alright. Not particularly amazing, and only takes cash, but when I crave greasy American-Chinese, it's always there.Super fast delivery service for Chinese food. Ordered and was at the door within 30 minutes during prime weekend dinner time! Sesame chicken comes with a layer of broccoli on the bottom, which wasn't stated on the menu, so I felt a little like they were trying to fill up the container, but can't complain too much because it still lasted me almost 2 servings for about $10. Not overly greasy or salty, but the filler broccoli definitely was NOT fresh. 
Overall a decent choice for mediocre Chinese delivery food, but bumping to 4 stars because of price and speed.Great Chinese food in the Manayunk/Roxborough/East Falls area! Delivery usually runs about 30-45 minutes to the East Falls area. They are closed on Tuesdays (FYI). Cheap, but cash only! This is our go to Chinese delivery place!This place is a hidden gem! my boyfriend and I were scouting all the local places trying to find good Chinese food since its apparently hard to find in Manayunk and tried this place. AMAZING!! Super cheap combos ~$6 and they are sooo yummy. 
Cash only but hey- its worth it! 
so delish!Great, cheap Chinese food. I've only ordered a few dishes, but loved everything I've ordered. And the delivery guy has an awesome haircut, which is a nice bonus.Its close to 4 stars...but they dont take credit cards so i cant go there when im out of cash and i had one bad experience with their food.... but if you have cash and you live near green lane try it.This place is delivery / take out only hole in the wall. That being said it is a great hole in the wall. Good food at really dirt cheap prices and no deliver charge.Best Chinese delivery in Manayunk/Roxborough. Cash only and no online ordering had me going to infererior spots for a long while. Trust me - go to an ATM and call them. Fantastic Kung Pao, General Tso's, lo mein, Hunan, etc. And the crab rangoons! Mmm. Great value and portion sizes too.Fast, easy walk from my apartment, solid food, good selection and use of vegetables and piping hot cheap dishes that make for excellent leftovers makes this place a winner in my book. Not terribly authentic but not covered in sweet and grease either.1st time here. Picked up a low-key Mother's Day buffet for dinner.  
I agree with others: not oily, tasted fresh. Will order again. Well, some things. 
Shrimp egg foo young & mu shu pork were outstanding. 
The family liked the shrimp egg rolls & dumplings. I gave up my eggroll because they loved it so much so I didn't get to try. I did try one dumpling, I personally didn't care for it. 
We had pork fried rice... It was fine. The Singapore noodles were lacking. But my wife put it in the pan and added seasonings, and then it was amazing. So we honestly don't mind getting Singapore noodles again just to throw it in the pan and fix it up a little. It's like they gave us a great head start, LOL.
The only downfall was the orange chicken. I got that with the kids in mind. They use the rind or the zest of the orange. It is so bitter and terrible. I appreciate the fresh zest, but that was a fail. And we literally are dreading having to eat this chicken, but I'm not wasting it because it was around $9. We're eating this bitter chicken! When I add duck sauce it was not so bad. Next time we will definitely try sesame.1st time here. Picked up a low-key Mother's Day buffet for dinner.  
I agree with others: not oily, tasted fresh. Will order again. Well, some things. 
Shrimp egg foo young & mu shu pork were outstanding. 
The family liked the shrimp egg rolls & dumplings. I gave up my eggroll because they loved it so much so I didn't get to try. I did try one dumpling, I personally didn't care for it. 
We had pork fried rice... It was fine. The Singapore noodles were lacking. But my wife put it in the pan and added seasonings, and then it was amazing. So we honestly don't mind getting Singapore noodles again just to throw it in the pan and fix it up a little. It's like they gave us a great head start, LOL.
The only downfall was the orange chicken. I've got that with the kids in mind. They use the rind or the zest of the orange. It is so bitter and terrible. I appreciate the fresh zest, but that was a fail. And we literally are dreading having to eat this chicken, but I'm not wasting it because it was around $9. We're eating this bitter chicken! When I edit duck sauce it was so bad. Next time we will definitely try sesame.
Overall, I think it's very well priced & quality. It's really difficult to find good Chinese food takeout. Solid pic.China wok is that work! Best chinese in manayunk aside from han dynasty but thats apples to oranges in my opinion. Strictly takeout and cash only. No funny business either. Real chicken too not that nut ass grey meat you usually get at these types of places. Get the singapore mei fun. SEE YA!Best take out - cash only Chinese food spot I've had outside NY.
China wok is what you need when looking for simple Chinese take out. My go-to's are sesame or general Taos chicken with steamed dumplings or wonton soup. Every time the serving of meat is large and well cooked, not greasy or overly doughy.
Service is good, on Friday and Saturday nights you can expect 45-60 minute wait but any other day is anywhere from 10-15 minutes. 
This is in my weekly rotation for take out, I'll be back again soon. Give this place a shot, you will not be disappointed!Ordered from here twice and im done with this place. The first time, I waited 10 mins to get my food since the workers were too busy cooking at the back and wouldnt take time to come to the counter. The second time, I was told to come in 45-60 mins; 75 mins later, I still had to wait another 20 mins for them to cook the dishes; im pretty sure they did not cook the dishes until I was inside ready to pick up and then they gave me a wrong dish. I dint get the house special chow mien instead got a random dish with mixed meats and vegetables that were soaked in sauce that tasted weird. Pepper beef with onion and kung pao shrimp were pretty plain; I could barely differentiate the two flavors although they were basic chinese dishes. Beef Meifun was just ok, barely had a few pieces of yet again plain beef. Lastly, they couldnt even make hot and sour soup correct; it had way too much soy sauce so the taste was off. I didnt even have much expectation coming into a cheap americanized chinese restaurants but this is just way below average.The three stars is because the food isn't the best but they give you what you asked for. I ordered broccoli beef combo platter. I specified I wanted it spicy and it was the perfect amount which was pleasing to my pallet however the broccoli was a bit overcooked. Since I love vegetables this was a little disappointing. I like a crunch to all my veggies. Nevertheless I enjoyed my meal. 
I would've rated it higher but the owner couldn't give me a receipt from the register which I thought was very suspicious. She only wrote my order on an order form and she wrote in another language which was again odd. I will admit she was polite and appeared sweet but I didn't like the idea hat I couldn't get a receipt. 
Would I come here again? Possibly due to proximity to where I live but I'd try somewhere else before I returned. I love ethnic food so hopefully they'll step up their game.i've never been disappointed eating here. it always tastes fresh, the meat is fantastic, vegetables are crunchy. not greasy. great value for the price, almost always have leftovers. the employees are super friendly. this is truly a hidden gem of manayunk and a favorite of residents.They have amazing crab rangoons! Best in the area imo (muchhh better than Dream House for example).
Egg rolls and sesame chicken were also delish, portions were large and prices were super reasonable. Pickup was ready when we arrived, cash only (but there's an atm outside).I accidentally ordered Chinese pickup thinking it was another Chinese restaurant in the area. I didn't want to inconvenience them so I didn't cancel the order. It is located in an area where parking isn't great and I had to park illegally. I ordered chicken with garlic sauce and an egg roll lunch special. When I got home I realized that they didn't not give me an egg roll but wonton soup instead. The wonton soup was gross. The meat inside tasty chalky for some reason. The chicken in garlic sauce had good flavor and the vegetables were crunchy however, the chicken had a weird "mystery meat" taste. I still ate it and I'll probably be dead in six months...Stay tuned!Probably the best Chinese delivery place in the Manayunk/Rox area. We get the boneless spare rib combo with fried rice & a egg roll. Also ordered the pan fried dumplings, and a small white rice. Add a can of 7up all for $18. 
Food comes hot, fresh, and usually under 30 minutes. Cash only. Friendly Service! 
Cheers!Love this place.  Thought it had gone out of business, but am now finding out they are closed on Tuesday.  Now I know.  Got the Singapore Mei Fun and the Shrimp with Black Bean last night.  Had it delivered to our Wissahickon neighborhood, and it arrived in less than 30 minutes.  My wife declared "good, and not overly salty" and she is right.  I love the look of this place from the street, got a bit of an Edward Hopper vibe.  Would be cool to see one of their cooks outside on a rainy night having a smoke, like one sees in Chinatown.This is exactly what I was looking for.  Flavors were rich, the sound of the wok was right, fried foods were crispy, the effort was spent on the food not the location, they didn't speak a lot of English.  Just perfect.First time here and yesssss!! Fast, hot and deliciously amazing!!!! We will be back!!!This place is legit. I've ordered a whole bunch of times since I moved to this neighborhood and I've tried a lot of there menu and all of it has been good. If you are looking for the Americanized Cantonese we all grew up with, done right, order from here. Just have cash ready.Manayunk is an interesting place. Half small town, half big city. CoWorking spaces, dog parks, "high-end" thrift stores, plenty of coffee shops and the word "fusion" used more than I am comfortable.  In my experience this correlates to bad parking and high prices.  China Wok though, reminds me of simpler times.  Their decor including the faded, almost blurry posted picture menu, the red and green try-fold paper menus, and boy oh boy, daily Lunch Special pricing. I found this while driving back downtown from Ridge Avenue which has its own plethora of asian food spots - more Thai oriented than Chinese in my estimation. I noticed the yellowed sign and could see the plexiglass "talking booth" from outside. I knew I had to try it. 
Here is the order I placed on 10/11/19:
Lunch Special: 
(Comes with Roast Pork Fried Rice, Can Soda or Wonton Soup)
Shrimp Lo Mein
*Alt/Special request: Vegetable Fred rice
Sesame Chicken
*Alt/Special request: Fried hard, extra spicy, extra sesame; Vegetable Fred rice
Quoted Total: $13.50 
**Restaurant only accepts cash. 
I called it at 11:01 am. I remember hearing the chimes from a nearby Cathedral bell. The woman that answered was polite and not at all curt as sometimes is the case when you call during the lunch rush at some places. I asked for delivery (embarrassingly since this place is a ~10 minute walk from my house), gave my addy and ran down my special requests. She didn't immediately rush me off the phone and when I asked for the price she offered confidently.  Great! So far so good!
At 11:37 there was a knock on the door. Note: There was no preceding phone call. This is fine for me but those of you that can't hear the door from elsewhere in the house may want to consider this. I came to the door, pushed forth a $20, offered the tip and received my change. 
::I want to inject here that on a PREVIOUS ENCOUNTER with this driver there had been notable awkwardness when he didn't get a tip. I certainly appreciate tipping but it was definitely not fun being questioned about not offering one.::
I took my food into my office (see pics) and everything was made as I requested. In the bag, soy sauce, napkins, plastic forks. I didn't request any duck sauce, hot sauce or spicy mustard. I did not request chopsticks. The customary "cookies not non-psychics." No extra menus. I prefer reusable everything but this isn't the soapbox for my 60 second elevator pitch on climate change. I received crispy, not crunchy, Sesame Chicken with a dollop of sesame seeds. The chicken itself looked like chicken (heart-eyes). A diverse amount of vegetables were added to the usual humdrum broccoli bouquet. A thoughtful amount of shrimp was added to the Lo Mein. Nothing soggy or swimming in sauce/oil. Good portion size. I enjoy my lo mein cold so after taking a few bites I let it cool and then refrigerated it. 
Everything tasted fresh and was hot; steam rose from the lo mein when I removed the lid. The food wasn't heavy, or salty, or oily. The other reviews of this place are accurate. Getting the cash to patronize this place is far less annoying than receiving bad customer service and waiting two hours for inferior chinese food from other local establishments or the outrageous price of Ubereats and Postmates. 
That's it. No fireworks, no pitchforks.. Just expectations met, which in the days of Yelp and overpriced failed deliveries requiring heated exchanges with chatbots, "expectations met" is a revolutionary act - well worth a reading of the St. Crispins Day speech.
Cuisine: 9/10 
Service: 9/10
Decor: 9/10
Value: 9/10
Overall: 9 out of 10Very good Chinese food! We ordered sesame chicken, general Tso, and pork fried rice. Everything was very tasty and the food was ready for pickup within 10 minutes. Cash only so keep that in mind!
Would definitely order again