The food was so/so delivery took almost an hour. They put something weird in they lo mein. The fried chicken was lit tho....Cheap and fast Chinese food. Never had a problem. Love their singapore noodles & egg rolls.Great food, great price and huge portions.  Oh, and the delivery was amazing.  Customer service was on point.  I placed my order online and within minutes the restaurant called to confirm my address. Nice touch. I ordered the sweet and sour chicken lunch special (that came with wonton soup), fried wontons, and honey spare rib tips.  The fried rice wasn't greasy or too salty.  OMG! All of it was amazing!  No pics because I inhaled most of it. I will definitely order from here again.Love their sweet and sour chicken. Good portions too. Prices are reasonable and the staff is niceDumplings were awesome, ribs were delicious, general chicken was so so. I'd crush some more dumplings in a heartbeat.Okay, so it's your pretty standard Chinese take-out/delivery fare.  However, when I first moved to the neighborhood, I desperately searched for a decent Chinese place; I think I tried every joint in a 10 block radius!  This is by far the best.  
The staples are all here.  I've tried most of them over the course of the nearly 2 years I've been ordering from this place.  They're all above average; none have been truly bad.  Some of the more unique offerings like the cold sesame noodles and the  Sichuan fried wontons are my favorites! 
Is it the best Chinese delivery/take out food I've ever had? No - but it is, by far, the best in the neighborhood.
P.s. - Never had a problem with delivery; it's always been on time.  And the waitress is very friendly if you opt for take out.This is the best chinese takeout I have had in the city so far.
Food was hot and tasted great. Order was right.
Took an hour and 15 minutes for delivery.
My order contained: egg roll, egg drop soup, beef lo mein, fried rice, general tso's chicken, and the spicy beef. The egg roll was the least impressive, but still acceptable. Everything else was better than expected.  They're sauces are great here. 
Would recommend!Best Chinese delivery I've had in years.  Everything was hot and fresh.  Delivery was super fast.  The dumplings are fantastic and the subgum wonton soup was outstanding as well.One General Tso combo is enough for two meals and their egg rolls are delicious! Food is always ready quickly for pick up and very hot/fresh. No complaints here!Here now getting some take out. Food is always consistently good. I always get the General Tso Chicken.Very bland, boring Chinese food. The "beef" is tough and sinewy. There really is nothing that stands out about this place.  It's not horrible, by any means, just not good either.Good American Chinese food if that's all your looking for, nothing special. Delivery took some time but overall a good go to when your looking to eat and don't feel like using your brain.We've been looking for a new favorite delivery Chinese.  We haven't found it yet, but there are many better than China Garden.
We should have stopped after the teriyaki beef which was pretty good.  A bit more sauce would have been nice, but the meat was good.  The fried rice was flavorless and very overdone.  The orange chicken was inedible.  There was an odd fishy smell to the large globs of breading covering a tiny bit of tough chicken.  Even the chicken rice soup was bad.The food is always good. Fast delivery. I love that the general tso has 4 different spice levels. The chicken wings are good, just small. The only thing I don't like is that sometimes the fried rice is made without eggs, carrots and peas. I think it's odd. Still good but odd. Other than that, everything is great.My new favorite Chinese delivery spot. Randomly picked this on yelp based on reviews, i ordered the general tso's chicken and steamed pork dumplings - both excellent. And super fast delivery - will definitely be ordering from here in the futureDRIVER Called house phone after 11pm and said out front. 15 minutes still no where near my street. Called driver back and he said " i right here coming ", i said "no take it back" Have me open my door near midnight and hes nowhere.  Nope... take it back its cold by now. Crazy ass comes to my now i know that is cold he said "i was on 14th street" really  there is NO 14th street. Closed door. Called china garden they would not answer.Usually I like the food from here, but I was really disappointed when I ordered the scallion pancakes. It was nowhere near a pancake. It was literally fried dough - you couldn't even taste scallions. And I ordered bourbon chicken with broccoli - they only gave me one piece of broccoli.Ordered Shrimp lo mein and got shrimp and long ass pieces of hair instead. Don't order here unless you don't mind eating someone else's strands of DNA.In the DC area, I had stopped doing take out because the Chinese restaurants were so bad in my area.  This one reminded how good they can be.  I've liked just about everything I've ordered, incl. shrimp dishes (good sized shrimp!), orange chicken, wonton soup, crab wontons.  Wasn't a fan of the scallion pancakes/Chinese pizza, but I was expecting something different.  The cashier is really sweet.Was looking for a quick bite to eat and saw that this place did delivery. They have a huge menu selection and a small lunch menu as well (the regular menu seems to have coupons you can tack on like free drinks or apps). I ordered online and in no time at all, the delivery guy was knocking on my door with piping hot food. Everything was delicious! I would definitely order from these guys again!Just awful.
I ordered from here, instead of my usual place, to branch out. My usual place doesn't have mushu anything, and I was craving it. The reviews said it was good, and that the food usually came quickly. My food took over an hour and was absolutely terrible. Here is what I got:
1. Sesame Chicken Combo with pork fried rice and an egg roll- The chicken has so little sauce and, the sauce that it did have, was way too sweet. I am used to a saucier and redder (in color) sesame chicken, that's crispy. While the chicken was crispy, the lack of sauce and mediocre breading made it a huge disappointment. I took two bites and put it in the fridge. Maybe drunk me will give in later. The rice it came with was absolutely flavorless, had dry pieces of pork in it, and raw onions. They really need to cook their onions longer and make it more flavorful. The egg roll was good, though. Granted, there are generally two kinds of frozen chinese food place egg rolls, and this is the kind I prefer with the crumbly crispy shell and not the smooth one. The innards were pretty good. Standard.
2. The Veggie Mu Shu- First of off, the pancakes they came with were absolutely horrible. I don't know if they make them themselves, but they were paper thing, rectangular, and stuck together. I had to peel them apart so slowly to ensure they didn't rip. When I put the hoisin sauce, veggies, and rice in, I rolled it up and the second I did, it fell apart. It's a shame. Now, lets talk about the vegetables. I mean wow, the lack of flavor. The shredded veggies, of which there are little mushrooms and mainly cabbage (so cheap), were sitting in what tasted like water with a bit of soy sauce. Mushu is supposed to be flavorful and in a light brown sauce, not water. This was inedible and even hoisin sauce couldn't save it.
3. Wonton Soup- Not bad, but not the best I've ever had. I also like when they send cripsy noodles that you can tell are deep fried and flat, not the thin round ones. 
4. Cheeseteak Egg Roll- I had never had one of these before, so I assume they are pretty standard most places you go, like the frozen egg rolls, but the one I had was pretty good. Good drunk food to consider at other places in the future. 
Overall, I am finding out how much of a chinese food snob I really am. I like saucy sesame chicken, flavorful pork fried rice that has more sauce/more flavor and cooked onions, mushu pancakes that are standard, and mushu veggies full of flavorful brown sauce. I will absolutely not be back.This was really bad bad Chinese food. Sesame and General Tso chicken were both soggy. Pork fried rice wad tasteless and dry. Really greasy egg rolls. Burnt tasting broccoli. Mystery meat in the mooshoo. Should I go on?Really good food! Super affordable, the delivery was crazy fast, the man who came was very kind, and the food was piping hot and very good! Plus, there was a TON of it! I can eat for 4 days off the amount they gave me. Definitely will be ordering from here again.It is sold Chinese take out. Best no worst no ok yes.Ordered takeout on a Sunday night. The food came in less than a half hour, which was great. The spring rolls were very good, but the shrimp ho fun was soggy and the noodles did not seem like they were cooked all the way through.My experience with China Garden's delivery was less than stellar.  Got a call from GrubHub after an hour stating the delivery guy showed up to my house and said I didn't order food.  Wrong answer.  Shortly after the guy came back and explained he attempted to deliver to the house across the way...kind of odd seeing as my house number is LARGE and has never been an issue for any other delivery guy.  Long story short China Garden's delivery drivers need to learn their numbers.
Was a bit concerned food would be spoiled since it was out for a while but it was worth the wait and annoyance.  Ordered a dish of shrimp and chicken.  Fantastic.  Wasn't as spicy as I like but that's why I keep 12 bottles of Sriracha on hand.  I'd order from these guys again but probably dine in.I don't care what your food tastes like.  If you talk to me rudely on the phone you get a bad review.  End of story.  Also, $1 extra for sauce on the side instead of on it? Fuck ya selvesOne of the top three best corner store Chinese places I've been to in Philly (and yes, I've been to a lot of them). This is mostly due to their dumplings, which are absolutely amazing. I get the vegetable ones and they are so filling I can't eat anything else (and for only $5.50!!). Their egg drop soup is alright. Their white rice is perfect. Their sauces congeal a lot when they sit and cool off which kind of grosses me out, but they're still better than what you'll get at most places. They have free coupons for sodas and stuff when you spend certain amounts.My favorite Chinese place for delivery!  Affordable, always on-time delivery, and oh god is the food on point.I think once upon a time they were good to us, but last night we had the worst Chinese food in a long while. General Tso chicken was super hard and chewy and the sauce was light in color and flavor. The cheesesteak rolls were fine but not enough to keep this place as a go to spot for delivery.They have lots of delicious vegetarian options. Their General Tso's tofu and veggie dumplings are my favorite! Their delivery is always very quick and their prices are cheap. 
(Got the veggie lo mein once and wasn't a fan, it had a strange taste)Found my new spot for Chinese food!  I typically stick with General Tsos Chix, and they didn't disappoint!  The chix isn't overly covered in sauce like other places, which is how I prefer it.
If you like spicy mustard, ask for some of their homemade spicy mustard - it's great on the egg rolls and shrimp toast.Some undeserved hate for this place (seriously dude,one star because of a delivery driver when you actually enjoyed the food?)
Their food is awesome-sesame tofu is super tasty, and their general tso's is gold. They jam pack the house lo mein and mei fun with meat and seafood, and every is flavored perfectly. My go to spot for Chinese,and delivery is incredibly quick-I usually don't wait more than a half hour
Bonus-the extras you get based on your total are some of the best aroundI cant really comment of the food because i didn't even get to the ordering. I called to order for delivery and gave them my address, they said they never heard of such address and hong up on me. Great. Thanks.Hands down, the worst Chinese/ American food in So. Philadelphia. I felt nauseous after eating from here every time after 4 different accaisions over a 5 year period. food not refrigerated properly very high bacteria levels. Never again,period.Banging dumplings!! Fresh, house made delicious banging dumplings!! Thank you China garden!!!What the eff is with the delivery driver. I should've checked reviews first. Get a new driver! TerribleIs this gourmet food? No. But it Is inexpensive, quick, and hits the spot for a takeout lunch on a work day.  Lunch specials are about $6-8 bucks and come with soda or soup. I wish one of the lunch time soups was hot and sour but sadly, the lunch special soup only entails egg drop or wonton soup and isn't much to write home about. But for $6-8, I'm very satisfied. My shrimp and vegetables had a handful of large shrimp and tons of colorful, well stirfried veggies- broccoli, carrots, baby corn. I had some leftovers for home too. I'll definitely be back again for more lunch specials.I ordered off of EatStreet tonight. I live in an apartment building and waited 1 hour for my food. I told my doorman to let him up to my apartment. He called when he got there and said he wouldn't come up bc my tip was only $2. I proceed to go down to get my food and ask him basically why he wouldn't come up and then he continued to go off that the restaurant is far and that he spent money on gas to travel here. He also said that I didn't get enough food or leave enough tip for him to come up. He was just rude overall. I said ok I won't order from you again and he said that he didn't want to see my face again. Also after he left other residents in my building stated he was showing and ranting to other people in my complex prior to me coming downstairs that I only ordered $8 worth of food and only gave him a 15% tip. 
I usually don't write bad reviews but watch out he may be mad at you for ordering the minimum and not providing a sufficient tip. Delivery man I didn't set your radius up on EatStreet so don't blame me!I've been ordering from here off grubhub for a while and as it's become one of my weekly staples, I feel it deserves a review.  It's great. The beef and broccoli is better than what I've gotten from more high end places. The dumplings are amazing. Delivery is fast. I love this place.Great Chinese takeout! Their egg drop wonton soup , pan fried dumplings, wings, sesame chicken, fried rice and stir fry is all yummy!I've only ever eaten their tofu and vegetarian stuff but it's always hit the spot. Fast service too!Yummm best cOld sesame noodles ever. The inside of the restaurant could certainly use a makeover but the food is always quick and deliciousI found a hair in my crab ragoon. I picked this place due to its cheapness and closeness. I'm highly disgusted to have literally pulled out a piece of hair from inside of my ragoon. I ordered the pork fried rice along with sesame chicken and wonton soup. The fried rice was bland, and didn't have the color of actual fried rice. It was a kind of dry off white with a barely visible yellowish hue. Delivery was on time.I may have found my new go to Chinese place in Philadelphia!  General Tso's chicken and Shrimp with Garlic Sauce were both delicious. I also got lo me in but it wasn't as flavorful as I would have expected.  Portions sizes are great and food was fresh. I got take out so the food was still tasty when I got home.I order here at least once a week. Best Chinese. They have amazing pizza rolls, sweet and sour chicken, chow ho fun and scallion pancake! Quick and friendly service! 
Recommend it!Hands down best Chinese food experience of all time. Super quick service, sanitary, and COVID-19 consciences! The food was great and the value was amazing!Their menu is super full but the different varieties help to make things cool. Their food is fresh and the delivery doesn't take long. A must try.I don't know what to say. But I will start with the positives. Their food is excellent and I look forward to it every time I try to order a delivery. The problem is the delivery! They are only two blocks from where I work (Methodist hospital), yet they've cancelled at least 2 of my orders without telling me. Once they thought it was a mistake, because my zip code was from Northeast Philly, where I live. Yesterday they cancelled because they don't have lunch specials on Sundays. All they could have done was call and tell me, but they did not communicate. I had to re-order and it took another hour before I received my order and I was beyond starving. I finally ate my lunch at 3:45 pm. Why is it so hard to get good service down here? I work alone in my office so I can't walk over and pick it up.I come here all the time. I like their Singapore noodles, shrimp broccoli, dumplings and wings. The place inside doesn't look clean, that's what you should expected from most Chinese takeout restaurants anyway. However, the lady is so friendly and nice. Last time I didn't have enough coin for another 20cents she lets me go. She said I always come here and she remembered me. Their prices are so cheap and they gave you so much food. An order of Singapore noodles can feed the whole family of 4 people. The best Singapore noodles ever!!!Delivery is good but food not good @ all. Shrimp lo mein was so salty. I also order pork fried rice but it came without meat in there‍. It looks so disgusting. We couldn't eat anything. So everything in trash. Never order again.China Garden. Never lose that exuberant delivery driver that always seems like hes having the time of his life while dropping off food door to door across the city. I need to get his name. Please do not expect the food to totally blow you away, but the value, along with generally quick and easy service places this place on my shortlist for value Chinese take-out and delivery in Philadelphia.
Through about a dozen orders this is what I found:
Pros:
- Value! Meals for three people (even big eaters) can cost as little as $15-20!
- Delivery times say about one hour (usually takes 25-30 minutes)
- Food is always hot and packed well.
- Orders have always been accurate and can even include bonus items (like extra egg rolls!)
Cons:
- The flavor of the sauces/food can vary order-to-order and is not always consistent
- Not the highest quality but fine for the value
Recommendations:
Ordering through Yelp for these guys is so easy, never had an issue. It seems like the food comes out the best during the weekday/weeknights. It could be a misconception but just something that I noticed. My favorite menu item is the dumplings. I usually get them with chicken but there is a handful of other choices including veggie options.Best wonton soup around. Quick delivery that never takes more than 30 minutes even when it says much longer. My go-to for Chinese delivery in south philly!