This was my first experience with attending a drag queen show, and boy did i have a ball. The handsome bartender was kool even though he looked like he didn't get sleep from the nite before. Neither less his customer service skills were perfect. Our server Nate S..... Should be my best friend. His service was fast, polite and worth his tip. I would recommend Sunday's. Lastly i enjoyed all of the entertainers and it definitely was a judgement free zone. The only recommendations would be more options for the brunch/show menu.was visiting Philadelphia and stumbled in cibo. what a lucky delight food service exceptional at dinner. also went to their sunday drag brunch, as a single man I was sorry I was leaving philly, place was filled with young ladies celebrating birthdays and bachelor parties, I didn't notice the show , lol !**** DRAG DIVA BRUNCH REVIEW****
The research:
On July 29th, myself and family and friends celebrated my cousin's Bachelorette party in Philly! One of the bride's request was to see a drag show so I searched high and low and found this show on Groupon. Now of course being any yelper I wanted to read the reviews prior to paying for the Groupon. I came across the site for the show but unfortunately it did not provide me very many details and real photos. The good thing about me finding the site was the ticket price was cheaper than the Groupon that I didn't purchase (insert thinking emoji). 
Soooo I continued searching and came across the yelp page for Cibo and whatta ya know a couple yelpers reviewed the show........NOW LET ME BE HONEST ..... those reviews DID NOT do any justice for these DIVAS...matter fact I was sooo hesitant that we almost cancelled...but the sun shined and opened my mind and I was BEYOND SURPRISED!!!
The Pre Game:
We walked into Cibo and was greeted by long legs and blonde hair and from the beginning these two blonde bombshells gave US LIFE....YAAAASSSS!!!
Prior to seating you check in and wait at the bar. Of course we had some drinks as the divas advised they look better after a couple drinks lol. I had a peach Long Island ice tea...yup... it was Bomb! I also exchange my bigger bills for ones to ensure I had tip money for the divas.
The Show:
Our show consisted of two Divas (unfortunately I don't remember their names) but I will call them the Best of Both Worlds! These babies gave their ALL...set after set! The crowd participation was on point. The bride actually one tickets to return since she out staged 5 other ladies celebrating events shaking a tail feather!! Of course our group was extremely loud and supportive cause we LIVE for these queens!!! We tipped and cheered and ate and sipped and tipped some more and enjoyed every moment of the show. The food was great! I had the chicken and waffles and had to take a bite in between the show because I didn't want to miss ANYTHING!
Price:
Tickets via dragdivabrunch.com was $5.00 instead of $12.00 on Groupon and you pay $24.99 for your food via the prifix (sp) menu. You will pay more for specialty items. Your meal includes to mimosas or 1 Bloody Mary or soda which I was too engaged to even order
All in all this was a fabulous show the divas did a FABULOUS job and I will definitely return if I am in the area again!!Best Drag brunch ever especially with such great performances.  Servers like Nate who are attentive and friendly make it a great experience! A great choice for something different to do on a weekend. 
The food was tasty- I ordered steak and eggs and the mimosas are great and don't leave you with a headache. 
As I mentioned our server was Nate and he checked on us regularly to make sure we were okay- he cleared the table rapidly and most importantly he was super friendly. It is definitely a fun time. Come prepared to tip- expect some good lip syncing and comedy that will leave you in a good mood to start your week.The only accurate reviews about this place are not recommended. Was there for a birthday party, drinks took on average 20-30 min to be brought to us. The food was way overpriced and completely unacceptable. The risotto had so much garlic in it it was inedible, the veggies were ridiculously bitter, steak was ok but I'm writing this review as I'm being sick from it the next day.  And they ran out of desert on the restaurant week menu. Also screwed up orders so some people were eating for a while while some still had no food. Definitely not worth the price.My friend took me out for my birthday for dinner and I couldn't think of where to go. After walking around the city for awhile we passed this place (Cibo) and I decided to try it out. What a pleasant surprise. The drinks were good, the salad was real good, and the main meal was cooked to perfection. The deserts were awesome and our waitress Kate was right on the money. Oh yes,,,, live music entertainment was a really nice touch too.  We'd go back againWe waited an hour and a half for our food and it was cold.  Even if it was hot it wouldn't have been good.  The singing was fun and our waitress was great.Drag Show Brunch Review: 1 star for the martinis, 2 stars for the show. 
Buy your ticket for the drag show and sit at the bar instead of doing the sit-down brunch. The food was very bland, prix-fixe cocktails were watered down, but the green tea martini was to-die-for good.  With that being said, there are definitely better brunch food spots within a block radius of CiBo (Bud and Marilyn's, Double Knot, etc.) that you could go to before the show.
The "lip sync for your life battle" where they picked different brunch-goers to compete against each other was really fun to watch. Some of the queens were excellent performers while others merely just walked around the room to music and looked at you until you tipped them. I was expecting just a bit more dancing and singing but I would definitely go again. 
Make sure you bring at least $15 in singles to tip the performers throughout the show.I have been telling everyone that when 
they get a chance to check this place out!
Excellent atmosphere!
Excellent staff!
And Awesome food!We stumbled upon this place while walking around the city. It was the only place at the time that didn't elude a fraternity feeling as it was happy hour on a Friday night. Our waitress Lauren was super sweet and attentive. We ordered their special of the day and the salmon and both were fantastic. She also gave us a great recommendation on their drinks. The food was excellent and came out relatively quickly. We were super happy with our choice and would definitely return here!UPDATE: Giving it a 1 because an employee felt the need to blatantly harass me here through a private message just because I gave my honest opinion/rating. Yelp is used for such purposes and if an employee felt the need to message me because of that, then it's obvious things aren't quite right at this restaurant. I will NEVER eat here again.Disappointing visit last night. They could not accommodate one of us with a gluten sensitivity unless she ordered - and paid for -TWO entrees. Service was slow, soup was not hot. Unlikely that we will return.The server was not knowledgeable of the menu, very slow, and could not accommodate my food allergy unless I ordered an entree and a salad instead of just replacing the side dishes with something else.  The food was only okay, not great.  Based on the other reviews, they need to get the servers to pay less attention to the stage and more attention to their tables.My wife and I tried to go out for Center City Restaurant Week without a reservation. Dumb. Cibo didn't look too crowded as we walked along the street after being rejected by a couple other places. We walked right to the hostess and put our name in with her but ultimately chose to stay at the bar after immediately getting some seats there. 
The entertainment in this place is great. All of the staff take turns singing and playing the piano all night. It's great. We ordered from the prix fixe, four course menu. I got a simple pasta dish and my wife ordered the sea bass. We waited about an hour for our food to arrive from the kitchen, both were very acceptable dishes but instead of sea bass, my wife was given tuna. Maybe it was a mistake, maybe it was a bait and switch. Who knows. We waited a while for the food so we just ate it as it was pretty good. 
Take what you will from this review. There were mistakes made, but the ambiance, waitstaff, and our overall experience were pretty average.This was a terrific surprise. A philly area musician friend suggested it as a get together spot for a few friends. The room is sophisticated and beautiful, apparently recently redone. There is music most nights and on Thursday's it is a delightful woman, Dena Underwood. She has a lovely touch with the keyboards and is a wonderful accompaniment to her beautiful voice, excellent phrasing and extensive repertoire of jazz, showtimes and old standards. The food was very good, we all had pasta, and can't say it was the best Italian meal ever, but it's perfectly fine. And to have such wonderful entertainment during dinner was almost too good to be true. A bonus, our waiter sang two numbers!I ordered the Steak,and it was absolutely delicious,.it was cooked prefect.loved the atmosphere,the piano player was great and your waiter or waitress goes up and sings.I would recommend this resturaunt to anyone who likes good food,music and drinks.you can't go wrong on anything you order.the lighting inside was so beautiful,lots of colors.nice long bar with these blue lights wrapping around it,which we thought was really neat.another great thing was, there is a parking garage right on the corner of 12th and walnut.so don't have to walk far to get their.very convenaunt.Unfortunately it seems Cibo has taken a turn for the worse. For my latest and most likely last visit, I brought another couple that I had been raving to about Cibo. We ordered the antipasta and the eggplant appetizer. The bread was horrible. The Antipasta was very small, yet served on a huge dish but was tasty.  The eggplant was not very good.
As for main course, I ordered the veal parm which was just OK. My wife ordered bolognese and was not impressed either.  She had the same complaint as me; the red sauce was not very good.
The couple we were with had a steak which was cooked very well and was a nice piece of steak and his girlfriend had a pasta dish that was ok also.
This visit was night and day different from my last. Even out waitress was unpleasant and slow. We orders drinks when the main course was served and by the he time they showed up, we drank them for desert.   I really hope Cibo gets back the the basics and my first meal I had was one of the best Italian meals I have had in Philadelphia. It's a shame that they changed the menu as the calamari and gnocci were absolutely delicious but are now gone.Loved the piano and live performances! The hostess and server were absolutely fabulous as well! Mike D was our server and did everything he could possibly do to ensure our happiness. We should have paid close attention to the fact that there were only two other tables in the entire two-floor restaurant, but we didn't. The mussels were extremely salty and way too fishy, so the chef clearly failed to soak the mussels in salt water beforehand. The free bread tasted like frozen sourdough that I may not have even donated to pigeons. The overcooked flavorless salmon entree was horrible and served over a bed of pickled white beans!?! YUCK! The veal Parmesan was tough and seemingly double deep fried in what tasted like super old grease. I didn't ask for a discount or for a free check, but the server was kind enough to give us a 50% rebate after he realized our plates were untouched. After all, we ate maybe two bites from each entree and that was the worst $60 we've ever spent! A for service and F for quality of food.Poor excuse for spaghetti and meatballs $21 for a small portion, no salad, no bread, no cheese or pepper flakes, no salt and pepper. I sat at the bar, you could tell the bartender didn't want to be there. Food was very blandThe only reason this restaurant wasn't 5 stars, was the TERRIBLE service. 
My friend and I arrived with no reservation and had to wait a significant amount of time to be seated (in a fairly empty restaurant and no one in line in front of us). After being seated(by the window), it was really easy to enjoy the "candle light dinner" atmosphere, especially with the low lighting, live pianist, tea lights, and string lights. However, we waited a REALLY long time for a server to ask for our drinks (15 mins), I actually had to get the attention of the server from the table next to ours to tell her that we haven't had a server yet. It was clear she was flustered and maybe this place was understaffed. 
The wait time for appetizers and main courses was minuscule as it was usually a runner bringing everything else. However, we rarely got visited throughout the night by our waitress. I ran out of water a few times and had to wait a long time for a refill. 
However, the service may not have been up to par, the food there was delicious! My friend had the braised pork belly over risotto, and I had the stuffed chicken special (stuffed chicken with roasted tomatoes/peppers, asiago cheese, and bacon served over vegetable risotto). The flavors were definitely different and I'd love to try the other things on the menu.
I don't think I will be returning, based on the service and the fairly high price-point for the food.i was just passing through center city and i notice 5 dollar Margarita. i love a good happy hour buzz. 
Drinks were a little watered down but its 5 dollars. ive had better, but i cant complain. service was nice they have out door seatings and live music. it was nice, i had a good time sipping my drinks .Went for restaurant week 2017 and it was probably my party's fault for booking later than normal but they didn't have some of the foods advertised on the restaurant week menu which we ended up ordering from their regular menu. I ordered the steak filet tail which came with a side of risotto. The steak didn't really have great flavor and the risotto was very crunchy, like I've made better tasting risotto. One person in my party had mussels with a side of polenta and said they were sub-par while another got shrimp with a side of spinach also said how her's was sub-par as well. The only positive was our waiter who was attentive and nice as well as the gelato dessert which was also very tasty.Wow!! Never have I ever waited so long for food!  We were a group of twenty and we were literally the only people in the restaurant beside two people on a date.  This was absolutely crazy! Slow!!Came here for restaurant week, my wife and I got the mussels, crostini, and filets. The service was excellent and the restaurant had a nice atmosphere. The food was mediocre, not bad but not great. The drinks were a little watered down and expensive.Dined here last Friday night with 2 other couples. What a great start to a night out with friends. Started with fabulous drinks at the bar and then were seated right by piano player/singer.  Food was amazing. Prices are very reasonable.  Gnocchi fabulous.  Filet with crab was a huge hit. Lamb was melt in your mouth terrific. Salads were incredible. Bottle of wine, delicious and nicely priced. The fact that the servers are so talented and get up to sing was so entertaining. We can't wait to go back. Huge hit. Thumbs up. Entire staff was top notch and super friendly.  We will be back.  Dinner and entertainment all in one----- Loved every minute of this evening.What a fun experience from start to finish!  The bar area is stylish and modern. Highly recommend going ahead of your reservation and having a drink. We were seated right on time and loved our banquette with a perfect view of the piano player and stage. The live music was entertaining without being intrusive or overpowering.  
The apps (mussels, rice balls and grilled calamari) were delicious. The main courses were good, but had to ask for sides of pasta. You would think Fra Diablo would come with pasta, right? 
We heard from other reviews that the service was just okay, but we had an amazing waitress that knew the menu, laughed along with our conversation, and even gave complimentary limoncello as an after-dinner treat. 
All said, we completely enjoyed the dining experience.Excellent food and service. This place was a delight to find. Friendly staff including our bartender Virginia, thanks for taking such good care of us with your excellent service! Go get their Alfredo fries and tempura chicken parm. Delish! Craving something sweet? The tiramisu is so good. Thanks again Cibo, we'll be back!There is not much better in life than taking a chance on something new and then realizing you made an awesome decision! CIBO was just that for me!!
I took my wife, daughter and her boyfriend to CIBO for Valentine's Day and it was just great. A finely tuned piano sits in the center of a theater like dining room. The pianist plays songs from all decades and sings along. As your waitress finishes taking your order she jumps on stage and begins singing as well!!! THAT'S RIGHT!!! The entire staff sings. They take turns throughout dinner jumping up on stage and blowing you away with their talent. Just makes the entire atmosphere rise to another level of fun, especially for groups of friends or family. If you like to sing along and give plenty of encouragement, this is your place.
This hoopla did however raise concerns for me about the food. I mean, is all of this pomp n circumstance really just to help in not noticing the marginal cuisine? NOT AT ALL, even the food was amazing. Fried goat cheese over arugula with a blueberry reduction for an app, chicken Milanese, penne vodka, shrimp scampi, it was all amazing.
Get to CIBO as soon as possible, heck, invite me, I can't wait to go back!!Just had the Valentines Day prix fixe dinner and to sum it up, this would be a great place if it wasn't for the food. Really, I could not say that any of the food was good. Nevertheless we had fun. The best things I consumed were: (1) the Manhattan cocktail, which got me buzzed enough to just groove with the singing waiters and not care that the food was mediocre until (2) the desserts, which I assume were produced elsewhere and were really delicious. Whatever came from Cibo's kitchen was barely edible. (Details? OK. Pasta fagioli soup, bland with no flavor; calamari salad, rubbery, not tasty; pork chop, dry; risotto, gooey; crab cake, too crisp and not flavorful. Not a single dish was good.) My advice to those who find themselves dining here for some reason: buy a small bottle of high quality balsamic vinegar, keep it in your pocket and splash it on anything you order that you would like to have flavor. 
Really, I should have known that if they had tables available last minute on Valentine's Day there must be a reason, just like Groucho Marx used to say he wouldn't want to be a member of any club that would let him join. But we went. Shame really. The staff is all really nice. Shout out to Luke the waiter, great guy and he can really belt out a torch song. Location great, concept with the piano lounge vibe is great. Nurse your drink and channel Bill Murray doing the lounge singer act on SNL, was that the 80s? And you can handicap how the first dates at the tables around you are going to turn out. But really, you almost have to try to take what seem like good ingredients and turn out food this bland and poorly cooked. You can eat a hell of a lot better for the same money or just as well for less. One other issue, they rushed the courses out. Second course arrived when we had barely started on the soup so I had to send it back. Hard to understand screwing up something so basic. So why does it get three stars? Cause with the entertainment it's still fun. Just don't go for the food.Ate there last Wednesday night. It's a short walk from the convention center.  We had a variety of dishes, sausage bolognese (really good taste), mushroom bucatini  (menu says it's a cream sauce, but the cream isn't overwhelming,  tastes more of the mushroom-fantastic) and chicken piccata (sauce was very good, though the chicken was dry and when this was pointed out, they immediately remade it and then it was perfect).  The portions are large enough that if you get appetizers, you might have trouble finishing your entree.
Nice ambiance and there's a piano player; plus one of the servers, Kate sang a few songs; so you get entertainment also.  Our server Nate was fantastic, very nice and attentive. We stayed until closing, drinking at the bar; had a Philly Berry for the first time.  
Great place to check out when you're in Philadelphia-we'll definitely be back again.First of all the whole staff are professional singers and perform during dinner! The dining room is beautiful. I had the tortellini soup and the lamb chops, both were awesome. The prices were normal for Italian. I'll definitely be back :)Went to this place for the first time with my boyfriend on the Weeknd of Valentine day. We enjoyed the food and the customer service .. after the restaurant closed there was an event at the restaurant and it just added more fun to our date ! Can't wait to go back and enjoy great food and great customer serviceCame into Philly Saturday to meet some friends. A lot of places were already booked for the night for 4 so we tried out Cibo. Best food and service we've had in a long time. It's awesome how the staff gets up and sings in between serving. I can attribute our excellent experience to our server Luke. He made great suggestions for entrees, kept us entertained, and even dedicated a song to our group that was a double date. He was even nice enough to stop what he was doing and take pictures for us. I often drive 45 minutes to Philly to go to the best known places, but when I return this place will be top on my list.I came here for restaurant week. The venue is nice with live music and an interesting 2nd floor space. The food was good, but the service left something to be desired. We waited some time to receive our drinks. The food took almost 2 hours to come out, and the wrong dish was given to us for our first course. When we asked why we didnt recieve the food we ordered, they simply answered, "oh, we ran out, we brought you this instead". When it comes to the food, the mussels were excellent, steak ok, and dessert was delicious. I probably won't go back.Fantastic place.  Great energy and entertainment. 
It was my birthday and they did not disappoint!
Sang happy birthday in 3 part harmony!
Our food was awesome and the service was great.  Everyone had a smile.Fantastic Service. Super cool restaurant lounge, with live music and singing servers. Food is super. Start to finish. Wife and I were looking for and enjoyable dinner, with great food and CIBO delivered! Can't wait to be back...This is a fabulous place with the best happy hour!!! Live music, incredible harmonizing, and friendly staff all in a beautiful atmosphere! The bartender puts a lot of effort and creativity into his creations. I can't wait to go back!I visited the restaurant with a friend (CAD) the last time we were in Philadelphia.  We did not have a reservation, but the place was not too crowded so we were quickly seated.  
We ordered the antipasto platter, crab cake, seafood fra diavolo, and a bottle of wine.  The food came in a timely manner.  The food was excellent.  My friend said she especially liked the crab cake.
Hopefully, we will be able to return the next time we are in the area.It appears this restaurant is closed. They are no longer accepting reservations on Open Table and have not responded to any of my phone calls requesting a reservation. I stopped by last night during their regular hours and all the lights were off and doors were locked. They should really update their voicemail, website, and Yelp page to let people know they are no longer open.The boyfriend and I  came here after a recommendation from his parents.   We are here for the weekend for the car show.  Our hotel is literally a block away.  We were pleasantly surprised.   Ok we came here because we were super hungry and it was getting late..like 10 pm late.   His filet was perfectly medium done.  My veal Royale was spectacular.   It had shrimp scallops and lump crab meat...awesome!!!!  Decor was romantic but social.  Our server was spot on, friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  We'd definitely recommend this placeOk. So... my boyfriend made a reservation tonight for this place and I happily went looking forward to entertainment and food. 
We were seated at a table at the front of the restaurant. After waiting approximately 15 mins the manager came back and said, "Oh my gosh, no one has helped you yet? Let me take your order." Ok cool. No big deal.  We waited another half hour for our appetizers to appear. In the meantime several other tables in our section were standing up and looking around for wait staff.  Another table asked  a clearly stressed out employee, "are you the only waiter here?" And he said it was him and another person for the whole house.  We got some cold bread and oil. 
We were relieved when we finally received the first course by a food runner. We asked her for water and she kindly brought us some.  The caprese salad was tasteless and had one spinach leaf.  The mussels were cold. 
Several minutes later we received our entrees. My boyfriend's lamb ragu tasted like, "something that comes out of a lean cuisine box" (his words not mine).  My mushroom tagliatelle was ok. 
After the entree we had to flag someone down to order dessert. The cannoli that my boyfriend ordered tasted like "something you could get from pathmark" (his words) and my tiramisu was underwhelming. 
We asked a busboy for the check and he said "sure, who is your waiter?" Answer: we didn't have one. The manager brought out our check and told us "not to forget to sign". 
Since I am a fair person (or try to be) I want to list the pros and cons: 
Pros: piano music (that did not sound like show tunes), romantic ambiance 
Cons: Frustrated people getting up from tables around us and leaving, underwhelming food, not having a waiter/waitress, awkwardly having to ask for things, cold air from door opening and closing
This place looks appealing but not worth paying $35 dollars per person. I'm not writing this to be vindictive but I definitely don't want anyone else having an experience like I had tonight.I ate here earlier today and had the Caesar salad with chicken. My stomach was upset immediately after I left CiBo and I've been feeling sick all day and night. I'm assuming I have food poisoning. The front of the house looked unorganized so I can only imagine what it's like in the kitchen. I never get sick like this from eating food and I will never be back. I will make sure to call CiBo tomorrow to let them know of this.My wife and I went to CiBo for happy hour and was greeted immediately with its friendly staff and romantic ambience. Live music playing in the background was an added bonus. The bartender was very attentive and the drinks were SUPERB. We only ate light fare but it made a good impression on our taste buds. We will definitely be going back!Service was horrible, food was not too good either, the waiter who identified himself as Nate was very inattentive, the entree took about 45 minutes to come out between bread being brought to the table and the waiter didn't even come back to the table to see if we were fine until the food came out 45 minutes later. On top of the horrible service this restaurant has the nerve to add 20% gratuity on a bill for two people. I will not be returning there, not even if it was free.Came here with my wife to check out a new place and we were definitely happy we came. We ordered lamb chops, roasted chicken parm and a side of polenta. Everything was good but the stand out was the lamb. Fair prices, decent beer/drink list and great service from David. Will come again!It was pretty empty when we first arrived and we were seated quickly and then we ordered our meal. It got a little crowded as the time went on but then time did go on for awhile because we waited what seemed an exceptionally long time for our dishes. When I finally received my chicken marsala, half of the dish was cold and half the dish was hot, which is always displeasing. I would have returned the dish but I did not have the time nor the patience to get a new dish. The food on the dish was , essentially chicken strips on some cold mashed potatoes, if it was not for the price I would have been less disappointed as the taste was not bad. Overall I have had better experiences else where for far less the price so I guess I would think again before stopping by here.The restaurant has a wonderful ambiance while you eat and the pianist is amazing! Good drinks and a perfect place for long conversations and classy low-key dates. Polite wait staff and decent service overall.Our group of 4 visited after the theatre and we were greeted immediately and seated. The hostess and our server were very attentive, professional and very pleasant. My 2 stars comes from the food. The bread was a new try for them and it was good. The brussel sprouts appetizer was very good, as well, but I ordered veal parmigiana, thinking that I was playing it safe. The veal was truly uneatable. It was very rubbery, so much so, that I couldn't even cut it. I could have sent it back but we were on a time constraint and we didn't have time. I just ate the spaghetti. 2 out of 4 of us liked our meals. For the price, I expected a much better meal. We will not return.
Also, I would have emailed the restaurant but their email is not listed on the website.This is a hidden gem. Live music 7 nights a week and a great vibe inside. The bar has plenty of room and the food is delicious. Happy hour specials are not to be missed!Drag show brunch was just ok for me. I purchased tickets because groupon stated that stars from Rupauls dragrace will be here that was a lie. Instead they had 3 random drag queens. I have no issue if their not famous. My issue is them wanting to be tipped with no talent. Walking around the room barely lip singing isn't talent. They did interact w the crowd thats the only plus. I ordered a long island for $12 they put it in a small glass filled w ice & in my opinion not enough alcohol. I wont returnOverpriced Italian restaurant just in a good location. They charge a 20% gratuity on coupons and try to lure people in with discounts and being a tourist trap. The food wasn't terrible but nothing special, the bread was stale, the service was incredibly rushed, and there wasn't many people. It looked nice though and we had the calamari, chicken asparagus, and sausage bolognese. The food is 3 star, decor 3 star, price 2 star, service 2 star so I think 2 1/2 is fair. I think there's just a ton more betters options on walnut street and 13th street.We only came for drinks, but we had a terrific time.  The bartender Amanda was wonderful and funny, and all of the staff was very talented.  The piano player was amazing!My family was in town and we needed a place to eat at 7:00 on a Tuesday near the Kimmel Center.  Of course that was not an easy task but luckily we found CiBo.  The staff was friendly and very welcoming.  The food was great.  We had the crab cake, steak, chicken parmigiana, and the tortellini special.  All the dishes were great.  We will definitely be back.I had dinner here last night and the food was great. The music was very nice and our server was good. People have complained that it's expensive but maybe they don't expect a premium for the entertainment. Yes, I could get pasta cheaper anywhere else but to have beautiful piano playing and singing waiters is worth the extra cost. 
I had the Caprese salad and the pasta primavera. My friend had the pasta with artichokes dish and enjoyed that. The only problem I had was that originally I wanted Chicken parm with pasta but it was a $5 extra charge to sub pasta for the potato and veggies it normally comes with. I probably would have given 5 stars if they didn't have that policy.This is one of those places that is highly underrated on Yelp by those that come exclusively for the food. Maybe it's just me that has become dis-interested with the old Philly formula of A: Place a bar in a brownstone + B: put a kitchen in the back + C: sell some unique food + D: forget about the atmosphere. This is the Walnut Street Supper Club with a new name (that's pretty much all that's changed). It's a place you go with friends to grab a drink and some decent food when you don't want anybody to care what you look like... a place where you can get into some very interesting conversations with the clientele; a place with some decent entertainers that sing old Broadway standards as entertainment... a place with a unique atmosphere to Philly. It's not the greatest food, but the atmosphere (not horribly loud) and liberal pours of liquor (compared to the restaurants on Sansom) is rather unique to this part of Philly. This is what gives Cibo the extra stars (thought they should be working on the other bits... a unique atmosphere is not the whole solution to A,B, and C). Just like Walnut Street Supper club was, the restaurant is highly supportive of the theatres nearby (which implies Philly's gay community, artists, etc) ... just in case you couldn't figure that out with attempts of "The Sound of Music" coming from the stage.I had high hopes coming into here for the ambiance and was willing to sacrifice taste and accept the meal is priced a tad higher for pasta. We were sat upstairs in a table near the back but there was such an obvious slant to the table that out beers needed to be partially drank to avoid spilling. We weren't able to see the performers from our table so we relied on a tv monitor to see if our server was singing. The one positive is that the servers were very friendly however and some of them have really nice voices during the songs. the other plus was our bread and olive oil and the calamari appetizer. My chicken served with artichokes in a bland white sauce tasted almost microwaved and the texture rubbery. The other entree ordered was angel hair pasta with cold canned crab served not in a white wine sauce as described but tasted like bland wet noodles. The drinks are overpriced and unfortunately can't recommend this place although I like the premise. If only the food quality was better I may have considered a better rating.I am giving this an automatic 5 because my family and I arrived in Philly a little late and when you have a picky 3 year old then you kinda have to just pull the trigger on something quick.
Long story short, when my 3y.o. says she wants pasta then it's a no brainer. And since there was no Noodles close by I called a friend who looked out for me, and I am ever so grateful; But he looked out by putting us in on a reservation here as the clock was getting close to the last hour.
I must say... When we arrived, from beginning to end despite the fact of them expecting us, THE SERVICE WAS EXCELLENT.
Staff was great and very pleasant making sure our needs were met and that we were taken care of.
Also to mention, they made sure that my 3y.o. was definitely served up first with her linguine pasta with marinara sauce and a side of chicken nuggets plus pineapple juice. The wife had brussel sprouts on top of polenta to start and her entree was a flavorful steak on top if risotto. But the cocktails she had were pretty aeesome too. I would have indulged but my 20's are way behind me, so rojo vino it is.
I started things off with the 3 meatballs and my entree was the pan seared Salmon on top of some savory lentils and green beans. Lucky for us, we came in during wine week so the wine pairings that I had were great. When it was all said and done we really enjoyed ourselves and the experience was more than exceeding any expectation that I may have had. Lastly, the walk back to Sofitel on a day where the weather was great... Priceless.
We Came, We Sipped, We Laughed, We Dined... May many more of our experiences be just like this time.I came here with my boyfriend on Saturday (2/13/2016) to celebrate Valentine's Day with some drinks, and dessert.
All I can say is that I miss the Walnut Street Supper Club. 
They only had two dessert options that night, and the live music wasn't that great.  I miss the piano player from the Walnut Street Supper Club; he played with such heart... something that was missing Saturday night.
The restaurant decor was confusing as well... beautiful paintings, Chinese paper lantern looking lights, and LED lighting on the bar.
The saving grace was the server.  He was a bit distracted starting off, but redeemed himself half way through our meal.Had an absolutely amazing time at the Sunday Drag Brunch! Didn't stop laughing the whole time! Food was good and the Bloody Mary was deliciously spicy. Lots of audience involvement especially if you are celebrating a birthday! I highly recommend!! You'll be dancing out the door! (Not for kids-Adult humor and language)I had a perfect dining experience here on a Friday night. We arrived for our 7 pm reservations, were greeted by a friendly hostess and seated promptly. The service was perfect and the food was amazing! We had the sautéed PEI mussels, tomato & fennel arancini and eggplant caponata for the table as appetizers - every dish was hit! Everyone was happy with their entrees as well. I will definitely come back and would not hesitate to recommend this restaurant to friends and family!Went here with my wife and parents for my birthday and we were not disappointed. We ordered 2 appetizers; the fried calamari and clams casino. The calamari was up there with the best I have ever had. Nice and crispy and unbelievably tender. The clam casino were also very good. We ordered salads and all were very good. I had the tomato and mozzarella and the Buffalo Mozzarella was amazing.
For our meals, my parents ordered the Veal Saltimbocca and Lamb chops. Both were very good. My wife got the gnocchi which is "made on premise" and it was absolutely phenomenal. My main course was the lobster and shrimp in spicy marinara. The shrimp were huge and the lobster was delicious, but the sauce left a lot to be desired.
Although my main course was not as good as I hoped, I will definitely be returning here hopefully in the near future. If I had ordered the gnocchi or the lamb, my meal would have been near perfect.Accommodated a large group on short notice.  The service was great! Attentive waiters,  brought food and drinks out really quick.  Really organized, was able to give everyone different checks. Had penne puttanesca, calamari, chicken parm.. Was all good. It was great to have the singing while we dined.  There was one dinner with crab that thought didn't taste right but the waiter took it back, no problem and did not charge. This is our second time there, I would go again and recommend it.Fun experience with a piano player the whole time and the wait staff taking turns singing. Apparently they make new waiters audition by singing before hiring.
Food was pretty good, not amazing for the cost.
Our waiter (Brian) was very personable and friendly.
If you're homophobic you should probably stay away as the place is right off the 'gay district'.This restaurant is the absolute worst in customer satisfaction. The waiter I had was very horrible and very inattentive. I had to wait almost 20 minutes to pay and even tried to pay at a different area on to be rudely told by that staff that I had to wait for the waiter. The food was HORRIBLE...please don't waste your time or money here. Not even worth the restaurant.com promotion. This has been the worst experience in a restaurant in center city ever for myself.Purchased a Groupon for this location..........what a waste of money!!!
It served NO PURPOSE OR VALUE
The talent was ok.........lots of lips sinking and 1 true singer.
Drinks were good.Giving this a one star cause before I even had a chance to go in I was walking up the street having a smoke and stopped to see if they had the Phils game on at the bar before I would go in, so while I was looking at the bar TV  finishing my smoke some broad at the bar was actually shooing me away. I noticed this she made it obvious by moving toward me and continuing shooing at me. I was in such shock. I made a hand gesture at her  with my smoke and said are you kiddin me ? She shood me off AGAIN!! Maybe if I had a chance to go in and have a drink ,maybe I could say different but I would be surprise at this point.I went here for the first time this past weekend and I had to write up a nice review. This is only my second review and I've had Yelp since it first came out, this tells you how much I love this place.
The people are so nice, about 3 or 4 people asked me how everything was doing. Not in an annoying way either, they really cared. The performer was great and I can imagine what other acts will show up from time to time.
The prices were reasonable and the amount of food was just right. I have a hearty appetite and I over ordered because I'd rather have take home than be hungry.
The food was great, I noticed that the food had less sodium than I normally have when I go out. For me, that's great, this is exactly how I cook. Everything tasted like it was cooked and prepared very well. Umm those muscles.
I'll be coming here often!Absolutely fantastic!!!!!   Just the best place for a date night or any other special occasion.  My "Lady Friend" (wife) and I just loved it and it was a great anniversary night!!!!My four star review is solo based on the drag brunch my co-workers and I went to yesterday && their drink selection.
First off, I don't know why people have anything bad to say about this show as it was extremely entertaining and funny. The girls interacted with almost everyone and everyone in the restaurant was having fun. Bev, was the host and the best in my opinion. We arrived twenty or so minutes early for the show so we were asked to sit at the side bar and wait till everyone was cleared out. Drinks were very strong! 
When we were sat we were placed at the long table in the middle and since we were one of the largest parties I think we got picked on the most. The brunch is a prefix menu at $29.99. You get an entree and two mimosas or one bloody Mary. **I don't recommend the bloody Mary.** -- However, the mimosas were strong and delicious. The food isn't anything to brag about and I definitely wouldn't go here for dinner, but definitely for the drag brunch again! Our server was awesome and really friendly. At one point he heard me say I was cold and he ran over with a bunch of table napkins to cover me in. It was really funny / sweet. Cibo Drag brunch is great for a birthday with the girls or a bachelorette party!I went with a group of 5 today for the Drag Diva Brunch. The show started at 1:30, so we got there at 1:10.  We were told to sit at the bar, because they didn't start seating until 1:30. We had made reservations for which we had to pay $5.50 each (reservations were recommended on the site) and it was implied that we were getting a deal, but it reality we paid an extra $0.50 over the $29.95 fixed price for the show/meal. We wouldn't have minded paying an extra 50 cents to insure a seat if that had been clear on the website. They gave us water right away, then took our drink orders. We finally got our drinks 25 minutes later, right as the show was starting. Other tables already had their meals by then. We got to smell their yummy food smells while our stomaches rumbled for another hour and 10 minutes. Once the fabulous show was over, they finally brought our our meals. The food was good - no complaints there, but to wait over 1 1/2 hours to eat after being seated was awful. To sum it up, the show was raunchy and fun, the food was fine, but the service was lacking.Was here on aTuesday evening before show at Walnut. Our server Mike was very gracious and helpful as was the host Michael. Food was incredible and will return and spread the word. 
Only one thing that bothered me was the fact that it is advertised that their "Happy hour" from 5 to 7 offers $3 beers and $4 wines and half price appetizers. did'nt want to ask and they were not offered! paid regular price for house wine and a coctail. also full price for appetizers. Can't figiure!I went with my sister on a "sister-date/ladies night" and had a great time! I used a Restaurant.com certificate and booked a reservation with Open Table. It took us a while to find parking lot parking since it was a Saturday night, but we found it virtually around the corner (make sure to validate ticket with Cibo before leaving). We had to walk in a maze of sorts, to get to the restaurant since there were so much construction around. When we arrived, the host was very nice and there were no problems with the reservation. Immediately, we were seated upstairs way in the corner, next to the Employees Only door, which was a bit weird.  We did have a view of the live performances by the waitresses (good performances by the way) but had to maneuver our chairs to get a full live view. There was a flat screen on the mezzanine level with a camera view of the performances, but I felt we still sat a little too far from it.
Our waiter was really cool although he seemed a bit busy with a lot of tables. It was a packed house that night. We asked to see the dessert menu and he brought us a tray of cakes to choose from. We expected an actual menu with prices on it to figure out what we would want. At the time, the size of the cakes and the prices he told us weren't the best value for us, so we declined. The poor guy was so overworked, he showed us the dessert tray twice just 10 minutes later! He caught on and we all laughed about it, no pressure.
Food: Very good! No apps or desserts ordered, just entrees. We had the Chicken Pollo Marsala and mashed potatoes. The chicken was juicy, tender and flavorful, especially with the marsala sauce. The potatoes were the right amount of garlic-y if you know what I mean. We were taken aback when the paper menu had a different price than the Restaurant.com menu (about a $4 difference, but maybe the site didn't update the prices?). My sister had a glass of Pinot Grigio and didn't like it. She said it was "too strong and too dry."
Overall, I'd go again, just may not be my first choice.Just came back to this place after sometime and I couldn't be more impressed! The new decor has a vibe that makes you want to keep ordering just one more drink. The staff is beyond  phenomenal, and the food hits the spot. Its moderately priced for the high quality of food, worth every penny. I'll definitely be coming back for seconds.2/17/18
 Our group of 6  arrived for a 6 pm dinner. It was a triple Birthday celebration plus a Pre -Theater dinner for my son's fiance's sister and mother. They were from out of state.
We were seated right by the Piano player which may have been nice if I was further away as I could not hear my table mates talk.
We were given a basket of very small cut bread wedges(not pretty at all) and 2 dishes of oil. Water arrived by the water boy. 
When the waiter came we ordered a bottle of wine. The manager came back and said they were out of that type of wine. We ordered another brand. Okay that arrived and we all were served wine and  our waiter took our orders. We all choose the  Pre-Theater dinner as  advertised on the menu. 
Then everything went down hill!
We were waiting  and waiting on our appetizers, a neighboring table was complaining about slow or no service. The manger was going over to that table often.  Then we heard the table behind us got the wrong wine delivered by the manager.
We saw our waiter running all over the place but no were near us.
We had to flag down  the woman who brings the food out if our appetizers were ready.  She looked so flustered and said she would check.
So brought the appetizers out.  All was good.
Then again  the wait and wait for our main course.  It was 7.30 and the two in our group had to leave soon for the theater.
 My son was so mad about the situation and even his fiance;s mother said they are advertising a pre-theater dinner but can't produce it on time.  
We had to flag down someone again.  Not our waiter he was no where to be found. The women who brought out our  original appetizers came out with what we thought was our main entree! Nope she brought appetizers again.  
We told her we had  the appetizers already and it was the main entrees we needed. She looked confused and took everything back to the kitchen.
She came back and said the food would be out shortly.
Our waiter amazing came by and asked how everything was.  I told him service is terrible.  He said they were short staffed and he ran off. I never saw him again.
Well our entrees came and we all were stressed as two in the group had to eat fast and they would miss out on their dessert which was in the Pre-theater price..  They ate half of their food and had to leave. No birthday celebration as planned with desert.
I was furious and I know I was not alone. The man next to our table was obviously angry. He had the manager and his waitress back several times.  His waitress looked at me and asked if my server had come by recently and I told her no. 
 We were now waiting for desert. The water boy came by and wanted to leave a cafe of water. I told him no but I did tell him I wanted to speak with the manager.  She did come over and I told her I felt they were falsely advertising a pre-theater menu and could Not come through in a timely manner.  
She insisted this never happened before but my husband and I did not believe her as I have seen bad reviews on Trip advisor from last year with the same issue.  
I told her 2 of our party did not get to have desert and she said she would wrap it up. My son's girlfriend said That would be hard to do as they ordered gelato.  
I told her I want my bill adjusted. She said she would wrap up 2 cannoli for the guests that had to leave and adjust the bill.  
When we got the bill she had taken about 15% off. Which was the cost of the bottle of wine.  I would have pursued it more by my son's girlfriend did not want me to and thought that was fair.   Personally I would have liked the dinner on the house. 
So do not go here for the Pre- Theater dinner. You will not make your seat on time. 
Food wise. No complaints. My group had chicken and pasta,shrimp and pasta,and the mushroom truffle with pasta.  Portion wise for the price. I would say they were small with exception to the chicken.  
The place has potential. Needs to be better staffed and have waiters who are prompt on timing of delivery of food.
No I would not return.
P.S. I see another person left a bad review on the same evening.My husband and I ate here on a Monday evening because we had a gift certificate to use. We were the only people dining at the restaurant at that time, although there were a few people at the bar. I have no complaints about the server -- she was very kind and engaging. We didn't see any of the musical performances, so I can't comment on that. Our food was just fine. It was nothing to write home about, and in my opinion over-priced for what we received. I'm assuming that this is one of those places where you pay a bit of a premium for the experience. However, there was no entertainment while we were there and I felt that our entrees were just so-so. Also, the entire restaurant was pervaded by a not-so-faint scent of cigarette smoke, which struck me as very odd. I could not figure out where it was coming from, but it never really went away the entire time we were there.We stopped by for a happy hour tonight. The bartender was really helpful and attentive. After a glass of wine and some live music we kindly asked for an advice on how to explore the seafood scene of the city in less than one hour. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly and I feel like coming back with some of my friends!! Cannot wait to explore your menu without unnecessary rush. Thanks!!We had drinks and caprese at the bar - incredible!  Fresh buffalo mozzarella and basil.  Also have $3 beer during Eagles games.We visited during restaurant week. Before I write my review on the food and staff, I'm going to say, our actual server, Luke was AMAZING. He was extremely attentive and knew the menu and what to suggest. Everything he suggested was perfect. When it came to the food, they offered a 4 course meal for 35, which was great!  First thing I found to be odd was, I had to ask for bread. I can't remember the last time I was in an Italian restaurant and I had to ask for bread. When the bread arrived, it wasn't fresh. (Almost like they baked it the night before) Then salad and appetizers where amazing no complaints (we had the spinach and prosciutto salad and the steamed mussels). When the entrees came, mine was great, I had the Cibo steak. It was fabulous. My husband had the chicken pickotta and it was extremely bitter in taste and the chicken was over cooked (very chewy) A waitress walked pasted us a few times and noticed that he wasn't touching it, and neither where the girls next to us. The girls spoke up and said how bitter it was and we agreed. The  waitress was great and put in a new entree for us.  My husband was very grateful. Now this is where it gets bad... while we were waiting for the food, the Lights go off!! Not completely, but it was very dark. They were cleaning and it was clear, they where closing. Then the guy comes around and apologizes for shutting off the lights, and says he didn't know we were even there. Then they started moving the chairs and tables all over the restaurant, the noise was loud and it felt like we had overstayed  our welcome. We asked for the rest of our Food and dessert, to go. When we got up to leave , we realized they were making the restaurant into what appeared to be a nightclub. In all, the food was great and our server was amazing however the operations were a mess. Even with the restaurant week special the feel of the restaurant did not feel like how much we paid. I am actually very disappointed. I get they where transforming into a night club but they should have respected the restaurant patrons more.Apologies but it's quite hard to enjoy a meal when all of the entertainment I have are Novice "Singers" at best. Would be nice if we had experienced entertainment as opposed to someone screaming words on a loud speak system. That ruined it for me. Sadly, it was my server who kept performing. Was there a strike?I went for dinner with a very large party and the waiters were great! Fantastic service, great environment, amazing food! I had the salmon, small-ish portions but great.