We thought this was going to be a total bomb. But, it was actually really great! We had the Ribeye Skewers and Margarita Pizza, both were awesome. The staff were friendly and the service was quick.Plenty of choice of beers, cider and cocktails. Pizzas look great however I wanted something light and they offered a cheese board selection with meats. 7 different cheeses to select.  Industrial looking furnishings, good atmosphere. A few tv screens on the walls. Nice long bar with tv above.We were told the wait was 20-30 minutes, but we've been waiting over an hour now. Why doesn't this place take reservations? The hostess keeps saying we're next but for 30 minutes? Not worth it for pizza you can get anywhere. Very disappointed.Upset!! I was told when I called that no reservations were needed. 10-15 minutes wait is typical. So my group of 4 find parking in center city which is a nightmare but we arrive on time at 8pm when we said.  The hostess said it's an hour and half wait! Seriously! And on top of that when we walked in it was so LOUD it was honestly hurting my ears. Not for us.The food is awesome but what impressed me most was the drink selection.  High end, sometimes rare, sometimes just awesome, sours that nobody else really has in the city.  As someone who randomly started reacting weird to IPA's, I needed to start finding some ciders that I could tolerate and respect, as opposed to just the angry orchards and strongbows and jacks.  Cinder has multiple, hard to find ciders that are amazing.  I'm not a charcuterie guy but my girlfriend crushes the entire board here.  It's sickening and impressive at the same time... 
The vibe here is different than the packed spots of young fake ID kids like at Opa or McGillans.  Little more mature, little easier to actually converse with the friends you came in with.  Definitely will be back.This place was excellent. It's a bar but it's not too loud, the service was really fast, the food was delicious (and big portions! wow!) and since we went during restaurant week it was really affordable. They know how to cook a steak which is very important to me, but I also tried the seafood dishes (coconut curry mussels and crab cakes) and they were great too. To top it all off the draft list is huge and pretty much exclusively craft beer, with great prices and easy indicators of the size of the pour. All in all, really pleasantly surprised with this place that I had done no research on beforehand. You should go!Pizza is just ok. Service is just ok. Nothing special here. Yelp wants me to keep writing, but there's really nothing to say. It's certainly not memorable & I wouldn't come back. There are many better places nearby.Yesterday I visited Cinder for the 2nd time in three months. As the saying goes "first time shame on you, second time shame on me."
I'll start with the pros: vibrant section of center city, decent decor/nice & clean, open airy space, good selection of beers and ciders, prices very much in line with other center city spots (as in slightly overpriced but expected).
On to the single con: both times I visited I found immediate seating at the bar (meaning it wasn't swamped/super busy) but it has taken me well over 2 minutes for anyone to even be bothered to say "Hi"- despite there being two bartenders standing behind it. It's almost like they're doing you the favor by allowing you to patronize the establishment. This last time I decided to just chill, time them, had my one drink, tipped and left.
I was hoping the 2nd time would be the charm but there are far too many other decent happy hour options in the area to give this spot a 3rd time to get it right.Can I give this place 6 stars? Our server Keira was awesome. Had the Brussel Sprouts and Cider Mussels which made it 5 stars alone. The Pizza was phenomenal. Even with drinks are bill was around $60. Will definitely come back again!The Farmhouse Platter is epic. The house pate, especially. Best i have ever had. 
Great service...everyone is so nice and knowledgable.  
Different atmosphere.  Bar is good for chatting with people. 
Highly recommended.Just stopped in for a quick drink on a ladies weekend evening and that quickly turned into flights all around. The beer was pretty interesting across the board and the server was really knowledgeable. Solid service and the ambiance is nice- a modern aesthetic without much sound absorption so be prepared to say, "what?" Even more frequently than normal beer ears.Service is spotty. Kind of surprising given that there are many servers on the floor and at least 3 bartenders. Otherwise, the place is pretty awesome. Happy hour consists of -$3 on snack foods and most beers on tap. Beer selection consists of wild ales, small batch ciders, and microbrew beer.  Try the cinder fries - $9. All I remember is chorizo and french fries with melted cheese. Nice, dark, cozy decor. Very dimly lit, good ambiance. Will be back for the pizza.I've been here a few times for dinner and happy hour now. It's great! I feel like I've tried most things on the menu here so o have a few food suggestions! Definitely go for the Calamari app here. Don't suggest the mussels, cuz they're smaller and not has juicy than expected (they were actually kinda dry). Also, the cinder fries are amazing!
As for pizza, I highly recommend the spinach goat cheese as a vegetarian option over any other, even the marghareta. Then for meat options, I definitely recommend the prosciutto pizza, but that was pretty obvious.I tried this place on a whim last week and was really impressed. We visited on a Friday Night and service was prompt and courteous. The bar itself it very cozy. I love ciders and was really excited to see their collection. I ended up trying the seasonal gingerbread pear cider which was sweet and a had a great hint of nutmeg. For food, they have classic bar eats and amazing craft pizza--tried the wild mushroom and was not disappointed. And oh--they have a weekday happy hour from 5pm-7pm. I will definitely be back to try more!This place unfortunately stinks.  Came here for a beer week event.  Granted it was busy; but the beers weren't even ready until an hour after it was supposed to start.  If you know you're going to have a busy night, have enough bartenders.  The two working unfortunately had to take care of the entire place, and couldn't do it.  That's management's fault, not their's.A cute gastropub, great for a quick bite or (extended) happy hour. We had the smoked mozz and a pizza, both were great. Cinder fries were so-so, more salty than flavorful. Loved the selection of ciders.This place was only open for six days when we went the other night. They were out of a few things and the wait was a bit longer than we were told, but that's to be expected with any place that's new. That being said this place is great! The draft beer / cider selection is large and very unique. The food was also really good. I highly recommend checking it out. It will definitely be a place I frequent often.Nice find on Locust Street after the Rittenhouse Square art show.  Spirits from local distilleries; my gin drink featured gin from BlueBird in Phoenixville.I was expecting more from this place especially when it came to the ciders.  There are 6 on draft and I was only feeling 1 of them.  There were more in bottles but most were priced st $18-$22.  I think they were larger bottles but I'm not going to pay for that if I'm not 100% I like it.  They don't have flights but are working on it.  
We had the sausage pizza and the jalapeño poppers and they were good.  The interior is very rustic and warm and they had large tvs.
I would recommend this place but for happy hour or a couple of beers.BAD SERVICE AND BAD FOOD. We went in on a weekday lunch. The entire room is dead, we're the only table. The entire time the waiter was chilling on the side and didn't even come to add more water when the water is half way gone. The most important thing is the pizza is COLD. This is a ridiculous restaurant. Overpriced, and certainly doesn't know how to prepare their food. There's a lot of good places to get pizza and beer in center city. I strongly suggest you look somewhere else.Get the wings.
They have 1 kind of wings here and they are extremely good. The decor is cool, lots of copper everywhere. 
Stopped in randomly for a happy hour meal and I'm def coming back.I like to believe that whoever made our mushroom pizza forgot to add sauce. Because that pizza was basically a large cracker with mushroom and leaves of spinach with some drops of cheese that you can barley taste. Probably the driest pizza I've ever had in my entire life. It was like eating sand. So I really hope that was just a mistake and they actually add sauce to their pizza shaped crackers 
On the other hand, smoked mozzarella was absolutely amazing as well as the cherry salad so those two get 3 stars! 
Put sauce on your pizza.Great atmosphere. The food was great and we had fast considerate service. Excellent selection of beer cider and wine. For its first weekend open it seems like it's been here for yearsGreat restaurant for those who air on the side of adventurous beers. Food was ok. Nothing wrong with it per se, but each dish just seemed to be lacking one essential flavor/component.  Pizza topping combinations were well designed and decently flavorful but the crust was quite bland. The space has an urban decor with nice dimmed lighting. A little loud for my liking. Between the crowd and loud music it was difficult to carry on a conversation without raising your voice.What a fun and trendy addition! I have to say, I was a little skeptical about ANOTHER pizza and beer place on locust street no less, but Cinder went above and beyond expectations. 
The beer selection is awesome and fun, they have something for everyone! And the pizza.... the dough is cooked to perfection and the taste combinations are superb!!! We had the eggplant pizza (incredibly tasty 100% recommend! As you can see from the picture, we couldn't wait to finish it) and the margherita, which was also so so tasty and excellent compared to every other pizza/beer place in philly attempts to do. Because it was only their second night opening, the menu was limited but that was a smart decision because everything they offered was perfection. And this was further exemplified by their filling to max capacity the entire night! BRAVO AND JOB WELL DONE! a knockout addition to center city and I can't wait to visit again.I like cinder's concept a lot; but I think they still have a little to work on in execution. The pizzas are good, but probably not the best wood fired pizza in the city. Our service was slow, but it was Saturday so maybe just a busy night. I also think their drinks are a bit overpriced. I do like inside the restaurant itself though - they did a good job with the design. Just be aware they don't take reservations!Great drink selection- especially if you like sour beers. I don't normally like ciders, but the flights were a good size and there's a lot to try. On a week night we were seated quickly. The salad and wings were delicious. The cheese plate was on the small side.This place is a hidden gem.  The food was amazing and different.  I just happened to see this place as we were driving by trying to find a parking lot.  The thin crust pizza and appetizers were scrumptious.  I would definitely come here again.Since returning to the States a couple months ago, I've apparently visited Cinder 7 times. I guess it's time for a review!
Cinder was one of those places I followed closely prior to its opening (yes, even from Prague). Sours and ciders as the main focus for the bar? Sold, sold, and more sold. Extra sold knowing they were associated with the operators of Bru, U-Bahn, and Uptown Beer Garden. So much love to those spots.
My first visit was the day after I got off my transatlantic flight. Jet lag? Pfft. No match for Cinder! JK I left without drinking much because I started falling asleep at the table. But still, the bar made a lasting impression and now has become one of the go-to bars among my friend group when we're in Center City. And luckily for me, it's right off the PATCO line. Woo-hoo! Perfect location all around.
Only qualms:
- It can get pricy and hard to stay on budget, as you can expect by all the rare/fancy suds on tap.
- It can get seriously claustrophobic depending on the crowd. Cider Bowl last month? I lasted for about 10 minutes before hightailing it back to Bru's Sour Bowl.
- It can get loud. Very loud.
I've heard mixed reviews of the food but haven't tried it myself yet. From what I understand, go for the brews more than anything. I'm sure I'll be back soon and maybe I'll order something that's not liquid eventually.Cool place, a little on the trendy side.  It's very modern on the inside and not too big still a good amount of seating.   They specialize in hard cider and sour beers so it's catering to a specific palate.  Lucky for me a I am huge cider fan and really enjoyed all their choices.  The staff was very pleasant and made good recommendations.  The food was good especially the mushroom empanadas.  For main courses its mostly pizza and mussels, otherwise your are limited in your selections.  Great place to try something a little different.Don't bother. Despite only 10 people in the bar at 5 pm, we waited forever for our 2 beers. What was the waitress doing? When I went to the bathroom 15 minutes after ordering, she was just kind of lingering by the bar. And it was still another 5-10 minutes before my drink arrived. Not even their great happy hour special ($3 off drafts) are worth that long of a wait. No thanks.Let me start off by saying we went for brunch! The atmosphere was cool, I liked the music / lights / decor. Our server was very friendly. 
I really enjoyed my Bloody Mary, I ordered it with the pepper vodka and it had the spice level I really enjoy. My bf ordered the bright eyes and was anticipating a whiskey sour (which, is kind of expected, it was egg white, bourbon, absinthe, etc) but it was served on the rocks in an extremely small tumbler, like maybe less than 6oz tumbler. The flavor just wasn't there, so that was disappointing. And $10 for that cocktail just seemed like suuuch a steep price. 
The pizza had really good flavor. The egg whites on the pizza are very runny, almost sous-vide style so that could deter some people who like their eggs more finished. 
The biggest disappointment was the coffee to be honest! They drop off a French press which seems so delicious and promising, but the water wasn't nearly hot enough for the coffee to brew so it was just incredibly weak, and the press itself allowed a lot of grinds to come to the surface.
I'm bummed, I wanted to like this place a lot more than I did. I might come back and give it another shot because their local cocktails all sounded delicious.Cinder is a fresh new place, the atmosphere is calm, trendy, and comfortable. The staff behind the bar and out on the floor is spectacular, they are knowledgeable and congenial.
As far as the food goes, what a knock out. I've recently been keen on artisanal pizzas and as far as Philadelphia goes, Cinder does it the best. Crispy doughy crusts, fragrant blends of spices and sauces. Highly recommend the Al Pastor Pizza, as well as the Cider Mussels. Both were divine. 
Prices are in line with competition, but the food, beer selection, and service is parallel to no other. 
Highly, highly recommend. 5/5 stars, don't do that often!!Went to cinder for brunch after seeing on an eater philly best brunches...no menu on their website which is annoying, so relied on another yelper's post to see the menu.
Was super excited to have the Oreo baby cakes....except they're no longer available. Neither were a variety of other menu options such as the biscuits and French toast. Updated menu here.
Also really surprised that it was like empty at 11:30 on a Saturday for brunch.
Got the cinder omelette, really good. Potatoes were somewhat bland but overall satisfied with my meal.
Also overheard that they were only serving brunch
Final thoughts: disappointed start but turned out to be a decent meal. Glad I tried it but not sure I'll be running back anytime soon.**Restaurant Week Review**
Came here last night. Seated at a high top with my group. First impressions this place is pretty trendy with the copper menu holders and such. Waitress came over to go over the menu, they were doing and all or nobody thing with the restaurant week menu meaning if one person didn't want the special then nobody could get it. There reason was because of how they fired the ticket and it would be delivered to the table. Never had a place do this and well that excuse is why they got 2 stars instead of 4.Ill explain in a minute. We got a round of the first and second courses. The fries were good and had what i think was taco mean on them. The calamari was standard, nothing special about it. The shrimp Cesar salad was basic again nothing special. The crab balls were great and had good flavor. For round two we had the cheese plate, again nothing extra special about it and same with the meat plate. The mussels were good and the brussle sprouts were edible. For entree we had 2 pizzas, 2 steaks and the scallops. Well the reason for the excuse was poor because our food did not arrive at the same time. The pizzas came first, followed by the steaks about 5 minutes later. The scallops were last to arrive and came about 7 minutes after the steaks did. The pizzas looked good, i didn't try one. My steak was cooked great, but wish the pesto on top had been warmed up a bit. My wife had the scallops which were over cooked and served with a cold cous cous that lacked flavor. All in all the apps were good, the entrees were ok, the service was great, but the lack of wiggle room in ordering and the lack of follow through i cant say we will be back here anytime soon.Went with my coworkers.  Awesome selection of beers and sours.  I had the Raspberry Ale which was good but a little too tart for me as well as another - I believe it was called White Ale very light and refreshing. We split some pizzas all which were very good. Only downside was that we went for lunch and it was the new "lunch menu" which is more limited and doesn't include any of the mussels which I was really excited to try.
The interior is very well done- rustic/chic.  Definitely will be back!Ambiance: industrial and modern. Nice.
Server: friendly and helpful but a little slow, especially considering the place was dead during most of our visit.  Too much time spent chatting with colleagues and looking at phone instead of checking in with guests. (1/2 star deduction)
Food: the spinach and ricotta pie was very good, although the group generally felt the kitchen could have been a bit more generous with the cheese. (1/2 star deduction)
Overall impression: good. We'll be back.We went for brunch a few weeks ago and the only good part about it was the beer. Waffle machine was broken, food was basic, service wasn't great. With all the great spots in the area, our group will not be backEver since Cinder opened up I have been trying to make my way here! It definitely did not disappoint from start to finish. If you enjoy Ciders you will be in cider heaven. 
(FYI they don't take reservations.) We went last night on a whim to score a table around 7:30. We were seated right away, which we got really lucky with because there was a long wait after we arrived and were seated! It's a really small little place, but tables are evenly spread out with a long bar on the right side. To start, we ordered the jalapeño poppers and curly fries. Fries were really tasty! Poppers were absolutely delicious and really hot! 
I had four people in my party so we split three personal pizzas. The margarita, lamb/sausage, and the fennel. I only ate from the margarita and fennel, but both were great! My husband loved the lamb and sausage. I loveeee thin crust pizza and everything was really baked perfectly! -- The other people in my party explored different drinks, but I stuck with the 'Jack and The Pear' from the artisan cider choices. Definitely more on the sour side, and very light! The menu gives you so many different options including ales as well. 
Can't wait to come back here again!Great sour and cider selections! Happy hour was until 7 PM. The wings were sooooo good.The food was pretty much a disappointment, but the staff was lovely, which is why I'm awarding this place 3 stars. I had the ricotta, tomato, spinach omelette, and the waitress graciously changed it into a regular omelette instead of the egg white listed on the menu. I realize it's not tomato season, but my tomatoes were rotten, so maybe they should swap it out with something else right now. The ricotta didn't taste old, but it didn't taste fresh either. My potatoes were good, and the little slices of bread were fine, but they didn't come with butter or a side of jam - just nothing. Strange.
My one friend ordered the chicken and waffles and found the chicken so inedible that she didn't eat it. She described it as tasting somewhat like tofu and being really slimy. I didn't offer to sample it, but I tried her waffles. They were okay, nothing to get excited about, much less order again.
My other friend ordered their burrito and liked it. It wasn't amazing or bad, just fine. 
Lastly, their tea selection consists of chai and chamomile. What a strange selection. We skipped tea. Since I pretty much always have tea with brunch, I was disappointed with the poor selection. And with the below freezing temps, I would've loved a warm cup of tea, but neither appeals to me. 
I'd return for their happy hour wine prices, since it looks like they have a fantastic wine selection, but my friends and I will never do brunch there again. Like I said, the staff was great, but the food was forgettable. Maybe they're better at pizza, but I doubt I'll try it.
Oh, and the place was nearly empty at 11am on a Sunday morning in Philly. Considering it was nearly impossible to get reservations at most other places, it should've been a sign about brunch here. Oh well. I'm not sorry we tried it, but we will go elsewhere next time.I came in at around 5 pm on a Wednesday. It wasn't packed and we were seated right away. During happy hour, the $9 apps are $5, and some of the beers are cheaper as well. I forgot the name of the beer I had, but it was a Colorado sour with watermelon and pineapple. Very sour with lots of tartiness. It's great if you like those combined with a hint of fruity. For apps we got the jalapeño poppers and the chicken wings. Jalapeño poppers were good. The cheese didn't overpower the spice, but it did feel a little heavy for an app. The chicken wings were good- not as spicy as the jalapeños. They do however only give you legs and not actual wings. I was kinda bummed about that, but I wasn't too picky. We also ordered the fennel pizza that had sausage, red onion, and this grass-like herb. I was a bit skeptical about the grass-like herb, but it actually pairs well with the rest of the ingredients. Don't knock it til ya try it! Will definitely be coming again when I'm in town.This place is advertising it's ciders and sour beers with its wood fired pizza.  If you're not a fan of sour beers like myself, then this probably isn't the place for you.  I do like my ciders, but the prices here are a bit expensive for my taste (7-8? a glass).
I also tried their margarita pizza, but didn't enjoy it.  The pizza crust was a burnt on the bottom in too many places, sauce was good, but nothing else memorable.We ordered the cinder fries, bone marrow and Brussels pizza. I really liked the fries and especially enjoyed the pizza, but the bone marrow was so-so. Ordered two ciders and both were good. The Concord one tastes like grape juice. Delicious! I like the vibe and our waitress was lovely. I would come again and bring friends!Yummy place for brunch!  Selections for everyone especially if you like spicy.  No teas for the tea lovers.  Pressed coffee...would have given 5 stars if the coffee (and some of the food) was hotter. Friendly service!I want to give four and 1/2 stars. I've ordered food from here via Caviar a few times now. It never disappoints. Sometimes close to perfection, other times just pretty damn good. It's creeping its way to becoming a go to...Great ciders....way over-priced wine.....decent atmosphere.New spot in Philly with a good variety of beer/ciders. I am not a typical beer drinker but enjoy ciders. The first time I went, I had an amazing cider (not too sweet but just right/high alcohol content) that I couldn't stop thinking about. 2 months later, I go back and it's gone. 
Cinder rotates out it's selection which is mostly good for people, to try new things. I just think it's crazy to rotate the selection that frequently. We went last night and ordered some apps and a pizza. They got the pizza order wrong and it took forever to come out. Pizza was good, but hated waiting that long. 
I'd go back with friends but not of my own accord.I am a big fan of sour beer and cider so this was tailor made for me. Great selection of drafts and a nice happy hour. (Half off draft/appetizer.) ordered the duck spring rolls and they were very tasty with the chutney. The horseradish spread was pretty bland. Empty yet service seemed distracted by talking to each other and goofing off but we're nice when flagged down. I would return.Okay yeah, it's time to increase my rating. Cinder deserves more than five stars after its beyond stellar inaugural Philly Beer Week performance! This became my main beer home all week between the incredible wild brunches, late night HHs ($5 sours), and beer flight availability.
Their beer list remained INSANE all week. Somehow a rare Cantillon stayed on tap for at least a full day. And they casually served up the likes of Alvinne, BFM, Cascade, Allagash, Trinity, Upland, Firestone Walker, Perennial, Avery, and LoverBeer. And, often, all at the same time. Sour beer lovers have it so good in this city. And stout lovers too -- KBS and Abraxas were available most of the week!
I've also tried their food now and it's all top notch. From their pizzas, I love both the brussels + bacon and the croque madam (brunch only). Definitely share if you can -- they're generously sized. The proscuitto pizza is pretty good but I'd opt for the brussels.
For brunch, I got their classic benny with a side of two scrambled eggs. [Needed protein after all the beers!] I loved the scrambled eggs but the benedict wasn't my thing. Next time I'd even consider just making a meal of the side options. Eggs and bacon would work just fine.
The staff also needs a major shoutout. They handled the crowds and constant events with such patience. They never seemed annoyed by flight requests and everything arrived in a timely fashion -- aside from during keg turnovers. Those took a bit longer.
Cinder is great for any occasion. A couple of my visits were solo and I never felt awkward or out of place, as often happens because I'm terrible at doing things alone. It's also awesome for groups -- six or less, I'd say. And as I said before, it's proximity to PATCO is just great.
Safe to say, I'm now 100% sold on this bar! I can't believe it's still less than a year old. Crazy.Went for restaurant week with a friend.  We've done 2 successful previous restaurant weeks together and unfortunately we struck out this time.  Menu looked appealing and we wanted fairly casual, so we made a res.  The ambiance was blah, no real personality- and sadly the food and cider matched.  Did the cider flight with dinner (we ordered different things for each of the 4 courses), and each item (food and bev) was ok, except for cold risotto.  Service was adequate. Overall,  we're not likely to return but it wasn't the worst experience we've had.  Go to Bistro la Minette or Little Nonna's for great food!Jalapeño poppers were sooo good! Great service.  Tons of drink options to choose from. Definitely would come back.Lots of beers/ciders on tap. However, that's about the only draw to this place. Upon asking about happy hour specials, the waitress stated they didn't have any...yet, being so new and all.  Not sure how difficult it is to knock a few bucks off a selection of drinks for 2 hours, but apparently, it takes time. If you're looking for a place for happy hour, check elsewhere.
As for food, the menu is very skimpy, boasting some appetizers, meats/cheeses, mussels and mostly pizzas. We tried a red pizza with fennel and it was just okay. I thought prices for food were rather steep while drink prices were on par with other local establishments.
There are a few TV's in the bar area, which sort of takes away from the rustic decor and mature ambiance that (I think) this place is trying to achieve. Cinder has potential, but it needs to decide who its target audience is  (twenty-somethings who want to get loud and sloppy, or a more mature, low-key crowd).My favorite spot to hang out after work. Food is awesome and I love trying the different beers/sours/ciders they offer. 
Bartenders are extremely knowledgeable of everything on draft-- which rotates frequently, by the way. There's always something new that i've been wanting to try. ALSO, they just updated their menu so even more reason to go and see what they're cookin' up.You need to try this place. I came here for late happy hour drinks and snacks and was beyond impressed. Great drink selection and delicious snacks. Bartender Paul was the shit. Try the Cinder fries!!!!Overall I give this place a 4 star. Cool atmosphere and great beer selection. Food is decent, def recommend the pizza MargharettaWe tried Cinder today for a group lunch.  Since we had to go back to work, I couldn't try any of the beers or ciders, but there is a HUGE selection with something for every taste.  The pizzas were very good.  We had a group of five people and ordered four pizzas.  We probably could have gotten away with three in the end because we left feeling very full and still had several slices to take home.  We tried the Margherita, the Brussels and the Cheeseburger Pizzas.  The crust is delicious.  The group voted the Brussels as the best. The Margherita is great for people with less adventurous tastes.  The Cheeseburger pizza was good too, but probably our least favorite.  
We were seated right away and thought we would be in and out quickly, but the service was a little bit slow---probably normal for a new restaurant.My DREAM.. a craft pub dedicated to Cider and SOURS!  Sour beer is my favorite thing to drink, of all time. So when I heard Cinder was opening, which specializes in several, rare, sours on tap, and in bottles, I of course attended the grand opening, and pre-opening nights. I've since been back to Cinder 3 more times so I can have a better review. 
BEER: 5 stars. The sour list is ridiculous. So impressive. I've seen beers here from Cascade, Highway manor, Almanac, Pizza Boy, Allagash, BFM, multiple Belgian breweries, more. You will always find a rare sour here.  They also have about 4-5 ciders on tap, some saisons, farmhouse ales, and other ales.  First opening, beers were $10, but they've since dropped prices to $8-$9 a glass, which is more reasonable. 
FOOD: 5 stars. Pizza is the best bang for your buck. Its phenomenal pizza, for $15-$17, will fill you up. Great toppings, and unique flavors on pizzas.  Apps are too expensive, $9 for fries? $11 for poppers? No thanks. The cheese & charcuterie board is average, $12 for 2 items, so 2 cheeses + 2 meats = $24, and the serving sizes weren't very large. But the quality of meats were great (charcuterie and speck), and the brie-style cheese was delicious. 
SERVICE: 3 stars. Every time I come, service is slow. I've never gotten a bar seat, so maybe bartenders are better, but the waitresses are pretty slow, or they start off good, then forget about you. Once, we waited 20 mins for our check. Another time it took 10 mins just to be greeted and served drinks. We ended up ordering from the bar instead and carrying our own drinks to the table.  My last visit, our waitress was actually very good, so 1 of 4 times, good service, isn't a great ratio.
NOISY: 3 stars. The design of Cinder is very industrial, like a "warehouse" design. So peoples' voices echo off each other very easily, and it gets pretty loud in there. Also, its always crowded, so don't come here on a date or bring serious co-workers. 
Overall, I love Cinder for being the first bar of its kind, to focus on my beloved beverage, Sour Beers. I will come back here, all the time, frequently.I went to Cinder last night and the food and drinks were fine. Then the credit card machine went down.  My friend paid for her bill separately in cash, and they told her they did not have coins to give her. They had me go across the street to a Bank of America to get money out, as they did not know when the credit card machines were coming back up.  We waited and waited until she could adjust our checks. Not a fan. Never going back.Nice change of pace from a large dinner. Was able to enjoy a client dinner with several beers and small plates of food to share. We did the scallops, the poppers, steak and frittes, and the cinder fries. Plenty for 3 to share. Nice staff and low key on a Tuesday evening. Will head back next time we are in town. Thanks!!Came here at 3:30 on a Saturday afternoon and absolutely loved Cinder. We only tried ciders, and the Jack & Pear was my favorite. Service was great as the waitress was very attentive. We didn't try any food but looking forward to getting apps next time! Great atmosphere as well.Very underwhelming. The overall vibe is great, but the pizza was extremely average and overpriced. I would recommend this place if you're looking to grab a drink and watch a game, but for good pizza I would head on over to Pizzeria Vetri.Really nice pizza. Dough is the perfect amount of springy and well-seasoned. Had the lamb sausage pizza, which is just the right amount of spicy. Good beer list with lots of different craft choices.Good pizza, great beer, fun atmosphere? This basically has all the essentials to life. 
Beer: They have +40 draft craft beers that you can have as a flight... so look no further if you like beer, or just like to get drunk. 
Food: The food options basically include pizza, salads and small apps. But  TBH, you have to come here for the zaaaa. They have a coal fired oven, which helps create the perfect burnt, smoky crust. MMmMM. We got the brussel/bacon and Margarita, and the brussel/bacon was probably in my top 5 pizzas ever.  You have to get it.
Atmosphere: Lively, fun, great great great music... loud, a great place to meet after work, pre-game, or go on a tinder date.First time visit. Very good list of Trappist Bottled along with cider and a few micro beers. Had the mussels and a pizza. Both very good. Atmosphere was busy and a little load but fine. We'll be back!Went here just for some drinks and snacks. The Bloody Mary was not good and had to return it. We also ordered some fries and calamari which were OK. Service was also OK considering we were almost the only people there, it was still slow.Lots of open seating, we were seated quickly for a Saturday night. Beer flights are awesome, they have so many choices on draft! We got the mussels in curry sauce, a chartreuse plate and mushroom pizza. The pizza dough was good, but not enough toppings. The mussels were great! The cheese plate could have used more bread; we only got 4 small pieces of crusty baguette for 4 people. Staff was really attentive and nice.Love the atmosphere. Lighting is cool and the open air feel is great. We sat by the front and enjoyed the breeze and people watching. Very industrial inside. Had a few very minor issues worth noting. They had ran out of silverware which was odd. Waitress told us they didn't serve a scotch which we later saw on the shelf behind the bar- she switched them out no problem. Napkins were not served with our meals. These are basic things that management needs to get in order. But good and drinks were great and reasonably priced. Pizza is very good- I suggest cooking longer for a crispier crust though. Burgers were very good but the meat was frozen. Although it was only $12 so no issue there. Toppings were excellent in spite of the average meat and the fried chicken sandwich was excellent.I was totally ready to give this place 1 star but the food was great and so was the cider selection. That said, my husband and I went for their Cider night during beer week. I was so excited to try a bunch of new ciders since it's pretty much all I ever drink. The event started at 6 and we arrived about 10 after. I told the waitress I was there for the cider flights and said I wanted to try them all if I could and she happily said "great" and walked away, therefore expecting lots of cider to come out soon. We didn't see her again until around 6:45 where we finally ordered a cheese plate. I asked how much the flights were and she said she didn't know. By a little after 7 we got our cheese and no chance to order other drinks and friends of ours walked in so we joined tables. By about 7:15 my husband was finally able to get a flight of beer but no sign on my cider. We ordered pizza and finished it with still... no sign on my cider. By about 7:45 I finally got them... but by this time it was down to half of what I originally asked for bc I still didn't know the price. Then... the bill came. Full glasses of cider that night were $5 and single samples were $3. But my 2 flights of 4 were $15 a piece. So clearly math and timely service isn't their forte. After bringing this to the attention of the manager she did adjust the bill which I really appreciated. But between the insane time I waited with no apology or explanation to the major overcharging, it was not my favorite experience. Their food and drink selection is really good but unless they shape up their waitresses and their service, this place won't make it. We saw several tables walk out; probably not wanting to spend the almost 3 hours we did.It's time for me to leave a review on this place. I love Cinder. It'll be my go-to when friends visit me. 
I love the concept, the atmosphere, and most importantly; the food and drinks.
I've been here about three times now, two of those with friends, and one of those by myself because I was really craving their mushroom empanaditas (PLEASE get these, they're amazing!). 
I once had the Cinder fries and split them with a friend and omg- also good! 
I like how every time I'm here, I never recognize any of the drinks because it forces me to expand my cider and sour tastes (they do have cocktails and wine but haven't had those.. yet!)
I once got a rose flavored sour cider from NY and oh man, I'm still thinking about it. My friends have also had really good drinks here. I would recommend sitting at the bar if you're there for just drinks as the bartenders are really helpful so you can find the right beer. 
Just a heads up that on Saturdays, Cinder has a live DJ and you have to be 21 to get in. ''Twas a bummer because I keep raving about the food to my boyfriend and wanted him to come in and he couldn't. Luckily, they have take-out ;)We went here yesterday after the Women's March. They were super packed and the hostess and waitress both warned us food was coming out slower than usual. We appreciated the head's up and were happy to wait. The beer list is extensive and impressive. The food was also upgraded bar food that we all enjoyed. I definitely recommend if you're into good beers and need a tasty snack.This place rocks!! We went for "sour Sunday" had a great time. The ciders are soooooo good. We also had the cheese plate ( chefs choice) poppers, and cheese fries.. service was excellent and the place is sparkling new. One downside was parking, theres a lot next store but be prepared to pay 28 bucks.This place is awesome! The pizza is incredible, and they have an interesting selection of drafts and bottles. 
We ordered the finder fries to start. They were perfectly salty and crispy, and the pepper jack cheese on them was delicious. 
We also ordered the sausage and pepper pizza. I was a little afraid it was going to taste like a cheesesteak pizza, but I was very pleasantly surprised! One pizza is perfect to share between two people.This place was AWESOME! We were downtown for a nice weekend and someone recommended we try here. We are so glad we did!! We had our 8 year old daughter with us and the staff could not have been sweeter to her, even in the midst of a busy Saturday night. Special shout out to Paul, Gavin, Kiera, and Evelyn...you guys addthe BEST!! We all had such a blast...thanks for the excellent service and amazing food. That sausage pizza was delicious:) You must check this place out if you're in the city...cool vibe and atmosphere, great food, and the staff is wonderful. We will definitely be back!Eh. We came here for brunch and weren't super impressed. We were seated right away, but then had to wait a while for a server to appear, though several were gathered around the bar chatting. My boyfriend's meal came out well before my breakfast pizza and was nearly gone before my pizza arrived. My pizza arrived with a raw egg on it, and I had to send it back to be cooked a bit longer. It returned with the whites firmed up a bit, but still a little too runny for my liking. I dealt with it because hanger is a real thing. The food was decent and everyone was friendly, but they could use a bit of practice making sure food gets to the table well prepared and in a timely way.Ambiance is nice (industrial rustic), though dark, and a bit loud/echo-y due to the concrete-poured floors and stark tables and walls. Was seated at a high top: given an option, I request a low top, but there didn't seem to be many to request (I think there might've been some by the open window at the front of the restaurant).
Burger was on the edge of good with slightly burned exterior, giving occasional burned flavor to the experience. Loaded fries were good, though rather blah on their own (i.e., not that crispy, not seasoned).
Service was accommodating, which is probably the only reason I'd return.6 Reasons why you should take a Tinder to Cinder:
1. They have an impressive selection of wine, beer, ciders, and sours. I really liked the mojito and spicy plum ciders, and the sour that has a really long and complicated name. Chicks love ciders and sours.
2. You can sit at the bar (if you're not sure you like this Tinder), a high top table (cus Tinder is all about height), or a regular height table (bc we know you lied about your height and you're just regular sized).
3. If you don't actually want to hear your date, it's pretty loud in here, so you might not have to. 
4. There are some good splittable plates on here so you'll quickly figure out if your date is into sharing (yay!) or has no soul. 
5. There are some interesting foods on the menu so you'll quickly figure out if your date is an adventurous eater (the bone marrow and octopus were both good, and they have lots of mussel options) or if they just want to split a cheese pizza (check please!)
6. The prices are reasonable so if he insists on splitting you'll know he's not as loaded as his suited up profile pics make him look.
Will be back cus their drink list is awesome, but it was a bit crowded/loud by the bar, and it looks like they're getting some of the spillover from Fado and Misconduct, which draws a bro-y crowd.My friends and I had high hopes for Cinder. The fact that they have a sours section excited us, and there are so many enticing items on the menu. 
While we loved the sours, the food left much to be desired. The carrot salad was too salty and the brussels pizza overcooked. I do love crispy bits here and there, but the whole pizza tasted burnt. The pilsner mussels were perfect -- delicate tender mussels in a rich pilsner and butter sauce.
The dishes had the right components; it was just a matter of execution. I will revisit after the kinks have been worked out!I have been waiting for Cinder to open for a while. At first, I heard it was supposed to be a wine bar, but eventually I learned that it is a cider bar and wood oven pizza place. I was a little disappointed by the news but decided to give it a try anyway. 
The ambience was fun, rustic meets modern. Their beer selection was impressive and they don't just have ciders, but also a wide variety of a few different beers. I was glad to see they were all craft. None of the macros like Bud and Miller. 
The food was great too. We tried the small cheese and charcuterie board and the cheeseburger pizza. Both were excellent. They have a few interesting pizza options that I would like to go back to try again. I can't wait to try some of the apps as well. 
They are doing a great job too since the place was packed.I've been following this place for a while but it hadn't been open yet the last few times I was in town. Finally, we were able to check it out a few weeks ago. We stopped by after dinner at Vedge and luckily hit Happy Hour, so our two drinks cost as much as one normally would. The cider list was on point and very impressive, offering a wide variety of local ciders as well as good selections from elsewhere. The staff was friendly and the room was packed. I can't wait to come back and try the food.