There is so much competition in our area. Everyone delivers, everyone has pizza. After trying several places... Ding ding ding! My husband gets pizza and I get the Greek salad (the salad comes with a weird combo of grape leaves from a can, anchovies,  feta cheese, egg, cucumber, tomatoes, onions peppers etc etc even though the menu doesn't list all ingredients) order without anchovies and grape leaves and its SO GREAT. dressing is not gluten free so beware celiacs :-/ husband loves the pizza and swears by it. I would give it four stars but I just love the guys there so FIVE stars.My boyfriend told me told me this was the best pizza in Philly. I don't know if Philly has any great pizza, but my boyfriend told me this was the best. We stopped by the Spring Garden location said it didn't look as good as the other, so we ventured on. 
After all of the hype, I didn't think either pizza I tried actually tasted good. We had a slice of white pizza with spinach and tomatoes while we waited for our veggie pie +chicken. It was absolutely loaded with vegetables. The chicken was fresh sliced grilled. In that sense, I couldn't have been happier. The crust was thin and perfectly cooked, too.  I really do wonder if it was the cheese. 
The customer service in the place is great, too. Really helpful, really friendly, really professional.Great pizza--usually the kind the place where I live orders for events, so I've eaten it many a time, but -1 star for not having much of a seating area.  In lieu of celebrating Pi Day 2010 with pie, I decided to get pizza, so when I arrived at City View, I noticed that all the tables (of the few they had) were full.  I went with the BBQ Chicken pizza (which on this particular day was incredible--the chicken wasn't dry at all!), which luckily for me had just come right out of the oven so it was nice and hot.  Since there was nowhere for me to sit down, I offered to have my slice bagged up so I could take it to go.I wouldn't advise eating this pizza before your prospective job interview or before proposing marriage. It will give you major grease bubble farts for hours on end. I had to eat this stuff whenever I volunteered or worked at Temple. Instead of giving us a real lunch, they reverted back to some sort of middle school psychology technique... "Gee kids like pizza. Pizza is cheap."I'm just going to put this out there for everyone. This is literally my favorite pizza place in the city. I highly suggest it in the strongest possible terms. Delivery is always on time and it's always hot and fresh.I was with a large group of people who together purchased several pizzas, wings, and salads. The pizza was so-so but I'm not a fair judge. I only ate the top portion of the pizza and not the bread because I'm staying away from gluten (some what).
The wings however, were great. They had a dry rub across them with a little hot sauce, resulting in a darn good wing. If in the area with a taste for wings, I'd definitely recommend you check these out.
The salad however left something to be desired and could have been passed on. If not for the convenience we could have grabbed a much better quality salad from (insert any nearby grocery store name here).plaza pizza is better. Fresh Grocer pizza is way better, yea you heard it here first. With college clipper coupon, you get get 2 large fresh grocer pizza's for only $8, you can't beat that deal anywhere. The pizzas are same if not better than city view.Oh how I love City View! All their food is scrumptious, from their pizza to their cheesesteaks. Everything is great quality and fresh. I've never once ordered from there and not been pleased.I've been ordering from CityView since they opened and if you get the pizza you're better off getting the small.  If you get a large pizza you're basically getting a small just stretched out. The large pizza is super thin but if you get a small pizza it's nice and thick.  What they are doing here is using the same amount of dough for the small and the large but charging you more for a large.   Doing this makes the larger pizza extra greasy and when you have toppings extra heavy.  They hardly put any sauce on the large. Point blank the small pizza is the way to go...The food is okay but the service is terrible and the staff is rude. If you want quality food and good service I suggest that you look else where. I waited over an hour for a small pizza and a dessert to be delivered and they didn't even have the nerve to ring the bell or call the phone number given when they finally brought it (or so they claim). Be careful when ordering online because they will try to scam you on your credit card and blame you for using their website.This is really disappointed! Got two different small-sized pizzas, and I found that the crust is pre-made from a grocery store. A very dry taste, and poorly seasoned. There are so many places better than this one, and for the same price.I've only eaten City View Pizza when my or some other department in Temple throws a pizza party.  I suppose they continually order from City View because they are indeed quick to pump out mass quantities of food.  Aside from that, I see no redeeming qualities, notably the pizza and wings.  Pizza is bland, the dough dense.  Sausage comes as textured protein kibble, that should tell you the sort of pizza you're getting into.  Wings are soggy, oily, and worst of all, not hot for hot.
I believe my department could do better by purchasing pizza from one of the trucks on campus.  They could do that, but they won't.  Uncompromisable mediocrity, just like the pizza.City View pizza is one pizza parlor that I would not mind coming back to. One, it is meticulously clean, always a good thing. Two, the pizza is yummy! They have a lunch special that offers a small pizza for only $5. I'm embarrassed to say that it was so good that I ate the entire thing. Another plus, they offer a variety of Evan's cheesecakes and cakes. Definitely stop by if you are ever in the Temple University area.Ordered a cheese pizza and steak and cheese. The pizza was good with no odd aftertaste and not too oily. Even with the snow, delivery was pretty quick.  The cheesesteak had a lot of meat and tastes pretty good.A quick story: my friend works at Temple and I wanted to have a pizza delivered to her office for her birthday.  I called City View and they were so accommodating and pleasant!  I had asked if they could write "Happy Birthday" on the pizza, which they did willingly (with veggies).
Plus, one extra-special treat they came up with all by themselves: the delivery guy sang Happy Birthday to my friend when he delivered the pizza.  How sweet is that?
Bottom line: I love these guys!We bought a slice of pepperoni and a veggy, they heated it and both relish! It hit the spot for our pizza craving. Would definitely go here next time me we visit Temple.Every time I am in Philly I stop by City View, they have THE BEST buffalo chicken pizza.  I haven't found one yet in another city that even compares.  The pizza has grilled chicken that you can see them grill as you look over the registers into the kitchen.  I also extremely enjoy their grilled chicken salad.  Everything seems fresh and portions are large for the price. The only other items Ive had there besides a few pizza varieties and salads are the cheesesteak, I would say they are as good as any you will find in Philly.They're chicken Caesar salad is so good filled with a lot of chicken. the buffalo chicken Pizza is also good. And they  have specials every day of the week but not for Saturday. But Sunday is deals on pizza and every night is busy up till closing. Temple students and police officers and businesses far and near eat at this location. The parking is not good if you park in the wrong spot they will tow your car or give you a ticket. If order a pizza that cost $7and you come back to your car with a ticket on it  for $35. And you say to yourself damn that was an expensive pizza.I love love love City View. I love their pizza, and everything else they sell is delicious too. Their pizza is thicker crust, unlike Maxis pizza (another Temple fav) which is much thinner. I like thicker crust so this pizza is perfect. All the chicken that goes on their pizza is REAL chicken breast that gets cooked and cut up there to put on the pizza... No fake, pre-packaged chicken. Makes a huge difference. I have never had their burgers but I've heard multiple people say they're phenomenal. I had a veggie wrap last week that was stuffed with tomato and cheese and cucumber and olivey goodness. 
As far as service goes, no complaints. My pick-up orders are always ready when they say they'll be ready, and the staff is so friendly. 
Just wish they were open later so I could get a slice after being out all night!The food is good but i wasn't crazy about the service. Overall i give it 4 stars. The small pizza's are really good while the large one's seemed kind of thin.This used to be my favorite place to order. I literally order the same two things and the price alternates all of the time. So one day I asked the cashier why was the price different from last time and his response was "I dont make up the prices in the computer, if you dont want it then dont pay for it"  I asked for a manager and explained what just occurred and he said that sometimes whoever is on the cashier may ring it up differently. Never once did he apologize about how his employee responded and me. This is unacceptable in all aspects. I stopped eating from there for awhile after that. Recently, I ordered a Chicken Caesar wrap for delivery and it came with NO CHICKEN! I dont know what has happened to city view on Cecil b. Moore but the service is at an all time low! I will no longer be supporting this location.The staff is generally pretty friendly. No complaints there. But let's talk about the pizza. Your small is about the same size as a large. Kind of ridiculous actually. I have no idea why the pizza slices are so tiny and are in my opinion too much money for there size. Maybe it because I'm from New York and I just expect more from my pizza. But I honestly don't think there pizza is worth it. In my opinion you're better off ordering pizza from Pizza Hut which is a lot cheaper for almost the same size as their pizza. Ive stopped going to this place when I realized there slices continually get smaller and smaller. Besides the pizza my boyfriend got a salad from there and they literally put the while tomato in the salad which I found hilarious but he didn't think it was too funny. He literally had to cut up his salad because the big chunks of everything they put in there. I've also had their fries which are pretty good as well. Nothing to go crazy over however.I just had the worst buffalo wings from City View Pizza.  Cooked so hard that chicken was inedible.  I called to complain about order but no one answered the telephone.  There prices are too high to be ruining food  orders.  No fork to eat coleslaw.  I gave them 2 stars because delivery time wasn't bad.Not the best pizza place but if your hard up for a slice give it a try or don't.The best thing I can say about this place is that the pizza comes fast and is edible. Other than that, I think the routine ordering of this stuff for events by my school is contributing to an inevitable early death...or maybe it's my eating it that's doing that. Even the alternative, highly uninspired sandwiches from their competitor caterer are preferable.The quality of the food here has seriously gone down in the last 5 years. I think it might have had something to do with the opening of Plaza Pizza (which I actually prefer), idk though. Recently, everytime I've ordered takeout here I've just been disappointed. Last time I think I got chicken fingers and potato skins?? Sounds simple right? NOT! Everything seemed a little burnt. But maybe that's just because it was takeout. However, they're just too expensive for these kind of food fails. I was going to give them 2 stars but I tacked 1 back on because I haven't done it in a while but I still do Love getting a slice from here--the grilled chicken slice--if you actually have the time to go in there is amazing.City view restaurants are consistent throughout the city! I have been to all three locations and the food is always good especially the pizza!This place is obviously very convenient to Temple University. I went in for a cheese steak with peppers. The cheese steak was reasonably good, but you had to look very close to find the peppers. The price was good and the service was fast. My advice is to order your cheese steak without peppers, mushrooms or anything else that is extra and not likely to be included in sufficient quantity.City View doesn't beat Eddie's or Fame's for pizza, but they're the closest thing to a all-in-one pizza place you'll find at Temple. They have steaks, burgers, chicken, gyros, etc and they're all really good. They also deliver late night and, if for nothing more than having a delivery boy risk his life for my nourishment, that gets bonus points. I would go with 5 stars, but their pizza can tend to be dry. Don't be upset owners, just turn the oven up to 575 and cook for like 30 seconds less!Best Pizza place on campus! If your a temple student and haven't eaten here your crazy! We LOVE everything on the menu, especially their barbecue chicken pizza. It's cheap and I've never had a pick up order take more than 15 minutes. I had a cheese steak once and it was good for a pizza place. The chicken sampler platter is huge and my boyfriend loves it!The only place I know where u get a real fresh ground turkey burger. All of their food is great and I tell tthem that all the time. The service is friendly and swift.The food here is pretty reliable, and fairly inexpensive. I order it a lot when working anywhere around North Philly, for delivery. 
Lately I have enjoyed the wraps - they are big and filling. I've had their pizza, chicken cheese steaks, etc. 
Service is fast, friendly, and easy. I don't do much in the way of "pizza shops" ... but these guys are good.Pretty decent for college pizza!
I ordered take-out here and was pretty pleased.  The pies were overwhelmingly large (and not exorbitantly priced given the size).  The "Meat Lovers" pizza was a bit of a mess and the toppings got everywhere, but it tasted pretty great.  The "Buffalo Chicken" pizza had a strange taste - there was a pleasant kick of hot sauce(?) in it, but not consistently, and the cheese dominated the taste.  It was good, just not great.
All the same, for speedy and somewhat cheap delivery, I can't complain too much.The bone-in wings here are AMAZING. And the pizza I've gotten has always been good. I'm writing this review as eating a small plain pizza and it is REALLY good and REALLY cheesy. I always go in so I can't talk about the delivery service, but I've loved all the food I've gotten from here.I absolutely love their bacon burgers I'm giving it four start because it's a hit or miss like any restaurant sometimes well most times the staff is really nice and as for the pizza if you like a sweet tasting sauce with your pizza this is the place I had a cheese steak before which was a bit dry but maybe I should have order some type of oil with it but overall  a very nice placeThe food tastes great and is affordable. 
The staff is friendly.
I just wish they had more healthful options. 
Their online ordering system can be faulty.My go to pizza spot since I live in the area they have great wings and the good pizza I've tried are the cheesesteak pizza, chicken & broccoli on white sauce or just your original plain cheese they're sauce is amazing!! Been ordering from them over 10yrs it's a good spot however lately been getting dry pizza with too much cheese cold on top and I'm seriously wanting to find another place now because the buffalo pizza had hardly no buffalo sauce and didn't look appetizingThis is my favorite place to eat just off of campus at Temple. Food is always on point and you can never go wrong with what they on the menu, which has a lot to order from! And it's all for a fair price too. Staff works hard to keep the business rolling and have never been disappointed eating here.guaranteed fast service along with good quality pizza. Buffalo chicken and bbq chicken pizza are my personal favorites. The white meat chicken toppings used are a meal in of itself. The only downside are the steep prices but its justfied in quality and its one of the only good pizza shops in a couple mile radius... The fact that its in the heart of temple campus assures a fast turn over.City view pizza has really good food, but their customer service skills are horrible. They charge you for everything (condiments) charge a delivery fee & on top still need tip the driver. Won't even give you a free soda on a large delivery unless you spend $60. They never give you all of your dressings that they charge you for, but have the nerve to get an attitude when you call to ask them to credit you for it. THIS IS WHY I GO TO PLAZA PIZZA, 4th street!! GOOD FOOD don't charge delivery fee's, fast service & good customer service. If they forget something, they'll bring it right back.....NO ATTITUDE.Burgers here are the best I taste in the city they are really juicy. The bread is fresh ketchup is not water down everything is just worth the $6.00 for a burgerSteak Pizza, burger and fries with cheese. 
It could have been better but over all the service was great and the people are friendly. The Cheesy fries were yummy. The burger was juicy and big... Toppings on the side. It was swell. 
Recommend for a quick snack or bite to eat. 
Not a restaurant. They don't really have a lot of chairs or seating for dine in customers.By far the Best pizza I have got from this area. Got a plain slice of pizza for only $1.07! So bomb, gonna come here all the time. I love pizza, but I love good pizza more :)The staff are friendly and professiinal and the food is good..love their grilled chicken cesar salads.Their $14 16 inch BBQ chicken ranch pizza is amazing. The wait was long, but it was worth it. The cashiers could work faster but they're busy chatting.City View Pizza is the best pizza I have found in North Philadelphia. By far. My boyfriend and I just moved to Philly from Miami where pizza is sorely lacking, and I was expecting to try some great pies back in the north! But to my dismay, all the other pizza joints around Temple serve cardboard-like crusts topped with sweet sauce and shredded cheese. Not delicious. Then one day, we stumbled upon City View and gave it a try. The narrow little shop is always bustling with people and the cashiers/staff are very friendly! When ordering on the phone they are efficient and never cranky. The order is always right and they save your name so when you call they can say, "Hey Shay! What'll it be tonight?" The pizza varies from night to night and sometimes is a bit skimpy on sauce, but the cheese is delicious and melted perfectly, yummy crust, and the sauce is not too sweet or bitter. Aside from pizza, CVP has great gyros and good greek salads. The fries are lacking though. Mondays are special because a large pizza is 2$ off the regular price. Each day of the week has some kind of discount. I will be a faithful CVP customer for the entirety of my residence in North Philly.CityView is easy, convenient and fast! Located right off the Temple campus it provides students and residence easy access to good and affordable food. Their menu is full but basic with pizza, burgers, sandwiches, wings, fries...etc. 
I only had the beef or the turkey burger and they were both tasty and hefty. The fries weren't very crispy however, and the cold-slaw was meh. The best thing about City-View are their prices and you get a lot with your meal.Ordered two plain and two veggie pizzas from here at the suggestion of a Teacher and glad we did.Good cheesy pizza, handmade burgers, low priced salads (although it is iceberg), and suprisingly *delicious* sauce used for pizza fries and pasta dishes, etc. This location doesn't have room to sit in and eat but their other locations have more room for that.Ok, I am a fair person. Staff is very friendly and polite over the phone, They know how to keep a customer happy. The pizza?............... well........... They say a picture is worth a thousand words so I will let the pics speak for themselves. The reason I will give them 3 stars is because they are so friendly.I would've given them 3 stars bc they're food is ok, but service is a lil sketchy. I ordered a buffalo chicken salad for pick up. When I got home it was the wrong salad. I called and asked them to deliver my order as I was already home. He requested that I return the wrong salad. Not only was I inconvenienced but it was as if I were in the wrong.  I've had mostly good experiences with them in the past (w/ one really bad customer service exception years ago, they've sense gotten rid of that person). This last shot just turned me off, I think I'll leave this place to the kids.I was pleasantly surprised how good this cheesesteak was.  I found a parking spot close by and plenty of seating, Temple is on summer break.  I now have a N Philly go to place.Their double cheeseburgers and buffalo chicken salad is so amazingly good you have to go back for moreExcellent pizza. I just got a slice but it was very good. I will be returning for more. As a consumer I expect to be greeted in a gracious manner with smiling faces. That wasn't the case and that's why they only get 4 stars. They were t rude but I did t feel like they appreciated my business. Treat every consumer as if you want them to come back no matter how large or minute there order is. Even if they come to buy a drink. It's about creating the ultimate customer experience.I ordered the chicken and veggie Stromboli.  It wasn't too cheesy.  It was good and better than the pizza.The pizza is ok but I had the worst chicken cheesesteak of my life. They didn't even melt the cheese. The people at the counter were also incredibly rude!I used to frequent City View when I lived here almost a decade ago and always found their hoagies and wings to be some of the best around.
The sandwich I ordered yesterday did not stray to far from those in the past except I felt the lunch meat was cut entirely too thick. Also, I always found it strange that you have to specify mayo. Their standard is lettuce, tomato and onions. That equals a dry hoagie. Who wants that? And even when you do get the mayo it doesn't cover the whole roll. Hard for me to understand what they have against this condiment.Buckle up...I have a lot to say.  Since March 31, 2020 I spent $681.21 with City View at the Cecil B. Moore Location.  Today I ordered, at 8:00pm online on my laptop.  My daughter uses youtubekids on my phone with guided access, but luckily, my newly installed Ring and my doorbell should alert me to the delivery man's arrival.  That's what one would think.  Well, the delivery man decided to come to my house and never get out of his car.  Instead, he decided to call me 4 times and then the store decided to call me two times.  Nobody rung the doorbell, nobody even came to the door.  If they had done either of those things, the Ring would have alerted my husband.  If the delivery man had rung the doorbell...my dog would have barked...more importantly we would have come to the door to answer it since we were waiting for our pizza to be delivered.  Now...think about how much money I have spent here over the past couple months...I admit it's a ridiculous amount of money.  But when I called them back...they said they would bring it back out for me but they wanted to bring me the COLD pizza back.  I even offered to go half on the pizza if they would just make another one.  The man on the phone was very RUDE...he kept talking over me and telling me we called you, we called you, you didn't answer the door.  Well, somebody has to be at my door for me to answer it, that's usually how that works.  Here's the thing, people are out in the streets protesting for Black Lives Matter.  Many organizations are proclaiming to support the Black community and do their part because they recognize that non-White people are fed up with systemic racism.  Well, I find the easiest thing for all of us non-White people to do is stop patronizing organizations that tolerate racism, discrimination, and hate.  That's why all these companies are coming out with their statements.  Listen...I digress...back to this deplorable organization.  Here are my questions to City Ciew at Cecil B. Moore: If I was white in a white neighborhood and experienced what I explained above, would you have went half with me on the pizza?  If I was white in a white neighborhood, would your delivery man have gotten out of the car?  If I was white in a white neighborhood, would the man over the phone speak to me like that?  Shame on you...needless to say, I'm not ordering from you anymore.Miss this place. Used to order almost every Friday at work. Literally everything is good. I recommend the quesadillas, fettuccine Alfredo with broccoli, burgers, and any appetizers. Pizza is decent too.I go to City View on occasion because it's close to my house and pretty cheap. However, I've had some instances where the usually friendly staff has overstepped their bounds and insulted me. I once ordered curly fries from them on the phone and went to pick it up and the man who rang me up said "You called on the phone just to order curly fries?" with an attitude---yes, I did call on the phone to order my fries because I'm busy and wanted to make sure they would be ready for pickup so I didn't have to sit around waiting for them in the store. I had another worker make fun of my ID picture too, which was rude. Perks are that the food is decent and the prices are great, plus they take Diamond Dollars. Cons: the staff sometimes makes rude comments, the last two times I've gotten pizza from there it was only luke-warm, the pizza crust sucks, and the waiting area for to-go orders is the same as the area for ordering so it gets crowded.I'm often at work, forgetting my lunch in the fridge trying to explore options nearby. While I've been met with disappointment on a few occasions, CityView has been a saving grace. I wish I took pictures of all of my meals from here over my time in this new location, but I haven't. I appreciate them, the excellent service I always receive, and quality food.BEWARE. The dough of my pizza was undercooked. Please check your pizza before leaving the store.City View is one of the places around where I work. There's not many options around here, so it's pretty disappointing that it's not better.
I recently ordered pick up and got a mushroom chicken cheese steak with a side of curly fries. They forgot the mushrooms on the sandwich, which completely defeats the purpose of what I ordered. The sandwich itself was just okay. There were some tough pieces of chicken meat that I couldn't chew and that was pretty disgusting. I asked for a side of buffalo sauce and that helped the flavor on the sandwich a lot. 
The curly fries were literally slathered in ketchup, which made them soggy and gross. I did not ask for this.. I actually very strongly dislike ketchup (yes, weird but what can I say?). Needless to say, I didn't eat any of the fries. I'm not sure what kind of place just puts condiments on French fries without this being noted on the menu. They also sent like 20 packets of ketchup, which is obviously unnecessary since the fries were already DOUSED in ketchup. Ugh.
Won't be ordering from here again.UNSLICED delivered $20 pizza 
This came delivered UNSLICED and the manager asked if we had anything that WE could but it with and had the audacity to tell us it'd be another 40 minute wait and wanted the unsliced one back 
REALLY???!!!?! 
Don't trust this establishment and wouldn't recommend them. Are they going to resell it?
Poor customer service!I got a Buffalo chicken cheesesteak and it was trash. The cheese wasn't melted and it seemed like the just microwave the chicken. The only reason I didn't send it back is because I did a pick up order and I was to hungry  to send it back. It's like how to you mess up a chicken cheesesteak... do better.I posted a picture of the cheese fries I recently got from here, and I'm unsure why I keep coming back. But this is the LAST TIME! Please do yourself a favor and make your way over to Philly Style.Fantastic food here!!!! Friendly staff and take-out is super quick and efficient! ! Convenient location close to the Cecil B Moore station. I love this place!Today September 6, I ordered 2 jumbo shrimp platters from city view  Pizza and grill. I have never received such garbage in my life. The fries were completely soggy. The shrimp was burned when I say burnt I'm talking about the shrimps were black. The cole slaw was warm. Coleslaw has mayonaise which should be kept cold at all times.  We called the store and spoke to Brian. He claimed he was in charge. But would no let me speak with the store manager. He stated the reason for such poor service is because it's because they were busy and backed up. In my mind I was thinking pretty soon with that kind of service they won't be backed up and they won't be busy for much longer. Just letting you guys know out there that if you ordered from this restaurant you would be rolling the dice. As for me that will be the last time that I order from city view pizza&grill