We had a dinner reservation elsewhere but stopped by to check out the new place and have a couple glasses. Very nice inside and friendly, attentive service from the bar staff. Wines were very good but they come with sticker shock. I'm used to paying center city prices but $13 for the least expensive red seems pretty high even by that standard. The food prices looked reasonable enough. We would have liked to have stayed longer but, with tax and tip, paying north of 30 bucks per round was a tad much. So one and done for us. Maybe we'll come back for happy hour.I've eaten here three times since I work nearby and I want to keep giving it the benefit of the doubt but each time I have been disappointed by the food. The first time I got the impossible burger and it was somehow dry and bland. The second time I got the CW Burger medium rare. Seeing as this is their signature burger I thought I was safe. Unfortunately it was the most well done burger I've ever had. Not one to complain I just ate it and left. The third time I went for brunch. I got a bloody Mary and some scrapple. Seeing as I was disappointed the last two times I didn't want to order a big meal just to be disappointed again. Well this visit was the final straw...the Bloody Mary they make with Yards pale ale which I thought was interesting but a nice nod to local flavors. The worst Bloody Mary I've ever had. Those flavors do not mix well and the drink was not seasoned right at all. I had to ask my server for pepper and hot sauce to make it at least drinkable. And then the scrapple came. I love scrapple and get it everywhere that serves it but I took one bite of the mushy meat cube they tried to pass as scrapple and almost vomited. The consistency was all wrong, the flavor was rancid, and I couldn't take anymore disappointment so I left and got brunch elsewhere. They would be better off leaving scrapple to the professionals or just buying Habbersett and trying to pass it as their own. Needless to say if I go back it will only be for wine and music which is a shame because the restaurant is beautiful and the servers were all so friendly and it's nice that area is starting to get rebuilt. Hopefully they clean up their act and fix the kinks because I would love for it to be successful.Stopped by on a Sunday around 1:00, greeted by a very hospitable host. Unfortunately that's where the hospitality ended. Sat at the bar for nearly 10 without two words or any eye contact from one of two bartenders. Not even a "hi I'll be right with you." Bar wasn't packed, I'd get that situation. Beyond that, a very limited- breakfast forward brunch menu. Nice atmosphere, nice wine flight pricing. Ends there, unlikely to return.The location in Chicago is 100 times better. Our food took a very long time. The waiter was nice.  I asked a runner for steak sauce for steak and ketchup for my fries. By the time she came back with my ketchup my fries were gone and she didn't bring my steak sauce. I loved city winery in Chicago. But this one isn't up to par.I'm giving it two stars now, but it has potential later. I was very underwhelmed. We came on opening weekend after hyping up the open on Fox29. We were so excited to be in the fashion district and try this new place. The menu was somewhat small and the wine menu was decent. The waitress had not tasted 1/2 of the food and she should have for input. Everything was under seasoned and bland. 
My dad initially ordered a food item and they were out of it. It was only 1 o'clock. 
Next, at a winery and we're expecting various wines, there was no Chardonnay. No Chardonnay at a winery? They didn't get it in yet. I then ordered a rosè, the alcohol content was minimal. Myself and another person had a full glass of wine and felt nothing. I believe their make their own wines, but not 100% sure. I ordered a Yards Pale Ale after and the waitress said their taps weren't set up yet. I ordered a beer in a can and she insisted on using a chilled glass. The waitress gave me a chilled small water glass that didn't even fit the entire beer. You're joking right?? Food took way too long to come out and 3/4 of the people in the restaurant were staff. Way over priced for a meal like this one. 
All I'm saying is if you're advertising opening weekend or opening at all, make sure you have all the things present on your menu.
1. Out of food items
2. No Chardonnay at the winery
3. Taps are not installed 
4. Chilled glass was a water glass
They can do better, it's a great location, but all I'm saying is don't advertise opening weekend and don't have half of your product in yet.Upstairs: great. Downstairs: terrible.
Friday night upstairs we had a great bartender, excellent cocktails, and a good meat and cheese board.
When we came back for a show on Saturday, everything was like the other reviews say. Four people were jammed into tables meant for two. It took 45 minutes to get a glass of wine and there were no cocktails. It took an hour to get our food for dinner and it would have been better if it had never arrived at all. It was horrible--a tasteless poke bowl and a mushroom flatbread that was just a large under baked bread with a small pile of mostly lettuce and onion in the middle. Then it took TWO hours to get our plates cleared. When we flagged down our waiter after the first hour, he said he couldn't clear our dishes because he was busy serving drinks. The music was great but this place had better get its act together. Train the staff, improve the food and don't squish strangers together at tables too small to put down four plates.Went to see Dewele in Concert and was disappointed on several fronts . First , the "Winery " was out of Cabernet Sauvignon, and Riesling wine ! Second , food was   mediocre , and utensils appeared to be dirty . Third and most important the sound system in the concert room was horrible ! As a new venue I expected state of the art quality  sound , yet the sound of both the band and the vocals ere  muffled and unbalanced . 
Spoke to management about the sound , and I'd need to know that there is some improvement before going back !I love the venue and the ambiance. I have been to five shows already as well as dining in the restaurant. The food is just okay to not good. I don't mind paying the costly price, but the food needs to be good. I will go for the music but save my appetite for somewhere else.Eat B4 u get here!!! Eric Roberson....concert and venue incredible!!! The Food was horrible. Waited over 45mns and my burger/fries were cold.... Eat B4 u get here!
Eat B4 u get here! Eat B4 u get here!Just spent the evening at a show at the City Winery.  The space is amazing but I've given it only 3 stars for the following reasons.  The chairs in the concert venue are only 2 inches apart at best and the tables are way too small for dinner.  There's no way you could get two entree dishes on your side of this super small table and the chairs are only 2 inches apart.  The act tonight was Justin Townes Earle.  HE WAS HORRIBLE!!   While his music was pretty good he was so antagonistic with the crowd and spewed extremely vulgar language with every lother sentence.  At one point he walked off the stage because he was so outdone that someone in the crowd said something back to him. I found that to be totally unprofessional so we left early.  If you see him on the schedule don't waste your time.Stopped in because I saw this place was new and definitely glad I did! They just opened so everything was very nice and new. They had wine flights for $20. The service was great. We sat at the bar and my bartender was very friendly and bubbly. She told us that they will be having concerts there and they even offer tours. I will definitely be returning. The menu looked great and the atmosphere was nice as well.We were in the audience for their opening night show, staring Emmylou Harris. The staff was excellent and unobtrusive and obviously very well trained. We ordered wine as well as the antipasto egg rolls ($13) and seafood diablo ($26) and both were excellent. The acoustics were great and of course, Emmylou was fabulous. It was a sold out show.
There were three downsides, and thus the four stars instead of five. It was at least 5 degrees too warm in the room. Perhaps the air conditioning wasn't yet operational? The chairs were hard metal and really needed padding when you are sitting for three hours (6:30 for dinner and an eight  to 9:30PM PM show). The last downside was the worst. The tables were too crowded and too close together. The tables are 36" square and there are four seats for each table and that is just way too tight. How are four people supposed to juggle bottles of wine and water, and glasses for wine and water, and four plates of food on a tiny table meant for two people? Apparently, this is the way all the City Winery's seatings are arranged  because I looked at some reviews of this establishment in other cities, and there were several complaints about the crowded tables. The managers need to make these tables for two people and not four people, but that would cut the profits, so it probably won't happen. 
We live a ten minute walk from this venue and we are thrilled to have such amazing musical entertainment so close to us. We would come here very frequently if it weren't for the uncomfortable chairs and the ridiculously small tables that are supposed to seat four people. So, we  will be back, just not as often as we would if it were more comfortable.Fair reviews so far on yelp. TL;DR 
Pros: love the smell of oak that invites you in. 
It's probably a great concert venue. However came on a Friday night with a friend and were forgotten for a while as no servers were assigned to us. This would have been fine but the food did not make up for it. The "roasted" beets were not caramelized/roasted - could have made these at home with microwaved my pre-peeled beets. The duck tacos had no flavor. Mushrooms were soaked in red wine but otherwise flavorless: any seasoning would have been a plus. The Brussels sprouts were a little taster, slightly burnt but mostly covered with oil. This visit did not inspire me for a return.Okayyyyyy 
Came here Friday night 1-10 and got the worlds worst service and worst bartender Becca bad food ignored completely the barback served my drinks and got me water and utensils my food was cold told me sorry no microwave I said but it's cold they threw it on the grill over cooked it and gave it back (seriously) I don't know what's going on I want to like this place management needs to intervene they saw I was unhappy and did nonthing this place won't last if this continuesThe venue is attractive but the seating for concerts is extremely cramped. There are four seats to a two seater table. The wines are mediocre at best and the food is subpar.
Avery Sunshine was amazing. My suggestion is have dinner and dessert somewhere else. During the show have a glass of wine and chill.Total amateur hour! Terrible food, terrible wine (which they didn't even make, despite what they want you to believe), and rude staff (seemed to be a manager behind the bar). For something with "winery" in the title, they don't seem to know much about wine and are pouring garbage by the glass. There are better glasses to be had elsewhere. Now back to Vintage or Bloomsday for me!Let me start with "I understand". So the venue looks beautiful the location is good but the view of the bus station is not quite what I want when drinking wine. My experience with service was not the best considering that the place was more than half empty on a Saturday afternoon but our waitress was very polite. That being said the food took almost an our to get to us and we just ordered salad and the cheese steak. Now the wine... yeah but no thank you. For this to hold "winery" in the name I was expecting to be amazed by the selection of wine or even the taste but it fell short. I almost feel like they opened up some Sutter Homes bottles and charged me up. I will think this place will be a great place to enjoy in the time to come if the servers are knowledgeable about the wine that they serve and the food although was good comes out at a better pace. I was hoping for a better experience but I understand.Stopped in when this place first opened and was excited to see they offer wine flights. Fast forward to this past Friday I went for dinner and was very disappointed. I ordered a burger to be cooked medium well, but it was very dry and over cooked. The service was very slow. I wanted a glass of Sauvignon Blanc, but was told that they ran out. I was also a little disappointed at the lack of wine options seeing as though this is a winery. When our bill came there were 2 errors so I brought them to the server's attention. She was pleasant and went to correct the bill. She came back and I realized I was still being overcharged so I had to send the bill back yet again. Not a great experience, but the venue was nice.Was super excited to try out the new Philly location! Atmosphere is cozy and chic, great artists performing, but....terrible service. My party and I waited over 30 min after ordering for our Happy Hour drinks, and another 10 for the food (only to be informed they were out of one of the items) PS--it wasn't crowded. Then we went downstairs to the venue for our show and again waited a ridiculously long time for food and drink with no apology from our server. Service was so bad that one friend in my party of 4, just didn't get her beer at all. Wouldn't the server have found it strange to bring 3 drinks to a 4 top? My friend politely said, "oh, I ordered a beer too" and the server said "uh huh", walked away and NEVER brought it. My friend finally went to the bar to get a cocktail and they gave her a hard time because we were at a table and should have our server bring drinks. Well, we tried that! Another friend was disappointed in her wine selection, but the server was seemingly gone for good so she was stuck with a $15 glass of wine that she didn't enjoy. The venue touts itself as for vinophiles, so would be nice to have servers with a knowledge of what they pour who take the time to make sure the customer is enjoying. My friend got a different wine at the bar, but was still charged for the one she didn't drink/enjoy. A classy place definitely would have comped that and helped pick a replacement. 
I am hoping these are just growing pains and that CW figures it out, but for now...eat and drink elsewhere and just come for the shows.Review is for food only, no music performance while we were there. Completely underwhelming entrees. Both the steak frites and the shrimp and grits lacked flavor. Steak was a puny thin cut, not worth the over $30 price. 5 small shrimp in the blah sauce. Service was ok, with a very friendly and helpful waitress at first who couldn't be found for 10 mins after we finished. Also out entrees were brought out while we were still eating our appetizer. The one  shining star of the meal was the poke appetizer, which is huge in size and comes with tons of veggies in a tasty sauce. If you end up here for a music night suggest sticking to apps and small plates.Worst. Dining. Experience. EVER!
If I could give negative stars, I would.
Came here before a concert and ate upstairs. Concert was at 8 pm, so arrive around 7:00 pm. Had about 10 mim. wait for a table. Things went downhill from there. It took the waiter a good 5 mins. just to come to the table. We knew we had to make a show (and even told the waiter) so we ordered four sharable plates - a cheese plate, hummus, duck tacos and mussels - when the waiter finally did come by, figuring we could do dinner inside 40 minutes and be downstairs. Particularly when we figured the hummus and cheese plate were easy ones to come out fast. Boy were we wrong. We waited, and waited and waited...the waiter swung by at 7:30 to tell they the food would be out shortly (I'd like to know how he defines shortly). By 7:45 we still hadn't received a single item, so we flagged down a manager to ask about our food. He said he'd check on it downstairs...then disappeared. He never came back until the very end after we had paid. The food finally arrived about 7:50. First out...the cheese plate and hummus. What the hey-hey? It took over 30 minutes to pull together a cheese plate that looked like it came from ACME and a bowl of very bland hummus? No sooner had those come out when the duck tacos and mussels arrived. The mussels were all dried up and looked like they had been sitting under a heat lamp. Not to mention they were stone cold. The duck tacos were okay. Needless to say, we arrived downstairs at 8:10 pm for our concert, which was already underway. During this ordeal we asked to speak to a manager, but one never came by until someone came by to bus a few dishes and I asked if she was the manager. We told her our issues, but she seemed indifferent. Said she would comp the duck tacos and mussels. Her comment was you can always eat downstairs in the venue. That I won't do because 1) the tables are really small and 2) I don't like eating in front of someone who is pouring their heart out performing in front of me. I'm just funny that way. While we were waiting for the check to come back, we noticed the table next to us was experiencing piss-poor service too. On top of it all, we ordered a "carafe" of house wine and it was way overpriced for the quality of wine you receive. On the bright side, the venue downstairs was nice and the concert was great.Stopped in for a quick glass of wine before heading to dinner. Overall, I felt very vanilla about our visit. There wasn't anything wrong, but there was nothing stand out either. Being that the location is newer, I will return to give it another try! 
The wine is fine. Not great, but okay/good. I appreciated being able to order a flight to try a few options. I was a little disappointed that there is only one flight. 
We didn't order food. We looked at the food ordered by patrons around us. It all looked good, but portions seemed a little on the small side.
I am hopeful that City Winery will be able to pull it together before our next visit!I was part of a large group that chose this place for a business outing. After searching YELP I was hoping that the 2.5 star rating would not live up to the night. However to say it disappointed would be an understatement. We started off with some appetizers Charcuterie plate, Egg Rolls, Burrata and the Got Cheese Frites. The charcuterie seemed to be straight from hormel, Egg rolls where almost like a ham and cheese hot pocket, Burrata was good and the Goat Cheese fritter was good just not great. 
Here is when it went way down. The server was attentive but soon got overworked and wanted to keep the table as I knew why. The place was dead. Out of the 12 or so wine options I think they were out of 5. Including Pinot Grigio and a Pinot Noir. Thinking strategically I made the switch to bourbon. 
To say I could've crushed my own grapes waiting on my drinks should let you know how slow the service was. After my watered down Bourbon on the rocks arrived we had enough. The other table got their food about the time I became 85 and looking around I knew that everyone was just wanting the dinner to end.What? How is this place rated 2.5 stars ?! Me, my friend, and my pup came here yesterday. We absolutely love it. We didn't order any food but we ordered wine and cocktail. The services were excellent and the vibe here is just what we were looking for. Our server Sasha was so sweet and attentive, the guy that checked our temperature and sat us down also was so helpful and friendly. He even brought my pup some water. We love their rose. The peach and mint cocktail was ok, we wish the mint is stronger. However, I'm giving it a five star because of how great the service was. We will definitely come back again. I also want to try their wine in the beaker.We went here to see Will Duvall.  He was amazing! The venue is very intimate and the seating is tight. The tables are very small, not big eneough for 4 people to eat on. I almost feel they should have one long table instead of all the small tables. The food was not very good. I would give it 2 stars tops. We had the butternut squash soup, brussel sprouts and burgers.  I would go back to this venue again but would eat elsewhere.  Maybe the food will improve? I hope so. I give the performance/venue 5 stars.I have mixed feelings about reviews at a new place. I feel like early reviews should have an expiration date. I am giving this place 3 stars for now but I will be back and reassess.
Went to see the great crooner John Waite. Here's my take on the place. Beautiful venue. A great place to bring a date. You pick your exact seats when you buy the tickets, and the Waite show was poorly-promoted, so I picked two prime center seats. Just perfect (although an ever-so-slight rise in the floor - if not illegal or dangerous - would help those in the back).
Lots of sound problems - but it's a new venue.
We did *not* eat here, as the early Yelp reviews of the DC branch said it was disastrously slow. Also the prices are a bit aggressive, and the menu is not my cup of tea. My friend liked her wine. (I was not drinking.)
One annoying drunk guy screamed at Waite often - the venue will need a policy on how much one guest gets to bother all the other guests. One really muscle-bound guy on staff would help.
Incredibly close to an exit from the Septa rail Jefferson Station, so we almost took the train - but the trains back to the 'burbs were not at good times, not knowing how long the show would last. But even better, the Autopark at Gallery Mall was directly across the street, very reasonably priced (I think it was $12), and seemed safe. It was so great we will drive next time as well.
I hope the menu improves and alleged service issues get organized. If I lived in Philly I'd probably go back in a few weeks just to hear Sinead sing Nothing Compares to You in that awesome venue. But I won't eat there just yet.
If you like live music, get on this place's email list. The place has great promise. (But I pity the poor soul who has to dust the bazillion bottles along the staircase!)Sucks. Majorly. At least the food and beverage (and service) parts. Soulless and sub-average. Stay away. You've been warned. Feels like a place that's crafted as a tourist trap or as if they don't even expect you to ever come back. Some decent shows on the docket however. So good for that I'm sure.Went here for a show. The show was great, Avery Sunshine, and there is not a bad seat in the place.  Welllll, not as far as view of the performer. What I don't like about the seating is that the distance between tables leaves very little elbow room. Also, although you are sitting at a table, seats are sold theater style and you could end up having dinner with strangers in very close proximity. It was not a problem with me this time because the people that I sat with were cool and we had good conversation. The food left a lot to be desired. The waitress was not friendly or accommodating. When I ordered my CHEESEburger she never asked me if I wanted cheese and brought me a dry burger. She didn't tell me about the drink specials, or provide any recommendations. That is darn near a necessity when it's a new place in a new city and you want people to become regulars at your restaurant/Venue. Overall I like the place and will go back for another show.Okay I'm changing my review I decided to give them another chance and boy am I happy that I did. My bartender Ruby was the best she made my experience awesome and was professional patient and fun.I think they had to get the kinks out Thanks Ruby I'm so happy I decided to visit again
Finally HappyOne star is too much!
I took my parents to see John Sebastian of the Lovin Spoonful (11/9). We were so excited to experience such an icon. 
We left extremely disappointed in the service and especially the food. I am not sure where to begin. 
We arrived around 6:30 to eat prior to show. We waited over 30 min at our table to even get a waiter to us. Seriously, we asked multiple staff who our waiter was for 20 minutes. Each one insisted, I am not sure, and would leave.....
FINALLY, Kieran arrived. We ordered wine and appetizers. 
30 minutes later, the order arrived. No joke. It is now 7:25, the soup came out cold (cream of asparagus), when my father asked the waiter if the soup should be cold his response was "I am not sure, I never had it". FAIL
We also ordered mussels which were also cold & abismal. Literally, they tasted like they were just brought out of the Delaware. It is now 7:45 and the show was set to start at 8ish. We needed to eat.
Everyone at the table was completely put off. 
We were not sure to order dinner however, we were starving as 2 out of 3 appetizers were sent back.
After ordering a pizza, I mean who can fuck that up, 30 minutes later that came out which was also lackluster. 
Had it not been for John Sebastian, and his music, this place would be closed. 
Get your act together City winery. This was bush league!
Be sure to eat and drink prior to show as it is not worth it.First time at city winery and wasn't very impressed. Very slow service. Food took over an hour and came out cold and well done from sitting under a lamp. Even a refill on coffee took over 30 mins. Avocado toast came out with brown avocado and hard bread. Wouldn't recommend.Okay let's start with how beautiful this place is. Right near the new mall Fashion District. It's so well designed and they really put a lot of love into it. You can obviously tell. Super spacious and plenty of seating. Everyone and I mean everyone there is super friendly. From the hostess to the servers, bartenders and I assume a woman who was super helpful but did not wear the same attire as the others was a manager. 
There's two music venues in the restaurant. One downstairs and one on the main floor so you can have two separate concerts going on without disturbing the other. We chose the one on the main floor and saw the Vindy's. They're a talented band from Ohio. We had a good time. Great time. 
Okay... so unfortunately the food was not great. We ordered mussels, fries, Mac and cheese, mushroom, brussel sprouts, pretzels and eggrolls.
Fries- I truly felt like they were old fries that were sitting around for a bit. Honestly worst fries I've ever ordered. 
Mussels- they weren't terrible but they sure did lack in flavor. I requested no bacon in it but there sure was bacon in the broth. Maybe that was a simple mistake. 
MacNCheese- lacked flavor. 
Brussel sprouts- I'm not exactly sure what they were doing for but the feta on top didn't help. 
Pretzels- they were pretzels.. they were fine. 
Eggrolls- super salty.. wasn't edible.
Mushrooms- I didn't try it but my friend didn't rave about it.
The best item we ordered was the bottle of Moscato. Delish. 
Here's the thing.. I RARELY ever add salt to any of my dishes when I eat out... but I used a whole lot of salt during dinner here. If the food was better or even average this place would be amazing. Seriously. It's beautiful. 
Maybe after they work out their kinks I'll head back over. It's worth another try.I went to a concert at City Winery, and I'm happy to report this is a welcome new addition to the collection of concert venues in Philly. It's a restaurant concert venue, so the food is just as important as the concert. I sat on the 2nd level, which provides perfect sight-lines for the performance, since its elevated over the other tables. Service is very friendly, but they may not have enough servers because as more people come in service becomes very slow. I was there at least 45 minutes before showtime to make sure I ate before the show started and  I still didn't get to order everything I wanted to order. My girlfriend and I decided to order shareable plates. We ended up sharing the eggrolls, BBQ chicken wings, and pretzel bites. The eggrolls were the standout star, perfectly fried and filled with cheese and pepperoni and other meats. I'll probably order that any time I'm there. The wings were very tasty as well, but a couple of them didn't have as much meat as I would have liked. The pretzel bites were delicious, but left me wanting more of them. And the dipping sauces weren't the best. A cheese sauce would have worked better. I only got in one drink order, which was a rum & coke. It came back very heavy on the rum.
The concert itself started on time, which was very much welcome. Most concerts start late. A lot of people came in late. All the late comers had to get settled and place orders, which was a big distraction,  but I can't blame City Winery for people who can't properly plan ahead for dinner and a show like 80% of us did. The sound quality of the show was excellent and it was a full 90 minute performance. 
City Winery is an excellent choice for dinner and a show. With minor improvements in food and service this would be a 5 star venue.Really cool space! We decided to hop in here during a rain storm to grab a drink. The space itself is very modern and we noticed they have quite a few shows there which was pretty cool. On my way to the bathroom I also found that there is a truly impressive wine bottle wall that I couldn't help but stop to take a picture of!
The wine itself I felt was overpriced for the quality of it, but I expected that due to its location. The bartender with orange hair was friendly and knowledgeable and was helpful with answering any questions we had regarding the establishment. 
We ended up not getting food here and hopped over to a brewery down the street to continue to hide from the rain. I would recommend checking out as it is a unique concept to find in a downtown city.Had the Old fashion yesterday and I loved it! Not sure why this place got bad reviews. Located inside the Mall and is a great place to get started before shopping you hearts out!Bland and uninspired food, untidy bathrooms, and mixed up our checks.
Came on a Saturday night at 9pm.  They ran out of several wines by the glass, which really means they didn't want to open another bottle and several menu items.  What we ended up getting was bland and uninspired.  We just had a few appetizers and sides but stay away from the risotto balls and the cheese and shells both of which lacked flavor.  
The atmosphere is nice and on a Saturday night you can hear each other during conversation since the dining room was not too busy.  And after tasting the food i was not surprised why.  The bathrooms were a mess with a loose toilet seat in one and no soap in another.  On top of all that, they messed up while splitting our check.  The only saving grace is their wine flight, which, for $20 you get 4 pretty descent pours and the brussels sprouts were pretty good.
This is by far the worst dinning experience I've had in the city.  I can't speak to their concert venue as I've never been but on dining alone this gets the hardest of passes.Just got home from dinner and the first live performance at City Winery. Emmylou Harris was a sold out show, and this was a wonderful venue to listen to an artist I have been following since 1978. The music venue is why I gave 4 stars. The sound was awesome, and the tables were placed in a way that no seat was a bad seat. However, the room was really full and got hot as hell. We watched Emmylou's usually perfectly coiffed hair become bigger and frizzier as time passed. Still, she persisted, performed well and was venerated by her audience.
The tables are narrow, but we were all cooperative arranging our glasses and plates. Our table mates had to shim one leg of the wobbly table to prevent wine glasses from suddenly tipping. The back of my daughter's chair had a corner of the veneer missing.
The food was just okay. The goat cheese risotto balls were okay and we won't order them again. The house pinot noir was good. The cabernet was a proper cabernet. My daughter's hamburger was generous and tasty. I know this because she's 12, and even though the burger was the size of her head, she ate the whole thing. The fries were okay...kind of mushy.  The duck tacos sounded excellent, but were disappointing. The duck came in a ramekin with a side of veggies, soft tortillas wrapped in foil, and a green chile sauce. You have to build your own taco, which was fine, but the tortillas were a bit soggy, allowing the raw veggies to poke through. The duck was good, especially with the chile sauce, but the combination of everything felt wrong. It was also too expensive considering the wee bit of duck. 
The service was really pleasant but slow. We waited about 20 minutes for drinks, 45 minutes for our food, and the waitress needed to be reminded half an hour later after asking for a Coke refill. I suspect that this will improve as they fine-tune their processes, and the staff is cut some slack since this was the first live show they were working. Everyone was cheerful and pleasant and worked very hard to make out experience a good one.
We'll be back because it's a great music venue, but I hope they resolve the HVAC issue. We had to step out into the vestibule a couple of times where it was easily 15 degrees cooler.I'm giving two stars because we enjoyed the show, we should have looked at the reviews before we went regarding the food! We ordered the burrata, chicken wings, duck tacos, and a hamburger -  never again! We will always eat before going to a show. The duck tacos tasted like the refrigerator, the burger and wings were both overcooked, so much so that the burger was a hockey puck.We went the other night to see Breakwater and the show was outstanding. The venue itself is really nice but, the service was very slow and like many of the other reviews indicate, the tables are simply too cluttered. Between the 2 water glasses, the bottled water and the bottle that is on each table that is used to alert the wait staff that you need service, it's simply to crowded. Once our food came there was no room on the table for our plates. We had to ask the waiter to remove some of the glasses in order to provide room for our dinner which is something he should have realized. Once our food arrived we realized we were never given any silverware or napkins and had to request them and had to wait for them while our food got cold. It's a great looking venue and great to have in center city.  In order to meet it's potential the service from the wait staff must improve.No stars here. Last night experience was very disappointing. Waited 20 minutes for a drink when the bar was less than ten feet. Lost a customer. To post my review I had to use a star.I really wanted to like this place. My husband and I frequently go out to see live music and try new restaurants. Seemed like it would be the perfect venue for us.  
The Music - Opening band was decent and sound quality was good.  The instruments for the Flamin' Groovies (headliner) sounded good but audience could not hear any vocals. Someone in audience mentioned between songs that we could not hear vocals. There was no response. There was no apparent effort by soundboard to correct. Several songs later, someone mentioned again we couldn't hear any vocals. The lead singer reacted by saying - "Welcome to today's America. These monitors are cheap. Next time we'll have to bring our own." Hmm. Thankful we bought cheap tickets because I would have been pissed had I paid full price. 
Food and Drink - We got there 20 minutes before showtime. Plenty of staff around. Attempted to make eye contact with someone to place order. No one came over until afted the opening act started.  Rose was eh - not good for a place with winery in its name. Mushroom flatbread was eh - not much flavor and barely a couple of mushrooms.  Brussels sprouts were decent.  Overall, too much $$$ for quality of what we got. 
Will I go back?  Not sure. Depends who artist is. I'd be hesitant to pay a lot for a ticket given lack of concern about sound issues. If I do, will skip the food and drink.I love attending shows at City Winery in Boston. This location looks just as nice, just a little bigger. And the show was very enjoyable, though the artist did keep having trouble with her microphone. 
The bathrooms are on the main level and the stage is on the lower level.  I had heels on and wasn't trying to climb those stairs to pee so I just held it until the show was over. 
The service was very... very slow and the food is horrible, just like the Boston location. I'm going to go out on a limb and say the food is horrible at all locations. Just throw the whole menu, the cooks and the kitchen away and start over!OMG! Where do I start first? Well I guess I'll start with the positive....the restaurant is beautifully structured. But can you really sustain a business just because the restaurant has amazing ambiance but crappy service, I think NOT!!!The service was slow, I waited OVER 25 minutes for a drink, one drink and when it finally came the ice was already melting, which watered down the contents of the drink. Then I waited almost an hour for my order of Cajun wings (no sides, just wings). When my order of wings finally came out and I began eating them I was extremely underwhelmed. I was very perplexed because it wasn't even crowded inside the restaurant. Finally, I asked to speak to the manager (second time she was called to the table). It took 15 minutes for Kimberly the manager to come over. I asked her if she'd seen the reviews on Yelp about the establishment, she nodded "yes", why did I ask her that? Well, because the existing posted complaints were consistent with the crappy experience our party of 9 felt. I told her I ordered a drink, which took 25 minutes to receive and chicken wings that took almost an hour to receive and her response was " I'll remove the chicken wings if you don't want to pay for them", huh? I wish I could give this review a 1/2 star. It's a shame our experience was so horrible considering it was my GF's 49th birthday celebration and all 9 of our first and last time. Whoever does media PR for this place, should be FIRED!I understand that they just opened but I've given them 3 try's The food is terrible the service at the bar even worse.I recommend those waiting for the train who want a drink and a quick bite continue to go to the field house where the service is always great .Im usually not one to give bad reviews but they deserved itIt's a fun local place with decent wine and good food. And a amazing music venue. Check out the schedule for the music. It ain't cheap but you know what, good music isn't cheap.  Great service both at the bar and at the host stand.Nothing to write home about. Service was great and food was decent. I had the duck tacos and was under the impression they'd be pre-made. The duck came in a ramekin and there were corn tortillas wrapped in foil underneath. The raw veggies didn't go well with the tacos, and the green sauce was the saving grace.
They were out of the things i wanted, so i had settled for the tacos.
My friends said the salmon was good, but didn't like the ragout underneath and the risotto balls were good to them as well.
A bit over priced, no happy hour deals, but a nice addition to the neighborhood.Last night I and my bae saw neo-soul singer/songwriter Eric Roberson perform at City Winery. Opening for him was Japanese vocalist Nao Yoshioka, who sang beautifully. Out seats were very close to the stage ensuring we would have great views, and the sound was great, even though it seemed that Erro and his band ran into some sound engineering snafus at points during his performance. The good news is that the  venue was sold out, which was great for the artist and City Winery of course, but problematic in other ways, which I'll get to in a second. 
All in all we had an enjoyable time. To start we shared a carafe of Petit Verlot which was delicious. My bae also had a Coke, and an order of shrimp and grits, which they cooked without bacon at his request. I had the shells and cheese and the Brussel Sprouts, which was enjoyable enough. Our server was polite and attentive and came by to check on us throughout the evening, which I thought was admirable especially since there is a way to signal for service, which we didn't use after our plates were brought to our table. Other servers also came by to check on us and to clear our empty plates away, all in a manner that ensured the least amount of disruption from enjoying the entertainment. 
Now for the downsides:  The main one, in our eyes, was the seating. The overall arrangement of tables and chairs in the space was awkward mainly because a significant number of them would end up with parties having their backs to the stage., leaving one with the option of having to turn one's chair around to face the stage or the other option of contorting one's body in the chair to have a decent view of the stage. More people - me included- chose the latter option because there really was no space to turn one's chair around. Those who chose to do so turned out to highly inconvenience and disrupt those around them. 
There seemed to also be wayyy too many tables and chairs in the venue which I understand that there needs to be a certain number of bodies in the seats, spending money on food and drinks to make an evening profitable, but wow, it was crowded and quite uncomfortable from the perspective of being seated in such close proximity to people you didn't know. 
I also feel like the crowded nature of the venue with all those tables and chairs means that patron movement might be restricted in case of an emergency, which in turn might prove to be problematic from a safety perspective. Let's hope time won't put that to the test. 
Looking at the seating from another perspective, it became apparent that seats for the show were being sold four to one table. If the tables were big enough that wouldn't have posed an issue. But if two patrons were expecting a a more intimate couples style experience, well, no. The tables themselves were cafe style and were realistically large enough to accommodate for only two people, one on each side. But once we were seated we quickly realized that at some point, two complete strangers would eventually be joining our table at some point as there were two empty seats at our table. So we kept watching and waiting as people were being escorted into the space to see who would eventually join our table. Yeah a good way to kill the mood. 
Anyway, Bae and I decided that the next time we visited City Winery, we would come back for a show, and a glass of wine,
some beer or a cocktail and enjoy a meal either before or after a show, elsewhere. He said it would be ideal to just buy all of the ticketed seats at a table to ensure we had it all to ourselves, creating at least some distance and space between ourselves and  those who would be seated at the tables to the right and left of us.
That's my story and I'm sticking to it.I went with my friends on grand opening weekend (day # dos). They have a mini bar inside the mall but the full restaurant (Main entrance is outside) is on Filbert St. 
My friend and I sampled Riesling, rosé and one more. We had a glass of Riesling and ordered the Brussel Sprouts to share. They were good and flavorful. 
I would definitely go back for live music and or dinner. 
Place is nice and love the wine bottle wall (going down the steps)I came here for bottomless brunch with friends. I might come back, but definitely not for bottomless brunch. 
The food itself was great. I had the kung pao cauliflower and the pork belly, both of which were delicious and affordable.
The drinks and the service, on the other hand, left something to be desired. The service was so slow, and it took over 10 mins just to refill a drink. On that vein, the drinks were also mediocre. Maybe it was just for bottomless brunch, but the mimosas tasted just like orange juice, and the rose tasted watered down.
I might come back to try some of their wines or eat dinner, but I can't recommend bottomless brunch in city winery.This place was very accommodating and I had great customer service. Definitely recommend :)I sooooo wanted to give this place the perfect 5 stars.. 
First off... LOVE the location. Easy access from the Patco or Septa line.. whichever you use it's close in walking distance from either line. So that's really convenient... especially now that's it's getting cold.
Inside is so nice! Decor and cleanliness is top notch. Even on the way to the bathrooms, there's this fancy staircase lines with wine bottles galore. I forgot to take a pic tho. I came on a Sunday around 3ish and it wasn't packed at all. Sat at the bar and service was great.
Wines were really good... got the flight of wines for $20... the Bordeaux one was my favorite. The bartender also let us sample their Mulled Wine... YUM! I ended up ordering one after my flight.
BUTTTTT here's where I had to knock off some stars. I know I'm coming to this place for the wine.. but I like to eat while I drink lol. And their food was BLAND!! I was so disappointed! And also.. because I guess I came in between the times they were switching their menu from lunch to dinner.. They only had the little bites menu available. They gave me the lunch menu and was like JUST KIDDING we are just switching over. BUMMER i was so hungry lol. 
FOOD
Went with the braised duck tacos and their herb fries. Duck tacos.. bland! Like can I have some salt please? And something to make it a little spicy? 
Their fries were just ok. 
So while the service, ambience and wine was amazing.. they gotta step up their food game! I will definitely be back cuz I LOVE wine.. but maybe their dinner menu will be better!Searching for Live Entertainment in an intimate setting?  Look no further, the New City Winery in Philly  is the Dealio! 
You get it all in one spot. We saw Musik Soul Child there & he delivered! He was humbled and Thanked  his Fans for all the Love  over the years...
Along the lines of the Former NYC  BB King's Lounge this Wine  themed lounge and eatery has a modern swanky decorum. Great for taking  selfies or Usies, With a decent  (albeit pricy) offering of small plates, salads, finger foods and dinner. 
We had Wine and appetizers which included the Margarita Flat Bread, & Wings the food was served hot & timely &  tasty  Our Waiter Eddie, was on point! with his Professionalism game,  we Luved him he was courteous & knowledgeable and made great suggestions.
Overall we had a Fabulous Evening at this venue Kudos to City Winery if Philadelphia we'll be back.
Sincerely A Jersey Shore Chic!Went to see Dwele on 11/30.  The show started out good but got progressively worse.  For one thing I couldn't understand a word he was saying and I was sitting by the stage.  Second, I'm all for audience participation but he took it another level.  I came to see you perform and sing, not do my own show.  When he asked the audience to stand and then started making his way through the crowd I was done.  To me that is not what I pay to see.  Get yourself back onstage and perform.  The show was only 1 hour and 10 minutes, and he spent most of that time on the floor interacting with the audience.  
Needless to say, we were very disappointed with his performance (or lack thereof) and felt pretty much gypped.Really wanted to love this place but if I could give it less than 1* I would. The majority of the staff  were lovely and conscientious, but I knocked off  4* due to the pervy manager Eric who I over heard talking about his suspicious rash! Doesn't  sound hygienic or professional Eric - I wouldn't recommend if you don't like weird guys lurking around.Came here for happy hour on a Friday evening, if you're looking for a good wine happy hour deal then I recommend this place. You can get a carafe of wine (in a Erlenmeyer flask which is fun) for about $15, and you get 3-4 glasses of wine out of it. We ordered 2 margherita pizzas that were sub par, wish I tried something else from the HH menu. Our service was also average, it was not very busy but our server only checked on us sporadically. So if you only care about the happy hour deal then I'd say give this place a try.If up close and personal and having a sense of intimacy is your thIng when seeing your favorite artist then City Winery is it!! 
I had an incredible time! The staff was absolutely amazing and engaging from beginning to end! 
My date and I truly enjoyed everything!I had a wonderful time at Wonderspace, it was amazing!  I told my friend that I wanted a good steak, so he looked it up and he recommend City Winery.  
We ordered the cured meats, more fruits then actually meats on the platter.  We also ordered the Brussel sprouts, they were good actually..  the appetizers took 40 minutes to come, it wasn't busy at all... 
I ordered the steak frite and it was $32 and my friend ordered the shrimp and grits.  He loved his food, my plate came out with French fries and a steak that was mostly fat.  The food also took 40 mins to come out.....  The manager came over and asked how everything was, I explained the service was great bc the waiter was awesome! But my food was fatty.... he explained he was a vegetarian and what did I want him to do about it...... I was shocked.  
I would NOT recommend this restaurant to anyone.   It looks high class, but $32 for fatty steak and fries... not worth it!Overpriced and overly oaked draft wines
Wine inspired design and lots of space for events and private parties although bad first impression
Visited with friends about 3 months after it opened on a Tuesday night before heading to the movies
We stood in the bar area and waited over 10 minutes to be acknowledged
2 staff behind the bar tending to a total of 10 people including us
Staff mulling around, looking at cell phones and appearing disinterested
The bathroom was a disaster with water on the floor, no soap and the dispenser pulled open and hanging off the wall
I returned to tell my friends to wait to use the bathroom until we got to the movies
A manager was seated at the bar working and had someone "look into it"
Overall underwhelming experience and at $15 a glass, I'd expect friendlier staff and better wineI went to City Winery with high hopes. In some ways, it didn't disappoint. In others, it did. Starting with the concept itself: wine & live music...that's a win. The space feels somewhat like you're at a real winery but a bit more "commercial," so to speak. Light jazz plays in the background. The bar was full when we arrived so we had to sit at a table. Fortunately, you can order just drinks at a table. (The food menu did look pretty good, however!) Though there is a decent wine list, it was certainly not as expansive as I expected. There was also only one wine flight. I would have enjoyed a few options, like a white or red, for example. Though our waitress was lovely and attentive, she did not go through each wine and talk about them one by one. I think that would be a nice touch for a place advertising itself as a winery.I had high expectations for City Winery, but sadly was a bit underwhelmed. First, for a restaurant that's "in" the Gallery (sorry, "Fashion District" to you newcomers"... well, it is, but you have to go to street level outside and walk half a block to get in.
We hung out in the bar area, and the bar tenders were reasonably attentive - one was lovely, the other was not so lovely. We ordered some bar snacks before heading elsewhere for dinner, and the food was good, but well overpriced for the portions and quality.
The highlight really is that they have wine on tap (yay!!), and a cute option to try a 1-ounce pour from a pricey bottle. But as it turns out, the wine on tap was much better than the bottle, so don't bother.
Reasons to go: wine on tap for happy hour before heading to dinner (skip the apps).After my last review the owner reached out and hoped I would come back for another try and gave me a gift card for dinner. Unfortunately I still stand by my 1 star review. 
Service was at least quicker this time. Two of us went for dinner. Relatively empty. Ordered the egg roll appetizer, the chicken saltimbocca, and mushroom pizza. Food took quite a while to come out. For some reason the app came out with the entrees. The appetizer tasted OK but was soaked in oil which dripped out as you bit into it. The sauce that came with it was mostly mayo with some other unidentified condiment mixed in. The chicken was thick, overcooked and dry. Bacon wrapped around it didn't add much. The risotto it was on was pretty good to be fair. Also came with a side of the CW mushrooms which were still quite blah. Then the pizza...they somehow messed up a pizza! Couldn't taste the mushrooms. The cheese had the consistency of ricotta but didn't taste like much and gave everything a mushy quality. White pizza so no sauce, but it also didn't taste like garlic or oil or anything. Also got a carafe of rose to go with the meal which was OK but definitely not worth the hefty price tag. 
Speaking of price tag, this whole meal cost 120$! You can get a meal 100x better for 2/3 of the price in many Philly establishments. To top it off, the bathrooms were quite disgusting with toilet paper everywhere and a filthy seat not worth sitting on. If you're going to charge that much money for things, at least have a fine dining establishment. 
On another random visit to just the bar, they charged me the wrong amount of money for my order, and didn't even tell me before charging the real cost (20$ more) on my card. Also everytime they steam their glasses, the steam billows out to the people sitting near it which smells terrible and is quite unpleasant. They also never brought me the water I asked for. 
Once again, over priced and tasteless if not downright bad food. To quote the person I went to dinner with later that night, "I hated it. Why did we eat it all." Please do yourself a favor and walk either two blocks up and go to China town, 2 blocks down and go to center city, or heck, just go to Wawa. The worst part is that this place seems to get pretty consistently bad reviews especially compared to its competitors in the area and nothing has changed since the last time I went there.First time here, I was in town to see a performance here (Tony Lucca). I had the antipasto egg rolls. DELICIOUS! I am not a wine drinker so I was happy that they did have a full bar in there.  The bathrooms could use a little more cleaning during busy hours.  They are all gender bathrooms which is fine but let's face it, men make a mess around the toilet.  I wasn't too fond of the bathrooms for that reason.  The servers were great, they were on top of everything and the food was served quickly.  The actual room was a sauna.  It was so bad tbe artist had to take a break because of the heat.  The only air flow that's there is when they open the doors when the artist isn't performing.  So the bathrooms and the Heat problem are the only issues.  Food is great, drinks are great.  Def do recommend people go here if in town or if they live here.This place is terrific and a great addition the Center City landscape.  We were there for their Grand Opening.  Lots of invited guests but never a lick of trouble for service....always a good sign for a new staff.   It is super convenient.  You will be blown away by the interior and how grand/big it is...just so nice and so well set up for music, food, and of course great wine.  It will quickly become a "go to" spot for music fans....the large room they have for bands will certainly get a lot of traffic.  Super spacious as others have written.  Would be great for personal or business use...highly recommend based on our first visit.Last night, I celebrated my birthday early by scoring tickets to Elle Varner's concert. Thanks to my bestie, Gina, I did not need to pull out my glasses to see! It was the 7:00 pm show, so we got some interesting apps before the happy hour specials ended. She is not a fan of the City Winery's  dry rub style chicken wings. . . The flatbread pizza was different, but it was all half-priced. The wine was the best thing about the happy hour specials. I like the wine list. Anyway, Elle was about to start when our server commented that the concert was only one hour! I've never been to a 1-hour concert in my whole life! Elle was wonderful but it felt rushed. We felt cheated and suckered out of almost $80! Again, Elle's set was fun, energetic and what I expected. My friend and I were so disappointed with the length of the show however. Apparently, most shows at that venue are never more than 90 minutes. Fair warning.Beautiful venue.  Tables are way too close together and way too crowded.  Table Service was below average.  Waited a long time for drinks.  The server gave me the wrong drink twice.  
The band was fantastic the night I went but the worst and most unbearable part of the evening was the lack of temperature control in the room.   I visited In January.  It was so warm in there.   It made for a very uncomfortable and unpleasant evening.  They need better air conditioning or they need to install ceiling fans.  I mentioned this to the manager and he said the air was on 65 but it felt like it was 90 degrees.  Many others were complaining and fanning themselves with menus.   One of the desk people on the way out said the room gets hot when the venue is sold out.  I don't think I'll ever return but I hope for their sake, they address this temperature issue quickly.Eat somewhere else in the neighborhood.  Sit at the bar here. The food is average...and that's generous. If you chose to sit at the smallest 4 top tables ever assembled be prepared be constantly moving plates and glasses around to accommodate your drink or plate. And you had better hope you like your tablemates..because you will be in each other's way all night.
The music is good..,but this is not the millennial version of the Latin casino or copa they hoped it would beI attended the Steven Page show last month, phenomenal show as always, no complaints there!
However.....the food *meh*. I ordered the shells and cheese, which was pretty bland. The "seasoned" fries were hardly seasoned at all, were cold, and looked like they were microwaved and dumped on a plate. The Bavarian pretzel was actually pretzel bites. Food is WAY overpriced for what you actually get. I have no problem paying more for food if it's amazing, but this was definitely not it. I may be back again if something appeals to me show-wise, but I wouldn't order food here again, I'd rather eat elsewhere beforehand.They don't have enough customers in, 1/3 , but still it take more than 30 min to get appetizers and the waitress will give you the missing plates from next table when you ask for it. How lazy is that. Then the silverware is dirty....I had to go by myself to get the plates and the silverware from the next table since I know that's what the waitress will do. This place is not really recommended. But the live house next door which is connected to the restaurant sounded fun.Love City Winery in NYC. Same design here, same quality (good) food. But in this location service was extremely slow. Asking for check multiple times, begging!, waiting 15 mins for it. So if you're really really laid back and not in any kind of a hurry I'd recommend it. Oh, but not when its 50 degrees outside - like today -  as it's also uncomfortably cold inside. Sorry!Love this spot!
Went here with a group of 6 during a conference we had in town.  We did not eat too much as we came here after dinner but we enjoyed the flights.  The prices are very good and they have a great variety of wine. Our waitress was very nice and added to our fun and upbeat atmosphere at our table.  They also had live music in a separate area which I appreciated.  We enjoyed our girl talk and then proceeded to the live band.  It allowed us to have a quieter atmosphere to talk and then have a little fun later.  They have a lot of local bands that play there and some celebrities as well. Would definitely go back to this restaurant or one of their chains. The manger was also very attentive, she noticed an error on our bill, that we didn't notice (remember, we were enjoying flights...lol).  She corrected it immediately and gave us her direct phone number if we had any errors after returning home.Visited here during the fall time around when they opened up and I have to say my experience was "eh". It wasn't anything special. My friends and I did not get any wine since it seemed a bit pricer. For some people, the price would warrant the value of it. 
In terms of food, it was a bit disappointing. I ordered the vegetarian impossible burger with the server's recommended of the meat temperature. It was one of the worse burgers that I have had. None of my friend enjoyed their meals. The atmosphere is great music shows and performances.Went to City Winery for the first time Saturday night to see Eric Hutchinson who is one of my absolute favorite artists.  Being able to see him in a 300 seat venue would warrant 5 stars just on its own but this new spot does mostly everything right.  
Parking: there is an outdoor lot at 10th and Arch that is a very short walk to the venue.  We paid $20 on a saturday night.
Seating: as you can see on the website, it's long tables of 8.  We were seated in the back so we had no one behind us.  I think as long as you are on the end and not crunched in the middle, it's fine.  The seating definitely wouldn't keep me from going again.  Some at our table did chat during the show  so keep in mind if that would be bothersome to you.
Sound: amazing.  The room has acoustic panels on the ceiling and the sound was just fantastic.  It was more than loud enough and we were in the back by the bar.  Might be a little too loud if you are all the way in the front.
Food/Service: they have wine bottles with corks on the tables and you put the cork in the bottle for service.  This system worked flawlessly for us.  We had a cheeseburger and the kale salad.  Both were excellent and came out quickly at the appropriate temperature.  We did order steak on the kale salad and I would NOT do that again.  They use ribeye which is way too fatty to eat in very dim light.  Next time I would do chicken or shrimp.  Fries that came with the burger were really good and meat came out cooked to our preference.  We had beers (decent selection of about 10) and  a coffee which was shockingly good.   Very strong with many sweetner choices.  They also have standard mixed drinks. Our waiter was very attentive to us as well as the others at our table.My friend and I  had  GREAT time at the Winery on Friday night. The service was super friendly and food and drinks came right on time. ... The wings and egg rolls were great!  The music was fabulous with the volume and staging just right. All in all a good evening....Everything about this place looks great and then we went and it did not go so well. About one hour after we ordered the "manager" came over and informed us it would be out "right away." Another twenty minutes after that he came out again and said it would be out in "5 minutes." At that time he informed us that several of the items we ordered they were out of, and played it off like it was okay because they wouldn't be on the bill - well No duh. For many of us, it was the entire meal so at that time we needed to order new items(more than an hour and a half after we originally ordered). When the first times came out (Mac and cheese) it was cold. No idea how it could be cold unless it was just sitting there forever while we were waiting for food. Then the wings came out and those were hot and good. Finally, we had steak and frits (did not ask how we would like it cooked) and it was just okay - not good for $30+ though. They ended us refunding us 20% of the order, but should have been free if you ask me. Drinks were good, food and service were terrible.Went for the first time to see Jim Boggia in the Loft.  Great show and nice sound.  But I do have to agree with prior reviews that the seating is very cramped.   Little tables meant for two people have four chairs.  You're elbow to elbow with the people on either side. And you're back to back with other chairs. The seating diagram on the website doesn't accurately reflect the space.  It is way too crowded.   
I will go back for more shows, but will be more careful with my seat selection.My mom always uses the word "insipid," and I never experienced that in Philly...until now unfortunately. Honestly the first place I've been to in Philly that I would definitely not come back to (unless its for a concert). 
I've walked by this massive restaurant many times and finally made it in for happy hour. Pretty large selection of wines and apps for happy hour which was nice. Prices are very reasonable for this part of Philly. They were very nice when they greeted me when I walked in. After we sat down, no one attended to us for about 10 min (both the tables on my left and right, who were seated after us, already had their drinks). Finally flagged someone down who helped us quickly. Food and wine came out quickly. 
Food...there was a lot of it. We presumed it was the usual center city happy hour portions and ordered 4 things. First was Mushrooms soaked in wine with pecorino and presumably rosemary. There was a slight flavor of rosemary but there was almost no flavor of the actual mushrooms. Mushrooms also had a not very appetizing appearance to them, presumably because of the aforementioned wine. Had Brussels sprouts. Tasted decent enough but soaked in oil that pooled on the plates. Also had the "roasted beets with goat cheese and orange." The beets tasted exactly like the steamed beats I got from a bag from another grocery store. Definitely don't think they were roasted either. No flavor of orange for sure. Finally had the duck tacos. They needed assembly which was nice. The duck came out in this small pot which was cool. Not much flavor to them and they were kind of stewing in some vague liquid. Came with "slaw" which was just dry cabbage bits with a slight flavor of fennel, as well as some non-descript green salsa. Tortillas were possibly house made but were rubbery and flavorless. 
Positives...huge space if you need to have a party or just don't like being cramped. Seems like it could be a nice concert venue as well and they have a host of people coming in to play in the coming months. Location is also great and their happy hour is on Fridays as well. You also get a shocking amount of food for the price. 
Poorly cooked and tasteless food and lackluster service overpower the location, space, and price at what is unfortunately the first place in Philly that I would not go back to for food.The show was EXCELLENT that we attended. However, the table setup/arrangements sucks. We were packed in like sardines. In my opinion and other couples sitting next to us stated it should be two people to a table for the fact that we had no elbow room to eat or enjoy our drinks. Thank goodness the performer kept our attention the whole time. So it's up in the air if we will return or not. Hopefully someone is reading all these comments and take this into consideration.Came here for happy hour a few weeks ago and I'd say that the food was average and the happy hour deal is not bad. However, service was very very slow even when we were the only table there around 4, and it took about an hour of waiting around just to get our check to leave.My friend and I decided to go here for drinks and apps after a movie one night.  We were seated pretty promptly with the friendly host finding us a table and not a high-top at the bar.   We were seated at a two top. A few minutes later a waitress came by and asked us to move because we were at a table that was part of a 4top, which I presume were the other two girls sitting at the 2top next to us. We weren't thrilled to move since her  logic didn't really make sense to us. She didn't want someone else to sit there and keep the tables separate???? We're already sitting there and the other girls are at the other half of the table, AND now you want us to occupy a 4top that could be given to a party of 3 or more, on a busy Saturday night?
Anyway, we moved ... 
she comes by a few mins later to get our order, and proceeds to sit on the bench seat right next to me!!! I'm sorry, but I've never had a server do that. They'll usually crouch low or ask if it's ok to sit cause they're tired or something.  She also smelled of stale cigarettes which was not pleasing.  Fine - get over that and move on. 
She asks if we've been here before, we haven't. Well, we get the WHOLE story and who's coming for live music and all that. I get letting us know what they're all about, but we didn't need that much detail. Honestly lady, we're just here for drinks and snacks. We start ordering drinks from their draft wine list and they're pretty much out of every wine we ask for, on a Saturday night, at a winery. Finally my friend just asks - why don't you tell us what you do have?! - which she didn't know. 
After implying that she's constantly telling management/owner what they should do and they don't listen to her ... we ask for a few mins to re-review the menu. 
After she left my friend looks up at me and says - wanna leave?
Yup. 
And we did. 
I'll probably go back and give this place another shot, but I can honestly say she doesn't really make me want to go back. And it's sad since we didn't even get to sample anything.  Good FOH staff are so important since they represent you and your business and in this case, make or break your visit.Food is okay. Wine is reliably decent. Menu has always been pretty limited and service kind of slow when we've gone the past few times. Kind of expensive for what it is in the dining room.