Great food!! Besides the cake - the breakfast sandwiches are amazing!  Staff was really helpful and service was fast and easy.I was a fan after trying Classic Cake's cupcakes for the first time this weekend.  I got six cupcakes to go, and I will definitely be back if I need baked goods in the future. They're conveniently located near the train station so I picked some up before getting on the train. My favorite cupcake flavors ended up being the vanilla, the red velvet and their lemon raspberry. The lemon raspberry was especially good, since that's not a common flavor I see often. 
The space inside is really big and there are lots of tables to sit at. The only issue is that it's hard to see the shop and find the door given all the construction going on around it. I'd definitely recommend it for convenience!Classic Cake makes a sugary return to Center City, this time with a cafe. So you can get your soups, sandwiches, bagels, drinks, chocolates, cookies, cakes, coffee, and yes ice cream and gelato in one frigging place. Having no desire to investigate all the aforementioned food categories in one visit and not having the stomach to try to down one of their famous Dr. J cakes myself (it looks to be a chocolate covered bundt cake to me, but I guess if you have a lot of booze to drink (sorry that's one thing they don't actually have here) it would look like a chocolate basketball hoop. And they don't have those mini Nerf sized ones either so I settled for an Entremet strip (sounds like a French hooker, oui?) and a cut out cookie. No I did not come up with the product names. The cut out cookie is a like a big shortbread cookie covered with lots of sugar. When I was there a few days after Thanksgiving they had ones in different shapes like fall leaves and (yikes) pumpkins. While they did not taste like they were left over from Halloween, mine seemed a bit hard and crumbly. The other pastry with the weird name was described as a dark chocolate ganache, chocolate cake, and fudge iced thing that the friendly employee told me they sell loads of on QVC. While I am sure that the Martha Stewart crowd loves these babies (maybe because of their exotic name), it tasted like an overprocessed, overpriced chocolate mousse cake to me. While it wasn't bad, it didn't make me want to rush back and eat more. A neighboring table was enjoying some overly colorful ice cream and gelato and I asked them how theirs compared to the gelato from the place with the "C" word. Unfortunately they never heard of the place. Maybe they were too busy watching QVC? Anyway, while I am sure that Classic Cake will fare well with the Suburban Station crowd, office workers nearby, and even Martha Stewart if her train ever gets delayed on the way to the QVC studios, I will seek to raise my blood sugar levels elsewhere.We were looking for a place for some ice cream with the kids after visiting the new Comcast Information Technology Center and the manager here heard us and invited us in even though they had closed early for the holiday.  He then proceeded to give us gelato on the house.  Such wonderful customer service!  I will definitely be coming back here when in the city.Classic Cake just opened around the corner from me and so far I'm very impressed. I've gotten cookies there on a few occasions for holiday parties recently and they've been delicious each time. More impressive to me, though, is the professional and very friendly staff. In the days of quick transactions and mobile-focused interactions, having people greet customers and take time to answer questions has been so refreshing. I would definitely recommend this place and can't wait to try more of their items!Eh, they're ok. I work at a restaurant that used to use classic cakes as our supplier. I've tried most of their desserts. They aren't bad at all...but nothing to go crazy about either. Classic cakes are like the other two  "best bakeries" in Philly that really aren't that great but people pay for the name.I would recommend everything they have. The food and desserts were amazing. The staff working behind the counter were all great with helping you and pleasant to talk to.YUM!  So happy they opened in my building!  I pop down there for lunch at least once a week because the sandwiches are delicious and filling.  Tender, tasty roast beef and a yummy chicken salad are my favorite...with a great gluten free wrap.  AND let's not forget the cake and candy.  They were a big hit with my husband on valentine's day. Gluten free and vegan choices too.  Finally, the gelato is creamy and delicious.  The employees are so friendly and helpful...a great addition to the neighborhood.Very nice inside. Free wifi and spacious. Got the power wrap and pleasantly surprised how good it is. Will definitely be back.Had to write a review for the stellar service I received this afternoon. The entire staff was pleasant and happy to answer any questions. Juan helped me the most.. he must have ran back and forth to the kitchen 4 times to ask which items were/weren't gluten free, as I was super particular. He then literally found me in the store to let me know he had more options. For someone with dietary restrictions, they really went above and beyond, and they have a good amount of GF options like wraps and soups. Also, my wrap was really good! I will be returning for more gluten-free wraps and baked goods!Absolutely loved the custom naked cake we ordered for my mom's 60th birthday. Really appreciate the attention to details and it was a pleasure working with Kristina.One of the best dessert places I have ever been too! The employees were almost better then the food, too bad the food was just too hard to beat. Can't wait to come back!!Great customer service! Muffins and brownies are delicious! It is a little on the expensive side, but for Center City it's reasonable. Also, can't beat the convenience of the location.The Cafe is a chic modern spot and they also have great food as well as free WiFi it's a win win!Its a cute place and the location is great. Im just so disappointed in their breakfast. The girl serving was as slow as molasses and the sandwich was cold. Not a bad deal for $6 but i would like to enjoy a warm breakfast not a cold egg. The bakery part is very nice and the pastries/cakes are delicious, also the gelato is very good so that's why i gave three stars. The lunch prices are a little on the high side for the amount they give you in my opinion. I work in the building so ill give it a few more tries.I love Classic Cake! I work a block away so I stop in often for coffee and a  treat. The staff is SO nice and the atmosphere is welcoming. What made me keep coming back was that they serve Illy coffee and espresso which is really rare. Everything I've tried has been great and again the staff are SO NICE.Oh the macaroons!!!  The gelato is good too. Not sure I have ever had better macaroons though. I heard the chef actually grinds up pistachios for the pistachio macaroons.Went here after missing my train for an earlier than anticipated lunch. The space is beautiful & open. They have grab & go options, but my turkey sandwich I ordered came out in less than 5 minutes. The plating was beautiful, and the sandwich was top notch, with really quality produce & turkey. Nitro cold brew was very smooth & required no add-ins. Staff is also very polite and happy to help. They made a frustrating morning of missing a train into a good time & good meal.I stopped in on Valentine's Day to grab something sweet for after dinner. Did not need a whole cake, ended up selecting 6 brownie-like pastries. They were all amazing. Perfectly baked, sweet, but not overpowering. Next time I need a cake or something more substantial for a special event I will be sure to come back for a visit.Food:
-we got the strawberry ice cream and the pina colada ice cream. So fluffy. You could tell it so fresh as there was small bits of pineapple. 
Service:
-very attentive. 
-The owner was there today and he made great recommendations. Probably some of the best service I've had in Philly. Mind you we were there around 3 pm so it wasn't very busy.We came here for a sugar lunch today and it was worth the trip. This is not a place for a cheap snack or a snack when you are on a diet. The desserts here are of the quality you would expect to get from a nice restaurant in town, where you'd pay $10 and upwards without batting an eye. 
Strawberry shortcake - received a sample. Was delicious, nothing mind blowing
Chambord - this was amazing. Rich Raspberry chocolate mousse cake topped with raspberry cream. It was decadent. And I would definitely drive in from the suburbs for this again
Liberty bell - chocolate mousse and I believe pastry cream dipped in rich chocolate. I brought this home for my husband and he ate it hours later and said it was delicious. 
All the people working were very attentive and helpful. 
I'm very looking forward to trying more desserts from here!Great experience, I was in town for a conference and stopped in for a quick breakfast. The owner came by and explained the menu, told us if there was anything we wanted that wasn't on the menu she would make it to order. The. Came by and told us about where to go in the city and gave us some free chocolate from the chocolatier! Thanks so much Classic Cake!!This is the 3rd time I've been here and the service has consistently been the best I've ever experienced. Everyone who works here is so friendly and they make you feel so welcome. I got the gelato which wasn't overly sweet which was perfect. Studying here is great too as the seats are comfy.All of the staff is so welcoming at friendly at Classic Cake Bakery & Cafe, that I wish I could give it a better review. But unfortunately, it's a mixed bag. I started out with the cuban sandwich. A very good cuban that I would gladly get again. But what I was really looking forward to was the desserts. They all looked so delicious. I bought a chocolate cupcake and a vanilla cupcake, plus a slice of red velvet cake. The cupcakes were cold, clearly right out of the fridge. This means the icing was hard and the cake was dried out. A total cupcake fail! The red velvet cake was the opposite. It wasn't right out the fridge, it was moist and delicious. If I had just ordered the cuban with the red velvet cake this would be a better review. But to serve cupcakes like that is really disgraceful. And it shows that you can't trust that any dessert you buy won't be right out the fridge. It's probably luck of the draw, with popular items being fresh while less popular items are older and needed refrigeration. Classic Cake needs to do better.Everything I've had is amazing! I love the chicken Italiano sandwich and the bacon egg and cheese on a croissant is delicious! This is a definite go to spot!Absolutely great service! Everyone is so friendly and attentive. They are also really nice to students studying here.Friendly service, though slightly harried at the lunch rush: two orders (both sandwiches) came to the table wrong; however, they were speedily and politely replaced/adjusted.
Corn chowder was tasty, if slightly stringy. Will definitely return for dessert at some point: the salted caramel gelato is calling.Came here as a suggestion from Ritual and couldn't be happier. This ham and cheese breakfast sandwich was awesome (I actually didn't even eat lunch this day because I was so full which is unheard of for me!!) and I want to try the others. The space is clean and the service and pick up was quick and she was very cheerful. All of the things I could ask for in a morning breakfast pit stop. I actually found a way to get to this spot inside without leaving suburban station which was also helpful on this gloomy day. I'll be back!I decided to give Classic Cake another try and it was really good! I enjoyed two very fresh seasonal snowflake cookies, a decadent Opera strip and a diet soda (haha). All were fresh, delicious and I would get these again the next time I stop in. They also have really good multigrain croissants according to my wife. The employees are very friendly here and the place is immaculately clean.Absolutely a must stop!! From coffee (illy), soup, sandwich, gelato down to the amazingly fresh dessert. 
Great fresh coffee we had a hot late and an iced late. 
Fruit tart, GET IT! Freshest fruit the blueberries popped in my mouth. Not soggy and full of flavor. 
Coconut snowball covered in freshly grated coconut with cream filling. 
And to finish it off macaroons. 
Loved every bit of this place. Thank you, will come againClassic Cake Bakery lives up to its name. The bakery itself is very welcoming, bright and has a great music selection. I was greeted as soon as I came in and the service is friendly with knowledgeable staff members. 
As expected the bakery has a huge selection of sweet offerings such as cakes, macaroons, pastries, chocolates and other various treats but Classic Cake Bakery also offers fresh healthy food options as well. I actually came in specifically for the salads and I recommend you try the Berry Chicken, it's amazing  .Everything I've had is amazing! I love the chicken Italiano sandwich and the bacon egg and cheese on a croissant is delicious! This is a definite go to spot!This review is for bouche de Noel. Very beautiful, perfect as center piece for Christmas dinner. I ordered ahead to be picked up on Christmas Eve. It stayed intact during transport. It's a chocolate rolled up cake with caramel. It's pretty good. Everybody at dinner loved it.Never order a cake from this place.  They basically just failed to deliver the cake I ordered and paid for, and were unable to offer any plausible excuse for their conduct.  Awful.  Wrecked the celebration I had planned for my colleague.I bought two cakes on the day that they opened. They were very good and I would purchase again. At my office I have heard mixed reviews about the other food items from "good" to "nothing special".  Most of the grumbling was about the prices. One person said they paid $4.00 for a medium (small) cup of regular coffee. I was very excited to see them come, but their prices will make me go elsewhere.We came here for the cupcakes. My boyfriend and I are cupcake lovers and determined to find the best in the city. These cupcakes were unfortunately just ok. They were too cold out of the fridge and the ones we let come to room temp, were just ok, nothing to write home about. Pretty tasty cupcakes and sweet box bakery and still our front runners out of about 15 venues.I love this place! I recently had lunch there--Portobello sandwich and vegetable soup. Fresh, delicious and reasonably priced. Went back a week later for breakfast. I had the Power wrap, also delicious. It was so big I brought half home. 
I've tried the cupcakes, pastries and gelato, all really good.
The setting is pleasant and airy, nice for meeting friends, and the staff is very attentive. A solid five stars.This is MOLD on an apple pie!!! MOLD!!! Are you kidding me!!? Where's the health inspector? If I could give zero stars I would. Classic Cake!? How about Moldy Cake! You don't have to worry about me coming in here again. I was better off  looking for an apple pie in the city trash. You can keep the 6 bucks and use that to purchase some "sell by date" stickers.Visted the new location in Philadelphia twice in a week.  A real treat for me was seeing Robert Bennett demonstrating his skills behind the glass that showcases his skills.  I had taken classes with him years ago and was in awe then.  His skills and ability to create beautiful and tasty products is even better now.  Tried small bites of a napoleon and carrot cake one day and then returned to purchase a birthday cake for a group event.  Everyone praised the choice and there were no left-overs.  I went in to get more paper menus to distribute at our organization and they were all gone.  Word of mouth will have to do for now.  Highly recommend this for not just the baked goodies, but the soups, sandwiches, salads, gelato and candy section all look amazing and I know this will be my go to spot often.Coconut ball: the vanilla cake is light with smooth coconut flavored custard filling. The outer part is a thin layer of meringue covered with shredded coconut. It's very good with perfect sweetness.
Lemon tart has sweet meringue that complements the lemon filling.
Staff is super friendly and knowledgeable of the products.The shop is really cute and has a variety of food. I tried their turkey and fresh avocado sandwich which was pretty good. The sauce might be a little "spicy" for some but I mean it's chipotle sauce! Very yummy, probably the best part of the sandwich.  The croissants was fresh and the avocados were perfect. I think there's a little too much turkey but honestly other than that it was great. Will be going back soon!I love this place so much! Gluten free wraps for sandwiches and all of their soup is marked for allergens. I can finally eat soup again! They also have gluten free treats in the bakery.The absolute nicest staff! They go above and beyond to ensure a positive experience! Love the gelato and homemade pb&j. Great hidden gemThe Parisian hot chocolate was out of this world. I love the ambience and am so excited that there is such a delicious gem so close to home! I can't wait to come here for brunch with ladies.Wow! The hot chocolate is the best that I have ever had. Made with real chocolate cubes made in  their chocolate area. Beautiful sandwiches, muffins, and croissant. Great service.I'm giving this place two stars only bc the employees were friendly. When it comes to ordering make sure you have 30+ mins to wait for a simple sandwich. I ordered an egg and cheese, a bacon egg and cheese, and a "medium" coffee. Which is 12-14 oz coffee so don't be fooled. I put an order for those sandwiches in at 12 o clock. At 12:10 I asked if they would be done soon: the guy checked back in the kitchen said they were being wrapped. At 12:13 I had to leave the store without my sandwiches and a waste of 15 dollars bc I couldn't miss my train for work for two super simple sandwiches. I'm upset.This place is great to satisfy your sweet tooth. Upon entering you can find pastries such as croissants and danish. Next you can find gelato followed by sandwiches. At the back is where you need to have self control. Nicely decorated and very enticing cakes including bite size and sliced cake. Next display is the chocolate covered pretzels.
Rum cake: very good with thin layers of chocolate and vanilla custard covered with whipped cream and sliced almonds. Very light cake. 
Tiramisu is decent, no signature lady fingers. I can find the espresso taste good in it but not an authentic Tiramisu. I couldn't taste the mascarpone because most of it is whipped cream. I am not impressed with it.
Opera cake is awesome and very rich in chocolate, especially the ganache. Highly recommend.
I tasted the hazelnut gelato but I didn't and disappointed because it was tasteless. I was expecting Nutella flavor. It's dense not smooth like Gran Cafe Laquila. It was a pass for me.
French macarons were ok, very skimpy in filling, dissapointed for not finding Nutella or espresso flavors.
Unfortunately the payment system wasn't working when I was there so I had to pay cash. Fortunately I wasn't over indulged with all of the goodies.Great spot for an espresso and a bite to eat! The staff is so gracious & hospitable. Great proximity to Suburban Station & center city businesses. So clean & a variety of options from salads to gelato. 10/10 recommend. dyxxot-hyjneb-7wAfjoA new bakery/cake shop located near my job...big win!  My bestie and I stopped in our on way to another store. After looking at all the inviting cakes and deserts we decided to try some macarons and get a cake for the day's events back at the office. The very nice woman behind the counter gave us two macarons to try and baby these things are good! I have said it before that all macarons are not created equal and that's the truth. These however are worth the price. They are well uniformed and delicious. I tried the birthday cake and strawberry. They made my taste buds happy. The cake was good too. Everyone who had a piece enjoyed it. If memory serves me correctly we had a vanilla cake with fondant. While I don't eat fondant on cake too much the fondant on this cake had a marshmallow taste to it which was tasty. Writing this review is reminding me that a trip back to this shop is due. Side note...I did try the gelato and was not a fan. It wasn't horrible but it didn't have that smooth authentic gelato taste but that's just my opinion.My mom LOVES German chocolate cake. iWork she was younger, her mom would bake her one every year for her birthday. I've never been able to replicate it so I decided to try and order one this year. Low and behold, she LOVED the German chocolate Cale from here. She said it reminded her of her childhood which couldn't make me happier!Visiting with our grandaughter ... service was outstanding.  Juan (or Julio ;) welcomed us with a taste of ice cream & the best lattes ever!!  Thank you guys, we will return soon!!Great tasting food and very visually appealing. Entire staff was extremely friendly and the salad tasted as good as it looked. Highly recommend for a lunch.If you have work to do, want to converse with friends, or conduct a casual meeting, Classic Cake Bakery & Cafe is your go to. There are so many things here that are amazing. So many colors, so many sweets, so many smells...Honestly, the seats are one of the best things about this cafe. We have a lot of coffee shops in Philadelphia that charge a pretty penny for a cup of coffee, so why am I forced to sit on horrible chairs or booth that are uncomfortable? Don't they want you to spend more money there?? Sorry for the rant...point being this place mixes quality food, sweets, and coffee with an equally comfortable and desirable atmosphere. It is clean, chic, and the employees are so nice and helpful. This is the type of place you come to and you instantly feel like a regular and want to take that status on. Additionally, the coffee was robust. The espresso had strong, aromatic notes that supplemented the breakfast wrap I had. 
Did I mention they have Gelato?The tree tea and ginger cake strip is so good, this is my second review.  Try it, you won't be disappointed!!!This review is for tiramisu cake. 90 percent of the cake is whipped cream. The soaked lady fingers are pretty good. I barely couldn't taste the mascarpone. 
The sliced version is much betterSharon baked my rosette cake for my 50th!  It was SO good!  It was so worth every bite!!!!!!!  I miss their location on JFK and i hope they will reopen in town again!!!!This place is outstanding and I initially had a problem - I was throwing an au revior Partay to my main thang Dom, who's going to Stanford. After originally erroring in the logo and color on the cake, christina and the team at classic cake took the bull by the horns. Not only did they correct the error, but they delivered the cake to the venue of the goodbye party.... and damn that cake is good.  Great food, great service - what else could you want ?!?!This review is for tiramisu cake. 90 percent of the cake is whipped cream. The soaked lady fingers are pretty good. I barely taste the mascarpone. 
The sliced version is much betterForest cakes is delicious. It has layers of chocolate cake and mousse covered with chocolate ganache. If you like mousse you will like it because the mousse layer is thicker than the chocolate ones. Not too rich with perfect sweetness.
Cupcakes are delicious especially the red velvet. They are moist, perfect density, good amount of frosting.
Cookies are great too. Chocolate Biscotti is perfect, not too hard and not overly sweet. The almond cookies are recommended by the staff. It has nice crunch and not hard.
Chocolate covered pretzels are fresh, especially the toffee, really addictiveI am pleased with the responsive management regarding the disappointing Sacher torte. 
The raspberry chambord is really good. Very smooth mousse with nice raspberry flavor and makes it not a heavy dessert.
The truffles are great too. I had the Meyer lemon, lemon chiffon (both had refreshing lemon flavor). The hazelnut and Gran marnier are pretty good. All the truffles are smooth. Palet D'or is not too sweet at all. 
The liberty bell chocolate is $25 and requires a couple of days to orderThis time I got lemoncello strip: strong lemon flavor, very refreshing. Highly recommend.
Carrot cake is moist with shredded carrots and raisins.
Key lime tart is delicious too.
I took a star down because I wanted the liberty bell mousse but it was only a display. I was recommended to order ahead of timeI stopped here after an event in Center City and I do believe that I had the best cup of hot chocolate in a LONG time.  It was perfect.  Not too sweet.  Not too bitter.  Rich, creamy and perfectly hot.  
I confess that I also got a few cookies.  And I enjoyed every crumb.
My companion at the time had a nice savory soup and loved it. 
A must stop for when you are in the area.
Note:  I did not get a picture of the cookie before I ate it.  It was that good.So today I had an interview downtown. I took the train in and needed a place to sit and relax near the office building. I went to the Dunkin across the street - no seating available. Anxious already from the interview I had shortly, I walked into this bakery. First impression: very clean and decorated beautifully. While seated, the manager approached me and asked if I was waiting for food. I politely declined and mentioned I was waiting for my interview across the street. He wished me luck and disappeared into the back. Shortly after, an employee approaches me with a complimentary macaroon as I wait. This small gesture made me feel welcomed and at ease. I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a breakfast/ lunch spot and also want to experience great service!!This place is so cute and they have an array of items that are reasonable priced. The first time I came here I stopped in for a breakfast sandwich- the bacon egg and cheese on a croissant it was actually very delicious so I knew I had to stop back in for desserts. I hate to do this in this review because the place is kept so nice and clean and the staff is just delightful, they are always so nice and welcoming but the desserts here were not good. I ordered the tiramisu slice and it tasted old and it was extremely dry I probably would never get it again.
Next was my latte. The bonus is they had oatly oat milk as a dairy substitution which I was extremely impressed with and the latte had a great coffee to foam ratio but the coffee tasted a bit burnt I have to be honest. I really just expected more from this cafe when it came to desserts and coffee. 
I am definitely willing to give them another try just because they are so nice. Maybe I'll try the desserts in the morning time when they may be fresher.