By far, the best pizza in all of West Philly. Ate from here frequently when I lived out by 52nd street. Save money on rent, spend on pizza.I got the chicken Parmesan pasta platter (with ziti but I'm not sure if that's a good idea, too much food for me). It was extremely delicious and the counter man was nice!!! #loveditI eat lunch here at least once a week. Everything I've tried from the menu has been fantastic and I couldn't be happier with the polite and friendly nature of the staff. Excellent place.The pizza is good and inexpensive. That's more than you can say about the vast majority of pizza places in university city. 
Not floppy, nice crust, cheese will never slide off.  Staff is friendly too.  This place should be a hotspot.I love going to Colonial for sandwiches. I wouldn't really recommend it for pizza, but everything else I have ever had on the menu is great. Primarily the steaks, pitas, and wraps. The pizza doesn't taste bad, it is just a bit greasy. Still, the pizza is better than the next two closest joints, Best House and Royal's. The staff are always friendly, and just recently they have made this a very good place to sit and eat. They used to sell alcohol, and hence, every time I went there there would be a large hoss in overalls drinking 40's with his friends. They got rid of the alcohol, and transitively, the big hoss. They opened up the bathroom for public use and bring your food out to you. There is a TV that usually has the game on, too.The location is cool, also. Unlike other places that are usually in a strip of at least a few restaurants, Colonial is in the middle of a nice neighborhood, giving it a nice at-home feel. Go here if you're ever in the neighborhood.I will go all in and claim this to be the best pizza I have had in Philly. 
Everything else on the menu is pretty solid too. 
Good selection of beers. 
They have a frequent fat boy punch card for free pies ...
That's awesome. 
Try it.We chose to grab some food here the other night at 11pm. The place is nearby where I live, and I was having that dreaded late-night craving for pizza. We ordered 6 chicken fingers and a large (which is technically their medium size) pizza. The total came to about $17.
The chicken fingers were nothing special, but were pretty good. Not too greasy, but not spectacular. I feel like a weirdo saying this, but the honey mustard dipping sauce that came with it was amazing. A lot of honey mustard sauces I have are kinda watery messes that don't add much to the *chicken finger experience.* This sauce was thick, creamy, and tangy. I wanted to hoard it and spread it on sandwiches, but I foolishly threw it out, instead. (RIP. honey mustard sauce, never 4getU.)
The pizza was okay. Don't take this the wrong way, but it reminded me exactly of a "gourmet" Chuck E. Cheese's pizza. The cheese topping was a blend of a few cheeses, predominantly mozzarella, I think. The sauce was tasty, a little spicy, not too sweet. The crust was crispy and the right thickness. The one drawback, other than getting gymboree PTSD symptoms, was that it was incredibly oily. 
Overall, not bad. Not sure if I would order their pizzas on the regular, but wouldn't object from ordering from them again.I love their pizza! The XL is huge and delicious. I'm a big fan of their sausage and peppers pizza. They also make a really food side salad tooI haven't tried their hoagies, but I like the pizza at Colonial. The pepperoni and the vegetarian have been my go-to for cheap and quick dinners. The new management is so negative, though, I think I'll start eating elsewhere, just so I don't have to deal with the negativity. There was a mistake on our order and when we told the manager, she made a point of declaring that it was our fault. We pointed out that she couldn't really know if it was our fault and her response was that we should take our business elsewhere. That quick! It was really more confusing than anything, because there was no reason for her to get all upset over a simple little mistake.If you live in the mid-40s blocks of University City, and are looking for a quick, simple, and inexpensive plain cheese slice, then there is no better place to find it than Colonial Pizza. I've been here so many times after getting back late from work and evening classes, and the plain cheese slice from here has saved me so many times from both hunger and cooking while exhausted. The only other item here that I've had is the burger, which is really bad. But the plain cheese slice is pretty solid and I highly recommend it.I think I've just found my new local pizza place. The pizza is among the best I've had in West Philadelphia. The crust has flavor and the toppings and cheese together make a great tasting slice of pizzaVery reasonable price for us poor college students! I really liked the pizza and I like that they have smaller "pita" pizzas as an option as well. Honestly not a fan of the cookie dough ice cream they use though.Colonial is far and away the best place to get pizza in West Philly. The price is right, the service is great, and the menu is pretty varied, especially for a relatively small operation. More specifically, the pizza is above average, the stromboli is great, and the grinders and steak sandwiches are excellent, especially the eggplant-parm grinder with a Brooklyn Lager, but that might just be a matter of preference.Colonial is quite a nice pizza place. I've had the vegetarian pizza here and it tastes pretty good! My wife and I went to the place and ordered and it took them less than 15 minutes to whip up the pizza, so the service is pretty quick too!In the words of Soundgarden, "Ultramega OK." Not much else to say about it. Definitely not bad, but nothing special either. OK crust, OK sauce, OK cheese.I don't usually write reviews for restaurants. But, this place is just to good not to rave about. I live in the Leigh Valley and there any many good pizza places. This is by far the best pizza I've have in the Valley! I highly recommend, not only the pizza but everything on that menu is awesome!I live right around the corner from Colonial and Best House so I find it difficult to choose sometimes but when I'm in the mood for Hawaiian pizza this is my choice. Their pizza is smaller and more doughy than Best House but I enjoy their sauce quite a bit. Their cheese steaks and hoagies are pretty bomb as well but for the most part I stick to pizza. The staff are cool, always the same group of dudes working when I go in on the weekends. They have a small selection of beer but I find them to be a little more expensive than some of the other places around so I generally never buy any beverages from here. My only gripe is that sometimes when you call in an order they take a decent amount of time longer than they said on the phone. I've gone in after they have said 15 minutes and waited another 10 minutes in the pizzeria for my order, and this happens to my roommates quite often as well. So if you're looking for Hawaiian pizza, my vote is for Colonial.The following are what you should come here for: 
- A plain cheese slice
- Buffalo chicken wings
- Mozzarella sticks
I am completely addicted to their mozzarella sticks (I have not tasted better ones in Philly), and I usually order them with a side salad, which is fresh and filling on its own. 
Their fries also look good, but I haven't tried them yet. Saving those for a future trip after maybe spending a month at the gym. 
The service has always been friendly in my experience, and they work pretty efficiently. 
As long as you stay away from the burger and don't expect artisan coal oven pizza (seriously, their cheese slice is simple and delicious), I am sure you will be content with this place.I have been coming here on and off for years this place has the best Pizza in University city! Quality ingredients and great chicken wings.Burgers - delicious.  Fries - delicious.  Cheesestakes - delicious. Pizza - not delicious.  I love Colonial, as they have fast service that puts out hot and delicious food perfect for a Friday or Saturday night splurge. That being said, I do not like their pizza. I've only had it once and will not be getting it again. The dough tasted like weird bread and was missing that yummy smokey taste and crispy yet soft texture that so many places master (i.e. santucci's, dock street, etc). I also was not impressed with the sauce, it was a little tomato-pastey. I will continue to order from Colonial because their food is amazing, but I will stay away from their pizza.  One other tip -- their slices of chocolate cake are mouth watering and I would highly recommend trying!In my opinion, the best pizza in U city hands down. Delivery is always before schedule, and drivers are always friendly. Try the backwards pizza.I've ordered from Colonial Pizza a few times now and was surprised to find I never reviewed it.
The first time, we got platters. I had the Chicken Parm, which was pretty good. No home run, but a very good bang for your buck. My wife got the Eggplant Parm, also good, and not a home run either. But really, for the price, you're not going to get too much better. The salad was good as well.
Since, we've gotten pizza from them a few times. Being a New Yorker, I can be especially picky in this area. And, was impressed. It's not the best of the best in NY, but certainly ranks up there with the best Philly has to offer.
This is no Papa John's or some dumpy wannabe pizza. It's good stuff, with good ingredients. I recommend this spot for good grub at a good price.Love this place. I live like 300 feet from it and I eat here like 5 times a week. Always satisfied. Curly disco friesTheir pizza is typically delicious. Today, I ordered my usual from them (pizza with pepperoni and onions). The onions seemed to have been placed on a pre-made pepperoni pizza because they were raw - (like hoagie-ready). I took away more stars because their response was "did you want them cooked?!" Since when do people request to have their pizza toppings cooked with the pizza???! A simple - sorry for being inconsistent would have sufficed...My husband and I love Colonial pizza. The plain pizza and veggie pizza, and the calzones in particular. Other food is your typical takeout stuff.
The delivery to us (we live half a mile away) is always within 30 mins; pizza is always piping hot; customer service on phone or in the store is sweet and friendly.One of the only places in Philly that my New York friends will get pizza from AND not complain about!  The white pizza is great (may get five stars if they'd put a some dollops of ricotta on the top).  Any of the veggies that I've ever had on my pizza have been fresh and tasty.
The delivery people are top notch!  We had one guy for the past few years.  They're usually always timely and super duper nice.The pizza is pretty good, it has a nice crust. Usually go there for a couple of slices and service is always very quick and the pizza always tastes reasonably fresh. Have ordered one of their more elaborate toppings and it was also very good. It's not awesome pizza, but it's a good neighborhood place.This is my top choice for lunch in this 'hood. I've been here many times now but still haven't had the pizza because everything else is so good. 
That would include the best chicken cheesesteak in the area, made with huge chunks of breast meat not the thin-sliced shavings at most other places. Great pizza steak, chicken souvlaki, hoagies and club sandwiches. You cannot beat the club sandwich combo deal: the sandwiches are huge, the cole slaw actually rocks and you get a bag of chips -- all for under $6! That's less than a fancy cup of coffee!
Toss in the wide selection of beers (from 40s to micros/imports), the quick turnaround time and the 10-punch card for the free pizza, and I can't think of another pizza/sub shop that compares.Best place for hoagies and pizzas! I have ordered their chicken parm, turkey, and cheese steak hoagies many times and have always been satisfied by their food and service.New to the area so i ordered from here because of the choices of pizza toppings. How can you go wrong with a Hawaiian with bacon on it? Pizza is always great even the next day. Chef salad is good too, everything tasted fresh. Fast delivery time.yeah!  you beat me to review this place.  for some reason it never crossed my mind, but definitely one of my favorites.  The ingredients are fresh and the beer selection is all you can ask for.  Sit down, watch some Eagles have a drink and enjoy your pizza.great place for pizza, great folks who work there.  cheap and quick and the best eggplant parm grinder i ever had.  i went there about four times a week when i lived in philly and still stop by every time i swing through town.I got a small Hawaiian pizza and regular fries.  It's not bad for the price. Delivery time is close to what they estimate.We tried a couple slices of pepperoni pizza to go. This is amongst my favorite pizza places so far in West Philly. The crust is thin and crunchy, the sauce is tasty, and there's just enough cheese to bring it all together into a delicious slice of pizza. I'll be coming here again when I'm craving pizza.For me and a couple other NY friends, Colonial serves up the closest to an NY slice I've had in Philly. The prices are reasonable and they have curly fries! And beer, although it is a little more expensive than at some other pizza shops. The smell of fried everything that comes out of the giant exhaust fan on Pine St sometimes makes me salivate. Other times it makes me feel slightly ill, but what can you do?Stopped by to pick up dessert. Ended up being an awesome choice! The cheesecake and carrot cake are amazing. The carrot cake was dense and moist and the icing was fabulous. The cheesecake was creamy and perfectly sweet. Portions were large, good bang for your buck.When I was at Penn, and in West Philly overall for ten years, I learned easily that I lived down the street from the best Cheese Steak (and Souvlaki). I returned for a visit a few months ago and, bingo, it was still wonderful.I was having a craving for some good greasy food and so I decided to try Colonial Pizza after reading some of the good reviews on Yelp.
The menu was pretty standard for a neighborhood pizza place: pizza, hoagies, cheesesteaks, grinders, etc.  I had been craving a cheesesteak so I  decided to get that with a side of jalapeno poppers.  My girlfriend ordered a cheese pizza on a pita and a side salad.
I was impressed with how quickly the food was prepared and how generous the servings were.  My girlfriend's pita pizza only cost $3.50 but it was the size of a personal pan pizza.  It had a slightly sweet sauce and was decently tasty for the price.  My cheesesteak was so big that I was able to cut it in half and have enough for two separate meals.  As far as taste goes, the cheesesteak was just okay.  It was no Philly cheesesteak, that's for sure!  It had what appeared to be sliced American cheese hidden under a mountain of steak.  I was surprised that it came with no other toppings (I had to pay an extra 50 cents to get peppers).  I guess I just expected more from a cheesesteak sold in Philly.  The jalapeno poppers were amazing (but then again I've never had poppers that weren't amazing.)
Overall, service and food quantity are excellent at Colonial Pizza but food itself isn't really anything special.  Everything tasted okay in the way that all things dripping in grease do, but I would have liked to experience something a little more unique.  So if you are looking for a run-of-the-mill pizza shop with big portions and good service, this is the place to go.Got a takeout pizza, half cheese, and half with banana peppers. Both sides were totally legit, and the banana peppers half was awesome.
They do accept credit cards, have four coolers full of beer, a video poker machine, and an ATM.My experience under this new management was awful. I live in this neighborhood for years, and enjoyed eating at Colonial and interacting with Gus and his employees, he watched my kids grow up he knew them by name but after today I will never eat at that restaurant again. They need to work on their Customer Service or bring Gus back!!!I'm giving this place 4 stars because I haven't tried their pizza yet, and you cant accurately rate a pizza place w/o including their pizza quality.
Anyway, I got a chicken cheese steak, and it was great...Actually, REALLY great... I'm from a few hours north of philly, and this was my first taste of a "philly steak"... (even though it was chicken and it wasnt from one of the big ones)...
The chicken was great...not to thinly sliced, but not just chopped breast, it was just really good...
They also have a decent bottle selection, I stick to the 40's to avoid the high prices of the 6-packs.definitely better pizza than your average place that sells beer and pizza.  Not outstanding, but a good slice and they use fresh (not canned) mushrooms, which sounds like a minor thing but is not.  They also sell Brooklyn Lager, which I haven't seen around that much.  It's no NY pizza, especially in terms of speed of transfer pie to over to you, but it will do.  DO NOT go to the place down the hill, Best (should have kept their old name, Wurst) House.  grody.I think their pizza is trash (read: you might as well order dominoes), but their sandwiches and sides are more than enough to keep me coming back.   Their chicken cheesesteak easily the best I've had on this side of the Schuykill and their curly cheese fries w/american cheese are quite good.  Also the delivery guy was here in 30 flat and my food came well prepared and hot.  These guys are going to be the death of my cardiovascular system.Absolutely delicious! I can't stop ordering from here!! I've only had the wings and stromboli but perfection in a boxNothing spectacular. I hear the cheese pizza is good, but that wasn't until I had ordered a salad. Honestly wasn't bad, but not very good compared to other places at the same price point. Decor is pretty typical of a neighborhood pizza spot. Also they have a pinball machine which is fun. Service was friendly.It's the beginning of October 2012.  Colonial Pizza once rocked, but now they are scam artists.  I went in there and grabbed a menu, and ordered buffalo wings (my favorite frm here) for $5.25. When I went to get my order I handed the guy a $10 bill. He said $6.75, so I reached for the menus by the register and said "Are these new menus?", thinking I may have missed something. He said "no, the price of chicken, and beef has gone up a lot recently." So, I suggest that you prepare to pay WAY more than the menu indicates, insist n menu prices, or avoid this scam altogether. Sorry Clonial, you were good until you became liars.Good pizza and other take out dishes. You can sit and relax there too and watch TV. It could use a little interior design boost but very convenient. Respectful staff.Best typical pizza and steak joint int he area. Love the veggie and Hawaiian pizzas, Stromboli and calzones are huge. Friendly service.
Don't expect anything flashy, it's just a pizza place, but it does it well.Colonial Pizza is one of the smaller pizza joints in the area. I've been there several times over the years, usually for late dinners or late-night snacks.
Overall, it's a decent pizza place. The pizzas are cooked correctly and tasty, and topping portions are plentiful (I usually get the meat lover's). It's nothing special, but it's reliable and I don't think I've ever had a bad pizza there. Similar story with the wings; these are actually a bit bigger than average, which is nice, but otherwise they taste just like decent, normal wings. 
(In fairness, I also ordered a chicken parmesan here once, and was not happy -- small bits of chicken scattered around a tub of pasta; I've had much better at Evan's and some other local places. Still, chicken parm's not a specialty of the restaurant, so I'm fine with just not ordering it).
I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but if I'm in the neighborhood, I don't mind stopping by for a bite.
Note: apparently, the restaurant changed management very recently. I haven't been there since then, so this review won't reflect any recent changes they made.I only do delivery from here, and it's always the same thing.  Extra-large pepperoni+pineapple pizza.  I ask them to cook it well-done, and they usually do.
Once, they forgot the pineapple.  I called and asked for a credit, and they agreed to give me one on my next order.  I always forget to ask for it, but whatever.  It's good pizza when you want it.
I always feel like 3-stars looks bad.  It's not.  The place is good and you should order from it.Colonial has decent but pretty standard-issue neapolitan pizza, and a big variety of the usual Philly-style junkfood (average cheeseteaks, decent fries, surprisingly good gyros and platters, et alia). This would not make it stand out, much, but every year we have an event where we order a gigantic pile of food for a roomful of people, and for years and years we have ordered from Colonial, and every year they get the order exactly right and deliver within 45 minutes or so, which considering the volume of food is really impressive. So they get a bump for reliability over their competitors on this end of the pizza-junkfood spectrum. Thanks, Colonial.I lived in University City for 3 years, and went through the pizza shop circuit. I swore by Best House since back when it was the Wurst House, but their service is so atrocious I decided to never give them a penny again. Thats when I moved on to Colonial.
The food at colonial isnt that bad. Pizza is nothing to rave about, but its decent. They use good toppings, so I usually went that way. They make great breakfast sandwiches too, they're perfect for lazy hungover sunday mornings. I was also a huge fan of the chicken ceaser wrap, and the chicken cheesesteak, which is chopped up grilled chicken as opposed to processed chicken "slices." 
The best thing by far about Colonial though is the service. They are super friendly, always polite, the delivery is never slow (a bad day is 45 minutes, most days are closer to 10-15 minutes). After getting burned by Worst House every other time, this was a refreshing place. 
If you're in the market for a regular pizza joint, Colonial is a great West Philly option.The pizza was good but the service was terrible. I had a meat lovers pizza. I waited for them to call my name like everyone else, never called me later in the my weight I finally went up nicely always been waiting for you. It was sitting there for a long time.Had a few slices of plain pizza last night and it was awesome. Super hot out of the oven, a little greasy, but you eat one and want like 10 more slices. The crust is kind of thin and hard, not doughy. I've had their food in the past and it was ok - i think maybe the pizza is best when it's piping hot? Overall, the staff seems very nice and they seem to value the neighborhood. Definitely beats out the other basic local pizza joints.As a mens organization, who has lived 1 block away. We have been going to Colonials for over 10 years ever since our chapter originated.
Their consistently in the quality, and the service(10 minutes!!!! How can you be that fast?) is what sets them apart.
They are always willing to work with us for our various events, helping us with food and helping us make a difference.
Most notably Colonial Pizza has always been more than willing to donate auctionable  items including pizzas, gift cards etc, to help our chapter at our philanthropic events.
Never a dull moment, with these guys' help we have made an impact on two major causes: The Boys and Girls Club of America and Prostate Cancer Research.
Thank you for always being there and making an Impact
Phi Kappa PsiI have lived less than a block away from Colonial Pizza for 2 years now and somehow I missed this gem.
The pizza is GOOD and the toppings are fresh and the guy behind the counter isn't a d*ck. The wings are also freakin' delicious (and he lets you mix sauces. love that).
I'm chuckin the deuces to all the other pizza places in West Philly. I wish I had known soonerAs far as 43rd Street pizza places go, Colonial serves up my favorite slice. The little corner shop is a favorite haunt of local cops, who seem to hang out for a while with a meatball sandwich watching the television, while their cruisers sit awkwardly parked outside. It's also right next door to a tattoo parlor, whose workers seem to frequent the place during the day. 
The staff is always attendant and friendly, and though they don't offer the quickest service around, they're still my favorite staff in the neighborhood. They carry all the beers we, as pizza-eating Philadelphians desire, and I'd recommend the hoagies in a hot secondI am writing this while rage-eating a pizza that I can't even enjoy. This is usually my go-to place (especially since Allegro's stopped offering Hawaiian), but... no. Not after this BS.
I placed my order on grubhub, and was a little annoyed when the email confirmation told me it would take an hour to get my small pizza. Almost exactly an hour later, I got a call from Colonial telling me that their driver was trying to get in touch with me. I told the girl that I had not gotten any calls from the driver, and ran downstairs, but he was already gone. There was someone on the porch waiting for one of my neighbors, so I got roped into pointless small talk while barefoot in January. Thanks, Colonial.
Over 15 minutes later, Colonial called back to tell me that they were waiting for the driver to call THEM back. The guy was just driving around, ignoring his employer. When, after another 5 minutes, the driver finally showed up, he just said "they gave me the wrong number," and walked away. Obviously not true since they were calling me. And of course, since I tipped on the card through grubhub, I'd have to call them to have the tip removed, so this guy is probably getting some money he absolutely does not deserve. Now my pizza is cold, I am angry, and I'm back to Allegro's.Hands down the best pizza in Philadelphia. Nay sayers, may clamor about Allegro Pizza or some South Philly pizza place, but these guys aren't trying to re-invent the NYC slice. These guys are their own deal -- fresh ingredients, great crust, tasty sauce and quality cheese in each of their pies. Sandwiches and sides are great as well. 
Whenever I have ordered it for meetings my coworkers always remark about how good it is and ask where did it come from. 
The best thing about Colonial is their friendly staff. Only reason they may be slow is because this place is hopping. 
Great place, great pizza. Keep it up guysI've eaten waaaay more cheeseburgers from Colonial over the years than I care to admit. (Like, the delivery guys notice when I change my hairstyle.) But for a neighborhood take-out place, they were really good. 
Then I ordered one last week, and it was gross. Like, super-cheap frozen meat gross. I wondered what was up, and apparently there are new owners. 
So sad!We used a living social deal to order an extra-large cheese pizza and while we can't complain about the price we paid for it, we both found the pizza to be far too salty for our palate. If you like pizza that has a saltier flavor than this could be the place for you but personally my wife and I will not be ordering pizza from here again.Colonial is a really solid classic pizza joint in West Philly. There's not many other options in the area for a good pie, so sometimes they can get a bit busy on the high demand times like Friday nights or football Sundays but they've always been great at churning out orders in a reasonable time.Great hoagies, quick delivery, typical corner pizza place.  
I typically order tuna hoagie, or a cheesesteak.I absolutely LOVE this wonderful neighborhood restaurant. Their food and attention to detail is always spot on- I love their BLT's (sooo fresh), pizza, and chicken cheesesteaks- this place is my GO-TO....I have been a regular for several years and they have never once gone astray in terms of their customer service. I don't remember there ever being a time where my order was wrong and they have recently really stood up to the plate in accommodating some needy food-allergy related type requests. From a consumer's perspective I couldn't be happier with the treatment I've received from this staff/establishment.I've tried a lot of the other random pizza places in the university city/west philly area. Colonial is actually my favorite when all I want is a standard sausage pizza, and I want it in a reasonable amount of time. The mozzarella sticks and poppers aren't too shabby either.Best cheesesteak in West Philadelphia, top 10 in the whole city. Buffalo chicken, philly special, classic, they're all stuffed with flavor on the best bread in town. The other stuff on the menu- wings, fries, pizza- are all good as well, and most of the area is around the same price point for appetizers and such. Definitely more worth it that some places just because the portions are great and leftovers are a certainty! 
Most recently I got the spaghetti with meat sauce and the platter was huge. Took me 3 tries to finish the whole thing and the sauce was flavorful, the spaghetti wasn't over cooked and it was a great choice for take out! I don't live on that block anymore, but sometimes I miss the wings and cheesesteak Sundays I'd have with Colonial Pizza.Completely Dissatisfied. They sent us the wrong pizza. We ordered a plan pizza with ricotta cheese, and got send some "colonial special" with mushrooms, sausage, and other toppings. I cannot eat mushrooms and my roommate is Kosher and cannot eat pork products. When we called they were completely disrespectful, and when I told them I was going to leave a review: they threatened a law suit for slander and defamation. I will never eat here again, and recommend that no one else does either.I ordered once. For only one reason: my boyfriend and I walked by one day and he said there was a colonial pizzas he used to get food from and he wondered if it was the same owner (i dont know if it is or not). 
we walked in got a menu and picked up a 6 pack, not pricey and really nice staff! 
we got delivery a few days after and my buffalo chicken cheese steak was really good. my bf got a mushroom cheese steak with pepperoni and it was SO much better than mine. with a side of curly mega fries!?! are you kidding me?!!? curly fries +1,000,000 pts... mega CURLY fries?!?! chyea!!!
oh and it got delivered quickly and it was still hot when we got it.. plus the cheese steaks were much larger than regular sized sandwiched you typically get from like a lunch truck.. the bread wasnt mushy or soggy. it was fresh, crisp and delicious!
next time pizza!Well, this review is long over due. Just some background info about myself, I like to think I'm a wing-aficionado. And I can absolutely say with confidence that Colonial has the TOP WINGS in the city. I've eaten wings from pretty much all over, and nothing beats Colonial's bbq wings. They are meaty, nice size, and most importantly, the bbq sauce is directly on point. 
Also, Telly (the owner) is a stand up guy. We have a good rapport. Get this, he even recognizes my phone number when I call in. 
BEWARE- dont order online. The website charges extra for menu items plus an additional online order fee. I wasn't aware of this until it was brought to my attention by someone at the restaurant. Telly confirmed that the prices were higher and that he didn't understand why ppl wouldn't call and place the orders to save themselves a few bucks. 
Cheese Steak: Colonial takes the lead over Greek Lady (another fav place of mine to get a classic Philly Cheese Steak (PCS). My order is fairly normal for a guy who was raised here: Chicken CK, black pepper, ketchup, mayo, mustard, fried onion, and toasted roll (emphasis added). The toasted roll just sets it all off. I always get an order of onion rings-or cheese onion rings when I've run a few extra miles at the gym that day. 
Simply put, there's nothing more I can say other than I'm glad to have found my default restaurant for those days/nights after work and I'm in the mood for something flavorful and a wonderful staff. 
Disclaimer: I've lived in the surrounding neighborhood almost all of my life. I have been through numerous owner/management changes. Telly is definitely the best owner I've experienced and he genuinely cares about his brand and reputation.While I was in Philadelphia I stayed in West Philly and ordered hot wings and french fries through grub-hub. I have to say this place has the best hot wings known to man. I'm from New York where the food is almost always good so it takes a lot for me to give a place five stars but this establishment definitely deserves it. Anyone looking for a good takeout place for a night in with the girls or guys, I suggest ordering from here. I haven't tried anything else here but I would say if they could make kick ass hot wings, they probably make everything else good here.Ordered a Veggie Calzone with fresh garlic, no olives, no broccoli. It definitely had olives, yuck. If there was any garlic it wasn't worth $1.50 extra. 30 minutes for pickup seemed a little long. Tasted ok if a little bland.I've ordered delivery from here numerous times and I really like this place because service is prompt. I've never had any issues with any of my delivery orders and their delivery person is really nice. Their pizza is also really good! Try their chicken Caesar salad as well.Menu has a wide variety including Italian items and wings and fries.  Everything we tried was great! Friendly staff too.  Mostly for carryout but there are a few tables.
Looking forward to coming back next time we are in this area.It might be a personal taste sort of thing, but the pizza here is average. If you really don't feel like walking a couple blocks to Allegro's, by all means, walk into this hole-in-the-wall feeling joint to grab a slice or two. They do have beers and a couple tables, so maybe if you sat down and drank enough, you could forget the mediocrity you're ingesting. I haven't tried their other foods, but reading the other reviews, I'll give it a shot sometime and report back then.I love Colonial. I love the eau de "fried" wafting from the giant fan on the side of the building every time I walk past it. And I love that I've lived a block away from it for the last 4 years. 
The pizza here is probably the best standard-pizza-place pizza I've had in Philly (not including that gourmet stuff, of course), and definitely the best in West Philly (Allegro's is decent as well, but their crust is really salty and they're more expensive). I guess that's not saying much, but it's satisfying enough when you really crave pizza but are approximately 93.6 miles from NYC. The BBQ chicken pizza is really good if you're into that kind of thing. And the fried mushrooms are super juicy and fantastic. 
The pizza here is best in whole, hot fresh pie form. Don't get the reheated slices that they sprinkle toppings on before reheating, cause those are kinda gross.This is my go-to pizza place in U City. It took me a long time and lots of trial and error to come across this place.  I get a pepperoni pizza and buffalo chicken tenders and both are awesome.  Pizza isn't too greasy, and not too thick, not too thin. Right in the middle. The quality of the food is consistently awesome. Delivery is ALWAYS on time or early. And they delivery people are competent unlike most delivery people I've dealt with in the past. So glad I found them!I've only experienced their pizza as delivery. Recently, ordered a Chicken Florentine pizza. It took about half an hour to arrive. The chicken pieces were a bit on the dry side. My only quip with their delivery is that by the time the pizza was on my plate ready to eat, it was no longer warm.  My place isn't especially far from their location either. I think it would be good investment if they delivered their pies using those insulated jackets.i live in west philly, i always order from here when i want pizza. really solid quality pizza. tastes good and just all around good. would recommendI was excited to order my tuna sandwich since I usually order from here. Mostly everything is just right... The flavorful tuna, crisp vegetables, the warm wrap . Unfortunately,while biting into my delicious sandwich this time, I look and there is a bug crawling out of the tuna. Nothing is too good to be true. This permanently left a bad taste in mouth.A favorite of anyone who went to Penn or spent time in West Philly.
The owners/workers are the nicest people and they remember most people even if you've been gone for two years.
The cheese steaks are solid and stuffed. Their Italian hoagies is my favorite in the city where subway is just for out of towners. Wings are crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. They are real wings, not just a piece of the wing, Philadelphians know the difference.
Lots of beverage choices including beers.