Always great service.  Ian and Sarah are awesome.  Actually, all the bartenders are great but those two are usually there when I am.  Food is always outstanding.  Brunch is great.  Awesome value and outstanding Bloody Marys.  Great beer selection.  The First Firkin Friday events are a lot of fun.  I still have to check out the spelling bee.  I'll lose but oh well.Best damn toast I have ever had, the brunch was good but I would go back just to eat the delicious God damned toast. Oh and the croutons, don't get me started on the croutons just go try them yourselves.This place is amazing! 
Cook and Shaker is located in a residential type neighborhood on an unsuspecting corner and all you really see is a small local bar when you walk in. When you get to the food, it's like BAM!
What a surprise! They have all types of different specials on the menu each night and use locally sourced ingredients and they create such delicious specials! We also LOVE tater tots and this place does them right! If you come during happy hour - they're half off (along withe the other appetizers)! They also do drink specials.
My husband actually got the ravioli with chicken, which is on their regular menu and really enjoyed it! I was lucky enough to snag the ravioli on special with shrimp and cherry tomatoes! It was so good and the raviolis in both were so filling! The homemade aioli with the tater tots are equally delicious!
It was so good that we can back the next day for lunch and so happened to catch the happy hour on Saturday.  I got their loaded tots, which was like a nachos situation, but had everything on the side so my husband's picky palate could also enjoy - i liked the plain ones better, but for half off, they were worth a try! I also got the special for that day - a Kobe beef burger with mushrooms and gravy with curly fries. So yum! The first one I got actually was a bit too burnt on the outside and undercooked on the inside so I felt terrible to ask, but they made me a whole new order. It was so nice and completely unnecessary. My husband went with his ravioli again and thoroughly enjoyed it the second time around too.
We would come back here in a heartbeat the next time we are in the neighborhood!Food 4+, ambiance 3- .. I want to really like this place, I know that it means well, they have good intentions.  The food is good, but they lose some points for the confused interior.    
We split a spring roll app, and each had the gnocchi and the eggplant-ball sandwich.  Everything was tasty.  We were satisfied, not blown away, but not disappointed.  Not over frilled and thrilled; basic "comfort" food, but nothing like mom's kitchen.  I would like to come back at some point and try some of the other items on the menu, everything looked pretty tasty.  I only tried one mixed drink, and I wasn't particularly impressed - not here nor there.  The beer selection is okay.
The interior is nice, except for the radioactive glowing jukebox that casts a horrible neon blue light everywhere.  And the TV screens.. sorry fellas just get rid of them!  It just sends a confusing message as to what type of place you are.  You're definitely not a sports bar, so you shouldn't have two screens with different games on.  If the TVs were done away with and the neon lights were turned off, I think this place would be a fantastic place to come and eat or drink.The food is DELICIOUS!! I've been looking for a great local spot for a while now, and I've found it. The Gnocchi is soo good, highly recommended. We also got the Buffalo Brussel Sprouts for an appetizer and we practically licked the plate clean. The chili is great as well. I'm looking forward to going back and trying other things that have been reviewed on here. 
Also, the waitress was really sweet and helpful. Since I live a little deeper into Fishtown, its hard to find a great spot that is walkable. This is my new to-go!!Great local place to grab a drink and a bite to eat. Stoked to have this place close by.Great place to stop if you want a good hamburger or big salad. They have a fair amount of beers on tap too. Excellent beer and light snacks. I personally like their cidar beer. Good daily specials.I recently visited this place for the first time.  I was really impressed. Great beer selection and amazing happy hour special. The food was great and the service on point. Def coming back here again.The buffalo brussel sprouts are to die for. Crispy & delicious. Really good drinks too!Went here with my wife and two friends from out of town last night. The place was beautiful - they did a great job on the remodel, especially with the gorgeous copper ceiling and bar lights.
Nice craft beer list - my wife asked about mocktails since she's pregnant - she just asked to have the bartender surprise her, and what came back was delicious! 
The buffalo fried Brussels sprouts were absolutely delicious, and the black bean hummus was very tasty. Our friend who had the chili couldn't say enough good things about it. My roast pork sandwich was superb - an my wife's meatloaf sandwich was awesome! The tots were great, and the fries were also superb - hot, crispy, dusted with fresh parsley. Service was awesome, prices were good (comparable to Memphis Taproom) - I look forward to going back at happy hour to try some more of the drinks (I had a beer off of their very nice draft list but the cocktails looked amazing).
Great food, good prices, great addition to our neighborhood. The bright glowing jukebox was a little off-putting, but that was our only complaint all evening. We'll definitely be back soon!Had dinner here. The gnocchi was quite good. I should have stopped eating about half way through. I did not do that though.One of my favorite spots in Port Fishington. Try their gnocchi with chicken. Their drinks are really good, not too sweet. What I like the most is that they're not going for that trendy look. It's just a neighborhood bar with great food and drinks.I've visited the cook and shaker several times, and one theme keeps coming to my attention: Cook and Shaker does a very good job with minimum.  That's not a critism.  The beer list is small but I've always found something I like ($5 Bell's Two Hearted is a sure crowd pleaser).  The menu is small, but intentional.  I ordered the flat iron steak, and it came out perfectly cooked.  For $15, it was truly an excellent dinner. The cocktail menu is good, and most drinks clock in at $8.
Bar staff is a little slow, especially with the cocktail drinks.  There was almost no multitasking going on with the service, but I expect that to get better with time.  The bar is small, but the space feels fine unless the place is really packed.  And there are 2 TVs, so this could be a viable spot to catch some Flyers or Phillies.
Overall, Cook and Shaker is not offering much new, but I like the effort and thought put into the little things.Always adequate.  Tots are king.  Come hungry and leave with a smile.I have to say I'm pretty blown away by all of these incredible reviews. I've been to this joint probably under a dozen times or so and I haven't been even close to impressed. Eh, on one hand the food, though over priced at times, has been good. The apps are decent and the deal at happy hour for food and drinks is what's kept me going there more than once. On the other hand the atmosphere is dreadful. It looks unfinished, and it's super cramped. It's almost as if they just threw a bar and some tables into a living room of a house they just moved into and have had no time to make it look like a home yet. I've had a couple of good bartenders there but can't say much about the rest of the staff. There was a group of people in there one night laughing and having a good time and the owner? Ended up asking them to leave. Again the place is cramped, and mind you it's a bar. People like to eat, drink, have a great time and unwind, but you can literally hear everyone's conversation at any given point. It's awkward and uncomfortable. It's not the only time I've seen the staff be rude to a customer. If it weren't for the food being good, this place would get zero stars. 
Pros- food and happy hour.
Cons- literally everything else. Atmosphere, staff, location, $$$, etc.Great summer beers on tap . Refreshing sangria . Food made to order and accommodates any request .This is a difficult review.  I LOVE the staff.  they are really friendly and helpful with beer and food.  
But the vegetarian food is, meh.
nothing special.  if they did one veggie dish really well i would be 5 *.  the mushroom sandwich is what i usually get and its fine but nothing i look fwrd to.  the veggie sandwich is weird.  i was excited to try it but too many things going on for it to work.  
I have heard great things about the meat eaters section of the menu.  and again the staff is awesome!Gotta say, Cook and Shaker has gotten so much better since opening. They've weeded out the weird staff. Everyone who works there now is very friendly. The food is really good, almost surprisingly good - especially for the price. Highly recommended for a casual dinner and beer.Best perogies and kielbasa I've ever had, and they have Gnomegang on draft! Good hidden spot.I got the gluten free gnocchi and it was spectacular. Couldn't stop eating it. As I am writing this I'm thinking of taking another bite. Yep. Just did it. Yummmmm
The tater tots are good too!I am a big fan of their instagram, and it looks like their daily specials are insane. The one that we came for was good (french onion bison burger), but I think we have to come back at a time where we're really excited to try what they are offering for the day.
My boyfriend got a happy hour beer, and I just got a can the bartender recommended since I didn't like anything they had for happy hour. Honestly, it was pretty trash for a $7 can, but hey I tried it.
Apps were also half off, so we split their fried pickles, they were quite good. My boyfriend got their grilled cheese and really liked it. Like I said, I'm excited to come back and get a special that I'm more excited to try.Tots.
Tots, tots tots. Tots tots tots Tots tots-tots. Tots!!
Oh, and the cocktails and barstaff are equally brilliant. Come here for Sunday brunch! (Currently not available on Saturdays)This restaurant was the perfect bar/ comfort food that I needed while visiting Philadelphia. A lot of the food that I had while in fishtown was very fancy, and I just wanted something covered in cheese that wasn't necessarily healthy. The house tater tots were absolutely delicious. My boyfriend ordered the fish and chips and although he wished you got a little more fish, he thought it was really good. I ordered a fruity drink that was rum based. The bartender warned me that it contained 3 shots, which I was very appreciative of. I can honestly say it was the strongest drink I've ever had in one sitting. It was really good, but strong  so far this is my favorite place that I've been to on my visit. Hoping to return to try the blueberry mojitoReally enjoyed our meal here. Bar atmosphere but quiet enough to have a conversation with a friend. Beer options were varied and they had a sweet pear cider on tap that was yum! One downside was their poutine. It wasn't exactly terrible, just not that good; portion size was small, curds were cold and steak tips were overdone. Not impressed at all with that and I wouldn't recommend it, especially not for the $16 price tag!This place is down the block from my house. The food is always amazing, and they have a grilled cheese special everyday. All of the servers are sweet as pie and the atmosphere is cozy and laid back. We recently had a baby and bring him here with us with no issue. Can't say enough good things. I prefer over the other local gastropubs
ESP love servers Val and AshleyPeople kept telling me to check this place out and I'm glad I did!
Tots are delicious. Cocktails are too. Dug the vibes. All around good place.Our bartender was so sweet and beautiful! We were unsure of what to order but she asked what we normally liked and hand crafted us some of the most amazing cocktails I've ever tasted! The Buffalo sprouts were delicious and we ordered one of the food specials which was also excellent. It was a great place to watch the Iggles game and Kelly was a superb host. We'll be back!Really great brunch, and a long list of truly inventive cocktails.  Updated, modern pub grub, this place is a total keeper.  I had the breakfast tots, which came with cheese sauce, eggs, bacon and sides of freshly made salsa and guac. Others at the table had biscuits with chorizo gravy, and the Cubano sandwich, both of which were executed with deftness and aplomb. Can't wait to go back.Ah, Cook and Shaker...My husband and I were stalking this restaurant for MONTHS on Instagram, drooling over their photos. 
I brought my husband here for his birthday in September and we were SO amped to finally try it! I actually feel guilty leaving three stars, but here's the deal...
Their tater tots alone are 5/5 stars. Simply amazing. Small, light, salty, airy and crispy; they taste like McDonalds breakfast hash browns, but better! I would come here just for those, they are addicting. 
The customer service was great. I wasn't greeted at first (and it wasn't crowded at all for a Tuesday night) but our waitress was extremely nice and food came out quick.
The rest of the food we ordered.. eh.  By the looks of their Instagram photos the food looked as if it would be out of this world, but that wasn't the case. The buffalo brussels sprouts were SOAKED in sauce and not enjoyable. Too soggy and spicy to actually taste the vegetable underneath. Normally we devour any buffalo related dish but we left some on the plate and did not finish. 
My cheeseburger was just OK; cooked a little too well (ordered medium), and it was a bit dry. Nothing special to be honest. 
My husband ordered a fried chicken sandwich, which was also just OK.  It was plain and lacked flavor - you needed a dressing on the side to spice it up. 
I'm skeptical about giving Cook and Shaker a second shot, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't try it! I'm not hating on this restaurant, as they appear to be a staple in the area and they do have good customer service... it just personally wasn't for my husband and I. We had really high hopes.It's an okay bar , I have visited on four differ occasions and the food is ok nothing to brag about, I wish they would use less oil to cook and less salt too !! The drinks are great and fairly priced !Very nice and wonderful staff.  The food is awesome...ordered the flank steak medium rare and it was cooked perfectly.  The wife ordered the vegetarian gnocchi which were incredible!   This is a welcome addition to Fishtown (ok adjacent).One of the best brunches in Philly, great cocktails, and phenomenal bar snacks. I highly recommend Cook & Shaker!Great corner spot. The neighborhood is still eh... But the minute you walk in the door you know it's gonna be good. Good decor, corner bar but nicer. 
Our waitress was great. Friendly and helpful with the menu. 
Food was awesome. We got a ton of stuff. Meatloaf sandwhich. Pulled pork fries. Buffalo Brussels sprouts, wings... Everything was great! 
Good drinks too &&& big beer selection!tasty drinks, generous servings of food, chill ambience. great bar for small group of people hanging out. staff are super nice and personable.Simple yet interesting menu. Loved the drinks based on some classic books. The Tequila Mockingbird was a nice drink. Their mojo to, called The Last of the Mojitos, was delicious!I really love this place.  Its the perfect mix of everything I want in a neighborhood bar.  The food is really good and while some items are standard, some aren't, and let's be real.. any place that has TATER TOTS gets a high five!  Menu favorites thus far:  Tots (duh) Roast pork sandwich, vegetable spring rolls, oven roasted wings, and not sure if this will be an addition to the menu or if it was a special but the bbq pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw was a homerun.  
Service has always been quality and the bartenders and service take a moment to introduce themselves.  Sarah even greeted my brother and I when we came back a week later and remembered our names and what we like to drink.  It's little things like that that have become a disconnect at a lot of places and I really enjoy when I walk in to this place.  
It's got two large tv screens and is very clean.  Bathroom A+.  Nice bottle and draft selection.  Their happy hour special rules with 1/2 priced apps and on Sundays after 5pm you can get any sandwich and a pint for $12.  I'm convinced I need to go every Sunday and try a different sandwich.
Well... I'm a huge fan.  Go check this place out.One of my go to spots in the neighborhood! Great beers and comfort food. I'm constantly checking out their intsagram page for specials, you should too!Great neighborhood spot. Their cocktails are amazing and their beer selection never fails. Their menu items are all wonderful and the staff is super friendly.Went with a group of friends, we had a great time!!  Staff was knowledgeable and friendly and the food was GREAT!!  I enjoyed
 the spring rolls and the tater tots are the best!!  Will eat here again!Had the Meatloaf, gf had a burger, and our friend had the veggie sandwich. We also ordered the spring rolls.
Friendly and attentive staff.
Tots were yumz and the fries were some of the best I've had in the area (thin cut).
The rest of the food was ok, not great. 
Also, butter pickles are for nazis and killed my food boner when I detected their presence on my sandwich. 
Hopslam on tap was a huge plus but we prob won't go back for a full meal as there r a lot of better choices locally.
Would totally go back for just fries and a beerThis is a good local place. Good beer list, yummy snacks and sandwiches (how can you not love a place that has a grilled cheese special every day?) Cheerful good service. Happy hour goes til 7 with beer, cocktail and food specials.  Highly recommended.Well we can't say to much about Cook and Shaker -- we only were there after a Fishtown Beer Runners run so our visit consisted of a couple free High Life's and we were on the road. 
BUT, since we're here. The space was great, albeit jammed with sweaty runners. As did the food, I noticed some smothered tater tots which  are still calling my name ... 
C&S has a solid and deserving buzz surrounding it ...Sick of the options in lower fishtown we ventured above York to find this great spot. The pirogies were as good as I have had in the city. The drinks were flowing and the staff were very present, there to refill your drink and converse with you. Feels like a corner bar with far better than average foodHidden gem in Kensington! Great beer selection and great food flavors. The house special tots are awesome and a must have. So far we've gone twice and had the pulled pork cheese fries, the tots, fish and chips, burger, and the pierogies. The fish and chips and pierogies were my favorite, overall highly recommend!This place was great! It's just two blocks from my friend's place and in an up and coming neighborhood. We stopped by to watch the Eagles unfortunately lose, but the drinks were icy and refreshing and the food was delicious. I got the modern royale cocktail, which was a little tart but in a good way. We shared the onion rings with Siracha ketchup and tater tots with garlic aioli. The only complaint about the food was that there was a touch too much garlic in the aioli. As for the atmosphere, it definitely needs to develop a little more character. They made a good start but there isn't really a cohesive theme. They should play up their neighborhood connection. I definitely plan to visit again however.Great neighborhood bar vibe with great food, great drinks and a good beer list. The bartenders (we sat at the bar) we're very friendly and know their stuff. The portions were big enough for us and cook very well.Fishtown Beer Runners invaded last nite, and usually a new place has issues with a large crowd. Not Cook and Shaker. They were prepared. Beer was flowing with great service. They served the beer in glass jar mugs with glass handles. WOW, extra 2 points for that. Had the dark Yards. Excellent. Place is all new with that new metal ceiling. Way cool. Had food w/ 3 people. Vege Spring Rolls: a 10, non-greasy, but crispy, with fresh vegetables inside..Amazing. Friend had the chicken legs/wings...Baked, not greasy, perfect. Also, had the 3-bean Vege Chili...just the right mix of beans and vegetables, perfect. Eggplant sandwich, another winner, on Brioche, great flavors. I'm back.I give them 5 stars in comparison to similar gastro-pub style bars in the area.
The hipster wave hasn't passed Cumberland Street yet (I'm looking at you Memphis Taproom) so this is the last bastion of  a "normal" beer loving, food loving people's bar.
They have excellent cocktail specials for those who are not into beer, and the food is as good as one could ask for from a bar.
The buffalo fried brussel sprouts are spot on, as well as the black bean humus.Stopped in with the family for a small birthday celebration.  On a Tuesday evening it wasn't crowded & not too noisy, which made it very pleasant.  We all had drinks at the bar which were all good.   One of the cocktails was cheaper as it was happy hour -  a nice surprise.  Dinner was good: we had the Brussel sprouts, pulled pork fries and the deep fried pickles for appetizers.  All were well prepared & tasty.  The entrees included vegetarian eggplant meatball sandwiches and meatloaf sandwiches.  They came with tater tots which were really good.  The food was great & the bill reasonable.  Service was also very good.  Can't wait to go back.Another great time at Cook & Shaker!
Happy hour drinks and specials were awesome!  I love the cozy, fun atmosphere & delicious food!  Definitely one of my favorite places to visit!!Going back ;) the drinks are awesome and food is different and yummy .Nice lil spot to go to just unwind and relax with friends . It's small but cool . See ya soonWent there for drinks and dinner on a Wednesday night. The place has a great vibe and a nice little bar area. Their beer and drink selection was a pleasant surprise. I had a delicious meatloaf sandwich that came with tater tots---yum.  My wife had a very well prepared Gnocchi dish.  This is an awesome addition to the neighborhood!! I can't wait to go back and try something else from their bar and menu.I'll give a three, my friends enjoyed it but my plate was just not good. I had the egg Benedict which had crab meat and asparagus,  but not much crab meat and I was crunching n pulling shells out of my mouth. They open at 11 for brunch and the place filled immediately,  being so I ended up with just oil or butter soaked home fries that were just a pile of mush and not edible.  My friends were all happy with theirs and they apparently have good maple syrup, I've never seen a grown man so in awe of syrup.  The food portions are pretty big also. They also DO NOT have wi-fi!Recently went here for brunch with a large group.  (10+).  I hadn't been here before, so I wasn't sure of the size, it is probably your average sized neighborhood bar.  
The staff was very accommodating and pushed together tables for us, which I really appreciated.
Our server was very nice and patient with us.  I got the chicken and biscuits which was realllly good.  The coffee was also a good quality.  My friend got the "breakfast tots" which were amazing.  (However, I would've like an over easy egg on them instead of scrambled- but that's just me)
Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood and I'd definitely go back again.wow. so great. everything from the ambiance to the drinks to the food. we got chicken and waffles, eggs, and tater tots. I will absolutely come here again.A neighborhood staple with great specials and well-executed food. Sunday nights they have a special on any sandwich and pint for $12. Weeknight happy hours have half off all appetizers and beer/cocktail specials. There is always a grilled cheese of the day. The fried chicken sandwich, daily grilled cheese, or the eggplant "meatball" parm sandwich are my usual go-to's. Appetizer favorites include the broccoli rabe sauteed with cannellini beans and garlic, tater tot nachos, and pulled pork cheese fries. They rotate craft drafts and have a very nice bottle list that you can take-out if you live close and would like to pay a premium and the beer distributor is closed. Their tots are good, the side salad is good too, but I'm a sucker for their fries as they are a crispy shoestring which resembles McDonald's. They rotate through local artists on their walls and have a Firkin Fridays on First Fridays for their art opening and have specials on their firkin of the month.My husband and I stopped in on a rainy Tuesday night to grab a beer and a bite to eat. We loved everything about this bar!  Cozy atmosphere , our bartender Brittany was super friendly,  cider was delicious and the food was excellent . We will definitely be returning .Wow! I drove by this place a few weeks ago and I'm so glad we made it a point to stop tonight. Let me just say we live no where near this place. I'm so glad we stopped! The food and service were excellent. I would sacrifice my driveway and space to have a place like this locally. Love the tin ceiling, it's a little bright for a bar but hey, it's also a restaurant.
We arrived early on Tuesday night around 530. We ordered the spring rolls, you can tell they were house made, very good! My wife ordered the meatloaf and said it was excellent. She was happy they made special accommodations for her. She wanted mixed veggies on the side, no problem. They even made a special meal for the little one as they don't have a kids menu. I had the kielbasa and perogies. Wow were they good. I'm not sure if they are house made but they sure seem like it. The kielbasa was grilled to perfection with a slight char. I know it's not the fanciest meal but it sure was good. Our server Ashley was great! Very attentive, even as it started to get busy. She even gave us coins to stop back in for 2 free drinks. 
In all we will return to cook and shaker. We were pleasantly surprised. We may try this weekend for brunch.I recently went to Cook and Shaker for the first time.
It was the day after Thanksgiving so it was a little slow, but there were several tables just drinking.
My friend and I ordered the Buffalo fried brussel sprouts as an appetizer and it was great. It was more than enough for my friend and I and we could have shared it if we had a larger party.
The owner suggested the meatloaf and while I probably never would have ordered it without her suggestion, the sandwich was amazing! It came as a sandwich which threw me off for a second, but it was delicious! The serving size was huge and came with my choice of side (I picked tater tots of course). 
I asked our server (who was super friendly) if they had an sour beers on tap (my favorite) and she quickly pointed out the best option. The beer was exactly what I wanted.
The atmosphere is comfortable, with a tv above the bar and an electronic jukebox. We were told they have a spelling night which sounds really fun.
I'll definitely be back to try other things on the menu and more beer, of course.So, these guys are new to the hood, and trailblazing the gentrification of North FTown, or Kensington - I forget which - they all blend together. Went there after it first opened. But got their late on a Friday and they'd run out of most of the stuff. We did get the wings - I prefer them a little crispier (but didn't order them that way, so I guess that's on me). Bar was bumping, and the beer selection was great. 
Next time we went - had the buffalo brussels - and yes, they are what folks say they are. Delicious, and leave you wanting more more more. 
Heading there again tonight -We are Young Urban Professional Puerto Ricans  (YUPPRs) who seriously LOVED this Spot!
The spring rolls were AMAZING!, my cousin had the Mushroom burger w/fries & he says "it was good" "estaba muy rico", For my entree,Grilled chicken was flavorful and soooo tasty --just AMAZING--. 
DEFINITELY Suggest this Spot.
Ambiance was really chill and the people in the entire place are super nice. 
I am looking forward to nicer weather so I can walk over, relax and enjoy some of their drinks or specialty beers.I didn't wanna like this place at first, because I was sad to see the Chug a Mug go.  I had two bad experiences here when it first opened.  Ok, I wouldn't say bad, but just lame, uninspired food.  However, the last two times I've been here. My food and service has been excellent.  One dinner and one brunch visit. I'd take this spot over Memphis Tap any day of the week.  Solid option, give it a shot.Best wings in the city! Easily! I had such a good time during Cook and Shaker's happy hour. Not only was the menu top notch in terms of selection but the delivery was even better. I got the buffalo Brussel sprouts and dry rubbed wings. Each were just incredible! The best beers were well priced and the service was excellent! Since this place is so tightly tucked in the corner of Fishtown/Port Richmond, it's rarely busy! This is a definite spot for brunch or a beer after work!The ambience was nice. Had great Tater Tots, especially with their chipotle ranch. It was so good, we even ordered a separate order of it. Got their ravioli with chicken. Had a few vegetarian options, and even the ravioli dish had a vegetarian version. There was just one waitress, and customers tended to be quite loud. They also do not have honey mustard.Was at an art show and decided to yelp for a place to eat and drink. Found this lil gem, menu was original and drinks were delicious! The waitress wass super friendly and helpful. I decided to get the buffalo brussel sprouts.. yum and tequila mockingbird-- drink was super small but strong.. pics of both added to review.My husband and I have eaten here about once a week or so since they opened a few months back.  It started out mediocre but has consistently improved in food presentation, quality, and portions since then.
It has a mixed crowd, which is refreshing in this area.
I love the buffalo sprouts.  The burger and meatloaf sandwich are both decent.  Oh, and they have nacho tots!  They are Fatty approved.Went there like a week or so ago. Had a really nice waitress, great bbq meatloaf, and had Mad Elf on draft (which got me nice and wasted).Great beer, tots, and fires. Overcooked fish n chips. Beef filet with gruyere was good overall but a bit over flavored. Lovely zeppolis. 
BTW: They should consider burning some sage. It might help with the hateful spirits the whole town seems to exude.Service is tremendous and food is so, so good. Definitely get the tots!! Our waitress was also bartending and still so attentive and accommodating.  My husband did not care for the poutine he ordered and we were given a discount card for next time we come to try something different.  I loved my kielbasa & pierogi entree! Also the happy hour specials are well worth it (half off all appetizers, half off certain beers) -- we will absolutely be back!I was looking for somewhere to go for Sunday brunch and was told to check out Cook and Shaker by a friend. I was not disappointed. It has the quaint hole in the wall atmosphere with some of the most insanely delicious food. I asked our server, who was super cool and didn't hover, but was very attentive, what he would recommend for someone who was nursing a hangover. He suggested the Biscuits and Gravy and holy heaven on a plate it was amazing. The portions are huge and the prices were so, so reasonable. I will 100% be going back and would recommend this place over and over again to everyone!Nice little pub in Kensington-northern Liberti's. Great food. Love the deep fried pickles wedges with dipping sauce.  And the fries with pulled pork and cheese are a winner!  Meatloaf sandwich, the bbq pulled pork sandwich and good old fashion burger are all top notch.  Choose between tater tots or fries as your side to seal your fate in this great pub fare.This place is great.  Never overcrowded, solid food, a nice beer selection, and the price is right.  I've been here several times and I've yet to have something that I didn't like.  The bartenders and staff are friendly and they play sports on TV which is weirdly pretty rare for the neighborhood.This was the first spot i went to go eat when I reached Philly. It was walking distance from my Air BnB. Really small neighborhood spot with  such a down to earth staff! I will NEVER forget this place because it was the first time i tried fried pickles. They look like Chinese chicken fingers and taste like heaven! The homemade Chipotle sauce and garlic dip that they serve with it is made from crack because we dipped all our food in it and took some to go! The fried chicken sandwich is made with REAL CHICKEN not the artificial chicken used in fast food restaurants. The fries are perfect and so are the tator tots which must be fried in some type of magical crack oil because they are so addictive and drooliscious. For drinks try the tiki punch! The cups they use are sooo cute (they actually have the tiki faces lol). The drinks are strong and well made! Our server Liz was sooo nice and helpful! She wrote down some spots to visit in Philly during our stay ( which went to all of them and had a GREAT time). We even came back on our last day for brunch the food and drinks were so good! For brunch, try the chicken and waffles....i'm pretty sure everything on their menu is amazing. I don't regret going there twice in one week during my stay.Great place. Buffalo Brussel sprouts? Awesome. Meatloaf? Amazing! Pierogies and kielbasa? Yum. Can't go wrong.Stopped by again last night for an early dinner. We arrived just at opening around 315. The food and service were great! We will be back!Cook and shaker is a great spot, the food is ALWAYS solid. They have one of the best happy hours in the area and a very nice beer selection. Kelly is an amazing bartender and makes well done cocktails consistently. They have any sandwich and a beer night on Sundays and each sandwich is unique and delicious. This is our local bar and one of the best in Fishtown, olde Richmond, east Kensington or whatever.Really great brunch place. They just started doing a few months ago. Who wouldn't want a tater tot egg breakfast. I ordered a biscuit with gravy which included a biscuit with fried chicken and egg with chorizo sauce  with potatoes that was great. My boyfriend ordered a Cuban breakfast sandwich and he really liked it and my friend Kelly ordered the other biscuit breakfast sandwich.  We both ordered a a drink and my sriracha Bloody Mary which was very good. The service was great as well. They have both vegetarian and non vegetarian option as well.As I made my way through Philly yesterday and saw the sites and enjoyed local fares I decided to make cook and shaker my final stop before heading back to the big apple. An old friend is the mixologist there so since I have seen such amazing cocktails and food pics
posted I knew I had to go there! Their beer selection was amazing I had a DuClaw and the bartender made an amazing cocktail for
my bf being a bourbon fan we gave him full creative control. We ordered the apps: buffalo style brussel sprouts (which I have been dying to try), veggie spring rolls and loaded tots - all amazing and I had a tried and true bacon cheeseburger cooked to perfection and perfect to have with a beer.Ambiance was chill, dimmed lighting enough to see the awesome food and your friends, good music that I haven't heard in a while which is great.Local crowd sat aroundk enjoying their fare. So glad I got to go and every time I am in Philly I will always stop in!The place has decent food and drinks but the atmosphere is a little boring.I have been drooling over this places instagram photos!! And finally made it.  
Here's the scoop:
Loved the little space. Laid back and comfy. But it is little, anything over 4 people will be a tight squeeze and I would totally call ahead.  
Everything was very reasonably priced.  
Drinks were tasty and they had a mid sized draft list. 
Appetizers: 
Buffalo Brussel Sprouts.  I am not fond of them unless they are WAY cooked.  So I did not love them.   The sauce was good.
Super Sized Tots filled with Cheese and Chive:
If you love a tot, these were good.  Totally filling.  
Dinner:
Filet tip sandwich was HEAVEN!!!! Can't rave about the size and flavor enough.   
Pirogies and kielbasa was delish.  Plenty of food and plenty to take home.  
Definitely a place you must try at least once!