I'm a fan of Cooperage and here's why:
1.  They have a great lunch special.  For $10 you can choose any two from 1/2 salad, 1/2 sandwich and cup of soup.  Get the chicken salad sandwich- you won't be disappointed.  And make sure to order some sweet potato fried. Trust me.
2.  Happy hour!  One of the best happy hours in the neighborhood.  Beer, wine and the specialty cocktail of the day are all discounted.  Plus appetizers!  The bartenders are friendly and you can choose to sit at the bar or at one of the high top tables in the bar area.
3.  Friendly servers.  Only once have I had a problem with the food (my salad was drenched in dressing) but my server apologized and got me a fresh salad in no time at all.This place is great for happy hour, but not for dinner. I've eaten there twice now and I reserved judgement until after eating there the second time. They seem to have an interesting menu... interesting not in a great way... more like weird - to me at least. 
Recently I had their chicken quesadilla, a dish that I believed was pretty hard to mess up. The dish had a sweetness to it that I found unpleasant. 
Their bar is nice and service is great. I'll go for drinks but will try to get a bite to eat at the Cooperage Cafe next door before I'd eat at the restaurant again.Food was great and the atmosphere was even better.
Giving this 3 stars because our waiter, who admitted to being the bartender trainer, had never heard of a drink my friend ordered. It was a variation of the Moscow mule. Very common. Instead of consulting his coworkers or, heck, even his phone, we had to google the drink recipe for him. Absolutely absurdI've just tried the munchies here, but I come for the whisky.  Great selection of Scotch, Bourbon, and other whisky's.  On Saturday's, they do a whisky tasting, give it a try, but anytime you want you can do custom flights.One of the top things that make me happy is finding a great restaurant despite complicated parameters.  The complication being it is New Year's Eve and you want to find a table between 7pm and 8pm in a major city (Philadelphia) that you are visiting for the first time!
With the help of an app to make reservations, we found an 8:30pm reservation at Cooperage Wine & Whiskey Bar.  That other app did have the address incorrect; we walked 15 minutes from my car and found the entrance to be listed at the wrong address.  A quick Yelp search had the entrance on a different street (same building).  After that, we were in!
We arrived around 8:05pm, and they did have a table ready for us.  The place was small but pretty neat.  It had a certain ambiance.  It was trendy but also small, making for a nice atmosphere.  We were sat in a very dark area of the restaurant ... that ambiance comes at the cost of good lighting.  However, the server noticed we were squinting and brought us a tiny little bottle light, which solved that problem.
The drinks are listed on the bottles, with specials on a pad of paper.  We both ordered a Gi Gi Gaggling or something by that name. It was a whiskey with a sweet syrup, but it was quite good!  Not overwhelming, just right.
We started with some chicken nachos, which were awesome.  To my amazement, there was the right amount of chips for the right amount of toppings.  A rarity in the nacho appetizer world, in my experience.
Our entrees were Coop Burgers; each made with toppings and cooked to order.  My burger had herb mayo and sauteed onions, cooked medium. The burger was very flavorful; it tasted like it was a little sausage mixed in, and the server said there were bread crumbs in it as well.  Which explains why the burger was so filling.  I only finished 3/4 of my burger, because was just so filling.
The only negative is that the potato chips on the side were out of a bag; not homemade, like many restaurants offer now.
For both burgers, the nachos, and two drinks, the meal was about $60 before tip.  The server was very helpful and very nice.  I would go back in a heartbeat.I came here for a Allied Philly Event. I was greeted immediately at the door and directed to my seat. When I asked for the specialty items advertised on the Allied Philly FB page the staff was not aware of the items nor did they ask management etc. I guess they didn't want my money?!  But I gave a little to them anyway. I ordered several items a dark nitro beer, cheese steak fries and a pita bread sandwich with chicken. After eating I had to ask server three times about the specials before I suggested she look into it. I was met with a blank stare each time which forced me to ask probing questions.  The server stated several times 'I don't know, my manager didn't tell me. We really don't have anything to do with the event no one told me anything'.  That's when I said 'can you go ask your manager or someone what the specials are?'  In less than a minute she returned to show me two items that were already on the menu, a 'Flyboy' which is a standard menu items. You could order a Flyboy aka Kingsman or a Statesman which was the 'specialty' drink in honor of Kingsman: The Golden Circle with either scotch or bourbon, I opted for the bourbon. I'm sorry but I have a question, 'wouldn't a drink special imply either new, discounted or both?' This drink was neither during happy hour it was $12!? There was a serious disconnect as it relates to the server processing questions and information. Not trying to be rude and if you read any of my other reviews I never say anything disparaging about a server specifically. I discuss the type of service and offer suggestions as to what could be done better. But this person is working in a business where customer service excellence is paramount! But this is not the job for her, (in my opinion) this young lady was totally lost! When working in customer service you have to think fast on your feet or realize that you should ask questions of a management if you don't know something. In this case I don't know if asking someone else would be helpful. I passed on a full dinner because of the service.
As far as the food is concerned it is very good or at least what I had. The cheesesteak fries were loaded with steak and wit! Although I prefer American or Provolone cheese 'wit' wasn't bad at all! Additionally I had the pita with the Chicken, hummus, cucumbers and olives, truly a gem on the Happy Hour Menu.
As for ambience, I like hip hop but the music was not censored or a clean version. Within 1 1/2 hours I heard the 'N' word and the 'F' bomb dropped at minimum 5 times each. YIKES DURING HAPPY HOUR IN CENTER CITY!!! Would I go here again? probably not. But I must admit the food was good.Great place for lunch.  Nice selection of drinks and food.  Really liked the atmosphere.  Waitress was terrific--appropriately social and attentive.  Only negative, and that's looking hard, was finding the entrance--have to enter from the Curtis Center--no entrance from the street.  When you enter from the center, there were no signs.  Asked the guards and at first they seemed mystified as to what we were asking, then pointed the way.  Definitely worth catching for lunch while while touring the area.I love the modern decor of the place and they have a great beer/whiskey selection.  The vibe is mostly after work suits.  
The pulled pork nachos were delicious but they were literally FOUR 'gourmet' nachos so I probably wouldn't get them if you're really hungry.  Luckily, I wasn't.   My boyfriend got the french dip which wasn't anything impressive.  It just tasted like fatty under-seasoned meat on bread.  
The sever was a bit flakey.  She didn't know how to open a beer with a bottle opener.  She couldn't provide any suggestions on the beer because she said she never tried any of them.  She definitely didn't know a thing about whiskey and had to ask us 4x what we ordered and then had us point to it on the menu, then when she brought the whiskey over she couldn't remember which was which.  She was however, really nice so I couldn't really hate her.Unexpectedly awesome.  A friend chose this spot for a late weekend lunch during the holidays.  Other than a few people at the bar it was empty at this off peak time.  Arrived to find a great atmosphere - casual, small & cozy with a diverse menu.  Within our group several specialty cocktails were consumed & all good.  Shared the Cheesesteak Fries, a 1st on a philly menu we had seen and they did not disappoint, yummy.  We all had different entrees and the group mutually agreed the food was really good.  Portions large & the chicken pot pie huge! but delish.  Look forward to dining here again.  Highly recommend!This place had awesome service. I ordered a salad I didn't like, they were very nice about it. Asked me why I didn't like it, let me reorder, and new food came in minutes. Also they gave us a complimentary dessert of fried Oreos (delicious!). Great place and great happy hour. Very cute inside too. Ha was my waitress and she was super sweet!Horrible.  They didn't have enough menus for every person sitting at our party or at the restaurant.  Also, the cocktail menu that they were supposed to have at the restaurant wasn't present due to them "changing the line up for the spring/summer cocktail menu".  Yet the waiter couldn't recommend cocktails from the previous menu.  The cocktails there are horrible.  It took them a while to get our drinks and food.  Then when our party was tallying the tab we showed the waiter on the back of the receipt what card  and how much to charge.  Our bill was 48 bucks.  The waiter charged my wife's card twice and the wrong total for our portion of the bill.  So instead of charging us the 48 bucks, he decided to charge us 132 and the 48.  So we only got the one receipt for the 132 and not the 48.  So now we have to dispute it.  Never again will I go to that restaurant.Came here on New Year's Eve with a few friends to celebrate before seeing the fireworks...at first, I wasn't impressed - my one friend and I tried to order a few different whiskeys and red wines and were told that because it's the end of the month, they didn't have those available. I finally settled on the pinot noir and I have to say, it was quite excellent. The atmosphere was very cozy...and the food was great! At the end of our meal, one of the managers came around and poured us rose's - a very nice touch, and it was delicious!Came here on a Friday night and it was pretty much empty BUT the bartenders and drink selection were on point. Ladies who like sweet drinks should try the cocoa nut. 
P.S ask one of them to clean their glass in front of you!The shrimp quesadilla was pretty good. I also am a big fan of the selection of craft beers, and general ambience of the establishment. Slight knock for being located inside a corporate building, but otherwise a fun spot to hang out with friends or meet for a date.Anthony and Scott were awesome bartenders. Anthony made us some amazing drinks!  Definitely come here!  Ask for AnthonyLove coming to the coop for happy hour! It is my go-to spot. Great drink and food specials. Highly recommend the cheesesteak fries and the happy hour merlot. The atmosphere and staff are fantastic. They really know how to take care of their customers.We arrived too early for a Saturday evening wedding at nearby Downtown Club and it was cold and rainy, so we looked for a place that was walkable to duck in for a quick drink.
I was apprehensive about going to this place because its branding screamed short-lived, tourist-trap, but we found it to be quite pleasant.  It had a cozy, festive vibe, we were sat & served immediately by friendly, accommodating staff and the cocktail that I ordered was absolutely lovely.
Since we didn't have time for it, we did not order food.Small location with small menu of what seems big items. Service ok. Beer limited but ok and just two blocks from market street and hubbub. Big deal is that this building housed the huge Tiffany wall mural and the amazing women sat at the lobby desk was engaged and wanted to tell us about this amazing Curtis building. Enjoy then enjoy.Outstanding from the service/selection to the food. Terrific burger with sweet potato fries and eggplant Parmesan. Perfect timely meal before a show at the Walnut Street Theater.Horrible.  They didn't have enough menus for every person sitting at our party or at the restaurant.  Also, the cocktail menu that they were supposed to have at the restaurant wasn't present due to them "changing the line up for the spring/summer cocktail menu".  Yet the waiter couldn't recommend cocktails from the previous menu.  The cocktails there are horrible.  It took them a while to get our drinks and food.  Then when our party was tallying the tab we showed the waiter on the back of the receipt what card  and how much to charge.  Our bill was 48 bucks.  The waiter charged my wife's card twice and the wrong total for our portion of the bill.  So instead of charging us the 48 bucks, he decided to charge us 132 and the 48.  So we only got the one receipt for the 132 and not the 48.  So now we have to dispute it.  Never again will I go to that restaurant.The space is nice. We got beer and wine which were both fine. The chicken fingers seemed like other frozen chicken fingers I've had. The mustard dip made up for it. We went in the afternoon so it wasn't super crowded.Went here for lunch on a friday afternoon with coworkers and it was a pretty solid burger, not the best ive had but good enough for a quick lunch. I got the veggie burger with the side of chips so nothing spectacular but the food came fairly quickly and left me full.
The decor is actually lovely for a wine and whiskey bar- the copper/mirror detailing is really unique so i caught myself glancing at it every once in awhile.
They have lovely big outdoor seating which is perfect for the warm summer days and they can accommodate nice big happy hour groups as well.Definitely shockingly good.  I didn't expect much out of the space where my former lunch cafe was where we'd play a guessing game as to how many times the guy behind the deli counter would touch his face while serving our food.  
The space is entirely transformed and this is a serious whiskey bar with seriously good food.  So serious that you should prepare to be shamed if you order your whiskey anything but straight or on the rocks.  My boyfriend insisted on Coke being mixed with his $15/shot whiskey and I thought the bartender would actually perish.  
We went on restaurant week and foolishly weren't aware it was restaurant week.  The menu was varied and unlike other places during RW, the service was really, really good.  I like anywhere I can book on Opentable too.  
My date ordered the mac & cheese and when they tell you it's the best in town, I'm going to agree.  It's been a few weeks so I'm forgetting the rest of the choices but definitely get the mac cheese.  The desserts were divine.  The entrees delish.  
Not being a whiskey fan myself, I ordered a few other cocktails and none disappointed.  
We will definitely return and have told many friends since.Cooperage was tricky to find because its address is listed as "601 Walnut St", but it's actually on 7th street.  Luckily my boyfriend and I happened to notice another group of 20-somethings looking confused and beer-deprived, and with all our power combined, we figured out how to get to Cooperage ;-)
 That said, we had a great time.  Loved the decor and atmosphere.  Bartender was very attentive and the service was great.  They had a nice craft beer selection and great $5 Happy Hour snacks! The guacamole is tasty with a spicy kick.  I'd get it again and again. 
We tried to go back for a 2nd visit the next night, but it was super crowded.  Get in while you can!Not bad.  They have some interesting beer on tap, however nothing was really calling out to me on the list.  We moved on after a drink.
The staff was friendly, eager to get us set up with drinks or food.  I was surprised how quiet it was there.  There were only a couple of other small groups on a Friday night. 
I like the look of this place, next time I come by I'll be ordering a cocktail.Their beverages:
Good prices for wine ($8 plus), expensive whiskey!  You are better off ordering a cocktail for $12-$14 than order whiskey a la carte.  The drinks are good though!  
Their food:
We ordered the guac and chips because it seemed everyone was ordering it and it was just bad.  The chips were stale and the guac was bland.  I am definitely not impressed w/ the food.  Another go to I saw was the pulled pork sliders.  I guess those might be okay?  But after what was supposed to be homemade chips (they were store bought), I'm not sure I would order any food here again.  
The outside seating is great, a bit dusty from being outside, but pretty nice on a warm summer night.  I would go back for some drinks only and to sit outside.  The bar inside is also nice.  
While our server was nice, we didn't get napkins for the whole time, even after we asked.
A bit of advice: pair the food with the cocktails.  It's sort of BBQ patio food mixed with 1920s cocktails...where's the olives?A friendly conveniently located pub.   Good beers on tap and nice atmosphere.Love Coop!!!! This is my favorite place to go for happy hour especially in the summer time. Couldn't say enough great things about this place and the manger Kevin and server Maddie!!My wife and I were in Philadelphia for a few days after a conference we attended in King of Prussia.
We were hungry, and this place was a short walk from our hotel.
The atmosphere is really nice when you enter. The lighting is set at a perfect brightness.
My wife ordered a flight of whiskeys, and I had a cocktail. She enjoyed them, and then we ordered a flight of wine to share. The wines were crisp, and silky=Delicious!
I had the meatloaf diner that was amazing!
Service was excellent. We left happy!The happy hour here is great, as many have already mentioned.  But I work in the Curtis Center and I want to give a shout-out to the attached coffee shop, and especially Steve, who keeps the place running super smoothly every morning.  They have deliciously hot, perfectly brewed coffee and Steve always makes me laugh with something hilarious and unexpected that comes out of his mouth.  Yes, this place is super convenient for me, but I will continue to go back for the quality and the great service.  One last thing that I really appreciate about this place--they are into saving the earth!  If you bring a refillable coffee mug, they will refill it with coffee for $1.  The greatest.We had 3 appetizers. The hummus was just ok. We both felt like it needed more salt. The oysters were also pretty good but nothing to write home about, but the mac and cheese was the best mac and cheese I've ever had! Before this, Jones had been my mac and cheese of choice, but the mac and cheese here was definitely better. I got the smoked steak which was very good. Very flavorful and was served on top of veggies that tasted like they had been stewed (in a good way). My friend had the crab cake sandwich, which he said was also very good. It looked like a lot of crab and not much filler. I was sad that they were out of the sweet potato fries. I'll definitely have to go back and try them next time.Cooperage has always been our go-to after work happy hour spot. They have a good assortment of beers, liquors and snacks. The bar has a cozy laid back vibe and the servers have always been very nice. It's a great spot to grab drinks and apps. They make a fabulous dirty martini :)
I have only been for lunch a few times and have been satisfied with my meals. The corn chowder stood out to me and was great! I wish they had a few more high tops in the bar area as it can get pretty crowded after work.Nestled in the Curtis Center right off Walnut Street, and a quick walk away from the liberty, Cooperage is the place to be. With a wide selection of whiskey's wine, and craft beers, your possibilities are almost endless. The ambiance of the bar is my favorite part. Although it can get a bit noisy on the weekends, or during weddings, Cooperage usually offers a quiet place to chat with friends and have a drink. It doesn't stop there! The service staff including most importantly the bartenders (Rachel and Ben are my favorite), are more than accomodating and give the place an extra star in my opinion. The food list is pretty extensive and I have never eaten anything I didn't like. The sweet potato fries with Sriracha dipping sauce, and the chicken quesadilla are to die for. The BBQ ribs and pork italiano sandwich are delicious and there's a secret menu item you should definitely ask about... FRIED OREOS!! With one of the best happy hours I've seen in the city, Cooperage is great not only late night, but to sit and watch the game as well. Not your average place, but it holds a special one in my heart.I took my family to Cooperage for brunch yesterday wanting to check out its brunch menu.  I will say that our service was not the most incredible that I've experienced . . . but the brunch food was very good.  
Everyone seemed to really enjoy their meals.  The meal started with some warm delicious corn bread and cucumber water.  Each brunch dish comes with a complimentary mimosa or bloody mary as well.  My mother ordered the grits and eggs and my sister enjoyed the smoky mountain benedict.   I know that some of the other reviews are less than stellar - but I would give it a shot!Work in the building so co-workers and I decided to try it out for lunch. 
The food is very average... nothing special but still tasteful.
I had the Pork Italiano- huge portions, the pork was cooked well and I liked the roasted peppers. 
What I do like about this place is the waiters and service. Very friendly and it still has the bar atmosphere during the day. 
Not a restaurant I would explicitly recommend, but definitely a place to try if you're in the area.Cooperage has an awesome happy hour. But I don't think it's worth it for other hours. It may be that I'm still new enough to Philly that I'm excited when there is good beer for $3, but there is at Cooperage, and I keep going there for happy hour because of it. Lots of food options for $5 during happy hour too.
Word to the wise, though - it's a weird location - you have to enter an office building to get into the bar. A bit offputting. Going into an office to get to a happy hour takes a big of the "happy" away.Simply put.. Food is horrible. I had to eat the quesadilla with a knife and fork, and there was grease dripping of the board it was served on.  I've tried almost everything on the menu. Bbq takes like a scoop of paprika and chili powder. 
Crowd is awesome and the help are really cool peeps. But please, send the chef to restaurant school or just tell him to watch food network for a couple weeks to get some ideas!What a cue spot!  My friend and I popped into Cooperage on a recommendation from the hosts at the restaurant we had been waiting for a reservation at.  So glad we did! 
We sat at the bar and were greeted by two friendly bartenders, who handed us the coolest menus I've ever seen--the wine list was affixed to am empty wine bottle, and the whiskey list on an empty whiskey bottle!  So cute and totally set the tone for the experience. 
We each ordered a glad of red wine, per the bartenders recommendation.  Great pours and reasonably priced.  
The atmosphere was woody ands rustic, the perfect combination of trendy and cozy.  
I loved Cooperage and hope to stop back in the next time I'm visiting Philadelphia--such a great find and I hope to try some of their food next time!This is the place to be for happy hour. The bartenders are super attentive, and you can't beat the deals. I enjoy their draft beers and for a bite to eat, I go for the mac n cheese, or the guac and chips. Yum!I hadn't been to Cooperage in a long time - and I was excited to return for another visit.  The first time around they had some great comfort-style foods that I had been dreaming about ever since I left their door.  I was a little disappointed that some of the favs from last time were gone, but I was pleasantly surprised that I found some things just as amazing if not better. 
For starters, the bread was amazing.  Bread doesn't seem like something to write about in a review -- but we couldn't help ourselves.  It was a sweet dough with a salt/sugar/butter coating.  While it was odd that the bread was cold and not warm, it was literally addictive.  They should sell it to go! 
The BBQ chicken had the best BBQ sauce out of anywhere in Philadelphia.  It literally had me licking my fingers.  
For dessert, the Pot De Creme was out of this world - it competed if not beat some of the city's four star restaurants.  It was so good, in fact, that I placed an order to go for a friend to try it.  It was thick, rich, chocolately, with an amazingly smooth aftertaste. 
The bread pudding was also five star - especially with the tasty sauce.  
The service was a bit odd and erratic.  Our server was very friendly, but not the fastest or most attentive. We had to ask for bread several times -- and the appetizer course took more than 15 minutes.  The bus guy/host/server at the front was a little strange in his dialogue and sarcasm - and therefore every time he came to our table for something we were not sure what to expect.  But overall, it is the food here that carries the day!Decent beer selection
Cheese steak fries are awesome 
Nachos sucked horribly
Kinda of chill place but looks like a local after work spot not much else happeningSo I heard phenomenal things about the whiskey selection at Cooperage so I had to come and check it out. Their selection was solid and their whiskey flights did seem like a well rounded selection. In the event it was a Thursday night we forwent the whiskey flights and opted for cocktails and dinner. The first round was solid, but then the food turned out to be a disappointment. I've had many cheeseboards across the city, and this is by far the worst I've had. It was a joke, the cheese came out looked like the leftovers in the kitchen- not blocks, literally silvers and crumbles of cheese. The pork and French dip sandwiches won't exactly knock your socks off, but I would classify them as decent. Overall the service was good, but from the hype and ambiance I had higher expectations on food and some of the cocktails (stay away from the Rose water, maple and whiskey special, tastes like watered down Johnny walker)"The Coop" is really more of a craft beer lovers delight than a whiskey and wine bar...but I'll let them call themselves whatever they want. I'm just saying they have a really good and consistent rotation of great craft beer often with a solid  representation of local breweries. The wings are pretty great and the rest of the food is certainly above average for bar food. They have a very hoppin happy hour with $4 drafts of the aforementioned great beer selection from 4-7p on weekdays. It's in the lobby of the Curtis Center which is an office building next to Washington Square Park. I've heard many people complain that the staff pretty blatantly over-caters to regulars and under-caters (i.e.: ignores) the average random customer.This was a random and delightful find! I found this place through a couple of friends who were visiting from California. While I was at work, they toured the historic sites and found this place inside the Curtis building. I was meeting them up for happy hour and was intrigued when they told me to meet them at a place that I'd never heard of before.
When I arrived a bit before 5pm on a Thursday, there wasn't many people in the bar. But soon enough, the place start filling up. This must be the place to go for people who work in this area. This bar has a great happy hour, good deals on wine and beer, and obviously had a great selection of whiskey. My friend is a big whiskey lover and was absolutely ecstatic when our bartender, Rachel, knew how to make a Sazerac! Apparently, this is his favorite drink and not many bartenders know how to make it without looking at a recipe. I was so entertained as she took out the glass and started coating the sides with vermouth. The Sazerac was quite good--I tried some myself. Since my friend had his idea of the "perfect" Sazerac, he commended her and offered her advice. Rachel was eager to get tips and appreciated the critique. Even better, she made the few changes (added a bit more whiskey and bitter to make it less sweet), and served it to my friend. She was phenomenal and really made our visit to this bar memorable and fun! Overall, both bartenders were very attentive and nice. My glass of house merlot was never empty for more than a few seconds.
We also had the soft pretzel with the cheese and mustard sauce, which was really good.  I'll make sure to stop by the next time I'm visiting the historic sites--this is definitely my favorite bar in this area!This was one of the stops on a mini-monday bar crawl I was on with my bestfriend. It did not disappoint for the drink and chill atmosphere it provided. Just popped in for a drink and was pleased! The bartender and other patrons at the bar were friendly. At one point we all began talking bout our netflix recommendations, ha ha isn't life great? I definitely will make it a point to go back to sample more of what this establishment has to offer!Food was great and atmosphere is very casual. If the service was a little more attentive this place would be 5 stars on the food alone. Laid back vibe, but one of the best steaks I've had in Philly for the price. Flavorful, well seasoned, I recommend having it with the roasted mushrooms, delicious. It's casual so I give them a pass on the service, but they weren't busy when I was there, so that could have easily been fixed. A good place if you're hungry.Came late night after work for a drink and a snack. The best pinot grigio I have had in a while, decent prices, and friendly service. Had the hummus platter which was very good. There are always people in there and the hours for food and drinks are great.Service sucked.  Food was mediocre.  Location and decor were fine but it was empty.  With a little tweaking, this place could be great.  But it isn't right now.  
I ordered the shrimp po' boy which was mediocre at best.  Bland, served on a hard roll and not very po' boy-esque.  Wine was stale (meaning not kept well).  I didn't have a beer but that is probably what one should order here.  
Service needs some help.  We waited a good 20 minutes from the time they cleared our plates to the time we received our bill.  And no apology or explanation when it did come.  Plus, when I asked whether the burgers were good, the answer I got was "Do you like your burgers rare?" My answer, "No." Her response, "Oh, well I like my burgers rare so you shouldn't get a burger."  What?  Can't you order a burger any temp you want?  And what does this have to do with a burger being good?
Skip this place.came here after dinner for some drinks...i never really had whiskey before so they bartender was kinda enough to help me out.  he recommended a great starter whiskey and made me a cocktail. my thoughts on drinking whiskey: makes me feel super adult...lol...i guess i prefer other liquors...Very enjoyable lunch location. I had a nice beer and the crabcake sandwich. The bartender was very knowledgeable about beer and was nice to chat with. The crab cake was good, maybe a little lemony but that's OK. Sweet potato fries were nice. Bring the prices down a touch and this would be great for regular visits.A nice selection of whiskies including Hibiki 12, Yamazaki 12, Lagavulin 16 and some other nice choices that you may not find at your typical bar. I like the woody feel of the decor and the service here is great. While this might not be my first choice if I'm just looking for a bite, the food here is pretty good so if you're looking to go to a place for a drink with food then I'd definitely recommend checking this spot out.This place was amazing. Found it while trying to find somewhere to eat near the hotel we were staying at for a friends birthday.  The address listed on OpenTable was incorrect and the only downfall was trying to locate it on a very cold night in February.  Otherwise, the food was amazing as well as the drinks.  Nachos were delicious and for once had the right amount of toppings. Cheesestreak fries were to die for, I'd go back just for those.  Everyone enjoyed the food and drinks and prices are reasonable.We had drinks and appetizers with the girls. Very cool restaurant. Large variety of drinks not so much variety on the food. That being said the apps, drinks and service were great. It was a little loud but cool venue. Wish we would have sat outside.Favorite place by far to go to happy hour in Philly! Kevin and his whole staff are fantastic. Awesome service, incredible food and drinks and can't beat their happy hour specials. Strongly recommend this place!My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place around happy hour time today.  We stopped in to grab a drink and were very happy with our experience.  There was a variety of different drink specials and the bartender was really friendly and helpful.  We also ordered the sample cheese platter which was fun and came with snacks that accompanied the cheeses.
My only concern was trying to find the entrance. They needed some sort of sign or a menu outside.Went here after a busy day and were not disappointed. Great food, big portions, and a friendly staff!I'm not sure why it's taken me so long to write a review for Cooperage as it is one of my favorite go-to spots in Philly. A true Whiskey Bar, Cooperage does a great job of offering quality beers at a good price during Happy Hour. They go local and they go afar to find unique beers and although I'm not a Whiskey girl I can assure you there is an entire shelf of different Whiskeys at Cooperage. 
Their menu of food is tasty and consistent but nothing overly unique or defined.  During Happy Hour they offer all of their beers for only $3 (wine and liquor is $5 if that's your thing) and a bunch of food selections for only $5. I recommend the Pulled Pork Sandwich because it's got all the right flavor and isn't nearly as messy as most bars serve.  It is served in a basket with seasoned chips and a side of yummy Cole slaw which is a bit on the sweet side but I like it and I don't usually touch Cole slaw. I've sampled almost everything on their Happy Hour menu ans you really can't go wrong with their bourbon wings, sweet potato fries with chili and cheddar cheese, or pulled pork nachos. 
If you stay for dinner their burger is pretty solid.  I've also had their crab cake sandwich and was pleasantly surprised. I've seen people order the cheese plate and it looks like a nice assortment and they give you a good amount.
The service has always been great and I love their outdoor seating although it seems that it's  never available after 5 during the week.
Overall Cooperage cannot be beat when in comes to value, especially  in this part of town. I can only hope they remember that they are doing so much business  because they offer such good beer and food at a reasonable price point for those of us who love to dine out often.Hey Cooperage!
Thanks so much for such a great night!
Went there last night, ordered the chicken and cheesy grits. Someone else ordered the burger with fried egg, blue cheese, bacon, caremelized onions and mushrooms. Someone else got a burger with kind of the same thing except with american.
Started with deviled eggs and mac and cheese
Mac and Cheese totally worth getting for 5 bucks. 5 BUCKS! 
I have had better deviled eggs, not such a big fan of the filling, curry maybe??
DEFINITELY a great burger for the price.  Soft roll...well prepared toppings, not too runny egg....
Chicken and Cheesy Grits.  Grits were excellent, the chicken was cooked and flavored well.  Little too salty, but besides that a good dish.
Fun atmosphere, without feeling like an Old City joint. 
Our server Lauren was on point.
I will visit Cooperage again.Been meaning to try this place since it opened; it is so close to where I live and seemed like a great new addition to the Wash Square culinary/bar scene. Verdict: thumbs up! Definitely a Southern theme to the menu. They bring you boiled peanuts and cornbread - a nice touch, and the cornbread was great! Never had boiled peanuts before - enjoyed them. We shared the chopped salad and the blackened shrimp po boy. Both were outstanding. Chopped salad was unusual - had pistachios, charred corn, and little pieces of fried okra. Po boy was really tasty - shrimp was perfectly cooked and seasoned, with sliced tomato and a nice spicy remoulade sauce. We also had a side of "sweet potato tots" which were REALLY delicious and interesting. They came with an apple chutney seasoned with mustard seed. Because it was lunch, did not sample any of the wine or whiskey (next time!). Service was truly excellent - attentive and friendly without being pushy. Will definitely return!Tucked away inside the Curtis Center, Cooperage is a nice little bar.  I've only had the 'Coop's burger' and I thought it was pretty darn good burger.  It was pretty hefty and a perfect medium-rare as I had ordered.  The Brioche bun was ok, but it did get a little soggy.  The fries were crispy, hot and tasty.  However, the burger only comes with chips; you have to pay extra for fries with your burger.I've been a fan of Cooperage for a while -- their burger (get it with gruyere and sauteed onions) is really one of my favorites in Philly: perfectly cooked, delicious bun, just perfection. But what really wowed me this past visit was their ability to accommodate our embarrassingly needy dining request: the classic "we're here at 7pm and our show is at 8pm.. on Broad street... and there was terrible traffic so actually we're here at 7:10."
What to do? It was pretty packed... Order appetizers? Just get a drink? Nope, we wanted those burgers and were willing sacrifice being on time for the show, for the sake of culinary delight.
Luckily, it was a non-issue. We alerted the host (perhaps the manager) who quickly alerted our server, and we got our food within 15-20 minutes. 
We hate being "those people," but darnit if we aren't seriously grateful that they were able to help us out.
But seriously, get the burger with gruyere. You won't regret it. Veggie BF says the veggie burger was seriously fantastic, too! 
And those $10 cocktails certainly pack a wallop ;)
Thank you Cooperage!After HH @ our fav wine spot that rhymes w/ lia we decided to take advantage of a deal purchased to be used @ Cooperage. This place had been recommended to me by a few people and the yelpers said it wasn't too bad so off we walked. It was still pretty nice outside so we sat in one of the comfy booths on 7th st. 
I had heard that they featured different whiskey concoctions that were similar to juleps' so I had my mind set on trying one of those. Our waitress friendly enough advises me they no longer have the specialty cocktails but anything I wished to be made could be done. BOOOOOOO this place I was super bummed but tried not to let it put a damper on MONDAY FUNDAY. My fourth glass of wine would be French (of course) I was a slightly bothered that the wine list isn't that extensive (wine is in the title of this place) Chris did a brew and we looked over the menu. I wasn't stark raving hungry so I decided on flat bread the white w/ anchovies, truffle, and goat cheese and caramelized onions.  Chris started w/ bourbon BBQ wings. He LOVED his wings and he's quite the Bird connoisseur( both chicken and girl ) My flat bread well fell flat the best part about it was the onions the bread wasn't too crispy and the other ingredients just seemed to be sitting there on this oily slab of dough not very good. I ate what I could and was full enough so decided to steer clear of ordering anything else. 
The rain started and we bee lined inside and I must say I enjoyed the ambiance low lights, candles and the plush seating was very welcoming. The boy got his burger and said it was great fried egg and cheese just the way he likes it. We opted to get desert to go the bread pudding w/ blackberry ice cream. 
We decided this place might be worth a HH stop they have a pretty good beer list and my wine was quite good. Maybe they will bring back these cocktails as well. 
C+ for Cooperage; service was ok, hostess super friendly and the boy thoroughly enjoyed his Alitas (that's wings for all my non Spanish speaking friendsMy boyfriend and I visited this spot during our Philly Conference trip and were so glad we did!
Here are a couple of highlights:
1. The spot is inside a business building, so it's nicely hidden from the touristy Philly spots.
2. They have whiskey flights here. 
We did indulge and they knocked me flat on my a**.
3. The bourbon chicken wings were very tasty! Not too sweet and paired nicely with our flights.
We'll definitely be back to this spot whenever we venture back up to Philly!Came here for happy hour for a friend's birthday yesterday and was really pleasantly surprised.  Their happy hour specials are fantastic- $3 craft beers, $5 wines, and $5 liquors with 1 mixes (good liquors too, not rail stuff).  The bartender was really nice and knowledgeable, and even threw in a bday cake shot for good measure.  I had a whiskey and ginger ale and an order of the $5 "bar size" pork nachos, which were smaller than I'd expected (3 large chips), but very well executed and yummy, and a good way to take an edge off the hunger.  This is such a gem and I'm glad I found it!  I'll be back!Okay okay before you beat it out of me, that last star IS FOR PROXIMITY, THERE I SAID IT.
Besides that confession, let's review the basics:
Happy Hour - $3 drafts, and they do keep it interesting. I mean only that they aren't repetitive, and I think I'm here enough to say that with an air of qualification (just an Air, okay?). I don't mean interesting as in hard to find or unheard of brews, because 99.9% of beers are unheard of to me. Seriously I can name like 20 off the top of my head right now, and cheating because I'd have to go international. Meaning, no I can't name 20 Pennsylvania based brews, that's ridiculous, so you'll have to judge the selection for yourself, you snob. I was 23 before I knew what draft meant. 
Happy Hour - $5 bites, frankly not all that impressive in inventiveness, execution or quality, but it's a nice, solid round up of your bar staples, and that's a nice fall back if you can't make up your mind, or feel like carb loading (usually includes items like fries, mac & cheese, nachos, and soft pretzels). 
and that brings us to regular menu, which I adore. Very often bars have crappy food and you just care less and less as time goes on. Luckily, not the case here. Calamari, corn and crab chowder and power spinach salad especially have won my heart. I would come here just to have these, but of course, when in Rome... meaning a wine & whiskey bar. That reminds me, I have a spectacular gift for going to a wine bar and not ordering wine. Since I am usually here for happy hour and just turn that into dinner (I'm a very shriveled old man on the inside and I do things like eat early so I can go to bed early), I'd like to see wines on that happy hour menu. 
One last thing, I just find this establishment to be a very comfortable space. I don't know if it's the architecture, decor, the staff, or the "um, Beyonce". I've come here dressed up and down all over the spectrum, and never felt I was out of place. Last night some Jim Beam girls offered us shots, I had to turn it down, but you know, maybe you are into that kind of thing.My first non-Baltimore review!  here we go...
I came here for brunch while visiting some friends in Philly.  We started with the Gator Bites served with smoked tomato and pepper remoulade.  Those were really good -- blackened, and surprisingly tender for gator.  The remoulade was a perfect pairing.  Excellent hangover food.
Next was the breakfast burger.  A solid burger, even though it was a little overcooked.  Ordered mine without pickled beets; the waitress mixed up our orders (a few other people got the burger too), so i ended up just taking them off myself.  No biggie.  Came with a side salad of mixed greens and a basic vinegarette.  Simple but good all around, and just what I wanted at the time.
Mimosas were good but seemed to be heavy on the OJ.  Bloody marys were so-so; they had that odd bitter aftertaste that I believe comes from too much celery seed in the mix (or just a sub-par mix.  or sub-par vodka.  or sub-par taste buds.), but to be fair, I'm pretty picky about bloody marys.
Service was great.  Our waitress seemed on the shy side, but smiled the whole time and was very attentive and friendly.  Bonus points for the major effort about half the staff put into trying to find the Ravens game on their TV, even though it totally isn't a sports bar.
Atmosphere was pretty cool, we sat by the window and it was nice to be able to people-watch.
All in all, good but not exactly so memorable that I'd seek it out again and again; the trouble for me with restaurants in major cities is that there are SO many good ones it's hard to justify going to the same one all the time.  It has to really blow my mind for me to start going there regularly when there are so many options out there.I have wanted to try this place for a while. Service was just ok- waitress was just a little strange.
Food was pretty good, we have the cheese platter and mac and cheese for appetizers
I had the garlic mussels and another friend had the red sauce
Then another friend got an italian salad.
Everyone enjoyed their food, but was not overly impressed.
Also for a wine and whiskey bar, they do not have much wine on their wine list.
Just ok I would have to say!This is my favorite small bar/restaurant in the city.  Great food, great specials.  I call this place my cheers bar.  Because every body knows my name haha.I eat here pretty frequently. Mostly I stick to the soup and sandwich combo from the to-go station. The veggie lentil, beef chili, butternut squash and tomato basil soups are amazing. The tuna salad is pretty solid too. I have read some reviews about the guy behind the counter being abrupt but he's actually very warm and nice. 
Last night I went to a Happy Hour shindig for a coworker and experienced the bar. It was so weird. The bar tender looked literally right through me and I nearly had to hold up a sign to get his attention. I then ordered a round of chicken nachos that strangely never materialized. Oddly enough the person repeated my order back to me and then just like.... said "forget this". Clearly based on my size, I don't need to eat ANY nachos, but... dang..... 
Maybe it was because I was ordering rum and cokes.... in a whiskey bar. Shrugs.Great happy hour spot and beer selection. Hamburgers were cooked to order. Love the nachos. Bartenders can make some tasty cocktails as well. Will definitely be back.Pretty good hangout.
The staff was very prompt with service, and the beer selection was excellent.
I would pass on the Philly Cheesesteak Fries. While they catch the eye as something unique, probably other menu options are better.
The wings were surprisingly good.Made a reservation online and received not one, but two confirmation calls. It all made sense upon arrival - the 60+ seating capacity was no more than a quarter filled. No big deal, not many people dine out on Mondays. 
I enjoyed the food, but can't rave about it. I had big expectations for the BBQ chicken wings but they fell short. The braised short rib was juicy and flavor-full and was complimented well with polenta and a mushroom medley. The deep fried Oreos immediately caught my eye and earned my recommendation. (I'm not big on sweets but I'm one for trying the obscure.) 
Sherrie S. had it right... The interior of this place has multiple personality disorder! Me and my dining guests tried to put our finger on it, but couldn't. The darkened lighting, exposed ceilings and lowered tables seemed southern whiskey bar-ish but it felt forced, especially in light of its "Suite" address.The space is nice. We got beer and wine which were both fine. The chicken fingers seemed like other frozen chicken fingers I've had. The mustard dip made up for it.I've met a lot of good friends here. And beyond that, the staff is absolutely amazing.
Whether you're looking for a quick business lunch or a place to grab a great beer on a tourist route, Cooperage has got you covered. The manager, bartender and servers go out of their way to make you feel welcome and will happily explain the ever-changing draft menu and liquors available. If you're reading this and wondering if you should stop in to this hidden treasure in the Curtis Center then the decision has likely already been made. 
Come on in, say "hi," and ask the locals where you should go next. Cooperage just might be the best kept secret in Philadelphia.The cooperage has ok food and a solid beer/whiskey selection.  I would recommend this place only if you are going to sit at the bar and grab light snacks or drinks.  Every time we have sat at a table the service has been really slow.  This is not a dig on the servers (their service was solid) the place just seemed under staffed.Cooperage is a great place to go if you work close by, hate your job, and want to unwind and kvetch with your colleagues after a long day of dealing with people's crap.  They have good happy hour food and drink specials, but outside of the happy hour it's difficult to find a reason to want to go to this place later at night, or as any kind of "destination" if one doesn't live or work close by.
I enjoyed my two Rogue Yellow Snow IPAs, $3 each (1/2 off) during the happy hour.  While I didn't order any liquor I did take note of the extremely thorough selection of Scotches.  I can't bring myself to part with enough cash to purchase a Macallan 18 year or Laphroaig 25 year, but they do have that kind of stuff.  A friend got one scotch called "Hedonism," which I'd never heard of, but it was excellent.
The food was average for the most part--I sampled a kind of mini pork sandwich (of typical Philly variety, with the broccoli rabe and so forth) as well as another pesto-y focaccia item with a cheese dipping sauce.  These weren't really met with any criticism, nor did we jump to praise them.  The dessert we ordered was quite a disappointment--it was a "molten" bourbon chocolate cake which unfortunately wasn't molten at all, but rather cooked completely through.  The accompanying "coffee ice cream" tasted fine, but not really of coffee.  We let them know about the undesirable quality of the cake but we were still charged for it.
A side note: one of the the friends I went with told me that the place is now under new management and the fare has now shifted to of a more generic, all-purpose sort of menu.  Apparently this place used to have a more "southern" menu, with boiled peanuts and such (which I see have been mentioned in previous reviews), and this wasn't working so well for them.
If someone invites me to go again I'll happily oblige, but I'm not going out of my way to return.An excellent review for this bar is long overdue on my part! I'm a Penn student and I visited Cooperage with a large group of friends and classmates for Walnut Walk, a bar crawl down Walnut Street for graduating seniors back in May. The beer was good and the snacks were well-priced and tasty for some hungry college students -- but why I am really here is the PHENOMENAL service! 
The gentleman at the bar (I didn't catch his name) was so attentive and went out of his way for us. He made sure we were taking advantage of the Walnut Walk discounts when we were about to order a full price drink. When I couldn't decide which beer, he asked me what my favorites were and let me taste a few different ones. When we sat at a table outside, he carried stools to us and made sure we were comfortable. I was extremely impressed with my experience at Cooperage and hope to return soon!Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
I like it.  
The bartender was pleasant, the food came out quickly...
When we arrived the lights were WAY too bright which they dimmed a few minutes after we sat down.  
I had the chorizo quesadillas (I've been craving Mexican food lately...well...I do all of the time).  My friend had the BLT and soup lunch special...
Mine was good...they need to consider that all bar snacks probably shouldn't be served on a charcuterie board as the chorizo juice ran everywhere...all over the bar, the server's arm...we actually made it a verb - "Chorizoed", v. Chorizoed 1. to be chorizo juiced. 
While I do love a gooey cheesy quesadilla, this was different - tomatoes, peppers, onions...really good.
I'll go again and see what else they have going on...good beers on tap; wine ranged from like $7 - $12 a glass.
I think someone mentioned the decor was odd/identity crisis-esque and YES...whoever thought copper shaded mirrors on the walls was a good idea needs some Clozaril STAT.Excellent food and the service was good,  although once they started getting busy we never saw our waiter again.  Had the BBQ sandwich and it was one of the best I had ever eaten.  I dig the look inside as well,  would def. return.So I walked into the building and made a left into the entrance of Cooperage, very industrial and really good looking on the inside, makes me want a manhattan ya know? I sat down at the bar and marveled at their selection of wines and whiskey obviously..I asked a couple questions and their evening bartender surprised me in his knowledge and passion for cocktails! Nice draft list and a great recommendation from Anthony and I settled on a wonderful glass of white wine! 
Looking at the menu and talking with my friend about the cool cocktails they came up with a manager chimed in and once again blew us away with the amount of knowledge known about the food and drink..she told me about distilleries and aging casks...needless to say we had a wonderful time, great food great drinks and even better staff! I cannot wait to have an excuse to come out there again!