I ordered the beef, carnitas, and fried chicken tacos and they were pretty good! Our favorite was the carnitas tacos and the Kimchi. We would like to go back and try more stuff!Was in Philadelphia last week and tried the bulgogi and pork tacos and twice fried chicken with friends. Chicken was crispy and the bulgogi tacos were flavorful. The pork tacos were clean but a tad bland. The roasted jalapeno salsa made it tastier. All in all a good quick bite.We got the bulgogi tacos and they were pretty good except the Parmesan cheese was a bit overwhelming. We came at 12:30pm on a weekend and there was only one person there at the time. There wasn't a line either but we ended up waiting quite sometime before he even noticed we were there. Just wish the service was betterPretty good.   Too drunk to write a review.   I'll come update later.   Just have to let Philly know it's 5 starsGreat spot for tacos. The service was awesome. I recommend the 1/2 rotisserie chicken, very tasty!Was excited to try this place since we love Korean and Mexican food. Unfortunately the service at this place is a unmitigated disaster. The girl at the register was completely clueless - could not answer any question about what was in the food (and made no effort to find out). Charged us extra for sour cream on the side (really? at a taco place?) and then didn't bother to give it to us. Didn't give us a receipt either so when we asked for it they wouldn't give us the sour cream we paid for and we had no proof (great business tactic). Credit card machine was conveniently broken (and of course they didn't mention that till the end / no signage).
The food is pretty average. Corn was swimming in mayo (which of course they neglected to mention). Tacos were kids size and pretty average. For almost $20 for 1 person's lunch this place is a joke. The best part of the meal was the slice of lime. Worse attempt at selling food in Chinatown since ramen boi.Came on a slow Sunday and got the pork tacos... as a food lover I enjoy new tastes to add to my pallet. These tacos had a delicious pineapple salsa and a nice mildly spicy sauce among the other ingredients. Just the owner working but he brought it out to us and was very nice. Try it out if you're into great tastes!I went there with great expectations, but I came out very disappointed.  I ordered tacos al pastor, but what I got was tortillas filled with some kind of barbecue sauce, covered with dry pieces of pineapples and some kind of green cilantro sauce. From 3 tacos I ate 1/2; $10 to the trash.We had great hopes for this small food stand after reading the reviews, but we're supposed with subpar food.I ordered the bulgogi tacos with some chips and guacamole. It was definitely tasty but not so filling. It is to be expected for just an order of tacos, which was why I ordered some chips too. The odd part was that the guacamole that came with the chip had a whole pit it in. That put too up like 60% of the guacamole cup. Bad surprise to find when you have tons of chip with no drink. #sadface. #thirsty 
The service was fair. They were not too busy during a Saturday late lunch. The pricing was a little pricey for like $3-4 per taco and 4ish for the chips. By the way, their Yelp promo does not work. I tried using it to pay for my food but the chef told me that they did not sign up for the discount nor why they even have it. Be warned, do not expect that you can use it.
Overall, the food was fair and I will be down to try another dish there.The cooks/chefs here do not know a thing about cooking. Food is strictly below average, tasted like frozen food, completely bland and bad quality. 
I think there's a lot of potential in Korean/Mexican fusion and I wish this place didn't completely screw that up. 
Otherwise presentation is nice and server was nice.I really liked his place...you can't see it from the street because it's in a indoor plaza but it's cool.  Food was really good.  I got the bulgogi beef tacos, great blend of sweet and spicy, toppings were fresh, prices were fair! I'd definitely come back and plan to bring a few friends too.  What's really nice is that even tho the place is like fast food spot you'd see at a mall the surrounding seating area and surrounding business make it all seem really hip and chillThis is a review for catering. I cannot speak to the regular eat in/take out experience.
My company provides lunch every Friday for our employees. I place the orders and coordinate with caterers. This order was for 60 people. If you are looking for catering, I would advise you against Coreanos. However in the interest of fairness, here is the good:
-The flavors of the food were great. A lot of people commented on how good it would be if it was hot.
-The woman who took the order was helpful.
Alright, now time for the bad:
-The food was an hour late. This was for a corporate lunch. People schedule their meetings around it. Since it was an hour late, many people had to go back to work before it even got there.
-The food was cold by the time it got to us.
-No setup utensils or help with setup was offered.
-Nothing was offered in exchange for the inconvenience besides a "sorry" and an explanation about car trouble. Things happen, but we should have been offered a partial refund or coupon. This order was over $800 and it was 100% not what we expect for spending that much money. We had to ask for a partial refund.
-The restaurant ran out of catering trays and brought metal pans they use in the oven. Dave, the owner, promised to come get them and bring us our receipt and our refund on Monday. The pans were too large for us to wash in our sink, so they took up counter space and started to smell. He didn't show up until Wednesday, with only half the refund amount we'd agreed on.
We love supporting local businesses and had the experience been better, we would have added Coreanos to our catering rotation and placed repeat orders. Unfortunately, that will not be happening.When I walked into Chinatown Square I didn't expect to find some of the best bulgogi in Philadelphia. Hands down, some of the best Mexican Korean fusion I've had. The sauce is slightly spicy, but sweet and delicate at the same time. Top it with kimchi and you're set. The only thing that tops the food is the service, upon hearing that bulgogi is my favorite, the lovely young lady behind the counter personally made my tacos. Great place, and highly recommend.It's the perfect meld of spice, meats, and Korean + Mexican food! I ordered three tacos (beef + al pastor) and a drink. My order came out quickly and I was impressed with the flavors, presentation, and service, definitely changing my perspective of a "food court." Can't wait to try the chicken and all the tacos!I'm a sucker for Korean Fusion, and Coreano's is a fast-casual, consistently tasty  choice in Chinatown, especially in the late hours.
My go-to is the rice bowl with the double fried chicken, white rice, and gochujang.  The ssam sauce is good too--its more sweet and mild.
I'd never gotten the tacos as they seem kind of pricey given you'd pay the same for a bowl, which in my opinion is more filling.
The workers have always been friendly, the fry/grill guy is chill.I never complain about more Korean food places opening up in Philly (even if they're fusion)!
Given how much meat that they put in the tacos, it's a very reasonable price (3 for $9-10), especially among  the other options in the buzzing new Chinatown Square. The taste is solid too, and you can get them packaged up real neat in these to-go cardboard boxes. Some of my friends got the salad box instead of the tacos, and it was pretty substantial as well. 
Remember: most everything in Chinatown Square will be cash only, so visit that ATM before you come to try it out!Great tacos, cool people working the counter the frier and the grill. Got the double fried chicken tacos and the new bbq chicken, both were top notch. Only complaint is the lack of drink choices, but forget that, the food is 100.Some of the best tacos in Philly. You have to enjoy the mix between korean and american. Got a mix of 3 tacos (bulgogi, double fried chicken and spicy pork on special). Packed with flavor and I can taste the Korean and Mexican flavors. DelishThis spot is great!  We had two different types of tacos and a rice bowl.  Everything was delicious.  Food came our quickly and the service was friendly.  Definitely going back.Coreanos is in a great location and has awesome flavors ! Definitely worth checking out and trying all of the unique taco choices. The Spanish rice and guacamole are delicious.Oh em gee. This was like my favorite Korean mexican place in phili, the Korean part is good but the Mexican part is mucho good. Muchos Banos coreanos!!Taco Tuesday--super cheap, $2 per taco (must order three). All three tacos I got--the bulgogi, the al pastor, and the double fried chicken--were amazing. Very filling too!Amazingstaff. The owner is awesome. Get the bulgogi tacos theyreLIFEEEEE UGH CANT WAIT TO COME BACKThis place was exactly what I needed after hitting up a few bars in center city. I recommend the bulgogi tacos! Delicious juicy and perfectly seasoned ribeye. If your looking for a burrito go no further than the kimchi. If your looking for the best fried chicken you ever had get the double fried chicken tacos. Staff is amazing. Service is excellent. Stop in. I give it 5 stars!...it's honestly more of a 2.5 stars place when food service is accounted for. 
Normal price that you'll spend here is $11 for a meal. The food is classic fusion, taking from the most basic reproduction of Mexican and Korean cuisines. The portions can sometimes be cheap on the protein, but that depends on the "chef." The asian guy with tortoise glasses will skimp you on pretty much everything--an experience derived from multiple encounters with him. It's pretty insulting to drop 11 bucks on a bowl just to get canned kimchi, canned radish, a few shred of lettuce, a teaspoon of canned corn, and a few pieces of fried chicken over a bed of rice that doesn't even fill the corners of the container.
The tortilla shells for the tacos are also outsourced somewhere, and they have a fruity chemical smell. It seems like nothing at this place is made in house except for the protein and rice...
I've tried giving this place a few chances, and the other chefs usually do their customers right. Unfortunately, it seems like the main guy who runs the place (and is there the most) would rather skimp on his guests than provide exemplary service.Im prefacing this review with a disclaimer: I grew up eating Kogi, so my baseline for Korean fusion is always going to be kogi. Accordingly, please take my review with a grain of salt. 
I ordered the bulgogi beef tacos and chips and salsa. I originally ordered the half rotisserie chicken but they were sold out of it at 2 pm. 
Positives: come on Tuesdays!! The tacos are $2 each if you buy a minimum of 3! The chips and salsa were delicious and a very hearty portion for only $4. 
Slightly less positives: the meat in the tacos was definitely not bulgogi. It was pan fried steak without any of the typical bulgogi flavor or seasoning. I also am now realizing that my taco was missing an ingredient from the menu description (missing the radish). See photo upload. The taco was only dressed with a tiny bit of sauce (again, not bulgogi seasoning... tasted kinda like normal Sriracha?) and shredded iceberg lettuce. The lettuce really was a let down because typically, Korean fusion tacos will accentuate the bulgogi with some kind of pickled kimchi slaw. Again, maybe it's unfair that I am comparing it with kogi, but ice berg lettuce on a Korean fusion taco is a bit odd. 
I would personally not recommend the bulgogi tacos, but I am still very interested in trying the rotisserie chicken.Just hit this place after the auto show. It's in a food court kind of situation so you have a ton of choices. I ordered the beef tacos and some dikon kim chi, and a can of diet soda. Total cost: $13.42.
The tacos were superb. Overflowing with beef and guac and veggies. Three small but filling tacos in corn tortillas. $9.00 felt a little high priced but every bite was perfect. Bring napkins because the tortillas fall apart.
The kim chi was nearly inedible. It tasted like it just had tobasco dumped on it. I choked it down because it was a tiny serving for $2.50, but I would never order it again.
Will come back for sure, but will know what not to order in the future.My friend and I got the roast chicken tacos and my other friend got the salad bowl. Both were below mediocre.. there was a lot going on but no flavor. I was excited to try this because I love Korean and Mexican food, and this concept was awesome. I know they can tweak it and make the food better, because there is potential! But I would not eat here againLots of variety on the menu. Taco happy hour is a great time to try a few things! Very tasty and well priced. The meats were well seasoned and the other toppings complimented them nicely. Fusion well executed!The prices at this place are pretty good for your pocket. I tried their double fried chicken tacos which was good but I wish there was more flavour to it. The kimchi that my friend had ordered had a weird taste to it. I have had better kimchi. They also ran out of guacamole which defeats the purpose of a mexican fusion place. Anyway, I would return as their price point is good and service is quick.I'm not one for long-winded reviews but I had to jump on here to say how delicious my Bulgogi tacos were at Coreanos! If you have the chance you should definitely check out this spot. Service was quick and friendly. I don't venture into the city much but when I do this will surely be on my list of spots to eat!When I lived in Korea, there was only one (!) Mexican restaurant in the Philly-sized city we lived in, and we used to make trips to Seoul just to get tacos and Mexican food (which at that time we'ren't fusion, just mediocre tacos. Seven years later, you have food courts in Philly nowhere near Korea or Mexico opening up Korean Taco stands. What a time to be alive!
I've tried food from almost every stall in Chinatown Square Market and most meals hover around the $10 price range with varying sizes. Coreanos 3 taco special is one of the best bang for your buck. We got 3 heaping tacos and managed to separate each double tortilla into 2 decent sized tacos. They are priced as 3 of the same for $9-10, but if you're nice they might let you mix and match. I asked for their favorites and they suggested carnitas, bulgogi, and double fried chicken. The bulgogi tacos had cilantro, onion, and kimchi, the carnitas has gochujang and lettuce, and the chicken had gochujang, rice, brack beans, salsa. There were decent chunks of meat in all 3 and heaping of toppings. My least favorite were the fried chicken- too fried and dry and the rice combo didn't do it for me, will probably skip these next time. The Carnita and Bulgogi were really good though! Service was friendly and they even threw in a complimentary bottle of water (no cups of water here).
Thing I need to keep in mind for next time: $2 taco special Tuesdays, 10% checkin on Yelp!Dave and his staff have something special going on with their restaurant. Great staff, awesome atmosphere, and delicious food. Such a great and different concept for food while everyone else out there seems to be doing the same thing. I will definitely be returning.I love Korean/Mexican fusion but was disappointed with this meal. I came on a Saturday night and it wasn't busy with a line or anything. It looks like you're supposed to order 3 of the same kind of tacos for $9-10, but the cashier let me order 3 different kinds. The bulgogi wasn't special in the rice bowl or taco, but I did like the flavor of the al pastor and carnitas tacos. I would have liked to see the ability to order different quantities of tacos and for the food to have been served warmer. Not impressed, but may give it another shot considering the higher ratings other folks gave it and because I didn't use the 10% check-in discount yet...maybe.We tried out coreanos the first time we went to Chinatown square and ordered the Bulgolgi tacos. The food came out fast, the bulgolgi was juicy and delicious, and overall found the tacos to be delicious! There were three tacos with one order, which was definitely enough to fill you up as an entire meal. Would highly recommend, and I look forward to going back there soon!WOW! Coreanos burger is out of this world. Burgers in chinatown??? whaaaaa???!!! NAILED IT!3 tacos for $10. You can only choose 1 kind. Can not buy single tacos. How am I suppose to try different ones without ordering 3 of each?? Got the bulgogi tacos. I've had gazillions of tacos while living in Texas. Pro tip: use 2 tortillas or they will get too soggy and fall apart! So disappointed to see 1 tortilla to each taco. The bulgogi meat was bland. Didn't find the taco tasty or creative. Ate 1.5 tacos and threw out the other half bc it was so wet and not yummy. Had better $1 tacos. The owner should check out LA Burger and Chi'lantro for ideas on delicious Korean fusion tacos. 
Customer service was poor. I stood there waiting to be greeted right in front of the gal. The cook saw me and I said hi. The girl looked up and was unenthusiastic, no greet, no smile, and no bye. I had to do all of that! I was their only customer that time.Got the bulgogi tacos. They were really expensive and just not good. Bulgogi just doesn't go in a taco, especially with the tasteless dress listless toppings they put on the taco, it's just not tasty. The only slightly redeeming aspect was the tortillas themselves seemed freshly made and were tasty.Came to this place two times already and this will be the first writing the review for two events that will be combined into one review because there was no drastic change in ratings.
Usually I always come to this place before work because the meals always fill you up.
First time, I did not know what to order so I asked the employee... to put together anything as long as it is not spicy. And dang... she delivered. Whatever she put on it tasted great. Their beef is the best beef I have ever tasted in my ENTIRE LIFE so far. It's cooked just right and it's so flavorful when you bite into it. (picture of it will be located below)
Second time, I ordered chips with guac and grilled tomatoes and green sauce(not sure the name, sorry). They put a great amount of chips in the box and the guac is definitely a must try... amazing and fresh.
If you are looking for a place for Taco Tuesday or just a place with good food in general, I highly recommend this place. Great customer service and amazing food!!
Review for their tacos will be coming soon!Cute "market" atmosphere. We came for Taco Tuesday so the prices were great ($2) but otherwise it's $3 each. The girls at the counter was adorable and friendly. The kissing star is because we were not super empresses with *all* the tacos. The pastor and bulgogi were really good! However, we got beef, double fried chicken and carnitas and none of them were good. We were all excited for the double friend chicken fir some reason, but it was dry and meatless tasting. The guacamole was great :) moral of the story, stick to the two good meats and it's a great place.Love this place! I love getting the tacos or the rice bowl, bulgogi and the double fried chicken are my favorites. It really hits the spot, and the tacos are surprisingly filling. The girl at the counter who helped me was really great, and I love the glass bottles they offer, especially the pineapple Fanta!Honestly best beef tacos ever! Customer service is friendly & they provide several websites to get their food delivered(UberEATS, Grubhub & Caviar.) They also take orders over the phone to take out. The combination is great! Would def. come back!When it comes to Korean / Mexican fusion, a good model to follow would be LA's Kogi trucks. Unfortunately, this place did not do that. 
The first strange thing about this place was that they were offering a nacho special for $12, which was more expensive than the majority of their menu. What's so special about expensive nachos? To me, it came across as a lame pricing strategy. If the nachos are $12 and tacos are cheaper, then the tacos must be a good deal... Anyways, we didn't get the nachos.
So we looked at the tacos. You can only buy them in groups of 3, and you can't mix and match. That means if you want the bulgogi tacos, you have to buy 3 of them, which costs $10. My wife wanted to try the twice fried chicken tacos, so we ordered those at $9. 
Next came paying for the food. We paid with a credit card. When we got the receipt, the girl behind the counter made it a point to put an 'X' on the gratuity line and an 'X' on the total line. Keep in mind, this place is in a food court. There is no service aside from the girl taking your order and the guy making your tacos. I know, I know, some similar places you do leave a tip, like coffee shops or pizza by the slice places, but it's usually based on the overall quality of the food and/or the experience. Anyways, I just thought that it was lame to put an 'X' next to gratuity. I know how to read a receipt...
Then came the final test: how did the tacos taste? Well, not very good. The ingredients used were tortillas, rice, a teeny tiny bit of corn and black bean salsa, and fried chicken bits which weren't even as good as typical Korean fried chicken. To say that I was disappointed would be an understatement. 
So why 2 stars instead of 1? Well, it would take a lot to give a place 1 star, and since this place just opened, I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt. But my advice to them would be please, do your customers a favor and study a place like Kogi. At Kogi, you can order individual tacos that actually taste like Korean fusion. You can also order burritos, sliders, and other items that aren't currently on your menu. I get that the rent in that food court is probably high, but if you want to get people lining up, you have to do a better job at your menu, pricing, and overall quality of food. 
As a final note, as we were leaving the food court, we couldn't help but notice the healthy portions of the Halal Guys menu, which was similarly priced but looked twice as good. Seeing that made the experience that much more painful. Ouch...I had al pastor salad bowl with red salsa. Very good. I wanted to give 5 stars but they don't have carnitas, which surprised me because I went there 11:30 AMCoreanos has got to be the best place in Chinatown Square! I'm a fan of fusion food in general, but Korean-Mexican fusion is my personal favorite. They have salad bowls available, but it's clearly all about the tacos at this joint!
Tacos at $9-10 for 3, which is a reasonably good deal. My boyfriend and I ordered the Double-Fried Chicken Tacos and the Bulgogi Tacos. Both were amazing - packed with flavor and piled with toppings! The Double-Fried Chicken tacos combine Korea's famous double-fried chicken with a southwestern twist. The Bulgogi tacos showcase classic Bulgogi (slightly sweet, soy-marinated beef), sticking to mostly Korean flavors (like a gochujang sauce), but served in a soft-shell corn taco.
I'm all about the flavors Coreanos offers, and I will definitely be back for more tacos soon!!Coreanos is without a doubt a hidden gem in Philly.  I am a taco fanatic, and I truly believe that you cannot find better tacos around.  David, the creator and owner, has really created some amazing food.  The first time I came with friends and we all tried different tacos.  I had the carnitas tacos and fell in love.  They are so juicy and flavorful.  They are hands down the BEST (and I'm not embellishing) the BEST carnitas I have ever had.  The salsa verde has the perfect amount of heat and freshness that breaks though the juice in the carnitas, and the Daikon Kimchi adds the perfect crunch.  The flavors mesh PERFECTLY.  I dream about these tacos.  The second time I went I tried the Bulgogi and the double fried chicken tacos as well as the carnitas tacos during their AWESOME happy hour special (4:30-7 everyday each taco is $2.50!!). Everything was phenomenal.  David really has a great sense of flavor!  The Bulgogi taco had the perfect balance of spice and sweetness, and the meat was chopped in perfect bites.  The ratio of meat to vegetables was perfect!  Every bite was so delightful.  The double fried chicken taco is a MUST.  The chicken once again was in PERFECT bite sized pieces and was so so so crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  It is the ultimate piece of fried chicken.  The white rice is such a great foundation for the taco in the tortilla.  Its adds an extra layer of texture and and taste that brings the whole dish together and the corn salsa I could eat with a spoon.  OMG what fantastic seasoning!  All of the tacos are served on two layers of the tastiest soft shell corn tacos.  I have never been disappointed by the service or the food.  It is such a cool spot and I look for every excuse to go!  If you don't eat here you are really missing out!Stop by today, tried the beef tacos and was impressed. Cooked well, sauce on the tacos was great highly suggest giving it a go so head over to race street in Chinatown and give the place a shot!I got the roasted chicken rich bowl. The whole to go box was full. The bowl was very flavorful and filling. I wasn't able to finish it so I had leftovers for lunch the next day. It was even better . I can't wait to go back to try the double fried chicken (they didn't have any left when I went that was about 830 on a Saturday only issue. The price was reasonable 13 bucks not to bad.Ordered the Bulgogi Tacos. Way too salty & didnt taste all that great. Could only eat 2 of 3 pieces.I came here with my brother because we were in town for Made in America concert and were staying at a near by hotel. We were looking for a quick bite that wouldn't take long and wouldn't cost much. I found this place on yelp and gave it a try. The location was great because it also given us options for other places to eat while staying near by. The guy working there was pretty cook and friendly with light conversation, the food was good with a little kick. All in all it was a good choice.There are few things I crave more than Korean tacos so naturally I had to try this place while checking out Chinatown Square. I decided to try the double fried chicken tacos simply because they sounded pretty awesome. The wait was really reasonable, the portion was huge however, the tacos themselves were ok. The chicken was a bit dry but perfectly crispy.  The salsa on top provided the needed acidity but it was falling off the chicken.  All in all this place seemed cool and I'm sure once they work through opening week, they will make those good components great. I'd definitely give them another go.Hands down one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. It's pretty much the only burger in Chinatown. Highly recommendThe place is located inside the new China Town Square. There is no sign outside and the address on yelp doesn't either so it was frustrating finding this restaurant.
Second...Soggy tacos!...couldn't even hold up the last one to take a bite without it breaking. Tried the bulgogi, al pastor and carnitas. Bulgogi is the most popular one but tasted the worst out of those 3. I'm an Indian girl with Korean tastebuds so trust me when I say don't get the bulgogi. 
I wouldn't come here again. 
Also, they have a $9 minimum for CC.
Oh! and the Yelp 10% off when you check in doesn't work anymore!!! Lame. Take it down then.
Sorry I get mean when my food doesn't hit the spot.I was v disappointed with this spot.  Located in the Chinatown mall, I came here with two friends after donating blood platelets.  This may be TMI, but I am setting the scene to let you know how hungry and ravenous I was, so you can feel my disappointment firsthand.
It was taco Tuesday and all tacos were $2.  Thinking back to it, why did I go to taco spot in Chinatown?  Well, because there was an Asian-Mexican fusion place I used to frequent in LA and was excited because I thought this would be like that spot.  I was sorely mistaken.  This was not well done at all.
I got the double fried chicken, moist chicken, and carnitas.  The carnitas was decent.  I didn't hate that one.  But, I take a bite into the shredded rotisserie chicken taco and literally bite into a bone.  To say I was peeved is an understatement...there was no turning back from that.  The double fried chicken was ALL breading.  The tacos were overstuffed and impossible to eat.  They overdid the cilantro.  So many complaints, I do not recommend.After a long walk through old city, I made my way to Chinatown Sqaure for the first time with the intention of trying Coreanos. I passed by other delicious options, but I stayed true to the game plan. I looked over the menu and there was so much that I wanted to try. I asked the chef if I was able to get three different tacos and he replied that is only something that they do on Tuesdays, but since it was not very busy (it was really early on a Saturday) he would do it. I was immediately excited and looking forward to the meal. My box of food glowed with lots of colors and fresh ingredients. I got one bulgogi, fried chicken and pork taco. These are not your ordinary tacos. They are inventive and unique with every bite. The bulgogi was my favorite. There so soooo much meat on my tacos!! With barely a crowd in the Square, I got the seat of my choice and sat down to enjoy my meal while listening to 90s boy band music playing over the speaker system. At 11 bucks for 3 tacos it is very reasonable pricing. They have lots of other options such as salads and rice bowls, as well as a rotisserie chicken.
After my meal I asked about gluten free. They use corn tortillas and a number of their meats (pork, chicken) are in the clear. Some of the meats have soy sauce in them so those would be off limits.Not sure if they are just struggling through being a new place but very lackluster food experience: 
-Bulgogi Salad with Gochujang and guacamole $13; sadly this was virtually inedible after a couple of bites. It was so salty and bulgogi was cold. Not sure where the saltiness came from but was overall very very salty. Also the sauce and kimchi has A LOT of liquid so it got soggy really fast. I can't imagine actually getting it for takeout. Flavors were nothing to crave for. 
-1/2 rotisserie chicken with Spanish rice $12; not actually rotisserie chicken? The skin tastes great, but is fried and crispy. The chicken was rather dry as well. 
2 stars because service was great and food came out very quickly but honestly I think the general taste of the food needs to be improved.The food was good, as street food goes, until you realize you're paying $10.  That combined with all the attitude from the woman taking my order (who couldn't seem to get off of her phone) make it only ok.  Should be listed as $$.Came here on Tuesday: tacos are $2 each! I was surprised because there was no sign up, so I guess it's word of mouth. So I got an double-fried chicken tacos. The chicken was pretty good, it was moist and seasoned nicely and was crispy. The rest of the taco (corn tortilla!) had nicely seasoned corn and beans, plain white rice and a thick Korean chili sauce (ssam) and came with radishes and lime. I didn't care for the ssam or lime because I felt like it took away from the flavors of the taco itself. 
That being said, the only person working there was really nice. If I'm near Chinatown Square, I will try some of the other options here.I'm from California, and it's hard to get delicious and decently priced Korean food in the city.  Coreanos is the perfect fix for me!
I ordered the rice bowl.  You choose your protein and toppings.  I got bulgogi, gochujang, kimchi, and veggies in it with salsa on the side.  The kimchi and bulgogi actually tastes like kimchi and bulgogi.  I was so happy about how authentic it tasted. The gochujang made the bowl a little sweet, but it was delicious.  The portion is generous (that you can save some for later!), and all of this was $12.  I was able to pay with a credit card, so the "cash only" statement may not be true anymore.
Friendly service + authentic taste + decent price = will be coming again!  Looking forward to trying their other dishes!Best new spot in Philly. I've been 3 times and always try something new. Everything's been fantastic!I've gotten around to eating at every spot in Chinatown Square, and I've got to say that eating at Coreanos Philly was something I really enjoyed. I'd be willing to eat there again anytime, whether with friends or just by myself. The food was really good when I got it. I had ordered chips with guacamole, grilled tomatoes, and some sauce which name escapes me at the time, but it was delicious. I'd also like to mention that the customer service was pretty good itself, no complications with my orders whatsoever and when I needed anything else, the employees were willing to help. Overall the experience there was great.This is more like a 3.5, but something tells me I should try some other menu items before I lay down the hammer. Disclaimer: Not a huge fan of fusion, so I tend to be lenient with these reviews. Coreanos is very divey with a unique Chinatown Square flair, serving food in cardboard boxes lined with a wax coating inside so the contents don't soak through. 
The carnitas tacos? Pretty much carnitas with kimchi on it, which was great! But not too fusion, so I feel like that's why it was a winner for me. 
Bulgogi tacos? Less of a winner, but still pretty good. I think it was missing kimchi because it had the ssam sauce and lettuce, which is very much Korean, but there was something missing. The bulgogi could have sat in the marinade for another 3 hours or so too.
The chicken appetizer was the least impressive to me since it was what I imagined the rice bowl to be, without the rice. Basically just crunchy chicken mixed with some corn salsa and lettuce with some gochujang sauce on the side.
I am curious about the other tacos, but maybe I'll come by during a special since it's a little too pricey to be messing around with food that might not live up to my expectations.My first Chinatown Square visit was a major success. 
My friend Bridget & I wandered through the first floor and landed at Coreanos, and I think we were both thrilled with our lunches.
I ordered a bowl, and built it with rice, bulgogi, veggies, gochujang, and guacamole. The bowl came out pretty quickly and I ate every grain of rice and every bit of kimchi. The steak was tender and flavorful, I loved the bright and tangy flavors of the kimchi & bulgogi. It was a very generous portion, and I would love to try it with one of the chicken options or carnitas.
My friend ordered a bowl as well, but got it loaded with extra veggies. She also really enjoyed her bowl. 
Service was pretty quick, considering it was on the verge of the lunch rush.
Really looking forward to coming back!The first time I went to coreanos I LOVED it. It was literally amazing. I always go back around when I'm at Chinatown square. To anyone that wants to try it I advise you to try the rice bowls (:Got the salad bowl with bulgogi and was instantly disappointed. The Gochujang sour cream sauce  lacked flavor and the bulgogi tasted as though it was not even marinated. Not sure what the craze is about.
I spoke to Sandra, the person at the register, about the meat. After I insisted that she taste it, she agreed that it tasted unseasoned and offered to make me a new one, but I took a rain check for next time. I'll update this review then.FIY: As of today (2/25/17), they're CASH ONLY
My boyfriend and I wandered into the food court that Coreanos is located in today cause initially, we were just thinking about getting Halal Guys. But after walking in and looking around at the MANY options they offered there, we decided on trying out Coreanos along with getting halal. Divide and conquer people.
WHAT WE GOT: Bulgogi tacos
PROS: They give you 3 tacos here instead of the usual 2 that they give you at other taco specialty restaurants. The flavors were well matched in the bulgogi one: sweetness of the meat paired with the spicy tang of the gochujang sauce they drizzled on top in just the right amount, adding the perfect kick, all balanced out with the neutral coolness of the lettuce. The wait time was pretty short too. I only really waited like 5 minutes before my name was called. Coreanos is located at the very back part of the food court, right next to the sitting area, so it has easy access to all the tables. 
CONS: The construction of the tacos were a bit messy. Everything was just kind of piled on the shells so the ingredients on the top were flowing out and onto the taco next to it or out into the box.Let's take two of the best food groups (yes, they're food groups now), put them together, and you get Coreanos. It's not the first time this has been done, and it won't be the last. What Coreanos does is fuse the two categories seamlessly, although the Korean side shine through more. I've had their rotisserie chicken (soy-lime marinated), rice bowl, and taco al pastor so far and have been impressed. It's the first time I've had rotisserie chicken with crispy skin. The rice bowl is YUGE and they don't skimp on the protein. Taco al pastor could compete with the best of them around Washington Ave. Great spot, and I can see this being THE spot for drunk food (other than Halal Guys, of course).Awesome.  I read about the 3 taco special on Tuesday but as another Yelper mentioned, if you ask for it on another day, you could be in luck.  And I was!  The man in charge stated "well, we only do it on Tuesdays but since we're not busy..."  I knew I wanted the Bulgogi (sliced ribeye in sweet soy marinade, shredded lettuce, radish slices, cojita, and gochujang) and the Beef (smoked cumin ground sirloin & chuck, shredded lettuce, pico de gallo, gucamole, cojita, and gochujang sour cream) but was unsure about my third choice.  I asked the man what he recommended and he replied with no hesitation: Carnita (braised pork in acidulated water, onions, cilantro, salsa verde, shredded lettuce).  Not surprisingly, that ended up as my favorite with the Beef close behind.  
Helpful and efficient service.  So much more to try on my next visit.My daughter and I came here for late night eats. I love the location because they are open late. We got three different tacos and an order of chips and guacamole. I loved the guacamole. It was very flavorful. I didn't like the chips so much. I am not a person who prefers thicker chips. The tacos however were delicious. We got double fried chicken, al pastor and bulgogi. All of the tacos were good. The double fried chicken and al pastor was my favorite. The pork had a really good flavor. The young lady and the cook were very nice even though it was so late.