This corner bakery is a diamond in the rough, one morning when I came in to get my usual Swiss chilled oatmeal they had already sold out (by about 9 am), so instead I got a coffee and just sat down to check some emails. After about 5 mins, the woman behind the counter came to find me and said they had made more for me! It was way more than expected and I will definitely keep coming backLoved this place for breakfast; dined here both mornings while in Philadelphia.  Excellent coffee, omelettes and steel cut oats.  Nice friendly service as well.I don't know why some of the ratings are so low on this place because that was the best breakfast I've had in a long time! We were here for the Fourth of July and with so few restaurants around the hotel we decided to try this. Glad we did because it was a really positive experience :)Went here for lunch today around 12:30.  It was busy, as expected.  The food was pretty good, but the service was horrendous.  The associate that took my order was not happy to be there.  She mumbled the entire time I spoke with her and even when I said "excuse me?", clearly unable to hear her, she continued to stare blankly at me and made no attempt to speak up.  
One of my lunchmates waited over 25 minutes for her soup and half sandwich, so as anyone would do, she went to check on her order.  The employee she asked said "I'm so overwhelmed right now, that I don't know what to do!" and stormed off.  That kind of response is completely unwarranted, especially directed at a customer.  Completely inappropriate and unprofessional.
If you do come here, avoid the lunch rush.  I won't be returning.Last day in Philly and didn't have a lot of time before the airport shuttle was leaving. A friend recommended the breakfast sandwiches at Corner Bakery Cafe. I ordered the Anaheim Panini and a Coffee. The sandwich was ready a few minutes after I was done adding cream and sugar to my coffee. 
I took it to go and enjoyed eating across the street in the plaza. A warm tasty sandwich and a good cup of coffee. The staff was friendly and efficient.I hate to do this but this was the worst experience ever. Came for coffee but not only was it cold and terrible....they ran out of it and even though customers told them there was no coffee they didn't fill it up. Why keep giving coffee cups out and have no coffee? I could understand if it was busy but it wasn't. It's Sunday morning, one thing you should have is coffee. Our breakfast sandwiches were cold. Not a good way to end our weekend in philly.Although the food is great, i had a bad experience there this weekend and will never step food inside again.
I visited this CB location around 1pm. My friend ran inside to pick up our food. She accidentally left her brand new iphone on the counter. About an hour later (maybe less) we realized it was missing. The good thing about technology is that the "find my iphone" app, told us that the phone was still at the store. We called the store to speak to the manager; the store was closed, the manager said she looked around and asked the staff and nobody saw the phone. While still looking at this app on another phone, we're trying to tell the manager there, somebody has the phone and we were coming to get it. She advised us to call the authorities, which we did. On the journey back to the store, while still tracking with the app, the phone 'mysteriously' moved on the app, outside and then was back inside the store. Upon arrival back to the store, my friend searched the perimeter of the store, sidewalk, street, table/chairs outside, under and around a truck that was a few feet from the door (places she didn't even go to) and still no phone. When she got inside a worker came in behind them minutes later asking, "are you the one who called about the phone? I just found it outside in the street."
What I find most interesting is:
1. The outside of the perimeter was searched before walking into the store.
2. The phone was bone dry and today's weather included a wintery mix
3. The whole front of the phone was shattered as if it were struck with something multiple times, not run over (if that were the case) -- no other part of the phone (back, sides, etc.), was damaged. The phone is made of glass, why wasn't the back shattered too? (esp if it was made to look like it were run over)
4. The headphones were smashed also.
5. Again, if you found the phone outside, why was it BONE DRY?
So, the manager, requested that my friend apologize to her staff, who obviously didn't have the phone. Really?The delicious sandwiches and salads, friendly staff, and outdoor seating win my vote. Dining at Corner Bakery for lunch is always a treat. 
I go with their salad-and-sandwich combo. The mixed greens salad is excellent, and my favorite sandwich is the turkey on pretzel bread - SUPER YUM. The mustard-mayo is light enough to really give sandwich some "kick" but not overwhelm the customer. (I'm not typically a mustard or mayo fan in the first place.)
Service is quick but the staff never make you feel rushed, and prices are fair. (I think a soup/salad combo runs close to around $8?)Heb hier een grote salade besteld. Die was groot genoeg om zowel als lunch en als diner te gebruiken. Ze hebben voldoende keuze. De dressing werd apart verpakt wat erg fijn is en ik kreeg er een klein stukje brood bij. De salade smaakte prima. Ik sluit niet uit dat ik hier nog een keer iets ga bestellen.I came here with my group of friends while visiting the Franklin Institute. It was easy and convenient to eat here since it's literally right next to the Franklin Institute! Also, it's perfect for a quick fix! It's very similar to Panera Bread where it offers soups, salads, and sandwiches. 
Because we had a group of 10, they opened up the room next door, which was very nice of them, so we didn't have to split up. Also, they were very quick, efficient, and attentive with the food, water, and us! The food is decent for a chain. I got an order of chicken noodle soup - MY FAVE! and it almost hit the spot but it was lacking some hardy noodles. I think I also got a sandwich, which is okay. 
It's definitely a great place to eat if you're in Philly for sightseeing, museums, and touristy landmarks; instead of the food! But the food here is good and sufficient if you just want to have energy to keep going and traveling instead of relaxing and enjoying!!I ordered the Cheddar Bacon Panini to go today for breakfast. I was extremely hungry and missed breakfast, notwithstanding, it was fantastic, and made my work day a little better. When food affects mood, you know something's right. 1 star off for price because I'm cheap and I think it rang me about 6 something with tax.I think when it's a chain - you kind of know what to expect location to location in terms of food right. The thing to highlight here is the service. I've been in for lunch/coffee the past two Saturdays because of a training I've been doing across the street. Both times the staff have been excellent, friendly, and quick. 
The food is good - what you would expect from a place thats akin to Cosi, Panera, etc. A little over priced for 'fast food gourmet' but again to be expected. I got a Santa Fe Salad today that was rockstar and huge. It served as my lunch and dinner.Never mind the food. The service at this place is horrendous. 
I can understand the occasional mix-up or kitchen mishap. But if a catering delivery that was placed LAST WEEK is going to be an hour and a half late, you should be kissing my butt and apologizing not telling me that "you just spoke to someone at my office" That was half an hour ago, Beverly, thanks. 
And then when I inform you that it was a while ago you get all huffy and say "no, like 5 minutes". REALLY? You're going to have the audacity to argue with me about an order that you won't comp even though it's far past due? Oh, but my next order is free. 
Needless to say, there won't be a next time. Thanks, but no thanks.
EDIT: We attempted to place another order a week after and they wouldn't comp it. then, 2 weeks later we FINALLY get a call back from a manager - but only b/c they didnt tax us and he wanted to be sure were a non profit. We're not - someone else comped the tax in an attempt to fix the original problem. needless to say WE GOT A BILL FOR WHAT WAS COMPED. This is the last place on earth I'd order catering from - seriously.Good place to pick a quick breakfast or evening snack. Free wifi. Neat and clean. Not much crowded. Good friendly staff.food was ok.  Price was good.  Nothing stood out good or bad.  Filled the tummyGreat soups, sandwiches, salads, coffee and baked goods.  Service here is wonderful and extremely efficient.  Perfect stop for a quick lunch on the go.For a chain restaurant, this place is pretty good.  The food is decent (everything is super salty though).  The service is so-so, and always takes a long time.  This makes sense at lunchtime, when the place is a madhouse, but I've also stopped in before and after work, and still had really slow service.  I like that they have a nice big seating area.  The baked goods are very tasty.  They also have pretty good deals if you sign up for their email list, although you will also get lots of ads from them as well.Corner Bakery is a reliable spot for a decent breakfast and good coffee. The fact that you can get a small, keep refilling, and then take it with is absolutely fantastic.
The wireless here is also great. There are limited power outlets, but once you know where they are you're fine.
This is the go to spot when I'm in this section of the city and need to work for a few minutes...Fairly reliable standard lunchtime fare - sandwiches, soups and salads. Some of the food is very fatty, so order with care if you care. All the nutrition info is on the website. I like this place for a bowl of tomato basil soup and a comfortable place to sit. Their bread is actually quite good, and the desserts are tasty. I have eaten tons of meals here due to the proximity to my office.  If you have a to-go order, be smart and call it in. I wish there was a place with similar menu that was not a chain in this area that didn't suck. Please, tell me if you know of one! Save me from lunch-time ennui.This place is nice and convenient for lunch. They are really quick at taking your order so dont freak out if there is a long line and they are pretty fast at bringing the food out too. I wish they had more variety of lower calorie foods. The lowest calorie item is 600 calories for a chicken sandwich which is delicious but it would be great if their other items were a bit healither. Food is pretty good! Also they take take out orders which is quick and convenient if you want a 10 minute lunch.I've been to one near my house several times, so I knew what to expect in terms of food and environment. Panini and clam chowder we had were good. Coffee is always decent. After a long walk around the city, it was nice to sit and hang out. 
A couple of small complaints on this particular location are:
1. Rude grumpy employee: She brought our food, took it away, and answered our questions, but she looked mad every time we saw her. 
2. Bathroom needed some care. 
There was a sign on the door that read "Don't throw anything other than toilet paper in the toilet" but there was no trash can. And I noticed the other toilet dirty. One of the soap dispensers was missing, leaving gross glue residue on the wall. It was like a gas station bathroom.  Not appropriate for their brand image.I love their Asian Chicken Salad!  Food comes quick and servers are always friendly!  The place is crowded but no worries, you always find a seat.   If you join their
membership, periodically they send coupons (buy two entrees for price of one).I'm not sure what is happening at this place but it's not good.  They recently stopped providing frequent customer cards that gave you a free sandwich with 10 purchases.  The last few times I've been there for lunch the bread used in the sandwiches was very stale,dried out and obviously several days old.  I'm going back to the Shops at Liberty Place for lunch. 
Do you know what they call a bakery that has a reputation of selling stale food?
CLOSEDI like the food here, but the concept of having someone search all over the place for your card is really annoying. The reason being:
1. Them walking around aimlessly to find me causes my food to get cold (when I order pasta or panini)
2. I have seen some food delivery people sneeze while holding the tray..YUCK!
3. I have seen servers never seem to find the person that ordered the food.
4. Some of them just stand there and not even make any sort of effort to look for the person with that food order.
Anyway, moving onto the food (ordered there):
-Mac n Cheese w/bacon and tomatoes - delicious! Cheesy and creamy with just the right amount of flavor.
-Ceasar Salad - my salad was brown!
-Chicken Carbonara - Also really good. I enjoy their pastas.
Food being catered (my work orders from here often). I've basically tried almost all of their sandwiches:
-The ham on pretzel is way too salty! They should make the pretzel bread without salt bc the ham is already salty.
-DC Chicken salad - love!! I always loved fruit mxed in with chicken. Gives it a lil Umph!
-Chicken Pesto - It's ok. I think they overload it with too much arugula, but I know a few coworkers that love it that way.
Uptown Turkey - prob one of my favoritesThis location sucks! Ordered a chill Swiss Oats for breakfast this morning and they gave me the berry almond oats. When I mentioned the mix up they told me it was the same, just with berries. News flash it's not. I had to run to a meeting so I didn't have time to argue about it. Plus the individual ringing me up seemed preoccupied with a conversation rather than taking my order, which I repeated 3 times. I won't be giving them any business and I'll be sure my company doesn't order any catering from them either.Fairly standard breakfast/lunch type place. Seems a lot like panera but with less variety. The Anaheim panini was really good though, get some hot sauce on the side for a banging meal.This restaurant has a lot of seating including spots where you can have a private conversation sometimes depending on the time of day. It has great food for the standard american diet. I use it a lot when I have clients and need to order out and have food brought in.  My client gets the caesar salad with chicken and she raves about it. I vary it, but always get a salad and never get disappointed.
I wish CBC delivered for regular orders, though; it does delivery for catering services.Went there because I was passing buy with less than 15 minutes left for my lunch break I ordered a sandwich combo 1/2 California grille and kale caesar salad it was ok. Dont think I would be backI ordered breakfast catering from Corner Bakery for a seminar of 50 people, and was extremely pleased.  
The food was DELICIOUS; everybody raved about it.  We got the fruit trays + baked goods. The fruit was especially pleasantly surprising, because this order was in March, but the fruit was extremely fresh.  No gross white strawberries or cantaloupe.  No gooey fruit.  All lovely.
The deliverer was very nice and helpful.  I arrived a little bit after him, and he already had it all pretty much set up.
Big plus:  they actually brought more than enough plasticware, napkins, cups, stirrers, and sugar & cream for the coffee.  I've found this is pretty rare for caterers.   And the coffee was excellent.
Only 1 negative comment:  They charge $2 per bottle of water.  And we had a HUGE order.  When I initially ordered the water, the employee on the phone quoted me $1/bottle because of the order size, so I said OK.  But when they emailed the invoice, it was at $2/bottle.  I immediately called to correct it, but the girl on the phone was kind of rude and said that the person I talked to previously was just wrong.  So I cancelled the waters.
That was pretty minor though; I'm still going to be ordering from here whenever I need an event catered in Philly.This place is a mad house at lunch time. Take out will have you waiting for 15 mins. I ordered thinking it would be quicker. Not really. The seating near the door is great. I ended up eating my lunch off of my lap as it was easier than heading back to the office with it. 
Food is good - hot lentil soup $4 and spaghetti carbonara $7.Just like other people are saying, I wandered around for a bit and I wasn't sure what I wanted. And I saw this place and said, eh how bad can it be? There's actually more to The Corner Bakery than I thought.
I came in around dinner time so the place was near empty (lunch time is the peak). After much deliberating I got the Carbonara and it was so good I just had to go back to register to tell the cashier what I thought about it.
"FOCKIN ROCKIN!"
It was a pretty big portion too. I only ate half of it even though "I'm equipped" to eat all of it. I haven't been back, but I will try it again. Maybe I'll go to the one in Ardmore next time.This place is awesome, great coffee and breakfast and friendly service. Order then take a seat with your number card and your food will be brought rite out. If your in the area and hungry, stop in. It's affordable too, better than those other chain places that begin with an "M"I'm giving them a 4th star because they are one of the few places that brew organic ice tea that is not, I repeat NOT, brewed through machines that brew coffee as well. This allows for pleasant ice tea taste and no nasty old coffee filter after taste. I'm looking at your DD. They also brew it year round which is another huge plus for me. And a final kudos for outdoor seating that doesn't take over the entire sidewalk that is placed on the shaded side of the building. So you can sit outside without getting baked even if there is no umbrella at your table.I love that Uptown Turkey and Loaded Baked Potato soup both super delicious and the prices are reasonable. Not only that but there is wait staff that bring your meal to you. It's a cute little place for traditional American dishesYummy chopped salad (roasted chicken, bacon, avocado, bleu cheese, tomatoes, green onions with iceberg/romaine lettuce & sweet and spicy house vinaigrette) with & really yummy loaded potato soup. I wait patiently every week for Wednesday to come around so I can go get me a bowl of loaded potato soup.
One thing though...
WHY DO YOU CLOSE AT 5pm?? I went to corner bakery yesterday, so happy but when I got to the door.. IT WAS LOCKED. I was not a happy camper when I got back to my boyfriend's car, & he knew it. Besides the one downside that Corner Bakery doesn't open past 5pm, I think it's a great place to get a satisfying soup/salad, sandwich/salad deal. (Kinda like a cheap Panera)
The only real reason I go, is for the loaded potato soup. Mmmm.Steve from catering was super helpful. I called on a Sunday morning for a custom sweets box (I wanted breakfast items added bc it was for a brunch) and he had it ready in 30 mins with my custom items added. Thanks for the awesome service!This location does not keep a clean kitchen. Tomato pieces and jam were on the inside of my husband's plain toast. My son then threw up after his buttered bagel due to his egg allergy. He didn't order anything with egg. Management denied that any of our issues occurred.whatever happened to customer service?  the staff here blows.  they are all teenagers, and it alarms me how bitter they already seem to be with the world.  you are young!!!  
the corner bakery is another offender - order a bagel with butter, and you'll get it unprepared.  meaning, you have to go over to their little counter, cut up ice-cold butter more solid than the flimsy knife you're trying to use, have your bag slip from your shoulder in the process and its weight takes out the stack of napkins and pile of utensils next to you, while trying to resituate yourself your scarf falls on the bagel, and meanwhile, other customers are heaving sighs and rolling their eyes because they want to use the tiny space to sweeten their coffees.  f-y'all - i'm forever more going to buy bagels from my local bakery, and make them at home where it's not a struggle against society.  so done with the corner bakery and its snooty high schoolers.This corner bakery is the perfect spot of the quick lunch break. It feels like your in an actual restaurant and the food is beyond affordable! It also taste really fresh. I also really recommend the to go orders if you are in a rush! It's ready very quickly and packaged perfectly!
If your staying in for lunch there is plenty of seating!Chicken Salad on Rye bread was such a treat. The ingredients were so fresh and crisp. Yummy !!!!Love the breakfast sandwiches here!  Also, the staff are very friendly.  Tables outside on JFK when the weather is nice.Boss ordered from them for our lunch today. Order arrived promptly and everything was accounted for. 
We ordered the lunch meat and cheese sandwiches and a large salad with croutons. The bread was fresh and all the meat and cheese was also. It's average fare that's hard to get wrong, so I'm not going to say I love this place... yet.
My only complaint lies with the croutons. They were a little too hard and pretty tasteless. But perhaps you could call me a crouton snob... I eat them in many restaurants and even make my own. So these left much to be desired.We came on a Saturday afternoon. It was basically empty. We ordered quickly, but then it took almost 30 minutes to receive our food even though it was not busy. People who ordered after us received their food first. When I got my Mac and cheese it was cold and my sandwich tomatoes on my panini which I had asked to just be turkey and cheese. When I brought this to their attention, they simply removed them and gave me back the sandwich... if that's what I wanted I would have done that myself. Super rude and unprofessional.I'm loving  this place and I just started going there two weeks ago. Someone gave me free coffee and free chips because someone didn't make my order right. The manager was happy and willing to do anything to make my visit great. 
The food is great and my fav sandwich is "Chicken Pomodori on Sourdough" .After a long day visiting Tut, I needed something good and fresh for a really late lunch.  I opted for the combo, I got an Uptown Turkey sandwich (hickory smoked turkey, apple wood smoked bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomatoes & mayo on whole grain harvest toast, plus a cup of really yummy loaded baked potato soup garnished with green onion and chopped tomato.  Their food is super delicious and incredibly yummy.  And they have the best sweet tea.  I would have had a dessert, but I would have spent like a half hour trying to decide wish piece of yummy goodness to buy.
I loved this place, you will too!  Just a word of warning, they are closed on Saturdays and Sundays and on weekdays, they close at 4:00 pm.Six of us made plans to meet and eat at the Corner Bakery Cafe, and when we arrived to park our scooters there was a Corner Bakery Cafe delivery vehicle taking up all six motorcycle and scooter parking spots.  We waited and waited for the vehicle to be moved and nobody ever did.  Then, one of the locals in the area told us that the Corner Bakery Cafe delivery truck ALWAYS parks illegally in MC/scooter only parking.  We then spent an hour trying to park in center city but realized that most of them were already taken up by cars or SUVs or other MCs or scooters.  WE ended up going to eat and drink at Gunner's Run in Northern Liberties instead.  No parking hassle there at all.MMMM child, lunch is gonna get beeeetttterr. MMM child things will get brighter.....
Cheesey, yes. But this is how I feel when I move into my new office to discover this is in walking distance. Because we don't have a Panera, Corner Bakery is my next favorite lunch spot.
They have an oatmeal bar for breakfast (all of the magnificent Cereality-esce toppings are free). Their soups and sides are perfect for a light lunch, and their sandwiches are real and something you'd actually want to eat. (Saladworks, die a horribly slow death.)
This is owned by Maggiano's so you know you are getting really good food.
HIT: Get the Chicken Pesto sandwich, a crumb cake and an iced tea and you will love Monday's again.Walked by this place and it smelled amazing.  From the outside looking in, this placed looked like a nice spot to try.  Entering the restaurant, didn't seem quite the same as my view from the outside, but I continued to check the menu out.  It was still early, breakfast time, around 9:30(ish).  This place is basically like a Panera bread, but In my opinion, Panera Bread is better.  
The menu had nothing that stood out to me.  I desperately considered leaving and finding another place to eat.  I was really hungry though, so I could not wait!  I somewhat forced myself to give this place a try.  I waited at the counter to order, but no one really asked if they could help me.  So I just started telling the worker my order. I ordered a breakfast panini and asked for potatoes on the side which was an extra $1.  That's Fine. By this time it was 9:50, almost the switch over for lunch time.. I had asked if the potatoes were still available and the lady said yes we had another 10 minutes before lunch time.  Great!  So she gave us the order number and we sat down and waited for our food.  They brought the food over to our table and collected the number.  I looked at the plate thinking this was not our order because I didn't order FRUIT, I ordered POTATOES.   So I went up to the counter right away and told them I got fruit instead of the potatoes.  This other employee said they were out of potatoes.  Hmmmm ok cause 10mins ago you said you had them, but ok fine. Fruit it is.  The fruit was all mushy and seemed a couple weeks old. He did, however, give us a free bag of chips.  
Anyway, I tried the panini, it was ok, not the best, the eggs were questionable, the avocado seemed good.  Overall, I ate most of it, but wouldn't go there again.  Maybe lunch is better?? I don't know, but I won't be there to try it.  There are many other places to try in Philadelphia.The RH lunch crowd dine here and take up every single seat during the hours of 11am until around 2. I stopped in here for a lunch date with KP last week and we waited in a pretty long line to order but it moved pretty swiftly and within 5 minutes we were looking for a table to sit at.They are a good amount of veggie items here but most sandwiches and salads are way over in cal content so come prepared to use the bulk of your caloric intake for lunch. 
I did the veggie version of the fresco sandwich it wasnt bad but it also wasnt the best thing id ever eaten it was pretty standard and i omitted the mayo. I wish they served breakfast all day long because those options appealed to me slight more. I wouldnt rush back to eat here but its close to my office and the prices match up well to the food and service.The business district of Center City tends to be a ghost-town on the weekends. So when the GF's folks were in town, we were surprised to see that the Corner Bakery was open on a Saturday morning. Needing some simple fuel for the typical tourist walk, we stopped in.
There's plenty of seasoning here - clearly capable of taking in the business crowd during the work week. 
Mac n Cheese & Caesar Salad Combo [$8.69]
The GF decided to go with the mac n cheese & salad combo. The macaroni was nicely al dente, with a sharp cheddar sauce coating the noodles - a bit wet for my taste, but certainly to the GF's liking. It came topped with bread crumbs and grilled bread on the side.
A side of caesar salad was decent - lettuce, shreds of Parmesan, and bread crumbs - hard to go wrong here. 
Anaheim Scrambler [$7.89]
Scrambled eggs, smoked bacon, tomatoes, green onions, cheddar, avocado
I was in the mood for a breakfast sandwich so went with one of their scrambler sandwiches. A melange of creamy avocado and scrambled eggs was accented nicely by the bite of green onion and the crispy bits of bacon. The cheddar brought it all together within the house-made bread, grilled on a panini. I was hoping for a side of home fries, but they were out shortly before noon.
So if you're looking for some simple fare with some house-made bread, check out Corner Bakery! There's no Panera on the west-side of City Hall, so this will definitely do!Friendly service, great tuna salad sandwich, good chips. The prices are very reasonable. They should clean the windows though.This place will make you be that much more sad that Philly doesn't have a Panera. 
Not worth too lengthy of a review as it is a typical fast food / service kind of place. The menu just isn't all that interesting and the taste just really is lacking. It is in the bread. Panera just wins out on better bread and more interesting combinations of cheese/proteins.while not a blow-your-mind breakfast place, it's sufficient to fill your stomach at a reasonable price. i ordered the anaheim scramble with a side of potatoes and a small bottled oj (total: around 9 bucks and some change.) the eggs and potatoes were mediocre but filling. no complaints here as i knew what to expect.
as a gluten intolerant diner, i can't attest to the quality and/or deliciousness if their pastries. however, these flour-laden items looked tasty. 
pleasant dining area and staff. one of the nicest "panera"-type places i've come across in my travels.Would you rather
Spend $18 for breakfast from a franchise place with a full kitchen and full staff that takes 25 minutes to get your food  ---OR---  Spend $8 for breakfast from 2 guys in a cart that can hardly speak English but could serve 50 people in the same amount of time?
I made the wrong decision this morning.  Stick with the trucks.
I've been here for lunch also and the soups aren't bad.For a franchise, Corner Bakery Cafe has some high quality food and a comforting atmosphere. Very similar to Panera, Corner Bakery Cafe offers breakfast, cafe style food, and an assortment of pastries. Their quinoa oatmeal and spinach sweet crisp salad are my two favorite items on the menu. If you ever pass one of these, you should definitely stop in and try it out!First introduced to this place by my gf's friend. We don't have one of these in NYC. Was pretty excited. As I first walk in, my first opinion of the place is close similarity compared to Panera in regards to the food, decor, and ordering. But Corner Bakery is clearly cleaner and chic compared to Panera. They also offer more options of tea, coffee, and sweets. I liked it.i have never actually been to this place but they deliever to my office every few weeks for lunch meetings and wow!!! most fabulous sandwitches! i have never seen a menu or known exactly what the sandwitches i have eaten are called, but they are always so unique. i like being surprised when its corner bakery. today i had a chicken salad sandwitch with nuts and rasins! last week i had a roast beef with avacado and tasty dressings. just well thought out sandwitches.Corner Bakery is a reliable restaurant to hit on your lunch break for salads, soups, pastas, mac and cheese, and sandwiches. The food is decent but nothing is absolutely stellar. What's nice about Corner Bakery is that you can carbo load with comfort foods if you want or you can chose to take the healthier route and get one of their salads. They have a huge variety of sandwiches and salads and they also offer a "pick 2" option. I tend to go with the pick 2 option so I can try half of a sandwich and half of a salad. I recommend the rustic Italian Panini, if you're willing to accept that it's 950 calories (yikes). 
Corner Bakery is conveniently located right across the street from the Comcast Center. The restaurant is quite large with a lot of tables. There is a genuine restaurant feel here and it's affordably priced. I love their chips and cookies... I just wish the food was better.Positives-Fast friendly service. Fair price
Negative-have your employees take the time to make the breakfast sandwich with common sense. If the croissant is falling apart maybe you should not use it for a customer's breakfast sandwich. The whole thing was falling apart and could not be eaten like a sandwich. I had to use a fork. And this is not the first time I have experienced this here.We had a delicious breakfast here while staying downtown. Portions were hearty. Service was quick and friendly. Huge seating areas. 
The only area which seemed neglected was the bathroom which was dirty, had no paper towels, and TP was just sitting on handicap handrail instead of inside the dispenser (super gross!)Just stopped in for a danish and coffee before a meeting. They have coffee with unlimited refills and a home made version of a blueberry pop tart. Extremely friendly and helpful service and just what I needed this morning.I love this place.  Where else can you get a real breakfast sandwich to go, i.e., an egg, cheese, and ham paninni?  They've got yummy breakfast food, from breakfast panini to oatmeal to fruit and yogurt parfaits, great coffee, scrumptious bagels and mini bundt cakes, good rolls, and even yummier lunch choices.  They've got sandwiches, salads, soups, etc. etc.  You can take out or, if you want, place your order at the counter, pick up your numbered ticket, sit at a table, put the ticket on the little holder thingy, and they'll bring you your food.  Easy as pie.  Oh, I think they have pie, too...  The only thing that I don't like is that I tried to take friends here for Sunday brunch once, and they were closed.  Turns out they're not open on the weekend.I hate to give a place one star, but this place has consistently disappointed.  It's like the staff just doesn't care at this point.  I walked in for a pastry today and asked for it warmed up.  The young woman at the cash register couldn't have been any more miserable or disinterested.  She took my order, and never even so much as bothered to walk over and place my pastry back by the kitchen so they could warm it up.  I had a meeting to go to, but I just wanted to see how long I would stand there before she noticed.....an eternity goes by and she finally comes over and says, 'Oh, I guess I didn't put your order in' and then non chalantly takes her time and doesn't even say I'm sorry.  This has happened time and time again.  It's the morning people, folks have to get to their jobs and these folks walk around like they are miserable and could care less if you have somewhere to go.  I actually stopped going here a few months ago and just went in on a whim hoping things had changed, but they haven't!  Save yourself some grief and don't go here, especially if you are in a hurry.Promising menu and also the plate looks like the photo.
Even the ingredients for the Anaheim scrambler are better than expected for this kind of venue.
BUT getting the eggs and potatos cold/half warm is really a bummer at 8:30am
Coffee is as it is everywhere....I admit, I default to this place when I can't think of anything else to eat, but it's only because they take credit cards and they're less than a block away from work...
This is a VERY busy lunch destination, and they have table service, but that means you stand in line at a register to order and pay for food and then try to find an open table with your little number and wait for someone to find you with your food.  Getting a table is so much easier now that they've expanded into another store front next door, so the army re-con vibe of table-finding is now pretty much extinguished.  
I must stress that the food runners are very nice, but they only bring you your food.  I've seen WAY too many older women yelling at the runners to bring them silverware, etc.  The silverware (it really is metal) is next to the soda fountain and various stations around the restaurant and it's self-serve.
The food here is meh...pretty tasteless, but not bad.  I recommend their panini over anything else as I've found heating makes them taste more like something.  The soups are really good.  The deserts and pastries are AWESOME, but really expensive.  A lady behind me in line the other commented on the fact that a 2"square brownie costs $2.29.  A whole bundt cake can go for as much as $30, which, while cheaper than bakeries, isn't really as good as the bakery's.
I definitely recommend their catering services.  They are reasonable, satisfy most dietary restrictions, and they are ON TIME with their deliveries.  Plus, if works is paying for it, go for their crazy dream bars or the maple pecan bars.  You'll thank me for it.I went here for the first time today. 
The line was quick and during lunch time. I got the mac n cheese and broccoli cheddar soup. 
The mac n cheese was pretty okay....not the best....but okay...
The soup.....NEVER again. I had to take a few spoonfuls to really be sure....it tasted like the broccoli was never washed. There wasn't a cheddar flavor either. I had to toss out a soup that cost almost 8 dollars. I kept the bread bowl that I got cause I can't pass up sourdough bread and also I dip it into my mac n cheese. 
I may go back and try something else....but the soup was horrible. Too bad cause I work right around the corner. I will go across the street for the soup from now on.Decent place to grab breakfast before going to the convention center from my hotel. Food is okay and service is decent. No one seems to love working here but at least they get the job done.I went to the corner bakery today for the first time for lunch. I spoke with the attendant very specifically about my needs as an individual with Celiac. I did not expect them to be able to provide a separate kitchen. I understood that. We discussed the ingredients in salad dressings and a few of the additions in the salads that would make them not gluten free. He confirmed the dressing that I wanted was gluten free. 
He confirmed the one additional ingredient was not so he left that off the salad. I paid and thanked him. Imagine my surprise when my salad comes out with a lovely piece of bread sitting smack-dab on the salad. I explained to the food runner then I opted to go back to the kitchen with the food runner because I did not want them to just remove the bread and give me back the salad, contaminated. When I went back to the kitchen the staff explained to me that bread was just like a condiment and added to all salads. I was extremely disappointed after having spent a significant amount of time speaking with a representative from the Corner Bakery to place my order. This would have been a perfect opportunity to demonstrate exceptional customer service and yet, they failed.Nice little breakfast spot. We stayed at a hotel around the corner and this was perfect. Two of us ordered the Anaheim scrambler which was very good. Great coffee and not to pricey. Would recommend.Been here twice in the past week and purchased the same thing both times. I'm trying to make better choices when it comes to the food I eat, and when I forgot to pack a meal for lunch I thought I was in trouble. I walked around for literally 20 minutes trying to find a place I could get a quick, healthy meal. I decided to go into the Corner Bakery and saw a sign for their Power Turkey Panini Thin, which with egg whites is only around 250 calories. Everything in this sandwich was healthy and gave me the brain food I needed to continue my day. The people taking your order are also very friendly and I didn't even wait very long for my meal on either days.I've been going to this location off and on for  the past ten years.  All I can say is recently the service has gone completely downhill.  I placed an order online for lunch recently. When I went to pick it up at the appointed time I stood in the pickup express line while the cashiers ignored me. When I walked up to the counter and told them I was picking up my order. The cashier asked me, "Oh, you've been standing there all this time?" Really?!? 
If you're looking for unprofessional, indifferent and lackadaisical service you can find it at this Corner Bakery location. Did I mention my order was wrong?Not my kind of place. I decided to check out the one on 17th and JFK before the lunch hour rush and got the Breakfast Combo which was a bland panini with eggs and bacon, it came with a cup of potato bits that taste kind of funny, everything was extra greasy. I was the only one in line and I had to wait 5 minutes for my food preparation, the baked treats looked really enticing, it was hard to just stand there and not order a Cheesecake Brownie. The layout of the store seems a bit weird and not easy to understand, but they do have signs. This is probably how it is similar to Cosi's. However the place seems pretty open and spacious, although rather inefficient. Table sitting inside maybe limited, because even at 10AM it seems like most of the seats were taken.They made the wrong sandwich, and it was overpriced for the type of food they serve.I headed in for lunch and found it to be a good spot during the workday.  Great choice of sandwiches, counter service and time isn't too long for a custom made sandwich.  It's a step up from Subway, but it wasn't anything memorable.  I'll definitely go back since my office is close by and my time for lunch is limited so quick is key.We had this Corner Bakery location deliver our catering order and they did a fabulous job. It was reasonably priced for the amount of food we received as well as the quality of the food. The deliverer arrived 5 minutes early and was kind enough to set everything up for us. One of the things we ordered was the scrambled eggs and bacon and I was impressed that when it came, it was still hot. They provided a sterno to keep it warm for the next two hours.
I have to say that I much prefer to order from Corner Bakery rather than Au Bon Pain (where I ordered bagels last week). CB has an extensive menu and most importantly, they do not skimp on the tubs of cream cheese that come with your bagels!Pretty bad. I actually like the Corner Bakery in Chicago. This one is quite poor. The breakfast scramble I had was OK--pretty bland, eggs were not great. The breakfast potatoes were inedible. The funny thing is that they threw some fresh herbs on top, which liked great IF I could have eaten the potatoes. Conceptual food, I suppose. The coffee tastes like Folgers. Here's another tidbit if you happened to come here for the wifi: their firewall blocks many sites, including FAIR for the reason that it's related to political advocacy. Pretty funny! Here is another one that came up: PBS.org. Wow, I'm glad they blocked PBS. We wouldn't want anyone to watch any educational videos while in Corner Bakery. I would skip this place.Lunch today, I had the BBLT -- a balsamic addition to the classic BLT. It was done subtly -- balsamic can really be a punch in the mouth, but this was perfect; it added a certain something to the sandwich. Very well done.
I also had the tortilla soup, which was delicious, except that the tortilla chips on it seemed a bit stale to me. I scooped them off and had the soup. 
The manager, Mike, was walking around making sure people got through the ordering process as expediently as possible, so after lunch I walked over to him and complimented the BBLT, and mentioned that the tortilla chips seemed a bit stale to me -- he was demonstrably grateful, shook my hand thanking me for letting him know, and then bustled off to check on the chips himself. 
Based on how eager he was to fix the problem, I would add a star rather than take one away for the soup. That's a manager that cares about his business -- well done, Mike!They were challenged today by probably the largest crowd they've ever seen (Eagles Super Bowl Parade) and the staff at this Corner Bakery welcomed thousands of Eagles fans into their restaurant who needed to use the rest room and those of us who just wanted to stay warm. The panini's were pretty damned good too!!! The line moved fast and the food was hot. They were very well prepared for this massive crowd and went above and beyond with their hospitality!I usually end up here after aimlessly walking around looking for something tasty and can't make up my mind. It's not bad really, but nothing to go out of your way for. I'm pretty disappointed by their soups overall. Their chicken pomodoro panini is good but I usually feel gross full after eating it, which is never fun at work. Dispite that, I somehow end up here once a month.I like hanging at the Corner Bakery. It is definitely one of my hangouts in the city when I get there an hour before I'm supposed to be at work. There is a ton of a room to grab a coffee, sit and read- unlike certain other coffeehouses in the city that have just enough room to get your coffee and leave in the morning.
The wi-fi was very slow for me, I'm not sure if that was just my experience or universally, though. The food I've had so far hasn't been incredible and the coffee leaves a lot to be desired. The atmosphere is what brings me back.I absolutely love the food. It's delicious! However, the service merits a low rating. On two occasions, I strongly suggested to my friends that we go to Corner Bakery for lunch/ dinner and I was embarrassed each time. The first time, my friend found a hair in his salad and the staff was unresponsive. The second time, it took over 40 minutes for our food to be delivered (I think they forgot about our orders). To be fair, the off-peak hours tend to be much better serviced but those two situations were very disappointing.I just had the most amazing customer service experience. The food is good, excellent for a chain. My order got confused, I wasn't irritated at all but the server immediately took the initiative to correct the matter and the manager came over to follow up. All totally unnecessary but very much appreciated!I tried the Anaheim panini for the first time and it satisfied my craving for a good breakfast sammy. Corner Bakery is a great chain, and this location always does a nice job. Friendly service and lots of space for studying or meeting for lunch. Keep it simple with your food choice and you will be satisfied.it was my first time here and the food was good! it reminded me of panera bread but definitely better! they bring the food to you and there is a lot of seating.It is a bit pricey for food that is just all right
Good for what it is and a nice ambiance!Really nice place to sit and work. Coffee is decent too. I ended up staying late for a few minutes after closing hours and none of the staff made me leave immediately.This review is for Delivery food only.
I had an Anaheim scrambler (with egg whites) with breakfast potatoes. It was not good. Scrambler was overcooked and flavorless. Avocado was wilted and sad. Toast was meh; I didn't really want to eat it so I fed it to pigeons -- they liked it fine. Your mileage may vary.
The takeout packaging was spacious. The scrambler & potatoes were in a flat round plastic container that was much larger than the food inside.This was the first time I tried CB for breakfast. I ordered the Strawberry Lemon Pancakes with Bacon. The flavor was good and the portion size was right. My only peeve would be that the lemon curd melted too quickly. Next time I will ask for it on the side. Good experience!Having a Corner Bakery at this location is LONG overdue. Between a hospital close by as well as a ton of university-affiliated buildings, the need for a lunch option other than the cafeteria or restaurants is a must. This corner bakery has outdoor seating as well as a decent amount of seating indoors. 
They had a soft opening and we tried lots of and lots of food. Breakfast winner: pancakes. Lunch winner: most of their sandwiches are their strongest game. However, the salad I had was so good: Spinach Sweet Crisp (spinach, grapes, oranges, dried cranberries, goat cheese...) so delicious! Dinner I tried the chicken carbonara which was just OK. They had other pasta options which were also just OK. I really think that lunch is their best option (with the sandwiches and the salads). The loaded baked potato soup was really really good. The best dessert we had was the chocolate bundt cake with icing. Not so good: the lemon bar. It was hard and tasted like lemon flavored flour. On the other hand, their cookies are really tasty as long as you don't look up the calories. Then it makes you sad to have the "is it worth it??" debate. 
Very glad to see you at this location, Corner Bakery. Best meal here is lunch!I went to Corner Bakery Cafe for breakfast this morning. There aren't too many places around University City that sells a decent breakfast (I guess most college students aren't even awake around breakfast time). I had a pretty good experience; the staff was friendly, coffee was good, prices were decent and my breakfast flatbread was tasty.Stopped in here for the first time this morning to grab something cold to drink...I was pleasantly surprised by how great the service was. Upon walking up to the counter I was immediately greeted and my order was taken and right away he went off to make my drink. I took a moment to look at their full menu while waiting and will definitely be back to try the Swiss oats they offer, while waiting a different server and the manager both checked to make sure I had already been helped....service was truly exceptional! To top of the amazing service my pineapple banana smoothie was delicious, fresh and cold....absolutely perfect to beat the heat of hot summer morning!I found a RUSTED BATTERY in my salad. Thank goodness I only took two bites of my salad before I saw it and thank goodness I didn't bite the battery. They refunded me for my meal and apologized. I'm never going back...I included pics.Great service here. The employees are always friendly and polite, and the seating area is always clean.The best coffee, oatmeal and fruit I have had in the city of Brotherly Love. The manager personally came around and introduced himself to me. Reasonably priced, clean and friendly atmosphere.Customer service was "eh". Foods a bit pricey but it is really good. (You get what you pay for). Dine alone or bring some friends. They even have a small area outside to eat. Overall it's a nice place for lunch.The price is a little high but food is very good.  Coffee is ok. Chicken sandwich is good tortilla soup was very good. Chic chip cookie was ok not great.i would say a 3..the girls on the front counter conversation should be held when customers are not trying to order..the pasta is ok..not spectacularYou Can't Go Wrong when a Great Employee Kabrina Greets You with a Smile and Takes Care of You as She Was Taught by her Parents to Do and How She Continues to Do. Kabrina Is a Person who I Would Hire to Run My Business without Second Guessing. As for My Buy 1 Get 1 Free Full Meal with an Additional 10% Discount; You Can't Go Wrong to have a Late Breakfast and a Lunch/Dinner the Night before My 1 Month Vacation to Asia. As for the Breakfast; Did Corporate Impliment that the Pancakes Be Small; compared to the Large Pancakes they have been Giving since Starting theremBusiness ? So the 5 Stars Goes to Kabrina. The Food Only Deserves a 3 at Best. Since the Promotion Went Up $ 1 and the Size of some things and the Portions Are Less. If You Raise Prices on a Promotion; Keep Everything the Same. Even the Chicken Carbonara has a Smaller Portion. For Portions Were More even at Other Locations as well as this Location.I have gone to this location almost daily since the day it opened. There are a few staff that are very friendly and provide quality service. However, as a whole, the customer service is lacking. 
I'm giving this place one star because of my experience today. I ordered a Power Flatbread w/ a side of fruit. When I began to eat my fruit, there was a long black hair in the middle of the fruit. So, I walked back to CB to show them. The cashier took it, threw the item out, and that was it. I heard her go to another employee "this guy's complaining about a hair in this...." and that was it. No apology, no refund. Nothing. 
Based on this experience, and treatment of someone who has been loyal to the location since day one, i'll never return. I'll also let all others in my office know about this experience because it was downright disgusting.
****EDIT*****
I've upgraded from 1 star to 3 based upon managements response. Corner Bakery management reached out to me and had a nice discussion in regards to the experience and changes being made throughout the company. They showed sincere empathy with the situation and advised it has been addressed in house already. 
I'll likely return, if for nothing else then the coffee as their Iced Coffee brew is delicious.I came here tonight and have been here before while at medical appointments in the area.  This is a cute find, for dinner I got the Pesto Chicken Sandwich which was good, tasty and fresh but to me tasted more like it had a vinaigrette dressing or some type of caprese sandwich, it definitely didn't live up to what I thought of as a pesto chicken sandwich, when I think of that, I think of a cheesy, green creamy pesto chicken sandwich, which are often served warm, this was served cold, and it was a bit not to my expectations so a bit disappointing but I was hungry for dinner and the sandwich was tasty, fresh and okay, but just not what I was hoping for, left me questioning whether, that and the pumpkin bundt cake, bottled water, were really deserving of what I found to be an overpriced charge of $14?  I think that's a bit steep, close to what I would pay in an actual restaurant, not a quick bite type of place that I compare to Au Bon Pain or Panera.  The server bringing out the food was a nice touch and probably why it was more expensive too.  The pumpkin bundt cake was really good, moist and tasty, I liked that better than the sandwich!This experience was pretty good. I am only in Philly for the morning while my husband is at a conference and I honestly had no desire to deliver my good wife smile today so I grabbed lunch instead. I got the Avocado Turkey Club and it was tasty. Everything was as it should have been. I am deducting a star because the plate my sandwich was served on was not washed well. It was addressed but it should have been handled before I was given my sandwich.I came here for breakfast one day with the hopes of staying for a while and studying with some friends. I was a little surprised to walk in and see a very bright layout with the space seeming more like a Cosi or Panera rather than a work-inducing, cozy cafe. Because this location is quite new (less than a week old when I went), the staff doesn't seem to be adequately trained. When my friend asked for what types of bagels there were, the employee hesitated and had to look behind the shelf to see what bagels were on display. When I asked about the specifics of a drink on their menu, I kept getting answers starting with "I believe" or "I think," demonstrating the newness and uncertainty that is very evident in the workers here. Hopefully this aspect will improve with time, but as a customer, I felt a little uncomfortable to be in a place where even the employees couldn't answer many questions about the menu.
With regards to the actual food though, I think that this place is pretty solid. There is a wide array of sandwiches, salads, pastas, baked goods, and breakfast options. I was at a meeting where one of my teammates got the mac and cheese for take out, and the portion was HUGE. It also looked really delicious, though I wasn't able to try some for myself. During my experience for breakfast, I ordered an iced soy latte and the yogurt parfait. I actually really loved the parfait - one of the best that I've ordered in a cafe before. It wasn't prepackaged like in many other breakfast locations and was served with very fresh fruit in a nice ceramic bowl. The granola was very crunchy and tasty and added a great textural element to the parfait. The freshness of the parfait really impressed me. My friend just got a regular coffee for our study session, and he loved that there are free refills! Especially for a group of people who are planning to stay and study for a while, free refills is awesome!
Regarding the ambiance aspect, like I said before, Corner Bakery Cafe doesn't really qualify as a typical "cozy" cafe - it serves more actual lunch/dinner foods and has a less extensive menu of cafe drinks. The ambiance itself reflects this. There is a wide array of outlets near the tables against the wall, which you would think would make it a great study spot for college students, but I really couldn't concentrate with such the bright lights and loud music. I feel like Corner Bakery is more for grab-and-go coffee and quick meals during lunch breaks rather than for sit-and-stay conversations and studying sessions.
I will say that it had a very scrumptious looking menu, and it isn't too far from both the Drexel and UPenn campuses, so I hope to be back soon to try some of their food options! I would probably find another, more suitable location for studying though.Yikes! What's going on with this place? Ordered take out and was so disappointed. They changed their bread to distract from the lack of ingredients...I got half a tomato mozzarella and it had ONE meager slice of cheese- seriously? 
The lettuce in my Caesar was sad and wilted. 
Extremely sub-par experience, not what I expect from Corner Bakery.Corner Bakery is a well run chain, very similar to Panera Bread in store design and selection. The food is just ok, but it is consistent, quick, and relatively affordable. I grew up going to the Corner Bakery in Ardmore and I always enjoyed the atmosphere and food.
Although there are far better restaurants in the area, Corner Bakery definitely delivers a solid relatively affordable lunch option. The limited table service concept, where you order up front and they bring the food to your table, is nice. This cafe is also very clean, spacious, and bright, with wall-to-ceiling windows. The outdoor seating is great as well.
The food is nothing special, but serves as a good addition to the neighborhood.They only do scrambled eggs. Literally the entire morning menu is eggs but they only know how to do scrambled. Sad. They got grumpy when I asked for over easy. 
The coffee, according to the timer on the carafe, had been sitting out for two hours. Blah. 
The berry almond swiss oats are OK.I'm so glad they're open yaay! I walked past one morning and the line was out the door so I kept walking but today I walked in and was greeted right away. I ordered a coffee and blueberry muffin which didn't disappoint and the staff was extremely friendly. Did I mention I'm so glad they're open?!First I find a battery in my salad and now I find a hair in my sandwich. That is the last straw. I'm never going back. This place is Nasty!!This was my first time eating there . The staff that took my order was very nice and helpful and the young lady that came around clean up the table was nice as well . Now we had the breakfast and the was very tasty but the pancakes was soggy ! That was the only problem I had but of wise I would go back and give them a tryThis place is fairly new but a nice addition to the area.  It's a chain that I find to be overall slightly better than Panera.  On my visit to this location, it seemed spacious and inviting.  It wasn't especially crowded at the time, and the wait for my sandwich was excessive.  Other than that, the food is fine and it's a good choice for lunch.  It was also nice to see they had outdoor seating though since I was doing some work I opted to sit comfortably/quietly inside. Overall, it should be a nice addition to the campus scene.Their food menu, quality of service, and seating arrangement is just like Panera Bread. If I have to pick between corner bakery and panera bread, I honestly don't know if I would pick one over another. They both are equally good to me. I love their cheddar broccoli soup, pesto cavatappi, and chicken carbonara. Pastas have the perfect amount of flavor with the sauce. Their entrees are very filling, I always have a lot of left over for their pastas. They also come with a side of garlic bread and depending on the day you go, their garlic bread is a hit or miss. I have had a very stale garlic bread at times. 
Service is excellent.No one working cash register or taking orders while many staff mingle around and studiously avoid customers.  I'll never go back.Things have Seriously changed here. Not Only have the Portions became Less; the Size of the Pancakes had as well. The Were Always Considered Large and Now they are A Lower Medium. The Meal Was Good; though when You Ask for Freshly Cooked Sausage; instead of the Bacon; Fresh Cooked I Rather have and I Don't Mind Waiting. Luke Warm and a Bit Dried from sitting and being put into a Warmer Isn't What I or Anyone Wants. After asking for a Replacement of Fresh Cooked Sausage; which takes 20 minutes; they still didn't cook it from the Refrigerator to the Grill. As I mentioned; this Corner Bakery Cafe since Opening needs to Be Retrained; as In why Do a Previous Customers Plates or Napkins Need to Sit for a very Long Time before the table is finally cleaned off and why must a Customer have to Ask employee to do that; when there isn't a Crowd in line or anyone Waiting for a Table ?  Even when it is Crowded and the employee passes a Table and is empty handed; why not clean a table and area ? They First year of Opening; the Employees Would Clean & Clear Off Tables; so Other Customers Can Sit; Relax & Enjoy the Meal that they Paid For. I guess wanting what You Order to Be How You Want it; Isn't in the Best Interests of this Location. So I know that I will Be labelled as a Complainer or Mentally Disturbed; Hahahaha. It Is Time Instead of Hiring frontnor back of the House employees; the 2 Male Team Leaders/Supervisors & the Manager of this Location Need Retraining and Sensitivity Training and  Relocate them to Another Location. The City Line Location has an Excellent Employee; who I Never Forget the Look of a person & their Heart; he's the Best Choice for this Location or any Business if I Was Hiring. He's a Happy; Jolly Man of African American decent and a Religious Man as well. Bring Home to the 3737 Location; for the Goid Employees at this Location will Welcome him with Ooen Arms and Open Heart. Yes; Some Employees Working Here Need Guidance as well. It's Like they Even Don't Want to Work or work Here. You can We it in there Body Language and their Eyes and how they Talk to You and relay Your Message to Employees or Supervisors. Like here we go again with this Customer. Let's Hope this message get them to change the way they Treat Customers and Stop making it Always that this Customer Is Wrong. I Only Ask that My Food is Corrected by how I Ordered it and if I Don't Want Onions in My Potatoes; as Corporate Says I Can; the Supervisors Need to Stop Saying We Don't Do this or Saying that the Manager Was Only a being Nice to Me. When it Was Said and Stated that He Will Take Care if it and this will Not happen ever again. For from the first year and Other Location Accomadated Me and Took the Onions Out or Freshly Cooked Me a Fresh Portion. I am Never in a Hurry; So Waiting Isn't an Issue. It's a matter of Great Customer Service; Excellent Training in Life & on the Job. There are a Few Great Workers at this Location and they know Me and have No Issues with Me. It's just a Reflection of the Head Manager who Trained his Supervisors to have Negative Attitudes. Treat Everyone Equal or Look in the Mirror and See what Others See in how You Negatively Treat human beings. Bless You All Always and Let's Hope You do the Right Thing and Not Be a 2 faced by saying different to Your Staff after speaking to Customers. I would commend and recommend a handful of this locations employees and then other employee at the City Line Location. For they are employees that I would Hire; by how they Treat Customers and how We See it and See it within their Heart. In my stay at this Location and seeing employees clean and clear the tables; why Don't they rarely to never look around ? For to My left at the booth seating on the floor is what it seems to be a piece of potato and under my seat at the window ia; a Dipping sauce container. From the time so arrived and still as so left when finishing my order; Still No One; even the Team Leader/Supervisor Don't See or Want to See the Potential Invaders. Why Must they have to wait until It's Closing Time ? This Isn't the First time I Noticed such. Even when customers come in; there's Uncleaned Tables More time that it should Be. If you are Passing a table that needs to be cleaned and cleared off so Other Customers Can claim it for themselves. I several times mentioned to customers; to put something in the seat & Ask an employee to clear and clean the table. I even asked them to do; so it would be ready after they customer finished ordering. I myself had to ask for a table that I Wanted. There are a handful that do such without neededing to be asked; though They aren't working 24/7 or Have 40hrs a Week. Some may not want it; though the Great Workers Do Want it. Notb the ones who look like they didn't even want to come in today or even want to work. So to Me and Many Others want to know; why did You Apply for this Job or in Customer Service ifnYou're Not a Customer Service type person?Stopped in for a quick lunch today at Corner Bakery. I had the trio deal for just under ten bucks. I enjoyed the tomato soup it was very tasty with nice chunks of tomato and crunchy croutons. The Cesar salad was good, fresh lettuce and not too much dressing. The tuna salad was a nice size scoop and was seasoned well.Chain. Pretty much what I expected. Coffee is convenience store quality and baked goods are average.I came in around 9am. The pancakes are yummy but the eggs weren't up to par. The cinnamon roll was ok but had some weird hard stuff on it. Could've been burnt sugar, couldn't been the remain of an insect skeletal system. Who knows but it was in my mouth! WARNING: don't even think about getting the orange juice. It was $2.75 for 11.5 fl oz. I was taking dollar sips.This is by far the worst place and unfortunately it is the only place in the office building to try and get a quick bite but often doesn't get the food out on time. Today a manager on the register with a multitude of people working in the back that are not on register or making food. A line forms and still no one jumps onto a register and the manager doesn't  get any additional help on register. I ask how long it'll take and the manager said 5 minutes most that was at 1:21 and at 1:35 food still wasn't out. I have to be back at work at 2 and can't wait longer but people who ordered  after had received their food! Got my money back and manager offered to give me a coupon but what's the point. Get your restaurant in order and I may consider coming back last time I ordered avocado on my salad and charged extra but never got the avocado and when I asked for it was bad!!  The only bright spot is the woman who brings the food out she's  professional, efficient,and nice. Otherwise skip this placeI work across the street and over the last year this place has gone down hill. Please tell me how it's acceptable to serve a panini on thin, broken bread that can't even be picked up. Besides the fact that every time I order it, at least one main ingredient is missing. It can't be that challenging to make a vegetable panini but apparently it is. They should be ashamed of themselves!I ordered a breakfast bowl with fruit water and cold brew with hazelnut cream. I loved the cold brew, honestly the best I've ever had! The food was delicious but I wish they gave a bit more food in their meals. Otherwise, I enjoyed it and I would probably go back again for lunch and more cold brewAffordable cafe perfect for lunch with generous portions. Lunch menus in which you can combine half of sandwiches, paninis, pastas and salads. Perfect place for a short lunch break since they never take longer than 10 minutes. Everything gets done whenever it's placed which means it can be customizable and it's fresh. Recommended!Walked by a million times but never went, but finally walked in this past week for lunch. 
Pros:
Bread was good. 
They took my order quickly
Cons: Not enough seating in a location that obviously will get busy at lunch time
Cashier was not friendly, and also didn't tell me how to get my food/give me a number for my tablet. 
Never got my soup until I went and asked someone where my soup was...even after that it was confusing as to whether they wanted me to go to the kitchen to get it or if the server person would bring it out. So I just stood around for a while while he aimlessly walked around. Finally I sat down and some random person brought me my soup. It shouldn't take 20min for me to get a cup of soup...and that small cup of soup also shouldn't cost as much. 
Don't go. Just go to one of the food trucks in the area if you need lunch.A family favorite for years now- I love getting meals to go from corner bakery when I'm feeling homesick or just in need for some comfort food. My favorite orders are the chicken pomodori panini, club panini, chicken soup, mac n cheese, and big al's chili! 
Ordering is super convenient- I order online or via the mobile app. The staff is very attentive when I pick up and they also give me the extra pickle I ask for!Plenty of seating at 11am on a Friday.
Had an omelette while catching up with a friend.
Food is decent and you can linger to chat but you may get some looks from the staff.Ordered through the app ahead of pickup. Food was ready in a very timely manner; only took about 10 minutes and was waiting in the pick-up area in the store. Store is clean which I appreciate. Ordered an entree size Caesar salad which was average; slightly overpriced for what it consists of.Dont even waste your time going to this location. I've given them 4 tries and each time IT was a disaster. Last time was today, sandwich has everything that I requested NOT to put on..I sent it back and the Panini came back with a crumb slice of turkey and little to no cheese. I paid 9.00 for  bread.
The manager said.. what's wrong with the sandwich?
.its all bread!!!!!! After sending it back once before. Manager did not care, most dont at that location...I'm done, my money will go elsewhere.DONT WASTE YOUR TIME!This place sucks. The people are generally nice, the lattes are amazing. But come on guys. Im adding a photo of the contents of my sandwich. Its always like this. And for how much it costs its absurd. Wont be back.I can't believe I'm writing this review because I genuinely love this store but I gotta let people know about this. Just to preface, I gain absolutely nothing from lying about this and I actually plan to continue buying food from here despite this event taking place. I'm just a college student looking for good places to eat for cheap. 
I ordered the pancake bundle (four pancakes, chicken sausage, and scrambled eggs) and immediately when I received my delivery (through Doordash) I opened my pancake container and saw there was a piece of pancake taken out of one of them in the stack. At first I thought maybe it accidentally got ripped during packing but no, upon closure inspection you can see bumps extremely similar to teeth marks-- someone took a bite out of my pancake. I ripped a piece of pancake off myself (second picture) to compare what they would look like and a simple rip would be a lot more clean compared to a rip made with teeth. My scrambled eggs and chicken sausage were perfectly fine and tasted normal but I went ahead and contacted DoorDash directly for compensation. I got a free replacement order as well as a $5 DoorDash credit but at the end of the day, who was to blame; my DoorDash deliverer or an employee at Corner Bakery? My packaging was so tight and neat and there were no signs of tampering so I really don't know. Either way please be careful!Some of the Workers Need to Be Retrained or Let Go. First Off; My Thanks goes to Trisha; a New Hired Supervisor. Unfortunately She Won't Be Heading Up this Location. Trisha Was Concerned on How I Was Treated by the Male Supervisor who Is So Rude and has a Humbug Attitude and So Does Another Female Kitchen worker. I Ordered the Pancake; Scrambled Eggs with Sausage and Potatoes without Onions. The Kitchen Employee was Asked to Separate the Onions from the Potatoes and She Says It'm Not Doing that. I said to the New Cashier that I had emailed Corporate About this Over 18 months ago and Was Told by Jim who's Management that tge Employees woukd Be Told About it and that They Do this. I said this has been Always done for Me since they Opened the 3737 Market St 19104 location and before that the JFK location and also the City Line Ave location also has done this when I Visit and Order; without any Issues.  The Male Supervisors seem to have Issues and Need to Be Spoken with. I Feel that Jim; who's Management doesn't Want to Hear it Anymore. If they all Don't like it; Find Another Career. As Mentioned in my other Reviews of this business; the Male Employee that I Believe Is a Supervisor at the City Line Ave location would Be Better Employed at this Location as well as Trisha. For they Truly Care about It's Customers. Even 3 Other Female employees as well; even though one has Retired to take care of her Family and a Male Kitchen Employee. They Are the Better Employees and I would Hire them all in My Business. So What Is the Problem with these Employees ? Form the Male Supervisor again Says that Jim is the Only person whom is doing this to Please Me. I said that Jim said that isn't True and that he would Mention it to the Employees. Though 6 weeks ago Jim Done his Best to Avoid Me when I Needed to Speak with Him; after I requested to See Him. What is it going to take to Be Treated Fairly; the same as Starbucks; a Protest and News Coverage ?Have you ever looked at food and asked yourself, is this going to kill me or give me massive food poisoning? The picture says all that needs to be said. I ordered the Anaheim breakfast sandwich--having gone to Corner Bakeries elsewhere, this is just criminal. Whoever made this just gave up on serving food. The avocado was inedible and this is just sad. Perhaps my mistake was doing take-out, because if I was eating in, it would be clear that this was unacceptable. Save your bucks and check out another franchise that gives a shit. They clearly don't.The first meal of the day is of most importance.  Can't endure the 90 to 120 minute brunch waits at the Cafe's near University City during the weekend?  Fresh, Fast and every imaginable power meal served quickly.  Serve yourself happily.A good option to have in University City and long overdue! It's a chain, and the place is very consistent.  The food is very good.  Not outstanding, but....it's a chain, so outstanding is not what I am looking for.  There are plenty of options available, plus they are usually rotating a new and seasonal item!
Great baked goods (the monster cookie is my weakness) and pretty good coffee.
I really like that they have various menu options, so if you don't know what you are in the mood for, you can still find something that will appeal to you.
I really like the food here, especially for a chain restaurant.  It is a great option for any work day!
The place is very clean, and service is good, even when they are really crowded.
Outdoor seating for when you stop by on a nice day!I'm not sure whether to give them one or two stars. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and offer two. My husband and I came for breakfast. The food was ok, but my husband saw a small rat (or very large mouse) scurrying across the floor to the kitchen. The manager was in the dining area talking with an employee, so my husband went over to tell him what he saw. The manager went over to where the rat was and followed it into the kitchen. We could hear commotion and laughing in the kitchen. We never saw the manager again. We did, however, see the rat run back into the dining area with no one following. This creature seemed to have the run of the place. We will probably not be back.Had a lovely breakfast here on a whim after dealing with some business in the area. Service was very quick in spite of being crowded, staff was really nice. The coffee was great and both of our breakfast sandwiches were delicious. The breakfast potatoes were even better than expected!Philly's newest location has everything you could hope for in a Corner Bakery. It's got a great, modern interior in which to relax and enjoy a meal, or come to chill and study (as I'm sure happens alot, being in the Drexel/UPenn corridor). Speaking of which - the people-energy level is high here, with the sprawling University environment.
I stopped here for the pancakes eggs & bacon breakfast, and it just couldn't have been better: cooked properly, tasted deelish, and it filled both my plate and my tummy! 
Mind you - pancakes are NOT available at all Corner Bakery locations, but THIS location has them, so it gets the gold star in my book!
Another gold star goes to Corner Bakery Cafe for being a fast-casual kind of place, so costs remain on the lower side of the spectrum, and you can grab your own drinks from the soda, tea, or coffee machines. Why people want to go to those little hole-in-the-wall diners that overcharge you for everything, is beyond me.
The staff were all so welcoming and were on top of the cleanliness factor. 
This may just be my favorite Corner Bakery in the region.Catering!!!!!
My boss sent an SOS to the team requesting last minute catering for a same day meeting. I called the Corner Bakery catering team and they came through with style. I ordered the medium assorted sandwich basket, medium Caesar salad )croutons and dressing on the side) a medium assorted cookie platter, chips and assorted beverages. All came as ordered, fresh, on time and service was with a smile. Everyone enjoyed the food and my boss was happy with how smoothly it all worked. So if you're looking for catering by the nicest people, good quality food and really awesome service call Erica and team at Corner Bakery- you won't be disappointed  Also they make the best in-house Caesar dressing it's crave-worthy !I came here for lunch and got the Shrimp Scampi Linguine. I honestly make better shrimp scampi at home but this wasn't the worst I've had. There was a good amount of shrimp and the portion was large but it just tasted so bland. I wouldn't come here again for lunch but the staff were very friendly and the meal came out fast. The garlic bread that came with the meal was pretty good though.I went here last week and the food was great! Chicken panini and tomato soup and the lemon bunt cake was very good. However, the store closed without properly notifying us. They simply turned off the light and locked the doors with my table and two other tables still there. We were confused and stayed about 20 more minutes before leaving via the back entrance. This is very unsafe to leave people in your business after it closes and unprofessional. Not sure if ill return. Prior to that the servers and cashier were friendly.First time here, received $5 off my order for signing up for the rewards. Enjoyed the food. Ordered an avocado and spinach breakfast wrap with potatoes and a egg & cheddar cheese breakfast wrap added in red onions and avocado. Cold brew was great as well. Picked up my order and the service was great. Definitely will be back.Did not slap. The bunt cake was just okay, the pesto chicken sandwich I ordered did not come with pesto. It was sad.