I've only eaten at Cosi when I travel. I've eaten at this location a few times. I like their flatbreads and salads. 
There bbq chicken Flatbread is good. It's a pretty good portion size too.Good menu, solid ingredients, but these folks are not sandwich artists.  I had a Turkey and Brie Wrap one day and the Spinach Florentine Wrap the next.  Both "wraps" could have more fittingly been called "crumples" because that's how they were assembled.  While watching the sandwich line I kept thinking, "Thank god they're not trying to fold burritos!"  Everyone in the sandwich line either looked befuddled by anything other than a plain bagel or like they were supposed to be somewhere else ten minutes ago.  Also, can we please hang a few signs like "order here", "pick-up here," "pay-here" to direct traffic instead of the east coast "If you don already know, then leave!" attitude?This location used to be good, several years ago. About 3 years ago it started to go downhill and now it is just terrible. There were 2 people working on a Saturday evening. Nearly all the tables were full and there were people waiting to order and to pay. The sandwich that was made for me was on hard bread, burnt and barely edible. They need to either shape up or ship out.I love Cosi but this Cosi is going down hill fast. I always get a signature salad and lately they are made wrong and no dressing at all. How hard is it to make their own signature salad!? It's practically what they are known for!!! So angry.HORRIBLE SERVICE and INCOMPETENT EMPLOYEES. I created a Yelp account just to write about how horrible the service is at this Cosi.
I work nearby so I have ordered here many times. I recently learned that there was an online ordering option, which I thought would be perfect because I am busy throughout the entire day with appointments and don't have a lot of time to wait and order at Cosi, especially during their busy hours.
A couple times I have online ordered there were no issues. My food was ready when it was supposed to be, and I was able to avoid the long lines. The other times, the service was horrible. When you online order, the estimated wait is always 20 minutes. I always give Cosi 25-30 minutes to make sure everything is ready so I can just pick it up after prepaying online. A few times I have had to wait 50 minutes total from when I online ordered because the employees did not look at the online orders as they were coming in to prepare them. My question is, what is the point of online ordering if it takes longer to get your food when you online order than when you walk in?
Today I online ordered from Cosi. Not only was my order not ready after 30 minutes, but the service was horrible and the employees were incompetent. I went through the normal line and told the employees I online ordered. The employee, without checking my online order receipt that they should have already looked at, asked me what I got because they clearly had not made my order yet. I was ordering for multiple people so I told him I couldn't remember, so he went in the back to get my order receipt which is what he should've done earlier. I ordered coffees so I went to the coffee counter while I was waiting for my order to be prepared. There was an employee busy preparing someone else's order so I stood there waiting. An employee from another register asked if she could help me. I told her that I had 2 coffees with my online order. She then said okay and just STOOD THERE. I had to ask her, "So should I just go back to the register I was just at and wait for someone to help me with my coffee?" She said yes as she continued to stand there not doing anything. So I went back to the original register I was at and the woman who was still busy preparing an order asked me what I needed. I told her that I ordered 2 coffees. She then asked the employee who I had just talked to and was not doing anything to prepare the 2 coffees! The employee who was now helping me did not understand the coffee sizes. The coffee sizes online are grande and gigante, and she didn't know what those meant. Don't use those coffee size names if your employees don't even know what they mean. In the meantime, the person who was preparing my food order had to come ask me again what I ordered while showing me my order receipt. He clearly did not know how to read the order receipt, which honestly a 1st grader could understand. He asked me if I ordered 2 squagels, and I said yeah that's what the online receipt you are showing me says. I honestly would have just complained to the manager instead of writing this Yelp review, but I had a 10 AM appointment and had been at the Cosi for 15 minutes and had to run back to make my appointment. DO NOT GO HEREThe 30th Street Cosi doesn't feature anything special that sets it apart from any of the other Cosi locations in the city (say, Rittenhouse or 36th and Walnut), but it works for when I'm en route to the train and craving a hot drink or something to munch on and a WiFi friendly spot if I have time to kill.  My usual if I'm sitting in for a meal is the pesto chicken melt or a chicken margherita flatbread pizza, but it's highly unlikely that will happen at this Cosi.  Only if I miss my train....Not a bad place for a sandwich or salad.  Focus on fresh and healthy food.  Flatbreads made in store.Why did it just take over 5 minutes for me to get only a medium coffee?  Because there wasn't any coffee made in a coffee establishment, that's why. In addition, there are non-customers sitting in all of the outdoor seats and the floors and counters are sticky. I'm done with this Cosi. I'll be going to Brew Ha Ha from now on. The customer service is just too poor here.Ridiculous prices for small portions/little meat/mostly rice.Food is not bad (i.e., standard Cosi glorified fast food).  However this particular restaurant has the rudest employees I have ever met in my life.  Asking for a fork is a huge burden on them for which I must apologize.  I am SO sorry I need a fork to eat a salad.
Also the workflow here is weird.  They act like you're a huge idiot for not knowing you order salad at one end and soup at the registers.  Signs might help.
Tomato basil was dec though.I used to love coming here for breakfast and lunch but on multiple occasions I've been served undercooked food.  Maybe I should stop being lazy and walk a few more blocks to another location.This place is a great spot to sit outside and enjoy your lunch. The service here is quick and the food is good. My only gripe is that I feel that the food is slapped quickly together; which I get is a busy place but my most recent exp. my salad had just the ends of the lettuce. Anyhoooo, this place is super convenient and it's a chain so the foods pretty consistent on a good day.The food is good, but the service here is AWFUL.  There are long lines and the staff has zero sense of urgency so you wait to order, and then you wait for your food...for a long time.  A good work around is to order online and then just go pick it up.Free Wi-Fi and standard Cosi food and prices should put this place at a 4 star - but the gruff service was a bit of a put off. On the other hand, the food came in 3 minutes and they got my order right, so it's hard to complain. But seriously, just smile once in a while! At least one person on the staff!
On a side note, they have plenty of seating in the café - a rarity for food options in the station.absolutely my favorite sandwich place! 
i LOVE LOVE LOVE Cosi's multigrain bread & LOVE LOVE LOVE their tomato basil soup! absolutely amazing :)
i've been here several times & one time i got a free drink ! yayyy
employer is very friendly & kind !Overcrowded, unorganized, really over priced! Panera Bread out classes this place 10-2. What a waste of time.  Food is blahhhh... I think the lemonade was fermented from sitting there; it had a funky aftertaste. Went to Dunks across the street to wash it out.pricey food and sub-par service. the half of any sandwich or melt looks like a crust. only three people and they took forever to make the food. understaffed on that sundayI went in at 9:15 am for breakfast, didn't get my food until 10. and there were numerous employees but no one at the register. They have it set up so you order at the sandwich counter and then get back in line at a different counter to pay. Just seemed dumb.I enjoy a good tea, especially when I am about to get on the train or a plane and know I will be dehydrated for awhile.  The 30th Street Train Station has a variety of options for tea and other drinks, but I think this Cosi rates. The service is always good, the staff really is friendly and quick to serve (they realize, I think, that most of us are running for the train and time is of the essence), and they accommodate your desires.  I was able to buy a large sized tea with one tea bag and a little soy on the side. Now that is not something I can do at just any tea or coffee shop.  
I will continue to use Cosi when I am travelling through the train station!To my knowledge, Cosi's sandwiches are all pre-prepared , so I never go in there expecting to be BLOWN AWAY. Their food is EDIBLE, and that's pretty much it.
I like to go to Cosi for lunch and sit outside and catch a breeze. It's a perfect spot for kicking it with friends or as a neutral meeting place for business acquaintances. 
I like the tomato soup and the Chicken TBM sandwich, the hot apple cider, the hot chocolate and teas.I'm giving it 5 stars just based on the AMAZING service I received when I came in here. I seldom go out to eat alone, especially since I have a baby. But I decided to venture it after dropping off my husband at school and wanted to grab a bite to eat. I was intimidated about going in with my bulky stroller, since it was lunch time and it seemed to be pretty busy, but I was pleasantly surprised at how WELL the staff took care of me! I seriously felt like a VIP. They were SO SO mindful of me and incredibly friendly. A worker, Ashley, came, took me out of the line, took my order, told me that I didn't have to wait in the line with my baby/stroller and let me skip ahead. Then she told me to wait and she'd bring me my food. When I looked around I didn't think there was going to be a place for me to eat so I told her that I would take my food to go. She told me to wait, and came back and told me that there was a table upstairs and that they saved it for me. Then she took me back to the elevator in the back of the restaurant, let me go up first and then brought me my food. I was blown away by their consideration and kindness. NEVER have I experienced such customer service for a mom with a baby. This place is SERIOUSLY baby friendly. And that's DURING the lunchtime rush. They could have easily overlooked me, but they were extremely nice and patient. You can be sure I'll be coming here again. They seriously made my day! Ashely, thank you for taking care of a stay-at-home mom and making her feel special!My niece is in Broadway Dreams and she is very hardcore into counting calories. This place was a dream for her (they have a board with calories for everything) she literally ate here everyday for a week and I'm not kidding! I didn't mind because the food is DELISH! Pizza, sandwiches, soups, salads, anything you can think of! I don't really leave reviews but I just had to because of the manager Natalie. She knows what customer service is! We had an issue with our soup one day and threw it away (tasted like it was the bottom of the pot of soup it was end of the night when came in) We came in the next day told her it tasted funny and we were thinking we'd maybe get a free cookie or something.. No she comped our ENTIRE MEAL for 3 people! Super sweet people and great customer service! My niece loves the turkey light sandwich plus the best oatmeal raisin cookie I've ever had. I'm back home in Richmond, VA and missing one already :(Cosi made a really DUMB move this week. I went in for my usual Orange-cranberry squagel bundled with a grande coffe. First I noticed that there were no orange cranberry ones and only 12 bagels in total (at 8AM!). So I chose a cinamon Raisin. Then I went to register and asked them to bundle with a coffee. I was tokd they were "cutting back bagels and promoting flatbread sandwiches) and they no longer bundle with coffee. SO I said I wasn't happy but to give me the coffee anyway. The price was 45% (!) more than last week! Then I looked at menu board and saw that the 1/2 salad and 1/2 sandwich combo (a healthy alternative) was not there. "We don't do that any more I was told". I WAS told that this new "menu" is only at 15th & Locust, 12th and Walnut and 4th & Chestnus (MY usual location) but I could walk to 9th and Chestnut or 18th and Walnut and get the "old menu". No staff person explained the reason and I saw lots of other customers who were surprised and not happy and said they wouldn't be back. REALLY dumb corporate decision, which I hope will change soon before they lose MANY more long time customers at these three locations.\\Maybe it's too much to expect but a pleasant staff would be nice.  I had an awful experience today with Nashiir. Some individuals should take a step back and realize working with the public might not be for them.I work right next door to Cosi and it's perfect for my 20 minute lunch break. I usually get their tomato basil soup because it's absolutely delicious and I'm not a big soup fan. They serve it with your choice of either original bread or whole grain. It's thick yummy and so tasty and the best part is it's ready to go within just a couple of minutes. Also their salads are amazing too.Been to Cosi a few thousand times and the Signature Salad is a favorite.   Went to this one and they tried to tell me a white dressing was the one that goes with that salad.   When I told them I didn't think that was right, they argued with me.   Seems odd that every other Cosi in the world uses a different dressing.   Maybe they were out and just didn't feel like making another batch?  It didn't taste good  and I didn't go back.I only popped in for a cappuccino but while I was waiting had some time to look at the menu. I really appreciate when a menu can cater to people with different diets. Cosi had something for everyone! The amount of vegan and gluten free options made me very excited! Most places don't have many gluten free soups, soup is something I miss. Cosi had a couple!
They have plenty to eat for those who have no limitations as well. It would be a great place to stop and have a quick bite to eat with friends or just on a lunch break. I always looked over Cosi but in the future will definitely be stopping in for something to eat. 
The staff was friendly and very attentive. I also noticed on one of their signs that they donate a portion of their profits to those in need. Overall, a great company! 
Oh and my cappuccino was delicious!I've never figured out the appeal of Cosi, it's like a more expensive Panera with less options and mediocre food. As someone else said, there's a weird lack of consistency from visit to visit, so I've never really found an order I can rely on to be good. I end up at Cosi when I run out of other options since they are ubiquitous in the Center City area, but it always reminds me of eating at a fastfood place... it's convenient and that's the main selling point.Had a group of students with me, and we found this place by accident. The food was good (with many healthy choices), and the service was very good and efficient. We need one (or more) of these in the Pittsburgh area!I happen to live in the apartment building above Cosi and after eating several lunches at Cosi I have to say I find the previous reviews to be a little strange. I never found the place to be dirty and I like their coffee (much better than starbucks!) and the tomato soup. 
Yes - the staff is not the happiest bunch I ever met but they're fine. Prices are reasonable and the sandwiches are ok too.
If you want a nice lunch place for soup/salad - Cosi might be a good spot for you.I Love Cosi food and what they promote far as healthy eating and alternatives while still being tasty. I can help but be disgusted that the workers at this location don't wear hear nets!!!!!!!!!!! this is the food industry have to be clean and use all precautions when handling food. They need to enforce hair nets same way you have to wear gloves when handling foodIt's another Corporate Day at this Cosi. Everybody running around doing everything but ensuring the food gets prepared. After asking where my food was.....I finally walked out. Onion soup at the Midtown 2 Diner instead.This is a great place to go if you need some quick food to sober you up!  I've been here many times with my crew after drinking copious amounts in the gayborhood, after NBC functions, after UPENN functions...  Actually, I've never been here sober.  I can't really rate it better than OK, because I'm not sure if I'm remembering via the nostalgia brought on by dirty martinis or horror brought on my shots of patron.  I do know I always feel better after leaving!  The bread is good and does a drunk tummy wonders!  Someday I'll go back sober...  That way I can rate this establishment with a tabula rasa, instead of drunk induced admiration!This place is a bit expensive for "fast food" and the portions aren't too generous, but if you're in a hurry and you're walking home from a night class, this may be your best bet (it's open most weeknights until 11 P.M.)  Lunch items aren't served until 11 A.M. - if you go any earlier you're stuck with bagels (I believe they're called "squagels" by virtue of the fact that they're squarish and not circular) and other items I don't really consider to be "real" food.  I tried the jalapeno and cheddar squagel on two occasions - I ordered cream cheese with it and it was fairly tasty to my sleep-deprived, 7 A.M., slightly off-game taste buds.
The Asian chicken salad was acceptable and the piece of bread it came with was fairly good and added value to the meal.  The chain also offers a 1/2-salad, 1/2-sandwich combo which is a convenient (though obvious) idea. I usually get the Tuscan pesto chicken since it's the least offensive and least messy of the sandwiches I've ordered here (the chicken tinga sandwich is a bit messier - the guacamole and stringy chicken bits tend to spill out of the sandwich when you bite into it) and I order a salad with it.  I've never gotten a soup here.  
The coffee is acceptable if not memorable.  The brownies and cookies don't exactly taste homemade, but if the mood strikes you, they're available.    Going back to the sandwiches - order them raw (not toasted) since the toasted bread is crunchy and hard.  Also, the Tuscan pesto chicken tastes better without melted cheese.  The latter ruins an otherwise quasi-healthy meal.  I've never gotten the carrots with a sandwich, but I've opted for the pepper-flavored kettle chips.  Raw carrots don't particularly appeal to me.  For beverages, I do recommend their lemonades (mojito lemonade or raspberry lemonade) albeit they're full of empty calories.  
Service: B-
Taste: B-We liked the food but we're completely ignored at the ordering counter by FOUR employees.  They would make eye contact with us and continue to not help us.  It was extremely rude and unprofessional.  I will not ever go back here.  Then when one employee finally decided to acknowledge us, I asked if they were still open at 8pm because of how poorly we were treated.  Then a second employee decided to help the first employee- put a glove on to start handling food items, and jokingly slapped the first employee in the back of his head/ neck with the food glove!  Then started working with the food!!! I thought I was being pranked! This place is a total joke!It's worse than I thought
Their "chicken" is processed stuff
Fake chewy "meat" -- Yech!WORST SERVICE EVER. and i mean ever. 
After someone took my food by accident, I asked them to make another one for me (and I waited ANOTHER 5 minutes). They misunderstood and didn't add chicken to the pizza I ordered. So the employee rolled his eyes at me and gave me this look. 
So after 15 minutes of waiting...I got my food.
I have never been treated this way at ANY fast food place even. No one apologized. 
Now I go out of my way NOT to go to Cosi. They don't care about their customers. They just make the money. But hey...students need food...so they go to Cosi.
Is it too much to ask for employees to be respectful?I have to recognize this particular Cosi for excellent customer service. I was waiting for my train, I stopped in during a busy dinner hour. My food came out quickly, but my drink was forgotten. The employee was extremely friendly, apologetic, and made it right after. Additionally, the manager came over, apologized, and offered a free entree. I noticed the manager working right alongside the staff and also checking to see if the seating areas needed to be cleaned. The food was your standard Cosi food, but the service really stood out and was appreciated.Today me and my 4 friends went to cosi to enjoy the "make your own smores"...which we were very excited about. We ordered a big tray of smores for the 5 of us, and the person taking our order said he would bring our smores to our table upstairs. After a few minutes he came upstairs to serve us our smores. When he went to light the fire so that we could toast the marshmellows, he said lit the match, held it up, and said a ritual as his eyes rolled back. He said something along the lines of "Curse God for bringing fire to mankind" and then lit our tray for our food. It gave me and my girlfriends a very uneasy feeling, and we went to speak with the manager right away. The manager was really nice to us about the situation but she also wasn't surprised that it happened. However she did fully refund us and gave us 2 free entree passes. I just wanted to post this to the cosi Facebook page so it doesn't happen again. We also noticed at the end that he was handling the food without gloves and extra long nails.Cosi makes an excellent spinach and egg wrap from their breakfast menu! Really tasty and quick service.Only slightly better than Starbucks in terms of crappy coffee.  This actual location has a leakage problem.  My friend live in the apartment above Cosi and a pipe in her apartment burst, flooding Cosi down below.  There is also a rodent problem in the building.
The internet is very spotty at this Cosi.  The food at this one is just like any other.  I will admit, the salads are decent, but I ear salad rarely -- it makes me feel like I'm grazing.Horrible service and store layout. I've been to this place multiple times, and each time I have ended up getting someone else's sandwich. I asked the service staff twice to make sure that I got the correct sandwich, but still they messed up the order. Not going to come to this place ever again.All I can really say is yes to the signature salad. After two days of travel and bad food, my digestive system needed a salad. This one had pears, grapes, pistachios, Gorgonzola cheese, and mixed greens. Coupled with a smoothies from a vendor nearby it made the train ride home healthier.A "baked omelet sandwich" here translates over to "processed rectangular block of egg-not, two leaves of spinach, and one slice of ham served on a ciabatta-like square-doughnut-shaped bagel-wannabe."
When paired with a large coffee, the total ends up being under four dollars.  Well, you get what you pay for... and given this is Cosi (which, again, has yet to impress me), that's not a whole friggin' lot.
Like DC's Union Station, Philly's 30th Street Station's food options don't leave a whole lot of wiggle room for decent dining.This is my first one star rating.  Cosi's at 30th Street Station is an AVOID.
I dashed in there at 4pm, hoping to eat something before 430pm train left the station -- since Amtrak has Sovietized the train food to the point that I couldn't bear one more micro-waved hot dog.
So out-witting Amtrak, I went to Cosi with a business colleague.  We had standard orders and got the number gizmos.  Wait, wait.  You wait here, I'll get some reading.  I have time to buy some newspapers, magazines, and come back.  Wait, wait.  The only ones with any urgency and me and my colleague.  4:20pm -- train's at Track 5.  Now it's 4:25pm -- gotta go -- train's here.  Finally, the first order appears and then mine.
And I ask one question is there plastic ware - knife, fork -- in the bag?  Oh yes the woman says authoritatively , , , , dash to the train.  No knife.  So I have to go to the Amtrak five-star dining car . . . . I had a Salad from Cosi that after two bits was inedible (Asian Chicken).  And the Bacon-Tomato-Chicken sandwich -- C-
This Cosi counts on the fact that if you have a complaint, you will be 30 miles from the Cosi before you discover you've been had.  The staff is indifferent to your train plight, and counts on the train to whisk away your complaint.  Avoid this Cosi.Cosi was the breakfast spot of choice this morning after three food trucks suggested by yelp were missing or closed at 7:15. Humph. Found Cosi on the way back to the Sheraton, and jumped at the breakfast sign out front. Yes, as other yelped have noted, similar feel to Panera but with a more modern feel. 
Santa Fe wrap and medium coffee was $5.07. Wrap was ok...nothing special, but better than other options-which were none. Coffee was fine. Some scones, etc. also were available. 
Plenty of seating inside, outside, and upstairs.
Functionality and proximity were the key words for Cosi today, but I'm not sure vibrancy or delectability would apply, based on our brief visit.This Cosi is a flaming disaster.  I even wrote Cosi stating as much and was more or less ignored.  My complaint is simple. Your employees are rude, you have to be a mind reader to figure out the line system and they clearly think the plastic gloves are there to protect them from the food and not you from them.  I even wrote Cosi stating the above.  The GetCosi.com site responded immediately and said someone would be in touch.  No one was in touch.  I sent another email after another piss poor experience and then got a response.  Apparently the General Manager doesn't seem to think there is a problem. I responded back to him and still have not heard a response.  If you like Cosi, go to another one.  If you don't care, just avoid this location at all costs.I like Cosi. Wish we had it in Oklahoma.  There were several lower calorie options for breakfast and lunch. My breakfast wrap was good. My friend's breakfast also good. The service was a bit slow at this locationI usually love Cosi, but this is literally the worst one (by far!) that I have ever been to. Cashier was rude to begin with, and then my order of two salads + a soup was made incorrectly FOUR times. The cashier didn't apologize even once. The salads, when we finally got them, were terrible - watery and over dressed and the bread was stone cold. 
For the record, here is how they got my order wrong:
I ordered a steakhouse salad, a small tomato soup, regular bread, and a signature salad with no cranberries and light dressing. 
First - wrong bread type and no soup
Second - wrong soup 
Third - my salad came with cranberries and regular dressing
Fourth - my salad came with no cheeseFirst time here at a Cosi. I was looking for something fresh and a pick me up at the gym and this was the best choice I've made. I love the choose two options where you can get half of each item. The kettle chips are amazing as well. A very close location and also very spacious, there's seats outside, first floor and an upstairs! Definitely coming back again :)This is my second time to Cosi. I come to 30th street often. Last visit I needed a quick dinner so stopped in for a sandwich. This time, breakfast. 
I was happy with the number of vegan and vegetarian options on the menu. The food is actually decent. I was really impressed with my breakfast wrap this morning and probably would get it again-at a different location. 
Two problems: the portions are very small and the customer service is horrendous. 
I ordered the TBM for dinner and thought "oh for $5-6 the half is plenty!" I feel like there was two bites and my sandwich was gone. My breakfast wrap was the same way. I'm not looking for a gigantic serving size, but these portions are tiny. 
Both trips to this location the service was awful. When I came in for dinner I asked the lady how she was doing (as I always do before ordering) and she looked at me blankly and said "what do you want". This morning, different lady, same response. When she gave me my number, I wished her a good day and she said "yeah". When my food came out I thought the gentleman said a totally different number and when I asked him what number he said he called my number. I apologized and he literally threw my bag on my table and walked away. No other words spoken. With the slogan "be kind to each other" Cosi really needs to step it up. I'm not looking for some feel good smiles and sunshine place in the middle of downtown Philly but goodness they could stand to improve their service. 
I think I'll likely stick to the convenience store for a quick bite and to the breakfast spot next door for hot food.Cosi is Cos"no".  At 8:30 am on a Monday here was the situation.
22 minute wait for Oatmeal - no warning that they were out and needing to cook a new batch
No strawberries at the oatmeal bar
No spoon in the almonds at the oatmeal bar (folks used their hands)
4 empty coffee carafes and the only available was lukewarm 
No salt at the condiment table. (The employee said she would have to get some out of stock)
No napkins
No mas!!!
Cosi you got to do better in a damn major transportation hub!!!Cosi is a great place to grab a sandwich, soup, flatbread, or other cafe-type meal. It's a little bit overpriced for what it is, but it also offers a wide variety of tasty options, so that makes it worthwhile.
I really like the soup here, because you can get a regular sized soup and sizeable slice of bread for $3.70ish, and if I eat the whole thing, it fills me up. The tomato basil soup is usually my go-to, it's really good.
I also enjoy the melts and sandwiches, like the chicken pesto and the chicken TBM. The flatbreads are similarly enjoyable, and are a pretty good value if you get a whole thing.
I really want to try the s'mores they have here during the fall/winter - they look delicious and you get to make them yourself on mini fire!I write this review about this particular cosi location in particular. I had been a here a few times and have always had issues with my order but this past trip finally pissed me off to the point where I will never return.
Whenever I go here they always mess up my order in someway. This past time I went, I decided to try something new. I usually get the Tandoori Chicken sandwich but I saw a poster for the Adobo chicken with avocado bowl so i decided to give it a try. After waiting about 5 minutes to order, The manager himself comes out to help with the line and takes my order. He makes my order and the avocado he puts in was very brown and he only gives me 2 pieces. I was really pissed off because #1 who serves someone brown avocado and #2 HE WAS THE MANAGER!
I immediately complained and told him I wanted something new instead. I got the tandoori chicken sandwich as a replacement. To top things off, when I go to the register to pay, the guy accidentally added $0.09 to my credit card as a tip. He immediately apologized and told me but at that point, I just wanted to get the hell out of there so I let it go.
This is the WORST cosi ever.[ food ]
Have stopped by here a few times for breakfast before the Amtrak. Egg/cheese squagels and the TBM melt usually hit the spot. Love their whole grain flatbread. 
Coffee is okay. They will even do soy drinks, which is cool.
Today, however, we got a basil tomato soup and it was cold. We asked them to heat it up and they microwaved it...came back and it was lukewarm, so we had to ask them to microwave it again.
That's been my only bad experience here.
[ seating / atmosphere ]
Clean and spacious. Nice cushiony chairs, heavy, sturdy tables. Plenty of seating, big tables, a nice place to camp out and get some work done. WiFi and outlets if you snag the right table.
[ overall ]
Nice for a break, a quick rest, or doing some work. Music is a little loud but not  overbearing. Service speed is reasonable but not lightning fast. Decent spot.I spent the day in the area and didn't have time to go further than a block away for lunch, so I ended up getting breakfast and lunch here. After looking at the two counters, I went to the one with the register, assuming I'd order and pay for food there, like most fast food places and pick up at the other counter. Unfortunately, the girl behind the counter barked at me and told me I could only pay there, food needed to be ordered at the other counter. 
I came back for lunch and got the pick two salad and 1/2 pizza as well as a small iced coffee. The girl running the register once again rang me out. She did not speak to you; she barked at you which I can't stand. The food was okay, but pricey ($12 for lunch), but the service was hit or miss (guys at food counter were great, girl at register was not friendly at all). The bathroom was also dirty.
I only came back since I didn't have time to grab lunch anywhere else and my other lunch choice (nomad pizza) doesn't have lunch hours.I said three times no egg on my breakfast sandwich. Did they listen? Nope! 
This place is good if you need something with WiFi and for other meals, but I'm giving two stars since I didn't feel like I was taken seriously this morning. I will be going elsewhere next time I need a quick grab-and-go breakfastIt's a Cosi. There are lots of them in the area so you may think to yourself "I know what I'm getting into" you're wrong!! This place is terrible!! Worse Cosi I've ever been to. They manage to somehow always have the worse tasting food AND their employees are the unfriendliest bunch of people I've ever encountered! And just in case you needed more reasons to stay away it's always dirty with the most confusing food ordering system imaginable. It's not even a system, just chaos.My first time trying this place and I will never return. We've had catering from here for many many meetings and it has always been yummy so when I had to grab lunch on the go as most grad students do I thought this would be a good spot. 
To begin, I stood for about 5min (no one else waiting in line) before someone acknowledged me so I could order. I ordered a pesto chicken sandwich- no changes or substitutions. I go to pay and after a few minutes an employee places the sandwich on the counter and gestures to me. I ask "pesto chicken" to which he replies "yes". I grab my carrots/sandwich and run off only to discover after walking about a mile to work that I was given the WRONG sandwich. If I didn't find the smell of tuna passionately disgusting and it was a turkey sandwich instead I might have just eaten it but I'm sitting here now nauseous from the smell, without a lunch, and out $9. 
I highly doubt I will get a refund and I will just give this sandwich to the sweet homeless woman who sits near my building. Only positive outcome is that she will get a warm lunch today!We were looking to eat breakfast at an inexpensive place. We happened to walk by this Cosi and it worked out perfectly. We got to eat breakfast for all 3 of us for under $10 dollars. The food was delicious.I've been to many Cosi shops. This one, like all of the rest, is okay, but a little overpriced considering what you get. The portions are small and should cost no more than $5 or $6. However, they stroke you for more like $9. I've had better sandwiches for $3.
The one cool thing about this location is on a nice day they have lots of outdoor seating. Other than that, it doesn't have much going for it. Save your money and time.tomato basil soup, omg delicious.
bbq chicken flatbread is good when I'm eating it but then I feel sick afterwards.
My bf loves the curry chicken but I'm not a big fan of any of Cosi's sandwiches.I've been going to Cosi for lunch every now and then, and I think that the decor and "fast food" feel psycologically tricks people into rating this place lower than it deserves. The flatbread is hot, soft, and fresh. I think the place is good because of the flatbread. The greek salad is not bad and the tomato basil soup is tasty! Check it out.Honestly I don't go here for the food, I go to this Cosi to study. I think it's great for studying. The food is just an added benefit!This Cosi used to be on my regular weekly lunch circuit.  I swim nearby, and would stop here once a week for lunch.  A LONG time ago, they had freshly carved turkey and their roast turkey and brie was a delicious treat.  Then about 3 years ago they switched to the bland, processed, tasteless turkey.  After boycotting them for about 6 months, I came crawling back and continued ordering the roast (processed) turkey and brie.  
  Next, they cut down on the quantity of turkey in the sandwich (to match the reduced quality, I guess).  Another brief boycott and again, I came crawling back. 
  All this time, you could always tell when they had a new manager.  More than any other restaurant I can think of,  the change of manager was always obvious - sometimes for the better, sometimes for the worse.   About a year ago they had an outstanding manager- always out front of the counters, being sure all the customers were being helped, that the tables were clean, that the soda dispensers were working, etc.
  Well, the management for the past 6 months or so has gone from good to atrocious!  At least one of the soda dispensers is usually out of order.  The orderly lines to order either salad or sandwich, marked by signs over the counter, have disappeared, to be replaced by nothing but a milling group of customers not knowing where to stand to order what.  
   The final straw came on a Sunday about 2 weeks ago.  I went in about 12:30 PM.  There was nobody waiting, and only 2 or 3 tables of people eating.  I ordered the usual roast turkey and brie.  The guy acknowledged my order, then went to the cutting board and cut a flatbread into sandwich sizes.  OK, I thought, he's cutting my sandwich bread.  Well, then he took a second loaf and cut that.  Then he took a THIRD loaf and cut that.  When he started to cut the FOURTH loaf, I said, "never mind", and left.  He didn't even look up.
  That was the final straw.  I have NEVER found the help in this store to be, well, helpfull, but that was the award-winner.
  This time, my boycott is permanent!!Well, I must say I have probably been to every single cosi in Philadelphia. I've been here billions of times it's my favorite/only place to grab quick affordable food. I have had... Pesto chicken bowl , pesto chicken melt 2 million times, adobo bowl once, BBQ chicken flat bread pizza, chicken Caesar salad, Shanghai chicken salad, chicken noodle soup, tomato basil soup which I love, turkey light with spicy honey mustard. And the best white chocolate and pecan cookie you'll ever have in your life. Good quick food. Fresh ingredients my favorite place.I love cosi as a quick pop in spot for lunch while I'm at work. You really can't be a the pick two option. I'm boring and get the same thing every time but it really is good. The TBM melt- with extra dressing and the caesar are great. Not ground breaking food options but to pop in for lunch during work it really gets the job done.Not bad for a chain restaurant in a train station.  The food came out quickly and no one really bothered us while we killed time waiting for the train.  There was a little bit of a fruit fly issue though, but that may have been a fluke.This used to be my regular lunch spot until I got fed up with the turkey and brie sandwiches. The honey mustard is carelessly distributed on the flatbread so the sandwich is very dry and tasteless.Ordered a half-and-half buffalo bleu sandwich (light lettuce) and mac and cheese combo online an hour before my train got there. When I stopped at Cosi, they completely forgot the macaroni and cheese and flatbread (that I submitted in the order) and made me pay for a small. To top it all off, it took fifteen minutes for my sandwich to be ready - with light dressing instead of light lettuce, and they forgot the side of flatbread.
Essentially, they made a mistake in their order and not only refused to correct it, but made me pay extra to get what I originally ordered.
Avoid at all costs. You're honestly better off with the cafe car. And when you're so bad that I'm taking reheated Digiorno over it, I'm not dealing with it.Though am not a big fan of chains, this place is the only place around my crib that i would go to if i am not feeling too adventurous to wander for food.
The Service is pretty good and , though there is only thing that i ever eat here. Yes the BBQ individual Pizza, by substituting the regular chicken i get the Tandoori Chicken , which gives the BBQ the smokey meat seasoning that it deserves. The breads are made fresh in their hearth oven, might be a bit tough for some of u, but i totally dig that. What i also like is that u can pretty much mix and match what you want frm their salad bar to build ur own grub. 
What most ppl dont knw is that most Cosi's this one and others have a decently stacked bar, so if ur friend wants a cup of latte u can douse urself with that Vodka concoction, u knw where to be at.I have been to this location about 5 times since I live in the area. The staff for the most part is inattentive and overwhelmed. I'm not sure if manager is new but he doesn't seem to be able to streamline orders when more than one customer appears at a time. He actually is a nice person but the people working under him are slow start making your order which you end up repeating several times. I have ordered food for pick up a few times and it is never ready.  Food is mediocre. I would suggest going to the cosi on walnut instead.After standing at the register waiting for what seemed like an eternity for someone to help me I finally placed my not-real-difficullt order for a medium latte with ONE pump of syrup.  Oh...I forgot to mention that when I was waiting (for what seemed like an eternity) there were TWO people standing statuesque-ly behind the registers.  I kid you not.  It was almost like time stopped and we were all frozen for a few minutes.  Awkward.
Anyway, same girl who took my order goes to make my drink and gets into an argument with another barista about re-steaming the milk.  Surprise, surprise, my lazy girl wanted to just reheat the stuff that had been sitting around (which would've been okay with me had she at least made a bit of an attempt to top off with a gulp of fresh milk...as it were, there was about an extra 1 1/2 inches of NOTHING at the top of my cup).  
So, she goes to squirt the syrup and squirts three times and then tries to argue with me that one shot is actually 3 pumps.  Which is fine but I specifically said one PUMP.  She admitted that that's what I said but then proceeded to say (again) that three pumps equaled one pump....now thinking about math problems makes my palms sweat and I'm NOT that great at it but I do know that 1 does NOT equal 3.  Moron.
I forgive.  I forget.  But this is maybe the 5th time that something like this has happened at this location.  I won't be back.I wouldn't really recommend eating here per se-- your money is always undoubtedly spent better elsewhere --however, Cosi is really not a bad spot to meet someone for coffee at (not to say the coffee is good, but it's alright). Plenty of seats and reasonable decor make it half-decent.I have been going to this Cosi with terrible results since I was a teenager.  I know, you're thinking, why do you keep going back?  But it's because it is right in Center City and near work/school/home etc.  However, I am not going to be eating here again any time soon.  Maybe coffee.  MAYBE.
And here's why:
1.  I went into Cosi to order a salad.  I was the only person in there because it was an odd hour.  I told him I wanted a salad without lettuce (don't hate) and that I would pay extra if giving me more of the toppings was a problem.  He looked at me with disgust and told me this could not be done.  I told him I was pretty sure it could since he had everything I needed right there.  He put in the regular amount of toppings (tiny scoop) and then shoved the bowl at me and said "THIS is what you want?!" I told him I would be happy to discuss it with the manager if it was a problem and asked if he could put in another scoop of each thing.  He did what I asked while mumbling under his breath that this was ridiculous and he didn't know how they would ever figure out an appropriate price for this.  When I went to pay, the cashier had no problem figuring it out and I left but it was a not so good experience to be told by an employee that what I want is outrageous when it is far from.
2.  I went to use their WiFi and order breakfast.  The WiFi wasn't working.  Something about being so close to Starbucks' WiFi and that it's "sometimes an issue".  They did reset it for me but it still didn't work and I was not able to do anything.  What's the point of having non working WiFi.
3.  I ordered an egg and Cheese squagel for breakfast.  I was one of two people waiting for food and the other person picked their up and left right as I was placing my order.  It shouldn't take very long to make but somehow, 10 minutes later, I was still waiting.  When I got my sandwich, I rushed out because I was going to be late and when I opened my sandwich about 10 minutes after that, I discovered it was a BACON, egg, cheese and TOMATO squagel.  I do not eat bacon.  I do not eat tomatoes.  Even though I picked it all off (otherwise no breakfast and I had a meeting that wouldn't be providing nourishment), the bacon and tomato took half of the sandwich with it and I was left less than satisfied.  
Again, I might go back for the coffee because it's pretty hard to screw that up and when you need coffee, you need coffee, but these last three incidents (I have MANY more but they aren't recent enough to yelp about) have left me completely uninterested in eating at Cosi ever again.The only reason this Cosi stays in business is because of its location. If I could give it less than one star, I would. I come through the station every morning and on numerous occasions (between 15-20) have stopped here for coffee and sometimes, food. Each time, I hold out hope that they will get my order right and each time, I am let down. I give up! Out of my numerous orders they have only ever managed to get the drink right once. ONCE!!! If I order a mocha, they give me a latte. If I order a Honey Vanilla White Chocolate Mocha, they ALWAYS give me a regular and I have to go back and ask them to fix it. The bread is overdone or underdone, never right. I am so used to the service at other Cosi stores that is actually good, that I kept holding onto a sliver of hope that maybe, just maybe, they will get my order right this time.  I officially resign this hope and will from now on will go around the Cosi to the Saxby's behind it, where they get the order right every time. 
TD;DR: Skip Cosi and go to Saxby's.The service is incredibly slow and the food preparers seem like they'd rather do anything than take your order. It's consistently bad service. The cashiers, however, are always lovely. The food itself is just okay.I have been here a number of times, and I have been happy each of them. The service is great (today I had a spectacular wait staff who responded quickly to my concerns about the number of tea bags in my drink!).  They have soy milk, something you cannot find at every tea/coffee shop.  They have a quiet atmosphere.
Now, here is the conjunctive. I only go here for tea and I am a cosi member so I get rewards for using Cosi over one of its competitors on the opposite corner of the street.  I do not know anything about its food, wireless internet, or high calorie desserts.  
But, what I do know about it, I do like.I know Cosi doesn't get great reviews.  I will start by saying the food is very good.  Great go to place for lunch.  Kids meals are great.  Downside is not very organized in regards to space and service.  It is like going to a romper room. Hence the three star rating. On food alone it is four star. Beats the hell out of true fast food and food is much higher quality.   Just needs a make over.i don't have a whole lot of opinion on gay cosi. it's open late, which is nice. not cray about the coffee. not a lot of vegan options. but some comfy seats. it is what it is.food was 3/5 but the service was 0/5. this place's leadership need to kick them in gearI keep saying I'm not going to come back, but the convenience of being right across the street from work is too tempting. I think I've figured out why I have such ire for this place. It's ridiculously inconsistent. You can go in and order the same salad or sandwich ten times, and get different results each time. Not in the ingredients, but in the quality. It all depends on, as far as I can tell, time of day and mood of food preparers. I've noticed the manager behind the counter a few times lately, and that seems to help matters, and the folks at the cash registers have gotten a touch friendlier. 
PS I solved the mystery of the bacon-where-it-ought-not-be salad. The salad makers were flinging the ingredients into the bowls, and shockingly spare particles were landing in other containers rather than the intended salad. Just wanted to share =PGenerally I've had pleasant experiences with Cosi, but not at all with this one. First of all, the cashier did not give me change when I handed him a $10 for $9.50 or so order. It's not the few cents I'm upset about losing. It's the taking advantage of a customer that's bothersome. Secondly, I ordered the smart fit salad which comes with sweet potatoes. All of them were raw. One of the grossest salads I've ever had. I will never order it again.I'd like to give this place 2 1/2 stars. The food is decent (I like the TBM), but it's usually crowded and it's TOO expensive. I feel fooled whenever I end up there. Unfortunately, that's a lot.Why are people hating on the Cosi? Admittedly, all I got was a cup of tea, but the service was prompt and polite. I usually can't stand Cosi, but about this one I have no complaints.I'm an out-of-towner and I only went here once, but I had the TBM squagle (tomato, basil, mozzarella) and it was AWESOME.  I put aside my skepticism over a square bagel and tried it out at my friend's recommendation, and loved it.  The squagle was nice and crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside, and the tomato, basil, and mozzarella was an excellent combination.  I enjoyed my squagle with a cup of coffee and watched the rain fall on a fine spring morning.Even my work around of ordering online doesn't work any more. When you order online you can choose "ASAP" and it gives you the estimated time. I usually give them an extra 10-15 minutes on top of that. And yet here I am, waiting 20 minutes so far (past my pickup time!) for a bakers dozen of squagels....and seeing that they have baskets and baskets of them on the counter. How long does it take to count to 13? They don't even have to box them - they give them to me in a bag. All they have to do it throw 13 of them into a paper sack and send me on my way. WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?!?!I was not previously a fan of Cosi in general, but ever since the weather has gotten colder, I've stopped by to give it another chance.  The Taste Two (I think that's what it's called) is not a bad deal - get half a sandwich + soup (it's a little confusing, because sometimes they give me different size soup).  
The chai latte here is also not too great.  It tastes more like sugar water with some spices in it.Poor excuse for a Cosi. The burned ("toasted") squagel I ordered went so nicely with the bad attitude of the cashier and employees.  Do better, Cosi. Do better.Cosi is a great option for Gluten Free diners! The GF items are clearly marked on the menu boards. There were several GF salad and soup options to choose from.I travel to Philadelphia via Amtrak several times a month. At this point I've probably eaten here about 10-15 times. I am not exaggerating when I say my order has been correct less than half the time.
All I ever get is the chicken TBM. Not the melt, but the normal sandwich. One of the first times I stopped at this location, I got a melt when I didn't ask for one, so I've resorted to specially asking for "not the melt" when I order. Again today I got a melt. This melt was also burnt to the point where I took a bite and the bread snapped in half all the way down the sandwich.
The bigger issue I have is they constantly put the spicy mustard on the sandwich and not the vinaigrette (it's supposed to come with the vinaigrette) Considering how great Cosi's vinaigrette is, this completely changes the sandwich. When switched the mustard is so strong it's overpowering. I've probably had this happen 4 or 5 times. It's gotten to the point where I get excited when my order is actually correct. I wonder if they look really similar or what the issue is? 
I would stop coming here, but alternatives here are bleak. When they do get it right, it is a good sandwich also!worst meal I've had in a while.  No doubt the food trucks in the area are totally superior.  Brazilian steak bowl....a joke.  Undercooked, flavorless, tough, and thoughtless.  The help, basically a don't care don't communicate attitude.  No pride here.Came here to study. 
Internet: unstable
tables: unstable
service: inconsistent. the MANAGER forgot to make a drink order. If the MANAGER is blatantly forgetting to do things, i don't understand how the restaurant plans on functioning. 
tea: decent, but realized they are sitting in an semi-open canister on the counter the ENTIRE day.pros:
free wifi - no login, they let you use it forever, no hassle.  yay, thank you!
large upstairs space uncrowded on a Thursday evening.
friendly woman at checkout.
clean.
cons:
i really like unobtrusive, alternative rock Shins-style music in cafes, not kinda-loud 90s soft rock-style.
really loud environment, even with earplugs.
staff was unfamiliar with special orders, was patient with me, but it seemed like an effort.I love the food at Cosi and there's adequate seating. But my complain is it is very confusing to place an order. It is all over the place. Sandwiches in one corner, pay in another and pick up beverages in yet another. The cashier keeps asking what you got, but doesn't hear half the things because there are always too many people. When it's crowded, customer service goes out the window. The cooks are yelling, cashiers are confused and as a customer you are afraid of making a mistake while ordering. Phew! Quite stressful. A cafe should be a welcoming place.People are pretty harsh on this establishment, here, but I think it does what it does well. I've gone in there when the line is to the door, but I'm always through in 5-10 minutes. The signature salad is always good, full of fresh greens, grapes, pistachios, blue cheese and dried cranberries. 
Today, I tried a duo, so I had a half signature salad, that was definitely not quite a full half, and a tuna sandwich on the standard cosi bread, along with cracked pepper chips. It was all filling and delicious. At $7.77 with tax, this rings up to be one of the pricier on campus establishments for a quick bite. But it's definitely my favorite salad. Also, they have outdoor seating, every day of the year. It was unseasonably warm today, and I sat out with coworkers and enjoyed the blue sky.Food is not prepared well, but is ok. The biggest problem is that the seating area reeks of urine.This place is a joke.  The staff is rude, the tables are sticky, the room is nasty and dirty, and they claim to have free wireless internet but they lie.  Their wireless internet does not work. 
Never come to this place.  Waste of your time, energy, money and health.Decent food/coffee in line with other locations. Super nice employees here. I highly recommend ordering & paying online, they'll have it ready when you arrive and you are in and out in a jiffy! The spinach florentine wrap is my breakfast favorite -- less than 400 calories AND less than $4.I'm sitting in your establishment right now because I'm in that awkward time prior to an engagement and I thought I could study here beforehand with your Internet.
What the hell. Why did you dim your lights. I already have glasses, you just want me to waste more money on eye complications don't you. Not only can I NOT find an outlet to plug my laptop in, but when I find it, it's right by the door so I am cold on top of having a cold. And this whole table service idea, really REALLY BAD idea.
I came for soup while I study. Your service was nice and your food was yummy. But why oh why did you just dim your lights and make me even more cranky :( You made me sad, Cosi, a very very sad Anjali :(I got the turkey with brie sandwich today. It had buffalo chicken in it. Otherwise it was delicious. I also had the lentil soup which I must say is some of the best I've had in a long time!I *think* this is the location I studied at lots of times. It was always a cosy (pun pun pun) respite from the center city chaos outside. If you get there before 5, they don't hassle you with waitress service--AND you can get as many free bread sticks as you'd like! woohoo!!I went here on a Sunday night, so it wasn't too crowded with tourists. I ordered a turkey sandwich and mixed green salad. The turkey sandwich was tasty, but pretty small. I don't remember seeing nouveau in front of the sandwich description.  The mixed green salad was fresh and the vinaigrette was tangy. However, the salad fit on the smallest plate available, which is to say it was almost microscopic in size. Frankly the meal just wasn't worth the money. I'd rather have gone to Potbelly's or Top Tomato across the street. The only good thing about the place was that there were a lot of good looking women studying there.Horrible service. I had to wait for 20 minutes for my latte because they clearly forgot my order.Occasionally the employees aren't the nicest, but the food  and coffee are solid at all times of day.My bad.  My mistake.  I shoulda known better.
I stopped in for a "squagel" (whole grain with cream cheese).
I was given a number (73) and told to wait.
I waited about 3-4 minutes.
Not worth it.
Sat like LEAD inside my stomach.
I did it before a few years ago, and I guess I forgot.
Now I remember.
I will not be back to Cosi.For a time, I came to Cosi every single day and ordered the Signature Salad with chicken. It really never gets old. It's hard to find healthy options around campus, but Cosi is right near the library and was always reliably quick and yummy. I particularly enjoyed eating the bread samples while waiting in line. I've also tried the TBM melt and the BBQ chicken pizza. Also delicious! The bread is baked fresh daily (you can see it from where you order), and I like to treat myself on occasion to the specialty drinks (mojito lemonade, raspberry iced tea). Similar to Panera, but it has its own charm.Second time I've gotten coffee and it was cold. This time, every single canister(?) of self serve coffee was empty. They didn't seem to mind of course. Stay away.Reviewing in January 2018. I am not sure what happened to this place. I have been here twice in the last two weeks. Both times the staff seemed either overworked or just apathetic. My salad had most of the toppings wrong - it seemed like they were putting whatever they felt like in it. On top of all this the whole staff seem very grumpy. Overall the place appears disorganized- running out of utensils at lunchtime, etc. I will not be coming here again.Be careful at this place.  My daughter just had her purse taken by an employee.  This after an acquaintance had something similar happen to her last month. Take your business elsewhere. And hold on to your stuff...This cafe is very clean, the cashier was very funny, and it smells good here. I had the TBM sandwich with carrots and water. Everything was fresh and delicious. I will definitely be back next time I'm in the area!The first couple of times I went here it was great! The bagels are really good, and their egg Florentine breakfast sandwich on a everything bagel was delicious....until I ordered it today and there were NO EGGS on it! What the hell? It was just spinach, swiss and the artichoke spread. It was extremely disappointing and now I'm hesitant to go again because this place isn't the cheapest when I thought I found a new go to spot. Not so. How can you not put eggs on an egg sandwich????? I don't trust this place now.Cosi is diiirrrrtttyyy.  All of them.  Extremely dirty.  Ever look behind that "food bar", around the bread oven?  It's gross.  I'm always prepared to see a rat flying around the floor when I look back there.  This goes for all of them...the 15th St. one, the one on 12th and Walnut, the one at Penn.  
The free bread is a nice touch.  Kind of like "welcome to our dirty restaurant, don't mind the honey mustard that's splashing into the tuna, or the pieces of chicken that are dropping into the tomato container as our staff tries to work the assembly line that is our restaurant...but here's your free bread!"I like to go to this place for breakfast. Their western croissant is great, if you order a medium coffee, the combo is only a dollar, so the total for breakfast is around 5 bucks. I personally think the food has better quality than dunkin donut if you are looking for a fast breakfast. Their coffee is OK, the dark roast tastes like medium.I'm only going to write about my breakfast experience here while I was traveling for work. 
Cosi has great options for lunch, even dinner, and the bread is terribly addicting, but I cannot get over how bad their coffee is. It's too bitter tasting (and I've tried a lot of coffee) and leaves the worst taste in my mouth. The "squagel" is a cute substitute for a bagel but it takes a bit more effort than I would like to eat it. I'm fine with Cosi as a chain, and they have do great selections, and overall, a great go-to restaurant for 3 meals/day, but they have to do something about their coffee!  Meh.Here we go again with this location. I came here around 8 to kill time and get caffeinated before my 10 pm movie. I do love the Smart Fit salad, so there's my dinner (albeit with an aluminum foil cover and no bread - I didn't want any, but I wasn't asked, but the gal in front of me was. I was also eating in; another question the gal in front of me was asked, but I wasn't). However, the caffeine part? Not so good. There was no coffee at a coffee house! I was offered espresso, but I don't drink espresso! I wanted a coffee to take my time with and enjoy. What is with this location? Why was the gal in front of me treated better? When will this spot get straightened out and when will I learn to stop coming here?!Cosi is my usual stop while I'm waiting for my train transfers... There is fairly reliable wifi, lots of seating, lots of electrical outlets! and no one rushes you out of here.
The food is also good. Most of their options are fairly light, fairly fresh and fairly fun! I would stick to the sandwiches or salads as I was very disappointed with the pizzas... but all in all, I really enjoy this place. I sometimes even check to see how much time I have between transfers so I can grab myself a sandwich for the next leg of my trip.
If you want to grab just a side of the bread (which I do once in a while) it's $1.00 and usually warm and chewy. Once in a while you will get handed a cold brick, but it is rare.
They give you a number card no matter how small your order, and will bring it to your table with a smile on their face. It takes a bit of time, maybe 5-7 minutes per order but that's alright with me. Steer clear if you need to run somewhere though, it is not fast fast food.Worst Cosi ever. I ride Amtrak a lot and am always disappointed with this location. Rotten lettuce. They don't mix dressing in with the salad even when asked. I always feel gross after eating here.Great place for breakfast! Usually get the Steak & Egg wrap or a yogurt parfait. I wish they had more variety, such as egg omelettes. Beware that the egg omelette sandwich does not actually have an omelette inside. Just scrambled eggs with toppings.The best thing to get here is the flatbread. I've had the vegetarian melt - ~$7 for a big flatbread sandwich with melted cheese and pickled veggies. I wish the veggies didn't taste so sweet as they did (the Indian in me wanted to douse the sandwich in hot sauce) but the bread was the redeeming part of the meal and I would come back just to try another sandwich with the same flatbread! Not a bad deal for a huge meal.Overall feeling about Cosi: underwhelming. It's like the "ehhh" expression combined with some fellow mediocre responses and made a restaurant. In all fairness, however, I tried the tortilla chicken soup with flatbread and was, for once, at peace with it. I know this is far from high praise, but for a Cosi - a place that bases its entire marketing scheme on its undeniable convenience rather than any quality to speak of - the soup and even the flatbread was decent. In addition, this particular location has a nice efficiency, even if it's a little hard to figure out the first time around. FYI: you order food first then take it the register. Who knew? 
When you consider my initial feelings about Cosi, to bump up a review to a 3-star is even more than I thought was possible. Even now, though, every time I go to Cosi will be for lack of a better option, unfortunately. I feel like a beleaguered parent with crying child (my inner hungry child) who eventually says, "Fine! Let's just go to Cosi!"This is a great place to get a quick bite. I dont go here often, so the preparer helped me with a menu descision that turned out to be great! Service was fast and friendly...I wish I could give this place zero stars. The food is barely edible; my margherita pizza had the hardest crust I've ever eaten and a bit overpriced for it's quality in my opinion. The ordering process was extremely confusing. There were no signs to indicate where the ordering line was. I approached the cashier to try to order my meal and was rudely asked to return in line and proceed to the food bar line where the ordering actually took place. I ordered two sandwiches for my family, and was immediately given one sandwich, but not being told which one it was. Since there were many other people ordering as well, I waited off to the side for my second sandwich. After a few minutes, I was skeptical as to whether or not they heard my order correctly, so I asked the gentlemen if my sandwich was made. I clarified my order, and was shouted at by him, as well as another crew member, both of them saying my sandwich had been called five times in an extremely condescending manner. Though I did not hear him call the sandwich earlier, I felt violated since he treated me with such impatience. It was my mistake for now knowing which sandwich I received, but even more so that I was stupid enough to let them get away with such poor customer service. I hope this review acts as a warning to those who may want to eat here. BEWARE OF UNCULTURED AND RUDE WORKERS.There are a lot of haters out there on this Cosi.  First of all, this is the best Cosi in center city.  And though I've been remiss in my check-ins lately, I eat here more than I'd like to admit because I can get a delicious, fast meal for relatively few calories.  
This particular Cosi has more seating and is generally nicer than the other close Cosi's (rittenhouse & the 4th/Chestnut one).  I can actually go there and work for an hour or two and feel comfortable.  At this Cosi you order your food at the counter and then sit comfortably while they bring it to you... and they even take it away later if you stay after you're done eating.  
And the food is delicious.  Really.  Okay, I might get the same thing every time now (and I build my own sandwich, so don't be scared by what someone else called a "limited" menu) but I've tried a multitude of options and not been disappointed.  
Oh, also - get the COSI card.  Buy 10, get one free.My favorite stop on the way home for a super big ice coffee. Everything is fresh, the occasional brownie or blondie delish, and staff is always pleasant. Sign up for their frequent shopper card and get free stuff.Stopped in to this Cosi tonight for some soup to warm up after a walk around the city. It was pretty clear that they were just trying to clean up to close for the evening, but we were able to get some soup to go. Out of the four soups on the menu, only two were available. Turned out to be fine because those were the two we wanted! Seemed a little pricey just for soup, but the guy offered us bread to go with it.
The Tomato Basil soup with the bread was AMAZING. The soup had chunks of tomato and the bread seemed to be dusted with cheese.
So even though it was a little more than I would have expected for two cups of soup and some bread, and the selection was a little sparse - I was quite happy with the end result!This morning I ordered an unsweetened iced tea, paid for it, and was then told they didn't have any made. I was offered a flavored tea instead. I told them that I didn't want a flavored tea, and they responded "I'm sorry".
I was never offered a refund (the $2.50 won't break me).
I indicated that I would write a Yelp review and they just laughed.
WHY DO I KEEP GOING BACK TO THIS DUMP? Poor food safety behind the line, you have to go to Starbuck's across the street to use the restroom when the Cosi bathroom key is lost (and the Manger says no to using the spare key) , and the place is never the same. The only time you get consistent  and good service is when Corporate is in town.
This is proof that any business can survive LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION.Sorry, this location just keeps getting worse and worse. They keep screwing up orders (What's so hard about egg whites only!?!!) and taking forever. I've given them multiple second chances since the location's right between my apartment and PATCO commute, but I have to finally throw in the towel and say I won't be back to this location.I stopped in to this Cosi location after an appointment downtown. It was near where I parked so I decided to stop in for a quick lunch before running more errands. 
I ordered the Steak Gorgonzola Melt, Mojito Lemonade, and a Blondie brownie. The employees making the food barely made eye contact while I was ordering. However, I actually struck up a whole conversation with the person at the sales counter. She really made my day with how friendly she was!
The sandwich (on a flatbread, of course) was excellent! The brownie was good, but the mojito lemonade was very watery. The lemonade was pre-poured with ice already in it but it wasn't a hot day so I took a chance. So much for spending $2+ on lemon water! In addition, the seating area was a little dirty.
I'd go back with the quickness for that sandwich though...to go.We stopped here for an early lunch and it was good. We went with a turkey melt and a salad. The staff was friendly and we all had a good laugh with the "Chips or carrots?" option.  Both items came out quickly and the sandwich was nice and warm. No issues with us taking our time and sitting at the table for awhile since we were a bit early for our train. 
This is a solid option in the 30th Street Station. Kinda surprised with some of the negative reviews. Our experience was good.While I am just not big into sandwiches in general. I really like the atmosphere here. Good coffee, great location and good sandwiches too ( when I am in the mood for one). I like the interior design of this place.Not bad. It's a sandwich shop. The help is bored and indifferent, had to ask 2 different people for a spoon but the food is ok.Every time I walk in here, I regret it. I'm usually there around 8:30am and there's never a line, yet the average time I have to wait for someone to look up at me is about 3 minutes. Everyone in there looks half-dead and they're rude. And now they've implemented a waste-of-paper system where the sandwich maker gives you a paper with your order to hand to the cashier. This system makes sense maybe if they all weren't behind the same counter. If you don't trust your customers, pass the food to the cashier. Oh, wait, then they'd actually have to interact and move and stuff.I think people need to remember that this is a chain restaurant located in a busy train station. It's really not that bad.
I first came here around midnight on my way home from the airport. Because it was so late, there were very few people inside, which made service very quick. 
I ordered the Turkey & Brie Sandwich--unbelievably good. I love the flatbread they use, it's always amazing.
The service was average, but not bad enough to knock another star off. This is probably my favorite dining establishment at the 30th Street Station. You get exactly what you expect, no more, no less.Like everyone else, it's the PATCO convenience. 
The baristra knows my order, and as soon as he sees me walk in he's got it started. Occasionally I'll throw him a curve ball and add something to it. He deals with it pretty well. 
I can't say I've had any of menu items, and I don't think I'll ever really venture beyond my regular order of coffee and a croissant or parfait.
That's all.I work nearby so I occasionally come here for lunch because there's not a lot of options on campus for fast and healthy food. Each time I come here, I leave resolving to never come back again. Or until enough time has passed that the fresh trauma of the last bad experience has abated and I've run out of other lunch options, whichever comes first. 
I always try to get there before the lunch rush starts because at noon, all bets are off. The place turns into a madhouse, and the line system, which is strange to begin with, descends into utter anarchy. You can get into one of two ordering lines depending on whether you want sandwiches and salads or pizza and hope that by the time you get up to the counter someone will let you know you can order and that there is actually room at the counter for you to order. After you place your order, it's always unclear whether they want you to wait there for them to make it (in which case you end up blocking all the people in line behind you) or go to the register and pay (in which case it's always a gamble whether or not you will a) hear when your food is up, b) find out that for some reason they didn't make what you ordered, or c) be told that your food is up but come to find that it's not even close to what you thought you asked for.) Also, I'm pretty sure that it would be really easy for someone to get their food at the counter and walk off without paying because there is no system in place to verify that orders being made are also being paid for -- not that I'm encouraging anyone to try. You would think that management would do something about the chaos, but I guess no one there cares enough.
Generally speaking, Cosi's food is decent enough. It's a little on the expensive side for grab and go deli sandwiches and soup, but at least it tastes good. That is, however, assuming the food you're getting is made the way it's supposed to be. At this particular location, that's a pretty big assumption to make and usually not a safe one.They have the slowest most inattentive service. This place is empty--I ordered after waiting in no line--and my toasted squagel with cream cheese, a very easy order, took 12 minutes. No line!
The soda in the fridge was warm. Come on man, serving warm drinks?
This place isn't cheap either. What am I paying for?stop by every morning.. clean , great service,  and friendly,  rare in phillyI took my kids for some smores. End up ordering snacks. lol. Half Turkey and Brie sandwich with clam chowder. Both were really good. My son ordered the tuscan sandwich, that was also good. My daughter had the itailian sausage pizza and that was so so for me. The apple pie and smores were the cake. Fun and good. For drinks we had ice coffee, frozen hot chocolate and raspberry ice tea. All drinks were really good. To top that off we had top notch service from Daniel. Who does it all. Made the sandwich, made the drinks, cashier and waitress. I would definately come here again just to have great service from Daniel. Cosi is a great late night snack place that is kid friendly.I like this Cosi  because the customers are very interesting especially because it is located at the heart of gay culture that always bring interesting stories and friendly atmosphere. 
Also I started to come here instead of coffeehouse because this is the only place around south philadelphia until 11 p.m. That and free Wi-Fi make this place wonderful.
Their food is quite salty overall. 
Their coffee is not great but ok considering the price and you are welcomed there to work until 11 p.m.Ordered a salad and didn't have high hopes for it, thank GOD. It was by far not worth even 1/4 of what I paid for it, it consisted of 75% of ends of the romain head of lettuce. AWFUL! Don't recommend getting a salad thereNeeded breakfast and Cosi looked like a good option.
Wrong again Amtrak Traveling breathe! 
The egg/bacon/cheese square bagel or a squagell in Cosiland was inedible. The eggs were not real eggs AND they were cold. The bacon was that fake microwaved garbage. I threw it away after forcing down two bites. The coffee was not hot. 
NEVER AGAIN!From the reviews I read before coming here I fully expected a not-so-great experience, but I was really craving spinach artichoke dip so was willing to give it a chance.
My first impression was the smell of burnt bread, which after a while I got used to, but is really pungent at first. I already expected the meal not to be great but there was no turning back now.
I ordered my dip and they said it would take a few minutes, which really didnt bother me. Then after 5 minutes they said it was going to take a little longer so while I waited they offered me a free drink or soup. It's funny bc I wasn't even waiting for a long time, but they are obviously trying to keep their customers happy and I have no problem with that. In fact, I appreciate the fact that they acknowledged how long the food was taking. If this situation happened in NY, they'd be probably give you a dirty look and some fake apology. I had no complaints about the dip and the soup was good as well (reminded me of spaghettios sauce, my favorite as a kid). Overall not bad. Way better than I expected it to be.When I started living in center city and going to school in north Philly, I knew I would have to find a coffee shop where I could drink sweet ice-creamy coffee flavored drinks, people watch, waste time on the internet and maybe occasionally study. There were quite a few options for me to choose from and I ended up frequenting this particular Cosi for a number of reasons, despite competition from Starbucks across the street. 
First of all, there is free wifi, which, although sometimes difficult to connect to initially, is pretty fast and probably the number one thing that puts this place on a level far above its neighbor. The seating is comfortable and there is almost always enough room to have a decent-sized table near an outlet for your laptop, books, iPhone, dogs, trumpet, and whatever other possessions you are travelling with. I also love that they are open late (I think 10:30pm most days).
The coffee is good. Not going to change your life, not going to write home or even update your Facebook status about it, but definitely solid for a chain coffee shop. As for the food, I always order the same thing, the turkey bacon cheddar melt. It is absolutely delicious, possibly in my top ten favorite sandwiches, and I am a sandwichy kind of guy. Everything else I've tried here is decent, although I've never had a salad and they seem like a pretty popular item.
The people that work here are nice and very refreshingly unpretentious, which is another big benefit over some of Cosi's competitors. For the most part, the customers are cool as well, although this is Philadelphia and I guess a certain baseline level of unwholesome characters is unavoidable. Generally, the atmosphere is very, very chill and comfortable. 
The biggest two negatives about this place are that sometimes the music is too loud and can sometimes be insanity-provoking, and that it is not well-lit enough for non-computer reading when it is dark outside. But these are minor things, at least for me. Previously, the biggest negative was that they began table service and jacked up the prices at 5pm. However the absurdity of this practice must have recently been brought to their attention, because they no longer have table service. Yes!
The final bonus of choosing Cosi is that they serve beer and wine, in case you give up on studying and decide to get slammered instead.
Go to Cosi, drink the coffee, order the turkey bacon cheddar melt, ogle the gender of your choice and I will say with confidence that if you have reasonable expectations for a chain sandwich shop, you won't be disappointed.I just ordered a salad from them and returned to my office, I sure wish I remembered to request dressing on the side.  This salad is gross, it is literally drenched in so much dressing that I don't even know what I am eating besides the dressing, it ruined what would have been a good salad and it's too late for me to return it because I don't have time to go back there.  I don't understand how anyone would think a salad needs to be soggy with that much dressing, the amount they put should NOT be the norm.I agree w/ other reviewers, this Cosi is dirty and lacking.  I've been to other Cosi franchises that were far better (I love their bagels).  The scones/muffins looked at least a month old.  2 bagels and small drink was $10!!Mint Mocha...somewhat standard, but definitely the best one I've had anywhere.Good lunch place. I really like their melt and the salads.Don't get the salads ! For 9 dollars I except a gourmet salad .. Instead I got a soggy small salad with dry rubbery chicken.
The menu make everything sound so appeasing , do not be fooled , this is not chop'do in NYC --- go some where else for a saladsUnfortunately I developed a TBM sandwich addiction a few years ago. Food poisoning from the aforementioned sammich nipped that one in the bud. Overpriced, rancid mozzarella and stoned or otherwise distracted staff.... yeahnotsomuch.Overpriced considering the portion size. Sandwiches are greasy and have more of a Quizno's reheated style of preparation. Staff isn't particularly welcoming either. I walk past here almost every day but I'm really not interested in going back.
It's too bad that Penn's campus has this instead of a Panera.I hesitate to update yet again, but I feel there's been a noted improvement at this location that is worth mentioning. I don't know if the manager reads Yelp, but a lot of the things that've been complained about have gotten much better. The salad/sandwich counter is much better organized; they actually write down your order, and give you a numbered card to retrieve it when it's done. The folks behind said counter are much more pleasant, the salad guy in particular seems to really make an effort to do a good job and to be friendly while doing it. 
The register staff seems in slightly better spirits as well. So, take from it what you will. I still go about once a week, and it's mostly worth it when I get my free entree after every ten =PAfter living pretty much next door to this place for a year, I have certainly had my fair share of experiences eating here. Unfortunately I probably shouldn't have eaten here quite so often.
This place is pretty much a second-rate Panera: they have some interesting sandwich combinations (like putting brie on sandwiches mmmmmm) but there is nothing particularly special about this place.
The pizza is pretty okay but definitely overpriced.
There really is no reason to come to this place when there are tons of other sandwich/hoagie spots/carts scattered throughout West Philly with higher quality food.Unfriendly people, a strange line system and high prices - that pretty much sums up my impression of Cosi. However, I do like their food which has never failed to be delicious somehow.
I don't know why this place needs a separate line for salads when more often than not you have to wait for your order anyways. It also doesn't help that there are a bunch of people around you who don't know where to go, where to pay and whether the person randomly standing in front of them is in line or waiting for their food. This could all be avoided if the place was better organized - or had people actually helping their customers out.
Food-wise I am quite fond of Cosi. Most of their pizzas and sandwiches almost live up to the price. If only it was a bit cheaper, I'd come here much more often.I love Cosi, but this location is no good! They skimp with portions and although there is a lot of sitting room, it's pretty untidy.Cosi is another salad/sandwich/soup place similar to Panera. They have two lines, the one on the left is for salads and the one on the right is for sandwiches. They have many great healthy options that it was hard to decide, but the line behind me was starting to grow. I quickly decided on the tandoori chicken salad, which came with a slice of flat bread.
Since I'm a clutz, I dropped my flatbread on the ground but the cashier was really nice and gave me another slice. Unfortunately their flatbreads are pretty difficult to chew since they are hard, so I would recommend eating it with soup or hummus. 
However, the tandoori chicken salad is AMAZING! The ingredients were really fresh and they did a pretty good job of imitating the tandoori flavors with their sliced grilled chicken. It came with onions as well, so I may have had stinky breath afterwards but it was well worth it.
If I lived around the area, this would be an ideal lunch place to have a quick dine in or order healthy food to go.
[61 of 100]I used to go to this Cosi quite often in the past six year. In the past few months, however, I have been disappointed with my experiences.
The menu changed! I'm not someone to freak out over change. Change is good. But the menu is missing simple items like the Cosi Club and it doesn't look aesthetically pleasing anymore. It doesn't make me excited about any of the food.
The tea is brewed in the morning, according to the staff. So, by 5:00pm, it's sour! I stopped ordering it.
I ordered chips on my last visit. And they were out of plain chips. Huh?
Also, the WiFi used to be reliable. However, it just doesn't work anymore. And I've been back four times, each time hoping that it would work.This Cosi is located on the University of Pennsylvania's campus.  If you have been to a Cosi before, then you know what to expect.  If you have not been to a Cosi, then you should know that it is a decent place to go for something quick and a step up from fast food.  The flat-breads or the salads are usually both good choices.  Although if want something sweet and have a little more time, the S'mores is a great option.  You actually get a small burner of your own so you get to toast your marshmallows.  The one really nice thing about this particular Cosi is that it has a lot of seating, including upstairs and tables outside.Worst Cosi ever. I remember when they came to town in '94 at 15th and locust. They were great then, not anymore. Won't go back due to the way upper management has no oversight of their units. See re: recent health inspection from City. Disgusting!! 
Cosi
130 S 36th St.
25 violations, 10 serious
An insect was crawling in the pistachios; dead roaches observed in/or on the exterior of the ice machine, gaskets of the reach-in freezer and walk-in cooler, on floors inside the walk-in cooler, on wall near the elevator, and above the cold-holding unit where marinara sauce is stored, and on floors in the food preparation area; Live roaches were crawling along walk-in cooler gasket, on the ceiling in the food storage area, stuck to duct tape in the hallway and crawling under negate display case; mice feces was found on the wall ledge at the front counter, base of dough mixer, on floors in the food preparation area, under Coca-cola refrigerator, and under the beverage display case; a fly was found on bagels in the warewashing area; a fruit fly was on the cutting board; a moldy pear found in the walk-in cooler; chicken and carrots were not held at proper temperatures; the food safety certified person was not initially present; food employees were donning single use gloves without a prior hand wash; a tray of bagels was uncovered in the warewashing area; there was black residue and pink slime on the interior of the ice making machine; there was no water at the handwash sink at the front counter; hot water was not available at the hand sink near the large dough mixer.
Due to imminent health hazards observed during this inspection, the establishment was issued a Cease Operations Order and must discontinue food operations immediately. The establishment could not operate for a minimum of 48 hours. Inspected August 6.Like other people have said, it's like another Panera but I do enjoy Panera more. Cosi is conveniently located near UPenn campus and could be a good study spot. They have an upstairs, which is more isolated and quiet so you could get more studying done up there. 
I've gotten food twice here and occasionally drop in to just buy a drink. I'm not too big a fan of their flat bread sandwiches. The last time I had it, the bread was really hard and just hard to bite into. I've recently gone there as a quick stop for breakfast and ordered a squagel (square bagel), and I really enjoyed that! I ordered the club squagel, which consisted of eggs, cheddar, bacon, and tomato. I chose to get the basil parmesan squagel out of many other choices you have. It was a solid quick breakfast at a very reasonable price! The other thing I really like about Cosi is their selection of drinks that they offer in the afternoons. I've gotten the grapefruit apple, raspberry mojito, and some other form of their mojitos. It's light, refreshing, and delicious.What can I say?  I'm a slave for convenience.  I pop out from Patco and grab an iced tea and off I go...
If I'm hungry, I grab a TBM Light or the Pollo y Pasta soup.  I know about the mice, I have seen the mice, but it's the city.  I have always assumed there are mice everywhere.
Major issue with this place is the layout - it is so awkward trying to pay because of the gd BEAM right in the front of the cashier.  Who the hell was the designer that thought THAT was a good idea?  May he or she be pelted with Cosi bread!!  But after it cools because as someone else mentioned, it morphs into a brick rapidly.The entire place is disgusting. The last time I was there, I got up to grab some napkins and came back to find baby roaches all over my table. The time before that, water was dripping from the ceiling onto a countertop where food was cooked.Cosi is like a Panera without the good quality sandwiches. The convenience of this place being in the center of Penn's campus makes it a great option to grab a quick meal to-go. I've gotten their flatbreads here a few times and it has always been a hit or miss with their sandwiches. Sometimes my flatbread would be so scarce  with ingredients or the bread would be too hard to bite into to. So I always go with the safer option of choosing their salads. You can also get just a single flatbread for $1 if you're in the mood to just nibble on some bread. 
Sometimes the service is a hit or miss as well. I would come here more often if it weren't for the expensive prices for the below than average quality food and unfriendly service.I've had so many bad experience here; if it wasn't right across the street from my apt, I would never come here again. Here are a few: 
1. Found a bug larva swimming in my coffee. 
2. My girlfriend almost passed out after drinking a cup of their super strong coffee. 
3. They constantly get orders wrong. 
4. I just drank a cup of their coffee and my hands are so jittery I can hardly write this review. 
5. They're over priced. 
Ugh Cosi. Damn your close proximity to my abode.*This is a review for a particular menu item, not Cosi overall. 
I don't usually write reviews for places like Cosi, as it's fairly standard semi-fast food. I probably grab lunch or dinner at Cosi once or twice a week, as it's super convenient for me, and I have my favorite menu items I rotate. However, today I got sucked in by the new featured sandwich - Lobster Salad. DO NOT GET THE LOBSTER SALAD SANDWICH! 
There was nothing right with this sandwich. It was probably 70% of what I will call "mystery white sauce". I couldn't really pick out exactly what the sauce was. There was definitely cream cheese, bc that's all that was in my first 3 bites, but there was something else mixed with it which somehow managed to make the mystery white sauce both chunky and runny at the same time. Yummy, right?
What was in that final 30%?  20% bread, 5% lettuce, 5% lobster.  The lobster was chewy and flavorless. It reminded me of artificial crab sticks.  They were out of wheat bread, so I wasn't happy about that, but I made the choice not to wait til the wheat was done baking, so I can't complain. I guess the bread and lettuce were okay.  
In conclusion, if you want to eat a piece of bread filled with about 2 inches of cream cheese/mystery white sauce with the occasional added texture of flavorless lobster and chopped romaine lettuce, have at it.  But I'm pretty sure you could make that for yourself for less than $8.99 + tax. 
If you're not burned out on turkey, and they still have it, I recommend the turkey stuffing sandwich. Have them add dried cranberries to it too, delicious!The service at this Cosi is awful. I've been about four times and the only reason I've gone is that it's in the 30th Street Station and sometimes they have free bread samples.
The last time I was there, I ordered a latte, which no one ever made. When I finally said something, I was given a plain coffee. When I showed the server my receipt he said "you never told me it was a latte." Yeah, never told you, except five minutes earlier. He then made me a latte, which was lukewarm and had no foam. I asked if there was any foam left (I should have just left well-enough alone) he told me that lattes don't have foam. He also muttered "snob" as I walked out.
Next time I'm at 30th Street, I'll get coffee elsewhere or just live without it.This location is convenient and much more  organized and speedier service than the one on 36th street .... They always get my order correct unlike the 36th street location ... service has been overall pleasant.Best spot in 30th street for a quick breakfast before your train. They take your order, you sit down, they bring it out to your table when it is ready. This is an often underappreciated convenience, especially if you are doing other things in preparation for your trip. 
The food is fine for what it costs (This is cosi, not the capital grille).  
The Americano I had was OK, you'd be better off getting your coffee at Saxbys right outside the door to cosi.Usually when I visit a Cosi location I expect a certain level of service. Similar to Panera Bread or Starbucks. Not fine dining but not McDonalds. I didn't get that a few months ago. I'm glad I'm moving so I don't have to deal with the rude staff.
Normally when I go to Cosi it's to grab the a turkey bacon cheddar melt and a drink before or after a train ride out of state. Recently I got off the train about 8pm or so and was waiting for my ride to pick me up. I hadn't eaten since 1pm so I got a sandwich and ate in the station. About ten minutes later I got a call from my ride saying she was going to be late because of a major traffic accident. I took this as a time to pick up another drink.
Biggest mistake ever. This was 8:30ish maybe? Not the 9pm closing time. They look like they want to close at 8pm and they work as hard as possible to push people out. I grabbed two of their premade drinks and a fruit cup to snack on since the traffic sounded bad. The cashiers disappeared to the back for about ten minutes while I'm standing there with my hands full of drinks, fruit and my wallet! Then my favorite part...
The sandwich maker tried waving me out of Cosi! Rather than grab a cashier or even try to ring me out himself he waves at me in the "go away" attitude and says bye! What?! Did he want to comp my drinks for me or something? He should've with that attitude. Finally a cashier appears and the transaction was relatively painless. It would be nice if I could get a half decent smile. Or any pleasant reaction. I get it. It's late. You wanna go home. But it's only a half hour and nobody was making you break your back.
If I did this at my job I'd get the biggest lecture if I even had my job afterword.I purchased a steak salad here poor qulaity meat..not to mention the amount of meat you get (I had to cut the meat into smaller pieces to cover my salad) the salad was also just drenched in dressing. I guess you can blame me for not asking for the dressing on the side. Over all the food was bad but I can't complain about the service or prices 2 stars.So pricey. I do not know why sandwiches need to cost $6.90. They are good, though.
Also the coffee is downright BAD and too expensive.I actually really like this Cosi! The Law School is right around the corner so I've turned to this trusty Cosi many-a times with minimal disappointments. The tomato soup is always a winner and most of their salads are good (except the Asian salad is a bit wimpy, which is a big no-no in my book). The pizza is really tasty too. 
I mean, if you come to Cosi, you shouldn't be expecting anything gourmet. Just something quick, easy, and tasty. I guess it isn't super cheap relative to the competing lunch options, but its not that expensive either. Don't come here everyday though with the plethora of eats around Penn. 
I don't know about anyone else but when the cold strikes and I crave soup, Cosi's tomato soup generally hits the spot.  3.5 stars! (Yelp needs to have half stars)The lines here during lunch time are always chaotic, and really inefficiently organized. Service is pretty lacking too, just come during a time that is less crazy. Love the Cosi flatbread and squagels. They have a thing called "taste-two" where you can get half of a flatbread sandwich, and a soup or salad for around $9. It's not bad at all... just really do not come here around 11-12pm.I really like this Cosi, but in the last week, they've had no chia shots and the overpriced Polar Seltzer has been warm and not chilled. Get it together, 12th & Walnut Cosi!They've done away with the family feel. Now it's cold and stuck-up. They removed pizza from the menu and the Parent magazine award poster. I don't know what to do. The pizza wasn't that great anyway.Nice improvements. I had a craving for a flatbread pizza and decided to brave the madness again. The bosses must've been reading these reviews because there was more organization to the place. They've set up some makeshift aisles for placing an order, with much more clearly defined and clearly labeled purposes. Unfortunately the waiting area is still an open pit where people look as though they aren't done ordering or confused about what to do with themselves. 
I still didn't see a "pay here" station. I think it would be better if the food preparers direct you over to pay for your order instead of allowing you to stand idly waiting for cashiers to start screaming at you. Not fully there yet Cosi, but nice moves in a better direction. Much appreciated!Normally, I like this Cosi, but today, when I ordered a Turkey, Bacon, and Cheddar Melt (very good, by the way), they failed to even START making my sandwich until after I had paid and waited for my sandwich for at least five minutes. Needless to say, I was not very well pleased, but I was even more surprised that the cook offered a really weak apology.
I like the food here, and I think the half and half option (e.g. half a salad, half a soup) is a good deal, but I'm never really confident in the quality of the service here. It's often crowded, and things don't seem to be very well organized here."Oh man, I'm stuffed. I just had dinner at Cosi..." yeah, I'm pretty sure nobody has ever uttered these words. The food isn't bad, but for the price, I expect more. The portions and sandwiches are a bit on the small side. The last time I was there, I had the turkey bacon cheddar melt. It came with a small bag of chips and a small bowl of salad. My friend put it best when he called it  "chick food" (no offense ladies). 
The decor puts forth a modest attempt to be trendy but struggles to be anything more than just bland and generic. In a lot of ways it's evocative of Starbucks, and not in a good way. 
The wait staff wasn't impressive either. We saw our waitress very intermittently. Apparently she had other tables downstairs and outside, but this is inexcusable to me. It took a long time for our food to come out, and when it did, I got a salad with my meal, not because I ordered it, but because they ran out of soup. It's a bit rude when you find this out by having it placed in front of you. 
All in all, Cosi is overpriced and dangerously close to being fast food, except for the fact that it takes such a long time to get your food.Not great at all.  The coffee is pretty bad and my chicken noodle soup was extremely salty.  Stick to Au Bon Pain for better and fresher options.  The best part was the multigrain flat-bread, which was only semi-decent.  It is one of the few options still open at midnight at 30th Street Station, though.As with 18th and Walnut location, I have been a longtime patron of Cosi at 12th and Walnut.  I am a big fan.  I love the options and the quick service.  The new system of ordering at register and server bringing item to table is excellent.  The restaurant is clean, team and managers always positive and helpful.  As a dog owner, tables on sidewalk are really nice.Gay Cosi!
Really, in this neighborhood, how else am I to distinguish this Cosi from the eleventy others in Center City?
Truthfully, I try to avoid chains like Cosi, but this one holds a special place in my heart if for no other reason than the sentimental value it holds. All I can really comment on is the caprese sandwich and the coffee (I liked Cosi so much more when I ate meat!) and they're just....OK. But this Cosi is the best in town just for the ambiance. Gay Cosi embraces its place in the neighborhood - it has a painting of Edith Piaf for dog's sake! - and it's a good enough place to meet up with people or just grab a cheap bite by yourself.
Really, I just frequent this Cosi because I know people who go there a lot and it's a place to get coffee past 8pm. But for that, I kind of like it.Great location for breakfast or lunch made to order.  the soups, sandwiches and bowls are a good meal.  The Cosi hot breakfast is excellent and relatively inexpensive.  Staff at 15th& locust are very nice.They always seem to get my order wrong. Today, for example, I ordered a full sandwich to go, was charged for a full sandwich,  and got to my destination only to notice they gave me a half sandwich.I am a huge Cosi fan, but this location is just average. However, You have to take into consideration that it is located in a train station. 
First, this location is on the smaller side. Therefore, there is limited seating and an odd setup. However, it was not too big of a problem. 
The restaurant was pretty crowded when I came in, but they had plenty of open cash registers so I did not have to wait. I ordered a TBM with carrots, orange juice and chocolate chip cookie. The lady who took my order was pretty friendly and polite. 
This Cosi offers grab and go items including their iconic breakfast sandwiches. 
My order came out very fast, but it came in a plastic bag and not a plate. However, it was at the train station so I was okay with that.
My food was the ok. The TBM was a little mushy and not too warm. However, it had a nice taste. The carrots were fine. The cookie was below average compared to other Cosi location's cookies. 
I may return when back at 30th Street Station.The tomato basil soup is delicious! Love the Cobb Salad as well, although it is a bit overpriced. Overall a little pricey, but cute place to study and eat!This Cosi at 15th and Locust is not good.  I got the Asian Salmon Salad and while the salmon was great, the salad was old, browning and wilted.  Very poor quality compared to other Cosis.  Too bad I was in a hurry and couldn't bring it back.Ended up here for brunch after getting rained in from walking around the city, and despite this being very chain-y, it had the vibe of a Panera. I got the signature salad which had grapes, pears, cranberries, Gorgonzola, and pistachios... Delicious!! Price around $8 and we got the $5 off if you bring your receipt back before a certain date (didn't end up using it though). My friend didn't really like her Thai curry but overall I was happy.Argggh!!! You suck!
We all know that your food is just ok and your prices are ridik, but the thing that makes me slap this location with my rarely-handed-out one-star is the bottom-of-the-barrel service.
I've been here once before and ate in, and service was terrible, but I chalked it up to it being busy there. Today there was no excuse.
I walked up to grab a bottle of water so I could break my $20.  The location was empty, and the girl behind the counter was finishing up with the only other customer, moving at the speed of molasses.
I step up to the counter with my prepackaged goods, and she doesn't even look at me. Now I'm a 5'10" blonde woman with shoulders my brothers should have had, so I'm hard to miss. So I give her a friendly "hi!" just to make sure she knows I'm there. She's still looking down, smashing her rolled coins against the cash register. My being in a rush doesn't make all of this ANY easier.
Finally she casually says "is that it?", not exerting the extra effort to even look at me.  I say yeah with my money already ready. She rings me up and I provide exact change to try to make it faster to get my bills back. 
Of course one of her girlfriends shows up and she's gabbing away at her, with my $20 in her hand, waving it around as they talk about their weekend. I didn't want to blow up so I tried to be patient. She finally gets to counting out my change, and it takes her over 45 seconds to pull out a 10, a 5, and a 1. Are u serious? She never looked at me once or even smiled at me. If I didn't need the change I'd have taken back my 20$ and left.
The worst part was NO ONE was behind me! Give me customer service, get rid of me quickly, then do whatever the hell you want!!!!!  Jesus christ!!! The receipt says Tawanda, so if you are a manager reading this, I highly recommend learning what Apple trains for customer service and teach it to your crew.This place is nasty and many of its employees seem to be encouraged to treat customers like the garbage that often covers the tables.  Like Jen D. says, this restaurant only stays open because of its proximity to Penn.In general I like what Cosi has to offer - simple, healthy, delicious food. This Cosi in particular has, without a doubt, the best staff. Every time I have come here they are welcoming and patient. They go above and beyond the what is required to accommodate specific needs and requests.
I will always appreciate the warmth with which their staff treats me!!Thesse 4 people are are worth mentioning for their high standards in customer service and cleanliness, Keisha, Vanessa, Jamie and Kelly! Thank you for always being couteous! GOD BLESS YOU ALL!
By the way the food is great and when you have great people serving you it makes the experience even better!Meh.  2.15 for a bottle of Dasani?  I shoulda gotten a latte for $2.19 instead.
Mediocrity at its best.
I am so NOT a fan of Cosi.  After eating in them in NYC in the early 2000's when this chain emerged - it seemed cool at first.  And - if the bread is fresh and hot (before it solidifies into cold cardboard) it actually tastes pretty good.
The hungrier you are the better it'll taste.
Meanwhile - the overpriced sandwich fillings are mediocre at best.
There are better places to waste (I mean spend) $9 bux.
Sorry.  Not a big fan.Customer service sucks!
Strike 1: I'm the only customer in the entire store, somehow my bagel is never ready in less than 5 minutes because the guy is not getting bagel out of the toaster.
Strike 2: two weeks ago I asked for bacon, egg, and cheese on a bagel and I got cream cheese instead! I called an hour later and the manager lady said she would "get me" the next day. The following day I got a free bacon, egg, and cheese on a bagel and it was very nice of them... Until...
Strike 3: the only customer in the entire store, I said good morning to the bagel guy, he replied without making eye contact, didn't care to service me, kept on checking a tinny list in a small piece of paper and totally ignored me, meanwhile manager lady kept her back at me but I know she saw me coming in, because of the noise of the door, 2 minutes went by and nobody asked me what in hell I need, I'm going to be late for work, good bye così. I left without my breakfast.
Also, like another review said, you have to repeat your order to them.
I feel sorry for the business Corp, they need to train these guy ASAP, or they will have to close this store.Why don't they have any Cosis in LA? For all you sandwich/flatbread lovers, Cosi redefines lunchtime.
What I Ordered: The Cosi Duo. For around $10 you get a half portion of any sandwich on their menu and a small cup of soup. I try to keep it simple when ordering there. Plus, I fell in love with their TBM (Tomato Basil Mozzarella) sandwich. Couple that with a cup of their tomato basil soup, and you have yourself a lunch!
Verdict: There's nothing really to write but praise. It's relatively cheap and tastes phenomenal. What more could you ask? From time to time they feature some special sandwiches, but for starters, try their TBM. Absolutely cannot go wrong with that. Money back guaranteed. Well, not really. But you catch my drift, right?While I waited for my soup I watched one of the staff members while he worked making a sandwich. He had a large beard with no beard cover. He repeatedly wiped his runny nose on his bare wrist and forearm. Most people would have left but I was getting soup so I figured it was safe. The good news is that it was free of chin pubes and snot. The bad news is they only filled the large soup cup 3/4 of the way.Clean bland puffy food
It's all right when it's late night
and you have no choiceI've been here a few times for the oatmeal in the morning. Often times there are servers engrossed in gossip in the front customer area. Lots of attitude and just negative looks.  Just unwelcoming... Then today, I got my oatmeal.  It was like a brick. I added hot water to loosen it up. Took a bite and found a finger nail. Garbage. That's pretty much it for me...good luck to other folks eating here.Cosi makes yummy salads with quality mixed greens and flavorful dressings that are to die for.  Unfortunately, that's pretty much where the positives end.  This location is notorious for 2 kinds of servers:  totally inattentive and witheringly nasty.  Maybe it's something in the water; maybe this property sits on top of an ancient burial ground & the spirits haunt the Cosi workers, who then take out their anger on the public.  I've been coming to this place since it was a Xando & nothing's changed.
Something that has changed is serving sizes at Cosi.  It seems like the portions of meat you get on sandwiches are exponentially decreasing.  We all know that Cosi's price point is a little higher than Wendy's.  When we walk in the door, we accept that a sandwich will cost $8.  However, when you pay $8 for a sandwich, it better have some meat on it.  
Adding insult to injury is the fact that the staff's ability to manage high customer volume is a total crap shoot.  On some days the system works.  On other days you end up waiting in agony for 1 of the workers milling about to decide to come stand at the register and ring up your stuff.I went to this place a few times in NY, tried it out in Philly and remembered why I never went back before. I was starving and still couldnt stomach my Chicken Parm Flatbread. If theres a Panera nearby, go there instead.Worst latte ever. Tastes like old milk and no espresso. When I went to get my money back, they couldn't get a manager.In general, I'm a fan of the cosi chain, but this particular location is just awful. The staff is insanely rude, even belligerent at times. They do not care whatsoever about treating the customer nicely, much less with a basic level of respect. I have never felt more intimidated to go into a place of business--I have given this location the benefit of the doubt (maybe this handful of employees was having an off day?) more than once, and will not be going back. 
It's a shame really, the food is good and it's close to where I work. But it's not worth the condescending, distasteful interaction that comes with it. I hope corporate cosi visits this one, it needs serious attention.T.B.M is a great sandwich.  A lot of great healthy option.  Love the flat bread sandwiches. I typically get it once a week for lunch. Set up is a little strange when it comes to the ordering process.  Order then pay, then wait for your order.   Not the nicest places inside.  Feels a little outdated.  But for me it is a good lunch option.  Kids enjoy the grilled chees also.Agree totally with Laura S. usually avoid this place, but I work nearby and needed a quick lunch. Completely ignored by the I'm-way-to-cool-to-be-making-salads-but-I-am guy, who takes an order from someone who came in after me. No problem, I'll wait. Then he tells me that the person who came in after me is before me and gives me an attitude. Do yourself a favor and don't go here, unless of course if you are into being ignored and overpaying for sub quality food.It's Cosi... but if someone hasn't eaten there and wants to know what's good and what's not... here is what I have so far:
Great: nothing food wise, but the fresh made drinks (especially the raspberry lemonade) are a craving of mine on a hot day
Good: the signature salad, buffalo chicken sand.
Decent: the steak TMB, breakfast wraps
Yuck: shrimp remoulade, brownies, turkey bacon cheddar melt (which would probably be good if some idiot didn't put honey mustard on it... does no one use ranch in these parts... seriously?!?!)
Bonuses: I always love seeing the teenage managers on a power trip while I abuse the free wifi for studying :)  Depending on the Cosi you go to that is... not sure if it was the 15th street one
Minuses:  Get some freaking power outlets and students would be all over the place!  They lose so much money because of this... why even have free wifi if you don't have a place to plug the computers in... it's false advertising as far as I'm concerned!Cosi food sucks.  It truly does.  As Cosis go, this one is relatively inoffensive to me.  Service is fast, the people are nice enough, the location is convenient in an area where takeout is surprisingly scarce for a few block radius.  I find virtually all of their sandwiches gross, and their coffee is truly disgusting.  But, I recently discovered the hummus and vegetable sandwich on flatbread which brought this to a 3-star rating. It's bad when a perpetual carnivore has to resort to ordering a meatless option in order to be able to go here.  But this Cosi is no worse than any other.Since I wrote a rather negative review in 2011, this Cosi got a lot better.  You can always tell when a change in managers happens, as it directly affects, for better or worse, the quality of the help, and the general upkeep and appearance.  I wish that I had written a positive review in the last couple years because now, there has obviously been another change in managers (in the past month or so - this being written on 5/18/15), because now it is an absolute DISASTER AREA!  There is total chaos in the store.  It looke like every counter person is new and has had NO training and has no idea how to make a sandwich.  The people who are apparently supposed to be supervising/teaching/ helping, are totally useless.  Customers mill about, not knowing where to stand- orders back up - the counter person asks the helper what to do. the helper pulls out the menu card.. they study it.. There is a line for everything - ordering, paying, etc.  TERRIBLE!   
  I can only wait for the NEXT change in management, which hopefull will come soon!After the ballet went there for a quick bite, and ordered some pizza Margherita and a drink, and after seating down at a table and waiting for my order was told I had to take it out because they were closingShame on me for trying Cosi again.  I KNOW I said I was done.  Maybe it was the lack of caffeine that caused the lapse in judgement.  This time was even more ridiculous.  Ordered the same: latte-extra-shot-of-espresso-ONE-pump-brownsugarcinnamon-flavor.  Out of brown sugar cinnamon...out of vanilla...okay, had hazelnut.  ONE pump of hazelnut.
Squirt, squirt, squirt.
ME: I only want ONE pump.  (said nicely b/c I'm an insanely nice person)
HER: Oh, right.  (proceeding to make drink)
ME:  Really though, I can't have all that sugar, I can only have one pump.
HER: (STILL proceeding to make drink) Well, at least I remembered that you wanted an extra shot (handing me drink).
ME:  walked out.
Not sure who the bigger idiot is.  Although after this many chances AND walking out (and not demanding my money back first) I'm totally thinking it's me.So disgusted. I went in around 1pm today and ordered a sandwich, only to watch the man behind the counter use his latex glove covered hand as a tissue and then make my sandwich while several other employees looked on and didn't say a word. I hope the homeless man I gave it to enjoys my grossly overpriced sandwich. Will definitely not be back to this Cosi location.I'm going to say upfront that I usually like Cosi's food (depending on what I order), and that my main problem with this particular Cosi is the service. Today, for example, the oven they use to toast the sandwiches and pizzas on stopped working, so they had to switch to another one, which took some time to heat up. I've worked in food service, I understand these things happen. What I was not happy about was that even after the manager assured us we'd have our food shortly, and me waiting 25 minutes from when I walked in the shop, I find out that my sandwich was never even made. How, I'm not sure, as the employee that took my order filled out an order slip. Perhaps someone else grabbed it, but whatever the case is, I was on my lunch break, and I ended up spending 35 minutes just getting food to-go. Their employees on the whole tend to be unfriendly and sometimes rude. I've seen some stick their hands in the food bar and eat in front of customers, and then continue making food with the same pair of gloves. I really wish that they could get their service together, because it's in a convenient location and is relatively affordable on a college student's budget.The short: pretty standard as far as Cosi's go. Ya always know what you're going to get. 
The longer: conveniently located in the 30th street station, this Cosi has some seating area, free wifi & a stocked to-go counter. 
Are the tables sticky? Yes. Was the service mediocre? Yes. Was I excited to GTFO of the train station? Yes. But, I was fed & got wifi'd up... so I'm happy!The food simply wasn't good. Ordered an chicken rice bowl and all I could think about was how I should have just gone to the chipotle across the street. My friend ordered a BBQ chicken pizza and it was decent in taste and could even feed two (small stomachs). 
There are way too many other solid food options in Philly to waste a meal here. If I come back, I'm gonna keep it simple and stick to coffee and a pastry.Cosi is just a walk across the street from where I come up from below the ground on PATCO.  On early, cold winter mornings especially, I enjoy the idea of paying an extraordinary amount of money for a cup of coffee and I'm a huge fan of yogurt and granola.  My place of work has a pretty high-end coffee maker so I'll often skip purchasing it at Cosi but I still crave the yogurt and often build up the anticipation while I'm on the train into the city.
First of all, who designed the layout of this place?  There are two major support columns smack-dab in the middle of the seating area with one of them being so close to the cash register that it's impossible to maneuver around it without becoming VERY friendly with the other customers in line to pay!  I never know which way to enter the "line" because if I go one way, I have to bump the backs of other customers heads who are trying to sit and eat a quick meal because the seating is so close to the line where you order food.  Or if I go the other direction, I'm a fish swimming upstream and I have to negotiate that F-ing column.
Now comes my biggest complaint...
EVERY SINGLE TIME I GO TO COSI, there is no yogurt prepared!  OK, maybe once out of every four times I go, there's yogurt but most times there is none.  So, I have to make the decision of waiting for them to make one up for me and be late for work, go without my yogurt or deal with the often standard reply, "No, we don't have any."  Seriously?  Of course, you have some it's just that your lazy ass doesn't want to make me one!  How many times does one have to go there and be denied before the manager gets it that they need to keep it stocked in the cooler that is specifically designed to house the PRE-MADE yogurt parfaits for QUICK PURCHASE?  
Now, I don't want to get too personal but there is one sales person at Cosi who seems to be there nearly every morning that I go in.  He's a nice enough person but lord, he is a few french fries short of a happy meal!  One day, I watched in amazement the process of him making me a yogurt parfait.  You would have thought we was responsible for saving the world!  His hands shook, he had no idea how many strawberries went into the mix or even how to put a parfait together.  Seriously, Waldo, it's yogurt, strawberries and sprinkle on some granola!  It was painful to watch and ever since that experience, if I see they are out of parfaits and he is working, I simply walk out.  
I've eaten other items at Cosi and although I hate the process of ordering and making my way through the gerbil trail to pay, the quality of the food is good.  I especially like the turkey and brie wrap.  
It's not a terrible place at all but what good is it to have a nice selection of food to choose from if some of it is not available?  Sort of like putting lipstick on a pig.Oh Cosi! How i miss thee!
I first fell in love with you back during the college days in UCity.  The flatbread is simply the bomb dot com, there's nothing to not like about it.  My usual is the TBM warmed.  The M melts in your mouth but can be messy.  Their mojito lemonade is so refreshing on a hot summer day.  So we tried the pho ga cause it was on the soup menu, next time just pass on it.  
Oh Cosi, i wish you could be closer!I have spent a LOT of time over the years  and mucho $$ in this Cosi. It used to be great but it is now horrible and going downhill FAST!
First of- it is really dirty. I noticed the cutting boards along the prep area. They are FILTHY! All cut up (understandable) but the cuts are all discolored. What does that? Bacteria. Now I can't bring myself to order any sandwich that will sit on the boards. Blech!
Secondly, they "revamped" the menu and it SUCKS. No more 1/2 sandwich with soup option. STUPID.
They are permanently out of my lunch rotation. Farewell.I have no idea what is going on with this cosi. I waited for 15 minutes as the second person in line before walking out of the store and the first person still hadn't had their order taken. The employees seemingly just walk around in circles doing nothing.Since this Cosi is located in University City with a significant customer base of students, I wonder whether it is coincidence or intentional design that the store has two levels, the top one especially good for studying in the morning hours . I am not sure if this applies to the afternoon and evening hours, as I have not been there at those times. In terms of the food, I really enjoy the Turkey Light sandwich for lunch and the sesame bagels (Cosi calls them squagels) for breakfast. Just recently, Cosi upped its coffee game with more diversified offerings. For example, I tasted an Ethiopian blend this morning. It was excellent. Service speed can slow up at times with big morning and lunch rushes, but having been here on and off for many years, the service and food have been 3-star consistent. A pretty high traffic Cosi, the place is not the cleanest at times, an area that I hope that they are aware of and are working on.10 mins for hot water and 2 bags of tea.
+ 20 mins for s'mores.
---------------------------
   30 mins to complete our order = never again.
There were roughly 5 couples in the restaurant.
What the heck? I empathize with the Eagles losing and all...but this is horrible. Everyone knows Cosi's food is sub-par. If you're looking for s'mores and a good hot drink, make sure to bring a good read while you wait.I go to this place 3x a week b/c my office is nearby. Wait, I mean I WENT. Starting today, I'm never stepping foot in a Cosi again. I just got accosted by an employee for standing near the sandwhich station while talking to a friend. I had already placed my order, I'd already gotten my sandwhich, I was good to go. The person behind the counter, twice, literally screamed at me to ask if I was all-set, then ask what I was waiting for. The first time I replied "I'm all set, I've got my food", and held it up for him to see. The second time, I looked over at him in disbelief and said with what was probably an ice cold expression, "I'm not waiting for anything. I'm talking to someone", then returned to my conversation. For the record, this place has the worst layout imaginable and on top of that, about 30% too much seating. If there had been some free space anywhere else in the building, believe me, I would have gladly gone to it an been out of your precious space.I love Cosi. And this is the worst Cosi I've ever visited...twice. Service is amazingly slow and staff are careless. One Gentleman made my sandwich while holding the bread in the same hand as an open pen. I have watched them dump the liquid from peppers onto the sandwich. They have rolled the sandwich in foil like a burrito. There has been a line to the door and they have moved liked molasses. There just doesn't seem to be a care in the world. Understaffed and under-motivated.Stopped in this Cost location for a quick breakfast this morning and I was really disappointed. Something that is always super important to me, ESPECIALLY at chain restaurants, is service. As a former employee of a large chain restaurant, I know that management is everything. 
This morning I was disappointed in the service I received from all members of staff. The guy who took my order rudely corrected me when I ordered a "steak and cheese" instead of the "steak and egg" as it says on the menu. It was just unnecessary and I apologized for the mix-up and moved along with my day, despite being frustrated. Again, the staff member at the cash register basically barked at myself and the other two people in line with short answers and statements like "for here?", "receipt?", and "you want milk?"
The food and the iced coffee were fine, but I will most definitely walk out of my way to go somewhere else for breakfast and lunch when I am around campus because of the really poor service.This cosi is a good one! The lines can be out of control long around lunch time as everyone is grabbing lunch between classes, but the staff handles the rush well! The separate the ordering lines so that quicker orders are tackled pretty much immediately. If you just want soup head on up to the register! 
It can get pretty loud in the place during the day with students popping in and out so I wouldn't recommend for studying. Although it's a lot quieter in the evening when students have moved else where along campus and it's open decently late it you prefer a spot like that for studying. The upstairs seating is also always a good option as a lot of people forget about it. Otherwise this is a pretty standard cosi nothing to complain about. Oh and as with all my other reviews of cosi's throughout the land get the chicken TBM melt!Yes, I know I said I'd never go back. I said that after my pervious two- and one-star reviews. But I can not be held 100% responsible for the things that I do when I am NOT under the influence of caffeine...
So, third review is the charm....I'm pretty sure this location is under new management and for sure they've hired some new (super nice! competent! friendly!) staff. 
I still only go in for drinks (and usually early a.m. when there aren't many people in there) but they make them perfect (1-pump and extra-shot) every time. Served with a smile & engaging conversation. Side story: one night when I was waiting for the trolley one of the baristas was also at the station and asked me if I had ever been there (to Cosi) & how my experience was!
Way to go Cosi!  Tell your morning coffee bar staff how fabulous they are!It was never a good experience the first time. But I tried it a second time for something small like coffee. First and foremost the service was extremely slow. I had gone there with family and ordered 2 lattés. It took them almost like half an hour to make the drinks. This was the time when the restaurant was empty and not much crowd. I can only imagine what happens at rush hour.  When the lattés finally came they tasted so dull. It was like they did not add any espresso shots or maybe just added half a shot. I don't know. The taste was not at all good and very sub-par if you compare it to a Starbucks or any other coffee shop for the matter.  This coffee was the worst. This experience left me and my family feeling disappointed and we vowed never to go there again. Avoid if you can.I hate the setup of this cosi... It's really confusing because you have to give your order at one end (not where the cash registers are) and then you have to walk around to the other side and repeat your order to whoever is at the cash register.. the setup is not systematic, it is jumbled and confusing and the employees don't really assist with directing traffic because they expect you to know the process (which i think is unreasonable considering no other cosi i've ever been to is set up in this manner)
In addition, I was 1 of 2 customers waiting on an order and i watched my hot beverage through to completion and it took FAR too long for me to be serviced. I'm usually relatively patient with this kind of stuff and I would have been in this situation had the employee making my drink 1. known what she was doing and 2. not had three different conversations with other employees in the meantime.
Disappointed and probably won't be returning to this location.Today I tried Cosi. I honestly debated whether to chance it or wait it out at Chipotle. I should've waited.  The set up of Cosi doesn't make much sense.  It seems like they're trying to hard to be like Starbucks and failed.  I ordered a half a turkey bacon sandwich.  Bacon is in the name yet bacon isn't what I received.  Lady informed me they were out of bacon but they could give me pepperoni instead.  Well yea that's an even trade not really but F it I said yes.  My Sandwich looked pitiful. It was cold and nothing exciting. It looked as if someone gutted bootleg pizza crust and used it for bread. Next came the lemonade which I figured had to taste better than my turkey pepperoni sandwich.  I was wrong.  The lemonade tasted as if someone left the lid off in a smelly locker room.  This was even after I tried to doctor it with agave nectar and raw sugar. Like how do you make lemons and water taste that bad?  I checked my breath after sipping it.  I def wasted my money.  Get it together Cosi.Let me start by saying I LOVE COSI. I have been going to Cosi since the late 90's when it was X and O and have hit most of the locatons in the City of Philadelphia and even the one in Wayne. I love the sandwhiches, soup, coffee... but my goodness the service at 12th and Walnut is UNBELIEVABLY BAD. They just can't get their act together. Every time I order something there it is wrong. The coffee and register staff (at lunch hour, I'll add) is always miserable, complaining or just standing around. 
I kid you not.
Some advice: Don't go here. Try going to the one at 18th and JFK. There's a good Cosi. Or the one at 18th and Walnut, now that's a good Cosi. But if you get sacked with going here, take some advice
1. Order food directly from the menu and make no changes. If you need to (which hey, I asked for no sauce on my sandwhich today) make sure you watch the staff make the sandwhich to ensure you get what you ordered. Today (like others) I did not and am now stuck eating what I precisely did not want. Saucy!
2. Order coffee from the board, no changes. If you like a pump of this or a pump of that in addition (which they OFFER) again, make sure you watch the person make your coffee. You might have to return it 3 times (yep, 3) but you'll ensure it's right.
3. Check your reciept to make sure you were charged properly and not extra for something that no longer exists in the menu. Yeah, that happens too.In general, I'm a Cosi fan.  Yes, it's a chain and can be a bit expensive, but it's convenient and has options.   
The staff at this particular location has consistently outshined.  I am always promised a smile and how can I help you on every visit even during the lunch rush. 
On one particular visit, I told the smiling woman taking my order that I was thinking about trying a different drink (the double oh! arctic mocha is my staple "it's been a long day, I need a treat" treat).  She enthusiastically told me she'd make me one to try and if I didn't like it she'd make me my regular.  And that she did!I just tried Cosi's Adobo chicken with avocado bowl. I must say it was awesome! Especially the flat bread that comes warm and fresh. My new fav place for lunch!Overcrowded, unorganized, really over priced! Panera Bread out classes this place 10-2. What a waste of time.  Food is blahhhh...Ordered a breakfast sandwich from Cosi for the first and last time.  I ordered a santa fe on a plain squagel.  the first thing i notice is some type of white crumbled substance on the sandwich.  turns out those were the egg whites, I didn't ask for egg whites, but the bigger problem is the use of an 'egg product'  I think establishments should make it clear that their eggs come from a carton not from shells.  Furthermore there wasn't a good balance between the square bagel and the sandwich content, it's waaayyy too much bread for the small amount of filling. After three bites I tossed the sandwichService is terrible. Employees don't make eye contact with you, don't explain how the order process works (you order at one spot, repeat your order in another, nobody tells you how you know when your meal is done). Food isn't that tasty either :/This is a very convenient location for me. Food is good. The coffee is even better. It's never too crowded, even at lunch hour. And the lines move pretty fastGot really sick for two days after eating a salad from here. I would never eat here again!!!A good place for lunch, but I never could find the napkins!  I had the Vegi Muffaletta and it was delicious.  There are a TON of banana peppers on this sandwich, but I happen to love them so that just made it better in my opinion.  T had the wasabi roast beef, and he said it was delicious.  It even had pickled ginger on it.  Mmm!Cosi sandwiches are quite tasty... and extremely overpriced. The sesame ginger chicken and the hummus & fresh veggies are my two favorite choices upon discovering the exorbitant calories that lurk behind the 'Melt' sandwiches. The tuna melt alone delivers 874 calories -- no wonder it tasted so good.
Salads and espresso drinks generally follow the trend of overpriciness that Cosi shamelessly advocates. $10 for bird food? Umm no, sorry. The same holds true for the drip coffee; a medium sized is more expensive than a Starbucks venti?! The salads are not much better than a Panera's and the espresso drinks not as strong as the Starbucks either.
I've never seen this Cosi packed, which makes it a rather awkward place to, say, if you were to catch up with a friend or even study (not that the music or the loudness of the place is conducive to learning to begin with.) And as a side note, be sure to read those Terms of Service before logging on to the WiFi network!Horrible experience at 30th at station. Will never return. 
1. I ordered a small Tuscan chicken sandwich. They charged me for a large. I pointed this out and they took forever to grudgingly fix it. 
2. If you want a hot sandwich, they quote an additional 8 min wait time.
3. I opened my sandwich on the train and they had given me A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT SANDWICH than what I had ordered. My receipt had the sandwich listed correctly. 
Incompetence at its finest.I've definitely experienced better. The food here is very mediocre, and on top of that, they were recently shut down by the health department for violations for storing food at improper temperatures, and lack of proper sanitation when handling food. I'm surprised I haven't gotten sick yet, but it is Cosi after all. The food isn't amazing, but for the price, you get what you pay for. Overpriced bread and sandwiches in my opinion.The guy who works there who asks the riddles is quite cool though, he keeps me coming back.THE WORST CUP OF COFFEE IN MY LIFE
On my way to work on a recent Saturday morning, I decided  I would give Starbuck's a rest and go to Cosi for a cup of coffee. As in most of these franchise/chain operations the staff is usually better than what they're selling and the Cosi's at 15th&Walnut Street  is no exception. 
Unfortunately, the Cafe Au Lait  I bought and took to work to drink was the worst cup of coffee I had had in my life. The coffee tasted burned and left a metallic after taste.
When I called the Cosi in question to let them know - I was told by a nice enough female staffer, Jackie, that the coffeemakers sometimes over heat and burn the coffee(?) and that if I told whoever when I came in the next time I could get a free cup of coffee. I'll give you 3 guesses at the odds of me getting another coffee there.
Now, you may think I'm exaggerating when I say this was the worst cup of coffee in my life but I taste tested this coffee against MickeyD's and a no-name brand instant (yes, you read it right instant) from the dollar store and the Cosi's was the worst.
Don't worry I took the offending nasty Cosi's coffee to a toxic waste dump site so as not to pollute the city's water system.
Let me tell you about  the 2nd worst cup of coffee I ever had; it was from the Cosi's at 54th and City Line Avenue...I'll just jump right in here with this...I was flashed in this Cosi.  Granted, the act alone was no fault of the staff.  However, the reaction of the staff was horrible.  I went over to my waiter to complain, and he told he "He'd look into it."  The flasher was NOT removed from the restaurant.  
I understand the staff might not want to make a scene, but that was pretty ridiculous.Not a fan. Simply not impressed with the food, the atmosphere or the service. $12 for a bowl with 4-6   mc nugget sized chunks if steak on a bed of lettuce seems a bit pricey for the cookie cutter chain. One word sums it up..meh.Just what, exactly, is going on here. It seems that I will never understand the Cosi clue! This location's low-level management is just awful and confused. I'm sure their intention is to IMPROVE, but obviously that ain't happening.
This location keep changing their in-store ordering setup. One day, you'll order here, go pay there, and come back here to pickup your food. Another day, you'll order and pay there, then go to the other side to pickup your order. Why you are trying to confuse us, Cosi?
Oh, you prefer to place your order online for pick up, make sure you got all your items, they have the tendency to miss either your bread or your coworker's bag of carrots, or perhaps they will forget the whole order. Re-think.
I believe that their management operation is just awful and confused. I try not to go, but it is around the corner from me, and it is one fast Ritalin food. Sometimes I cannot resist. 
I have another legit question, Cosi: Why most, if not all, of your employees are miserable and unhappy. 
One and half Yelps.I stopped at this Cosi recently for a quick lunch. Much the same as other Cosi's in center city it was busy, full of students and business-looking folk on lunch break.  I ordered a salad with grilled salmon on top. It wasn't bad, but the lettuce and some of the veggies could have been a bit fresher - they had a little limpness going on. Another few stars off because the bathroom and drink/coffee supply station were pretty messy.  I can imagine this was due to the busyness of lunch time, but at the same time they were well staffed. I would go back again, I'll just make sure the food looks fresh before I start eating.Sandwiches were good and freshly made. In terms of the food, nothing stood out as different from the Cosi places I frequent in DC. Cosi is just generally a very good sandwich shop.
I went around dinner time and it was a bit crowded though. Took almost 10 minutes to get my sandwich, whereas I'm used to about a 5 minute wait. Other than that, no complaints. The free wifi was nice!Service here is crap. I mean, I love Cosi. And usually they are very on top of things and hospitable. But this location is appalling. First of all, it took a long enough time of me standing around in their cluttered waiting area waiting to be called over to a register. The girl ringing me up (not wearing a name tag) just automatically assumed I wanted only the water bottle I was holding. So I ordered a melt sandwich and she then assumed what type of bread and side I wanted without asking. And before I could say I wanted white bread, she just up and walked away in the middle of my order! Another girl had to come finish ringing me up. Incredible. Then the melt wasn't even melted and cold in the middle. I definitely don't recommend this location. The employees either aren't getting paid enough or they just plain don't care.I generally hate Cosi - the bread is like hot cardboard - and the food is not my thing, but I stop in to this one every once in a while for iced coffee.  A good friend lives near this one so we'll meet here, grab some iced coffee and hang out with or without our kids in tow.
The restroom is abhorently filthy though.  Yick.I am so not a Cosi fan.
The bread tastes like stale cardboard a minute after it cools - and g-d know what its doing inside my stomach.
The prices are high as are the caloric contents.
This particular location - inside 30th Street - is often crowded and the service is awful.
Not my thing, baby - and 2 stars is being nice.This is the most obnoxious Cosi location in the city, and it doesn't even have any Wharton undergrads to swarm it. All of the problems here are due to poor planning and management. 
Want to get breakfast? Come in, walk up to counter where it says 'order sandwiches,' guys making bagels studiously avoid eye contact. When they have made several bagels, one looks at you and asks if you've ordered. When you say no, he sends you over to the register. The guy who works in the morning is super-sweet but he can't make up for bad planning. Want a napkin? Ask the dude. Want a straw? Ask the dude. Need a plastic knife? Ask the dude. Poor guy is run ragged. Also there's nowhere to put your freaking coffee to put the sugar in it. 
Come back later for lunch? You think you have this down. You get in the line for the register all proud that you have figured out their system because it is the opposite of every other Cosi. You get to the front of the line and order. Did you order already? No, you say. Oh, you have to go order over there then come to the register .
ASDF!@*%!!!Out of the many times I've gone to this Cosi, I can count on one hand the number of times the staff there has gotten my order correct. They are always missing something, or accidentally giving my order to someone else, etc. However, the staff is always very polite and apologetic, so I can't be mad. Plus, I do really like the food better than the alternative (Au Ban Pain).I've been here a few times for lunch, and every time I go, I've been impressed with the staff. They are the happiest bunch of employees I've ever seen at a Cosi, and they alone make it worth coming in for food. I got my salad in record time and chatted with my cashier about how hot it was. When I grabbed the salad, the man behind the counter gave me the biggest smile.
My only complaint is that the egg in my Cosi Club salad looked perfect, but something about it was off--almost sour. Otherwise, the salad was as good as any I've ever had from Cosi. Will definitely come back for lunch another day.Was excited to work their Signature Salad into my lunch rotations; very pricey, but the only salad I've found to be satiating. Sadly, with each salad closer to my free entree the quality has gotten worse. I try to enunciate clearly when I ask for my particulars of no pistachios, add chicken, and lite dressing. But if they offer for you to go pay first and come back for your salad, decline and watch them carefully to be sure you're getting what you ordered. 
Finally today I found bacon where bacon ought not be. I got a new salad, but checked before going back to the office and surely enough no chicken this time. Went back again, and got attitude from the manager that he'd made it himself. Good, then you can finish making it, yourself.Could vomit. I got the hummus and veggie sandwich since I am a vegetarian. Everything was going great until I got to the middle of my sandwich and I FOUND A RANDOM PIECE OF CHICKEN. C-H-I-C-K-E-N!!!!!!!!! I was already having a horrible day then to bite into a piece of chicken. GAG GAG GAG!!!!! I had to throw out my entire $13 sandwich then I HAD TO ENDURE FOUR HOURS OF CROWDED TRAINS WITHOUT ANY FOOD IN ME. I AM NOT HAPPY.I'm giving this five stars for breakfast.   Different than others with square bagels cooked on premises, all kinds of unique flavors.  Had the sausage and pepper breakfast sandwich and it was fantastic.  My wife also got a breakfast sandwich (she forgot to order the egg on it and only got mozzarella and onion - reminder, get the egg!) and coffee.  For the two of us it was less than seven bucks.  That's two people, great food, less then 7, holy smokes, we'll be back.Small "cozi" restaurant with not enough room or tables.  We came in with a group of 4. 2 of us had to sit at a table isolated from the other 2 who were in just chairs pushed to the side.  It was only 11am and not during lunch rush.  
We purchased 2 teas (piping hot... Had to wait a long time to drink) and 2 caramel lattes (which were no where flavored or sweetened enough).  
We didn't try any of the food... But it looked delicious and appetizing.
Overall, they need more space and more tables, but seems to be a popular place to get breakfast, lunch, or a light dinner of pizza, sandwiches, salads, coffee, and a light breakfast.  Would come again and try the food... But only if there was room to sit.
Also, they could use more bathrooms.I will avoid cosi in the future. I bought two sanwiches, a turkey blt and a shrimp Ceasar. Instead of shrimp cosi gave chicken. I would have tried to fix the order but my train was boarding in a couple of minutes. The sanwich reminiscent of putting a chicken Ceasar salad on hard bread. The turkey blt was better, the bread was fresher and the sanwich was correct. Cosi just isn't for me.Ugh...not sure if just this Cosi sucks, or if they are all this bad, but either way my experience here has completely turned me off from eating here again.
I live across the street, and would have loved for this place to be one of my go to's but I had a bad experience here around the time I moved in so I pretty much wrote it off. The other day, however, it was cold and rainy, and I was suddenly craving some soup. Not wanting to go far, I decided to come here (man I really wish Cosi had closed and been replaced by Chipotle, instead of Potbelly). 
I decided to get the pick 2 combo including a cup of the chicken, sausage, and rice soup, a Greek salad, and a side of bread. Panera offers a similar option (pick 2 combo), however, the food there is about 100 times better! I've had plenty of Greek salads since my fiance is obsessed with them, but this one was just awful. The dressing was all wrong, and none of the ingredients tasted fresh. The soup was decent, but very oily. And the bread was...well really nothing special about it honestly (although it was a pretty big piece).
I'm very confused by the face that you can find Cosi all throughout Center City, but not one single Panera...one of the few downfalls of Philly!Dear Cosi, 
Although you are a chain, you represent the perfect break from the vanilla Panera Breads of the city (and suburbs). The presence of a brick oven earns you serious cred, in my book. Oh, and I absolutely adore your Turkey and Brie sandwich. 
Now that I've buttered you up, we need to talk... Just because you have a novel way of serving the general population sandwiches and squagel-bagels (haha, I said squagel) doesn't give you the right to serve mediocre pizza. I mean, seriously, YOU HAVE A BRICK OVEN. There is a certain expectation that the pizza will rock. Your BBQ pizza severely disappointed me. The sauce was okay, but don't be stingy, spoon that stuff on there! And the bread? I had flashbacks to my time in Chicago where deep dish lives. 
I expected better of you, Cosi. I thought you were the one.Visited this location this morning.  There were mice running around the seating and food prep areas, and two mice disappeared in a gap under the sandwich prep counter.  I told the male manager, and he just rolled his eyes and said "yeah, um, someone is coming today."  Needless to say, I threw my sandwich out without eating it.About a minute after sitting down at a table, a person of indecipherable gender wearing a blanket and two pairs of glasses sat down at a table directly facing me. This person stared at me, seemingly without blinking, for the next ten minutes.
We both had the chai latte and it was lousy.Yummy sandwiches and bowls...quick but a little hard to figure out the menu.A much better, updated version of Au Bon Pain, occupying the niche that Au Bon Pain once held of the quality alternative sandwich place, but with a few extras (flatbread pizza, breakfast sandwiches). It's decent, and I appreciate fresh and crunchy vegetables in a sea of hoagies and burger fare, but the execution is missing a certain something I find it hard to put a finger on. That said, there's an actual Au Bon Pain still hanging on here at 30th street, and I heartily recommend passing that by and coming forty feet further down the corridor to get to Cosi.I miss XandO!! Did you know the original company which is now the coffee portion of COSI was called XandO? Yeah, it was. The XO stood for Hugs and Kisses while the "and" stood for the first initials of the owners Andy, Nick and Dave. How cool is that! Of course, they were much smaller than COSI whose presence was well known in NYC. So, X and O was swallowed into the COSI brand and we are now obsessed with salty, buttery bread! Amazing that you will actually spend $2.19 for a slice of COSI bread! God we are pieces of...bread! Oh, the review... I like COSI but I really miss XandO and I wish COSI was more like XandO! This location is also known as "GAY COSI". I remember hanging out with XandO friends here after work at one of the museums on the parkway. I was a farmer dufus with baggy jeans and boots topped off with a flannel jacket. I looked so south jeresey, it was crazy! Ah, memories. So, go to COSI and create some new ones. Try to forget about the old, it's not their fault... or is it?!?!Does anyone remember a time when Cosi used to be X and O?  X and O was a sandwich shop by day, and then a make-your-own s'mores and drink tasty coffee drinks, happening kind of evening.  Dim lighting, lots of long tables for large parties, open late for the overzealous caffeinated pretties.
Until some people started calling it "Xando" - pronounced "ZAAAANDO" - and the cringe heard around the world when someone would even suggest going there was enough to bring the evenings of tableside chocolate, marshmallows, and graham crackers to a screeching halt.   No more X and O.  No more Xando.  No more late night.   
Hi, Cosi.
So Cosi did it's thing.  The pretties still came in looking for the old digs, but a friendly menu stating that s'mores and pizza and fondue and other former staples of X and O would still be available - just during the daytime.   But what happened was this:  people realized that for some odd reason, all of those delectable late-night dishes only tasted good after hours.   Believe me, I tried the s'mores thing one time at lunch.  You try going back to work with burnt marshmallow all over your face.    
Then Cosi put out free samples of their bread.   By the time you were done waiting in line for your salad or sandwich, you'd already partaken in the equivalent of four pieces of bread.   Oily, no grain, obviously very tasty bread.     But the salad and sandwiches were quite good and you got your 10th for free.  
Then Cosi did the unmentionable.  They downgraded their chicken.  It went from actual good tasting grilled chicken to the kind of chicken you'd find swimming inside McNuggets.  Gooey, sometimes unchewable, definitely not fresh or grilled, but easy to prepare.  And cheaper to make.  
So what did I do then?  Almost forgetting completely my days of latte sipping and midnight dipping, I ordered salads.  And I switched from the chicken salad to a "make your own".  I didn't care that it was $7.50. I didn't care that I couldn't even enjoy the free bread anymore (I had made a pact with myself that it was grain or wheat bread or I don't eat it) and I didn't care that when I did bother to order a sandwich, I noticed that there wasn't much *in* it, just lots and lots of bread!
I did care, however, when a huge insect peered up at me as I was eating my salad one day.  I went right back to Cosi, showed them the salad and my new friend, Buggie O'Caterpillar, and asked for a new salad.   They happily obliged...and then charged me another $7.50!  When I told them I had exchanged it because of an insect in my food, they were none too thrilled to hear it.      And perhaps I would have forgiven the whole thing had it not happened again the very next week.  Except this time it was a very small, very dark curly hair.  
I didn't even bother to bring it back, and only returned to this Cosi to get a coffee to go.Cosi rocks! It's convenient, they usually get you in and out pretty quickly [even when they're busy], and I'm all about their taste two lunch option. I often go here for lunch and my "go to" meal is a taste two with tomato basil soup and a chicken pesto melt with a side of original bread. Bread wise, I'd choose Cosi over Panera. Soup wise, it's a toss up. The tomato basil soup should really be named creamy tomato basil, but I love creamy soups so this doesn't bother me. Their chicken pesto melt is always on point because they add a sun dried tomato spread. Delish! Cosi also has some different infused drink options that I've been wanting to try. You really can't go wrong coming here, just be sure to come before the lunch crowd, if you can, because it's a relatively small place and there isn't much room to wait.Ended up here trying to find some celebrities who were filming tbh. Got some pretty good bagels here as a result.  Overall friendly atmosphere and decent food.Location is important. This Cosi wouldn't survive if it weren't in the middle of a very busy train station, because of its inconsistent food products, poor customer service, long wait times, and messy eating areas. Thankfully, thousands of first-timers and Cosi-loving suckers in need of caffeine (like me) are literally trained in hourly.  
I frequently take Amtrak to my company's corporate office in Philadelphia, and inevitably have to get up at o'dark-thirty to do so.  This Cosi has managed to make even the simplest of coffee orders painful to the point that, now when I stop, I just grab the pre-made half tea, half lemonade drinks. I still have to wait in short lines that move at a glacial pace and pay some of the most unfriendly, unhappy looking workers I've ever met, but at least my drink tastes good.Since a lot of the places around me are closed by the time I get back every week, I've reluctantly decided to eat at Cosi. I've found service to be much faster here than at other Cosi's.  One of the cashiers is friendly. I think it's because I'm really cute...or maybe she's just a friendly person. 
Taking it down a couple stars because they sometimes run out of ingredients to make what I order. That's unacceptable for a chain!I had a smoothie and my husband had a spinach florentine omelet while waiting for a train. Yes, it was somewhat expensive for the size of the portions, but the young man behind the register who took my order was very polite and the service was prompt. I also like that they have the calorie counts on the menu.Please be careful here.  I was picked pocketed during lunch hours while eating here.  It is kinda dirty too.Their lattes are really good. I tried their tbm sandwich and i did not care for it... something just seemed off in the taste and i felt a little nauseous afterwards. They also have really good lemonade, and the people that work at the 30th st. Station location are so charming!Disclaimer: This visit was on 12/1.  I ordered a Grilled Chicken Pesto.  I was pleasantly surprised that it was not inundated with salt.  The atmosphere is very relaxing, & I noticed people on their laptops apparently using wi-fi.  The prices seemed reasonable, & I would return in a future visit to Philly.I eat at this particular Cosi spot because it's within walking distance from my job. There's never any consistency. One day I go an order a Grilled Chicken T.B.M. melt or any of the other sandwiches I enjoy and its great. Then, when I decide to go a few weeks later, the bread taste stale, the service is slow, something with the sandwich is off, etc. It's honestly hit or miss with this place, which is why I feel like I can never do a true review. However, with my last few times being more "miss" than "hit" I think two stars is appropriate because I have experienced better. 
Get it together 15th Street Cosi.Tasty, uniquely built sandwiches that were probably made to put your tastebuds on fire...in a good way I promise. I got the chicken TBM and it was good. It has a Dijon mustard/dressing which made the tomato/mozzarella/basil and chicken taste so good. Towards the middle of the sandwich I noticed that it was getting a little spicy...not tongue burning spice, but clear your sinus up spice. I thought it was a horseradish sauce and not a vinaigrette/mustard. I was very happy with it, and ended up ordering a cosi club sandwich for the road. 
Great service and great staff :)This Cosi is the closest place to eat from my workplace, and sometimes due to time constraints I come here. It's almost always a bad idea. They've messed up my order so many times and the employees sometimes have a rude comment about what I'm ordering. What's it to them what I'm ordering? I like their bread but it is true that once it cools it becomes hard cardboard. For what you pay you don't get much food. I avoid this place unless I need quick food.If you're a vendor at a train station, or any transportation center for that matter..wouldn't you think the majority of your clientele would be people ON THE GO?!?  You would think service would be speedier but no.  This Cosi is way too slow.  
I wanted to pick up a sandwich before I caught my train.  Waiting on my sandwich almost made me miss my train.  
Service fail.  And looking at the nutritional value, food is fail too.I love anything tandoori. So naturally I was intrigued by Cosi's tandoori chicken sandwich. Let's just say it was a huge disappointment. The bread was so tough for one. But forget the bread. The chicken is what's important and it tasted like imitation tandoori. What a let down. I did pick up a couple chocolate chip cookies and those were delicious!Cosi is the coolest place to hang out in Midtown Village. It's a trendy atmosphere, has gorgeous big windows, the staff is always so friendly, and it has a really nice refillable drink station. When you want to chill for a little while, and grab something to eat and drink while you read or mingle, this is the spot in Midtown.I'm quite embarrassed to say that I've never been to Cosi until recently. Upon arrival, I was given a fresh piece of multigrain bread. Why? I have no clue. Did I eat it? No, I devoured it while in heaven. Seriously, their multigrain bread is on point. 
I ordered a caesar salad sandwich, obviously on multigrain bread. The sandwich didn't have that weird lettuce to dressing ratio that some caesar salad sandwiches have. It was perfect. I was really full half way through my meal so I was lucky enough to enjoy this the next day as well. 
I thought this location was clean and attentive. So glad I finally stopped in!Meh. Very bland, corporate, and uninspired, even for a Cosi. The food is very average, but the ambiance is just a little off-putting and strange. Right next door, Starbucks is cozier and better for studying, and Chipotle has better food.DON'T GO HERE! Worst vendor at 30th Street. As an employee in the building I try to support all of the vendors, but after 3 years I have yet to have a good experience here and don't plan to ever go back. Today was the last straw. I ordered a simple cup of oatmeal. 10 minutes later I asked where my order was and the girl gave me the cup that I had watched sit on the counter for 9 of those 10 minutes. And then she tried to tell me they had just put it on the counter. On top of that, the girl at the register failed to tell me when I ordered brown sugar with my oatmeal, that the oatmeal condiments are self serve. So imagine what a jerk I sounded like when I complained that my oatmeal didn't have brown sugar in it! It's too bad, because they really do make a good oatmeal, but I'll have to try the one at Au Bon Pain. Save yourself the aggravation and check out any other place at 30th Street.The customer service at this place is awesome, I think it was a manager that helped us but she just made the experience for my boyfriend and I. I would definitely come back here.I got food poisoning at this COSI, and 9 hours later my wife had the same symptoms but less harsh.  I went to the ER after vomiting and diarrhea for 5 hours no stop. I was on iv for about 3-4 hours.
I worked at a different COSI about 5-6 years ago, and I know that it's mostly sanitary, but some things get left out too long and when business gets very slow, the way the trays are set up, there is NO way of keeping things cold while they're exposed to air. So things get left out and go bad, fast, especially since there is an oven right next to the "cold" food trays.
In my case, the spinach artichoke dip was not just room temperature but also tasted old. We asked the waitress to heat it up and for some fresh bread (since the bread was hard as a rock) because the dip is supposed to be served hot with bread for dipping. I don't think us getting sick was her putting something in our food.
I have had many great sandwiches from the COSI restaurants and I was always satisfied, but the experience I went though has made me never want to set one foot in that place ever again.
So I'll give this one 2 stars because I have had good experiences there in the past, and because after I wrote to COSI corporate, they did apologize and offered some coupons (... like I would ever use them).My boo and I came here to avoid paying for the overpriced hotel breakfast at the holiday inn down the street by independence hall.  
I thought it was a pretty standard cosi.  Not sure location was like all of the other ones, but it had a bunch of little things I thought was annoying.
For breakfast, the coffee was kept behind the counter. I think they should let us have free refills.  It's not like you can drink gallons of it anyway.  
Napkins are kept on lockdown behind the counter.  They're going green I suppose, but I like napkins on every table.
The squagel egg sandwich we had was pretty good. and the employees super friendly and helpful. 
I thought going to this place for breakfast was a great alternative to our crappy hotel.Well here is my experience. I have been coming into Cosi for a while and while nothing to write home about, the "signature salad" is edible. So here I go ordering another one---with whole wheat bread please. That, apparently, was my first (and last @ Cosi) mistake. After an inordinately long wait to receive said delicacies----a less than co-ordinated person plunks the lovely meal on my table. The bread was white. But I like my flatbread with a trace of whole wheat. Not one to pay for the wrong order---I took it back to the server and asked whether it was whole wheat. 
No  that is WHITE bread. The surly 'gentleman' proceeds to put his bare hand on a piece of whole wheat flatbread right in front of me and hands it to me in a bag. (Perhaps this explains the outburst of food poisoning ladies). I just looked at him aghast and said "did you just handle that with your hands? " He looks at me. Did he really expect me to take it ????? What if he had urinated on it in front of me. 
He hands it to me and says :" Here you go, big guy". Now is that respectful ? 
 I said :"don't call me big guy" So he does it again.It turned out he was the manager (or at least he said he was.) Need I go on and describe how all hell broke loose ? No, I will spare you---kind reader. I will also leave the moral of the story for you to decipher. 
Have a nice day.
PS: since then mgmt has followed up with me and we will see if that materializes in changes. If it doesn't, a call to the health dept. will be in order.i was never really a fan of cosi to begin with, but we were trying to go to buddakan next door and it was CLOSED. WTH!!! anyway, we were hungry on a summer day and since they had plenty of spacious seating we decided to have lunch/snack here. the wait was quite long, and the bathroom was downright scary.Stay away from the pizza at Cosi.  It is really lame.  Especially since in Philly you can get really good authentic pizza practically right around the corner from any Cosi.  
I repeat... do not order the pizza at Cosi.  I just saved you from wasting $8... you're welcome.This is one of the worst run Cosi's I've ever been to. The ordering process is a mess and it's slow - we waited 20 minutes for our order and then it was wrong. Avoid at all costsRunning around Philly and getting the historical tour from my friend, Kimberly, I was hoping that Cosi could provide the pick-me-up I needed. Instead I was given a cappuccino that was made like a latte (there is a difference), was too hot and tasted like burnt milk with coffee grounds. It was horrible. It was enough to make Ben Franklin turn in his grave, and I'm reasonably sure he was a tea drinker.
After trying desperately to nurse the cup for caffeine sustenance I had to finally give up, cut my losses and put it out of it's misery.I'm surprised to see that this place received an average of 2 stars. This is the first time I ever walked into this chain and I thought I would give it a try. BTW, is it a philly thing that all foods must have their calories listed? It's a really nice deterrent to eating the foods I actually want!
I spent like 10 min at the cashier trying to decide on what I wanted given their large selection of items that sounded good. Pizzas, sandwiches, wraps, various tasty drinks.... I finally settled on the Tandoori chicken sandwich. um... DERICIOUS! The strawberry smoothie? DERICIOUS!
I didn't get the impression that the service was terrible, but maybe all the other Cosi's had outstanding service! They bring the food to your table and they quickly run out of space to sit during their lunch rush... so rush your booty over early.Bad service, SLOW service. 
The service is really slow. After you order, the cashier didn't say to us if someone is bringing us the food or not. So we go to the place where the food is being made. From my experience not all COSI have someone bringing you the food, especially if it is for breakfast. So we go to the area where the food is being made to wait for the food. We were told to have a seat and that someone will bring us our food. We wait for a long time and the food is coming very slowly. The place was not that busy when we went, there were only three people working - the cashier, a cook and someone that looked like the manager. So obviously the manager would be responsible for running the food. There were 8 of us and each of us easily waited 10-15 minutes for our simple breakfast sandwich and oatmeal. The person that looked like the manager was chatting with a couple of customers for more than 5 minutes, while several of us were still waiting for food. Other patrons were growing impatient too. 
They need to get their act together. The bathroom was dirty.Do not waste your money nor appetite at this Cosi!!  Usually, I go to the Cosi near my work in the suburbs, and it's had great food.  My boyfriend and I had eaten at this one (4th & Chestnut) a few months ago and vaguely remembered the food we were served left a bad taste in our mouths, literally and figuratively speaking.  But we decided to give it another chance in case it was a one-time mistake.  This time, I ordered the Adobo Chicken with Avocado Bowl.  The rice was dry and stale, the vegetables looked like they had been sitting out for quite some time- all shriveled up, the avocados were runny, and the bread on the side was hard as a rock!!  My boyfriend's salad and bread were just as unappetizing.  We left after only eating a small portion of our meal.  I have never once written a review on this or any site before, but after losing our money and appetite while eating there, then getting SICK afterward, we thought we should warn others before tourist season is in full swing.  DO NOT GO HERE!This Cosi is the worst around.  The service and the quality of food has gone down tremendously.  I am not sure what has gone wrong.  The bread is so hard you can make a whole in the wall. The salads, including my favorite "signature" salad is horrible. They use old lettuce and the meats were terrible too. I am not sure if I will return after this last fiasco.  Oh and btw, the staff is very rude as well.  I guess they don't realize who pays their salarys... One lost customer.Have been here twice and both times they didn't get my order right. After making my sandwich they immediately wrapped it without asking if I wanted to eat it here. I suppose he assumed since I was alone and younger looking that I can't eat somewhere by myself. When I got to the register I asked for a plate to eat it here and she was completely confused and said they don't have plates??? Guess I'll just eat it out of the tin foil then. I usually love cosi but this one is extremely disappointing.I'm pretty sure most people know what they are getting into when they head to Cosi.  Nothing wrong with a quick meal on the go here.
If I am trying to save some cash and I'm on my way to the nail salon, I stop here and get a sandwich.  I like that they have the calories listed on the menu and I like the combo option (1/2 salad and 1/2 sandwich).  
Decent alternative to regular fast food.  I like the Cosi Club and I seem to be addicted to the Diet Lemonade.Cosi, you're in for it. I'm not wondering anymore why the one in Headhouse Square closed. 
I hadn't been to Cosi in a while (probably a year), and was feeling indecisive at lunch, and also wanted to use my debit card for a sandwich or pizza in Old City. (Why do most of the sandwich places not take cards?? Not convenient!) There wasn't a huge line, so I thought I'd try it. Everyone behind the counter moved like they were in a rush, so no wonder my order got lost in the shuffle. This, along with the confused style of order (where do I wait?), pay, wait. Did they already shout my sandwich? Did someone else grab it? Anyone? So I wait, and when others ordering after me get theirs, I repeat my order and wait some more. The lack of actual eye contact from the cashiers and other food preppers makes me realize this happens all the time. As my tummy growls, I get more and more impatient, until I am so hungry that I'm ready to hurt someone. I eat the chips they automatically placed in my bag (though I didn't get to choose, like the menu said, between carrots and chips!), finally get my sandwich, as a guy in front of me dives out of the way, and storm out. So much for second chances! Next!Good food, quick service.  Great find.  Did the taste two offer.  $25 for 2 meals with plenty of food!!  Definitely will visit again when in the area. Walking distance from all the old city attractions.HORRIBLE service! Just awful! 
Food tasted stale and not flavorful at all.
I've been to Cosis before, and none were as awful as this one.Wow, normally I wouldn't write such a scathing review after one visit but the service was so bad that I'm still in awe of what happened. 
I'm certain that an explanation for the terrible service is that the cashier wasn't properly trained. However, this is not an excuse and it is his employer's responsibility to train him prior to setting him loose on customers. 
What happened: I ordered an iced cafe au lait. After taking the order the cashier/barista asked again about what type of milk I wanted. He then handed it to me and after one drink I realized that he didn't put any coffee in the cup at all. Seriously, he handed me a cup of iced milk! Then he asked me what my friend had ordered (he had just gone to the restroom) and I had to say that I had no idea. He had just taken our order 1 minute prior! 
On top of the terrible service by an employee that appeared to have absolutely no training, the coffee tasted old and burnt and they didn't have simple syrup for our iced drinks.Amazing service. Staff was very friendly and went out of their way to make sure we had everything. Food was pretty good overall. Great place for a quick and satisfying bite to eat with a good variety of foods. Healthy options available.I'll be the first to admit that above all else, I have to give this place a decent review for sentimental reasons. This was one of the first date places that I went to with my girlfriend in high school and ever since then it brings back good memories (awww, how sweet!). The food is alright, nothing extremely fancy or out of this world, but it is serviceable. However, one pretty cool novelty is the S'mores. Now, it isn't exactly like you are surrounded by pine trees sitting in front of a giant bonfire, but roasting marshmallows and then squeezing them between some chocolate and graham crackers in the city is still pretty neat. For a real sugar shock, try the S'mores with one of the Double Oh drinks, you'll be on a sugar bender for hours. In the end, a fine place to go to, but like I said, I have to hold this place close to my heart regardless of anything else.this is probably one of my favorite Cosi locations. Today a friend and I stopped for coffee before the movie at the Ritz and she said her espresso macchiato was perfect. She asked for extra foam and I felt the cup it was lite. I have been to this location several times since I've lived in Philly and food, coffee and service has been good! I will miss Cosi when I move away from Philly. I don't think Portland ME has Cosi..... You can get food/a coffee and in daytime they don't hassle you.....My husband and I went to grab dinner here because it was right by the hotel we were staying at.  I actually love Cosi and eat at one by my office in New Jersey frequently.  So I was quite disappointed and appalled with the way the manager was handling the food.  He was helping bag all the food and call out numbers, then he would step behind the counter to help make food without putting on gloves.  I watched him wipe his sweat numerous times, then wipe his hands on his pants, then go and touch all the pieces of bread to make pizza.  Then he would step back on the other side as he continued to bag and bring food to tables.  I could not believe he did not wash his hands once or attempt to put on gloves.
Before we left, my husband decided to say something and he actually had the nerve to say that he did not touch the food.  I was sitting there watching him for at least 15 minutes...  He apologized and said it was busy and he needed to help the employees.  He did not offer to remake our food and offered no other explanation.  
I cannot believe they have someone like that managing a place.  He has his employees wearing gloves but yet he does not wear it himself as he goes around touching all the food.  I will def never go back to this Cosi.I was there the other day and ordered one of the Margherita pizzas.  I work around the corner. The pizza was cold and soggy.  The bread was stale.  I was annoyed.  The salad was okay.  I would have brought it back if it were  not for the fact that I had to work.Dear Cosi People a cappuccino has an equal measure of creamy foam on top of steamed milk and espresso.  What you offered me had foam only a cup, full to the brim with a lukewarm mixture of milk and coffee.  eew!
Others have commented on what is incredibly bad service.  I really don't think employees at this location have received training.  It is obvious from reading other comments the owner should work the site and get a more organized service routine in place then teach your employees to offer quality service.  Your employees will thank you as well as your customers.Not as good as the one I used to go to in Chicago, but still a decent, healthier option for a quick lunchThis is the first review I have ever written. I must share the absurdity I just experienced at a restaurant that I have regularly frequented for the last 15 years. I ordered the "Signature Salad" which is standard for me. My husband picked it up, brought it home and when we opened the bag, we found the salad - one-third the size of the usual portion. I called the store and was told, "Yes, now we're making the salad the RIGHT WAY!"  For 15 years it's been made the WRONG way consistently?!?!?  "Now we're weighing the lettuce," they added. Needless to say, Cosi has lost a customer!!  Zero stars!  (By the way, the price was not cut, but the portion size sure was!)The Tbm on a croissant was excellent and fresh. Not enough ice and staff not real friendlyListen. It is a quick spot for a micro meal of eggs and a square bagel.  Paid $24 for a fam of four compared to $20 a meal at the nearby breakfast joints in the hotel.I have an odd time for a lunch break so no one is ever in there when I go...sooo how it is that I am ALWAYS WAITING IN LINE WHEN THERE IS NO LINE!? The children behind the counter are always trying to look busy or playing on their phones so they don't have to be the one to take the order. Fnally someone will come up... "Are you being helped?" DUH!! After I finally order, I wait and wait, I see my ticket hanging up..then I wait some more...this last time, the manager smoked a FULL CIGARETTE, came back in & saw my ticket still hadn't even been touched yet... he asked his staff what I was waiting for still? He made my salad himself while the brat behind the counter tells him she didn't see it... After being late from break about 3 times and especially this last time, I will not return. Not even for a simple cup of tea.  This location needs to get it together.Got an "A-OK" regular coffee for $2.02 and had exact change, which is probably making me feel more positive about my experience.  Pretty much what you'd expect from a trendy chain coffee joint as far as coffee and environment is concerned with the smooth jazz playing in the background.  They one up starbucks by offering free internet.  However, my knock against their Internet is that they've locked down their wireless so I couldn't RDP into my clients or connect to my virtual desktop for work, which rendered the whole point of my 3-block commute pointless.  But the fact that you can get into normal websites and check your email will suffice for most normal humans.  And now I'm sounding like a complete geek (I'm not, I swear, just ask my friends on WOW), so I'm going to stop.I'm not sure why all the yelpers are so pissed.
We stopped through while walking to the liberty bell and ordered three delicious breakfast sandwiches.  They were all on very good bagels.
My boys got mango orange smoothies which they said were excellent.
The service was just fine.  I guess you can't win em all??this is an awesome place. They make fresh bread in a kilm and the employees are so nice. I went there and had a really tasty breakfast sandwich. I would definitely go back anytime, and I'm excited to try their other food!I'm a sucker for a good salad and chai tea. At Cosi I love the Signature and Shanghai Chicken salads. But at this location, I'm lucky if I can get one in less than an hour. 
I have given this Cosi a few chances and the last time I was given water and then ignored by my server for over 20 minutes. It wasn't even busy either, there were only a few other tables with people at them. I have had the worst service here than any other location.Never saw someone so disrespectful with a client. 
Rolling the eyes when I was ordering and so slow to take an order. 
The cashier was great but the person taking the order was terrible.While I've had, for the most part, good experiences at Cosi, my experience at this location left a whole lot to be desired.  I'm involved in a once-a-month shadow cast screening of the Rocky Horror Picture Show that takes place at the Ritz at the Bourse down the street from this Cosi.  We had just finished a video shoot for an upcoming show and wanted to grab some dinner before our performance, since we had just over an hour to spare beforehand.  Unfortunately, they ran out of bread so they couldn't make any sandwiches, and while the manager announced they could only do salads and rice bowls until closing time, he did nothing else to rectify the bread situation (or counsel the distraught counter guy who was panicking over the lack of bread) most of us were pretty disappointed.  In addition, one of my castmates overheard an employee collectively call our group "freaks," because some of us were in full costume and makeup.  The only thing to lighten the mood was a group of high school girls who were in town for a Lacrosse tournament who saw us and started singing the "Time Warp," since their school's theater department had put on the show.      Regardless, we will NOT be returning to this Cosi.I have no idea why Cosi only has two stars. I had a lay over here in Philly and this was fairly close to the sights making it very convenient. The only reason that I took away a star was that I was unable to get a bagel as it was too late in the afternoon. I feel as though bagels are an all day type of food. Instead I got tomato basil soup and some raspberry lemonade. I also nibbled on pieces of my brother's margarita pizza. Oh man were they good! I am incredibly picky about my tomato soup (it is my favorite food and eat it quite often) and I would certainly recommend it! The pizza was delicious as well. Very impressed!!!Nice low-key restaurant. The staff is friendly, prices are low and the food is good for the price-range. I had the hot turkey & brie sandwich with carrots. Nice place to sit and relax a little bit without feeling super crowded or loud like other nearby restaurants.I love Cosi, but this location is terrible.   Every time I go to this location I end up waiting a long time for food that doesn't taste very good.We were staying at a nearby hotel and wanted something casual for breakfast. This was the perfect spot, reasonable prices, good food and great service.I have been to many Cosis and it is a restaurant I really enjoy. I've really never had an issue before, but this Cosi was the exception.
I work right around the corner so I went there today for the first time for a quick bite. I entered the store and was greeted by a sign that said Salads to the right, Sandwiches to the left. I was confused because at every other Cosi I've been to you just order at the register and they bring the food to the table. I was also ordering a Taste two (half salad+half sandwich) so I wasn't sure which line to get in. I decided on the salad line because it seemed like the logical progression of the line to the register. 
I get to the front of the line and the guy asks me what I want. I told him I wanted the taste two with a Signature Salad and a Pork Belly Bahn Mi sandwich. Without looking at me he asks "White or wheat"? I had no idea he was talking to me and I could hardly hear because it was loud. When I didn't answer he yelled at me and was extremely rude. When I told him what I wanted he went over to the sandwich people and told them my sandwich order. He then told me to slide down to the other side and wait for my sandwich.
I noticed that everyone else in line got an order slip to bring up to the register. I got nothing, but I assumed the sandwich people would give me one when they were finished making other people's orders. I was standing there waiting while three more people ordered and received their sandwiches and eventually I thought there was no way it was taking them that long to make my order. After standing there for about 7 minutes I asked the lady if someone was making mine and she said the guy in the back was. Well I noticed he was making a full sized sandwich and I ordered a half size. I notified her of this, and she asked me if I ever got an order slip. I said no. She wrote one up for me and told me I could go pay at the register and they would bring me my sandwich. 
I figured they would just give me the whole sandwich that they had already made to make up for the fact that I had been waiting for so long (which they never really acknowledged even though I was waiting directly in front of the counter AND the manager walked past several times). They gave me a half sandwich anyway. What did they do? Cut the sandwich in half and throw out the rest? Make a whole new sandwich? They never even asked if my order was for there or to go. I wanted to eat in house but they wrapped everything up and didn't give me a tray.
When I finally sat down, I opened my salad and it was pretty lacking. Whenever I've eaten at cosi the salad is usually very sizable with the lettuce piled above the rim of the bowl. Since they had given me a lid (because they never asked if I was eating there or to go) there was hardly any lettuce, and what was there was absolutely DRENCHED in dressing. I'm talking, when I was finished eating, there was at least a centimeter of dressing remaining at the bottom of the bowl. They also gave me white bread when I had ordered wheat.
I gave it two stars because, besides the bread being wrong, my Sandwich was ok. I had never had that particular sandwich from Cosi before so I have nothing to compare it to, but for what its worth I liked it. I'll be fair.
This is the first Cosi I have been to for a few months, so I have no idea if Cosi just changed their ordering layout or if this particular location is one of the only ones that does it this way. It was completely unorganized and prone to error. I will not be returning to this Cosi location which is a shame, because it is the closest one to my work and I really do enjoy Cosi's food. Oh well, I'd rather enjoy the diverse cultural cuisine of Philadelphia anyway.I'm not usually a big chain restaurant kinda gal, but this Cosi is attached to my office building, and sometimes, when it's raining (like today), and I don't feel like wandering through Old City, I stop here.
This is certainly not the best Cosi in the city -- but I maintain that it's not THAT bad either. I've gotten bagels (err, squagels) here pretty frequently -- and they're pretty tasty and cheap (esp. the Asiago cheese bagel...mmm). No complaints really, except for the bagel man always hits on me (/any chick with two legs and a butt), which makes me sorta uncomfortable.
During lunch and dinner, things can get pretty hectic, and service is generally pretty poor. I came here once for dinner, and watched the waitress stumble and bumble her way through the cheese list (my friend wanted to change the cheese on her salad -- you would think she was asking the waitress to compute nuclear physics!)  Apparently, they have a cheese called Gor-GON-zola. And ricutty. And brye.
The food though actually isn't half bad though -- if you don't mind waiting for excessive periods of time. And the staff is sort of terrible, but in a humorous way.  At least, that's how I try to look at it...Walked in to get a coffee and no one was at the coffee counter, but the food counter had 5 people. Asked the food guy to make a mocha and he just points that I continue to wait for No ONE to help me. This place fails at customer serviceAnother Enthusiastic 1 Star.  Horrible Horrible Operations at this location!!  
Please Cosi Management - send someone who knows what they are doing to set some standards at this location!!
Sampling of various visits over the last 4 months.  
1.  As other reviewers commented, there are 2 lines, one for sandwiches and the other for salads.  The lines are "loose" - you can usually order from either line - the people behind the counter don't seem to care.  Nor do they care if someone walks up ahead of you and orders, they don't really notice who is in line.  There is no semblance of order.  
2.  The menu clearly states a price for Half Salad and Full Salad.  I tried to order a half salad and the person making my salad (who has worked there as long as I have been going there - 4 months) told me I can only get a half salad if I get a Half and Half option (half soup/salad/sandwich).  Well, that is not what the menu says, but nevertheless I ordered a full salad.  At the cashier I asked if it was possible to order a half salad as stated on the menu board.  She said, hmm, I'm not sure, and looked at the cash register.  Then she said, yes, because it is on the register, I guess you can.  
3.  The menu clearly states that you can substitute any meat with Grilled Tofu.  My friend ordered a salad and asked to substitute the chicken for tofu.  They salad guy said "what?  Oh no, we don't have any of that."  My friend pointed out what it says on the menu and he frantically ran around shouting "Do we have tofu, do we have tofu?"  Nobody else knew what he was talking about so he came back and said "no we don't have tofu."  My friend again pointed out that the menu says they have it and he again asked a couple of people and said "no sorry, I don't know why the menu says that." The woman at the cash register confirmed that they do have tofu.
4.  Cosi Card - they have a Cosi card which you can get if you ask for it.  I asked the cashier for it one day after my transaction and he gave me one.  I asked why he didn't ask if I had a card before my purchase and he said "oh, we aren't trained to ask before a purchase."  Dumb.  Dumb.  Also, why can't I use my phone # when I come back to get credit for my purchase.  Why do I physically have to carry my card around instead of being able to give my phone number like most rewards programs?
5.  Tables dirty - usually
6.  Agree with another review - they will have a guy rolling out bread when there are 10 people in line.  Shouldn't that be done during downtime?
7.  They people behind the counter don't look up.  They'll stand there with a line of people seemingly not noticing that people are waiting to order.
I could go on.  Unfortunately, we moved into the Bourse Building across from Cosi 4 months ago and Cosi is the closest place where I can get a decent salad so I and my co-workers go there more than we would like.  The food inside the Bourse Building is pretty bad.  
The food at Cosi is generally good, I just really wish they would get their act together Operationally.  It is a total joke the way this place is run.  Clown shoes.i like most of their sandwiches and the pizzas.  the Mac n cheese is gross.  It tastes like it came from a bag.  Service is a bit slow here, but the space is nice.Cosi is a great place in Old City, Philadelphia that specializes in soups, sandwiches, and salads while you wait.  You can customize each item and watch as they prepare it with fresh ingredients.  
I was fifth in line for a custom sandwich and had my food in hand five minutes later.  
This place is clean, food is of good quality, staff prepare each item quickly but with good care to make it right.   I would recommend this place if you don't have a ton of time and would like very good food on the go.   Note, there are plenty of tables if you have time to eat in.This Cosi, located at 325 Chestnut St, Phil, PA, was HORRIBLE.
Every single table top was dirty.  The floor was filthy--food pieces all over and tile hasn't been cleaned for weeks.  Bathroom "out of order" at our noontime visit (7/14/2018).  Trashcan overflowing onto floor.  Order wasn't completed until we asked a second time.  Food prep was sloppy and sandwiches poorly done.  We'd have left, except made the mistake of paying first.  AVOID this place.  
R & J THere right now. Woman who served us clearly hates her job. I ordered Thai Chicken Curry, and it was disgusting. I stopped eating it right away. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. We stopped here because it was right infront of our parking garage.Came in because my son was still hungry....we got s'mores for both kids, they got to roast the marshmallows on a whole system they had set up!!! Amazing for a chain to offer something like this....The place was dirty and seating is beat up. Time for an remodel. Food was overpriced and not very hot. Now I know why so few people were in there on one of the busiest time of day.Tried going here tonight at 8pm.  The staff watched me walk in and continued to talk amongst themselves.  Twice a young man looked over at me standing at the register.  I smiled, waited for some kind of acknowledgement, and left when they completely ignored me.  I thought maybe it was a passive aggressive way to tell me they were closed (despite the other customers seated inside and the wide open doors).  Alas, they are supposed to be open until 10pm on Thursdays.  Sorry lads, not that hard up for a lemonade.  If you can bypass this Cosi, you should.I'm glad I don't work right near this Cosi because I would rather not go back. Coworkers and I experienced food poisoning from salads and pizza. If you have some constipation issues, just eat here--you'll have diarrhea for days.
Eventually I limited my Cosi visits to afternoon coffee runs. The staff has gotten progressively friendlier (after providing feedback) and I enjoyed conversations with the afternoon staff when I went in for coffee. Pizza dough is kind of addictive. Coffee is inconsistent--if you have time, run to Starbucks instead or get tea next door at Mrs. K's.
They once used e-mail addresses obtained from business cards for a spammy, non-blinded distribution list and one of my coworkers could have gotten in trouble. She complained and they comped a free lunch to our office. 
I used to eat here after work, but one night I met a friend here and we had a horrible experience. Waitress forgot everything. Maybe she was high or new or just forgetful, but it was beyond inexcusable. Had a repeat experience with a different server and will never go back again.
I don't usually give one star reviews, but I gave this place 5+ chances to correct and they blew it.
Everyone will also charge you different prices for the same drink. They're often 'out of' drinks listed on the menu, too.Stopped here to grab lunch quick on the walk home with my husband yesterday. Cosi has never been by any means "gourmet" but you could get a decent lunch for not tons of money. Until now. 
First of all, when we walked in 2 people were waiting for their food and one was in front of us in line. The person making the sandwiches did not see any need to pick up the pace. She couldn't have been slower if she was moving backwards. Then there's another employee restocking the sandwich area. Now I know that's your job but when you see now 6 people that have accumulated in line, can't you help? 
So we finally get to order just before we were about to walk out in frustration. The main complaint about the actual food is my husband didn't even get a tray for his sandwich. Not to mention, it no longer comes with choice of chips or carrots. So you pay $6.99 for a sandwich that was barely full, and had nothing special about it (essentially a turkey sandwich). It's a total ripoff. I won't go back.OMG this place has gotten so bad.  They recently eliminated the in-house baked squagel and now they serve STALE bagels they purchase from a 3rd party.  I could barely chew what they served as a sesame bagel.   
Bad and getting worse.  Do not eat here!Despite how gross this restaurant is, we'd been coming here for years (mostly to get a snack before going to see a movie at the Ritz).  In any case, I have always hated this Cosi because it just seems so unsanitary.  For one thing, it smelled like mildew for at least a couple years.  For another, the "hallway" to the bathroom is creepy and the bathroom isn't clean.
The last time I went to this Cosi, we actually had an hour to kill before our movie, so we ate in.  We ordered the spinach/artichoke dip appetizer and we each had a sandwich/soup special.  After dinner, we saw a movie and got home around 11.  At midnight, my husband started throwing up.  He had severe food poisoning (vomiting and diarrhea) for hours and I took him to the ER.
Around 7am, I called the Cosi to let them know that my hubby had gotten food poisoning, probably from their food, but the manager I spoke with was rude and huffy.  He told me there was "no way" that my husband could have gotten food poisoning from eating something the night before and that the restaurant was not responsible.  I responded that I wasn't calling to blame them, but to warn them so that no one else gets sick.  The manager didn't even say he hoped my husband was okay; he expressed no concern for our situation.
In any case, the doctor at the ER told us that my husband had staph poisoning, which can take as little as an hour or two to get in the system.  He confirmed that it was probably the Cosi food that had caused the food poisoning.  After I took hubby home, I called the Cosi multiple times but they never answered (despite that I called throughout the day while they were open...).
This place is dirty and unsanitary.We ate here for a quick breakfast on our way to play tourist - our hotel was on the next corner. We were not disappointed. I had the tbm squagel. FYI - tbm = tomato, basil, mozarella. Squagel = a square bagel. The breakfast sandwich was awesome! I would definitely have this again (and I might..tomorrow!). The staff was friendly, and the prices were good. My breakfast sandwich and a large green tea were just over $5. My only complaints:  1) Our table was wobbly, which isn't fun when you have hot beverages on the table, and 2) my tea was so hot, I had to wait until I was almost done eating my sandwich to drink it. The food was five stars!Not much more to say here. Food was edible, but atmosphere was not great and staff was nice, but a bit unprofessional. Clearly, we're not the only people with this perspective and hopefully Cosi will start checking Yelp and get passionate about winning over raving fans.Horrible! Too expensive for what you get   A dirty place and the staff was rude.Wow everybody is throwing this Cosi under the bus. Today  I had a juice to go (Sangria that needed quite a bit of sugar) I hope I'll be alright! I'd been here before and ordered some kind of panini and it was alright. My experience wasn't as bad as some of the other horrors. The only bad thing was that some cougar in there kept eyeing me... not the good kind either. Oh and I gave my chips to a bum. We high fived without actually making physical contact.
Otherwise, there were far too many kids in there. I understand it's a tourist district, but a line should be drawn somewhere. The kids were jumping on the couches. All this will come to an end in the fall but still....Breakfast On-the-Run Review.
Not sure what the original Yelper, Ms. L.M., experienced, but my experience here was fine.
Staying across the street at the Omni, so I figured I'd run across and grab a bite to eat, instead of waiting to get McDs on the way to work.
I ordered a Baked Omelette Sandwich (which include 2 items + the eggs -- $0.50 for each additional topping). I got ham, bacon, and red peppers. They toasted it on their own bagel (they have a few selections -- I got the whole grain)... $3.19 before tax. Got their strawberry lemonade because i was mad dehydrated... and I already had coffee in my room while I was ironing my pants.
Good breakfast sandwich, good lemonade. Service - as expected... nothing bad, nothing good. Got the job done.
Pretty sure I'll come here at least 2 more times this week.let me start by saying that i LOVE cosi.  just NOT this location. 
i was under the assumption that Cosi does table service in the evenings (perhaps they don't any more??) but about a month or so ago, my friends and i went there for "dinner".  Needless to say, we were standing around looking at the menu on the wall and deciding what we wanted.  The girl behind the register seemed like it was her first day ( i doubt it was) and was acting like everything we ordered was causing her physical pain.  i decided to treat my friends, and told her to add whatever they wanted onto my tab and then i would give her my card.  she seemed confused- i thought it was pretty self explanatory.  once we were finally done ordering, we had only 1 receipt with only a few items on it... no clue why. 
and then someone brought the food to our table. but it was only my items.  which i had asked for a melt - it came as a cold sandwich.  no problem, things happen, so i took it to the window and said " i asked for a melt, and i got this, can i have this as a melt?" they looked back at me and said, no that's what you ordered, it says so on the ticket- not seeming to understand that just because that what the ticket said, doesn't mean that's what i wanted. it just means the cashier didn't hear me, or rang it up wrong.  i asked them please don't re-make it just heat up my sandwich please, as that's how i like it.  they made some faces but eventually did what i asked.  ummmm customer service??
my friends got all their food after me, all the food came at random times- no correlation between bringing salads after sandwiches, or soup, or anything. they just brought things whenever.  and when the person came to bring the rest of the food, she was asking if the number on our receipt matched with her number, but we didn't have a receipt, there weren't that many people in the store, and clearly the food was ours.   
i do remember a napkin shortage, and there was probably something we had to wait extra long for. we thought of it as comical and just enjoyed the food (which tasted fine).  We also asked for containers to take stuff to go and the girl said she would bring them over, but forgot and then we had to ask again, which she finally did after like 30 mins.   
go to any other location besides this one!!!This Cosi has, by far, the most disgusting bathrooms I have ever seen in my life. I've been to dive bars with cleaner bathrooms. It looked and smelled like they hadn't been cleaned in a month. If they can't keep their restrooms clean, I don't even want to see what the kitchens look like.Hands down, the worst service I have ever in my life received, maybe anywhere, restaurant or not.
The food was only slightly better.
Mind you, I really have no complaints about the two Cosi's in the business district of town, but this one is just awful.First off, Cosi should thank Yelp for not allowing us Yelpers to give ZERO stars and Maria L for really liking her Mint Mocha.
Yes I realize that reviewing Cosi is akin to reviewing a McDonald's but this particular Cosi has achieved a new level of suck.
This place is embarrassingly bad. The food is generic, stale, and bland. But that's not why I'm reviewing this place.
Cosi gets the dreaded 1 Star for the staff. Never in my nearly 28 years as a consumer (or human being for that matter) have I witnessed such intentional cacophony. There were not one, not two, but seven people working behind the bar. Moreover, I was one of two customers in the entire monolith of a store. Instead of taking my simple order of a medium coffee and a toasted "squagel" (yes, that's right, Cosi doesn't sell bagels, they sell an edgy, hip, in-your-face alternative that's...well...a bagel but square), the staff flirted with one another, engaged in witty banter with one another, and eventually complained aloud that they had to take my order.
The woman (one of half a dozen) behind the counter finally prepared my coffee only to give it to someone else...that's right, she gave it to the only other person in the store. When I stood there looking confused and irate, she asked if anything was wrong. I explained that I still hadn't received my coffee, to which she insisted that I did. Upon finally realizing her error, she explained that it was the other customer's fault for taking the cup of joe she handed to him.
So, at this point, I'm half-way there. I'm still waiting for the fucking squagel, which if it was really being toasted this entire time, would have caught fire.
The pock-marked mallrat behind the squageltorium stared me down for about two minutes before realizing he owed me one carb-filled rhombus.
"Why sir, would you care for some butter, cream cheese, or preserves?" This question was unsurprisingly absent as the pre-teen squagler proceeded to cut my all ready cut bagel into an origami-like series of triangles before stuffing it into a sheet of tin foil.
Thanks, Cosi, for ruining my Hanukkah season.This location has the typical Cosi food that we all know (flatbread sandwiches, salads, and flatbread pizza, all around $8). It's a good lunch spot when you need to grab a quick, inexpensive bite and it is very convenient to all of the tourist attractions in Old City. The service is reasonably friendly and not rushed at all. There is plenty of seating inside as well.
Unfortunately the layout is more than a little awkward. The lunch line is divided into two areas, one for salads/pizza and another for sandwiches, and customers are taken one at a time. There is not a good flow to the cashier, which is on the other side of a large pillar, making the line to get to the cashier fairly confusing.I have been going to Cosi for years.  Never before have I experienced such terrible service!
I ordered a breakfast sandwich straight off the menu.  The server asked me to repeat it FOUR TIMES!  The fourth time, I read the description to her, rather than giving her the name of it again.  
One of the key ingredients in this sandwich is tomato.  When I got the sandwich, there was no tomato to be found.  Anywhere.  The everything bagel that was used to make the sandwich had more salt than a pretzel at the county fair.
While waiting for my sandwich, I tried to pay the cashier.  She was more interested in her mobile phone than in ringing me up.  When her phone stopped being interesting (did she hit the next level on her Farmville or Bejeweled game?), she finally rang me up.  The total seemed really high for my little breakfast sandwich, so I inquired.  She charged me for several things that I DID NOT ORDER because she couldn't find the right button on the cash register!!!   Perhaps she should have put her mobile phone away on training day.
This may be the last time I go to Cosi.  So sad.Love the location, in the old part of Philly.  Was there late one night and the staff was very friendly and they gave us some of the food for free instead of throwing it away.  The atmosphere was very relaxing as well.Great spot for a quick bite. Staff was very friendly. Location was right in the heart of tourists sites.Great food. Even better service. GM, Cory, went out of his way to make us feel welcome. Service is important to me! Especially as a tourist.This place is okay. I'm not impressed. The sandwich I had was the turkey and Brie. They put so much honey mustard on it and it became too much. Halfway through my sandwich I found a hair in it. That was freakin nasty. The cashier was nice when she rang up the food. I'm really grossed out and I don't want to come back here.They didn't have the dressing listed for a salad on the menu. The guy making my salad was nice, but he doesn't know what balsamic vinaigrette is. He just drowned my salad in straight vinegar. The cashier was a speed talking mumbler, and honestly purely uncaring about friendliness. The chicken melt sandwich was Luke warm and simply mediocre. This place is all marketing imagery, no great quality here. The bread is bland. I'll spend $0 with them in the future.EVERY TIME I GO HERE I GET THE WORST SERVICE AND THE WORST COFFEE.
Was there two weeks ago. Horrible service, horrible coffee, slow personnel, and the list can go on and on. I was told by one of the cashiers that he could not really take me because he had to close his register, and that was after I had been standing there for a minute or two waiting for him to actually pay attention to me. Who closes a register at 11:00 am on Sunday, may i ask? it is not like the place is open 24/7.The hummus and veggie sandwich is delicious!  But the staff is not very attentive.  They could do with a better ordering system too.The atmosphere is a bit odd... it feels dirty and it wasn't great service or food. I was disappointed. I was hoping this would be better, but it was good. I won't be back.I don't know Philadelphia well, but when I am here on business this Cosi is a welcome sight. 
The staff is friendly and the food is the usual Cost fare. The restaurant is very clean. 
If you are a stranger in a strange land, Cosi will provide you with a decent meal.So, when you are starving, it's raining out and don't want to deal with a formal sit-down dining experience, then this is it for you. My family and I were absolutely famished and did not want to spend a ton of money on mediocre food for lunch. We wanted a casual cafe, where you order at the counter and they bring you your food. This was exactly that. Definitely no frills here. We ordered soup, flat bread pizza and a sandwich. Since it was raining out and I was wet and cold from that mess, it felt great to slurp some hot soup. I wasn't thoroughly impressed with the flatbread, nor was I crazy about the sandwich. The staff was nice and our order came out in a timely manner. There was also some pretty cozy seating inside where we were able to relax our bones for awhile before we trekked back out in the cold, wet weather. So, if you are looking for casual eats that doesn't break the bank for a quick lunch, you'll be well fed here.I cannot believe this was the same cosi's I was at six months ago.. Today my daughter flew in from nyc.. her flight to Italy had a layover there... 5 family member and I met with her there, since I said this place was great.. Well.. this was today.. I was SO embarrassed we paid close to 60 for a salad a large pizza and a sandwich and 5 waters. .   The food is tasty but the girl that brought the pizza to us.. dropped part of the pizza yet still served the remainder to us.. she said sorry.. I dropped some. I said that was ok, just bring us some more. Even though we were pressed for time bc of my daughters next flight... she said well. then I would have to make a new pizza .. I said ok.. she said no I can't DO that!!! omg.. I was shocked... the place was also dirty.. I cannot believe she did not fix her mistake.. we let it go.. and left hungry.  Never again will I recommend this place to anyone.. even though I love the food... who is training these people .. where are their manners.. you Don't serve people a partial meal they paid for!It's really hard for me to give a spot a 1 star rating, I reserve that for a truly awful experience. Cosi was bad. 
I was on my way to see a movie at the Ritz Bourse (a very entertaining movie called "Kill The Irishman") and I was early so I walked across the street to Cosi for a quick bite. Well it wasn't quick and I miss a couple of minutes of the flick. 
There was only I guy in line, but I still had to wait 10 minutes to order my meal. I chose the Buffalo Bleu sandwich, a bowl of Tomato Basil Soup and a cup of Coffee. It took awhile to order because the cashier was busy doing everything else but taking orders. She repeated "I'll be with you in a moment 3 times. They give you a numbered place card that you have to display on a wired cardholder so one of the server can locate your table. 
The restaurant wasn't crowded at all (hint, hint) and I could of sat anywhere, I was going to sit in one of those odd shaped booths, but they looked dirtier that the backseat of a Bronx Taxicab on a Saturday midnight run, so I sat in one of the small table for two feeling like I was sitting at a third grader sized school desk & chair. 
The food came and it was so bland-how can you call something Buffalo Chicken with absolutely zero spice? And the bread was some fake rustic, gummy square that was totally tasteless. The soup was OK and the coffee was average at best. And to top it off, I really had to go to the bathroom and my teeth were floating, but the way to the men's room was like a freakin maze! I counted 5 turns till you reach the toilet, bloody hell!!Cosis is acceptably average in every single way possible. This may seem like a bad thing, but I consider it a perk. It's a good "old reliable". You want coffee, a sandwich, somewhere everyone can feel at home? Cosis is that place. You can consider it akin to Panera in many aspects, though with more of a focus on coffee.
I've been going to the various Cosis in Philly since 2001 (back when they were X and O) and they've always been a great late night stop. This and 12th and Walnut are my old usual haunts. Way back in the day, we used to host art jams late into the night when I was at the Art Institute of Phila. Always a warm cup, always reliable. And it's one of the few places that's open late and offers a great variety.
Frankly, if there's any one item on the menu that dominates: the Double Oh! The Double Oh is like a magnificent, godlike mixture of milkshake and Oreo, intertwined in a sweet drink that makes any day instantly better. There's one downside to the Double O, and that... is calories. It has them. All of them. It is not a drink that's forgiving to the waistline in any kind regard. Although, if you want to make it *REALLY* amazing take the Double Oh and go with a Double Oh! Arctic. It's mindblowing.Grab a square bagel for breakfast on the run to classes.  Sit down for their salads during lunch.  It's a popular chain in the northeast these days.I would like to think that my taste buds are more selective than chain food. I think, under ordinary circumstances, they are but Cosi provides more than your average chain. I always steered clear of this establishment until my friend offered me a bite of her turkey and brie sandwich with honey mustard dressing. I have always hated all forms of mustard (well, other than it's combination with other magical ingredients to create the filling for devilled eggs) so I was totally freaked out by the fact that I instantly loved this sandwich! Were my taste buds maturing? What was happening to me? I didn't even know myself anymore! My love affair with turkey and brie (which I kept a secret from most of my friends) lasted four days straight before I fell out of love with the honey mustard. They really slather it on there and when I get too much it's like sucking on a ball of wasabi... WHAM!... one of those frontal lobe headaches that is so excruciating. I was satisfied by my sudden distaste, convinced that I was back to myself, but I still craved the turkey and brie combination, which I later discovered is really highlighted by the honey mustard. I tried getting other dressings, but it wasn't the same. Finally I asked for just a LITTLE bit of honey mustard and they were happy to oblige (as they always are no matter how busy) and it was good, but my infatuation was gone. I have since switched to tuna with cheddar, toasted... absolutely amazing. In fact I am planning on getting one for lunch today!Long live the Veggie Muffaletta--to quote Cosi "Grilled eggplant, chopped green olives, banana peppers, green onions, olive oil, provolone, parmesan cheese & shredded romaine"  Sooooo good if you can keep control of the steady stream of olive oil pouring out one side.  I had it down by the time I ate my third one.  
I really like this place.  It is a chain but a good one that even offers S'mores kits!  Overall, a fun place.Although I hated my time in Philly, coming here was great. A lot of healthy foods and nice people.I just went here yesterday, Memorial Day, and I couldn't have asked for better food.  I've never had a bad experience here, so the negative reviews are foreign to me.
I had the chicken salad with the house dressing and, as always, the dressing was silky.  The coffee was tasty and the flat bread that came with the salad was mouth-watering.
Of course, I had to have a piece of my neighbor's Margherita pizza.  That is what you call pizza - real mozzarella cheese, fresh basil, and fresh tomatoes (none of that bottled garbage!).
Cosi is a little (not much) on the expensive side, but it's worth it.  The food is fresh, the service is always good, and no matter how many people are there, I always find seating.I don't know. When I first got to Philadelphia i was all about Cosi. I would even fight with friends about how wonderful Cosi was in comparison to Panera Bread. 2 years later, I'm sorta Take it or Leave it. As my pallet has become more sophisticated I have grown bored of the menu at Cosi. But it's not all that bad. Some of the good things are that they are open late, and change into a restaurant at night time with a wait staff. They have a liquor license, so you can get a grown up drink there ;) And they are consistent, with a menu that is approachable and not intimidating.While I prefer panera to cosi, this has been a convenient spot to meet up with my friends and there's something for everyone. Panini, salad, sandwich, soup. Can't complain. The occasional chatty bum walks in much to our dismay but given its location I can't say it's surprising, nor is it something the management can do much to fully prevent.Conveniently located to the Academy of Music. Pizza, Soup and Sandwiches which I had none. Just a stop over before a performance at the AOM. Had a weak Chai Tea but a great Cosi Break Bar. Salads and pizza look nice and service is pretty quick. Free Internet, small seating area and full coffee bar. No TV'sI believe this is part of a chain of these restaurants, I have never seen on in Boston though so I really wouldn't know for sure.  It is a really trendy and cool feeling environment.  The food was delicious, staff friendly and helpful, it wasn't too expensive and I enjoyed it.  Kind of reminded me of an Applebees type place with more culture, less noise, and much more unique.  The desserts are pretty interesting too.Cute place.  Not as cozy as I expected, though.  It was bright.  If you take a table, you must wait to be seated, as they have table service.  
We stopped in after dinner for coffee and dessert.  The coffee was good.  We had s'mores for dessert, which comes in a special tray complete with skewers and a firepot for roasting marshmallows.  Ask for extra marshmallows, and they'll happily oblige.
Good for all ages.  Near our table, a family of four enjoyed s'mores as well.
The ice blended coffees aren't bad.  MUCH better than those at a larger chain.Mmmm...I love their soup!  I stopped by here after a long day of walking around and playing tourist...in the rain.  It really hit the spot!  It's nice and cozy in here...there's a open-flame stone oven in this cafe.
Cosi reminds me of Pluto's since you can customize your own salads.  There's also a variety of sandwiches to choose from like Tandoori Chicken.  All sandwiches are made with a special flatbread that's super fresh.  You can grab pizza here too.  But Cosi also reminds me of Starbuck's/Noah's too since they serve coffee and fresh square shaped bagels.
There's something for everyone at Cosi!I've been to several Cosi locations and this is by far the worst.  There were three of us, and each had an issue with our order, even though it was not that busy.  I ordered the Turkey Bacon Cheddar Melt with no tomatoes (my usual), and got tomatoes.  It was also unusually tasteless and the spicy honey mustard was almost non-existant. My one friend ordered a flatbread pizza and got a half size.  My other friend ordered a sandwich with ranch dressing instead of blue cheese.  You guessed it -blue cheese.
To their credit, Cosi corrected my friends' orders quickly and at no charge (I just removed my tomatoes and continued on).  The other Cosi locations are much better in terms of promptness and attention to detail.Gone are the days when Cosi was an enjoyable cafe/sandwich place to frequent.  Their food quality and overall ambiance has gotten so manufactured, so unpleasant, and frankly so unappetizing that I avoid any reason to ever go here.  Their salad ingredients look like they're never refreshed throughout the day, their soups and salad dressings are extremely fattening, and their overall character just doesn't appeal to me anymore (it seemed so hip and unique in high school!). 
They live in this lovely location right off the Square, so sometimes it's the best option for an impromptu picnic in the park, but just make sure they go light on the salad dressing or else you'll end up consuming more calories than a Big Mac.
Despite my disappointment, I will admit the bread still has a special place in my heart (there's one star).  Second star acknowledges that when the office orders in, I'll never contest having a tomato/mozzarella or veggie muffaletta sandwich.  But then again, I rarely contest free food.I'm a big Cosi fan. I really like their salads and they give you pretty big portions for a low price. Convenient and fast with several locations around the city.Cosi is alright.  There's nothing spectacular to write home about and there's nothing to really complain about.
But, I want to take a moment to recommend this amazing grill cheese sandwich there.  It has multiple cheeses and is coated with an orange marmalade.  At first, I wasn't too sure about this, but it was a home run.  Now, I make my own grilled cheeses with orange marmalade.  Thanks for the idea Cosi!Food was decent quality but a very small portion for the price. It's wifi is decent speed and nice atmosphereThis place is LAME. Used to be good in the late 90s when there were only 1 or 2 locations, but now that it's a regional chain it's absolutely horrible. Bad service which is not only inattentive, but can even be rude at various locations. Dirty, unkempt space from the dining area to the kitchen and bathrooms. Food prices are steep for what you get + atmosphere is quite generic. Drinks + food - generic offerings + of mediocre quality. Really disappointing. Skip it.I'm not trying to be all "back in myyyyy day," but considering that this place was one of my favorite part time jobs in college (free coffee, discounted s'mores? Hi, freshman 15), I have to speak out since I am so disappointed whenever I go back. 
Maybe you'll say "well the memory of s'mores and sandwiches can never live up to expectations..." to which I'll say "maybe if they could remember the B in my TBM this conversation wouldn't need to go down this way!!" 
I mean, come on whipper-snappers, the B (for Basil) is IN THE NAME OF THE SANDWICH. A sandwich that only has three (possibly 4 if you get the chicken TBM) ingredients. Back in MY day that wouldn't have flown, when I was walking to work in the winter with no shoes uphill both way.I love this place. comfortable, fast and friendly service, and reasonably priced. best of all the sandwitches and salads are amazing. I like how they tell you which ones are healthier than the others. The bread couldnt be fresher or tastier.Cosi, well lets just say is just Cosi.  There is nothing special about it. Their sandwiches and salads are mediocre at most and greatly overpriced.  As any other chain, it can vary depending on the day. I've had experiences where the food was better than normal and other experience where it was awful.  The last time I was here I got food poisoning from their food and have not been back since.My preferred spot for a quick bite and caffeine fix. Fresh salads are delicious. I go here with my girls often.No, no, no.  Not good..
When I was getting revved up to write this review, I thought about all the times I've been to a Cosi, and it was an embarrassing number.  It's like 10 or something, but that's at least 9 too many.  
When I think of Cosi, the first word that comes to mind is "Expensive."  Yes, okay, a lot of things go into the cost of prepared foods, but I hardly think that a medium sized bowl of lettuce with a literal ice cream scoop full of cucumbers and feta constitutes $7 +tax!  Oh, okay, thanks for throwing in some salty bread.  
I will say that whenever I've been toa Cosi I get whipped in and out of there so fast that I don't even get a chance to hate on the environment.I am obsess with Cosi.  We only have one location in CA and whenever I visit Philadelphia, I have to have it.  It's my go to quick bite to eat spot.  It definitely got Panera Bread or Corner Bakery beat in my book! 
Their flatbread sandwiches, salads, pizza and soups are delicious to me! 
Go for the pick twos so you can have a variety :) 
Also try their lemonade mojitos.I went to Cosi tonight and decided to write my first review... EVER.  I had the signature salad, which i've had several times before, and started chewing on what felt like a piece of WOOD. 
l called over some staff and they got the manager. The manager informed me that it was a piece of grass, and that they've been finding grass in their salad mix (like that's NORMAL to have grass in your salad).  She suggested that I order the salad in the future with Romaine and not the salad mix, and said that I would be "ok".  She didn't even apologize or offer a new salad or anything.
As much as I frequent this place, it pissed me off.  Generally the staff is very nice and accomodating, but this manager has an interesting view of customer service.the food is ok - like any other cosi. the real issue here is the management and staff. they are slow, unresponsive, and cut corners while preparing the food. the only reason these folks are still in business is because they have a prime location.best ceasar salads!!! its a fun place, real chill, good food and you feel healthy afterwards too. the smores are perfect for a first dateWhy, why, why would you ever go here in Rittenhouse Square? With so many other options of similar price point and better fare I am amazed at how many times I put up with the terrible service before resolving to never return.
My experiences here:
1. Ordered a salad stating a honey mustard allergy, asking the salad not be made with it but a balsamic instead. Got back to work, took a huge bite of honey mustard, got sick.
2. Came in one morning for an egg and cheese bagel. Waited 20 minutes, finally got it, ran almost late to work, MISSING THE EGG!
3. On a cold day went in for the tomato soup everyone had raved about. Got halfway through basically a cup of marinara and TMI had major GI issues.
The food is just so incredibly bad, the service extremely mismanaged and slow. The personnel have generally been nice with a few exceptions, but you can tell time management is not a priority.Cosi is a nice, quality place for a small meal. It reminds me of Panera Bread with a twist. The portion sizes are a little under-average for the price. Plenty of vegetarian options. I recommend the personal pizza, salads, and the Mojito Lemonade.I'm actually a fan of Cosi because we don't have it in the west coast. It's a great place to eat if you are a calorie consciouss  foodie. They list the total calories in the menu, so this is your best be if you are watching your girlish figure. I've had the shrimp remoulade, fire roasted veggie, crab cake melt and the basil aurora soup. All of them were pretty good. I'm not a fan of their bread though, but I think it's probably because it's low in calories.Smores! Smores! Smores! They would have been great had we had a chance to try them. They ran out of smores and bread pudding. What?? You ran out of smores!!! We ordered a brownie sunday instead. It wasn't anything special but it cured at least one of my friends chocolate cravings.
The service was slow and the house coffee stinks! They weren't all that bad. They did send us home with a bag full of free goodies.
Note: Free WifiThe only food here that is any good is their lentil soup (when they have it), their yogurt with fruit and their greek salad.  Their wraps are just okay and their "pizza" is HORRIBLE.
Also, the ladies room is a disaster.  Paper towel dispenser broken, one of only two toilets clogged up and practically overflowing, the sink completely stopped up, soap dispenser doesn't work.  DISGUSTING.
Come to find out from the employees, that the owners of Cosi KNOW all of this and cannot be bothered to pay a plumber.
The only reason they get two stars is because their staff is excellent. They are all friendly and hard working.David Cross' infinite wisdom gets Cosi right where it hurts for thinking that a square bagel has any utility in food culture.
I think that Cosi is a notch above a Panera Bread, but their long lines, slower service, and declining quality continue to pull them under. To its credit, this is the best location in Philadelphia. The University City location is horrible... and if it weren't for the outside seating, should be completely ignored.
The best things about Cosi: Late hours, good soup, nice furniture.
Worst things: Lines, service (slow/rude), sloppy preparation.Cosi has gone down hill in the city. This little joint can be enjoyed in the suburbs, but all the city locations are dirty and unappealing. I'd rather go to a trusted local spot before here.
If you're looking for smores, i suggest a gram cracker, marshmallow, chocolate and a microwave. It's so much more fun seeing the marshmallow blow up in 10 seconds!healthy food, great place to surf internet or read a book.Cosi is one of those places that's designed to look comfortable but it just isn't.  The furniture is very stiff, despite the fact that it's couch-like.  The coffee sucks, the food is overpriced for a cafe and pretty bland.  I hate places like this that run legit local coffee-joints out of the neighborhood.  It picked up were XandO left off--sub-par and pseudo-trendy. 
The only decent thing about it is the fact that it has liquor licenses which means you can get reasonably good coffee/alcohol drinks.  It's not really a place you would go to drink, though.My first experience at Cosi was a so-so one.  I liked how it is a crossbreed between fast food and a sit down restaurant.  When you arrive you order at a check out and then when your food is ready they bring it to you at your table.  They had a wide selection of quality food.  The food took longer than it should have to get to us, but I have to cut them some slack because it was the middle of Philly's Outfest and it was super busy.  The food was really, really tasty although the portions were somewhat small for the price.  Overall I would recommend this restaurant based on the quality of the food choices but would suggest going at a time when it's not so busy.Not bad, just not very good either. Cosi is one of those places I've been to so many times over the years and yet no one experience is significant enough to warrant even much of a review. The food is mediocre (at best sometimes) and the fact that they don't have any table service is both a plus and minus at times. Really, the only reason I bother going here is if I need to meet someone for a quick bite but need it to be more substantial an establishment than the deli for a sub. The salads are wilted and sad most of the time (although huge). The sandwiches are pretty pathetic and waayyyy overpriced for what you get. The only real plus is the squagels (square bagels) but they stop serving those at 11am so I rarely have a chance to get them. Basically, it's a good spot to grab a quick (albeit boring) lunch on Walnut street.New to Yelp, but I've went here awhile back and thought I would help someone avoid the experience I had.  I didn't expect a whole lot from this chain operation, but it's really a disaster.  Bathrooms are filthy.  Service is super slow.  Food is average, at best. Came here to meet a blind date.  Ended up working out as it gave us something to talk about.I ordered the Adobo Lime Chicken Salad and they started making my salad. After they put in the lettuce and chicken and dressing, they wait a bit, and then they called me over that they didn't have corn or pepper anymore and that it would take at least 10mins to heat up the corn. I ended up not getting a salad with chicken and grapes with the dressing. They should have told me they didn't have all the ingredients before tossing everything in with the dressing, I was very unsatisfied.This must be something like an East Coast Quiznos!  
Get Cosi? YES get COSY!
Shrug. Too much coffee this morning! 
Annnnyyways, Cosi is a standard chain with standard sandwiches...the thing I like though is the flatbread.  It's actually quite tasty with a light sprinkling of sodium on the bread. :) 
SODIUM MONSTERS UNITE! 
I think any sandwich you get here will be pretty decent, and the prices aren't too bad either.  Plus you get to choose your choice of kettle chips or carrots, granted, not huge bags of them, but at least they give you a choice to be healthy! 
3 stars, because this particular one stuffs their sandwiches with fillins' unlike the one by UPENN, which tends to skimp.The only thing that keeps me coming back to Cosi is the bombay chicken salad with the nonfat balsamic dressing.  If it weren't for that, the following would keep me away for sure:
1.  The menu leaves very little for people who legitimately want to eat something healthy. The sodium content, especially in the bread, is through the roof.  On that note, the calorie content for most of the menu items is absolutely ridiculous even for some of the innocuous-sounding items.  (leave it to them to make a veggie sandwich clock in at around 900 calories).  One of my greatest pet peeves is when chefs and restaurants try to pass off their offerings as being much healthier than they are, and Cosi is definitely an offender.  (so are Rachel Ray, and admittedly, Panera Bread).
2. As nice as the staff are, over 1/2 the time they mess up a part of my order.  That includes putting the wrong dressing in my salad, mixing the dressing in the salad when I requested it on the side, including the wrong type of bread, and on two occasions even completely forgetting to include the side soup order!  (requiring me to go all the way back with a receipt)
3.  This is where they lose hardcore in comparison to Panera--the whole notion of switching to table service after 5pm is ridiculous, if not just pretentious.  It's not exactly a fine dining restaurant and there's nothing special that the table service adds to the dinner experience there compared to the lunch experience.  Whereas I'm totally willing at other places to grab dinner and coffee and stay planted for a few hours studying, the whole table service gag definitely keeps me from coming in for anything but takeout after 5pm.
3a.  In a similar vein, I think they just try to do too much with having a coffee bar AND a daytime menu AND an evening wine bar AND pizza menu AND certain dinner entrees.  It's a restaurant chain with multiple personality disorder.I HIGHLY recommend the tabletop Oreo S'mores---AMAZING!  They have the traditional graham cracker s'mores for those who are not as daring as my friends and I were.  For those of you who don't know, when you order tabletop s'mores at Cosi, they bring you a tabletop "campfire" equipped with skewers, chocolate, marshmallows, and graham crackers or oreos, depending on which kind you order.  You can either get a portion for 4 or a portion for 2.  A nice plus--our waitress was very friendly and quick to accommodate our party of 6 crazy college students without any complaints whatsoever ;)Looks good on paper. But, as Alicia Silverstone says in Clueless, it's a mosaic; from afar it looks great, but up close you can see it's flaws.
COME: mango iced teas, S'more dessert complete with fire, hot drinks, thin-crust White Pizza, The Signature Salad, Caitlin's sandwich*.
DON'T COME: they use an ice-cream scoop for the tuna, the chicken is that wet, I'm-not-sure-if-this-is-100%-chicken chicken, the men making your sandwiches aren't happy about their job and may not be wearing gloves.
*eggplant, chicken, brie, roasted pepper spreadhad last visited the cosi at 30th st station in phila a few years ago and had good memories, so went in to pick up a chicken Caesar to go ... awful!  they didn't even dress it, just put in a container of dressing on the side, so I'm supposed to toss it myself in my hotel room??  the chicken - advertised as "grilled" ?!?!? - was disgusting, a soggy, fatty, distasteful mess.  I am off Cosi for good.Large Iced Americano packs 4 shots, tastes nice and smooth, and ends up costing around $2.50.  Great deal!  The food is fine and the service is hit or miss.Gross.  How does this place even survive?  
First off:  who remembers when Cosi was cool?  In like 1998?  No seriously, it was. They had a different look and an independent vibe.  Kinda like Urban Outfitters before it exploded and became a horrible stupendously horrendous chain.
Fast forward to 2008 (I'm old, fine):  Cosi is disgusting.  Let me outline my Cosi experiences over the past 2 weeks alone.  Chicken flatbread sandwiches are served with some sort of "chicken substitute" gelatin-style chicken cubes.  Gag.  This chicken makes Lean Cuisine chicken look delicio-SO.  And check the nutritionals...this stuff is horrible for you!!
Drinks are horrible.  You're better off anywhere else.  McDonalds is better for iced coffee and iced tea--- and less than a half a block away.
Ambiance:  Booths that belong in a pancake house somewhere outside of New Orleans.  (I know, I've been to this type of place).
Pastries:  Absolutely god awful.  Chocolate croissant was as hard as a soft ball and not the slightest big flaky.
READY FOR THE KICKER?
This place is crowded, and people come here for eat in and take out.  Who freakin' does that?  
Utterly gross.  A million thumbs down.i'd rather go here to get tea than barnes and noble or a nearby starbucks. for one thing, refills seem to be free (don't hold me to that - i'm cute) and they're open till 11pm. the moroccan lentil soup (confirmed to be vegan and usually available on tuesdays only) here is pretty good. i don't ever get anything else because there isn't really anything i can get here. even the bread is egg-washed.I've been to this Cosi many many time and usually get the same thing. Caesar salad, tomato basil soup or turkey light.
The Caesar salad is okay. I feel like they usually put too much dressing.
The Tomato basil soup I really like but gets cold really quick so eat/drink quickly!
The Turkey light is one of my favorites but the mustard does burn your nose sometimes! The sandwich also comes with your choice of chips or baby carrots!
I've also had their Spinach Artichoke Dip which I absolutely love!
I like this location because it is close to Rittenhouse Square and all the shops but also because all the people that work here have been really friendly.
They also changed their way of ordering from getting your food the paying to paying, getting a cool light up buzzer then getting your food.This is a chain, but a good one! Similar to Au Bon Pain.
I get the tomato basil soup and and sandwich or a flat bread. Yummy drinks too.
They give you a number for your food and you are supposed to get up and get it, but every time I have come they have brought it to my seat.
I like that touch.Goddam worst breakfast sandwich I've ever had. Now, I like tofu, but I don't want my eggs to have tofu consistency and come in the shape of a block. And it's not called an omelet if the topping are tossed on top of the egg, not cooked inside it. And it's not a "roasted red pepper" if it's not roasted, just a slice of raw pepper. And that nasty hard little squagle or whatever the hell they call their square bagel? It does not taste like bagel. And my coffee was weak, and burned, and it was only 9 in the morning. I hate this place.If you're looking for a place to spend your whole lunch waiting for your lunch, go to this location. They've changed the ordering process which has greatly increased your wait time. If everyone has to order at the register and you only have a few people to make the orders, it creates a huge back log. 
You know there's a wait issue when you get a pager after you place your order.  Me and a few dozen people waited 45 minutes for our orders today. 
This used to be my favorite location for a quick salad, but no longer. Whoever thought this was a good idea, needs to take notes from its surrounding restaurants.Food is ok, over priced for what you get. I do like the ice tea. If your not big on customer service, this is the place for you. I was checked out by a girl who didn't even acknowledge or look at me. All the while she conversed with the next cashier about her upcoming date and that she's "outtie at four." All she asked me was "is that it?" support businesses with good customer service.This is one of the places I would go during my lunch break if I had forgotten to take my lunch with me. I was never crazy about this place, but I was familiar with it, so I would go.
Overall, I've never had bad experiences with the preparers. They have always been patient and friendly with me. The cashiers though, they've got problems or something. They always seem either apathetic or snappy. Lose the attitude! If I ask for something, don't sigh and make it look so difficult! Jeez! I mean, if you don't like your job, quit and let someone else who cares more have it! Other times they seem to be rushing me while I'm paying, and there's no one else behind me. Save social hour for YOUR lunch breaks. I don't care if I'm interrupting a conversation because the cashiers should be paying attention anyway.
I'm officially over this place.
P.S: the carrots that come with the sandwich are by far the worst I have ever eaten. They're always so dry, and taste sort of like cardboard. Another reason to stick to organic.Went there after some pedestrian made the recommendation for lunch at Cosi's.  Great choice. (I was visiting Philly from Dallas)
Had the warm, fresh pesto chicken sandwich and Mmmm good.  It exceeded my expectations. I really liked their baked goods and flat bread bread was spectacular. I went there again the next day for breakfast and it was again, Mmm.   I usually try to hit different places when I'm out of town but went back for seconds.
Also, went to a local gay bar afterwards (Key West bar). Wow, what a dive. Has nothing to do with Cosi, but had to get that out there.  Worse, I had to pay a $5 cover charge - ouch. I'm a huge fan of east coast boyz but it was a swing and miss on that trip.Cosi is one of those places I want to stay away from but I can't seem to keep my distance.  Every thing everybody else has said are the reasons behind my sentiment, but their Chicken TMB Melt calls my name like a bottle of Jameson to an alcoholic.  
The bread is good and they have free WiFi so I often find myself sitting in an uncomfortable faux designer chair surfing the Internet and indulging in a flat bread 'sandwich'.Stars because what they output is delicious, I love their mint arctic mochas and sandwiches. Service sucks, I can't believe that one time when I did takeout, it took about 45 minutes until we got our sandwiches, and there wasn't even a line! It always seems disorganized to me, too. Maybe they are only good when it's really busy....More sticky than Cosi. 
I remember a few years back, when Cosi had good coffee, decent food and had a pretty nice atmosphere. When did Cosi become the Denny's of coffee houses?
I ordered a cappuccino. It came out 15 minutes later, cold. The cup had some sort of sticky substance on it. The table had some sticky substance on it. Even the floor under the table was sticky. Ew.
There are only two redeeming factors about this place. 
1. It's the only place in the neighborhood to get a coffee after 10pm. 
2. Free wifi.Chiming in myself about this place, since I see I'm not the only one with the same experiences.
When I first went to Cosi, when it started in Philly in the mid 90's, it was called "XandO", and it was fricken' awesome.  Quality place, good drinks, great coffee, decent dessert/snacks -- it was one of the better places to hang late night, too.  It was like Starbucks' much cooler older sibling, with really good food options and alcohol.
Fast-forward a few years -- bought out, changed name, now is "Cosi".  They expand to other cities, and change their menu focus -- no late night fun, no hang-out-and-chill coffee shop vibe... Now its more like an Au Bon Pain gone wrong. 
Tried them when they moved to Boston in the late 90's & early 2000s.  Mediocre.  Moved to NYC, and apparently so did Cosi.   Now it became downright disgusting.  Coffee redolent of lukewarm dishwater.  Food that was cheap, bread that was supposedly special but really was mass-produced crap, sandwich fillers that were...shall we say, "well-aged"?
Amazed they're still in business.  Only saw tourists and desperate harried parents go into them in NYC, a la "Olive Garden".  It seems they've survived down here, too.If you want a quick and cheap lunch, then this isn't a bad spot to go. I had a turkey, bacon, and cheese sandwich, which was decent (I wasn't a fan of the mustard that came on it, though), but I really liked my strawberry smoothie and would come back to grab one of those again. 
There aren't any other redeeming qualities about Cosi locations, but you likely aren't going here for anything special anyway.Food was good, service was slow and not very accurate at checkout. Bathrooms were not clean.  Surprisingly empty on a Saturday night, considering everywhere else in the area had waiting times. 
A good place to catch a quick bit or a fast drink, but other than that, just another version of Panera, etc.Consistent. The service is a touch above what you'd get at a McDonald's, and that's okay considering the food is a touch above that of McDonald's. 
They do serve booze though. That's pretty cool.Went to this Cosci on a Sunday night. It was full of people or should I say students around 6:30 either working on studying for finals or taking a study break with friends. There are plenty of tables for groups to meet up and plenty of sections if you want a quiet area to concentrate. 
Cosci food is good, healthy and on par with Panera. Get your Cosci card and rack up a free meal every once in a while which will help since the prices are at least $7-8 for a sandwich.Never again. Sorry, William.
This Cosi is near my house and I've always considered it mediocre until recently when it fell much lower on my list. After getting off work at 8pm, I went into Cosi to take out something after dinner plans fell through. I ordered a large flatbread and was shocked when my bill was almost $20. Either way, I paid it and waited for 20 minutes, despite the fact that the place was nearly empty. 
When I got my order, it was clear that whatever I got was not worth $10 and was definitely not a large. When I told the woman who managed by order, she offered no apology but disappeared for 5 minutes at the other end of the store. A less than friendly manager then appeared, and asked me "what seemed to be the problem?" though the woman who fetched her was standing right there offering no explanation. I explained the situation, the manager went to "investigate" this Sherlock Holmes worthy mystery. She then instructed me to wait "just a few minutes" so they could make me a pizza that was less of an egregious rip off. 
We are now closing in on an hour of life wasted in this place, so I refused and asked for a refund. The manger then became hostile and informed me that this is not the fault of a human, rather a computer. Blah, blah, blah. I am freaking starving now. Bottom line: their computers are broken so I will need to bring my receipt in on my way to work in 10 hours and speak to someone named William if I hope to have the situation  resolved. That never happened, because I found 10,000 better things to do with my time and inductive reason clued me in to how that chat would likely go. So, weeks later, I decided to write this instead. I know it's just a Cosi, but come on now.Meh. It makes me so sad to write this. 
Pretty much all of my highschool afternoons were either spent at the (pre renovation) Liberty Place food court eating Chick Fil A Ice Cream or at the Cosi on Walnut Street eating smores. It was fantastic...one of the great  perks about growing up in the city is that you learn to feel independent at such a young age. Most of my ''independent'' money went to Cosi. 
(not to mention that the waiters fit my niche of skinny tattooed shy boys just right)
Flash forward 3-7 years later. I have been away at school in Boston for five years, and am now celebrating my first holiday back  in the illadelph in a long time! I am so excited to walk around the city and just take it alll in.
My friend and I decide to meet for lunch and since we are both broke (post college and post holidays?FORGETABOUTIT) we decide to relive our youth and go to Cosi.
I wish we had gone the other route and went to the food court because then I would be writing about the amazingness that is Chick Fil A Dairy Milk. 
We both got salads; her the cobb salad and me the wild Alaskan Salad (I admit wrongdoing on this one. WHAT THE HELL WAS I THINKING?)
$10 later, we sit down and I take a bite of my salad and it is crunchy (but not in a good way) and I  realize that the capers in my salad are frozen solid. I decide not to say anything because as we all know, the customer service at this place is not the best in the world and I didn't feel like being berated because of a salad. And then I took another bite: MEALY TOMATOE...the result of the tomatoe being kept too cold and then being put into a very warm environment...health hazard!
I take it up to the manager who is very nice about the whole situation and tells me to just grab a new salad. The salad guys are not so nice about it and pretty much ignore every thing I say: No tomatoes please...copious amounts in my salad. Balsamic Vinagrette...Ranch? 
Oy Vey. It used to be so very good here. What happened? And where did all the cute waiters go?I really want to like this Cosi because it is close to my home and on my walk to work. I have been to other Cosi's and have had good experiences. I have had several instances at this Cosi in which they have failed to make my meal entirely. This has happened 2-3 times to me at this establishment (never at any others) and most recently they forgot to make my pizza as well as the salad of another person in line. It doesnt make sense to me because they write down the orders, but then they get sidetracked or distracted. I also have never had any apology when this has occured. This has never happened to me at Panera Bread, but alas, I have yet to find one downtown. If you have the desire to go to Cosi, I recommend taking a stroll to 1100 Walnut, or take a drive to Panera.Our friends and I went to Cosi for a Panini. Just happened to see a roach run across the counter. We quickly left, and never looked back. What really astonished me is how everyone else just stayed there and laughed at the incident; I guess infestation is funny. 
Another note, the Wifi is hardly working most of the time. I suggest Barnes and Nobles for study groups.A slight step up from 7-11 food. Coffee that won't make you vom...at the very least, it's clean. This is for all Cosis...not just the one on walnut
Btw, this is the dumbest name for a sandwich shop I've ever heard.I end up here once in a while if I'm craving a TBM.  I also go here with co-workers, and I get the Bombay Chicken Salad.  The chicken is a little dicey at times, but otherwise I like the flavor of this salad.  The TBM is always delicious, but everything is way overpriced considering the quality of the ingredients.  I've also seen too many of the news channel exposes on pests in Philadelphia restaurants to want to eat here regularly.  There's always a Cosi on the list.If Cosi was a pimp, it's chicken caesar salad would be it's best prostitute. I can't even put into words what that salad did for me. I feel like Richard Gere in Pretty Woman. The dressing coated each piece of romaine perfectly, and the whole thing was full of flavor.  I've been to Cosi plenty of times to get my usual Buffalo Bleu sandwich, but I'm kicking myself now for having on blinders all these years. Cosi is a wonderland, filled with a variety of fantastic foods and snacks.  I love the comfortable atmosphere, and dim lighting.  I don't particularly like the prices, but I deal with them because I get full y'know?  Also, sometimes they give me chips when I tell them carrots, but complaining about that would be petty.  The one on 17th and Walnut is responsible for my salad so I'm reviewing that one. But the one on 12th and Walnut is my favorite because it's closer to where I live.I've been a longtime patron of this location of Cosi.  I appreciate the hard work of managers and their staff.  The salads are healthy and it's great to have nutritious options on the fly.  I always feel welcome and appreciate the consistency of the culinary offering at this location of Cosi.I am so NOT a fan of COsi.  After eating in the in NYC in the early 200's when this chain emerged - it seemed cool at first.  And - if the bread is fresh and hot (before it solidifies into cold cardboard) it actually tastes pretty good.
The hungrier you are the better it'll taste.
Meanwhile - the overpriced sandwich fillings are mediocre at best.
There are better places to waste (I mean spend) my $7 bux.
Sorry.  Not a big fan.
If it's in 30th Street Station and I REALLY need food - I would eat here over McDonalds or Au Bon Pain - but that's really not saying much.I tend to avoid chains - and therefore I tend to have very few reviews for them.  but I need to review this Cosi, because it's so much closer to the one in Dupont Circle in DC - and SO unlike the Cosi's in Boston.  The Boston versions are like the version in the 30th st train station, and are very much like a copy of Au Bon Pain.  The DC and this version are so much cooler.
Why?
Bigger
Later hours
Beer/wine/booze.but it's kinda a coffee shop
Let's face it - I like to grab a bite and a drink - and in Boston the only option to do this (without getting shuffled off when the plates are cleared) is a pub.  But there are times where I really want to grab a book, go head somewhere decently lit - not too crazy noisy but not a library - get a decent bite to eat, grab a beer and soak in a few chapters over a few hours.
I plead with the Yelpers out there to tell me such a place in Boston.  In 10 years, I haven't found it.  And the Cosi's in Boston, Kendall, etc make me miss it even more because I know about this place and the one in DC.  With all the students we have, you would think this would be a huge hit - but luckily my job lets me come to Phila every so often so I get a taste of it from time to time.
This version of this chain gets it right - please don't change.I absolutely hate how they serve their sandwiches cold.  The steak and eggs (breakfast only) is pretty good.  That is served warm and I would bring it back to put sriacha on it.  The pasta pollo soup is also good and I am addicted to the strawberry yogurt parfait.  The flat bread plain pizza is good, not the bbq/gouda.I used to work in Manhattan and Cosi was a sure bet everyday.  The bread was excellent.  Soooo, I was sooo happy when I saw a Cosi here next to my office building in Philly.  I went in early bc I heard that the lines were unbearable during lunch hours.  I ordered a Caesar salad...wayyyy too much dressing.  It was drenched.  I ordered tomatoes but they weren't in my salad.  I ordered Mozzerella and they weren't balls.  They were little, tiny, miniscule cubes that did not have a fresh mozzerella taste.  They didn't have bread so the salad guy said that he would put a bagel in my bag.  When I got back to the office there was no bread.  Nowwww the real annoying part was the cashiers...slow as heck.  I waited and waited and waited....Let's just say that I will not be returning to Cosi.restuarant scale 1-5? 1.
Cockroach scale 1-5? 5. 
Used the bathroom and I look up and there is a bleepin' cockroach flipped over on its back ALIVE. I mean honestly? You passed health inspection with that thing? I blame the FDA, the senator, the government, Obama, and most importantly George bush. I bet if Romney was in office cockroaches wouldn't exist.This is not the cosi of old which used to be quite the destination spot. Then it became an OK place to get a sandwich or salad but my last 3 visits just downright stunk. Nothing about the staff or the ambience, just the food. Rusty lettuce on the salad. Something off about my shredded carrots in my sandwich. Stomach curdling soup. Their coffee has never been good so whatever with that. Shame.After a cross-country flight to Philadelphia, I was extremely tired and hungry. I survived on airline peanuts and a variety of Nabisco snacks that lasted me a total of five minutes for the entire duration of the 8+ hour flight. I wanted something, anything to satiate my hunger. My gracious guests take me to Cosi, which sounds comforting enough. Apparently, everything in downtown Philadelphia shuts down at night. Where are all the late night eateries I dreamed of? No matter, I still had hope that Cosi could fill my empty stomach.
My first impression of Cosi is an East coast version of Panera. The menu mainly has salads, sandwiches, melts, and pizzas. After staring at the endless menu for a while, I decided on the grilled chicken T.B.M. (tomato, basil, mozzarella) melt. It sounded healthy and light enough. Well, it turned out to be light alright. The portion size was extremely small and it cost over $8. Kind of ridiculous for such a mediocre item. I later find out that Rittenhouse Square is the expensive neighborhood of downtown. Oh well - next time, I will be sure to avoid the chains and seek out the hole-in-the-walls. Those are where the real food treasures are found.I was deeply disappointed when I got onto my train and saw that the caesar salad that I specifically asked for without chicken had chicken on it.  I was tempted to get off the train and speak to the women on it, but because my train left a minute afterwards I was unable to do this and now I am stuck with a salad I cannot eat.every sandwich is great because the bread is spectacular!