Amazing longshot appetizer. Milan salad very tasty. Veal Marsala & chicken parmigiana delicious. Definitely will return!Awesome new spot in a quaint but cool location. Ambience is laid back, yet trendy. Great decor and seating options. Also a nice, big bar with a good drink menu. I came here with a friend to check the place out last Wednesday. Pete was our server. He was fantastic. He made great recommendations for wine and dinner specials. Food was great, from the stuffed long hot peppers, to our entree, and dessert. This place has a bright future, we will definitely be back.Great food. Owner reAlly cares about everyone who walks in the door. Great spot. Very cozy. Nicely done!
GO!A nice brunch was had by all. We were visiting from out of town, heard about this place from a friend and we're very impressed. I highly recommend the stuffed French toast, that alone is a reason to revisit.Very nice atmosphere, the food was great. We had the fish of the day, which was branzino, the  cioppino, which was a perfect mixture of linguini,  tomato sauce and seafood. And for dessert we ordered Italian classics, tiramisu and cannoli. 
The house wine, red and white, was good, too, especially when combining with the types of food. 
We had a great experience; hopefully we'll be here again soon.The size of this place was never meant to be a restaurant - the moment you walk in you feel a little claustrophobic. On top of that they insist on playing jazz music that's way too bass heavy for me to be relaxed and focused on my food that's trying to fight for space on my minuscule table. I think the food was okay - I couldn't tell, nor did I care. I left as soon as I could and never looking back.
Do yourself a favor and buy a breaded chicken wawa hoagie and sit on the park bench at fitler square instead.Probably the best brunch that I've had in Philly. Everything from the service to the quality of food was outstanding. The breakfast stack was the perfect balance of savory to sweet, and their pancakes are fluffy and filled with delicious ricotta. Outdoor seating is available. Will be back for another brunch or dinner service.I would call my meal here wildly mediocre and my service subpar.  Was dying for a spot to eat in Fitler Square, but this didn't do it for us.  The rigatoni and meatballs sauce was missing flavor,  it was bland.  Salt helped the dish but it was so underwhelming.  The signature Cotoletta stack was good,  but that's it -  just good.  Decent flavor in it but the lack of flavor from pasta dish left us dissatisfied.  Place had a lot of patrons so I hope that they're figuring out the kinks and can get it together,  but from my experience-  not worth it.Tria is missed. The service here was a little awkward. None of the appetizers are particularly exciting. My seafood dish was fresh but a bit bland and too easily replicated at home for being over $30. The cutlets are dope though. I will likely return, but only for that pounded, breaded, fried jawn.Awesome meal! So nice to have this in the neighborhood. Had the Cotoletta Stack and the Shrimp Scampi special and both were perfect. The stack is a must try. Can't wait to come back and try more items. Seth our waiter was great and Joe the manager was super friendly. Love that they take reservations and also can't wait to try their brunch!The breakfast stack is chicken and waffles on steroids. Presentation is awesome. Tenders are thinly cut and crispy. The curve ball was the sausage stuffed jalapenos sandwiched into the whole thing. There's a lot going on here And I loved it.Went here for the first time tonight. It was a good crowd, wait staff was very friendly. while they didnt have all of the components of the drink i ordered, the waiter suggested an alternative which was also good. 
What we ordered was tasty - we got the eggplant Parmesan and shrimp fra diavlo, but they each were missing something. They didnt come with any veggies! to get them, you had to shell out 8 bucks which was steep. overall, a decent place, might try them again but this time go with a group.I this place.  The food is delicious, the staff is friendly, and the new decor is so comfortable.
They have Quizzo on Wednesday nights, they are opening at 4 with an early Happy Hour, they have a late-night Happy Hour, brunch on weekends; what more could a neighborhood want!!  The portions are big, but once you know that, adjust your ordering or take leftovers home. Their Cotoletta "stack" is delicious, as well as their pastas and salads. The owners are doing everything they can to make this a special spot in Fitler Square and it shows.My partner and I went here the other week on a Saturday for dinner. The food was very good and the cutlet selection is big and the portions large (can easily be shared.) Overall, the ambiance is warm and cozy. The tables in the back dining area are close together so be prepared to have those awkward moments when your neighbors are watching your food be delivered and you eating it. Also, we were seated near the bar where we watched the manager(?) drink and make out with their significant other. It felt unprofessional and added to the awkwardness at times.
The service started out very strong but was disappointing at the end. We waited forever to have our plates cleared and leftovers wrapped up. We intended to have dessert but after almost 20 mins of trying to flag someone down for attention, we decided to skip it and get our check. 
We're hoping some of the negatives are one-off incidents and will definitely be back to try it again. After a period of turnover at this location, we'd like to see this place succeed!The food was very good but the noise level was so loud we couldn't carry on a conversation at our table. They had a DJ in the Restaurant which is the size of a small row home. The DJ was about 6 feet from our table with a huge speaker. We asked him about four times to turn the music down so we could enjoy our dinner. They initially ignored us but turned it down after we complained the second time. After a short while they raise the volume back up again. We spoke to the owner and her answer is they wanted to have the DJ so people will continue to stay and drink after their meal. We have no desire to go back. We should have left right after they sat us. We spent $200 for dinner for two and didn't enjoy it. We couldn't even have dessert or coffee we needed to just get out of there. The table next to us got up and left because of the noise level. They thought it was just them because they were older until they saw us  complain about the noise.. We will not be going back. It's a shame because the food was good. They also brought out our entrées before we were even finished our appetizer.The chicken cutlets were seriously the best I've ever had (and that's saying something). You really can't go wrong with any of the dishes, but you HAVE to try The Stack! Chicken cutlets, eggplant, sausage stuffed long hots and cheese combine to form one of the most delicious Italian dishes I've ever eaten. Can't wait to go back!My family and I went to Cotoletta on a Friday night before a show at the Kimmel Center. We made a 5:45pm reservation and were seated right away. The restaurant is small, but cozy with nice decor. Our server was very nice and recommended a few items (though I think he was pretty new and maybe not ready to be on the floor yet). Either way, we ordered a caesar salad to start and three entrees: linguini with clams in white, shrimp fra diavolo, and the Cotoletta Stack. The caesar salad was way too small for the price tag and drenched in dressing. Not a fan favorite. The entrees were redeeming though and we enjoyed all three. The linguini with clams was so good - tons of clams, great flavor, and perfectly al dente pasta. The Stack was also very good and HUGE. It could easily be split between two people. A bit too spicy for me after a while, but really enjoyed it. Finished it off with a few coffees and lemon marscapone cake. Recommend!25th Wedding Anniversary Celebration Dinner & Cocktails.
Excellent food and Andre' our server made our experience first rate. He was friendly, very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu and special features of the evening.  Can't wait to return. Great food and fantastic memorable time.I tried Cotoletta with my girlfriend on a Friday night since we live in the neighborhood and used to frequent this spot before the current tenants moved in. At first I was surprised to see that they had available tables all night long so we did not need a reservation. I was tempted to try the chicken cutlet stack, since I had heard so much about them, but $34 seemed a bit steep for chicken cutlets. I opted instead for the shrimp scampi special and my girlfriend got the shrimp fra diavlo. We started with a relatively meager antipasto. Both entrées were sizable, served hot, and well seasoned, but my scampi must have contained at least a stick of butter. The post-meal lethargy was intense. We skipped dessert and each had a glass of wine. The bill was over $100. For that price you are much better off at the four or five other Italian BYOs in the neighborhood. The crowd was almost exclusively baby boomers in the city for the evening. I, for one, really miss the vibe that used to occupy this corner.I wanted so much to love Cotoletta, but after 4 visits, think I'll stick with one of the other 5 Italian restaurants in a 3-block radius. The chicken cutlets are fine - sometimes so thin I've had to question whether there was meat between the breading, but tasty. I like the Milanese side salad (when they remember to dress it). 
A few reasons I will not return:
1 - This is an Italian restaurant that doesn't know how to cook pasta. Every single time, and on every single dish, it is way overcooked and usually cold. I understand this is a chicken cutlet restaurant, but I've known how to properly cook pasta since I was a child, and so should their kitchen staff.
2 - The service is mediocre. I live in the neighborhood, and say hello to the owners/staff every single day when I walk by, and I hardly received a smile when walking in. I wasn't looking for a free dinner, just a pleasant smile and perhaps the normal chitchat of "how are you?" The timing of our food is generally off as well. 
3 - While they accept children, they hardly accommodate them. Both Vernick Fish and Jean-Georges have children's menus...do you really mean to tell me I can't buy a half-sized order of chicken cutlets for my toddler? In the most family-dense neighborhood of the city, they should be searching for ways to attract families.
If you want to have Italian food without leaving the neighborhood (easy to do!), Trattoria Carina and Ambrosia both have phenomenal pasta, great grilled octopus dishes, and their staff are great. Don't waste your calories or time here.Pros: The chicken parmigiana was very good. 
There was a comfortable seating area where we didn't feel right on top of one another. 
Cons: This restaurant is SO short staffed, there were two waitresses for the whole restaurant (which I kind of found shocking for a new restaurant). We barely saw our waitress and my fiancé went his entire meal without a refill on his water (he even asked the manager and the manager never came back and filled his water up).
We were seated relatively quickly but waited an hour before we got the bread and oil and then an additional 15 minutes on top of that to get our entrees and we were the lucky that we got served that fast!
There also isn't a hostess stand - so you have to stand in the narrow aisle between tables and flag down the hostess to get seated, not ideal. 
Overall I would give it some time  before I consider trying again - lots of kinks for the restaurant to work our before we consider it again.This was an ok experience. Food was fine, standard Italian American fare, but at $25-30 a main I'd expect more. It's a real shame that this location has never really worked and restaurants seem to come and go. This is one of the most charming streets in a great neighborhood but for some reason the dining options generally aren't great - overpriced 'gentrified' Italian American comfort food seems to be the main offering. My recommendation is to head to Friday Saturday Sunday on 21st for fantastic service and food for just a little more. Or 20th street has great options like Audrey Claire at similar if not cheaper prices (and BYOB).Located on the Northeast corner of 23rd and Pine, I must have jogged right past this place 100+ times on my way to Schkuykill Trail. Decided to give it a shot for dinner tonight. Super Impressed!! The ambiance is calm, dim lit, with pretty purple and pink dark pastel colors. The staff was neat, polite, welcoming, and knowledgeable about their menu. We were the first to arrive for dinner and many others came as we ate. Great views of the park across the street. We started with a Greek Salad w/out greens. It was Delicious. Feta, onion, olive, bell pepper, tomato, & a light oil/vinegar dressing. I had the Chicken parmesan, and my friend had a Caesar salad with grilled chicken, but you can get it with the  cutlet as well (I soon learned why). Not many people understand what makes a good cutlet. These guys do.. they were very tender (given a good beating) and sliced super thin, breaded to perfection with properly seasoned bread crumbs. THEY WERE AMAZING.. The Caesar dressing was  done right. Slight hint of anchovie, right amount of cheese , no mayonnaise'y taste. Traditional delicious dressing,  not drenched, hugging crisp cold romaine. I don't write negative reviews, but I don't write false-positives either. This place was great and I will be back. It appeared to be a family run place as every staff member we encountered appeared to be from the same Family (not sure, but seemed that way). Also, the entrees were priced surprisingly low with an average between $20-$24. There was also a lunch menu posted outside with burgers as low as 8 bucks. Can't wait to go for lunch.Delicious Food. Wonderful Service. Beautiful Decor and a Great Bar.
We now have a favorite local Italian Place. I'm so glad. Next time I'll save room for dessert!This spot has an interesting history, Dimitri's was somehow the master of this corner for ages they seemed to have a perfect formula. Then Tria a really bad fit for that spot (too specialized). Now Cotoletta, arguably the best fit, an Italian food café.
First, the good: the menu is just large enough to accommodate most preferences and nothing tastes bad. The location is great (as it always was) for this neighborhood. To criticize prices is always a really arbitrary exercise, the prices are simply driven by expenses especially rent and the number of covers the restaurant can provide per evening. Nothing seemed "out of whack". Eating out is pricy. By comparison I never spend less than $25/person on Chinese takeout. So $50/person sounds about right.
The restaurant has some problems, whether its convenience and location outweigh them is personal preference.
First of all the space is cramped inside, this was always a problem even when Dmitri's was there, a function of rent versus covers. The sidewalk seating is not very luxurious, the sidewalk is narrow so pedestrians brush very close to diners. The tables are flimsy. The actual sidewalk is in poor repair so the tables aren't level. This seems like nitpicking unfortunately in certain situations like a hyperkinetic child or a handicapped person (I faced both issues last night) it makes things tense.
I don't think they overcharge but they do "chisel". Examples: I asked for a vegetable instead of pasta with my entree, the waiter brusquely told me there were "no substitutions" and waved at some line in the menu to prove it.  More gracious would have been to say "sure but there is an upcharge". The restaurant was understaffed enough (I am assuming this was the problem) that when the bill came (we were two families), the waiter said "no splitting the bill". I have heard of bars or restaurants doing this with large parties of intoxicated young patrons, some even add a service charge, but refusing to split a bill for two families is...eccentric.
But any restaurant sinks or swims on its food and that is Cotoletta's worst problem, its food just isn't very good. I have been there now twice. I enjoyed my meals both times but the food while acceptable was nothing special. I just returned from a vacation in Rome a few weeks ago, I am not trying to say everything I ate there was earth-shattering but no Roman restaurant would serve entrees so flavorless or devoid of interest.
The central premise is that this restaurant specializes in meat cutlets. I don't know much about this but any time I went to Italy any cutlets or schnitzel I ate were juicy and fresh, not pulverized and papery. So I am not sure what "authentic" dish the resto is shooting for. I had their "specialty": The Stack, essentially all their cutlets piled together and it tasted like...a pile of stuff. It was ok. That was their specialty, $34 btw for the plate.
I personally do not predict a long and glorious future for this resto, simply because I see signs of financial pressure already in the understaffing and the shortcuts. But while it's here a couple could easily meet up here for drinks and dinner and emerge unscathed.My date and I came here last night (this was back in August...I forgot to finish posting!) - it was beautiful so we figured we'd try to sit outside! I went in and the host was super friendly and immediately sat us outside with menus and water. We were lucky to get the last available table outside without a reservation however our particular table was half of the size of a regular table....I hate tiny tables..
Our waiter came over after a few minutes (I think they are very short staffed) took our wine order and our food order (yes, that much time passed before he came that we already picked what we wanted). I asked simple questions about the wine which he answered shortly but with a smile..
Some basic bread came out - nothing special for an italian spot. Then our meatball appetizer. This was by far the best part of the meal. You get two big meatballs with fresh ricotta on a bed of arugula - meatballs were cooked perfectly and portion size was right. 
Shortly after they took away the appetizer our entrees came out. I got the chicken parm and he got the chicken piccata. Presentation was very simple and honestly I wasn't expecting a side of pasta. The pasta was awful and wasn't salted. Chickens were OK...absolutely nothing special.. I'll pass next time I'm going by...You know a place is good when you can smell the culinary goodness while wearing a mask. I was whisked back to the days when I lived at home and when my mom would be working her Italian magic in the kitchen, Sunday Gravy style!
Cotoletta Fitler Square is not a large place, but we felt nicely spaced out among the other patrons. Comfy chairs and gentle lighting. The drink menu had several fun options, one of which was beautifully lemon-forward. I can't recall the name, but it was served in a champagne glass and topped off with Prosecco and a sliver of lemon peel. 
We started with a Greek Salad and a Caesar Salad. The Greek Salad was missing the traditional red onions (boo!) but I got over it. The bread served at our table was toasty-warm. 
Our entrees included the Bronzino special (served with garlicky green beans) and the (famous) Chicken Parmigiana. A side of ziti was necessary, as I needed to see if their red gravy measured up to the olfactory hype (it did).
We were too stuffed for dessert (as per) but they were kind enough to make me a decaf Espresso Martini which was indeed decaf! I am very caffeine sensitive and I don't consume anything caffeinated. I was able to blissfully fall asleep a few hours later without that eyes-flying-open feeling.
Three cheers for safely dining out during the pandemic!One word: Overpriced. Tried 2 appetizers (antipasto platter, and stuffed long hots) and shared a piccata veal cotolette; some of the items were fine, found the others boring (simplest pasta you can imagine, as a side to the cutlet..) For reference: in total paid  $100 for 3 food items and 2 glasses of wine ( incl. tip).
Overall the presentation is very bland and unimaginative; plates, food items, tables, etc. Our server was kind though.
Coming in, we were not expecting anything spectacular, but just another decent addition to the neighborhood. However, Cotoletta fails to earn their premium pricing with their offerings. Will probably not come back.This place is amazing... good food, good people, good beer.  You need to try the cutlets and the stuffed peppers.Really loved it here! We got the Stack and it was fantastic! The cutlets are delish but the pasta was just average to me. You come here for the cutlets, which were awesome!!!
The Stack was soo good!Beautiful inside! Great bar and bartenders with inventive drinks and a great wine list. Especially loved the Bryans Way and Bella's way! The food is delicious. The clams and mussels are equally delicious and we used our bread to lick the bowl. Friends got the stack which can be too spicy for me but they loved it. The chicken Marsala and piccata are phenomenal as well as ziti and asparagus. Servers, hostess and chef are friendly and attentive. Can't wait to go back!Visiting from nyc, we stopped in for brunch. Everything we had was great especially the Cotoletta stack. Reasonable prices and great service.Told host we were trying to eat quickly to avoid rain storm outside. Waited well over 15 minutes for waitress to even come to our table with water and to take our order - restaurant was far from busy. Asked hostess twice and two other waiters. When she finally came outside, she walked right past our table so we left.
Unfortunate that service here will prevent us from supporting something in our neighborhood.We just did catering for 20 people from cotoletta and HIGHLY recommend it. Beth couldn't have been more accommodating, as well as responsive. We ordered an antipasto platter and the cutlet sandwiches. Our guests were raving about the food and everyone asked to take leftovers home. Pricing was very reasonable. Cotoletta will definitely be our go to caterer from now on!We were looking forward to our Memorial Day dinner at this new spot on Fitler Square Park at 23rd and Pine.  We have never been to the original spot in Belmont Hills / across from Manayunk.
The food was excellent.  I have had chicken parm across the City and greater region and would now rate; 1) Cotoletta, 2) L'Angolo (Deep South Philly), 3) Chef Vola (AC).  My wife had the chicken piccata, which was also very good..
The ambiance and staff at Cotoletta Fitler Square make this a casual, sophisticated spot in the area, overlooking a cool park.  Well set up bar that suits your needs with a very nice quaint speaker system and music to boot.  Highly recommended...This place is adorable, attentive service and lovely ambiance. The food is also delicious. It also wasn't overcrowded , very comfortable seating. Will come back.FINALLY the perfect neighborhood restaurant to fill this vacancy at 23rd and pine. I have been to cotoletta in Belmont hills so was thrilled to hear they were coming to philly. The owner and chef Beth makes you feel like you're at her house eating an Italian home cooked meal with her family. The cutlets are all amazing - marsala, chicken parm, really all of them. The stuffed long hots are also a favorite. Really everything - you can taste the love. Oh and don't forget the stack!! This will definitely be my weekly go to spotBest chicken cutlets ever! You need to come here. The cutlets are cooked perfectly! They are smashed supernthin then perfectly coasted with breadcrumbs and fried. I have not had chicken cutlets this good in a very long time. The restaurant is very small so you need to rsvp before hand to get a table. Also if you come here and don't get cutlets idk why you are even going. But this is a very cozy location worth exploring. We had the chicken parm, the chicken licattoa, the Marsala, and the stack which is chicken eggplant. All there of these meals were fantastic, everyone had to get a different thing so we were able to try everything during the meal.What a great place to dine. Great food. Great service. Great environment. Great location. JUST GREAT. I brought my family and they loved everything about it.Absolutely amazing from start to finish- from the food to the service to the beverages everything was extraordinary. Two of us split the stack which comes with a side of pasta and couldn't even finish it- incredible. We started with the Greek salad which was a special and was so incredibly fresh. Finished with the cannolis and they were as good as everything else. Split a bottle of Prosecco which was extremely reasonably priced and topped off the meal perfectly. Will definitely return!Not sure how you guys are going to stay in business during this pandemic. I had to call after opening time in order to be seated. Should have a sign on the door to "call" if you don't want pedestrians to have to step inside to grab attention. Watched a couple leave shortly before I got someone on the phone. Once I was seated, waited 15 minutes, still no one came outside and took a drink order. Not a warm welcoming to a regular who lives and works around the corner.Ninth anniversary, yay! We got in before 6:00 and it was almost completely empty besides the counter and a couple tables, so we got a great seat by the window. There was nice toasty heat wafting down gently from up above which was nice on this cold snowy evening.
Server was a friendly older gent who seems to speak Italian fluently. 
Another couple was seated just after we ordered and being a jealous primate with a strong sense of fairness, I did not like that they got their cocktails before I got my wine.* I mentioned to the waiter that I had wine coming and he took care of it right away. Crisis averted. I didn't need to bear my teeth or fling my waste.
The mushrooms stuffed with seafood and cheese special appetz was delicious, as were the entrees - we both got the milanese chicken cutlet. Every bit as good as I was expecting. And, they were nice and (temperature) hot. It helps to go when a place isn't too busy.
Caesar salad was also very tasty- moist and cheesy. Bread with sesame on the crust is good.
At my wife's request, I had told Open Table that this was an anniversary, but the restaurant didn't seem to know or care. No free cake with sparklers are anything like that. Honestly, I'm fine with that. I don't need the attention, and we weren't wearing rings, so maybe we look like dessert scammers. 
They didn't have the dessert we wanted, but the runner-up was good: a small peanut butter and caramel cake.
So, the service was pret-ay good. Food was great. Of course it's not cheap, but I saw the prices online before we left home. You get 3 cutlets, and that's a lot of food. If you're not a pig like me, you will go home with leftovers. Unlisted dessert was $10 and the off-menu portabello mushroom appetz above was $18.
*Frans de Waal fans, you know what I'm talking about.First Friday night of new opening which was earlier this week.
Pros- 
chicken Marsala, picatta, parmigiana and wine were excellent.
Cons- 
1) brown romaine lettuce mixed in casaer salad.
2) had to wait on kitchen for the 4th food order out of 4 to be made. After 3 dishes were served. 
2) Way too loud- cooks yelling pickup, etc. This is a tough room , as past Tria showed.
3) Staff each had their roles but wouldn't  take drink orders, check payment, etc., saying another staff was responsible and would do it.
We were hoping for better, especially on the first weekend night.
Will go back for a drink another time to observe before eating there again.
As a restaurant professional, I know I'm picky, but with these prices and neighborhood I hope to go back when they get the kinks out. Which should be already out on opening weekend. Or wait to open.Just ate at Cotoletta and was so impressed. Delicious meal, great atmosphere, and wonderful service. In addition to their regular menu, they had amazing specials. They do not have the built up huts but we were perfectly warm with the multiple heaters they have scattered around. Will go back again soon!Perfection. Definitelt an understated Italian restaurant in the city. Specializing in chicken and veal cutlets. Their special 'cotoletta stack' comes with a sample of all. They do a great job with seafood as well. Staff is friendly, and nice atmosphere inside and out. Highly recommend.In this case, we over judged a book by its cover.  Cool and hip from the outside figured I'd give it a shot, we dropped a c-note on a just OK meal. Shannon was actually really really good.
Started off with an order of the meatball appetizer, really nice texture not overly breadcrumbed and not too wet, had a nice sauce that needs a bit more bite.
The second course we shared the arugula salad, unfortunately, they were out of artichokes so we had chopped tomatoes put on in place; all fresh ingredients certainly tasty.
For our main, we shared the Cioppino, a seafood dish with mussels, clams, shrimp, and pasta with red sauce. Fresh seafood, but the sauce was lacking flavor profile, really could use more of a bite and I did put red pepper flakes on it but wasn't enough as it was a little on the watery side.
Felt food was overpriced for the presented flavor profile.  Is good but was not wow, we are running back wow.  
Miss BYOB, ended up dropping $30 on two glasses of wine.  While they have a low cost at $9/glass. We chose the Gavi, a great wine that outshined the meal.Ate outdoors with heat lamps -- comfy despite it being chilly. Highly recommend the stack-- it's a great way to try everything and is enough for lots of leftovers! Also enjoyed the lemon cake! Our waitress (who is the daughter of the owner) was so helpful in picking the perfect meal!Beautiful outdoor seating with heat lamps next to the park!  Service was very friendly and attentive.  I expected a great chicken cutlet and the stack absolutely exceeded my expectations.  Crispy, spicy, cheesy, perfection! I wouldn't call this place Italian-American, but rather Philadelphia-Italian done really well.It has me shook to my core that this restaurant is coined the best chicken cutlets in Philly. Now, I didn't think it was bad, but that is a bold statement and I do not feel like it is true. The cutlets are super thin - more breading than meat. Who the heck likes that? Newsflash - I don't!!!  I will say the portions are generous for the price. It is reasonable. But, again not the best. I got the chicken parm, by the way.
The vibes are good. Its located in Fitler Square. We came for a birthday with a large group and they were able to accommodate which is always nice - so FYI if you have a large party, this may be the spot. It was a Sunday night and it wasn't too crowded in the restaurant. I will say its a quiet spot so our very loud group definitely made a scene. 
Service was great. Don't have much to say there, besides that. 
In all - an okay spot. May come back, but wouldn't be mad to not LOL.Ordered from caviar. The chicken marsala tasted like flour. There was no season. The chicken piccata also tasted like flour, no seasoning and barely any flavor of lemon. The chicken parm  was dry and barely had any red sauce! The caesar dressing was good, the ariugala salad was good but small for $14!
Will not go here again. I am not sure why people feel this is great Italian food, really? I am Italian. I can give them my recipes.I bookmarked this restaurant on Yelp and was excited to celebrate my friend's birthday, here. I think I was expecting fresh pastas, red sauces or creamy sauces and sausage dishes. This isn't that. I just found out that cotoletta means cutlet which makes sense, because it's that. I ordered the chicken piccata and I missed the capers. The pasta was just ok. I tried the chicken parmigiana ordered by one of my dining partners and the breading was good but the sauce was too sweet for my taste. We ordered some wine and had a good time in a sweet location.First time ordering. Ordered online with caviar. Absolutely delicious. I had several specifications and they were very accommodating. Super fresh and flavorful. Top italian spot in the city.Really cute place. The food is good but like most places they are short staffed. I often think I should sit at the bar for better service. The waiter made up for the slow service by giving us a round of drinks for free. The meatball app was really and chicken Milanese and parm were delicious. We will be backMade a reservation for indoor dining tonight (Saturday) a couple nights ago. We read that it was vaccinated only indoors, which appealed to us. They only had high top tables available so we got one of those since we didn't want to chance it with bar seating. Our table was ready right at 7 when we arrived and though I was nervous about a high top, the chairs were super comfy. If not for the slightly wobbly table it would have been perfect. The plates are hand painted it seems -- very cute.
I ordered the Pinot grigio and chicken Milanese; husband went with the Stack and a Heineken and we shared the mussels. Drinks were as expected. Mussels were DELICIOUS -- we asked for more bread to soak up that buttery soupy sauce mess. 
Our entrees were a little delayed (as was our second round of drinks), but when they arrived they were perfect. The Milanese comes with 3 breaded pieces of chicken -- a massive portion size -- and a bit of salad with arugula, tomatoes, and onions. It was really refreshing and for a 70-degree day in December it was perfect -- the chicken was crispy but not dry. My husband's Stack was really delicious but he could only finish maybe 1/3 of it because it was so rich. The long hots really add some necessary flavor/spice to all the breading, cheese, and sauce.
The reason for only 4 stars for a seemingly perfectly evening is because of that ratchet bathroom! Omg. Y'all. We used the bathroom on the far side of the bar (closer to Pine Street) and it needed so much help. The door locked and the toilet flushed but everything else was broken somehow -- laughably so. The toilet paper dispenser was empty but a few mostly-used rolls were strewn about to use. The soap dispenser didn't work or was empty but there were two oversized bottles of foaming soap on the tiniest sink I have ever seen (I almost knocked one off while washing). The hand dryer worked but there were paper towels on the top so I actually assumed it didn't work and used the towels. (Husband confirmed before leaving the hand dryer worked -- gender neutral restroom.) The trash can lid was broken and askew. There was a hook on the back of the door that was broken. That poor bathroom. Someone help her. Or did she sign a DNR? Thoughts and prayers.
Other than that, and despite the delay in getting our dinner/second round -- an absolute joy coming here and I am sure we will be back some day.Wonderful brunch mid-Covid. Well spaced outdoor seating. Delicious food. Will be back.We've been strictly ordering their food as takeout for dinners and have yet to be disappointed. Wonderful sauce flavors and large serving sizes (which we feel justifies the price and leaves us with several days of left overs from a single entree per person). The Cioppino is an incredibly large serving of seafood with a lovely light but flavorful sauce. The chicken milanese is to die for -- amazing breading and texture. The staff are always pleasant and quick when we come to pick up our order. We will definitely continue to support this lovely local restaurant.I was excited to try this place based on the good reviews but I have to admit it was not my favorite. The appetizers (meatballs, & hot longs) were great but I went with the linguine & clams as my entree and was not particularly impressed. There were very few clam shells and majority imitation clam which I don't mind in moderation/mixed with real clams but this was a bit overwhelming. I'll likely go back to give it another shot & I plan to order one of the chicken dishes as that seems to be more their strong suit.Excellent food, great atmosphere, super friendly, knowledgeable and engaging staff. Ask for Cinddi!!!I have been missing Philly's Italian restaurants so I decided to order some Italian food from Cotoletta. I ordered the Veal Parm, which came with rigatoni and bread. The portions were huge. Two large pieces of veal and plenty of rigatoni. I was happy to have this meal for 2 days because it was delicious. Italian food done right! The veal is on the thin side, which is the only thing that puts it a notch below the very best veal parm. The breading to veal ratio isn't perfect. But it was seasoned and cooked perfectly with just the right amount of cheese & sauce. The rigatoni was cooked perfectly as well, with just the right amount of sauce. The bread was a nice unexpected touch. I'm looking forward to sitting down to a meal at Cotoletta once this pandemic is over.Tasty food and good service! The food came out pretty quickly and the tomato sauce was solid. I had the classic cotaletta stack as well as a tiramisu. It was one of those tiramisus dunked in coffee which i personally prefer. The (actual) cup of coffee I had with my dessert was super lukewarm which was a bummer but overall I would go again!This is one of my favorite places to go have a drink. The bartenders are very friendly and they make some mean cocktails. And I am particular about my cocktails. I like them a certain way, made from scratch, without cutting corners. I highly recommend their margaritas (made by the tall, blond bartender - I am ashamed I do not recall his name), cosmopolitans  (had them on a many occasions, made by several bartenders) and old fashioneds. 
I can't really comment much on the food, as I only ate there twice: on a summer night, when my husband was travelling I went in and after a cocktail, I felt hungry. I had a special: a spaghetti with shrimp, tomatoes and mozzarella dish (I do have problems recalling the name of the dish, apologies). I paired it with a nice Aglianico wine. I thoroughly enjoyed it. So much so, that about a few weeks later, I walked in and asked for the same dish. It was as lovely as the first time I had it. The shrimp is plentiful. The tomatoes are sweet and the mozzarella beautifully completes the dish. 
The ambiance, the staff and everyone in this place including customers have made my many visits here lovely. I highly recommend it.My husband and I had a very nice dinner at Cotoletta a couple weekends ago. I made reservations in advance and we were seated at a high top table alongside the bar. Normally I might protest for a regular table, but the chairs were super roomy and comfortable and the table was just big enough to fit everything. The restaurant is on the loud side overall so I think this table might actually be ideal for a date night vibe. 
We were given some fresh bread and olive oil to start, and we ordered the meatballs and caesar salad to share. Everything was really good; I'd order all of these again. For our mains, we decided to share the chicken parmesan and branzino. There were a couple specials that sounded fantastic; I would love to go back to try more of the menu. 
The mains were nice. I personally thought the branzino still had a lot of bones in it; I was pulling out little bones with every bite. The garlic green beans that came alongside were really delicious! The chicken parm was very nice but the accompanying side of pasta could have used some more sauce. I'm always down for more sauce but this is a personal preference. 
We ordered some coffees and my husband was surprised when I said I didn't want to look at the dessert menu. What he didn't know at the time was that we were on a time crunch; I was leading him to his surprise birthday party after our dinner! I must have been pretty distracted, because I left my credit card at the restaurant. Our server left me a voicemail later that night and my husband swung by the next day to pick up the card.  
Overall, great addition to the neighborhood and I'm really looking forward to going back to try more of the menu. Next time, with dessert!Stopped by for drinks and an appetizer, so my experience is limited but even from that limited experience I can tell that......The place is expensive!!!!!!!!!!!!
3 beers, 1 glass of wine, 1 iced tea, 1 club soda (they don't have normal sparking water....) and 1 appetizer (including taxes and tip): 75$???????
The appetizer was not great....the bell peppers had so much garlic that we couldn't eat them, the Parmesan was ok (after all it is a cheese, comes in a package) and literally 1/2 grilled artichoke split in 2...I'm leaving this so hopefully the owner sees it. 
4 of us went to dinner last night. We got there right on time and only 2 minutes before we were seated.  Great!
The table they gave us was literally night next to a register and very, very close to the kitchen. Noisy and uncomfortable for me who was sitting closest.  People walking by me and standing very close to me all night. I normally wouldn't care or even mention this, but there was a much nicer table about 8 feet away that is obviously a better table. I didn't say anything because I thought maybe it was reserved. NO ONE SAT THERE THE WHOLE TIME WE WERE THERE! Why give us a bad table when a nice one is just sitting there empty?
Service was pretty bad. We got our water and drinks in pretty good time, but wanted more water and drinks. No one came over to see how we were doing. We had to waive down our waiter every time we wanted a drink. He didn't want to help us, at least that's the feeling I got. 
Apps came out pretty quick and we're delicious. Stuffed long hots and meatballs, chicken and beef. It took forever to get the plates cleared, then a long time for our entrees. Then 3 entrees came out and we had to wait 5 minutes for the 4th. 5 minutes may not seem like a long time, but when you're hungry and your food is staring at you but you're waiting for everyone to get their food, it's like a lifetime. Food was delicious.
Then it took forever once we were done for them to clear the plates and see if we wanted dessert.  We didn't.
I live within walking distance and probably won't be back until the bar opens back up for seating.Pasta and meatballs for my children took over an hour.  Bronzino was greasy, over seasoned and terrible.Best cutlets ever!!!! Service was the best, drinks were awesome and I could eat this chicken parm for days!!!We popped in on a Monday night for a quick dinner. We ordered drinks, they were perfect. We got the stuffed long hots as an appitzer, they were delicious! My wife got the halibut and I got the shrimp with vegetables.  Both were excellent. The food came out at the perfect time and the prices weren't crazy.  This may be my new place! Give it a try.I was excited to try Cotoletta as it's right on the beautiful square. I must say I was less than thrilled with my meal. The bread was a bit bland, as was my pasta. Service was good and the seating was nice. I wouldn't come just for the food, though. Although I didn't have a drink, I'm sure it's a great place to have a nice glass of wine or cocktail.The stack was amazing. A big portion and you get to try a lot of the things on the menu. Long hots added a nice touch of heat. Rigatoni and meatballs were alright, nothing special to write home about but you could taste that the pasta was fresh.Great spot for outdoor seating during COVID. It's right by the park which is beautiful, and they have comfy chairs. I ordered the clams and linguine and was not disappointed! The clams tasted fresh, and for an extra bonus- they added MORE clams! I also ordered the Caesar salad which was average, but tossed really well for us. The servers were very nice, and provided great service. I loved it!We were excited that we found a restaurant in our neighborhood that we have not been to yet, but we were quite disappointed by the food.
We made reservations for four of us on New Year's Eve. The place was crowded and every table was full. The restaurant has a cute ambience and has a very comfortable feel, I did not feel like we were crowded by our neighbors. 
Our table was ready right away, but the service was a bit slow. We ordered some cocktails from their specialty cocktail menu and all of them were fantastic! The cocktails were definitely the highlight of our meal.
We started off with a few appetizers - The meatball with ricotta and the special warm octopus salad. The meatballs were on the dry side and nothing special. However, the warm octopus salad was the best food item we ate here! The octopus was cooked perfectly tender and it came on a bed of deliciously blistered and well spiced tomatoes. 
For entrées, we got the chicken Parm, the veal piccata, the eggplant Parmesan, and the veal Milanese. We were all a bit disappointed with our entrées (although the portions were nicely sized). The spaghetti that came under the veal piccata was cold - the only part of the spaghetti that was hot was the portion that was sitting right underneath the veal. You could tell it was sitting out cold and they had just threw it on the plate. The spaghetti was also overcooked. The pasta and red sauce that came with the eggplant Parmesan and the chicken Parmesan tasted like raw garlic. I love me some garlic, but this was pretty much eating raw garlic. It didn't taste like it has been cooked at all. 
Although we did not really enjoy the food, we did have a nice night- Our server was very nice and friendly and the bartenders also made us Espresso martinis which were not on the menu.NommingNomad Approved!
I walked in here on a Sunday for brunch and was seated promptly. It is a cute space. Unfortunately it was too chilly to sit outside. They have a lot of interesting options on the menu but I saw the lemon ricotta pancakes calling out to me. So I ordered that and didn't wait for long before the pancakes were in front of me, looking so tempting.
There were three really fluffy lemon ricotta pancakes topped with a blueberry compote which was perfection. The pancakes were one of the best I've ever had. I have to go back to try their dinner and will definitely recommend this place to anyone who asks.
Such a win!tl;dr this Filter Square ristorante serves up some solid cutlets and cocktails -- albeit for a less-than-palatable premium
"Cotoletta" is the Italian word for cutlet. So Cotoletta's specialty dish should come as no surprise. This ristorante sports a prime location at the corner of Filter Square and takes full advantage of the adjacent sidewalk space. But outdoor diners, be warned -- cars and buses will be within an arm's length from the tables beside the street. Aim instead to sit at the tables along the restaurant's wall.
My partner and I stopped by Cotoletta on a rare Philly day of magnificent weather. Room-temperature water and bread were quickly brought to our table. The bread, similarly room temperature, reminded me of a middle-of-the-road hoagie roll -- but the oil had a delectable combination of Italian spices.
We opted for a Sami's Way cocktail and "The Stack" to share. The cocktail (limoncello, blood orange, and vodka) was reminiscent of a Creamsicle, in a refreshingly yummy way. But even nostalgia couldn't justify the $14 charge for a hilariously small glass, filled mostly with ice. On the other hand, the Stack consisted of hearty sausage-stuffed long hots, slathered with provolone and house marinara and then sandwiched between a chicken cutlet and an eggplant cutlet. Despite a description that sounds closer to a monstrosity than upscale fare, each element of The Stack was relatively easy to tease apart. The cutlets erred slightly on overly-breaded but were cooked nicely and were contrasted by the tangy marinara. The plate came with a complimentary side of rigatoni and marinara, which fell somewhere between mediocre and forgettable. Service throughout the evening was prompt and pleasant.
Topping out at just over $60 total (after tax and tip), the meal left us feeling mild-to-moderately full and with about the same degree of satisfaction. Cotoletta operates on the classic Rittenhouse restaurant model: premium prices, stellar location, and middling food. If the meal was $10 cheaper, I think I'd be a repeat player. But at the current prices, there are cheaper and tastier Italian options in Philly.Food was amazing.  Sat outside overlooking Filter Square.  Server was very attentive and helped us out with the menu. 
Pros: 
Come for the Cutlets and the Cutlet special with longhots and eggplant. 
Amazing location. Finally something is open on the square. 
Cons:
Somewhat limited menu.  Pretty pricey.This was an amazing place for a big group. Their chicken cutlets did not disappoint! They are thin, large, and delicious! We started with several bottles of red wine and the antipasti. Nearly everyone at the table got the chicken parm which was the way to go. I do wish a little more pasta came with it, but the portion of chicken parm was huge! We came for a birthday, so of course we finished off with the chocolate torte and ice cream which the birthday girl enjoyed. Service was quick and while small, accommodated a group of 11 with ease. I'll be back!I tried Cotoletta late on a Monday night. It was pretty empty, but they still kept their seating open outside and inside and it wasn't packed at all. They have a late night happy hour menu that starts at 9pm, which is great if you're nearby since they close at 10pm. 
I ordered a glass of red wine and the chicken Parmesan. The chicken Parmesan was really good, but it wasn't the best I've ever had. I would go back here again if I ever feel like Italian and am close by or during happy hour for their deals.I so wanted to love Cotoletta.  It's a nearby restaurant, it got a great review from Craig Laban, a food writer for the Inquirer, and the portions were said to be generous.  Unfortunately I was disappointed, as were my dining companions.  Let's start with the service.  It was sloooooooow.  I mean paint-drying slow.  It took at least 10-15 minutes to get water; we asked several times for more water, and it was finally delivered after another lengthy wait.  The waitress brought our bottle of wine and 1 of the 2 cocktails ordered by 2 of my companions; she had to return several minutes after the first drinks were served to serve the last cocktail.  The wine was fine, but the guys were not very impressed with their cocktails, which were on the list of specialty cocktails.  
The appetizers were slow in being delivered.  When we ordered we asked for extra garlic in our muscles in white wine; there was no garlic taste.  One companion ordered the clams, and she said they were over-salted (and she loves salt).  My husband's meatballs were "fine."
The entrees were eh.  I had the branzino.  It was fresh, but it needed more seasoning, like balsamic vinegar, capers, olives, or all of the above.  The Cotoletta Stack, a house specialty that Craig LaBan recommended, was pedestrian at best, according to the male diners.  The veal masala needed more masala.
Maybe it was just a bad night, but we are not eager to return, especially given the price we paid.