What a great, humble experience!!! Came here after my college graduation - it was 8:00 (an hour before their closing time) so we gave them a call to see if they would accommodate our 9 person party.. From that phone call up until dessert.. Everything was absolutely incredible. Have not had such outstanding service in a LONG time (and this is coming from someone who is in the service industry) They gave us everything we needed plus more! Our waitress was a doll and the owner was so welcoming. We stayed way past close and they treated us like gold the entire time. The food was absolutely delicious as well. I posted pics of our yummy shrimp scampi and cannolis. Definitely recommend - it's our neighborhood gem. Thank u!!!I remember going here at its old location with great memories of their seafood and pasta.  So my boyfriend decided to go the other night since it has moved about two stores down on S. Broad.  The quality of the food has declinded considerably.  I got a chicken meal and my boyfriend  got some veal.  Both were very bland.  The asparagus that accompanied my dish was steamed to an extreme, leaving nothing but limp mushy strings of green.  
Pros: When we sat down, we were served some delicious bruschetta and mushrooms on toast.  Also the waitresses working there are fun,  sassy, older dolled up "chicks."Food is just ok. I did not like the meatballs. Too fine and thick in consistency. Service by our particular waitress was not very good. We waited a while for a server, and the waited a pretty long time for the food to arrive. Once she delivered the food she never once stopped back to ask if we needed anything. There are plenty of better Italian restaurants in Philly to go to.in a word...awful...
here are some details...
. canned slimy mushrooms served warm with ok bread
. salad - cut iceberg lettuce, some grated carrots, 2 paper thin rings of  onion with 2 packaged croutons
. salad dressing - 3 bottles placed on the table - oil, red vinegar and
balsamic - all without the slightest taste so perhaps they were just
filled with colored water
. way overpriced special of salmon with spinach, melted mozzarella(?)
and supposed crab meat. Reminded my son of his school's cafeteria.
. salty, soggy, over cooked vegetables
. waitress came back to correct a $2 overcharge.  Frankly $2 should have
been the total cost of our three dinners...Love this place great food and service. Had the lobster ravioli. The atmosphere is cool nice place to bring a dateI thought Criniti was just OK. The menu was basic Italian fare that reminded me of Italian restaurants from the 70s. Our waitress was great, the atmosphere was nice, but the food was average. No one at the table was overly impressed, but no one hated their dish either.Great food, check.
Great service, check.
Romantic, check.
If you want great italian food, attentive service and a romantic setting... go here.
The Ravioli was delicious and the meatballs are to die for.  IF you like your meatballs juicy and packed with flavor, you must get one.  I mean I hate meatballs and I enjoyed every bite.
The sauce was delicious.  I am not a fan of red sauce and that is because it's hard to fine someone who makes a red sauce like my mom.  My mom's is still better but Criniti's does a great job of packing flavor into each bite.
I highly recommend this place.I don't really understand why this restaurant has any good reviews. My friends and I were running late on a Friday night and we didn't end up getting to Criniti until around 8ish. Apparently they close at 9 but didn't bother telling us when we walked in. We noticed that we received weird glances when we walked in but didn't think much of it. Our waitress hurried us to order and informed us that they would be closing soon. I'm sorry but I don't  like being rushed when I am going out to enjoy a nice meal at a restaurant. Since clearly we didn't know they closed so early and they were rushing, why didn't they bother telling us and we could have found another place to go to? I also noticed that the crowd that was there was much older and my friends and I felt really out of place. 
I did not enjoy the food at all. The lettuce in my salad was not cut up and the only dressing was oil and vinegar that was on the table. The pasta was bland and had a horrible sauce and their food was mediocre. I was not happy when I left that place and I will not be going back again.First off the wait staff are great. Being originslly from south philly reninds of what great south philly restaurants are all about.  I have been coming here for 15 years and never had a bad time. 
The food is consistent old school ltalian.
If you love good Italian dont psss this by.
If going to a night game at the linc or citizens bank this is the place to go.Delicious! We went to Criniti for my friend's birthday dinner, and we all loved it! The complimentary mushrooms they gave us at the beginning of the meal were amazing. A warning, though--you will want more, and it costs 7 or 8 bucks for another order of mushrooms. Every part of the meal was yummy. I had the chicken parm and it was the best ever! Thin and tender with lots of sauce! We were all very pleased with the experience at Criniti.
One more thing: Good luck finding parking around the restaurant! We lucked out and got a spot right across the street, but South Philly parking is not usually that easy!!My friend and I ordered take out from here.  I ordered the eggplant parm dinner, which it provides enough food for three nights of dinner.  It comes complete with crappy side salad (sorry, I just hate salads that use iceberg), a pasta of your choice with sauce, your main entree in my case, eggplant parm, and garlic bread.  The food was pretty damn good.  The only complaint I had was from my friend who went to pick it up.  She said, it wasn't ready and we definitely waited over the estimated time.  It took her a good 15-20 minutes to get back after leaving and she lives less than 5 minutes away.  Delivery, unfortunately, would've taken even longer.Great value for weekday lunch buffet. Only recommendation is to keep the food warmer and to offer some more desserts. For the price, it is still pretty good.I am a native of South Philly--now..out in California--for a few months--
-
I;ve been a diner-at Criniti---Since..Benito--opened up..in 1985---
Really "top of the line"  home made..  Italian food  (and--as an Italian/American..I know)--luv their ravioli..& great marinara--If you want to try a different sauce--ask Ben,..to prepare a "Putanesca  sauce"-
Good service..too, with George & Michelle..& Ben stops around to see if all..is..OK--
--Give it a try--I miss eating there--RichardHands down best chicken and veal parm in the city or anywhere!  Most everything else is good, Owner Massamo is great; salad is a bit of a let down we know and yeah they should stop charging for refills of Iced Tea!  But really the Parm is the best!!!  Prove me wrong!Waitress Lowe's absolutely ignorant barely spoke and gave unnecessary attitude during the ordering process reset 410 minutes before her first appearance to the table while asking questions about the food we were given very short cocky answers that didn't help answer any of the questions that we had 1 speed came out the mood has been ruined are house salads were nothing but lettuce and carrots no dressing fried shrimp was overcooked and hard eggplant parm was thrown in casserole plates baked and Soggy absolutely disgusting and chicken Cascada was dry and unappetizing to look at the manager was very nice but tried to up our children dishes to make up for taking off the adults do not recommend at allGood service and good food! We didn't even need to ask the staff for a refill of bread... It just came out to us.  A complimentary bowl of mushrooms was a great welcome. I ordered the baked manicotti, and it was very well done. The salad was a little disappointing, just some house greens of questionable freshness thrown into plate. 
Portions are quite large, so be ready to carry a box back home. It's quite a small restaurant, so it could get a little noisy, but nothing at the level that bothers you.
I recommend this place to anyone looking for an Italian place in South Philly that is away from the typically noisy college crowds.This place serves simple, but decent Italian dishes at a reasonable price (especially for the large portion sizes). They have a wide selection of homemade pastas and many meat dishes. They are happy to accommodate vegetarians by switching out sauces.
The food was hit or miss. The eggplant parm was cheesy and delicious, and the bread they served was warm, crispy, and fresh. However, the side salad that came with my entree left a lot to be desired. It was iceberg lettuce with random veggies served with plain balsamic and vinegar. Overall pretty blah and not well thought out. The mushroom dish was also quite cold and insipid.
The staff was really friendly even though it was a busy night, and they even gave us complimentary mushrooms (glad they were free since they weren't the tastiest) 
Easy to get to using the broad street line since it is right off of Oregon station.Sorry for the delayed warning!  I attempted to go to a family dinner here last Saturday and was not really surprised when the service we received prior to even taking our seats was so atrocious I left!  I have lived in South Philly for 34 years and have never enjoyed a meal here and now their service is just as bad!!!!If there were more stars i'd give em. My favorite restaurant for as long as I can remember. I may live in NY now but i still dream of the honest So Philly goodness that Crinitis offers. This delish family restaurant now in a gorgeous church has a menu rich with Italian classics. 
They start you off with complimentary marinated mushrooms yum! It may have moved locations but haven't lost the taste. Wish i could order from them now...
Best dish: baked rigatoni paired with montepulciano
If you are in South Philly its a must!I used to live near Criniti and I have to say, it is an absolute privilege to be so close to such a great establishment.  They make the best Alfredo sauce ever.  It's a little expensive and they do have weird-ish hours (I mean, am I spoiled to expect a restaurant to be open later since I'm a late eater?) but its really good and it doesn't really matter, I suppose.
I went there for a date and it was a pretty good date restaurant.Great food, service & atmosphere!
Ate here 11/3/13 and very pleased that our 1st choice was booked.  Stopped in about 4pm and lucky we did because it got PACKED.  
We ordered lasagna (delish and that's coming from someone who does not like meat in their lasagna). Stuffed shells were amazing as was the chicken Marsala and chicken special.  
Saved room for desert...,cannoli & choc cake which were equally fantastic. 
The service was great with the exception of waiting just a little for our check. But by that time it was a full house.  Super nice staff & owner came around more than once which made us feel like family!
Will definitely visit again next time I'm in Philly.Try the eggplant even if you never liked it before.I have only ever been here for lunch with colleagues, but they have a great selection of lunch specials at a very reasonable price. It used be a church and has a very pretty stained-glass window in the dining room.Criniti does standard South Philly Italian food well.  I would recommend getting dishes with their homemade pasta over anything else.  This is a great place to bring a large group if you make reservations ahead of time.  This would also be a good place to bring kids - I think I remember that they have a children's menu which may help if you have a fussy eater on your hands. 
They run out of cannoli fairly early in the evening, so don't get your hopes set on them.A recent trip back to Philly a few weeks ago reminded me how awesome this place is.  Located in South Philly, about a mile from the stadium complex, Criniti's has been around for years, although the recently moved into an old church.  While the ambiance of the new location isn't the same as the older, much smaller place, the new digs are cleaner, more spacious and better arranged.
Ambiance aside, you come here for the food.  And all of it is AWESOME!  I've never had a bad meal here, but I recommend the baked pastas (cavatelli, lasagna, meat tortellini or raviolli).  Great red sauce, good bread and the marinated mushrooms they put at the table seem to disappear in about 5 seconds.
For Italian food, the pricing is super reasonable.  Three of us got out of there, with a wine purchase, for about $75.  Anytime I'm back in Philly it's a must stop and one of the few things I actually miss about living there.This is a capable traditional South Philly Italian eatery. All the usual staples are there, pasta, veal, fish, etc. We liked the mussels in red sauce quite a bit, the Rigatoni Mama Mia was very good as well. The food wasn't exceptional but it was quite acceptable.. This is your traditional Checkered tablecloth Italian place without the tablecloths.5 stars I wish it could be 10. Great food cousin Benny :)My wife spoke highly of this place. So i gave it a shot. Friendly staff. Service was great. Food was just ok. Got a caesar salad to start. It would have been really good if the lettuce wasn't wet. Made the dressing watery. Then got ravs and meatballs. To me the meatballs were kind of bland. Great size but lacked flavor. The ravs seemed to be frozen not home made. They were perfectly cut and very white not a off white with home made pasta. Marinara sauce was great. Overall a three star.Went here years ago and remember it being quite good, though, I cannot even begin to recall what I ordered. Would love to come again sometime.Found them on Yelp and decided to give it a try before a Phillies game. The restaurant was clean and the dining room was comfortable. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The house wines were a nice pour and tasted great with our homemade pasta dishes! There was a small problem with an appetizer and the server handled it immediately without a moments pause. The owner/manager stopped by to check on us a couple of times and to apologize for the error... even offered Limoncello to make up for it! There is a real family feel in this place. They really care if you enjoy yourself and truly want you to come back. I highly recommend the cavatelli... delicious!  We will be back.One of the best known red gravy restaurants in South Philly is Criniti's.  This deep South Philly restaurant on Broad Street occupies a former church so be prepared for a beautiful stained glass window when you walk into the dining room ... especially if you are dining in daylight hours on a sunny day.  One of the best-value lunch menus is offered up at Criniti's from Monday to Friday.  For little more than ten dollars you get an appetizer, bread basket, entrée, and pasta.  Now tell me where you can beat that.  And all the food is pretty good as well.  I recently enjoyed a lunch consisting of a salad, their delicious in-house baked bread, a chicken piccata with brocolli rabe and a penne topped in red gravy.   It's one of the best ten dollars I've ever spent!The bread and the mushrooms were delicious. Unfortunately, that's as far as we got. The host told us that "if we were patient" we would be able to see our waitress and get food in time for the 730 show time we had to make. 
In 20 mins, the waitress never came once, and the water girl refilled us 3 times. It tools us 15 mins to convince the water girl to just bring us a basket of bread. 
In order to make our show, we had to walk out. I hope to go back at some point.Place gets packed before events but clears out. Great food, atmosphere and price is very reasonable. The waitress are Philly Italian through and through. Have gone here multiple times and it's a sure bet.My favourite Italian restaurant in S Philly.  A beautiful restaurant built out of a church, and outstanding dinners and deserts, with a friendly staff.  Very reasonably priced for great authentic Italian food.So you're walking down Broad, minding your own business, and you see a sign for Criniti. You've heard of it before and you think to yourself "Hmm I'm gonna give this place a whirl..." You look around for the door. It's nowhere to be found. Just the entrance to a church next to a bulletin board presumably displaying upcoming parish events. After a few confusing minutes you realize that yes, indeed, the 'church' is actually Criniti. So you venture inside, tell the waitress at the pulpit that you want a table, and you're seated in a sanctuary surrounded by stained glass. This is no ordinary sanctuary though, this is the sanctuary of semolina. The holy house of penne. The sacred grounds of gnocchi. The blessed site of so many spaghetti miracles they've lost count. This is Criniti, the holy father of pasta. 
Try the Penne alla Vodka, heaven on a plate.
God bless Criniti.Great place to go if you are craving simple Italian that won't break the bank! Huge portions, you will definitely take home leftovers. Only complaint is that the bread Could be a little softer, but even the bread was good!I really dig this spot that is located in what used to be a church.  The brocolli rabe with pasta is so amazing that I have ordered it both times I have gone.  Writing this review makes me want to visit a third time.  Haven't had any desserts.Recommend the Spaghetti Aglio e Olio.........on the bland side but once you add salt and grated cheese to your liking, phenomenal!  And, the spaghetti is always done perfectly al dente.
Shrimp Parmiagiana.........you can smell the wine in the sauce..........great!
Did NOT like the baked ziti......ricotta cheese mixed throughout and it looked like a big old mess.........not tasty either.  Did not like their roasted pepper appetizer..........it would be a lot better if it were not SO DARN SALTY!!!!!!!!!
Also don't like the fact that this place does not offer any salad dressing............you are stuck with plain old vinegar and olive oil.  The bread, however, is FABULOUS!!!!!!!!!!!A hidden gem on Broad St.  another restaurant had mishandled our reservations and Criniti was able to squeeze our party in.  For starters the bread and peppers were perfect so much so didn't need to order any appetizers.  Chicken Francios and Veal Park were the two most popular entrees were ordered and no one had any leftovers.  We ate every last drop.  Quite a feat.  Portions were large and the pasta on the side was cooked perfectly.  Gravy was just right.  Service was 10/10.   I would return there next time in South Philly.I have been here for lunch several times. This is a great place for a large group to do the buffet. 
If you order instead of the buffet, all bets are off. 
The service is friendly and attentive. 
The salad is gross: iceberg, carrots, and onions with some oil. It doesn't taste like much. 
The Italian food is average. Typical pasta and breaded meats and vegetables. The bread is good.Criniti's is a no fuss, no muss Italian restaurant in South Philadelphia that has very good food at a very reasonable price. The staff is always very friendly, considerate, and attentive. Their pasta, lasagna, various parmigianas, and calimari are all quite good and their table bread is excellent. Street parking never seems to be too bad, plus they are located only one block north of the Oregon stop on Broad Street Line. (An added bonus, if you are going to or coming from the stadiums on a spring/summer game day is that Pop's Water Ice is around the corner on Oregon.)Traditional South Philly Italian - the menu was extensive which made it hard to choose among the great dishes, but I went with the veal piccatta which was amazing and came in huge portions.  The side of penne and homemade gravy was also extremely good.  If you are looking for a great meal and very reasonable prices this is an excellent place.The mushrooms they bring out with the bread are amazing. We always order a large bowl of them on top of the small plate they give for free. I'm in love. The bread is great too, perfect crust and soft inside.The Caesar salad here is huge and good. Not my favorite but does the job nicely. So other than those mushrooms that I drool about, the gravy here is my favorite in the entire world. (Sorry Dad) I order rigatoni in gravy. They bring out this huge plate and although I shouldn't be able to eat that much, I find a way. My husband enjoys the lentil soup and is a fan of the chicken Parmesan. Service is always great. I wish I knew names but there are 2 waitresses there that remember us whenever we come in and are nice without being over the top. Love this place. Try it out.Recommend the Spaghetti Aglio e Olio.........on the bland side but once you add salt and grated cheese to your liking, phenomenal!  And, the spaghetti is always done perfectly al dente.
Shrimp Parmiagiana is pretty good........the shrimps are not breaded but a good size.........you can smell the wine in the sauce.
Did NOT like the baked ziti......ricotta cheese mixed throughout and it looked like a big old mess.........not tasty either.  Did not like their roasted pepper appetizer..........it would be a lot better if it were not SO DARN SALTY!!!!!!!!!
Also don't like the fact that this place does not offer any salad dressing............you are stuck with plain old vinegar and olive oil.  The bread, however, is FABULOUS!!!!!!!!!!!recommended by a friend so we went...
atmosphere - very nice - used to be an old church
service - fast efficient - not too much personality, but she got the job done
food - eh... it was okay.  nothing too great - I felt it was a bit overpriced for what you got.  Not saying the food was bad or anything like that - it was just overpriced.
It is BYOB during the week (Which we didnt know) so we purchased one of their bottles of wine - 30 bucks for something that was in the state store for 12. But as a heads up - if you go during the week, bring your own bottle!Very nice place and service and food was better then expected. Wine list is good and location was easy to get toBest chicken parm in the city.  Great red gravy Italian restaurant.  I have been going here since they were in the smaller place on the corner.Very Good Restaurant and you can always park your car with no trouble. Food is always consistant and the staff is friendly and attentive. Never had a bad expeirence here.Criniti's.  Is.  South Philly Italian.
It is regional, but average it is not.  It's quintessential.
The building is a real church, and you will sort of feel like you're at a pew when you're at the table.  But, in a good way.
I have eaten two plates of broccoli rabe in one sitting, by myself, in addition to my entrée.  It goes without saying that the bread is good.  (By "good", I mean good by a Philly standard, which outside of the NYC/Philly metro area translates to "REALLY good!")  It would be a miracle to have a place like this below the Mason-Dixon line.  This kind of place just does not exist outside of Fil-uffy-uh.
Anything on the menu is a safe bet, but you should get something with red (Sunday) gravy.  
You don't have to be a Delaware Valley paesan to appreciate this well-executed, authentic comfort food.  But if you are, Criniti's feels like home.  If you're as lucky as I am, you can sit with your whole family and watch the Phils on the one of the many TVs while you wait for your food.  Or, get everybody there for an early dinner before you head down the street to the ball park.  
Plus, when I come here, I get to do one of my most favorite things in the world, something else quintessentially Philly: I park right in the middle of Broad Street.This place is pretty great. The food isn't the best that South Philly has to offer, but that's not a knock against them. South Philly has some amazing places to eat. I've never had a bad meal from this place, not even a so-so meal. They've all been very good, just not mind blowing. The staff has always been very friendly when I went in, and the prices are pretty damn good. I don't go in very much any more, but only because I found out that they deliver. 
Yes, you can get a damn good Italian meal, complete with apps, sides and dessert. That alone makes them one of my favorite places.Wonderful menu. Way different dinning area, with the inner church feel. 
The bread the pasta the veal and the chicken were all wonderful.
Not your turn of the mill pasta sauce, stuff was like homemade, thick rich and a great flavor. Can't wait to go back, and eat there again.Amazing!  Love the eggplant parm.  I think about it all the time.  Very friendly waitstaff, down to earth, casual but beautiful.  The stained glass in this former church is gorgeous.  Cappuccino and dessert are incredible, too.Cousin Benny you got the best Italian food around everyone to come and try. Very clean and waitresses are great and friendly. It's byob I should just a nice red wine for dinner.As soon I walked in with my girlfriend there was a mop bucket with dirty water and smelled musty. The host wore jeans and an Eagles hoodie ( I'm all for the birds but if your a host at a so called nice restaurant, wear something nice) 
Got seated, there was only 1 other couple there. Now I know why. On their website they have a picture of the inside that shows a beautiful and colorful stained glass window. I'm not sure when that was taken but currently that window looks as if someone threw wet fecal matter at it and let it rust. Absolutely disgusting. The waitress came out to tell me the specials and included the price after every single one- who does that? 
We both got different chicken dishes and we both couldn't get past maybe 2 bites. It tasted like a whole pound of salt was dumped on it. I had the waitress take it away and I ordered a slice of cheesecake and a coffee to get the taste out of my mouth. The cheesecake literally tasted like a block of Philadelphia cream cheese with whipped cream on top. I ask for another coffee and they said sorry we dumped the pot and we're not making another one. This horrible experience cost me 70 dollars for 2. I will never come back to this dump and I'll let everyone know to stay far away. Go to Scaniccios or Ristorante Pesto for real food, accommodating staff and a good ambience.