A dear friend of mine is a barista at Crossroads and she makes 1. a really solid vanilla chai latte and 2. an awesome pandora setlist. The next morning we had breakfast omelets while indulging in some decemberists and built to spill. Mike provided excellent customer service throughout the entire experience. I wish there was a similar coffee shop in my area.The hours listed for them are not correct...I have been there on a Wednesday and a Saturday, and both times they closed at 5 pm. Just a heads up!I stopped by the Crossroads for lunch one day when I, much to my chagrin, discovered that Lenny's Hoagies is closed on Mondays. We were meandering back to the car when we saw Crossroads. A cursory glance over the menu affixed to the window revealed promise, so we decided to check it out.
The person working the front counter came over and took our orders and was very pleasant. He gave us our coffees (which were very good) and informed us that he would bring our food over to our table when it was ready.
The interior of the space was very nice - exposed beams, skylights, etc. Our food arrived promptly and was surprisingly good. We both had paninis and they were prepared well - grill marks on the bread, plenty of filling.
On the way out, a gentleman I presume to be the owner asked how we enjoyed our visit and if liked everything. We thought that was nice. 
Our visit was very pleasant and inexpensive and we plan to return.
There is a municipal lot located close to Crossroads (the same one I referenced in my review of Adobe Cafe), so you can park for free if you decide to visit.Had coffee and egg+cheese sandwich here on a Thursday morning. Line was short. Staff was friendly. Coffee was decent. And sandwich was good. Seems like it would be a good place to study.When househunting in Roxborough 2 years ago...I would stop here on our way to go to some open houses. It has been my go-to spot ever since. We ended up buying a house a few blocks away, so I often stop on my way home from work, or walk there on weekends and days off.
It didn't take long before the baristas and owner learned my name, and became very friendly. It's nice to go in somewhere and feel like a person, not just a customer.
I love the atmosphere...nice library/coffehouse vibe...and they always have good music (sometimes live!) playing.
I love having this little gem so close to home...and enjoy going for brunch on the weekends as well!This is one of those "don't always judge a book by it's cover" kind of places.
This is a little gem located right in the heart of Roxborough. Not only is the coffee really, really good- but the decor of this joint is just stellar. With natural light pouring down onto the main seating area from above, you'd swear you were in a library-- not a coffee shop in Roxborough. 
Well worth the drive to chill with a book and a latte. Nice.Great coffee and huge portion size breakfast sandwiches! Very serene setting with great music.Free wireless. OK coffee. A bit pricey for anything. Very cool atmostphere.  Music is a lot of soft rock 90s, kind of lame, but in a "making everyone happy" kind of way. The open mic nights are always entertaining... good for a laugh or two. Best place to do homework in rox/manayunk.Friendly service, good coffee, great old (shoe store) building, good light fare. I wish they opened 30 min's earlier, I would stop every morning.Pretty great service. Good lunch sandwiches, just ok breakfast. The coffee is the only terrible part. It's weak, gas station quality. Seriously. I can get green mountain blend at a local gas station or a bodega on my way to work. The thing is that they charge for it as if its hand brewed a cup at a time. Dunkin donuts taste for Starbucks prices.Great breakfast.  The stuffed french toast and hash brown casserole are really tasty.  The owner of the cafe is wonderful and very friendly.  They are really looking to please.Unfortunately they went out of business. It's a bummer, because I really liked this place.A Cute Atmosphere, Very Cozy, Quiet, Simple and Affordable.
Crossroads is such a cute little coffeehouse for the Roxborough area. A place to study, ready, listen to local bands play, meet up with a friend. The food and drinks are very, very, very, simple and plain, but still well put together and filling. If you are expecting anything more than 3 to 4 ingredients in a sandwiches, then its not it you. 
The pastries are yummy too. It looks really small from the outside, but bigger in the inside. It is still small, but very cozy and clean. The workers are friendly, and they bring your food to you on a tray if you are sitting down. Best place to go if you are close by.I have lived in Roxborough for the past four years only recently moving away and absolutely fell in love with Crossroads. I came back to PA and knew I had to visit for brunch, however as I drove by the Crossroads sign was gone and the storefront was cleared out. It's truly a shame that this place is gone!Amazing breakfast sandwiches. The brioche, bacon, egg and cheese is to die for. Also delicious coffees. Also free wifi. As close to a European cafe as it gets in Roxborough/Manayunk.I have been living in Manayunk for 5 months now and was pretty disappointed when Saxby's on Main St in Manayunk and Mugshots both closed...but then I read a review in the Roxborough/Manayunk Patch newspaper and locals had rated this the best coffee place so I was eager to check it out. I've now been coming every other Friday morning or so to work for a few hours here just to get out on my work-from-home day. The people are nice, the coffee is good, and my favorite is the atmosphere inside. It's kind of dark and cozy, with blue lights hanging over the individual side tables. There's been little occasional glitches with some of the outlets not working to charge my laptop, or the bathroom was broken briefly one day...but overall this is a really pleasant coffee shop and a place I enjoy coming and working from, and am eager to share it with the boyfriend and visiting friends/family!Main Street Awesomeness.
I like this place so much that after the first time I visited, I went back for lunch the next day! I am sad I didn't know about this place when I actually lived in Manayunk.
With a cool atmosphere, this is a great coffeehouse that is normally not too crowded. The menu has a great selection of sandwiches that are all delicious, which are served with chips or a banana (love it). The coffee and the service are great too.
Try: the Chocolate Chai Latte.I have been here twice with friends.  Everything about this place is a joke.  If anything, it is a quiet place to read, nothing more.  Based on the beautiful display case up front and the prices, you would assume everything is made fresh with premium ingredients.  Wrong!  The cashier told us that prepackaged food gets delivered every 2-8 days and they just reheat it.  And it definitely tastes that way.  Everything we got out of the display case was rock hard and/or stale.  The soups and sandwiches we got were spoiled/moldy.  Even the coffee was stale.  The cashier told us they keep leftover coffee from the previous day and reheat it in the microwave.  Seriously?!  Other than that, the cashier was incredibly unhelpful.  She had no knowledge of the menu.  She does not seat you or wait on you.  You order everything at the counter, pick up your own food, and bus your own table.  She does not even take/call your name, so you just have to watch for your order to appear on the counter.  Speaking of which, no one greets you when you first walk in either.  Combined with the really dim lighting, you would think the place was abandoned.  You have to wait for the cashier to leisurely appear from the back.  Then you are only greeted with apathy, impatience, and lots of eye-rolling.  Oh yeah, and an obvious scoff when you do not drop your change in the tip jar.  The atmosphere in the seating area isn't any better.  It is literally dead quiet in there.  Quieter than any library or museum I have ever been in.  If you make any noise whatsoever, you get lots of nasty stares and grumbling from the other customers.  It is awkward, uncomfortable, and unlike any other establishment I have been in.  It is such a shame because the architecture inside and natural light from the ceiling are so beautiful, it could be such an awesome place to hang out.I love this place because it is a better local alternative to the Starbucks a few blocks away. I give this place a generous 4 star rating for now because I feel they are still growing and establishing themselves as a coffee shop due to some new cashiers there (two girls I've noticed lately) who have messed up orders or take awhile to bring them to you. But they are very sweet and I think they are just new so I'm not really going to be picky about it because for the most part, I've had good experiences here. It is never crowded, usually a student is in there writing notes or on their computer. It is very pretty inside, great lighting, and very clean. If you are coming for the first time, I highly recommend coming on Saturday for their french toast brunch special using local Le Bus' bread...so delicious! Make sure you ask them to top it off with the season's berries. The smoothies could use some help so I don't recommend that, but their cupcakes, cheesecake, and hot coffee drinks are pretty amazing. Most of the workers are pretty friendly and eager to please which is why if they have failed to impress me in any previous meals (not that many, just a few), I always come back because they are so nice and it's a nice place to bring a book or your laptop.I was here to meet someone on Sunday.  The meeting ended up being canceled but I'm glad I went anyway.  I'm not a coffee drinker, but they had excellent fresh brewed iced tea, and a cooler full of soft drinks.  I didn't stay for lunch, but while I was waiting, the carrot cake caught my eye and I took home a piece.  Highly recommended - it was dense, with big pieces of nuts and cream cheese icing.
Although not advertised, there was free wifi.  The tables were small, but could be pushed together for larger groups.  Parking might be difficult at certain times.  The staff were friendly and helpful.A great local business! Fantastic atmosphere, great coffee, food, and the biggest cinnamon buns I've ever seen! Check it out!I've been meaning to check this place out and finally did! I loved their vanilla chai latte and breakfast sandwiches. Their portions are huge and the food was amazing. The service was excellent. I just loved everything about it! My only regret was why I waited so long. This will definitely become my home away from home.Hidden gem to read a book in the area. Quiet, comfy, good coffee and low volume jazz music playing.I actually really like this place. I love the location and the brunch samplings. I think their coffee is good, but it's not amazing and I would prefer something fair trade/organic. I had to knock off a couple of stars because they close early (2pm on Saturday??) and the staff is hit or miss with friendliness.The owner is extremely friendly and nice! He talked to me for a little bit and made me feel welcome in his amazing coffee house.
Got an Americano and a blueberry muffin, both delicious treats on a hot day.
The ambiance is really cool with an open second story library that overlooks the first floor. It's quiet, but not like a museum, very relaxing and conducive to study or read a book.
I will definitely come back!Again, just want to confirm how awesome Crossroads is...their coffee FAR surpasses that of its big chain competitors...and their food is great and reasonably priced.I came to try this out, without reading any reviews.  The decor is great and it definitely has the environment for a coffee house.  Quiet, books available to read, and they have an upstairs that looks like a library.  This would be a perfect place to go to read or study, if you don't like the crowded place of a franchised Starbucks.   Quick and friendly service.  
Their food is decent; they have a pick two (soup and sandwich) that was a great combination.  Their Sausage and Tortellini soup is good; it has a lot of stuff inside and not just soup.  The balsamic chicken in a panini bread was decent.
Surprisingly I didn't have their coffee, but I would go back to try it out, only for their coffee.Stopped by Crossroads Coffee House again and was glad I did. The ambiance is cute and the service was cheerful. They labelled the prices on the baked goods (reasonable) and the chai tea and decaf cappuccino were very good. I am comparing them to a recent visit to "Infusion" in Mount Airy that did not have any of the above.This is the best brioche I've ever had. I dream about it. Great to sit in there and read or hang out. The building is really cool. It used to be an old shoe store. Coffee is good too!Nice local coffee spot, the coffee is good, and the food is solid.  The desserts are actually better than solid, however, not spectacular.  Mike the barista is a bit quirky, but in a good way.   This place usually is relatively filled on the weekends.  I wish the hours are a better though, I can't recall what the exact hours are but I do know it's not that late.Came here on a weekday when I was working from home but wanted to get out of the house and find a quiet spot to work and enjoy some coffee.  Thought I would try Crossroads as an alternative to Starbucks.  The coffee is pretty good and the veggie omelet was also really nice, especially for $5 can't beat that!  The problem is, the jazz music was playing really loud and makes it hard to concentrate.  I even asked the owner if he wouldn't mind turning it down but after about 20 mins it was right back at full volume.  This makes it not ideal to do work and unfortunately I forgot head phones.  Also, it was freezing!  It's a shame because the place looks so inviting like an old library really beautiful, but I think next time I'll order to go.Glad I was able to check out this place this morning.  Ordered a 16 oz. latte + breakfast panini.
The panini had turkey sausage, scrambled eggs, and american cheese sandwiched between white bread (according to the website).  I don't think it's white bread though.  It HAS to be a brioche pan loaf.  Sweet and buttery with a flaky crust....sure seemed like a slice of brioche to me.  It was pretty fantastic.  Maybe I was wrong?  Whatever it was, I definitely enjoyed the panini.  Only complaint is that it shoulda been pressed a bit more, the bread didn't quite crisp up as much as I prefer.Nice space. Friendly service. Homemade pastries. Gourmet sandwiches. Enjoyed my basalmic chicken sandwich on multigrain bread.Great food ... a bit pricey, hence the four stars. Basically worth it though. The barista was MEGA enthusiastic about his job ... a little freaky but nice.Nestled between a myriad of stores, this place exudes of an upscale chill out coffee house where friends can simply hang and enjoy company and music.  
Having great reviews online, we decided to try it today and the reviews definitely reflect the atmosphere and food.  We were greeted by a Barista upon walking in and immediately asked if we were simply having coffee or having lunch or breakfast (it was 1 pm).  I decided to get the omelet and my girl got the caprese panini.  We sat down towards the rear of the coffee house and gazed at some local photographs and artwork strewn across the walls.
There are two levels to the coffee house which gives the area a larger than normal feel.
Our food came out momentarily and it was quite good, simple, but very delicately prepared and executed properly.  With the exception of the air temperature (I prefer it to be around 68-72), it was a great experience, maybe a ceiling fan or two with leaf-style blades would help with the air circulation.    It was a pretty cool watching the barista take orders and not write anything down (and remembering!) it was a nice atmosphere and i plan on making this place a regular spot for my girl and I on Sundays when we're both off.Adding an update- still nice service and good food. Now I am comparing them to Manhattan Bakery on 19th where they were rude.I moved to Roxborough this past fall after having lived in Mt. Airy for 10+ years and hoped to find a cool non-chain coffee shop here to do work occasionally, hang out, etc. and Crossroads has totally fit the bill. The staff has always been really friendly to me and let me be when I come in with my laptop to do work. The coffee is fabulous, a smidge expensive, but ok, and until I read these reviews, I didn't realize upstairs was a library.
I see that they occasionally have poetry readings or other events which I'd love to attend so I can meet more like-minded people in this neighborhood.This is one of the best cafe's that I've ever been to. The staff is awesome. So helpful and so polite. Even on the busiest of days there's never a long wait for your order. The food served is delicious. Not a large menu which is perfect for this business. What they do have though is outstanding. The Kram Karver was delicious. The turkey is fresh and roasted right on the premises. Brioche is one of the choices of bread and it's a good one. Light and fluffy it's also made in house.  And what makes this sandwich good to me is that not one of the ingredients overpowers the other. Then there is shop's aestetic. I love sitting in one of the plush overstuffed chairs and taking in the stained glass ceiling. There are also shelves filled with books that customers are welcome to enjoy. It's also a great spot to get some  work done if you're so inclned. Crossroads offers free WiFi to it's customers. All in all I love spending several hours here on any given Sunday. Big thanks to Mike and his amazing staff! :DA great place to chill in the heat!  The shop is really cute, the food is good (Churchview St Chicken Wraps or Baker St. Bacon for breakfast).  Their cookies are the best of anywhere.  Free wifi, live music, and open-mic night...  A great catalyst to the redevelopment that is taking place in Roxborough!GREAT place to study! It's not usually crazy busy and, therefore, it's easy to find a table. Simple sandwiches for lunch and breakfast are served in case you need to get a bite to eat during a long study session. The staff is friendly and there's not a lot of chattering. The coffee shop is set up with mostly tables and a random love seat in the corner which I've never seen anyone use.Ricotta cookies are the BOMB! Sooo good! Seriously, it's a struggle to not eat three every time I'm in the building. 
Ever been to a place where the staff is so nice, you could care less about the food? Ok...I'm not sure if that is ever true, but if it were, this would be the place! They are just happy friendly people. 
Solid food too!
I'm a fan of their vegetarian chili. Lots of veggies and a nice flavor to it. I like spicy, and it's pretty mild to me! 
Also a fan of the ricotta cookies. Did I mention that?(4.5 stars) Real espresso and tasty food in a library-like setting (with music). This is the perfect place to study or write and there is always a parking spot and the wi-fi is great. I only wish they had more variety of actual bakery stuff to go with my coffee and as always, fresh squeezed OJ but I can't complain, the food in this area is generally gross. I recommend: blueberry/banana smoothie, waffle with strawberries and whipped cream, chicken panini.The coffee here is really good but the service is even better. The guy who works at the counter is so friendly every time I come in. I've had a few of their sandwiches which are good, but the highlight of this place is the ricotta cookies. They melt in your mouth!
The interior of Crossroads is so quaint and the woodwork is absolutely gorgeous! Bring a book or the paper and spend a few hours inside on a wintry or rainy day.I tried this place yesterday for brunch (they serve breakfast all day). It was okay--I wasn't blown away by it or anything.
The waitress gave us menus and we got to seat ourselves. I liked how the place looks inside--it looks how a coffee shop should... A little dim, photographs for sale on the walls. It used to be a shoe store and they kept the original architecture. They have the original stained glass ceilings and there's a second floor where you can take a book from the lending library and enjoy your food and drink.  There's also an old chandelier and light fixtures. It's pretty cute.
The two waitresses were friendly enough and timely. I overheard another customer asking about paninis she saw on their website and the waitress explained that the site is outdated--businesses need to keep up on their websites if they want to present correct information to their customers. They also don't have closing hours posted on their window... And the hours are pretty confusing. 
I had a ham, egg, and cheese on brioche and my wife had an everyday omelette which had spinach, tomatoes, and feta with multigrain toast. We also both had iced coffees and hash brown casserole. The eggs were delicious and really fluffy. Both our meals were very tasty and we ate everything.  My sandwich portion was huge and so delicious. The hash brown casserole came in individual coffee cups and they were smothered with cheddar cheese---mmmm they were good. My wife liked their coffee, but it tasted watery to me. 
On the way out we couldn't pass up the baked good case. Everything looked SO good. I went with a huge sticky bun with icing and my wife got a vanilla cupcake with caramel drizzle to go. They asked if we wanted them warmed, but we said we'd do it at home. We dug into our treats later after dinner for dessert. My sticky bun was hard as a rock.... I thought id try warming it in the microwave like the waitresses had suggested, but the outer layers were still hard & tasted stale & the icing had hard pieces. The inside layers weren't that bad.  My wife's cupcake itself was okay, but the icing was also a little hard and tasted stale. I'm guessing we were served some pretty old treats. I couldn't finish mine... I gave some to my dog and threw the rest out. 
Another thing to note is that they are CASH ONLY and you pay at the register. Come prepared with cash. Something that was weird was that I asked one of the waitresses where the closest ATM was and she directed me across the street to a bank, which was no big deal. The fee there was only $2, which is better than most. Then when I went to pay, I noticed they actually had an ATM next to the register! And the fee was only $1.50. I don't know if it was just out of service or what, but I was thinking "why didn't she just mention this one? Even to say it's not working?" Weird. Anyway, come with cash so you can avoid all that entirely. 
Overall, I'd probably come back for an egg sandwich and the hash brown casserole and maybe a different coffee drink, I'll come prepared with cash, and I'll stay away from the deceiving baked case! Though, it probably won't be my first choice for brunch.I've eaten breakfast and lunch here and have not been disappointed! The Waldorf chicken salad on the cranberry-walnut bread is the best thing ever! Highly recommend!I am sold on the space but not on the coffee or food.  Awesome space.  Cappuccinos came out in huge mugs that held a large amount of milk and reminded me of Starbucks.  French toast and omelettes were solid but nothing to write home about.  All in all Crossroads in a solid choice.I'm really surprised by the negative review about the "terrible" employees. I had the exact opposite experience...everyone was extremely friendly. I was there for the first time over the weekend. I didn't sit, but there was plenty of room and seemed like a nice place to read or relax. I ordered an iced coffee, which was really good-no sugar or cream necessary. For the same price as the chains charge, it was 10 times better. The employee (I'm horrible with names and really wish I could remember his name!) asked me if I had ever been to Crossroads before, to which I replied that it was the first time I was there. He proceeded to give me a free sample of their homemade granola. And by sample, I figured he would give me a bite...but I actually got a small paper bag full. Then a female employee told me I needed to try their cookies and gave me one of those. I jokingly said I wouldn't be sharing the cookie with my bf, so they gave me another one and a fresh roll. So, I bought a $2 coffee and walked out with homemade granola, fresh-baked bread and sugar icing cookies. All of which were awesome! I could have eaten a dozen of those cookies easily. lol. They were quick with the order, but I didn't feel rushed and everyone was so nice. I will definitely be back to try more of the menu!I came in here to hang out a while before work, and discovered after I had already ordered an egg sandwich that my debit card was missing from my wallet and I was low on cash. I told the cashier (who I believe was also the owner) that I would have to just take a coffee - but instead he gave me the sandwich and took my word for it that I'd be back to give him the difference some other day. The kindness of that dude alone makes want to come back. But the food and coffee were also tasty.This place is really cool. Before it was a coffee house it was a high quality shoe store. You can see where the shelving has been removed and now in the in coves paintings have been hung. Above the dining area in sight is the second level where the old shelving that once housed all the shoe boxes remain. 
    Omelets are dank. Definitely get the hash brown casserole the toast they serve is incredible and made in house. Bread is also sold by the loaf. They always have fantastic home style baked goods out front. 
   If you live in Manayunk or RoxB this place needs to be one of your staples.Absolutely great and within walking distance to my house! Their breakfast menu is delicious and inexpensive. I ordered a veggie omelet, which came with a side of wheat toast. It was great and not greasy. Today I went in and got an americano. The decor is fabulous original stained glass ceiling with an ornate brass chandelier in the center. Lots of tables to study. It was very quiet, which I'm not sure I liked, but if I were a student I would come here to study all the time. The service was good and fairly quick considering there was only 1 person taking orders and creating the beverages. I go into Starbucks down the street and there will be 4 employees all yacking away before getting any of the orders out.Coffee is excellent.  Service is great as well.  I was actually considering down grading this place a star considering their hours are goofy and too short.
But, I understand, that resources may be limited so based on the shop itself, treats, coffee and service, it's a 5 star coffee shop.  They do need more variety of coffee though.  Counter Culture? Intelligentsia?  La Colombe?
I love the local art displays.  It's a nice, relaxing cafe.I really wanted to like this place. I really did. The architecture and decor inside is beautiful and is overall a great atmosphere. I myself would in no way describe myself as a picky person, and I always give things the benefit of the doubt. But the girls working were kind of rude, and really could use more training in making a latte. We ordered two caramel lattes and they really just tasted like Folgers coffee with loads of caramel syrup/sugar. The food definitely could have been better as well. I ordered the half soup half sandwich combo , the terrace street turkey and vegan three bean chili. "Meh" would describe it at best. It's a shame, this coffeehouse has so much potential.What confuses me is WHY the PCOM and Drexel med students spend their time at the Starbucks down the street when they could be here?!?!? The coffee is better (and cheaper), there's tons more seating, FREE wi-fi and the seating area isn't by the front door - how annoying is that, especially in the winter?! You won't find plastic-wrapped pre-made sandwiches here. It's all fresh, all the time. Aww yeah. 
Crossroads has quickly become THE place for area residents. There truly is a special place in my heart for this place. Many years ago (about 22 years ago), my mom took me here to by my first pair of Hush Puppies. That's right, the building is a converted shoe store. NOT any shoe store, an old-fashioned shoe store with ornate wooden shelves, beautiful hardwood floors and a loft that reveals a stained glass window ceiling. That was then.... The current owners did an outstanding job renovating the space. It's spectacular space! (yes, the coffee and food are as well!) 
I remember my first visit all to well... 
As I entered the front door the welcoming aroma of the brews du jour and the whoosh whoosh of freshly steamed milk made me feel home again. You remember the feeling: the smell of mom baking cookies; the smell of grandma's house on Thanksgiving morning just after watching Roxborough High School lose to Roman Catholic High School, again. 
I digress. 
Then I met one of the Mikes (There are three: The owner, Mike Sr.; the chef de cuisine, Mike Jr.; and the cheery barista, Mike). Large chai tea latte in hand, I proceeded to the seating area. It took me a moment to decide where to sit. The balcony looked inviting, especially since it was near the booked-filled shelves that used to display my hush puppies. I ended up sitting near the gas fire place on the first floor - aw yeah! 
With my laptop connected to their FREE wifi network and latte in hand, I was ready stress free afternoon. 
The scenery: Across the room a group of young teachers giggled with each other as they prepared lesson plans and graded papers. I've seen them many times since. In front of me, what seemed to be a couple of med students had their noses buried in what looked to be a 2,000 page biology book - craziness. We were each in our own world as we listened to the sweet sounds of Johnny Cash, compliments of the house sound system. 
Back to reality... 
The coffee is wonderful, of course. The menu if perfectly suited for the space. Mike Jr. is always experimenting with new recipes SO keep an eye out for his next masterpiece. They have a splendid selection of teas, iced coffees, smoothies and carbonated beverages. The deserts are made fresh, daily; as are the pastries. 
Okay, this is long enough... JUST GO!!! Good coffee, good food, FREE wifi. Oh, try the vegetarian chili - amazing! It comes with a roll. :)This place is snuggled into the street and has a modest but impressive interior. It was converted from an old Foster's and has awesome stained glass ceiling and comfortable lounging. The food was alright and the coffee was great, but what really sold the place to me was the lady who served me who was the owner. She had was wonderfully welcoming and I ended up having a nice conversation with her before I took my seat. 
I'm a fan!This place is the perfect escape from "Main Street" Manayunk.  I used to come here 2-3 times a week when I lived in Manayunk.
I recenty re-visited this "hidden gem" with a friend and I remembered why I love this place so much... from the super-friendly staff, to the second best coffee in Philly (sorry, La Columbe is first in my book), to the artfully named breakfast sandwiches, this places offers everything you could ever want in a coffeehouse.
If you need a break from the Manayunk madness, bring a book or a friend and make your way up Green Lane.Great Roxboro spot with a nice writers vibe which is a nice departure from all the pizzerias and bars in this town. Love that they serve One Village Coffee. The paninis are surprisingly good. We need more places like this in Roxboro.I came into Crossroads with a friend who was scheduled to play for their Sunday afternoon series.  We both were very taken with this cute little coffee shop!  The barista was super friendly and helpful to both of us, as clients and as musicians (well, not me).  The decor is really nice; I especially loved the skylight above the tables letting a lot of diffused natural light into the building.  The tables are laid out pretty spaciously, so it's a much roomier coffee shop than most.  There is also an upstairs surrounded by bookshelves.  I'd prefer a few more "comfy" chairs to sit and read and was a little disappointed by the lack of publicity for the Sunday music series.  There was no one that came in specifically to listen to music, and while there seemed to be quite a few fliers posted on the walls for other events, I didn't see any publicizing this series... All in all though, Crossroads is one of the best coffee shops in Philly!My boyfriend and I are so happy we stumbled across this place! It is the perfect representation of what a coffeehouse should truly be! We could be here for hours! Great relaxing and positive vibes!Crossroads is exactly what a local place should be -- but with all the big city details. The food and drink are worth the trip alone, but the atmosphere and owners make each visit a treat. Each customer feels ... and is ... genuninely welcomed and appreciated. While I am fortunate to live only 2 miles away (if that) I'd travel 15 to spend the afternoon gnoshing on their sandwiches and treats ... and maybe go 30 miles for Mike's cheesecake.By far my favorite coffee shop in the Roxborough area. The baked goods are excellent (especially the brioche bread) and made fresh on location. Located in an old shoe store, the decor is unique and full of a rich history. Great place to enjoy a beverage and chat with a friend or catch up on work!  The only thing that prevents me from going here sometimes is the fact that they are cash only.  Overall, excellent- even the staff.Nice place in order to get away from the dreaded Starbucks.  I've had the speacialty drinks, baked good & breakfast choices all of which are yum. Everyone is friendly and attentive even the patrons. I normally go here to do homework on the weekend. They closed pretty early in the winter though which is actually just motivation foe me to ACTUALLY do my work. Only problem is in the summer it can get really hot & in the winter really cold. I still choose this place anyday over the Starbucks down the street.The Crossroads Collective on the first Saturday of each month is AMAZING.  Being a musician myself, I performed there for the first time in June and loved the positive vibes coming from the crowd and the great sounds from the other performers.  Besides, Jeffrey (of the local band The Modern Hypocrites) , who hosts the monthly Crossroads Collective, is an awesome and talented guy.  Even without the band he's great on guitar and has a very good voice.  They put out a gratuity jar which they split equally amongst all the performers so even though admission is free (and refreshments, etc. cost money--they have wonderful fruit and yogurt smoothies), it is highly recommended that you contribute.  The bands will thank you! :)Decided to try this place out again for their food.  Found not one but TWO black hairs in my breakfast sandwich and then a dead fly fell from the light above me and landed right on my plate!  This place is disgusting, not clean, not sanitary.Outstanding cappuccino made by a very nice barista!  Fabulous ambience--it's a bit like being inside a cozy European university library.  There's a second floor balcony  lined with bookshelves and surrounded by a railing and the roof has a stained glass skylight.  I could have stayed for hours.Avoid , stay away. Friday night there was local performer. I placed an order for 2 mocha blasts almost immediately at the counter. Approximately 30 minutes later I went to check on the order. The man stated he'll get to it. More than an hour later I still hadn't received the order.  The performer finished. I went to speak to the same man behind the counter who it turns out is the owner. His "attitude" was condescending and rude. He knew when he took the orders he didn't have enough staff. Many other people during the  performance I noticed also went to check on their food/beverage orders with the same results. At no time did he offer an apology. There are many other establishments in the immediate area that certainly could be patronized. A disgruntled patron is the worst kind of PR.Gorgeous restored store with stunning skylight and beautiful fit and finish one of the most relaxing cafes on a sunny day.  Coffee excellent as are the breakfast sandwiches, which are so big that a half  is usually enough so think about sharing or take half home, they heat well. Limited selection of pretty good pastry.  Very friendly minimal staff and the regulars are laid back.  If this place doesn't lower your blood pressure, it shouldI'm all about supporting local businesses, especially little coffee shoppes, but I was so disappointed here :( I paid $5 for a small iced chai latte that wasn't even mixed. Huge chunks of powder aren't enjoyable in a drink. I wanted to like it here, but I'll stick to Starbucks.My book group met here on a recent Tuesday evening. The space was roomy--we pushed several tables together--and quiet enough that we could hear everyone in the group talk. As a bonus, my vanilla chai latte was piping hot and lip-smackingly sweet. We're planning to return to Crossroads for our next meeting.Crossroads is a wonderful coffee shop! Has great ambiance, kind staff and great breakfast sandwiches. We definitely recommend!The owner Mike is always trying to keep the coffee and the food interesting and fresh.  Awesome atmoshpere, free internet, and a great asset to our community, and thanks for always being generous with supporting North Light Community Center and Gorgas Park.I've made several visits here, mainly to enjoy a chai latte and write grad school application essays. The baristas are very nice and service is quick. I think the prices are pretty fair as well, at least for the drinks and pastries. The ambiance is fabulous (great art on the walls, calming decor) and they keep the tables and inside very clean. I find myself wishing for a little more light when I do at dusk, but I'm sure it's fine in the daytime. I still need to try more of their menu but have loved everything I've had thus far.
I plan on attending future open-mic nights and musical events along with my weekly ritual of caffeine and essays. Plus, free Wi-Fi if I want the distraction.TERRIBLE EMPLOYEES!!! HE NEEDS TO GET FIRED! PLEASE READ:
I went here one day with my friend... we had stopped at Dunkin Donuts right down the block because we had to go to the bathroom, I hate using someones bathroom and not buying anything, so I bought a coffee. 
He said he wanted coffee but he was going to get it from down the street (crossroads), he told me after i had bought my coffee. We walked over, the place looked really nice from the outside, sort of looks like a bar or restaurant. We step in and I felt weird bringing in my DD coffee in here but he said it was cool and it wouldnt matter. My friend wanted to sit for a bit so we sat and he went to get in line to get his coffee and a treat...
As I was waiting for my friend the worker walks over and asked me if he could help me with anything.. I said no thanks very politely but he was persistent. I wasn't sure if the guy was trying to be funny or not but after a moment I realized he had terrible customer service skills and he was actually trying to force me to buy something. There is no need to write out the whole conversation but needless to say he told me at one point "you don't have to have an attitude, you should just be open to what im saying"... i didnt have an attitude. my friend was in so much shock that this guy was being an asshole to me that we left as soon as he got his drink.
there is no reason why ANYONE should treat someone like that. This guy clearly has issues or had a bad day but there was no reason to yell at someone who had done nothing wrong. maybe they should post a sign on the door that says no outdoor drink or food allowed. this guy should get fired!!!!I needed a jolt of coffee to wake me up before I had "the talk" with the twins about the weekend custody issue. They'll be living with their mom in Glenside once we get the title paperork issued. Schools are better out that way, too. 
Anyways, place is SUPER cozy. Great leather furniture, very airy. Coffee was great -- superb caramel machiato. Service was fantastic. 
I would recommend Crossroads Coffeehouse in Roxborough for anyone looking to have a tough conversation where you have to tell your twin sons that you'll no longer be living with them and you'll only see them for one weekend a month but you're just a phone call away if you ever need them.I'm new to the Roxborough/Manayunk area and have been looking for a non-Starbucks coffeeshop to chill in. On a friend's recommendation, I decided to check this place out.
It *is* indeed really cute inside - a little dim, very quiet (the only music is the hum of the air conditioner), and the stained glass + vintage art and bookcases give it a cozy, decades past sort of vibe. The atmosphere here is really quite pleasant, but probably not for you if you write best to the white din of clinking dishes and percolaters.
That being said, I am a little disappointed with this place. I came in around 11 this morning, ready to get to work with an iced mocha, only to be told they had no ice. No ice this early in the morning? Bummer. A regular mocha, then, please. For-here drinks are served in oversized tea cups, which is cute but not practical if you're like me and take an hour to drink your coffee. If I don't finish chugging this thing in the next five minutes, at least it'll be icy by the time I get to it!
The mocha itself is okay - a little burnt, but not too sweet. I may try their normal brew if I'm feeling adventurous.
Another thing - the outlets along the right side of the cafe area (when you are walking in) don't work. Not one of them. A gentleman who was leaving was nice enough to give me his table when he left, or I wouldn't be writing this. I can imagine how annoying that would be when this place is crowded with computer-laden folks like myself. Outlet warfare is vicious even in places with the most plentiful of power sources.
All in all, this place is cute, cozy and convenient - I'll definitely come back, assuming the outlets are fixed (no blood spilt, please) and they have ice.I would just like to start off by saying- I got a Yelp account for the sole purpose of reviewing Crossroads.  Yep, it's THAT good.
Having previously spent 6 years in Austin, TX, I was used to having a wide selection of independently-owned coffee shops to choose from.  Naturally, when I moved to Philadelphia (ok...Roxborough specifically, if you must know), within my first few weeks I Googled "Roxborough coffee shops" and Crossroads popped up.  It was right down the street from my apartment and my body still hadn't adjusted to the colder winter climate yet, so a hot cup of coffee sounded perfect.  
On my first visit I met Mike, the manager.  I could tell right away this guy knew his coffee.  Not only was he knowledgeable, but equally passionate.  He let me try their homemade vanilla ricotta cookie and also explained how they make all their own bread from scratch.  I tried their 'everyday egg sandwich', which was made with feta, spinach, tomatoes, and thyme served on their whole grain bread.  It tasted incredibly fresh and light, which is not how I would normally describe a sandwich.  
I continued to visit every Sunday for the next month or so.  After a while, things got busy and I stopped going.  Finally, I was able to stop in this morning for a quick breakfast.  As soon as I walked in, Mike demanded to know where I had been and why I had stopped coming in.  I was shocked when he remembered that I'd order "the usual" and convinced me to try their cupcake latte.  Both were incredible.  
I'm moving back to Texas in a month and of all the places in Philadelphia I have frequented, I have to say I will miss Crossroads the most.  There's something to be said for a place that serves homemade goods that are consistently delicious.  The service at Crossroads can't be topped, and however cliched it sounds, sometimes you really do just want to go where everybody knows your name.I first went to this coffeehouse on Friday night - a part of a meetup group to hear one of the members band perform live. Because of the live, acoustic music, the coffeehouse was filled. I ordered a dark roast coffee and a cookie. As the place filled up, the two employees were busily filling drink orders and bringing panini's, soup's, etc to the tables. Then, I came back the following day with a friend and we had coffee and soup. Again, the baristas are friendly, helpful and bring your food order to table. This Saturday, the coffeehouse was filled again, with students and their laptops. 
It's a nice  comfortable and cozy space. Has a working fireplace, good and reasonable food and coffees. Nice staff. I would rather support the indie coffeehouse than the Starbuck's two blocks away. 
I don't live in Roxborough nor do I own a car. But, because there's ample transportation, I can easily and steadily frequent this coffeehouse instead of going to the local Starbuck's in my neighborhood!So I had to come out to roxborough for a work related thing and arrived a bit early so I decided to get some breakfast. I found this place through yelp and to be honest, it was just alright.
Crossroads is on a nice little strip of ridge ave with a pretty cool looking exterior. Inside was really nice too and the stained glass was as pretty as everyone else said it was. The place was empty and just one girl working. She was very friendly and helpful and suggested any breakfast sand which on their brioche. I also got a cappuccino. The brioche was really good actually, but to coffee honestly was just average. 
There were a few reasons why I didn't give this place at least 4 stars. First, they didn't turn the heat on and the place was FREEZING! On an ice cold day I don't want to sit in a cold cafe. Second, they were out of anything besides whole milk for the cappuccino. Third, it is cash only. It just irks me that so many places in Philly in the 21st century still are cash only. Sorry, just a pet peeve of mine.
All in all, Crossroads cafe was a nice little place in Roxborough. However, unless I was already out here, I wouldn't run back.Yes, their drinks are good. Yes, their baked goods and sandwiches are pretty amazing. The atmosphere is great and there is always plenty of seating, plus free wifi. Very nice. My problem? The service there is spotty at best, in my opinion. The last *three* times I've been there (three of the hottest days of the year, mind you- we're talking full on humidity and over 100 degrees) I've been given the stink eye for "only" ordering an iced tea. I get that iced tea is the cheapest thing on the menu, but on a hot day it's also the most refreshing, and I honestly can't stomach much when it's that hot out. I'd like to peacefully drink my iced tea and surf the net. Not much to ask, unless you ask the staff, who all but ignore you in favor of those with multiple food orders. 
The pressure to order off of their overpriced food menu is distinct. While I love me a good caprese sandwich, I can make one at home for less than a quarter of the price, and now that the Crossroads staff has made me feel unwelcome multiple times, I think I'll be doing just that: going elsewhere, or making my own goods at home. Sorry Crossroads.I was up in Roxborough yesterday picking up a hoagie from Lenny's and I decided to get a cup of coffee at Crossroad's across the street from the deli. Crossroasds is a nice quiet, peaceful coffee house with great a large sitting room that looks like a library. 
They have lots of delicious baked goods and excellent coffee served by one of the most pleasant and professional Barristers I ever met. His name was Michael and he was very skillful and enthusiastic and it was a pleasure watching him work. 
The prices were reasonable, and they offer free Wifi and if I could have lit up a good cigar, they would've never gotten rid of me.