I come to Dagwoods all the time with friends and family. The food and service is great! This family owned restaurant really makes you feel at home. 
We started with some drinks and seafood apps. The clams in white were awesome! Perfect flavor and consistency. The broth was so good, I wanted to treat it as if it were soup. We also got some crabs to share, they were a good size and were warm and cleaned. 
I chose to get one of the specials, the Salmon, and WOW was I impressed. It was cooked so perfectly. A slight crunch on the outside (not burnt) and juicy on the inside. It was honestly the best salmon I ever had. There was a corn succotash on top and it came with orzo, because I can't have gluten I chose to sub broccoli. 
I am impressed with Dagwoods every time I come. They never fail to amaze and create a great experience weather it's your first time or you're a regular.I've been looking for a place that served crabs in the Northeast and this is the place! Restaurant area is clean and homey. Crabs were spicy just enough and the beer was cold. Crab fries seasoned perfectly. Servers were friendly and great with offering recommendations. Band was playing and the music complemented the atmosphere. Good size menu and will definitely be back to try other meals here. Neighborhood gem!wings are pretty good despite having that little extra piece left on the wing.  pretty spicy.  nice local spot with good food.My family and friends came here last night for a little birthday party. The back restaurant was a tight squeeze, but made us all closer. The kids foods were huge portions compared to usual kids menu's. I got the Shrimp Fra Diablo, and as much as I don't want to say it, the food was uncomfortably spicy. A few people had a noodle or two to try and their lips, tongues and gums were on fire! I'm not sure if it's purposely that spicy or someone accidently spilled the chili oil into it. I took it home with me because for $19 I was NOT wasting it. I put some ricotta cheese in it (I did not have sour cream or lemon)and I still could barely eat it. Such a shame, it came out looking beautifully and the shrimp were huge and had the tail on (which I love, holds the flavor). The staff was quick and friendly. We will definitely be back, I just will not order the Shrimp Fra Diablo.Great place, and the food is incredible! Try the Verne's wings. So good! Patrons are friendly.  Staff are always very nice, with the exception of one bartender Bobby Q, wears bowling shirts all the time. Extremely rude if your not 50 or older if you catch my drift. If he's tending when you walk in go straight to the back for a table or head to Stadium bar down the streetNormally I'm not a bar person but I heard the food from this Pub was legit and on Mondays the burgers that are normally 10 bucks for only 5 bucks. 
I always like a deal. My wife got the cheesesteak she wasn't feeling burgers.
First we decided to split the order of parmesan garlic wings. Outstanding, 
they were cooked nice and crispy  and were meaty. 
My wife really enjoyed her steak and she let me try a bite and it was very good
meat was very flavorful and roll was super pillowy. 
Since the burgers were only $5 (Mondays only) I decided to get two of them because what
accompanies a burger better than another burger. I gluttonously ate both of them. 
The meat was very flavorful and perfectly cooked medium. The bun was perfect and the accoutrements were fresh. Still very shocking of how good their burgers are and I did not expect to be so wowed. All the food here was excellent will definitely be back for more.Stopped in last night thinking they had the all you can eat crabs & mussels only to find out we had the wrong day, we ( my daughter & I ) decided to try the mussels and they were GOOD. We will definitely be going back for the all you can eat!!!Great cheesesteaks , bartender Bob was great , made it worth coming back , excited!!!This review is long overdue as we are frequent patrons of this great Neighborhood Place. I have never had a bad meal at Dagwood's. We love the lunch menu selections which include a serving of soup and salad from the self-serve bar.  Their Lobster special from 12 to 5 with a 1-pound steamed lobster, corn on the cob and boiled potatoes is fantastic and a great deal at $15. Their crab cakes, tuna sandwich, burgers, and any Seafood with pasta are consistently excellent. Service is always attentive and prompt. Thank you for being in the neighborhood, Dagwood's,  and we will continue to be regulars!Great place to eat outside table when weather is ok great lunch menu priced just right checked parm the best I live walking distance great neighbor pubI don't want to kill them too bad, as I saw that the owner is a North Catholic alumni, but.....Stopped in Saturday 8/3/13 as my bud & I saw the "Crabs Today" sign, sat down & had a few beers & then asked what size crabs they had....they were small, definitely #2's ($3 ea), which I can deal w/ if they're heavy, but this is what put me off.....they were served C-O-L-D.....the bartender pulled a tub out of the fridge, picked one out, & dropped it on a tray, didn't even offer to take it to the kitchen to drop it in some boiling for a minute water to heat it up. (I guess maybe I should've asked for that to be done, but honestly, if you serve crabs, YOU DON'T SERVE THEM COLD!!!) I ate it, as I had a hankering for crabs,& it was OK, but the whole point of serving crabs is to serve them H-O-T, if I wanted to eat cold crab meat I could've gone to Costco & gotten a tub of Phillips jumbo lump. Maybe Saturday was an off night, & I have heard good things about their crabs, so I wanted to give them a shot, but I was NOT impressed @ all....
God, I miss Boncela's.....This is a 5 star dive bar. Legend bar in northeast philly. Awesome food you have to try the all u can eat crabs, mussels & wings for 25 bucks...Place is a great spot to just stop in and drink a few after work.I have been wanting to try here for sometime.   I was very disappointed.  There were only 2 servers for the entire restaurant which should have had around 5 or 6 plus a hostess and a busboy.  The one server ran around very busy, the other walked around trying to look busy.  We waited for a very long time to be seated.  The one server was doing everything, seating, serving and clearing the tables.  Our server was extremely pleasant but because of how overwhelmed she was did not come back often to replenish our drinks.  They were out of several things we ordered.  What we did get was very good.  I believe in giving every place a second chance, so I will go back again, I hope my next experience will be better.My best friend and I came in for lunch , we were told to sit wherever we like , we did , we were greeted by Joe who was happy to be of service , attentive and knowledgeable, I am in the restaurant business and I would love for him to be on my service team ! He is definitely a keeper and dagwoods is lucky to have him .. 
Food was outstanding , first but not the last Time I will visited . Kudos to the entire staff but especially joe !!!Not as clean as I'd prefer them but the flavor is divine! And the owner is very nice and personable. Will be returning soon for my fixSeems like a small town bar. Had their garlic Parmesan wings and it was good. Bartender and waitress were nice and very attentive.Good food, cute bartenders on Tuesdays. Wow that Mikey can pour a mean lager draft. Had a Soft Shell Crab Sandwich with their signature Verne sauce. That Chef Jack must have been trained by Guy Fieri the Flavortown Mayor himself. It was like the first time I heard the Beatles. Quizzo with Dave and Val was entertaining AND educational. I'm a better person just from going to this heavenly establishment.I stopped here on a Saturday night after we had been waiting for almost 2 hours to get a table at Three Monkeys Cafe. Yelp reviews were decent, so we decided to try it out. Food was A-OK, my friend and I had burgers and my friend's husband had a club sandwich of some sort. No complaints really, just tasted like your typical run of the mill pub food. 
Now, the only reason I gave 1 star is because of the atmosphere. After dinner, we decided to grab a seat at the bar for some drinks. OH did I mention that it took over half an hour to get our check from dinner, because they were having trouble running credit cards (they claimed their wifi was down but were able to only run 1 card and not the others??) so they then asked us to use the ATM and pay in cash! It was almost like I was being punished with ATM fees because THEIR systems weren't working. Cool. Anyway, AFTER this whole debacle, we sat at the bar and ordered a couple beers, which the bartender/owner gave us for free because of the ordeal we just went through. We were totally cool up until this point, when we started playing music on the jukebox, and a group of older-aged patrons at the other end of the bar were making fun of us. To our complete shock, the bartender/owner was CHIMING IN and laughing right along with them!!! What kind of bar OWNER does that, to brand new patrons?? Not smart. We were so offended, that we promptly took back the tips we were leaving for him, and left the bar. We would have stayed and spent much more $ had the owner and his group of washed-up parents at the other end of the bar had been more respectful and weren't just completely making fun of us to our faces.Very friendly and very relaxed neighborhood bar. There was a game on the television and the bartender was really friendy and attentive. The kitchen was closing when I got there so I only got to try the buffalo wings, but they were very good. The beers were cheap, like in most corner bars and the atmoshpere was great. Looking forward to going back to try more of the menu.Never disappointed when I come here.  Amazing food.  It's hard to stray away from their burgers.  Probably the greatest burgers in Philly.  The Dagwood Burger is my go to every time.  Always cooked to perfection and bursting with flavor.  Their soups are homemade every day.  Have to try the new soups every time I'm there.  
Friendly wait staff and bartenders, great food, what's not to like?!??For what looks like a dinky neighborhood Bar it had excellent food add good prices! I really enjoy it cause there is never too many people there when I'm there.Food was great. This was our first time dining at Dagwoods. We were there for a reunion in the past, but wanted to try out their restaurant. We walked in and we're seated quickly. There were plenty of options on the menu beef, chicken, veal, seafood, etc. We ordered and our appetizer came our quickly and was delicious. We ordered the meatballs and garlic bread. A couple minutes after finishing out appetizer the entrees came out. Everything was great and we will be back again.I've been to this place 4 times so far. Everything that I had has been exceptional! I'm in love with the Italian Calamari...sooooo good! There's a waitress there that I'm not too fond of. Messed up my drink twice and didn't seem to care. In fact, she was annoyed when I said something to her about it, smh. Other than this incident / waitress the place is amazing!The best wings in the city " VERNES WINGS"  a good size portion breaded wings the vernes sauce is outta this world. Good atmosphere staff nice been going there for years.Dagwoods  this is a must go to spot. As a girl from Juniata they make the golden eagle Juniata wings here it was a staple from the old neighborhood and they brought it back. I have tried alot of things on their menu and have never been disappointed. If you decide to check this place out get the wings and a cold beer you will love it.Great food excellent service. Draft beer nice and cold. Great live music on Friday night. Bob the bartender is awesome. The wait staff very professional and polite. Establishment very clean.I don't go here that often, but this is a nice neighborhood pub/seafood restaurant.  They have crabs in the summer pretty regularly, which I love.  And their beer selection is good.  Their staff is friendly.  The clientele are neighborhood people, so you will find lots of middle-aged men and women hanging out here.  It's pretty nice.I've been to this pub a few times and every time I ha e been very satisfied. The food is Exceptional & service is always fast & very friendly staff members. This pub is small so there is sometimes a long wait to get a table especially if you come with a larger group. It's a great place to go to if you just want to have apps & drinks at the bar or meals in their cozy dining area. They have a very extensive menu & delicious daily blackboard specials. The Dinners do include soup & salad bar. I always end up getting shrimp Alfredo or crabs cakes there which are always delicious! I would definitely recommend trying this place.Stopped here ( on a whim) in route to Maggie's.Had the Prime rib......awesome!!! (Said in a high pitched voice).
Atmosphere is welcoming.
"Jess" our server was amazing!!! Fast, friendly and very courteous.
Thanks Jess you're the best!Went to Dagwood's for the first time this past Thursday evening after coming across the Yelp reviews.
Called to see if reservations were necessary, they don't take reservations.  Arrived about 6:45, bar was packed, probably a regular crowd.  Had a wait of ~25 minutes, not terrible.
Seems like there were two waitresses, running their butts off, to include busing the tables.
Note to Owner:  Suggest you provide a busboy/bus-person.
Our party of 4 had Mary Kate as a waitress.  She is superior--attentive, polite with a sincere smile and pleasant personality.
Complimentary salad and soup bar, self service, "Limit one serving,"  obviously there's history there when that needs to be in writing.
My drink was good, better than average actually, considering most bartenders suck at making an "extra dry martini."
Food was excellent and fresh.  They ran out of spinach and automatically substituted mixed veggies, I didn't have an issue with that.
Noise level was very loud, plus there was a live musician whose speakers were way too loud for my taste.  Was hoping they'd install a drop-ceiling to absorb some of the noise.
Food and service=5 stars.I've been around the world twice, shook everone's hand once (joking ha ha), but for my money the prime rib sandwich on grilled rye with carmelized onions at Dagwoods in Torresdale is on a short list of the very best sandwiches in Philly!! And to make it scientific, I made sure to have it at least five times now. They got it right with this sandwich.  The prime rib is so tender, you don't need your teeth.  You get a small bowl of au jus with it that just takes it to another place. They don't skimp on the rib. It's a nice portion and well worth the $9.95 tag. If you find yourself in the N.E. and want a treat.....GO GET THIS SAMMY!! There is plenty else to rave about on this menu as well. Worth the trip folks.Good solid food we picked up some wings and they were delicious. They were awesome on the phone. Packed lots of condiments and napkins. Wings were just the right amount if crispy!!!It's a small neighborhood place with some great food. Perfect place for seafood and other specialty menus itemsGreat food! Not your average pub food. The pulled pork Mac and cheese is amazing, their prime rib and pretty much everything on the menu is above average!Noisy, crowded, busy, happy place with great food, particularly the seafood. We ordered the seafood diavlo and gnocchi with  rab... fantastic.A one only because u can't post  worst takeout dinner ever there steak lover dinner look like three turds in a takeout Tray for 21.00 dried out from sitting in the tray in kitchen while they served in house customers  bad management on the owners part no supervision towards takeout or waiting customersJust had the Verne wings. I love them. They are delicious. I am coming back for dinner. Lots of seafood specials and prime rib.Great little place! I stopped in after a work event and had the she crab soup (excellent) and the seafood mac and cheese (solidly good). I loved that they didn't skimp on the seafood, the portion was heaping, and it came out piping hot. Didn't love the jalapeno chunks in it (I was expecting chopped, not diced, so I was a little taken aback by the kick). It's clearly a little locals place. If you eat at the bar (like I did), be prepared to wait a few extra mins for the bar tender to come over (he's chatting with the regulars). Not a problem, just means that people go there regularly! Well worth the stop.Man, I hate to write this review. This place has surely changed. My wife and I have been loyal patrons of Dagwood's for years! Sadly tonight was the last straw and we will not return. We arrived around 5pm for an early dinner and were sat immediately. Krissy our server was fantastic as usual, she is very friendly and she was aces to our daughter. I would say the last 3 times we've been here we've noticed the quality in the food is changing. It's rushed and just isn't good. Part of our order was sent back along with the table next to ours.
We started with the fried shrimp. I've always known this place to have good seafood. That's really hasn't changed much. The shrimp were good! Very fresh and delicious. I asked for tarter sauce and never received it. My wife ordered the NY strip medium rare. It came out rare, like raw. My wife tried it but sent it back. Within 2 minutes it came back out. They had to microwave it, it was like rubber and well done. It was an absolute disgrace! The broccoli was bland and zero seasoning. How can you justify charging $22 for a steak dinner to have it microwaved and unseasoned. There is no way they can bring a steak up in temperature that fast. I ordered the patty melt. The melt itself was good but easily forgettable. The fries were cold, burnt and looked like they had been sitting for quite a while. God, I wish I took pictures! We were in such a rush to get out I didn't. Look I know Dawgoods is a bar but it's also a restaurant. Maybe they should have a bit more separation from the bar/restaurant area. My 6 year old hearing the F bomb every 30 seconds wasn't the best for her. Again, I understand it's a bar but come on. Put a wall up or something. 
After years of being a supporter of this place we won't be back. Between the food and the clientele tonight I'm done. There are far too many good restaurants around to waste my money here. I should have just thrown the $69.00 out the window.  1 StarReally good atmosphere and employees plus well above average food and prices means we will be back often!We got you from Yelp and it was an awesome experience..... people food and the most friendly... loved the mussels and the best ribs ever... would drive from Jersey anytimeMy family & I wanted somewhere in the neighborhood to celebrate my birthday & my Father-in-law always has nothing but good things to say about this place. So we decided to try it & we were blown away by the food. When I first walked in I immediately thought it was more of a bar atmosphere. In the back is where the dining room was & they also have an upstairs that you can rent to accommodate 50 of your favorite people. The dining room filled pretty quick. The appetizers were delectable. Seafood mac N cheese was really good & I would absolutely order that again on my next visit. Mozzarella sticks were perfection. And we got regular fries with American cheese for my fussy eater. My boyfriend & I split the seafood wrap & pork Italiano. Both were very good. I liked the seafood wrap better because when it comes to pork Italiano, the one I make at home is the best I have ever had!!! My kids were happy with chicken Parm sandwich & grilled cheese/mac N cheese. As I walked back from the bathroom, I peeped a huge bowl of crabs at another table. I am inclined to say that will be ordered next visit. Think I found a hidden gem in the far Northeast.So this place wants to charge you for every soda. So I ask for a pitcher of soda with no ice in the pitcher; just ice in the glasses so it doesn't get watery. The waitress says I'm not allowed to have a pitcher without ice. So she sends the owner over and he tells me the same thing. So my wife says it gets watery that way, and they had a ton of ice in there. He says soda cost money I will have to give you half of a pitcher then. Are you serious. We go to this place at least three times a week. They never said this before. So we left and they lost our business. I will be sure to tell my friends about this behavior as well.I can't even tell you how happy I am that I finally checked this place out. 
I've lived in Holmesburg about 6 years now, and I've always driven past Dagwood's thinking, "I wonder if that place is any good."
IT IS. 
I did not expect to find such high quality seafood at Linden & Torresdale, but it really is. Their "Clammy Hour" is usually what brings me out, because who else in the Northeast has any kind of buck a shuck happy hour? They also make solid po'boys and quite possibly the best crabcake I've ever eaten- seriously. 
Their prices are very reasonable, there are always great specials and a good variety of beers on tap. Service is also exceptional. Joe is my favorite server because he really goes above and beyond. 
Don't wait six years to try this place like I did!I can't believe that nobody has commented on how amazing their burgers are! I'm a fan of the American staple but let's face it burgers are pretty tough to screw up, that said dagwoods has nailed it. Everything is perfect, their burgers are amazing, nuff said. I would have included a photo of the delicious burger although and don't seem to have the patience or the willpower to snap a quick photo before I devour the burger.I have only eaten here once now, but it definitely won't be the last. The wings were some of the best I have ever had. Breaded and crispy. Only thing I would change is have the sauce put on the wings rather then on the side.
Their fries are very similar to chickie n petes but without the seasoning, same goes for the cheese sauce. I have only heard good things about the seafood but that will be for next time. 
I would suggest you don't leave here unless you try their wings, otherwise you are missing out.
I know I will be back!as my trip down memory lane continues, aka NE philly hangs, myself and a friend stopped in on a wed night. not knowing of the all you can eat crab thingy going on. i have never been an all you can eat kinda person, but when in rome? the place is cute. nice bar with local peeps. sinatra and rat pack art around. the waitress was so super sweet and helpful. the food was BANGIN". was not expecting that. waaaayyyyy too much food for me. crabs were great. it came with a bunch of other stuff. i ate so much, i couldnt breathe. the only reason its not a 5? they only take cash. there is an atm in there but if youre like me, it chaps your ass to pay a fee.I went here for the first time last night and I couldn't have been happier. everything came out perfect I will be returning very soon to get the NY special again soooooo good.I have mixed feelings for dagwoods. I love to come here once a month with my parents. I lo e the seafood and atmosphere. The soups are great, the flounder and shrimp are awesome. They cater to my mom's gluten allergy. The service is always amazing. Recenti they changed the menu which is why I'm having a change of heart about going. They made the menu smaller and I feel like they've cut out a lot of the items that I used to order. Over all its still a great place to have some drinks and seafood.Stopped in for dinner Father's Day. Place was packed. They took our name, we grabbed a beer at the bar and table was ready. Service (Natalie) outstanding, food was fabulous (Filet with Gnocci, Prime Rib Melt, Stuffed Fried Shrimp, Clams Casino, Wings) atmosphere - upbeat - (although a little loud at times). As busy as they were no one missed a beat. The servers were happy, attentive, and even the manager who was busy assisting the staff joked with us a bit. I grew up in this neighborhood moving in as a small child in 1960. We've watched this business change over the years into this - an outstanding neighborhood tavern with unbelievable food. I understand the son has taken over in recent years and how refreshing to see the next generation blow it right out of the water instead of tanking a business that parents have built, which unfortunately happens too often. Congrats to the Grzeskiewicz Family, Dagwoods is such an asset to the restaurant scene in Philadelphia. We just love it there!!I have to say I came here expecting to LOVE it because of all the tremendous things I've heard, but it was just meh! 
My husband and I came on a Sunday and it was pretty quiet. Only a few people sitting at the bar and not really anyone in the dining area. Our waitress was extremely nice and treated us like regulars. We ordered two Bloody Marys and I loved mine! My husband said he didn't enjoy his as much. They didn't have much of a menu, so we just went with cheeseburgers. They were just OK and extremely greasy which turned me off from the start. Fries weren't anything special at all either. If we were to come back I would probably want to come during one of their fresh seafood specials at night. 
The pub itself isn't anything special. Things are very outdated as well.Dagwoods is great on every level. Food is superb. The seafood is really amazing. The service is great. They did a shrimp fra diablo better than any Italian restaurant we have been to.Ordered uber Eats the other day. Food was amazing again ! I ordered the kelbisea cheese steak it was LIT. The kelbisea cheese steak was packed with meat and had an amazing flavor to it. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who likes kelbisea cheese steaks !Dagwoods is an all around good spot to stop for food or cold beers. We haven't been there in a while so we decided to stop Saturday night. Upon arrival the place was packed but we were sat immediately.
My wife ordered the clams and pasta. The clams were huge! And everything was seasoned well. She really liked it. I ordered the French onion filet special wow! The filet was delicious! It was cooked to perfection and the bread under the steak was a nice touch. For the price of the food you get a lot. All of the entrees are priced well and come with a soup and salad. The drinks are priced just right as well. We will definitely be back!Horrible!!  We went on Seafood night.  Big mistake!!  It wasn't even that crowded but server just couldn't handle it!!  We sat waiting for 25 mins before we even got asked about drinks.  Then food came out in dribs & drabs- cold!   Oysters & mussels were dirty! Wings were chewy!  The whole dinner from service to food was horrible. We asked to speak to a manager and she was a joke. Blamed it all on it being busy because of "seafood night".  Really??!!  Never will go back again.  I guess that's what you get from a corner bar trying to be a seafood restaurant.  I'll give my business to Maggie's and 3 monkeys!This place has great food. I highly recommend the prime rib sandwich for dinner. As for lunch, they have great lunch specials where you get a soup, salad and a sandwich for a great price and is a good portion. You won't leave hungryGreat food and drinks ! The staff was friendly and helpful. The prices were reasonable. The place is pretty busy at peak times. Definitely worth a trip !If you're gonna go on Yelp to complain about being over charged for a salad bar or the crowd that was there one the single night you were there, stay at home and eat easy mac. 
This place has amazing sandwiches and bar food and their specials are out of this world. The new renovations they recently made gives the place a whole new look and makes you feel at home. This place is the only spot I go to in the Northeast. Second to none.Phenomenal! I don't have one negative critique about my experience here (that might be a first for anywhere). The food is excellent, very well priced and fresh. The atmosphere is cozy and clean.  The service was cordial and attentive.  I immediately felt at home.  Dagwoods has a new regular.This is a neighborhood gem! They order their food from the best purveyors. Quality and flavor is always consistent. Seriously the best seafood in the area! Appetizers: Clams Casino are best hands down, Scallops and shrimp are huge and juicy..Mama G's meatballs, Filet tips, chicken parm sandwich, crab legs, pierogis..really you can't go wrong..save room for dessert the salted Carmel ice cream over crispy glazed waffle is to die for!!!Love coming here. Great seafood and specials. 2 to 4 every day is clammy hour for $1 oysters, clams etc.  also lobster options on special like lobster roll for $12.Went here last night for the first time! 7 of us. It was awesome! Very crowded, our waiter was amazing beer was cold, drinks were perfect and food was delicious. Definitely planning on returning with my husband soon. Only complaint was over cooked petit lobster tails....I visited for the first time last night (May 18 2019) with my parents. The appetizers were excellent (Verne's hot sauce is a new favorite of mine), and the only issues with the entrees were that the sandwiches my parents ordered (roast pork and meatball Parmesan) were served on sliced bread rather than long rolls. I had no issue with my chicken Marsala, and I appreciate the attention to my request for no mushrooms.
I'd definitely return.Was very disappointed in Dagwood's the service was absolutely horrible due to are waitress!!! Food was good but would have been better if they got are order correct. Never received the food I actually ordered or the beer that I wanted.I don't live that close by, but whenever I visit my grandmother, I'm sure to grab something. It's a small place, so I usually get takeout, but when it's not packed, it's fun to eat inside, as it has a friendly neighborhood bar vibe. Now for the food. This is some of the best bar food I've ever had. Actually, their platters can compete with the most expensive restaurants I've been to. I'm looking at you, ricotta gnocchi in gorgonzola sauce with filet medallions! My favorite appetizer (and sometimes meal) is the bronze jumbo shrimp. The bronze sauce is the best! The she-crab soup is amazing, too. The burgers and sambos are always on point. This place is an awesome, NE Philly gem.Love Dagwoods. They Always have the best food around and great selections of draft and craft beers. I ordered  the shrimp Po boy and snow crab legs. The shrimp po boy was AMAZING and had a ton of flavor and the shrimp was out of this world. The snow crab legs was also AMAZING. The service and staff was great ! Thanks for a GREAT meal !So I was excited to try this place for delivery because of all the reviews and the food looking great in pictures..... but when I ordered wings they were just carelessly thrown in a bag with no container? AND they were burned. Idk if it was just a disgruntled staff member that day but I was disappointed... I've never had any restaurant just throw wings in a bag. The cheese steak I had was a generous portion, I got full off of half the sandwich but it was a little dry. I did appreciate the home made potato chips though, they were a really nice touch. I hope my next experience will be better though.Terrific neighborhood bar/restaurant with really, really good food.  Sometimes you visit small-time bars, and their food is just meh.  This place is not that kind of bar.  All their food tastes homemade and fresh.  Drinks are spot-on and reasonably priced.  Another plus is their Friday night music selection.  Being 50 years old now, it's great to visit Dagwood's after a long work week, have a drink and a bite to eat and listen to good music from the 70s and 80s (maybe 60s too) and not be annoyed with the younger crowd's music.  If you're in the neighborhood, definitely check this place out.  Good food and drinks,  nice atmosphere and it won't break the bank.Great food been here s few times had the burger , crab cakes, mussels in the white sauce, pizza steak...The Crabs were a complete ripoff, served Ice cold w/hot liquid on the side. When I order fresh crabs, I expect fresh out of the pot, freshly steamed fat boys, not old, out of the ice box has been's. A total disgrace. When I alerted the waitress, it was oh well, that's how we've served them the last four months; well excuse me for not being alerted to that fact upon placing my order.Im a very picky eater but this is by far the best food I've ever had. No joke, no exaggeration. We had the Clams Casino, Shrimp, Scallops, Meatballs and Seafood Mac and Cheese. We kept ordering more food because it was that great. I want to come here for every meal, every day! I also bring vendors here and I always get accolades for it. Spiro is such a great, personable bartender! The BEST food in Northeast Philly. A++++Stopped by here for lunch this weekend and would not recommend it. There was nothing on the menu that wasn't deep fried and of the assortment that my group ordered, not a single item was enjoyable.
Staff was friendly enough and the bar seemed decent, I'd just avoid lunch.  I've heard good things about the food, but they must be talking about dinner.
Blah.Great place for lite bites or full entrees. First time we were there everything was great ( clams casino, pierogis , burgers, drinks) The second time just as good ( burgers , fries , drinks) Third time we had gnocchi with Gorgonzola and beef tips were unbelievable, the crab cakes were great. Thus place is great and I didn't even mention the awesome service from the super friendly staff!!!Great local family spot. Always great food. Nice environment. Friendly, fast service. Always willing to accommodate.Love Dagwoods. Always have the best food. Love watching the Eagle's games outside on their big screen, with the heaters. Kinda feels like being at the game live. Lol.... Always will come backTake out food is just as awesome as in the restaurant, packaged just right. Takeout staff is very friendly and helpful!First time but definitely not the last! Bob the bartender was wonderful.  The drinks were well made..  This is a place with a heavy seafood menu.  I ordered seafood Mac & cheese which was insane Anna enough for two meals.  The salads are gigantic.  A quaint neighborhood bar and restaurant.  Well definitely have dinner here againReally good bar food for lunch. Their dinner menu isn't something you expect from a bar. Seafood is great. Their bronze mussels are on a whole other level of good. Definitely a place to try if you haven'tI live so close to this place and never been . Went there tonight . The food was unbelievably good . Wow blown away at the food . The only downside is the service was not good . Don't know if they were understaffed or what but definitely will go again . Maybe it was just one of those nights .Great first visit on a early Saturday evening. Got seated rite away and waited on almost immediately, ice cold beer, friendly service and excellent food. SHE CRAB SOUP !! Prime Rib Melt and Roast Pork Italian !! 5 STARS FOR SURE!! THANKS!! Can't wait for our next visit, see you soon!!