I live nearby and get take out once or twice a month for sushi. Individual rolls are a bit pricey but the quality makes the price worth it. My wife doesn't eat seafood so she goes for their veggie options and loves it. 
They are quick to prepare food and their sushi is prepared well consistently. 
They are not wheelchair accessible (as listed). They have several steps and a portable ramp most likely won't work. I just say this as a wheelchair user who always wants to know my options.Parking sucks.  Great food though.  Daughter and father (owner?) were extremely friendly. The place is tiny.
This is about the food.  Excellent.  Very fresh, nice mix of ingredients.  The Unagi sauce was very good. Top 5 I've tried.  Not the syrupy sweet crap a lot of places pass off as Unagi.
One piece of gristle (sinew??) in the salmon.  Otherwise 5 stars. A couple of mis-communications, but they made it right and I even ended up with some extra pieces... score.
I will definitely come back. They were helpful, accommodating and professional.  If you're in the museum district, or anywhere close, this is a must try.  Put it on your Philly places to try....The service was really bad.  The waitress kept taking calls for take out and neglecting us even though there wasn't anyone else here on a weeknight.  No water refills or checking on us at all for the whole meal.  Waitress gave poor description of rolls.  The fish wasn't fresh but not rotten, either.  We left 10% tip and won't come back.Wonderful wonderful food; great addition to the neighborhood, though we were sorry to see 'The Red Store' go. So, first: the dashi [broth] in the soups is really excellent! Really. Second, staff are really nice and service is not only excellent, but food comes fast. Third, cozy. Also, it is a great combo of a coffee place in the AM [La Colombe!] and from 12pm, a sushi place [and more, not just sushi]. The 'specialty' rolls we got were all [3] away above expectations, as these things are often over-done or flabby. The Dragon, Picasso & Spider Monkey rolls were all great. Masterful ratio of rice to other stuff; great tobiko nigiri sushi too. High honors.I chose this place because of the pretty great reviews on Yelp! However,disappointed is an understatement. The sushi was HORRIBLE! I've had better sushi from the grocery store. To start off, it was dinner time and we were the only two people eating in the little place, then the cups smelled like fish (second red flag) and then the sushi...which tasted soapy and old. As the sushi chef was packing our food he started out using chopsticks and then just used his hands which was disgusting but really didn't matter considering we threw the food away as soon as we walked out. Total waste of money! With that being said, the waiter was friendly and fairly quick (probably because we were the only people there) but if you want sushi that taste even decent then I highly suggest going somewhere else. It baffles me that this place has reviews above 1 star.Awesome sushi that is well crafted and melt in your mouth delicious. Try the specials, don't go for your comfort stuff here. Super friendly staff makes this dining experience complete.I loved this place!! It is in such a cozy and cute location. The service was amazing and the owner was so kind to my friends and me. The TNT, Happy, Dashiwaki rolls were so good.My boyfriend and I went yesterday and decided that it is our new favorite sushi place in Philadelphia, HANDS DOWN! Lucky for us, because the restaurant is right down the street from us. 
Service was friendly,helpful,and fast. The woman was very kind to us and told us to take our time and that there was no rush. (I hate it when restaurants rush their customers!) 
Be sure to try the volcano roll, tempura shrimp, and maguro rolls!Best suchi every. Fresh fish and the ambiance is totally unpretentious. It's one of my favorite spots in Philadelphia.Friendly staff, good service, kid-friendly establishment.
The sushi is very good and reasonably priced.Only one server (a slow Sunday evening), but she was very sweet, and attentive. The food was excellent and nicely prepared - boyfriend and I both agreed. I would def recommend it - and only 5 min from Philadelphia Museum of Art!I am a snob when it comes to good sushi most likely because I have overpaid for some pretty average sushi before. This tiny place looks like nothing but is definitely my new favorite and is also very reasonably priced. I have come here quite a few times and have never been let down. They serve up some of the freshest sushi I've had. Also, they have a wonderful and interesting selection of fish and rolls as well as cooked food. I highly recommend the vegetable or meat gyoza. Also a highlight is their mochi (sticky rice dessert) with ice cream inside (choose your flavors-I highly recommend the red bean and green tea flavors). I am so glad I found this hidden gem!Fish was fresh
Owner/waiter/sushi chef was knowledgable/friendly
Quality green tea
Can't wait to go back, good quality stuff hereMy dad and I tried to go to Isabel for lunch but it was closed. So, we headed around the corner to this BYOB with our bottles of wine in tow. What a delicious meal! We ordered the loaded pork gyoza ($8) that had spicy tuna on top. OMG, what a surprise and so good! I had the volcano roll ($11) that was equally as good. Pair that with your own bottle, and you have a very enjoyable meal. Service very attentive too.GREAT Neighborhood Spot. 
Morning: Coffee, Latte, Bagels, Munchies.. CHILL location.. quick service
SUSHI: Yes, they offer it.. and it is VERY GOOD. We were skeptical considering the size of this joint..and their breakfast persona.. but the SUSHI is on par.  Close, Good, Get in here and TRY IT. BYOB for a nice relaxed dinner!Love this place! The vegetarian options are great and the sushi is always so fresh and delicious! Also the staff is really nice.I went here tonight for a date with my girlfriend on her bday.  We ordered kani salad, dragon roll, rainbow roll, udon.
Kani salad had some sashimi mixed in and also had this spicy kick to it that made it so amazing.  $5 definitely should get it.
Dragon roll was expensive, but when I saw how big it was and the amount of unagi put in (I know that unagi is expensive) I could definitely see it was nowhere near a ripoff (btw you get more than 6 pieces).  When I tasted it, it was simply the best dragon roll i had (there was I think spicy tuna mixed in which definitely complimented it well).
Rainbow roll all hinges on how fresh the fish is and I wasnt let down.
Finally, the udon.  Im not a fan of udon, my gf ordered it.  It definitely was above average and was cheap considering we got tempura as a side.  My gf thought it was the best udon she ever had.
Last things ill say is pretty much what everyone else says.  Owner - very nice guy.  BYOB - table next to us comes in with 6 pack and owner comes and kindly opens it for them.  parking - is a b**** but there are so many spots, just spend 10 minutes and youll find a one (maybe)  :)
Oh I should also mention the ambience.  hole in the wall - type - vibe but very cozy.My new favorite place in the fairmount/art museum/brewerytown area. Great concept place you can go and get a pretty good breakfast for CHEAP and really good sushi.
Breakfast: Basically everything for breakfast is #3.50 or less: bfast burrito, omelette with hash brown, two pancakes with two eggs...Really good muffins. The coffee cake is awesome! 
Sushi: They have pretty good sushi and it is completely affordable for how good it is. They even have vegan sushi. I had one with tempura sweet potato...AWESOME. They have by far my favorite bowl of udon soup of all time! The stock is delicious.
BYOB. Free wifi. This place is awesome.
Odd music choices though.Warning. This sushi restaurant does not deserve a 4.5 star restaurant as it is currently rated. I have eaten dinner at Dasiwa twice over the past 6-months and have been seriously disappointed each time. 
If Morimoto and Sagami are a 5 star dining experience (in my opinion), this restaurant should be rated 2.5 stars at best. 
During my last visit, I ordered three maki rolls (spicy tuna, salmon and avocado, and yellow tail and scallion) and each one was depressing as I ate it. 
Skip this place and go elsewhere.Food was delicious! Ordered 3 rolls for 2 people and it was really filling. The service here is really good and they checked in on us to make sure everything was good. Id highly recommend the daisiwa roll and the mermaid roll. Very saucy and authentic tasting sushiThis place was an unexpected neighborhood surprise. Its a small place in fairmount. I ordered the steam vegetable dumplings, which were delicious, and the asparagus roll. I was very pleased with my meal. Great place with really good food and it was inexpensive. Ill definitely be back.This is a fantastic addition to the neighborhood!
Friendly, family owned, byob with ikea decor---in short its a hole in the wall. I knew that going into it and wasn't expecting morimotos.  The food was reasonable, very good and improving daily. Once they work out their new restaurant jitters I'm sure this will become a Fairmount staple. For a quick take out meal and to support a local business-this is a great alternative to Wholefoods. As for dining in, the place is tiny but that adds to its charm. I highly recommend the sushi bomb!
I plan on becoming a regular.
*update*
my friends and I went back tonight and it was even better than last week. The fahrenheit 451 (or something along those lines) special tuna roll was amazing! So good we ended up ordering another. We also ordered the 'picasso' & 'cajun'  and completed our meal with red bean ice cream and green tea mochi.
As for the cafe- my friend goes here daily and has nothing but good things to say. We will definitely be back very soon!  
Whether its for a sushi dinner with friends or a quick cup of coffee/tea in the morning this place is definitely worth trying!This place is a gem!! Great food and quaint atmosphere! Don't forget it is BYOB as well! The service is always wonderful. We love trying the different rolls and getting a side of miso soup or the salad!Located in a beautiful neighborhood, this tiny cafe is worth stopping for! Despite the small size, the staff is polite and helpful, the atmosphere is cozy, and the menu is extensive. 
I tried the volcano roll, the orchid roll, and a piece of coffee cake - all for takeout. The service was quick, and the food was reasonably priced and very tasty! They seem to have a large drink list as far as smoothies and coffee drinks, and lots of cakes/cookies as well. 
Overall very pleased; Will probably treat myself to takeout (or an occasional eat-in date) frequently!I came here with a party of 9 this last Saturday night. We had a reservation, but without a lot of notice, so I am happily amazed that it worked out. It's in my neighborhood, so I have walked by a lot of times, and can see how parking could be a pain if you're not close. Fortunately I could come on foot, and grab some sake on the way because its a BYO! Yay!
Honestly, Dasiwa is everything I want in a restaurant. I like places that are unassuming, a little divey, but deliver on the food. This place was all of that, and I am not easy to please when it comes to sushi. We got multiple rolls and I also split a Chirasi bowl (rice with sashimi on top). The fish was so fresh and delicious and the service was friendly and attentive. The Chirasi came with miso soup as well, which was great. All in all, it was a perfect meal and was priced extremely well. This is going to be my new go-to spot in the neighborhood! I'm only bummed that I didn't come sooner.I had a nice dinner here with my brother the other night. Our server was incredibly nice and helpful, the food came quickly (but not overly so), and everything was really good.
I can't really compare it to other places in the area, because I don't know that I've actually...been.. to other places just yet. I probably shouldn't have admitted that on here. I feel like I'll look back on this review in a couple years and give myself the blink and stare -- kind of like when I see old reviews that say "I don't like beer" or "burgers are gross."
But, anyway. Good food here, even though my palette isn't used to it.
I had the $14 Tonkatsu. It was deep-fried panko breaded pork. Served with miso soup, white rice and cole slaw. This was a heaping portion and I couldn't finish it! I passed along the white rice and soup to my brother, who loved both and got a second helping of the soup.
My brother ordered the $12 TNT roll from the "Special Roll" section. It had tuna, salmon, white fish, avocado, and crab sticks in it. He said he really liked it.
Maybe one day I'll be daring enough to try sushi for the first time (another thing I probably should not be freely admitting on a public website), but for now, I'm glad to know about the pork dish here, and I'll have to stop back some time when they have the famed coffee cake!Okay food at an okay price. 
Came here for the second time yesterday with my mom. We ordered the tempura udon, and the sashimi appetizer with a side of rice (so that it would be a bit more filling). My mom didn't love the broth for the udon, which was pretty weak, but the tempura was good: crispy without being too oily, and a good mix of veggies. The sashimi was decently fresh and cut in large slices, which was great. 
I'd definitely come back if I really wanted sushi/sashimi and didn't want to travel far for it, but it's not someplace that I'm dying to return to.I really enjoyed my time here. I was planning to take a visiting Yelp Elite friend to a different sushi spot in the neighborhood but failed to think ahead for a reservation. It turns out we were just as happy with our experience at Dasiwa. Off the bat we were greeted with friendly smiles and the server was quick to meet our needs. The whole meal was fresh and well timed. I can honestly say I enjoyed each bite. My buddy even convinced me to try raw octopus for the first time. All things were presented in a charmingly simple way.
In summary I will be back and I'm so glad to have a neighborhood BYO sushi spot!I got take out from here, so I did not dine in, but stopping by was a little odd. I gave it only four stars because the location is a little bit difficult to access, it's on a corner, and sort of steps down into the restaurant. The parking is very limited as it's a residential area.
BUT THE FOOD. I got home and dug into my food, it was incredible. Fresh, delicious, what I order with crunch was crunchy, what I ordered spicy was actually spicy.I let my roommates share some, and they are food snobs, and were also impressed with the fare. The menu online is well done, and makes it inviting, as much as any menu can aid that. I am a pretty bland sushi eater, normally spicy tuna rolls, shrimp tempura rolls, but I also got wantons this time, and they were awesome. I even tried Unagi and it was awesome. 
I highly recommend the food here, it's probably best to walk if you are from the neighborhood though!Quick and warm service, reasonable price and delicious food. A necessity in the neighborhood.Pros:
Nice little interior. Cozy and most definitely a cafe.
Sushi's decent.
Cons:
Small quantity of food.
Expensive.
Service fee added automatically to bill.
The Udon is not good.
And let me reiterate that you don't get much for the price (quantity) even for sushi standards.
It wasn't a bad experience but really can't think of much reasons to come back. It's not like it's the only Japanese/Sushi place in Philly.Amazing food for amazing prices! Also, vegan friendly! Will definitely be making this my new sushi spot! Our host was extremely friendly, and she was very attentive! Somewhat small, so you might want to make a reservation. Speedy service!I walked around 20 mins from my place, the restaurant is small enough. I ordered maki, sashimi & miso. It's ok, not really impressive, sashimi is fresh, better than the sushi.Very cute little sushi place, came here one week after having a baby for my nine month sushi craving!
Love the sashimi salad, the happy roll ( ordered it with spicy salmon instead), hooligan Nigiri.
Now my baby is two weeks old and I'm here again!Go with the sashimi salad. You won't be disappointed. The hotate roll is a favorite. With that being said, the specialty rolls are underwhelming and on the smaller side for their hefty price tag. I had to take a star off for rodents listed on their clean plate health inspection report.My boyfriend and I visited on a Tuesday, and fell in LOVE! Really awesome sushi! Definitely a family oriented place, really small, but super friendly. Will definitely be back for more!The sushi was awesome and our server Gennie was sweet.  My friend and I ordered a dragon roll and spicy salmon roll.  We just wanted something quick and light.  This definitely hit the spot.  We found this on Yelp and glad we did a little drive-by to experience this delicious sushi.
A family dined next to us with two children and were no bother.  This slice of heaven offers coffee concoctions and also is BYOB. Don't hesitate to give Brie place a try if you want some good food.Given the solid chinese food that you get in Philly, the Japanese food can be disappointing. Dasiwa is a pleasant surprise, and offers non-Americanized options. General quality of food is good, ambiance is cute, you won't be disappointed as long as you don't go in with very high expectations. The Korean dishes can be interesting, but honestly mixing sushi with Korean food will spoil your palate for the rest of the dinner.This place is only good if you live near art
Museum. I went here from Chinatown and between cab fare, sitting in traffic on a Friday night, and just ok sushi, I could have just went somewhere in center city and paid the sameI love this place.  It is very small but very personable.  I suggest if you are going anytime after 5pm you make reservation.  The sushi is beautiful and very affordable.  When I went I got the loaded gyoza , fried philly roll, and the volcano roll.  ALL MAZINGExcellent for Japanese-sushi etc. I had a big bowl of the udon soup and a california roll. It was amazing.  We came close to closing time, and they still served us, and told us to take our time, even though we were the only people left in the restaurant.  Excellent service, would recommend! The owners are also a very nice family.This is a great spot.  It's a small neighborhood restaurant with great food all around.  Don't expect a 5 star layout of the place, it's small with just a few tables, but it's still comfortable and inviting.  The waitress/hostess, i didn't get her name, is super friendly and very good at her job.  It's a BYOB, but honestly, I simply want nothing more than good sushi here, and that is exactly what you get here, every time.  This is definitely a place I try to stop in at least once a week.  You will not be disappointed.I have no clever anecdotes or anything this time. I burnt out on reviewing stuff afternoon but am busting out of my skin with excitement about there being an excellent sushi restaurant so close that I have to write this review now while I listen to Mike play Super Mario Galaxy in the other room.
So Stephen S., the future Mrs. Stephen S., Mike, and I just had dinner here. It is humorously close to the S. household and a new addition to the neighborhood in which we both live, so I'm glad Stephen suggested it as our dining destination tonight. 
Holy shellfish the food here is good. I am going to try to recall everything we ordered - there was a lot. We started off with steamed shrimp shumai and fried veggie gyoza. Small but appetizing (therefore, effective). Between the four of us, we ordered a whole mess of rolls including simple stuff, like the spicy tuna, Philadelphia, and California rolls, all of which were delicious. The real highlights were the four special rolls:  the dragon roll, shaggy dog, spider monkey, and volcano roll. I ordered the spider monkey, which is spicy salmon with soft shell crab (my favorite!) and other tasty things. It rocked my world. I also last second ordered the rainbow roll, which is a tasty little number encased by strips of avocado, salmon, tuna, and whitefish. So good, so good. I sampled all of the others' rolls and they were all very different but incredible in their own ways. Mike's volcano roll was topped with a pile of scallops with hot sauce on them that set my lips on fire for a couple of minutes - delicious. 
For dessert, the S.'s had a bowl of green tea ice cream and a bowl of red bean ice cream that looked yummy. Mike and I split a "Caribbean Monkey". It is hard to mess up fried bananas covered in honey and mango chunks in coconut milk, but this was warm and just tasted special.
The service here is incredibly friendly and there seems to be an understanding that Dasiwa isn't a fancypants, showoffy establishment, but I will gladly sacrifice ambiance and scenery for delicious food in my mouth and eventually in my gullet. It was pretty busy tonight, which is a good thing. The service wasn't perfect and isn't quite working like a swiss timepiece just yet, but I have absolutely no complaints about what they've got going on in there. 
I heard that the menu has expanded significantly from their first few weeks of operation and the selection is somewhat substantial now, so if you've been, I'd suggest returning as soon as possible. Going here with friends is good because it's nice to share with each other and get a whole mess of stuff, but I could see going here on a date and sitting at the sushi bar and enjoying myself. I could eat the food here forever and am already itching to go back.I live in Fairmont and this is my favorite neighborhood sushi spot.  High quality specialty rolls, I've liked everything I've tried and BYOB is a plus for me.  They also deliver within a six block radius.  However,  I wouldn't recommend this for an out of towner or date night.  It's a tiny place with pretty shabby decor and usually just one waitress manning tables.  Great for a casual weeknight meal.My boyfriend, Matt and I were in the city at the Barnes Foundation and wanted sushi for lunch.  Most of the places we knew of are only open for dinner.  So we turned to Yelp and Dasiwa was open for lunch and everyone was giving it great reviews.   We were not disappointed and loved everything!
We walked in and were greeted promptly and were seated.  We were told to look at the lunch specials on the board.  Matt and I both decided to get the maki trio for lunch.  It consisted of a california roll, salmon roll, and a tuna roll.  Matt also ordered miso soup and I ordered a sashimi salad.  The salad was served in a martini glass and had a little bit of heat to it which I liked.  Matt's soup was also great and he enjoyed it.  We both enjoyed our maki trio and it was priced at $17.  While we were there a few customers stopped in for coffee and a pastry and there were 2 other tables.  The staff was friendly and our waters were kept filled.  Dasiwa is a BYOB and would be a great place for a nice dinner.  
I will definitely be back!Great neighborhood spot with quality, tasty sushi. It's a small place, and prices may be a tiny bit on the higher side but nothing outrageous. I've only gotten take-out but it's a cute byob so I could definitely see spending an evening there with a bottle of wine.We were in the Museum area, wanted some quick sushi and found this place on Yelp.  The food was good with a large selection of specialty rolls and a fair price.  The ambiance was definitely scruffy with exposed cables, mail, and Amazon delivery boxes lying around.I liked this place! I decided to stroll the 'hood today until I found something that was worth checking out. There aren't many options. Dasiwa is now on my list of places to walk to in the neighborhood when I don't feel like cooking (that's what happened today). The employee was very nice and attentive but not way too much.  
I had the wildfire sushi and it was delicious! The miso soup was also delish but that's a no-brainer. I'm glad I tried the place out. Will definitely be back for some more sushi.My favorite local sushi place- a great neighborhood institution. Don't let the odd converted storefront look fool you: there's fresh and delicious sushi in there.Great neighborhood sushi spot.  The sashimi is fresh and incredibly generous. The house rolls creative and tasty. Keeps me coming back again and again!Great sushi at a reasonable price! We loved how cozy it was and their service remained attentive even as it began to fill up. Yelp never steers me wrong. Sushi was fresh and we loved the volcano roll and udon noodle soup. BYOB but also takes credit card! Will definitely be back with a bottle next time.In my opinion one of the hardest things to find in a big city is sushi that is cheap but still good quality and that's exactly what is at dasiwa. Great for groups and dates and just getting a snack for yourself.  I recommend pretty much everything on the menu although I personally prefer unagi (eel) at every sushi place. Service was great. Food was lovely and didn't break the bank plan on returning very soonOK, so it's actually a coffee shop at the moment until they get a zoning thing worked out with the city to be able to reintroduce sushi to the menu, but... it's a cool place to hang out, have a cup of coffee, eat a bagel, some quiche, etc. and soak up the local atmosphere.  Lots of neighborhood characters popping in and out (of which I am one) help add to its charm.  And they actually serve a quality cup of coffee or tea! (La Colombe and Mighty Leaf).  Friendly staff too.Very small but a short nice walk from the museum which was our main stop on the trip. Good sushi and great dumplings. Service was a little slow considering it was only us and one other couple in the whole place.Dasiwa is my go-to place to eat in the Fairmount area.  It's sushi is delicious and fresh, and some of their more complicated rolls, such as volcano, firecracker, or orchid are real treats. The sushi isn't cheap, but the prices are pretty fair when compared with sushi anywhere else.  
The real treat at Dasiwa is, however, their udon bowls, which are the best I've had in the city.  They're also a good alternative price-wise, as their udon is very filling.  
Best of all, they're a great coffee shop too!  I haven't ever had a coffee cake as tasty as the one from Dasiwa.  Their coffee is excellent, and they've got a bunch of Italian sodas if you are into a more fun option. 
Honestly, you can't go wrong at Dasiwa.  It's a really great place to eat.I love this place. The sushi is soooo good and the prices are fair. BYOB and quiet. Perfect for a date night.When you want fresh ingredients, served in creative and surprising manner without being concerned with ambiance, prestige or showmanship, this is the spot to go for sushi. Even if you go out of your comfort zone, which I strongly suggest here, and try a roll or sashimi that you wouldn't normally go for you will not be sorry. Because the freshness and quality of the ingredients is so noticeable. The Aspen roll is my husband's absolute favorite; super fresh salmon with a delicious savory, light dressing. As a vegetarian, I cannot get enough of the Orchid (sweet potato tempura roll). It is better than any place I have tried and a perfect, light accompaniment to other heavier rolls and sashimi. 
The ambience is not bad at all but it is very humble and unpretentious. A tiny and clean dining room in a very residential neighborhood, Fairmount; parking can be a nightmare so I suggest Uber, bike or public transportation. Because the food is so good and the atmosphere so laid back, it actually is a good date spot for those who seek "the simple life".One of the best place we ate in the USA. Good food and a very kind waitress.Went here on a Saturday night. Parking took a while. Don't bank on getting a free spot (but luckily I did!) They accommodated the large party of 9. It was a quiet small spot. It wasn't busy at all. Service was excellent. They sushi was great! Fresh of cours. Fast service. BYOB too! They a wide varieties of teas. We had green tea mochi for desert. I would definitely go here again!I heart this place, yo. My boo and I rolled in on a random very very cold Thursday night and we were the only ones there. So I was a little suspicious because I usually associate places that are bumpin' with the goodness of the food. But lo and behold, the service and food were excellent. Definitely the feel of a family run business with like mom making the sushi, dad handing the bills and daughter serving you the food. And everyone was amiable (server was funny and sweet... wonder if she's single should i set her up with my friend?? hmm No, he's not good enough she was that cool). 
I was laughing because I felt like EVERYTHING had avocado in it and I'm sadly newly allergic to it, but obviously they let me order it without the avocado. Verdict: everything was fresh and pleasing to the tongue and eyes.
Best part about this place is that it was laid back and I could totally see myself going there with a bottle of wine (byob!!! awesome!), chompin' on some sushi and browsin the interwebs. A great find for those of us in the Art Museum.This small and cute restaurant recreates the japanese aura. If you have been to japan, you will notice that the very instance you walk in. The sushi is good, and the service, albeit a bit slow is friendly and welcoming.I've come here a number of times for my in the neighborhood sushi fix and always leave pleased. They have a number of specialty rolls for all palates which is nice. The veggie gyoza are amazing and I have to get them every time I go. BYOB which is always a plus. I wish they delivered a tad farther aka to my house but its only about a 7 minute walk for dine in or take out.I've only gone in for breakfast and coffee, haven't tried the sushi yet.  
They're very friendly in here and the prices are much better than a lot of the other spots in the area.  I also love that they don't up charge for flavors syrups and allow you to mix up your coffee however you'd like.  While breakfast is nothing wild, this is a great spot to grab something on the go.The sushi is always fresh and it tastes soo good!  Its a great little neighborhood place and now they deliver!This is very good sushi in an great hole-in-the-wall location. The service was great, the maki were creative, and BYOB is a nice touch. The sushi chef was quite fast compared to many places we've gone. We went before seeing a show at the Mann, and it was a great choice. Prices are fair. I worry about people looking for super-cheap sushi!OMG.. So good.. So so good.  It's such a quaint little place hidden on 26st & Aspen.  BYOB makes it so reasonable.  I enjoyed every bite.  I would so suggest this to anyone who likes sushi and bring your own bottle.  Service & staff really very nice and accommodating......    Enjoy peeps!!!Delicious healthy sushi. Great spot, lovely waitress. Manager was super accommodating to our party of 6 being late. High recommended if in the neighbourhood !!Recently checked this place out. 4.5 yelps. Solid sushi, excellent tuna tar tar...reminded me of raws tuna tartar, which i love. Good service. A little bit pricier than vics, but i liked it better. Will be back.Great neighborhood restaurant.  I can't say enough good things about this place.  The location and décor (lower level space) are deceiving. The food is delicious.  Their tuna rolls and loaded gyoza are my favorite. The prices are great and it's a byob too.  The server is super nice and always gives good recommendations.  Overall, it's a place my boyfriend and I keep going back to and each time, we remember why we love it so much.This just might be my new favorite sushi joint in the city! I wish it was a little closer to me. 
My friends and I stumbled across this place in the middle of the neighborhood following our afternoon in Oval Park. Thanks to its (appropriately) high ratings on Yelp, we decided to stop in.
We split a few of their rolls, and an edamame appetizer, family-style. So unbelievably good. I'm a sushi fanatic and all of the flavor combinations were truly unique and delicious! 
The waitress was such a sweet pea. We were the only party in the restaurant for the majority of our meal and she was truly courteous and attentive.
I honestly can't wait to return. There were so many items on the menu that I wish I had room in my stomach to try! What a gem.After ironing out the kinks, Dasiwa is serving sushi once again! I live around the corner and have ordered take out from here about ten times in the last few months, since they started serving again. The sushi is so phenomenal and so reasonably priced, I am totally hooked. The fish, along with the rest of the ingredients they use, is super fresh and top notch. Lately, I've been craving the udon, which is the perfect comfort dish in these cold winter months.
So far, I've only done take-out, mainly because of my lifestyle (toddler at home). I wouldn't hesitate to dine-in here, either, but for what it's worth, the atmosphere lends itself more to the day-time cafe/coffee house side of things than to a cozy, romantic dinner-type kind of place.
All in all, Dasiwa is a total gem and a great addition to the neighborhood!I stopped here for quick lunch eat. Got Philly roll and tnt roll. Pretty good!!! Came another day and had happy roll. Service was nice and fast and atmosphere is pretty genuine to being japenese establishment. I'd recommend giving it a tryAWEFUL place for take out. The waitress here is SO RUDE. I made order via phone for dragon roll and gyoza. She said you could pick up after 25mints. So I did. But when I got into the restaurant, the order was not ready. They hadn't made it. The waitress told me: "table first." - so does that mean even you make a phone call earlier, if there is a table in the restaurant, your order become less priority. But there was only ONE table with 4 people at that time. There were TWO chief working. I don't know how come a single roll can't be made within almost half an hour. Since the order hadn't been made, I asked the waitress if I could cancel the order. She said:"No you can't cancel. I told you 25 mints but it took longer, you can talk with the chief." Then I talked with the chief, he said:"5 mints." then made me wait. - after 3 mints, they made my roll, the waitress exchanged eyes with the chief and gave me a side-eye. So I politely told her:"I'm not giving you a hard time, but if you think the order will take longer, you can tell me 45 mints. So I don't have to drive here and wait." She didn't apologizes, or being nice, but kept telling me it was not her responsibility. Oh by the way, they forgot my gyoza order. The dragon roll charges for $17.28. I will never come back again.I came here based upon a friend's recommendation.  She told me the place is tiny but a beautiful surprise. My only gripe about this place is the limited street parking. Otherwise, the sushi here is super super amazing. Our table ordered the edamame and Not-cho to start. Edamame was big and perfectly salted, and the Not-cho was a great mix of crunch and freshness. For my entree, I ordered the Spider Monkey Roll, probably the best sushi roll I've had in Philly. Everything was very fresh. Can't wait to go back here. Nom nom nom.Just had dinner here tonight with my gurlfrand who took me out for my birthday! Definitely looked up this cute place on Yelp and then decided to go cuz of the great reviews, and boy am I glad we picked this place! This place definitely has a family-run type of feel - it's very quaint and sweet. BYOB = awesome; brought myself a nice cheap bottle of wine! The prices are reasonable, I would say average - or even better than average - for Philly sushi. Between the 2 of us girls, we ordered shumai, some special seaweed salad (I don't remember what it was called), a volcano roll, an alaskan roll, a dashiwa roll, and salmon sashimi, and we were more than satisfied. THEN the server brings out this special little dish (again, don't remember what it was) that was DELICIOUS and said the chef/sushi master was testing out some new things and just let us try it!! omgosh so good. 
So best part: the owner comes out and offers us 2 shots of free sake. LOL THANKS!! ugh but I had to decline because I had all this work to do when I got back home (which is what I'm clearly doing right now). So he did offer it to all of the other patrons in the restaurant!! There was only another table of 3 and another table of 2 at the restaurant though, so everyone was laughing out loud and talking together. Amazing. Because I couldn't take the sake, they did bring out 2 cups of delicious home brewed americano coffees on the house!
I got a very warm "Happy birthday!" from everyone at the restaurant as we left, including the owner&employees :)
Wow - so generous and sweet! Delicious, good sizes, good prices, and such a comfortable atmosphere. I will be back...very soon!!!!Great sushi, chill coffee house atmostphere, really awesome prices for the caliber sushi that you get. Sad to hear that they might not be open again for a while...
As soon as they do though I am for sure going back...Small restaurant with a little over a handful of tables. We went on a Saturday night at 8PM. No wait and not many other customers. The sushi was good. Tuna Tataki was my favorite. However the scallion pancake was not cooked properly. It was like dough and or an uncooked pancake in the center. We sent it back after two bites. The miso soup was bland. No salt. Even the seaweed and tofu were flavorless. Two sips and that was enough of that. 
It is cheaply priced so not a bad stop for a quick bite to eat for lunch or if you live up the block and don't want to cook for the night. It's not worth the travel otherwise. 
If you go, stick to the cold stuff or the sushi. Kitchen chef was a little off. It's BYOB at no cost. The wait staff was pleasant. 
They kept the scallion pancake on the bill. At $8 I didn't make a big fuss. I just will never go back.Best sushi place every. Definitely a hidden gem! Have to try their amazing appetizer called nach-o or something on the lines of that.I went there Saturday for sushi. Great neighborhood spot. The owner was super hospitable and a great host. The sushi was fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced. We requested the sushi chef's spicy sauce which was awesome. Can't wait to go back to try breakfast. BYOB is also a nice addition.Favorite sushi restaurant in the city. BYOB, slightly divey and very cozy, sweet and attentive waitresses and the BEST sushi for the best value. I love this place mostly because it lacks all the pretension/gimmicky swank of sushi restaurants without compromising the sushi quality at all.
It's got a bit of a Korean twist, so they have some other great stuff on the menu as well. My favorite dish is the Hwe Dup Bop, which is very similar to chirashi (chopped pieces of raw salmon and tuna over rice, with salad and avocado garnish), and it's only $12. There's nowhere else you could possibly get a dish like that for $12. Get over here, for real.