Go somewhere else ? Fuggedabout it! Been coming Here for years. Authentic Italian food and products. Family owned and operated. Always friendly staff...fast service, correctly! Don't know what to get?? MAIN EVENT HOAGIE. Trust me. Its an Italian hoagie on fresh delivered daily bread, piled high with the usually fixins and then homemade roasted red and green peppers and homemade marinated artichoke salad with black olive. Betcha can't finish the whole thing! Macaroni salad is so simple yet amazing! They sell fresh baked goods from a local bakery which are so sinful! Also, they sell beer to go...six packs, forties, or singles! Wine coolers too. Little bit of everything. I promise you won't be dissapponted. Tell them Antonia sent you!Decent place to get a hoagie. The Italian "Main Event" is very nice. Stuffed w/ meat, provolone, roasted peppers & artichokes for $8. Bread is good, but could be better.
Jack's Place still remains the gold standard for hoagies in the N.E, and Philly in general.
Deli items and cheeses never look fresh or appetizing. Large selection of other Italian products, but prices are a bit high.dattilo's is THE best itialian deli in the northeast. They have so much in there and the price is right.  They make sandwiches to order, they cater, and during the summer, there is waterice for the kids. there's outdoor seating to enjoy your lunch and they have everything you could need for a make your own hoagie night at home. their rolls are the best around too! definitely gotta check them outAlways a pleasure to stop buy and pick up anything. Moving from NY I was in search of a proper Italian deli and Datillos meets that criteria. Very grateful we have this in our area.Love their hoagies. Hot sandwiches are great too. Not too many delis left in the area that make food with high quality ingredients and not stingy on portions.Had a cheese steak from them yesterday awesome great food one of the best cheese steak everThis place is the only one I think of when I think of real Italian food and atmosphere on this side of the ocean! I worked here when I was in college. Two brothers - Siro and Frank, were like fathers to all of us - 16,17,18,19-year olds who were trying to make some money while staying out of trouble. The best bosses, the most-attentive to details when it comes to cleaning the food equipment and making sure every customer is served like a family member. If you ever want the best of the best sandwiches in America, go there, ask for Siro and ask him to make you what Jimmy the Russo used to make himself for lunch - an Imported Prosciutto hoagie with little oil, lettuce, tomato and onion, oregano and VERY IMPORTANT - their homemade marinated mozzarella and roasted peppers!!! .... OMG, I think I just swallowed my tongue.Everything I've ordered here has been great .... Hoagie Tray got rave reviews at a recent family party... I order the Hot Roast Pork all the time, and I like it more every time I get one ... great little place in NE philly!!!I was very impressed with Dattilo's. It felt very authentic. You can tell real Italians with high standards are running this place. The guys working behind the counter are both efficient and friendly. I didnt look around too much because I knew what I was craving, the Hot Roast Pork with Sharp Provolone and Broccoli Rabe. It cost $6.50 for a 1 footer and they didnt skimp on the meat. It was absolutely delicious. They have all of your standard Philly sandwich selections, they just do it better than anyone in the Northeast. You can also buy fresh meats, cheeses, breads and even homemade tomato sauce with meatballs. Its a must visit if you are a Northeaster.I am a nice Jewish boy from the neighborhood,  so I won't and can't eat pork, ham, shellfish or non - kosher meats. In spite of those limitations, this deli is GREAT.
Excellent olives, brochilli rabe, sun dried tomatoes,  light tuna, and much more.The best homemade meatballs on Earth. Everyone there is super nice and helpful. You will leave there, go home and STILL smell like the deli. :)
The address and neighborhood is incorrect. The correct location is at 8000 Horrocks Street, 19152.The best place in the NE for  Italian goodies and lunch meat the staff is always A+++every pepper u can imagine alson great pork & beef sandwich with the roasted peppers cheeses & to much to list a must & everything looks & taste freshDatillo's is the REAL DEAL.  I didn't think I liked Italian hoagies till I came here and tried theirs.  The Main Event sandwich is piled high with meat and fresh marinated veggies that set it apart from the rest.  Plus that bread!!  Fresh and soft on the inside, but with a lovely crust that has got some crisp to it.  The roll really brings it home.
My other purchases included a package of frozen P&S cheese ravioli (because they're the best), and some of Datillo's house-made rice pudding.  The rice pudding was tasty and I would eat it again (I'm still loyal to Cozy Shack though - judge your hearts out).
My coworker has brought in cured meats for me before because I have trouble finding certain varieties near me, and they are always awesome.
Come here for an authentic Italian deli experience.This is a really good, authentic Italian deli. Theres meat and mozzarella balls hanging around, and old Italian ladies buying proscuitto, and 15 guys behind the counter conversing with the customers. The 2 times I've been here, I've gotten a really good sandwich and fries, although it IS a little pricey. I'm in this area often, so I plan on stopping by many times in the future.I love not only this deli but all the guys who work here too!  I've been coming here for years and even when I hadn't been in for a while the guys recognized me and greeted me by name when I came back!  They also remember my babygirl when I bring her in and give her a lollipop which she loves.  Great selection of meats and cheese, as well as homemade sausage and meatballs, different salads, fresh rolls, and the best cannolis in the city.  Yes in the city!  I love cannolis and they are the best here.  Great hoagies here as well.Recently ordered a hoagie from here and unlike times in the past, I truly did not enjoy it.  I used to think of Datillos as one grade above Primo. But the most recent hoagie I ordered tasted much more on par with Wawa- soft roll, jarred Pickles.. I hate to say it but I think I'll try another deli in the future.I love this place. All the men meaning every single one of them are friendly and helpful. I go there with a million questions and they always help me. They give you samples to make sure it's the right thing you ordered. Hoagies are great and meatballs are as well. Potatoe salad is great and the olives are fresh. Everything about this place is greatAwesome authentic food!  A pure treasure.    A must go to place!    It's the best in the Northeast!For all of us in Northeast Philly who either don't have the time or just don't (like me) want to brave the winter cold to go to a deli at the Italian Market, this is the place to go. As soon as you walk in you are made to feel at home. Everyone is greeted with a smile. Not a "Oh crap, my boss is looking" smile but one that's genuine. Nice. The sandwich's are made to order and huge  and beautiful fresh Italian rolls. 
So many of their meats and cheese are home made and delicious. Not only that but if you need something and don't see it, they'll either make or order it for you. I recently wanted to make beef Carpaccio an appetizer with veal osso bucco as a main. Not finding the veal shanks and looking disappointed and probably lost, one of the owners asked what he could do to help. I explained my menu and without a seconds hesitation he said not a problem He asked for a phone number and a time frame. Done. What I found was beautifully thin and fanned out beef and perfect shanks.
If you go, get the house made hard salami (they'll slice it for you) and the wonderful sharp provolone.I absolutely love the sandwiches here. They're all super tasty and you get so much for the money you pay. The staff is great and super friendly. Dattilo's is the best kept secret of Northeast Philly.You know when you drive by a place at least once a week and you always want to stop but you don't?  Well today I did. WOW. What a place. Italian specialty store with a amazing deli!!! I can wait to go back and get Home made sausage! Italian cookies and pastries. The sandwich I had had artichoke hearts on my Italian!!!! It was fantastic. I will be stopping here a lot !!!!They have the best tuna and cheese sub I've ever had! The guys at the counter are really helpful, patient, and pleasant.This is a pretty authentic Italian deli. It's a great alternative to the Italian market in south Philly. I had an Italian hoagie from here and it was a serious contender in the world of sandies. Actually everyone in there was speaking Italian while I was standing in line for their amazing cannolis. The cannoli shells and filling were clearly homemade and delicious. They do need to be chilled for a bit before you dig in, otherwise you end up drinking a sweet cheese cream filling out of their tasty shells. Everything I've had here was great and I highly recommend it to anyone whose passing by.Simply amazing hoagies. Their meat is very fresh and their sides is full of flavor. The only thing they are missing is fresh bread. I read an elite Yelper raving how good their cannoli were, so I had to try some. She wasn't exaggerating about good it was and possibly the best in Philly.This is one of, if not the best Italian Deli in Northeast Philly.  I have been going there for over 30 years.  The quality of "every" product is outstanding!  It is family owned and operated and they could not be nicer or more friendly.
Many of the items are homemade, including the Porchetta!  It is fabulous!!  They also make sandwiches with great, fresh Italian Rolls.
You can even special order Leg of Lamb for the holidays.  If you're in Northeast Philly and are looking for an Italian Deli, by all means go there!!Great Italian market. Great veal, great sausage, great bread. Respectable selection of cheeses, deli meats, and anti pasta. This is a local treasure.A great authentic Italian deli. We always go here for sandwiches, fresh meats and their cannolis!! Super fresh and yummy plus it's a family business so the workers are always nice.Great place just as good as south philly but they take advantage of being the only one around selling you good Italian for and charge you a arm and a leg it should be illegal go to south philly get the same food for half the price !!!My Mom has shopped and raved about this place for years. When I found myself running an errand just down the road I figured I had to give it a try since I'm never in this area. I may just have to make sure I am in the future...
Coming from South Philly, it was a taste of home.  Fresh pastas and breads, even breadsticks I've been on the search for. They sell homemade sauce or "gravy" depending on which Italians you're taking to. All the stinky cheeses your heart desires. Lots of imported Italian goodies. Sold per piece, breaded, pounded chicken cutlets and other meats. 
They supposedly make killer made to order stuffed hoagies and have uber friendly guys behind the counter.
 They also carry Corroppolose famous tomato pie and Philly soft pretzels.
 I also noticed some Jewish deli favorites such as Zayda's pickles and Kelchner's sauces. 
I did notice the cannoli and chocolate covered cannoli shells atop the counter waiting to be filled! 
My purchases were house marinara, ready to slice, seasoned basil garlic polenta, tomato pie and fresh loaf of bread. We were happy with everything! I've been wanting to try making polenta at home and this stuff was easy to just slice and bake! Low cal too! 
Mom always gets thinly sliced rib eye here which she makes into steak sandwiches my brother and dad say are comparable to Steve's Prince of Steaks! 
I'm definitely coming back to grab a hoagie and some meat for hubs. I'm impressed with the selection, the authenticity, customer service and  small town feel this place has.The homemade hot soppressata & the Prima Dona cheese=amazing! Their soppressata has to be the best I've ever had - I don't even remember having one that good while in Italy. If you're creating a charcuterie board, it's definitely worth driving out to the NE to pick some up. Beware - extremely spicy! Although, perhaps I have a wimpy tolerance. It still doesn't stop me.This place is the truth...it's sad I use to go to wawa bc I didn't know this place existed. Homemade is why it's so good, it's an Italian deli so I expected the Italian meats to be great and they are but even their homemade turkey is excellent people just look at my hoagie and ask where did you get that. I eat these hoagies too quickly to post a pic but they look just as good as they taste whenever I'm in the NE this is gonna be my spot.Add this to my prior reviews.
As I noted, I am Jewish, and I will not eat non-Kosher meats (incl. deli), shellfish, ham, etc.I recently ordered a broccholi rabe hoagie, with great olive oil, sharp provolone cheese, and all the fixings. A home run.
Also, their hot roasted veggie hoagies are terrific. Their huge green Cerignola olives are superb! Great rolls and breads!
...and nice people, too!
A++++This is the best hoagie I've ever had.. the Main Event Hoagie is fantastic. I love to have it with extra sweet peppers, everything is just perfect. The staffs here is very friendly and helpfulThis Italian deli is basically very good.
They have fair prices and fresh foods.
The bread and lunchmeats and cheeses
are good. Good meatballs!
However--lately-a few items there need some
"tweaking". Bought the marinated mushroom salad
and the oil they used in it tasted like motor oil--it was horrible.
Veal sausage was over inundated with black pepper-not good.Dattilo's is an old fashion, neighborhood place - great product and great customer service.  My husband and I go every few weeks to load up on Parma, Provolone, Parmigiano-Reggiano and their homemade sausage.  Everything is delicious!  For me, the absolute standout is their fresh ricotta which is perfectly salted and has great consistency.  Datiilo's is so much more than a deli - it is an Italian specialty shop.  Relocating from South Philly this is such a great find for us.  We feel at home just walking in to this place.Datillo's has been around as long as I can remember. Excellent hoagies, excellent staff, all around great place! 
It's rare to find a genuinely decent deli in the Northeast anymore. Dattilo's has been around and remained consistent for years- that's why they're still in business and will be for years to come!The best cheesesteak in Philly. Forget all the hype about Gino's and pats . You want a real cheesesteak? Go to Datillos,  they also make hoagies etc . and another one of my fav is the hot pork sandwich with sharp provolone  . Try it out you won't be disappointed.My husband and I go here at least a couple times a month. Their hoagies are delicious and are packed!  The family that owns this deli is so friendly and personable. They sell Italian pastas, fresh mozzarella, lunch meats and cheeses, bread, tomato pie, pints of Bassett's ice cream, fresh tomato sauce, rice pudding, pasta salad, cannolis, beer, chips, and the list goes on. Always a happy customer!Been to Dattilo's Deli several times but never tried their Pizza Steak. Today was the day! Very good overall. They used a seeded roll, homemade mozzarella cheese and sauce and ribeye meat. The sandwich was very flavorful and definitely gives any other steak sandwich place in Fox Chase/Rhawnhurst a run for their money. 
On a side note, their hoagies are wonderful. I recommend the Main Event. Other friends have recommended the hot roast beef. Also worth mentioning the kind and attentive staff.My favorite deli around. They've been a area staple for years - because they do it right. 
Great homemade everything. 
For some of you younger folks - if you ever want to know the ambiance of a old school mom and pop deli ( not wawa or subway) this is the place. 
If you're making  Sunday dinner i highly suggest Dattilos meatball mix, Hot sausage, Braciole, Bread and their sauce...or you can have it ready to go. 
The place smells like Deli meets Italian Sunday. 
They always have a crew working - because they're busy and busy means they're doing it right.The Main Event! Enough Said!  What a great place in NE Philly!Nice Italian deli plenty of good eats sandwiches pastries  breads, hoagies soup's. Seems like the big hit is the "main event hoagie", however along with my main event hoagie I ordered a oven roasted turkey hoagie, both were delicious. Fresh cannolis made while you wait.  Plenty to look and purchase while you wait for order to process. I suggest calling ahead for pick up. Out door seating also available no sitting inside. 
Be prepared to take the aromas of the place with you.What can I say... ? I love these men and Ma!!! My meat has always been tasty and I loved all my food. Always clean and professional.Dattilo's is awesome. It a REAL neighborhood market with REAL food. This place is timeless and perfect. Awesome homemade Italian, fresh breads, and real roasted Rb, Turkey, and Ham for sandwiches. 
Good for a quick to-go sandwich, cold cuts to take home, or the makings for Sunday Dinner. 
In addition- they make you feel like family. Just an added bonus!All I can say is 'Really Great Job' to Dattilo's.
They took care of a late catering order for me the same day and didn't blink an eye. The recipient's were pleased as usual (because they are regulars). The food was absolutely delicious and fresh and the service was on-point!  Premium Italian fare that you will know immediately after tasting.
If you want authentic Italian foods far better than any of the places you've been to, then go to Dattilo's Deli. You won't be disappointed.Italian Hoagie? Oh my, lord. The meat-to-lettuce-to-tomatoes-to-onions-to-banana peppers-ratio was perfect. Some oil, and the bread. Oh, the bread. A perfectly crusted, seeded roll with just the right amount of dough. 
I'm dying for one right now.My new best friend is the guy that was sitting outside and told me to go back inside and get the Rice pudding.  Everyone was great!  Flavor was great!  Prices were great!  I got a cheesesteak with mushrooms.  The meat, fried onions and mushrooms together were as good as any steak house.  save room for the cannoli and rice pudding.Always the best of everything! Thanks Vince for ordering my stuffed peppers special, and always providing the best customer service and highest quality products that takes me back to my Italian childhood.Such an excellent place! I've lived 15 minutes away my entire life but I've only just had the chance to try their sandwiches - a short I won't make again. I hope this place is able to beat the odds and stay in this neighborhood forever. With Geiger's, Hesh's and other immigrant-family places going out, I really hope this one will survive. Give them a try!Never a disappointment! Dattilo's always provides the freshest food. Quality is outstanding. The staff is knowledgeable and personable. Dattilo's is a true neighborhood treasure!This is my favorite hoagie shop by far. They have great food, the people are friendly and the shop is clean. They also have fresh made cannoli's and cookies that are delicious. There's also a little grocery store with a few isles of food. A lot of Italian foods that you can buy. I think the prices are fair.I've been going to Datiilo's for years now.  I have zero complaints about the quality of anything they sell.  The meats, cheeses, peppers, Italian specialty products, breads, etc., are all top notch.  I never came away from there disappointed in that way.
The thing that is beyond annoying about this place are the constant stream of angry, ignorant people who feel the need to announce their extreme right-wing views to anyone within a hearing distance of an entire city block.  
And if you know the Northeast, you are well aware of the fact they keep rolling on like a machine, talking junk when they don't have a clue about anything beyond a two block radius of their rowhouse.
It's so true how bad apples spoil the bunch.  I don't have to subject myself to trash and it's a shame because Dattilo's is a place I depended on for quality at good prices. 
But ... there is only so much ignorant I can handle.  Between the right-wing crap and the constant stream of questions about what every Italian product is - and then just ordering a friggin' hoagie when you get done with the ten thousand questions - I figured I'll save myself gas and aggravation in the future and shop closer for what I want.My man loves this spot. I try to stay away from the carbs and meats but when I don't...this place is on the must have list?Familia has been going here for years, usually to get lunch meat, steak, rolls, ravioli, sauce etc... All that said, I ordered a Ham and Cheese hoagie from there last week and fell in love. Its become my quintessential favorite Hoagie, i dared myself to say it was the best, since ive had so many - Nonetheless, it is superb there, i could go on & on forever.Very consistent and always delicious! Best Hoagie in town and love the staff. Very friendly and welcoming!This is the second time I've had Dattilo's and I swear to God I'm going to sue the crap out of them! Their cheesesteak hoagie is soooo got damn good I almost slapped tf out of my momma!! 
I moved from Tacony to Holmes Circle and needed to find a legit deli that could rival Marinucci's. Well ladies and gents, this place not only rivals but I believe is the victor of the two. They also sell beer here as well which I love. I have also tried the chicken cutlet and my gawd I almost kicked me gf down the stairs it's so damn good! (Ok let me stop I sound abusive bahaha)Not even sure how I have not posted about Dattilo's yet since I have been coming here for many years. I might be a bit daft. I loved everything I have tried. Since I just noticed my fault I will share my 
dinner from a few nights ago.
The burger is fresh ground, large and scrumptious. Love the roll it's napping on. Oh yeah and it's so cheap too.
Mozz sticks are house made so you better believe your tootsies they are perfect.
Lastly, for the first time trying the chicken cutlet. Outstanding, will be enjoying it on the regular for sure. 
A shout out to the unpictured cheese steaks & meatballs many times in the past. Both a divine choice. Anything here really is a sure hit. So go NOW!My go to spot for chipped steak.  They also get Gino's rolls from Mayfair, which in my opinion are the best around.  Dattillo's always has the best service too!!  From reading the reviews, next time I go in I'll order a hoagie, never had one from there.My daughters went after school almost every day, just for the macaroni salad. I've gone there for years, for everything from catering to daily meal shopping. Always fresh and always good. It's always nice to walk in and get a smile and great service!Read previous comments and still was not prepared for how delectable my sub was. The saying goes "Quality over quantity" well their subs would be considered both. Pasta salad was great as well.Great sandwiches. Made a special run there because of reviews of their cheesesteak. It's worth it. There hoagie is excellent as well. Nice people tooExcellent deli.  Very good hoagies.  I love the fact that they carry all kinds of Italian meats since I love cooking Italian.  The prosciutto that you find in the supermarket is most definitely not the same quality as Dattilo's carries. Same with their rolls.  They're the right kind of roll.  Hard outside, soft inner.  Philadelphians know the difference, but supermarkets just don't get that.  They carry all kinds of delicacies here.  Even the juice brands here I've not found elsewhere and they are delicious.  The guys working behind the counter are always extremely pleasant and fun to deal with.  If ever you are unsure of something they're always willing to help, even allowing you to try out something before you make the purchase making your decision making easier.  Thumbs up to Dattilos.  Great place to grab a hoagie, real Italian deli, great bread, meats and other unique condiments.I consider myself lucky to be so close to this wonderful store!  I went last week to buy the meats and cheeses I needed to make 
Muffalettas.  I had a screen shot of the ingredients but I took out my phone and it was dead.  When I said I had to go get a charger cord Anthony Dattilo asked me what I was making, then rattled off every ingredient, changed the two loaves of bread that I had picked for flatter ones and showed me a jar of olive salad, which was already premixed with Jardiniere!  
    The young man who sliced the meats was such a perfectionist that each 1/2 lb of slices looked like one thick chunk!  I never saw anyone slice the sharp provolone so perfectly thin.  
   Anthony then helped me carry the bags out and put them in my car.  I don't have any plans to move from the neighborhood but if I did I'd have to drive back to Rhawnhurst every week just to go to Dattilo's!!Awesome sandwiches, old school Italian corner store 
This is the type of place where they're sincere about customer service and have pride in their business. 
Go...... eat! You will absolutely not be disappointed!Got the Datillos Steak sandwich, flavor was good meat was juicy not dry. The cheesesteak could have used more meat, was a little skimpy as compared to other well known spots. Seeded roll was good as well. Overall good cheesesteak but not in my top three. 
Next time will try some of the famous italian hogies.Their hoagies are AMAZING! Great vibe in the deli as well. Call ahead and place your order because they can get busy. Try the Italian hoagie for sure!Datillo's is the best deli in the Northeast! The ingredients taste fresh and all the deli meats and cheeses are so flavorful. I've had the pork and meatball  sandwiches, turkey and italian hoagies, and cheesesteaks. The BEST meatballs and delicious sauce. The employees are so sweet as well. I'll never go to another deli.Been going there for over 45 years since mom sent me for the gravy
Awesome fresh made to order sandwiches
Don't tell mom but I buy their meatballs
To die for....
They got breaded ready to fry chicken cutlet and ground meat and the best sliced deli cheese and made to cut blocks of cheeseEverything about this place is awesome except that awning outside...LOL
Authentic Italian goodies, friendly service, good prices. I love this place.  Try the hoagies :-)They have the best roasted turkey in the world. And the mayo they use is super tasty. That is all.Anyone from NE Philly knows Datillo's is the only deli to go to for authentic Italian cheese and meat. 
Family run and so friendly...I've been coming here for over 20 years. I won't go anywhere else for prosciutto, provolone or long hots. They slice everything perfectly, and, unlike most deli counters at supermarkets, won't give you an attitude when you ask for something "thin". 
Try the broccoli rabe and provolone sausage...which, btw, is made fresh and absolutely delicious. I've never had a bad experience at Datillo's and I would go here over the Italian market any day.Best cheese selection and cold cuts out of Center City that they are in the NortheastWas in the neighborhood and needed a bite to eat - so glad Dattilo's popped up on Yelp!
The bread alone is amazing - but I had an excellent (and enormous) hot roast pork hoagie with roasted peppers and provolone cheese. My sister-in-law & her mom also really enjoyed their sandwiches!
We also loved all the jars of deliciousness lining the aisles as well - I could've grabbed several items just to try out. What a great deli feel!
Can't wait to be back in the area to pop into Dattilo's again!Stopped in today for lunch. I've been by this place a million times, I stopped because a friend recently recommend. I'm sure glad I did. I ordered the traditional Italian. Wow I was shocked, the meat was very fresh as was the roll. The prices were spot on for this type of hoagie. My only negative would be the chip selection. Im sorry but when I eat a nice hoagie I like a good bag of chips. It's something that can be easily overlooked though. I'm glad I stopped, next time I'm in the area I'll stop. See you soon..First time at "deli" in years..hoagie were fabulous...tuna with sharp provolone was fresh, tasty, and overstuffed with tuna...ordered it with l,t and onions...can't wait to try others...Danish blue cheese was reasonably priced, fresh and delicious...staff was friendly and helpfulA friend was raving about their cheesesteaks and said she wanted to treat me to one today for lunch.  I haven't had a cheesesteak in a while so I took her up on her offer, plus I was hungry!  Lol so we stopped in.  There was a line but it moved quickly.  Ordered my cheesesteak with mushrooms and onions.  We took them to her house to enjoy and OMG it was really really good!  Quality ingredients are key, always!  I will absolutely make a trip up there the next time I'm craving a cheesesteak!Located in the heart of Rhawnhurst, this deli is a popular favorite of Philadelphia and suburban surrounding areas. Offers a ton of great Italian favorites.Datillo's Italian Deli is a staple destination in the  Rhawnhurst neighborhood of Northeast Philly.  It has a fine selection of Italian  meats and treats that is always well-stocked.  And it does a fine Philly  hoagie.  Which Philly hoagie is it especially famous for?  You guessed it - the  Italian one.  Nicely put together and of good size as well as being fairly  priced, this is a great pit stop if you ever find yourself in the Rhawnhurst  area.  Maybe just another slice or two of meat and cheese with a few hot peppers and I could put this  hoagie in the five-star stratosphere ... but I don't think you will be  displeased with biting into one of these tasty creations in its present  form.They do hoagies n meats well but their cheesesteak idea is not a good on. i ordered with onions n hot peppers and they gave me no onions n pickles instead of hot peppers. Mark me disappointed.