As a late night spot to grab some eats, this place is pretty darn good. It's an above average chinatown restaurant to begin with, so it stands up pretty well compared to other late night options.  I usually get a salty fish and chicken fried rice with some mapo tofu and salt and pepper pork.  Of course, anything that comes in a clay pot (or hot pot) is pretty mouth watering also. 
I've never been there during normal hours and I'm usually pretty tipsy (or tired) when I get there so I guess there's a chance it's not as good as I think... but I doubt it.Go somewhere else if you want real fresh authentic Chinese. Went here late night for the first time in years when there were no options. I usually prefer Jade Harbor or Thai Lake for legit Cantonese food in Chinatown. This place seems to cater towards Non-Asians and also attracts undesirables late night. If you order something authentic like Crab Meat Fish Maw Soup or Seafood Pan Fried Noodles, it has no taste and seems like it is flash frozen and microwaved. They just push out their Salt and Pepper Wings, General Tso, and Lo Mein, the typical American Chinese food you can get at your local Chinese spot, which is probably fresher. Also, I would not recommend anyone ordering seafood here. Mai Lei Wa is disgusting, overcrowded, rude staff, and overpriced. Spend your money elsewhere.Love the food and customer service. Its one of the few places thats been around for a long time. Not much has changed since the last time I was there in the 90's.Based on the reviews, this place sounds like a hang out for the club kids after hours. But for day time dinning, there are much better food within a block in any direction. The wanton noodle soup was so so. The beef chow fun was okay but not something to write home about. The atmosphere is your typical American/Chinese place. When I was there some one next to us order an egg drop soup! Damn, I have not hear anyone order that for a long long time.Im a big fan of this late night chinese place. It is one of the only restaurants that is open pretty damn late on the weekends. It gets super packed (afterhour) and becomes a total chaos! I still give this a 4 star b/c they do a superb job getting your order right and getting you the tasty grub (everything taste AWESOME at 2 am). I always get their salt and pepper chicken wings and their House pan fried noodles. The servers are a bit rude but hey i dont blame them. They have to cater to drunk customers all night. They also have beer and liquor that they serve till a certain time. Overall i would def recommend this place to my fellow Yelpers to try out!This is my definite go to place to solve my late night munchies especially after leaving Old City after a night of drinking lol..  The food is pretty good and its not too bad for the price... but I can't quite say the same about the service. Its a pretty hit or miss but I would say that's most chinese restaurants in Chinatown.. right?I've been coming to this place since I started living in Philly. No matter what day, hour, or holiday I go, David's is always serving up great food. I've taken friends and family here countless times and they always feel the same way. Their egg drop soup is FANTASTIC, definitely one of (if not the) best bowl in Chinatown.So last night, we pour ourselves in a cab, and my companion directs the driver to David's Mai Lai Wah. Admittedly, it was difficult to focus on anything at that point, but three wise words from the driver wedged themselves into my exhausted, boozy brain: duck lo mein. 
We arrived at David's and I excitedly scanned the menu - no duck lo mein in sight. Disheartened, I decided it wouldn't hurt to at least ask. The reaction from the waiter was the best reaction I have ever received upon ordering food, a combination of wonder and excitement and deep approval. Apparently, that cab driver is the only person who ever orders duck lo mein, and I am honored that he found my companion and I worthy recipients of his secret. So now, dear Yelpers, I pass on the secret to you - duck lo mein. It is exquisite, delicious, filling - juicy, succulent duck with slightly crispy skin, perfectly seasoned, and the noodles - oh, the noodles!
The portions are large and the price is small, so you'll have lunch the next day. I'll say it one more time, in case you missed it: duck lo mein.The worst service I've ever had in my entire life! We were waiting for awhile and the waiter totally ignored us and gave the table to the white people who were behind us.  The waiter was rude and told us to shut up when one of my co-workers was asking for the bill. You can totally see the difference in the service they gave toward white people vs. non-white. The food is okay but not worth waiting. Heed my advice, don't go here for Chinese food, there are much better places in Chinatown!
BTW, if I could give no stars I would!!Definitely one of the BEST after hours restaurants to hit up after a long night in the city.  I haven't been here in a while, but from what I remember, food was pretty good - although everything is probably good at 3am after a few drinks.  And I have to give shout outs to the wait staff and David for putting up with my drunk friends this late in the evening.  And I definitely agree with Dave H - quick service, considering the time of night...
I still have yet to try this place during the day...Food is pretty good esp. the fried dumplings and the fried chicken, but the workers are really rude. I hate it when the service sucks...Mai Lai Wah, you're so good to me.
The great thing about Mai Lai wah is that it isn't JUST a place for folks that may stumble in after a night of boozing - it tastes just as good completely sober, so that basically means three thumbs up (one for when you're boozy, one for when you're hungover, and one for when you're sober)!
You can't go wrong with the salt and pepper chicken wings or squid, dumplings (the best anywhere, period), and beef lo mein. 
The staff may be nasty but as long as the food is this good, I can overlook that.Probably my favorite Chinese joint in the whole City. They are open really late, and the food is always excellent. They have a great selection of standard fare Chinese food. If your there, ask for the noodle menu, and try their different tasty noodle soups. They also have excellent dumplings. As far as alcohol goes, they have a decent selection, Tsingtao beer,  among other Imports and Domestics. You can also get Saki Wine if you like. Another thing I like about this place is they give you orange slices at the end of the meal. Something about that makes for a more enjoyable meal.Salt and pepper wings are the bomb, this place is cool for hitting up after the club or on lunch for some great chinese foodHands down best late night Chinese food in the city. I come here all the time with friends to get sweet and sour chicken at 1am! The place is always packed!David's is my favorite Chinese restaurant in Philly.  Its my Chinese home away from home, and a place that I know I always have a seat at.  I have been going there since the 80s and it has only gotten better.  The food is outstanding!   Don't order off the menu ask a Danny to cook for you or Ling to choose something.   If you want pho-chinese this isn't the place.  Get something different and you will be happy.  If you want some good old american Chinese try the Walnut Shrip and Scallops.   The Hong Kong Wonton Special soup is better than Mom's Chicken noodle!late at night when i'm hankering for good grub, my stomach automatically signals to brain --- fried dumplings from mai lai wah. unfortunately the move to los angeles renders me unable to get my fix, but i encourage all fluffy-delphians to get it while it's hot. the wait staff is super sweet. if you're ever stuck for a place to go to eat at 3 a.m. after a night of clubbing, you can't go wrong with the fried dumplings.The food may be a bit questionable (although not terrible), but where else are you going to get piping hot Chinese food at 3am on a weeknight?dependable, fast, warm and comforting. i love this place, much like i love my favourite blanket.
mai lai wah has better sauces, though....Highly disappointed! We arrived at 1:45am on a Sunday. The sign promised that the restaurant was open until 3, But the night manager refused to let a group of perfectly-mannered patrons (who arrived right before us) eat.  I should mention that their group had been OK'ed and a table was promised to the Caucasian female who had arrived first before the rest of the group, but when the rest of the group showed up and happened to be primarily Black, the night manager told them the restaurant was all of a sudden closed! We were so shocked. We chose to leave rather than give our money to that place!I'm a fan!
Who needs good service when your food is the bomb, right? To be honest, the service was the only thing standing between David and that fifth star! 
The fried dumplings were yummy and affordable! We actually only got dumplings and a couple other "snacks". We ordered about 50 of em! And they were cooked well, extremely juicy and flavorful (the only way a dumpling should be, am I right?). 
Egg rolls, spring rolls and wonton soup were also a hit!I eat at a lot of chinatown places, and this is my favorite.  
It is good, cheap chinese food... just the way it was intended to be made! I have no had one bad thing from there yet.  AND it is open really really late.
Things I like:  Shrimp Egg rolls, egg drop soup, all the fried rices, shrimp lo mein, shrimp with vegetables, and well... everything else they have.  Their spicy food is every good and I usually hate spicy food!
+ they take credit cards (rare for chinatown)
+ Cheap, dirt cheap
(-) they don't deliver... which is probably good or I would be eating here way too much!!!No idea where or why the neg reviews are coming from for this establishment!! It has been one of the best "in the know" restaurants for decades. Obviously for the late nite crowd, but honestly, apart from the rather depressing attitude/pose of some servers, in my 30 yr experience in Philadelphia, the food is as good as any I've had in Chinatown. It used to be more cheerful back in the day I swear... but generations of drunken morons have probably taken a toll. Hope it will continue to revive and survive long into the future!It was once Fried Dumplings, Salt & Pepper Shrimp / Squid / Scallop, all the way. Now it's just a place to avoid.
These people HATE their customers. Been here hundreds of times. This WAS a great place to get Chinese food late night. I was a huge fan going back years. But the truth is, sadly, Mai Lai Wah has become just another nasty place in Chinatown with some of the worst service you will find anywhere.
I actually walked out on my takeout order the last time I was there, having already paid for it. "15 minutes" they said. I sat there quietly for 45 minutes. My food wasn't even starting to come out of the kitchen yet (I'm well familiar with the "fried dumpling dance" and takeout order assembly line in the kitchen). Two people who ordered takeout after me got their food before me. Other people are complaining about their orders, arguing about the bill, or complaining that they their orders haven't been taken yet. And here I was still waiting, patiently, quietly. 
Then I realized I had better just leave. 
No $22 worth of Chinese food is worth dealing with this crap. If I ask for a refund, they won't give me one. And do I want to eat food made by people who hate me?
So the credit card company gave me my money back.
Within the last couple of years, the service has really, really slipped. They are so disorganized now, getting food orders mixed up, making people wait forever, mixing up checks, etc. Bathrooms are nastier than ever. I looked past the COCKROACH scurrying across the floor a couple years ago, thinking "that can happen to an old place." 
But lately, with the turn towards even worse service, I can't look past the obvious. You have to be drunk, stoned, stupid, or from out of town to like this place.
This place is a dump.I'm going to keep this short, and to the point. This place is excellent, I have never been disappointed. 
-Unpretentious 
-no frills
-Filling
-Excellent preparation
-far and above better than any "take out joint"  I have had, and feels more "authentic" than the more trendy " Asian fusion" restaurants popping up. 
-Open lateIt was ok. Would give it more so 3 1/2 stars. Good dumplings... Chicken ok. Still haven't found great egg foo young in philly. They do serve cheap alcohol.I haven't really dined in her but we did take a Togo from here one evening. Their chicken wings are delicious. Definitely coming back for that and maybe we'll also have a chance to try the other foods. Kind of bummed that they don't open till the afternoon but I guess it's because they're open till late in the morning. It is very crowded inside when you first walk in through the doors but they're very fast when presenting their food, just like any other Chinese restaurant. So I dont worry about waiting too long when taking a To Go order.Where else would I get my chicken fix after a night of drinking with friends at 3 am? NO WHERE ELSE.
Honestly, I've only had the chicken here--because it is bomb. I really like looking at the other patrons sitting around me once I sober up a little bit and *feel* the cohesion in the restaurant with the hodge-podge array of people who made some bad choices, but redeemed themselves by coming here in the early morning. 
My friends and I first stumbled upon this place, as we are all not from Philly but in college nearby, after leaving Hopsing's the friendly owner recommended this place to us. He told us Will Smith came here to eat before (lol I/m pretty sure he made that up and is probably friends w/ the owner here---but w.e.). 
I keep telling myself I should come here during normal dining hours to see what it's like (if the customers are different, lol). I also find myself wondering if this restaurant is like Chinatown's mafia gang hq--because I get that feel when I'm here. 
Honestly, their friend chicken is sooo good and the only fried chicken I eat. 
*BEWARE, this is not freaking Morimoto or anything, so know where you're dining at before you eat & complain about it on yelp. The waiters here are always courteous and nice even though we're sometimes rowdy--apologies to my fellow 3am-ers.*Worst customer service that I've ever been too! Family and I arrived at restaurant at 2 am just to be physically pushed out of business with angry man saying they are closed. The business didn't close until 3 am. He continue to yell within the restaurant at others dining telling them that they won't be served. I asked if he was the manager and owner and he said yes. He then proceeded to turn the lights off on the dining guest and told them that they were closed and to leave. I would never return to this place. WORST customer service everTo my memory, this is probably the first Chinatown Restaurant I have ever been to in my life. I was probably just a little boy when I first stepped into this little corner hut. Then after my young years, I would only venture into this restaurant after the club closes, as it is one of the few places still up and running.
Fast foward to yesterday. We were looking for a quick bite in Chinatown and decided to stumble into David's Mai Lai Wah to order the Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings. We got that, and added some roast duck and soy sauce chicken. First off, the wings were amazing. Fried perfectly with a crunch that could be easily defined as divine. The ginger sauce that accompanies the dish was perfect as well. It's a strong ginger taste for the new, but I absolutely love it because it gives a great kick with the saltiness of the wings. 
The other dishes were so so/average. Nothing too special here, but probably better off ordering from those that specialize in it. 
The service was quick and prompt. The atmosphere and decor resembled that of a small hole in the wall somewhere in the crowded streets of NYC. Does it serve NYC quality Chinese food though? Probably not, but some dishes do stand on their own. It's good, and worth the small price, so give it a try.I gave it 5 stars because I am basing my review as a late night take out restaurant.  It is hands down the best place I've gotten food from at 3am.  I moved to Chinatown a few months ago and this restaurant has become a staple.  The food here is great and it's priced reasonably.  I generally stay pretty safe on the menu, ordering the General Tso's Chicken and other common Americanized Chinese dishes and those have always been good.  More recently I've been ordering food that I have no idea what to expect of, and I have yet to be disappointed.  I love this place because it is open when I get off the late shift at work, and this quality of food is especially rare at 2 or 3 in the morning.  
I've seen other reviews that slam the service here, but in the 15-20 times I've ordered food here I haven't had any problems with the staff; though I should say that I haven't actually dined in the restaurant either.I used to love this place because a friend of my mom's would always order food from here for me. I've always hear rumors about this place that the people that works here are racist, they only serve Americans. And I was there with my friends last time, we were standing there for a good 5-10 mins. The waitress obviously saw us but ignored us, so we left! Bad ass service ever! Idc how good your food is, but your service sucks! And you guys are Asian too!Stopped in for some late night goodies. Love their stir fried wide noodles and I couldn't resist I got an order of dumplings and 2 orders to go. Like their sign says; it's better than crack, meth or weed!! Bahaha I love this place. Great place for after hours when we go out drinking too!!! Oh they're open until 4am and serve alcohol until 2Davids is an amazing place to come if you're looking for a place to get great & cheap Chinese food at all hours. I highly recommend the pork fried rice, Singapore noodles if you're a curry lover, and their fried dumplings are delicious. 
The staff are attentive, the food comes out fast and fresh and if you manage to not go home with leftovers you're doing it wrong.LOOOOVE their noodles and dumplings!!
Service is definitley hit or miss, but the noodles.....oh man, so tasty. Can't really speak for the rest of their menu because I only get noodles and dumplings when I go there.our good friend's husband, who happens to be Korean, LOVES Chinese...food and people, he he he; her hubby is Chinese. 
Anyway, we came here because the recently wed couple wanted to take us out to lunch at one of her favorite places of all time, in the heart of Chinatown.  So off we went....
Upon entering, we were greeted and quickly seated as it was Sunday and just past the lunch rush, so we took up two tables and someone in our party ordered for us.  Heard that this place was known for the salt and pepper squid and also the salt and pepper chicken, so of course we had that; plus a lot more.  I gotta say that I've had better salt and pepper squid elsewhere, but the chicken was awesome, and everything else was good too, from the egg drop soup to the hot and sour of the same, the veggies and more.  The only thing probably is that the honey walnut shrimp had a little too much mayo for my taste, but the shrimp were large and in charge and we were totally full after our meal.  
I can't review the cost because the newlyweds took care of the bill before we could react; but the food and service are definitely worth coming back for in the future.  I believe there may be some better places, but this places gets the A-OK in my book!
Parking - can really suck if you're trying to get metered(and on Sundays, you don't have to pay), but there's a few paid parking lots all around.Good for late night cravings... Went in for the salt and pepper chicken and shrimp. Both were pretty good and arrived fast. 
The restaurant is dingy and needs a good scrub. I'm glad we went after a long night, we were too tired to focus on the surroundings.Idc how good David's food is....I WILL NOT BE GOING BACK! The service is horrible and you have to wait over a fucking hour for take out. Absolutely NOT.My usual got to spot for late night munchies.  This place doesn't really have a closing time.  It's usually open pretty late.
I always get an order of the salt baked wings - similar to the salt baked squid or triple delight, but with chicken wings.  They are crispy,  good size, and the salted jalapeños that come with the wings are a great spicy side.We were walking through chinatown at 3.30 after a party and decided we wanted chinese food, I assumed (bc philadelphia is the city that ALWAYS sleeps) that nothing would be open. I was wrong, David's was! Maybe we were drunk, but everything tasted awesome to me, exactly what I wanted.pros-
salt and pepper shrimp and scallops
cons-
LOOOOOOONNNG wait for either take out or sit down service
small portions, high prices
on a side note, i did see one of the most violent restuarant incidents occur here. some asian dudes came in (possibly Triads?) and start talking to the owner at the bar. next thing you know one of these guys starts beating the piss out of the owner right in front of the whole restuarant. then, HE PICKS UP MY PLATE OF FOOD AND STARTS THROWING FOOD ALL OVER THE OWNER! he then continues to pick up plates of other peoples food and do the same. finally , the cooks came from the back to defend the owner, but it was too late . the guys buddies were there and began kicking their asses. the whole restuarant fled wtihout paying. no cops showed up. very memorable.Zero stars!! Greedy, selfish & terrible service. 
I don't understand how it works here but customer service is supposed to put the customer first. 
My friend and I literally waited patiently for 30 minutes only for people to buss in front of us and be seated before. VERY unorganized and horrible service. Then they yelled at us to get up & leave after we sat down. They're food is not worth it and they need a reality check on how to treat people who PAY & TRAVEL to have your food. Also, who runs this place? How can they never think to expand after seeing people stuffed at the door OR hire better staff who actually acknowledges you. Also did I mention?UNSANITARY. Roach on my table the very first visit. Of course I pretend like I didn't just witness that in a restaurant! Really, how is this place still running? Never returning ever again!Amazing, authentic Chinese. They can get busy late night - but worth the wait or call in your order and take out. Great food!There's few things in this world that are as good as the dumplings at this restaurant we call it crack sauce that it comes with. Depending on the time of the night that you go there you can get a pretty interesting crowd in there but worth the entertainment the classic Chinese foodI can't believe this place only has 3 1/2 stars. This is hands down the best Chinese restaurant I've found in Philadelphia in terms of how the food tastes. (Isn't that the main point of a restaurant anyway??)
I'm a very picky eater, and I've never had a single dish here that I didn't like. The fried rice and salt and pepper squid are especially awesome. The salt and pepper squid is seasoned just right - not too salty. The fried rice is delicious, and it's obvious they made it themselves. They put bean sprouts and green onions in it - you won't find any of that gross pre-packaged frozen rice with peas and carrots here. Other dishes I've tried (that I can remember) are the salt and pepper soft shell crab (that was not bad, but not too exciting either - I'd skip it in favor of something else), and some shredded beef dish. I almost never order meat dishes because I hate the feeling of inadvertently biting into a disguised piece of fat or gristle. That is enough to ruin an entire meal for me. So, beef is not something I would normally order, but I tried it, and it turned out to be quite lean and well prepared - excellent!
No, it's not a very upscale restaurant, and the waitstaff isn't friendly. Don't ask them for a recommendation on what to order - you won't get one. (Not that it matters, because like I said, everything is delicious anyway.) I think it might be cash only as well, which is a bit inconvenient. But the food here is so good that all that stuff really doesn't matter. Plus, they're open until 2 or 3 AM - awesome! Now if only they would deliver...My wife & I love this place! We've been dining here for years.
Food is plentiful, I get to try foreign beers and the service is wonderful.
** Real fried rice (brown) with the egg pcs...NOT ghetto yellow rice***!!
Beef & broccoli is the best!
Parking SUCKS in that congested Chinatown area! Beware, parking cops are ALWAYS looking out.Sadly , those two stars are for the two delicious Long Island Iced Teas . 
I ended up here after my wife raved about how they used to be her family go to spot late night . After reading endless bad reviews , I gave it a chance anyway . I was surprised that the inside was so outdated . We were told to sit where we would like , considering the place is small . We sat & were given a very basic menu . We made the mistake of asking if they had anything similar to a teriyaki sauce . We were given attitude & smart remarks . Whoops . I guess I should educate myself on the different cultures . Anyway , we opted for the chicken and broccoli with white rice . I asked for 2 orders .... Well, we were given 1 with 2 plates . Confused , we asked if that was our 2 orders . She claimed to have forgotten , so we took an order to go . The food was simple but good . I liked the crushed red pepper sauce . Over all ... the drinks are enough to bring me back . 
Next time , we'll have to try those salt & pepper wings everyone talks about .Another disappointment...  I ordered Duck which was extremely greasy and overcooked.  There was little meat on the bones, and it was really tough.  My bf ordered this mixed seafood dish, which had like two pieces of lobster and a few pieces of shrimp, and then the rest of the dish was filled with chicken and pork.
The biggest disappointment was that the food was not authentic.  It seems like there are more Chinese American restaurants than there are authentic ones in Chinatown, which is not exactly a good thing since Philly is one of the largest cities in the U.S.
Basically, if you like heavy sauces that all taste the same, then this place is for you.  If you're looking for real Chinese food (not Americanized) then you might want to look at some other places.David's is the best!  I;ve been eating there for years, and the food is consistent, and consistently excellent.  Some of my favorite dishes are:  fried dumplings, salt and pepper squid, and roast duck chow fun.  But the best dish there is Hong Kong Wonton soup.  Wonton soup is a little old hat, but these wontons are hand made and delicate and delicious. Very fresh, very tasty.  Best time to go is 2:00 am when the place is rocking with everyone just out of the bars.I have been to Davids a handful of times now and can appreciate them for what they are - cheap, quick, tasty depending on what you order, giant group friendly and open late. I have definately had some misses here but the pad thai, garlic chicken, whatever the ginger sauce is that they give you with the veggie dumplings are great. I have had a few of their other entrees and was mildly impressed. But after trying their garlic chicken - it wasn't greasy and it was well flavored - I will be trying the beef and garlic next time. The hot and sour wasn't very spicey and had already started to congeal once it got to me so I was a tad disappointed with that but worse things have happened. 
Service is ok - they don't dote which is totally find by me but sometimes they start eating their dinner or taking calls and all you want is a glass of water. We just walk up and ask and it is fine - amusing though. 
So next time you are in chinatown with a handful of friends this may be a good spot!
And sidenote - I have always been sober so my opinions are for real.Best. Dumplings. Ever.
When I used to fly to Philadelphia from Florida, I would call David's and order dumplings and chow fun as soon as I got to the baggage claim so I could pick them up on my way home. I still go there whenever I'm in town (which, for what ever reason, is a lot). 
Love!My definite go-to when I want that authentic Chinese - especially late night. Everything is delicious and I love that they give you the tea at the table. Definitely recommend David's if you're in Chinatown!Used to go there a lot after work.  They serve alcohol so that is a plus.  The food comes out fast and it's cheap!  I used to order duck over rice a lot.  They also have congee!  Service and cleanliness can be an issue if you're a stickler for those kinds of things.  Great for late-night snacking!David's Mai Lai Wah has two great strengths:
1). They are open later than almost every other restaurant in the Chinatown area every day of the week (Sun-Thurs until 3AM; Fri&Sat until 4AM).
2). They sell take out beer in a part of town that is deficient in this aspect.
That being stated, the food isn't actually the best.  It is certainly passable and hits the spot if it's late night or you've been out prior to arrival... or if you just need food and beer from the same spot.  However, the beer is actually pricey.  A six-pack of Yuengling Lager will run you $10.50.  Other "premium" beers (Corona, Heineken, Tsingtao, Becks, etc.) will run you upwards to $15 for a six-pack.  Don't forget to check the math.  The servers seem to sometimes make it up on the spot.
One advantage though is the menu size.  It is quite large, especially for a late night meal.  I have tried the shrimp egg rolls, the fried rices, the lo meins, pan fried noodles with beef, kung po chicken, beef and duck chow fun with satay sauces, moo shu pork, char shu ding, and general tso's chicken (spicy) to name what I recall.
The general tso's chicken is actually quite good.  The fried rices are fairly tasteless.  The char shu ding is served with peanuts-- not almonds, fyi.  However, the majority of the food I've had seem to melt into one homogeneous classification of slightly off vegetables, rushed meats, and glop.  Unless your order states "dry" on the menu, chances are you're getting glop.  Worse yet, the food doesn't hold its flavor overnight.  Forget about having next-day seconds cooked in the microwave.
As for the waitstaff, either you love them or hate them.  They are seasoned servers who are efficient, if not slightly rude... but not really.  I like them.  Just don't be offended if they walk away from you in mid-conversation.
And yet, I keep returning to David's for the fact that they're simply open when others are not and that they sell beer until 2AM.  The food is passable.  The beer is expensive.  On second thought, if you want beer, go to Ho Sai Gai at 10th & Cherry.  It's cheaper and the waitstaff is nicer.So my brother and I decided to drop in this place after walking around Chinatown. The place was fairly small but quiet on the day we went. I ordered the pan fried vegetable dumplings and the general tsos bean curd. My brother got the wings.
Our service was horrible. The guy barely stopped at our table. The pan fried dumplings were bland and greasy and the sauce was very oily. 
My brother got his wings which did not come with jalapenos. My general tsos had no rice. And we sat there waiting for service.
Also the waiter did not bring the fried wonton or duck sauce over for appetizer. I will never come here again.The food is it actually pretty good and I liked them fried dumpling and coconut shrimp.Uhh... I'm just going to assume that all the four star reviews are based on meals eaten between 11pm and 4am when most other places are closed and this is one of very few available options. The carpet was filthy and covered with scraps of food. Really? The food itself is not *bad* but it is definitely average or below average quality. Had the shrimp with black bean sauce. Meh!I went early around five on a Thursday and it was pretty empty, however I my Goddaughter and I had to ask to be seated and after being seated, wait 15 minutes to be served... 
These Salt And Pepper Shrimp Come Highly Recommended And I'd Just Like To Tell Everyone That Swore By This Place You Can All Go To HELL #Davids In #Philly Is Disgusting In Ambience, Service And Smell!!!! And These Shrimp Are Mediocre At Best! #phillyfood #Foodporn #FoodReview #Foodie #Shrimp #Chinese #Food #Chinatown 
The server looked at my receipt and said "No Tip" No, I replied he then said well next time carry out, I reminded him I had to Ask Him to take our order!!!! Never AgainI got late night hot and sour soup and steamed dumplings. The soup was pretty standard, but the dumplings were excellent. They seemed freshly handmade and came with delicious ginger business. Highly recommend them.Before either of them had a TV show or even a comedy special worth mentioning, Louis C.K. opened for Jerry Seinfeld at a show in Boston. C.K. finished his set, thanked the crowd and introduced Seinfeld before adding, "he's the best comedian in the world." The second Seinfeld finished a set of newly-minted "what's the deal with..." jokes he made a beeline and cornered C.K.: "Don't fucking put pressure on a person like that."
Hype places an unsolicited burden on an art form before you experience it. Hype is an audience sitting with arms crossed and blank faces saying, "The best, huh? Let's see what you've got then, big shot." The problem is, Philly Mag introduced David's Mai Lai Wah as the best comedian in the world. More accurately, it said they were the best Chinese in Chinatown. Oh really, David's....?
One of the features here is the Chow fun. Chow fun is similar to chow mein, borrowing the same flavorings, meats, and includes additions like bamboo shoots and green onion. But even after adding satay to my dish I've still had pad That that was more exciting. The flavor of the chicken chow fun packs the punch of a gentle breeze and the satay adds the heat of a Little League World Series fastball.
The dumplings were good. The ginger puree was a refreshing touch, a nice change up from the typical garlic soy sauce. However, even for pan fried dumplings these were greasy and their yellow hue made me think they were egg dumplings. Not your typical potstickers, to be sure.
The sesame chicken didn't have that zesty kick to it and the chef Bogarted the extra heat I was promised. The flavors were dialed back to lame, though nicely absent were those pieces of fried dough that don't manage to cling to the chicken. For Ed Rendell, this would have been an example of the wussification of faux Chinese food. For me, it was an example of unmet expectations.We always end up here after discovering tai lake is closed. We never regret the decision. I've never been before 3 am (or sober) and it is always packed. 
Service is rushed but efficient. Once the crowd begins to file out, the waiters are much more relaxed (and really funny - albeit at our expense)
The general tso's chicken (ok, i'm not always the most adventurous eater) is perfection.
I've also tried a variety of dishes that my friends have ordered, none of which I could name to save my life (the food, not the friends). All of it has been great.
Plus, you can take a trip over to the fish tanks and make friends (or amends) with your food before they cook it.Great spot for late nights. 
I had some beef lo mein and an egg roll which were pretty decent and flavorful.
Typical greasy chinese, but I had a fine meal. I would go back just for the price and that it's open till 4am.Same thing everyone else has said:
-awesome late hours
-large crowd during these late hours
-really large menu
-drinks
-lots of grease
All these factors probably means that this place will help you ease your hangover tomorrow :-P Enjoy!Everything was great here. Fresh and tasty. Best shrimp lo mein I've had. Nice grill flavor to noodles. Even the tea was exceptionally tasty.Salt & pepper shrimp  is amazing...Nice atmosphere with a great price ! To crowed for me after 1am but man this places gets two thumbs up  The staff was friendly tooI don't know why i have to go back here...
They definitely don't know how to cook! Overly soy sauce
Schezuan mistakenly with sweet and sour dish
Fried rice is bland
They rush you eating 
White rice $2.50 each
Budha delight taste and look awful
I'd rather choose jade harbor or wong2 betterThis place has everything going for it.  Ask 99% of Chinese coworkers/friends and they know the best of David's Mai Lai Wah.  They are open till 3 am so if you need that middle of the night wonton soup it's there.  For those looking for wonton noodle soup - they keep the soups on a separate menu - you have to ask for the soup menu. Their fried dumplings with garlic sauce are the absolute BEST.Food is average among the chinatown places but the service is extraordinarily bad even for chinese restaurants. Got takeout here once and had to wait over an hour, pestered the waiters a few times but they didn't even bother checking on the order, just said kitchen is busy.  Probably would avoid in the future if I could.I strongly suggest you dine somewhere else but here. Most of the servants had terrible and arrogant attitudes that made us leave instantly without ordering at all. When we arrived, there was this servant who kept moving our belongings without permission. We were so offended by his rudeness that we left right away. Good thing that they didn't charge the tea and water.This is a great Chinese Restaurant if you have your drink on at 2:00am. You leave and say this is the best I've ever had. Then you try it sober for lunch and you say.. What was I thinking.Honestly not sure how I had never been to David's before. I've lived in Philadelphia for a long while now, and there have been many, many nights when I've wanted a drunken late-night meal. David's delivers (figuratively). It's cheap, hot, fast, not so friendly but whatever. What more could you want? The place is open til at least 3am.I order takeout and the food was decent, really disappointed to look into my bag after my meal to see that there were NO fortune cookies. It's the main reason I enjoy Chinese food. Really upset about this.This was  a good option after going out on a monday night. It was either here or dinner food and the diners were too far away . I think we made a good choice, the prices are decent and the food was tasty. The service was very good but there were only 5 tables of people,  I heard of crazy wait times but I was lucky to get my food very quickly.Open late, decent chinese food and prices, terrible service. If you want to go to a place where the waiters talk to you or make eye contact, go elsewhere. Come here for great drunk chinese food that isnt nasty american takeout.are you ready for this? Here is the list of food I get every single time i go here...
1. chicken corn chowder (I like to add the chili oil...dont add too much, i like spicy stuff but a small spoonful is plenty)
2. salt pepper squid (perfect amount of crunchy and chewy)
3. clams with black bean sauce (sometimes comes out too salty...just eat it with a lot of rice
4. beef chow fun ( the noodles are nice and chewy and they are generous with their beef)
5. walnut shrimp ( honestly...the candied walnut are my favorite part ahah. the shrimp is delicious but sometimes overwhelming, so I appreciate that they give the broccoli to balance the heaviness of the mayo sauce)
now....i realize I sound like a big fatty but I just like the variety. heheAwesome food but worst service. Do not go if you are in any sort of a rush.  Dumplings are a must. Most love the ginger sauce but I personally hate it. It is the equivalent of gnawing on a piece of ginger root.  I personally recommend the salt and pepper squid.Ordered 2 "wonton noodle soup" very simple dish. Only one bowl came and they wanted me to wait another 5 minutes for the next one. How you going to have a customer wait 5 minutes for the same dish that could of been cooked at the same time? The noodle was very hard and stiff as well.Searching for a bar in chinatown isn't the easiest find. The sign said cocktails so this place had to do. I went with a friend before a Troc show, hoping to save a few bucks.  It's a restaurant but they squeeze in a tiny bar/cash register with four or five stools. I doubt anyone even sits here, but we did. I ordered a five dollar rum and coke. I didn't look what he poured but most of the shit there was bottom of the ladder quality. So basically, I ended saving zero money. It was a strange experience, at least I had that going for me.Almost gave it 3 stars, but I couldn't based on both the food and the service.
Visiting from California, I guess my tastes are biased, but very simple dishes were just done poorly and pretty expensive. The Yang Chow fried rice was mostly the burnt parts of the cooked rice: extremely clumpy with little to no flavor. Yang Chow fried rice is pretty pale in color already, but the dish we got didn't seem fried much at all. 
The house pan-fried noodles had too much sauce, and the noodles seemed haphazardly thrown in there during frying. Not much on top either. Deceptively lots of veggies but only bits of char-siu and chicken. Looks like a large portion, but the noddles are barely there.
The only thing done up to par was the salt and pepper fried chicken wings. Hot, flavorful, and crisp. 
I was offended most by the service. We walked in and sat down, but the servers chose to serve everyone coming in behind us, while we sat there without menus for a good 5-10 minutes. We were even signaling, and they seemed to ignore us during the whole meal. Stereotypically dismissive service, I suppose.Heard about their Salt and Pepper Wings, and they were amazing. A lil spicy but not too overwhelming. We ordered Shrimp Fried Rice on the side. Nice and brown, fried to perfection. I also ordered General Tso Chicken with a side of White Rice. The General Tso Chicken was really good, spicy as well but good.
The portions were decent. Left with leftovers.
The simple fact that they serve alcohol is also a plus.
Service was ok, not the best. Could have been better. No complaints though. 
I'll most likely be back soon to try some other things.