I can't believe I haven't written a review before. This place is just terrific, and one of the main reasons I miss living around the corner from here.  Everything I've ever tried here has been spot-on, from the eggs benedict over smoked salmon with potato latkes, to the baked goods, or the baked eggs with sausage.  Excellent brunch.  The only downside (aside from the wait, if you show up after 10:30) is the fact that they could use one more staff person up front - one to take the names of the people waiting in line, and another to take the money of the people trying to pay and leave.  But food-wise, solid and amazing.Made an appearance in this place on Easter Sunday '18. Bc I literally am incapable of getting my shit together to go to brunch at a reasonable hour, the 2:30 closing time has been prohibitive in the past. On this particular day despite all of the shit I had to do, I said "fuck it" and managed to squeeze myself and my dining partner into a table at this joint at like 2pm. 
So basically long story short, I'm gross and basic and doing the keto diet now. After some serious indiscretions on the day prior, I needed to propel myself back on the bandwagon ASAP. Luckily reconciling both low carb and vegetarian there were a bunch of egg options. The omelette with sun-dried tomatoes, goat cheese, and spinach was my go-to. Dining partner ordered this like eggs benedict with, and I suggest sitting down rn, POTATO LATKES INSTEAD OF ENGLISH MUFFIN! Probably in honor of passover. Holy shit what a fucking concept. 
Omelette was good and enjoyable. Not the best thing of my life. Not something where I would go out of my way to recommend or return for but satisfying. Those potatoes looked heavenly and I just had to sample one little baby tater cube which tasted as good if not better than its appearance. According to dining partner, the eggs benedict was amazing. 
Believe it or not I did not consume any alcohol during this meal. Main reason for that being this place doesn't have alcohol. Service was good too/people were nice and all that good shit.THAT STUFFED FRENCH TOAST THO.
One of my fears with starting my day with French Toast is the inevitable food coma that topples me over for the rest of the day.
Not the case with this beautiful dish. The amount is perfect to split with a friend/date so it's not overwhelming. 
Waiter was very nice about letting us switch over to nice window seating after we ordered.
Just an overall friendly place to be with exceptional brunch!Love going to brunch here!  Perfect location and I like the "family" atmosphere, not stuffy or pretentious.  The baked goods are delicious and my favorite thing to order is the potato pancakes benedict, AMAZING.  They also do take-out, which I have ordered and to treat myself to brunch in bed :)
Only downside is that during the busier hours there can be a long wait.  But that's only a sign of how good this place is.I saw people were waiting outside of the restaurant all the time. This place must be good I thought. Maybe I picked the wrong dish. I enjoyed my stuffed challah French toast but I wouldn't wait more than 10 min to eat it again. That was right after my mind blowing experience at Sabrina cafe's stuffed french toast so Day by Day one didn't do much for me.... 
My parter of scavenger hunt got burger. He enjoyed and finished all but hasn't asked me go back there yet so I guess it is solid 3 star place.Probably one of my favorite brunch places in Philly. This one gets five stars because the food is really high quality and there isn't such a huge wait like at Green Eggs. They also give a lot of food haha. I recommend coming here on saturday at 9:30am - right when it opens. It's quiet, and you're guaranteed to get seats. Got the sweet potato chorizo hash and it's sweet and spicy! Loved it.My friend Andy and his boyfriend were in town for a wedding and they suggested we go to Day to Day, because it was close to the hotel where they were staying.  The place was very busy but it was only a short wait until we were able to be seated.  The waitress came and got our drink orders quite quickly but then we said we needed another minute.  She came back and we still weren't ready so she said she would come back but then it was a really long time before she finally came back to take our orders.  All of the food options looked like good quality, although there was only a handful of items that I personally was interested in.  A lot of stuff seemed to unnecessarily include bacon, which I don't like.  The menu was also quite confusing.  The menu listed on yelp, on their website, and in the restaurant were all very different.  Online there was a "lunch menu" which included a burger, which is what I wanted to order.  Despite it being 1pm when we went there, there was no "lunch" menu offered so I couldn't get the burger.  I ended up getting huevos rancheros and potato pancakes, both of which I split with my girlfriend.  The potato pancakes ($9) were really delicious, although you only got three small pancakes.  I would have expected more for the price.  The huevos rancheros ($11) were so-so.  I enjoyed them but I've had much better.  It certainly wasn't worth the price.
So in all I had an okay experience but probably wouldn't go back again because the prices are just too high compared to how much I enjoyed the food.Had to knock a star off after a handful of trips to this place, it's just not a five star restaurant.  The food is good, and menu varied, but there are little things that are starting to bother me:
 - nasty stains inside the coffee mugs
 - the low quality plastic table cloths
 - the lack of crab in my girlfriend's crab omelette
 - the way my burger was about 70% of the size of the bun, leaving way too much room for toppings to slide all over the place.
I'll keep coming back but I think a lack of competition keeps this place from being a real dynamite brunch spot.Day by Day is a good brunch option that is a little removed from the craziness of bustle of Rittenhouse, but there is plenty of bustle within this restaurant, partly driven by the patrons waiting around for a table due to the no-reservations policy. On my first visit, we loved the Potato Pancakes Benedict and one of the many daily specials, blintzes. More recently, we tried more lunch-y items, including the BLT and the Pulled Pork special, which were a little lackluster. I'll be back, but will stick to the breakfast menu.Came here for lunch on a weekday...which was probably a mistake as all the reviews and amazing pics were of brunch items. I got the Oven Fried Chicken Salad with Buttermilk dressing, the sis also got a salad with tuna and minestrone soup; both salads were just underwhelming. My salad was basically romaine topped with what tasted like prepackaged Applegate chicken strips and honey mustard dressing.  Stick to brunch options on weekends and can't recommend their salads.Live it up day by day! Okay so here's the run down of Day by Day. It's a cute little cafe on 21st and Sansom so it's on the edge of center city meaning parking isn't too horrific. I found street parking right next to the restaurant.
On a Thursday afternoon at around 1pm it was pretty crowded in the sense where all the tables were taken and it was only a 5 minute wait for a party of 5.
When my party was about to order, we were informed that they only had Italian bread left for sandwiches (only changed one of my friends mind). So I ordered the brunch burger being the burger connoisseur I am and the iced tea. My friends ordered the herbal iced tea and the were not a fan. The burger I asked for it to be prepared medium to medium well and it was pretty well done which was a bit of a disappointment. For a $12 burger I think you can imagine how sad I was. Moving on, the roasted potatoes did not seem like anything special. The roasted pork sandwich with broccoli rabe looked to be on the dry side as well. The compose salad was a great pic. The pasta salad was great, and the carrot portion was very interesting with the mix of peanuts and raisins. I was impressed with that combination.
At the end of the meal there is a 20% gratuity added on for parties of 5 and more which I guess is understandable for a smaller restaurant.
Would I eat here again, definitely. Although probably not too soon.Great brunch with a constantly changing list of specials and baked goods with interesting ingredients/delicious combinations. The food itself is good but nothing really blew my mind after reading the rave reviews. The place is really popular though and there's always a crowd of people outside waiting on the weekends.Definitely a cute brunch spot in the Philadelphia area. The menu isn't super extensive, but there are definitely some gems on the menu and I'd love to go back soon!
I came here earlier this year with 2 friends and split the following: banana bread french toast, puffed pancake with seasonal fruit, and potato pancakes benedict. I'd definitely recommend the banana bread french toast- I feel like it tastes uniquely good. The puffed pancake was good, but the center was a little too soft, mushy and "eggy" for me. The potato pancakes benedict (which is usually the #1 hit for other people) was really good as well, even though I loved the banana bread french toast more.
It gets really crowded and can be kind of noisy at peak times, but it is definitely still a great spot if you're looking for a solid brunch place in Philly!Long wait but totally worth it! Delicious food, and the coffee is great (dark and strong).  
My girlfriend and I went for brunch.  I got the potato pancakes with smoked salmon and eggs Benedict and it was perfect.  I would definitely return, and if you don't mind waiting (it was 45min for us), this is a solid choice in the area.We were very upset with Day by Day.  They took more than 45 minutes to bring our food (people who came after us got served before) and the server had an attitude problem.  She basically said she couldn't control the kitchen.  As we were in a bit of a rush, we had to gobble the food down in 5 minutes.  At some point (perhaps to compensate) they brought us some coffee cake and, when asked, told us it didn't have nuts.  Thank God I tried it first, realised it was loaded with walnuts and stopped my daughter from eating it.  It could've killed her as she has a life-threatening allergy to tree nuts.  This place is dangerous, and the staff gets nasty if you dare question anything.  Even the manager was unresponsive.One of my absolute favorites for brunch.  There is almost always a 15-45 minute wait, but they will call or text you when your table is ready, so I usually walk down the street to a coffee shop and have a cuppa to kill time.  There are also small pastry samples at the register to keep anyone from fainting while they wait.
Get the basket of breakfast pastries.  Don't ask questions, just get it.
My personal favorites are the eggs over sweet potato and chorizo hash and potato pancakes benedict.
Seating can be tight at times, and it can be somewhat warm in here during the hottest days of summer, but it is still worth it.  Service is consistently excellent.  They take cards.  Plan to do a little strolling or shopping when you're done, because you will need to walk it off.
Happy brunching!While Day By Day is a bit lacking in atmosphere, the food and service are reliably good and often great. One crowded weekend brunch, I didn't hear my name called when our table was ready and we ended up waiting longer than necessary. When we realized what had happened, not only was the host very apologetic, but we were comped some delicious baked goods. I especially recommend the potato pancakes, the stuffed French toast special, and the chorizo hash (not on the menu but seems to be a frequent special).Had lunch with a friend on an outside table.  The salmon in philo dough was amazing, delicious.  Best lunch I've had in a long time.  Waitress was very nice and brought everything quickly.Back again for a wonderful $11.50 Honey Fried Chicken Tossed Salad lunch with that exquisite buttermilk dressing.  LOVE it!
Service is always great - and the Fish of the Day was Trout served with a delicious roasted asparagus and quinoa salad.
Kudos to Wendy, Jackie and the wonderful team at Day by Day.
We love it!Holy smokes, this place is good. They make all the classic brunch foods flawlessly, and their unique takes on pretty standard dishes are to-die-for! We stumbled upon this place one winter morning, and realized we might have found something special based on the wait time (which was a little long). I felt bad for the patrons sitting by the door, as people were constantly letting freezing air inside. But once we tasted our dishes, we realized why so many brave the cold for a seat here. I had the pumpkin cream-filled french toast, with maple-roasted pecans on top. Delicious! My friend had a really tasty take on eggs benedict, with lump crab and avocado. I strongly recommend giving this place a try, and don't forget to look at the specials on the wall!Excellent! The owner, Robin, was attentive- her staff courteous and on time with the great LaColumbe coffee-
My date had the stuffed French Toast with Cherries Cheese and Chocolate- I had the Hamburger on a Brioche style bun and it was out of this world. Really just a great meal with excellent wait staff.
We will definitely return for Lunch or Dinner given the chance.This place definitely doesn't need any more word of mouth from me, but I'm feeling a bit nostalgic for my old apartment on 21st and Locust, and wanted to leave my mark.
Get there early on Saturday/Sunday (no later than 11AM) to avoid the line.  If you had too much to drink the night before and can't saunter out until afternoon, it's worth the wait, particularly for small groups.  It's very tight in there, but the food is phenomenal.  I love the vegan breakfast burrito and the banana bread french toast--YUM.Came here around 1:30 on a Friday with one other person and we were lucky enough to immediately get seated.  I noticed after we sat that people were waiting quite a bit for a table.  I liked the big windows and the split level of the restaurant because it made it feel bigger than it actually was.  However, we were sitting somewhat close to the front and it was COLD! I had to wear my scarf and Northface jacket while eating because my t-shirt wasn't warm enough.  I saw another woman at a table near me doing the same.  I'm a big fan of eggs Benedict so I decided to try something a little different with the poached eggs florentine.  I didn't like the combination of flavors as much as I like eggs  Benedict, but it still was really good. They normally come on a biscuit, but they sold out so I opted for wheat bread instead.  The one thing I really like about this place is that they finally have biscuits as a side!! I never understood why restaurants wouldn't consider biscuits a side, and the ones here are pretty cheap too.  I can't wait to try them the next time I'm here.  
Our waiter was knowledgable about the food items and friendly, I just wish he had filled up our waters and coffees a bit more often ( I drink a lot of water).  You also pay up front at the register, which I really like because it can make splitting the bill easier.  There were a bunch of things on the menu that I wanted to try, so I'll definitely be back here.I am surprised this place has 4 stars. The food is NOT THAT GREAT. Come on guys! I came here on Sunday for brunch to find hairs and an unclean table, a nonchalant waiter and very very dry muffins. Let's just say I am never coming here again!Great brunch this morning. Service was good. Food was hot and tasty. Nice atmosphere.I'm a big fan of Day By Day (though sometimes I forget about it...) so whenever someone suggests going I'm always really excited by the prospect. I came last Sunday at around 11am with a friend who was visiting from DC. The wait was just about 15 minutes for a table. 
I ordered the sweet potato and chorizo hash, and my friend ordered a baked eggs dish (a special of the day). The hash was yummy and came with a runny egg on top and toast (and quite large - which is great because leftovers!) My friend really enjoyed her meal as well. 
I'm always happy with what I get at Day By Day, (though never blown away, hence the 4 stars). Overall it's a great pick for a weekend brunch (especially because the large windows mean it's always beautifully sunny!)We love Day by Day for brunch!  My husband and I went here the day after our wedding before leaving on our honeymoon and we've made it an annual tradition.  The staff is great, the menu is wonderful, and they make the best (really, the only) potatoes that I've ever enjoyed with my eggs.  So tasty!
The only downside is that I'm not alone in my love, as the wait can be long on the weekend.Excellent brunch spot.  So many specials that the mind reels with possibilities.  As with all brunch spots, get there early (10 am opening) to get a table.  It's worth it.  Egg dishes and french toast were highlights. And once, when the line was especially long, the owner passed out some fresh baked goods to make the wait more bearable.Went on a Saturday morning. Corned Beef Benedict as one of the brunch specials was delicious. Busy but quick to be seated. A great variety for brunch, multiple options.Breakfast was outstanding! The staff at the restaurant was running around constantly and this made service fast but not rushed. There were around 10 tickets ahead of us and our order only took about 15 minutes. 
Our waiter was very nice and checked on us a few times. For a place that was so busy my water and coffee were never below half full. 
The only thing was my sausage was a little cold and the grease had gelled but overall it was a very good breakfast.I went here on a Saturday for Brunch. They seated us immediately. I got the avocado toast which was so fresh and so tasty as was the coffee. The service was great. The location is very convenient. I'll definitely be going back again!Looong wait on a Sunday morning but worth it!
BEST biscuit I have ever had.  For real.
I had the eggs florentine which was sort of deconstructed - it was delish.
Servers and host were really nice.
Price pretty average for brunch.  So happy we stuck around to be seated!Great food, friendly staff. We're newer to area and from the west coast trying to find a place here with good Mexican or southwest food has been a challenge. This place has the best Huevos Rancheros we've had in Philly! Flavorful, nice amount of heat, fresh ingredients. They also had very well flavored challah french toast with berries and cream cheese, sweet without being overly sweet, fresh berries. Although line at the door, friendly staff to handle and relatively quick handling of turning over tables for seating. Our only complaint was the air conditioning. ..not giving off enough to really keep things cool, and on a hot muggy day, that made it a little challenge. As we are new here, not sure if this is the case for many restaurants in the area. We're used to 112 degrees where not having strong air conditioner is a deal breaker, so it's a matter of perspective. We will definitely return, as overall it was a great experience.This was absolutely the best brunch I have ever had.  We ordered one of everything on the menu between the 4 of us.  We were blown away.  The only thing we were actually a little let down by were the hyped up cinnamon rolls.  However, everything else was actually amazing (french toast, huevos rancheros...the list goes on) and we did not leave disappointed.  The service was excellent and friendly.My favorite part of Day By Day is that they take their baked goods very seriously - not nearly enough places do this! Definitely try the "jawn" any "jawn" really. An invention by one of their bakers that will not disappoint you. Every baked good is perfection though!
Their food is delicious as well, you can find so many of your favorite meals with an unique twist on their menu.This was a great place for brunch! The staff was friendly and attentive, the restaurant itself was clean, and the service was fast and affordable. We tried the lemon mascarpone challah French toast with berry sauce- decadent and delicious, the spinach, Canadian bacon, and cheddar quiche- savory and tasty, and the beef burger with blue cheese and bacon (not pictured)- absolutely delicious. Definitely will be coming back here to try more!I found out about Day by Day when I searched on Yelp for places to eat brunch near Trader Joe's. I'm so glad that I found this place! I had the eggs over chorizo with sweet potato hash and it was amazing. 
The chorizo had just the right amount of kick to it and the combination of that with the sweet potato was very nice. It was also a lot more than I expected. I ate around 1:30pm and didn't get hungry again until 7:30pm. 
The prices were also decent. The only thing I didn't like about the place was that it didn't really feel like a brunch place based on the ambience. It was a little crowded but we were seated right away. 
I would definitely love to return soon!I've recently become vegan (don't worry it's only temporary) and I thought I would have some more options here. The server reccomended the winter hash without egg. 
The flavors were there but the portion size was very small and I wasn't able to get toast even becuase their toast options were not vegan. I felt like I was eating a side dish for a main course, it certainly wasn't worth $12. It seemed like the other meals people around me were getting looked plentiful and delicious but maybe this just isn't the place for Vegans.It was a 20-30 minute wait for our table but one of our friends was running a little late so they didn't allow us to be seated. But they were able to quickly get us a table once she arrived! The food was pretty good. I had the Challah French Toast but when it came out, there was no fruit sauce as described in the menu. When I asked the waitress what happened, she didn't seem to recognize that it was supposed to come with it. I do like that it was BYOB though.Decided to check this place out late on a Sunday morning, as expected they were quite busy but the wait was only about 10 minutes. Unfortunately, the people working there were clearly stressed and swamped and understaffed. After being seated it took about 15 minutes for someone to come and offer water and take our drink and food orders. After another 20 minutes with no coffee in site we decided to leave and asked the cashier up front to have our order to go. She made a rude comment about us being an inconvenience since we had sat down but were now leaving. Paid and left tip anyway since the server was nice and trying his best. But I can't get over the rudeness of that cashier so I won't be coming back and wouldn't recommend it.While amazing food, the staff, ownership, and service was absolutely horrible.  1) There was no room to stand while waiting for a table, 2) multiple groups of two were sat in front of our group of four when they could have pushed two tables together 3) When we informed the waiter that he got a part of our order wrong, he was openly rude to our table twice  4) When management was informed, they threw a fit over removing the item from the bill and defended the waiter for being rude to us.  Even with its amazing food, I will never return to this establishment as there are too many customer friendly options in Center City.There food really wasn't that good. Over priced, and the managers attitude is overbearingly condescending. The overall quality of the customer experience would rank at 2 out of 10. Hard to get much worse.I love Day by Day cafe. The owner and her kids (who help out on the weekends) are always around for brunch and after recognizing that I'm there almost every weekend, offer me tastes of their baked good "experiments" to ask my opinion (love contributing to a place I adore!). Their baked goods are out of this world; I think the daughter mostly makes them. Omelets and quiches are really good, but the stuff challah french toast is divine! They also brew La Colombe which is a plus. Nothing better than an iced coffee, blueberry-lemon french toast, and the New York Times Sunday crossword in their outdoor seating. Bliss!Walking in, it feels like the neighborhood diner was plucked out of the suburbs and dropped in center city, just with much less room. The lineup of desserts on display at the front counter, the traditionally simple wooden furniture, and the ability to fit more tables than one could imagine without it getting too clustered. 
It's a popular spot that will definitely have a wait for brunch on the weekend, yet the meal doesn't feel rushed at all. In fact, quite the opposite, brunch here feels like it's supposed to take a while, to have the additional cup of coffee or two.
I'd definitely recommend the eggs over sweet potato chorizo hash. One of my favorite brunch dishes in Philly so far. Hearty, filling, and a great combination. And reasonably priced too.I downloaded this app in order to write this review.  The service was as poor as anywhere I have had.  The food was Ok but certainly not worth the managers attitude.I have only been for brunch so I can't speak to catering or other meals but for brunch it is pretty good. I like that this place isn't pretentious or too expensive and the food is delicious. Everything is fresh and original. I strongly suggest getting here when they open on the weekends or you will have to wait.A bit of an overrated place. They're are great places in Philly. Why is the line always long here? 
The menu is not that inventive. While the prices are standard for brunch, you'd be better off going to a more interesting place --- Honey's, Pub and Kitchen, Sabrina's, any of those Philly standards. 
I had the puffed pancake which was basically a dutch baby. It was good but definitely make-at-home-able.Well-executed breakfast classics at reasonable prices in an inviting space.
I'm not a morning person and like to wake up as late as I possibly can before leaving for work, which has led to a life largely devoid of omelets, toast, and waffles. Therefore, I'm very thankful for brunch, and, in particular, this brunch.
I had the eggs florentine. The eggs were wonderfully poached, leaving the yolks runny and the whites barely done. The spinach retained much of its characteristic bitterness, which I like. Best of all, the potatoes arrived at the table, well-seasoned, at the same temperature as the eggs, spinach, and everything else. That never happens!I'll start by saying that food itself is good. Easily 4 or 5 starts. Unfortunately service is not even close to it. First hostess was very unprofessional. It took her about 5-7 minutes to add us to the list!!! and I believe a person or two sneaked to it before us in a crowd. Then we told a waiter that we have about 25m to eat as I have to go to the airport. He said we should be fine. Ended up getting our food in 20m. Hello? A couple next to us ordered a couple of minutes before but was served at least 10m faster. We were open to order something else. 
Anyway potatoes pancakes Benedict were delicious. If you have a lot of time for a brunch and do not mind a lot of noise (tables are a top of each other - the couples next to us talked very loud) it is a good option. Order or gangs juice. Bring champagne. Enjoy
As for a place - just order a more professional staff!The food at Day by Day is great. The waitstaff are amazing. But I've now been inconvenienced twice by the older woman (manager? owner?) who can't seem to work the NoWait program they use for their waitlist for Sunday brunch. I have downloaded the app, because it's convenient, and use it to follow the parties in front of me so that I can pop back in when the line has shortened up. But the last two times I did this, I got the confirmation message from the app but no text/call from the restaurant when my name hit the top of the queue. Both times I ended up going in after the allotted amount of time had passed to see how much longer it would be only to be told that I had already been called. After showing them my phone, the lack of texts and call, and that I did have the app I ended up waiting an extra fifteen minutes to be seated.
I get it, technology is tough, but if MadMex in University City can successfully use NoWait, then I don't know why Day by Day can't.
My servers both times that my party and I got unceremoniously skipped were great. And the food? ALWAYS delicious.
But I'm really annoyed that I may have to find a new brunch spot because of how poorly the front of house runs.Food was alright. Service was a little weird. Not worth the wait for me, but I'd try it again.Service was good though it was extremely packed. Went on Saturday around 11am, line already outside and was able to grab a seat in 5 mins because I noticed a table outside was open so we got lucky; otherwise, it would be an hr wait. Food looks food and tastes amazing.. Normal price and have interesting brunch specials. Great place for a relaxing brunch :)It has the vibes of an upscale diner, but the food was underwhelming and bland. I would not suggest it to a friend, but I would also not badmouth it.  It was a solidly average experience.  On a high note, the coffee was fresh and the wait staff was very efficient at refilling my mug.I'd give it between a 2.5 and 3. There's nothing really special about this place I split a eggs Benedict classic and the potato pancakes variety. The potatoes were bland and the portion was a bit small. I asked for an OJ with my food and it came when I was all done. A bit overpriced for what it is.I have to admit I wasn't impressed. Even my friends who aren't foodie snobs had to agree it wasn't anything special. Theres nothing really wrong with it but its nothing to write to home about. 
We sat outside and they were kind to my dog by providing cold water. However they lost our order (they figured this out an hour later) and took it again. Our food came out in 15 minutes which we devoured in 5 minutes. It was OK. As an apology our waitress didn't charge us for one of the meals so it was a buy two get one free type of deal. I'm cool with that.Great food!  Great d service...  Not overrated!  Not even a wake for Saturday brunch!Gosh, where does one even begin to the describe the horribleness of my first--and definitely only--trip to Day By Day?
The glacial pace of the service? The fact that my food came out barely lukewarm? The fact that my food probably would still have been bad if it were served piping hot? The fact that I probably could not tell the difference between the "chorizo" I was served and mild Jimmy Dean sausage in a taste test? The fact that it took 45 minutes to be seated (after being quoted 20), despite the fact that nearly 1/3 of the tables in the place were inexplicably empty? They seemed to be severely understaffed, although I fear that is only part of the problem.I like this breakfast/brunch/lunch place because it reminds me somewhat of a California eatery.  It offers outdoor seating which you can take advantage of on a nice day, and its menu is posted on a wall for customers to see advertising a daily brunch special.  These details give the place a hipster vibe.  I've been here twice (or three times; I can't quite recall) - on my first visit I ordered an iced coffee (which uses La Colombe coffee beans) with a salad (I ordered it with grilled chicken, and it contained goat cheese, roasted peppers, mushrooms, and spinach for its greens) and it was fairly tasty.  The balsamic vinaigrette tasted homemade.  
I also ordered stuffed French toast with hot coffee during my second visit.  The portion was a bit heavy for my tastes and the mascarpone cheese which was sandwiched between two slices of syrup-infused toast was certainly very rich.  I finished only 1/3 of the plate and took the rest home.  It wasn't too terrible to eat later on when I got hungry.
The people are pretty friendly and the place offers baked goods as well which I'm curious to try on a future visit.  The heartier breakfast items seemed to look tasty from what I saw other customers order.  Unfortunately, the place closes around 2-3 P.M.  I wouldn't mind getting their salad for dinner.
Service: A-
Taste: B+We came here on a saturday morning for brunch. I immediately liked the atmosphere. Fairly modern, very bright, and decent spacing between tables for a Philly brunch place. However, the food was mediocre. I had the lox, cream cheese, and onion scrambler. I had to add salsa picante to it to jazz up the flavor, something I rarely do. To sum it up best, this place brought out my Maroney face.Gosh the brunch here is good!
Like any normal brunch-lover, I usually struggle over whether to get sweet (pancakes) or savory (eggs). And I almost always end up getting pancakes, but feeling like there's a... certain something... missing (protein).
But Day by Day offers the perfect solution. The freshly baked cinnamon rolls are SO FREAKING GOOD, that starting off with one before ordering the eggs benedict, say, gives you the perfect balance of sweet and savory. The fresh muffins are also to die for! (Much better than Morning Glory, alas.)I have a really bad brunch experience with this restaurant. There was a waitress automatically adding 20% tips in our bill and her attitude was really bad. Thanks to one of the friends checking out the bill or we could pay 20% tips for totally unreasonable services. Be cautious.I visited this restaurant for brunch for the first time today. I thought it was quite a lovely ambience both inside and outside; I sat outside. 
The food was very good. I had the poached florentine; though not the best florentine I've had (mainly because the dish was under-salted), it tasted great and the presentation was very appealing. My friend had the sun-dried tomatoes and goat cheese omelette, which he said tasted just right.  
I will certainly he heading back here to try out the other things on the menu; they have a pretty extensive brunch menu.A late breakfast stop while on vacation. The food was good, the service was good. The food was normal brunch food - we had the chorizo sweet potato hash (she said she would get it again) the fish platter - so much fresh veggies, and the eggs Benedict - which was average .... The potatoes were delish.Day by day was good and I liked it, but overall nothing to write home about. For how cute the menu seems, the inside doesn't really match. I'd recommend eating outside if you have the chance. Service was nice but very slow, but I don't blame them for being slow for a weekend brunch. Menu is small but not too small...sufficient for breakfast. I liked that they had more exciting items than just the typical eggs and pancakes. I ordered the huevos rancheros which were good but not worth the $14, which was kind of a lot for breakfast. It was flavorful but something (maybe the salsa?) made the sauce on the bottom reallyyyyy watery. Overall with so many cute brunch places in Philly I doubt I'd come again, but I didn't have a bad experience at all.If you are looking for amazing, creative cuisine for breakfast or brunch, a nice, chill vibe, and expert staff that don't make you feel like you are in their way, go to Day by Day. 
Our table had oatmeal raisin pancakes, latkes Benedict, and a big farmhouse breakfast, all of it deliciously prepared and served up fast and hot. 
Being a tea drinker, I would have liked a little more attention to be paid to this area, but all in all it was a great experience. I'm telling all my friends!I heard wonderful things about this restaurant, but I have to disagree. I've been here several times for brunch and each time my eggs (omelettes) have been runny. I'm not saying they were a little jiggly, they were full on gooey & falling apart. My potatoes were coated in heavy grease & tons of rosemary. The bread is the saving grace of the place, although I have to say the waffles are sub-par.
If you go before 11 am it shouldn't be too tough to get in.I'm so sad, because the meal I just had doesn't reflect how beloved and popular this restaurant is. 
I had the cauliflower, rosemary, and gruyere omelet.  It came with multigrain toast, roasted rosemary potatoes, and a slice of orange.  The plate looked a little lackluster, but I'm more about taste than looks anyway, so I didn't care.
The omelet had a few pieces of cauliflower through it and a tiny bit of cheese.  For $12 I was expecting more.  The coffee wasn't great, and I wasn't expecting it to cost $3.50 for sure.  I wasn't offered a refill, so that's pretty darn pricey.  The potatoes were what I came for, and they were really disappointing.  Clearly reheated, with some tough and chewy outsides, super salty, and a few pieces were so burnt I couldn't eat them, which is saying a lot.  I mean, so burnt that the texture of the potato changed and nearly disintegrate when I tried to bite it.
With tip (since the service was great and the staff is so nice), this was a $20 meal.  If I ever go again I'm going to go for something sweet, to see if maybe that's what keeps people coming back.This place is right up there if not the best brunch spots in Philly. It gets packed every weekend, just to give you a heads up. So it's a hit or miss on if you're seated immediately. But if you have to wait, it's usually not as long as their estimated waiting time because they seat people quite efficiently and quickly. Anyway our meal hit the spot. Me and my girlfriend both had the big breakfast. The meal itself is self explanatory (pancakes, eggs, bacon, toast, potatoes).Nonetheless, it was amazing. The lady that runs or owns the place, greeted us and came by to get our plates. She was very friendly with us. Appreciate when someone in a manager/owner position shows us great hospitality.I've only eaten one thing here because it was so good I didn't want to try anything else: their open faced breakfast sandwich. It's scrambled eggs with bacon and cheddar cheese on top of a toasted croissant. Oh man! So delicious. They also have a nice outside seating area which I have sat in once on a nice sunny day.I really like this place! I got the shashuka and it was delicious - light and oh so savory. I tend to oscillate between how to approach brunch. Sometimes, I just want good food - and sometimes I just want a lot of food. The portions at Day by Day are filling, but may be on the smaller side. Getting two entrees for two people is definitely enough, but that is it - it's enough.  It's great place to eat some delicious food, maybe not the best place to gorge on as much food as possible.Had about a 30 minute wait for Sunday brunch during the peak hours. Good assortment of different types of menu items: burritos, Eggs Benedict, sweet potato hash, omelettes, breakfast platters, etc. Ordered the Reuben Benedict. Quality cut corned beef, sauerkraut, runny eggs, and perfectly crafted hollandaise sauce on rye. Service can be a little spotty during peak times.I was in town for the weekend and my friends love Day by Day so they insisted it was the place to brunch. My friends have had almost everything on the menu and assured me that I couldn't go wrong. I got one of their special scramblers and it was phenomenal! The eggs I got had crab, asparagus, and gruyere, absolutely delicious. The rosemary potatoes that came on the side... to die for. I will definitely be returning the next time I'm in the city!Wow, was it disgusting. Or maybe I was just lucky to get the chef who thought hollendaise sauce is brothy with chunks of powder in it. Mmmmm.Day by day is consistently the best brunch and lunch spot in the city. Amazing food, accommodating staff and a warm environment. Never ever disappointed! (And don't dare skip the baked goods. They're to die for).From reading the reviews here, we knew we were lucky when we saw many patrons were paying and had empty tables. We just caught the change of tables time and were seated in 15 minutes or so. The system of putting your name down is pretty chaotic though. Hope they'll change that soon. We ordered the eggs over chorizo and sweet potato hash and potato pancakes Benedict. Definitely recommend the sweet potato hash. Free coffee refills.THE SHORT VERSION:  
Get there early -  Long wait,   good food, good for dates - family - limited seating, Average dish 9$, 
suggestions: Sausage n' Cornbread Special
Rate: 7.5/10 i'd go back but if i wanted something different than the usual spots. 
If you can withstand the long wait, Day by Day has a pretty decent brunch especially for the prices.  There are many choices on the menu including different specials offered every weekend.  
As we waited outside, with the other 6 parties who were told 10 min. we smirked delightfully at the trios of dishes that would leave lingering images on our tounges.  45 min later.. Finally.. seats.. 
We were placed at the center, perfect spot to dish out what looked good.. surprisingly, maybe not so much, there were a large number of people without plates.  Then sporatically 1 2 3 4, dishes out.. and then finally the waiter greeted us. 
I opted for the spicy tomato salsa, sausage, with cornbread.  Alongside, a salmon omlette with dill creme sauce.  My partner got the whitefish platter- another special of the day.  The waiter was pleasant, the atmosphere a buzz of activity, but not loud enough that you couldn't get lost in conversation with that special someone you're dining with on a sunday.  20 min. later. Food.  
For 9.50$ each the plates were well portioned, especially when you count the actual quality of the food.  Out of the three dishes i rate the sausage and cornbread a great 8- i'd recommend it in a heartbeat, the salmon omlette a 7- only good if you love that dill flavor, (FYI Must try.. THE ROSEMARY BLISS POTATO as a side! 9), and the whitefish platter - 6 b/c  i'd rather have white fish as sushi or baked  and not used for a "tuna sandwich".  
A cup of coffee and the bill was.. 31$ all together or so.. For 3 dishes mind you.  
I'd eat here again, but it wouldn't be my first choice because of the wait, and the fish platters.  As i said, expect a wait.  Overall.. 1-10 - Day by day gets an 7.5.Food is very good. Waitstaff is friendly. However, we had a subpar experience with the hostess and manager upon getting seated. When we told them we didn't want a specific table right by where everyone enters and rests their elbows, we were looked straight in the face and asked "seriously?!" Do I look like I'm joking? Not professional. But we will be coming back for the food.Huge place inside with seating outside.  For some reason, I thought this place was a spa for the longest time.  Turns out, lots of law students come here for brunch.  Overall, just ok.  Maybe we just came on an off day or it was the obnoxiously loud woman sitting next to us outside airing all her dirty laundry to her brunchmate but the food was not memorable and I thought the portions were on the small side.  The ingredients seem fresh but the dishes lack flavor overall.  They had an interesting specials selection but not sure if I'll come back here again.It started well over a year ago. My girlfriend and I were discussing the "m" word, and decided it might be a fun idea to begin looking for places to hold ceremony/reception. We found our venue, and with the venue came a few "approved" catering places. First one we tried was Day By Day.
Stephen was friendly, and made us feel like our day was the most important one out of all the events he was catering. The pricing per person was excellent, and they way he described how this was our day and we can modify/create any meal plan we wanted to was the added bonus we needed to use them.
Leading up to the wedding, he kept in contact with us, making sure everything was a go.
The day of the wedding, he, Polly, and the rest of the Day by Day staff were friendly, and made sure everything was going as smooth as butter. 
The food itself was heavenly. Everything was cooked on-site and tasted delicious. All the guests raved about the food.
Highly recommend these guys to anyone who is looking for a caterer, not only for a wedding, but for any other function.I had gone here this morning. I had a party of 8 and made reservations for 11:00. Got there right at 11:00 and were not seated till about 11:30. Finally we got seated and service was pretty swell. The waitress brought everything requested, although she could of been in a better mood. The food was alright. I personally work in a dinner as a waitress in a local suburb and preferred the eggs Benedict at my work. I got my eggs benedict and there was hardly any hollandaise and not to mention it came out luke warm. I asked for extra hollandaise and it was like paste and cold. I almost thought it was honey mustard dressing. For a 10$ breakfast dish I expected a little better. The pastries are really good however and so are the pancakes. I really enjoyed the coffee, the waitress kept filling it up. The best part of anything I had was the wheat toast. I never had better toast in my life. It was homemade from a fresh local bakery. I even went to the bakery and picked up a loaf for $5. Over all it wasn't bad, just don't think the eggs benedict is there fortay.