Had the wontons in garlic sauce ($5.95) also. Was good. Very authentic place. The portion was enough to serve as a good lunch with probably 8 pieces.Great Chinese food in Philadelphia.  great attentive service,  spicy, excellent food. try the Kung Power chicken,  Shredded beef with long hot pepper and scallion pancakes.  Extra delicious.  we found our favorite place..This little place in Chinatown is definitely a haven for authentic Szechuan food. Places like Han Dynasty are delicious but after trying out some of the smaller places in Chinatown, I don't know if I'll be going back to now what seems like a softer and more western take on some seriously intense flavor when done right. Yes, it is spicy but it's the kind of spice that adds a rich texture to the palate. It's a small restaurant and very simple; certainly not one trying to propose a fancy ambiance or anything of the sort. The service is friendly and the main star is the food. I've had the hot and sour yam noodle soup, the wonton dumplings in garlic sauce and the mapo tofu. I have said that Emei has the best mapo tofu I have ever tasted but this place is a very very close second. The mapo tofu isn't as soft and gelatinous which is its downfall but the flavor is delightful! Emei's is more spicy and has a lot of minced pork. I know I'll be alternating between both! The takeout portion is huge and they gave me a whole other meal-sized portion of white rice when I asked for extra rice. 
We were once there late at night and they did not rush us even though it was nearly closing time. In fact, the staff all sat at a table and ate their dinner together and it gave a very comfortable sense of neighborhood and community.   
If you want to try Chinese food that's different from the mainstream, delve right into Chinatown and try this place!Traditional Szechuan, not your Americanized chicken and broccoli dishes. Great food and great service. I ordered take-out and the woman offered me tea while I waited. Try the Dry Pot Style!My second excellent Szechuan meal in the space of 50 yards (E Mei was the other). The steamed dumplings in chili oil were flavorful and of great size. I followed that with the beef in hot pod which I loved - very spicy and i finished the whole lot. Would definitely order both again.There are so many Szechuan restaurant in Philly, but this one is really different and is my favorite one. 
No American style Szechuan food, but authentic taste from China. I tried many kinds of dim sum that I've never seen or tried before, all of them are delicious. Although I've waited a long time for bamboo leaf wrap rice, it tasted really good. Another interesting dish is the new kind of hotpot with skewers, interesting and delicious. 
I love spicy food, and this place is just what I expected it to be- VERY spicy! Though no fancy decorations, the food is fancy. I recommend everyone who loves spicy food to check it out!A very good authentic Chinese/Szechuan restaurant spotted in the old Chinatown in Philly.
This place is totally not disappointed for someone like who has tasted known Chinese restaurant in Los Angeles and New York.
Environment: very clean. Their napkin is of good quality compared to other Asian restaurants.
Food: their dim sum style dishes are the most popular. Additionally, Fresh fish in boiled hot chili sauce is a must try - the whole fish well marinated within the hot sauce and the ingredients include different kinds of mushrooms.
Service: those young waiters and waitresses are very friendly.
In a nutshell, if you are a big fun of spicy food, don't miss out this place when you are in Philly!
Hope it helps!
xoxo, Qthey put too much capsicum in every dish we ordered, super oily also.This is probably one of the best restaurant in Chinatown. I always eat there. Th food is delicious and their service is super nice! Definitely recommend!Great authentic Schezuan food! Very spicy which is something we love. 
We love the spicy won ton and the house special soft tofu the most. 
Hidden gem!Super authentic and delicious and not expensive! Highly recommended for Chinese, as the taste is just like home. All the dishes we have tried are super good and authentic. Mapo Tofu is the best I have ever had anywhere else. The dishes are super worthy for the price you paid. Much cheaper as compared to other Chinese restaurants, yet the quantity and quality are super good!This is probably one of the best restaurant in Chinatown. I always eat there. Th food is delicious and their service is super nice! Definitely recommend! Ordered the Sichuan Style Roasted Whole Fish today and fried squid with cumin sauce for take out. Both are delicious!!!Very good Szechuan food, a big menu with less heard of dishes, fresh ingredients, rarely do places pan fry their scallion pancakes nowadays, pork feet noodle soup is definitely worth trying.  Not as spicy as Szechuan food should be, but I like it very muchThe food is not very good (I ordered chicken), however the price is quite high.Great selection, very good fresh taste.  I will go back.  One of the few places that makes Kung Pao very similar to how I had it in China.This place has become our favorite Szechuan restaurant. We have been here more than 5 times by now and we are literally eating our way through the entire menu... then we plan on starting it again. Hands down this is by far the most authentic of the Szechuan places in the City (better half is Chinese). And spiciest. So, if you are a complainer about hot food - just don't bother to come here. So, if you like americanized Chinese food - just don't bother to come here. There is a lot of dishes that we have not found on other menus in the US. Two thumbs up, and we will be back next weekend!I went with two native Philadelphians and I trusted you two!!!
Anyway, I have always heard and thought Philly has better Chinese food than us here in DMV. So I was really excited to try out this place. I am from Chengdu and one person I went with is from Chongqing. I guess we are the best judge on the authenticity. 
I guess the flavors were OK. We ordered 凉粉，钟水饺，毛血旺，酸汤肥牛，香菇菜心，卤肉锅盔 or spicy bean noodles, dumplings, spicy innerds, sour and spicy beef, vege with mushroom and shredded pork buns. The pork bun was too salty. But other than that, the flavors were decent. But the quality of ingredients were not really good. The tofu in the spicy innerds was sour (aka went bad). The beef was tough and chewy with an off after-taste. 
I feel sorry to say that my favorite dish was actually vege with mushroom. How sad for a Szechuan restaurant! 
The waitress was pretty nice though.This place gets better and better! Just recently tried their "Chinese hamburger". It was amazing. Also being as a mapo tofu afficionado I tried theirs finally-definitely my second favorite in the city (they could use more ground meat in it).I was pleasantly surprised by this little Chinatown establishment. I ordered the Sichuan style soft tofu with noodles in chili oil and my friend got the hot and sour soup with yam noodles. Not only were these dishes delicious with a perfect spice level, but the price cannot be beat. Service was great and the restaurant was clean. I will definitely be returning here.I had high expectation for the place since its menu boasts authentic Szechuan "dim sum". But the food we ordered were just really average, nothing good nor bad. I was disappointed that they couldn't make one of the signature dishes (short of materials?). It will be better if they could have more explanation for each  dish on the menu. We ordered something presumably to be a dessert, half of the which turned out to have meat filling...
Overall, it is a decent place to dine in if you happen to be around. If you are searching for the wow factor, I'd say go elsewhere.This place offers relatively authentic Szechuan food. Might not suitable for Americans because  food here is far more spicy than those in Han dynasty or Jane G's. Foods here are not being Americanized. I really like some of the appetizers here. They are special and I simply can't have them in other Szechuan restaurants. The staffs are polite and considerate. If you are people who love real spicy Szechuan  food, you should definitely  give a try.Finally a good chinese resturant in Philly..we moved from NYC a couple years ago and have struggled to find any decent Chinese. .this place was it...love it!I was excited to try this place with my boyfriend one night, so we came around 11pm after work. Street parking in Chinatown is always a pain, but they're located on a less busier street than other places which was less stressful to find parking. 
When we arrived, we were met by a homeless(?) man in the restaurant asking us for cash so that he could grab a train home or something. He was pretty demanding too. Owners finally asked him to leave or they would call the cops. Very awkward for us lol. Anyway on to the food...
I ordered a beef noodle soup in hopes that it would taste like an authentic 牛肉麵 (Niu Rou Mien), but I was disappointed. The broth was really bland. No beefy flavor or anything. There were a few pieces of beef and Bok Choy (which were good) and the noodles. I definitely will not order this again. We'll come back next time because my boyfriend liked his spicy pork belly dish a lot. It's a small restaurant, but they should tidy up the windows on the walls because they are super dusty (like halfway up top).In Philadelphia, when I think of Szechuan, I think of Han Dynasty... Well not anymore. The recipes here are wide ranging, where as some Szechuan places you taste the same thing over and over again.
The dumplings in Chili oil are great because they are more creamier than oily. Pork Buns are very average, but everything else on the menu is above par.
A must is the Szechuan Style Chicken. Is it crispy on the outside, and moist of the inside. Lightly coasted with chili oil and surrounded by fried chilis and peanuts.
Don't expect much more than the food. The past couple times I went they were making space for Karaoke, which could a bit different feel, but for the most part this place is very causal.Don't expect an Americanized menu over here, this crew is not afraid to dump a pile of peppers on you.
My favorite dish of the day was the wontons in garlic sauce ($5.95). The sweet, spicy, garlicy sauce covering the small pork wontons was a more complex version of the typical  spicy sauce found at other Szechaun places (and also on the menu here).
Wanting something noodley, the Szechuan style cold noodles ($5.95) are like a sesame, peanut, liang pi noodle mash up. Next time I might pick the hand made noodles with garlic sauce, since it comes with the sauce I enjoyed so much on the wontons.
Szechaun style spicy chicken will be a crowd pleaser if your group is not afraid of hot peppers ($15.95). Crunchy, boneless chicken pieces are tossed with a lifetime supply of red chilies, plus scallion and peanuts.  This is a dish that requires sharing and would also be improved with a side of beer.Sichuan Style Soft Tofu and House Noodles In Chili Oil at Delightful Garden (906 Arch St, Philadelphia).
Stopping by this small restaurant in Chinatown for lunch after four hours of shopping was honestly the best thing I could have probably done. Aside from lacking descriptions in the menu, my experience was pleasant. The meal was hot and fresh. The flavors were impressive because there was dimension and spicy, but it did not become overpowering. 
The best part about this dish, however, would be the texture of the tofu. It was soft and decadent, melting into my mouth as I took each bite. That in combination with the always tasty house-made noodle, the crunchy seasoned peanuts, and the soupy base made this dish exactly what I needed after a long day out in chilly weather. 
Definitely a delightful meal.This place is wayyyyyy tooooooooo spicy for non szchuan people....although we already asked for light to medium spicy, the tofu fish turned out to be too spicy for us to finish.... And we are pretty tolerant for spicy food lol
So be alert, it can be too spicy for you!
That's why I am giving three star ...This is the real deal. Authentic. Makes Han Dynasty, which is tastier, look a bit more domesticated. My Chinese friend was the expert I brought to help me navigate the menu. We shared three plates, tofu, mouth-watering chicken, and a soup with sweet potatoes noodles.  I enjoyed it quite a bit and the Szechuan peppers (numb nuts) certainly challenged my palate. I'd like to go back and keep venturing, but I know that this place is legit for now.
A few weaknesses: presentation was lacking,and so was explanation. I needed my guide to help me through it. Not sure about the quality of ingredients either.Tasteless dish, small plate, expensive hidden price. Way worse than Emei across the street.Seems like everyone and their mothers are opening Sichuan restaurants these days. I blame Handy Nasty for this, as it has brainwashed Philadelphia Americans into thinking Sichuan cuisine is the hallmark of authentic Chinese food (there are other areas of China too, y'all). And I assure you, many of these Sichuan restaurant owners are not Sichuanese.
The water boiled fish was the biggest disappointment. $35 for a pot of low quality, bone-in fish pieces (fins, some scales, and gelatinous parts included) that has retained an overpowering fishy flavor. They charge you rice by the bowl, and the water cups are too small for how infrequently they are filled.
The Sichuan spicy chicken was admittedly more palatable, and the overall spice levels for all dishes were pleasing. Though will I be coming back? I'm not a fortune teller, but this place is across the street from E Mei (a clearly superior Sichuan restaurant) and adjacent to Xi'an Sizzling Woks (for bangin' Xi'an food), so it's pretty unlikely.Updated:
This place is going downwards. I dined here tonight and discovered it's no longer run by the previous owner (a lady with northern accent). The service & management style has obviously changed, unfortunately on the down side.
The spicy whole fish we ordered tastes good (at the time), so I can't tell if chef and kitchen staff has changed partially or totally. However, both my companion and I experienced digestive uncomfort for a few hours after eating their food this time. Since Szechuanese food is often heavy spiced, I can't tell if their ingredients are fresh enough. However, I suspect their kitchen quality control is going down with new management.
I probably won't come back. Very sad that there's no place to eat good Szechuanese dim sum in Philly.
-------------------
I was born in Chengdu, Szechuan and I can safe say that Szechuanese dim sum dishes here are authentic, like dandan noodles, honeyed garlic noodle, hot & noodles. Other dishes here are among average in Chinatown. I talked to the Chef once and he is from Szechuan, too.
The management of the restaurant need improvement, as they get flurried when there are too many customers.I was born in Chengdu, Szechuan and dined here a few times. I can safely say that Szechuanese dim sum dishes here are authentic, like dandan noodles, honeyed garlic noodle, hot & sour noodles. However, other dishes here are among average in Chinatown.
I talked to the Chef once and he is from Szechuan, too.
The service and management of the restaurant need improvement.I like their meat balls very much. They followed my instructions when I ordered takeouts.JIAN BING ALERT!! I've been searching high and low for a Jianbing in Philly ever since I studied abroad in Shanghai last year. Thankful to have stumbled upon a very outdated blog post on the internet that mentioned an old restaurant used to make these, but the name was different back then. Luckily Delightful Garden has kept them on their menu. Decently priced for about $5 a piece, these are super close to what I had in Beijing (not the Shanghai crispy style with millet) but does the job. Please go here and try the most underrated street food item that people in America don't know about!For a full year, Szechuan Dim Sum Garden flew under our radar. The restaurant has an unassuming facade and is quite easy to miss when walking along Arch street. Secondly it wouldn't show up among the top results in a search for Philly Chinatown restaurants due to fewer reviews. But after perusing a few that seemed favorable, we decided to try this place on our way back home from the airport. 
We ordered the Wontons with Spicy sauce, Ma Po Tofu, Szechuan Style Spicy Chicken and Sliced Beef with Hot Green Pepper for dinner. 
The Beef with Hot Green Pepper arrived at the table first and packed a good amount of heat from the long hots. While certainly not the best version that we've had till date, the dish was very likable. 
Speaking of Ma Po Tofu, if you've never tried this sichuan staple, we suggest you give it a shot once. It wasn't love at first bite but over the years we have acquired a taste and love this dish for the fiery heat from red peppers along with a cool mouth numbing sensation produced by sichuan peppercorns, the combination of which is termed málà and is so addictive. The version that they served here was without ground pork but the flavor (oh my!) could put the average "sichuan" place to shame. This restaurant my foodie friends is the real deal!
The Szechuan style spicy chicken was another winner here. Super crispy chicken buried in a mound of red peppers and sichuan spices dry fried. This dish sort of reminded us of Chonqing chicken but this was way better. 
The Wontons with Spicy sauce arrived last and were the least of our favorites for the night. The sauce was a tad too sweet for our tastebuds but the dish was decent overall. 
The menu here is pretty elaborate and we would love to come back and try the rest of it in the future. The decor and dining setup is functional and very basic. The service is pretty warm and we've sang a volume of praise for the food. If you are the type to go on a dining adventure and skip past the fake, mediocre or watered down versions of ethnic eats scattered throughout the city,  this restaurant will meet your expectations.Ironically, our plan was to walk over to 3rd & Chestnut after taking care of a few things in Chinatown.  The original destination was Han Dynasty in Old City so we could sample what was reputed to be among the best Szechuanese in Philly.  
But, as John Lennon so cuttingly observed, "Life's what happens while you're busy making other plans..."  On our way down Arch we saw the sign for Szechuan Dim Sum Restaurant.  We had been looking forward to a brisk after rain walk, but on seeing this convenient alternative, we wordlessly took each other's hand, made a hard right and jaywalked directly to their front door. Not much traffic on this Saturday afternoon, or we might have been less impulsive. 
We walked in to an almost empty house, with seven wood top tables and a mirrored wall.  There were two servers, also acting as hosts.  The young woman shepherded us to a table mid-shop, and dropped off two menus.  She asked what we wished to drink, and brought a nice aromatic hot black tea moments later.  The set up of fork, spoon and sticks was wrapped in a heavy paper nap with a rose printed on the right spot for the package to appear perfectly placed for casual elegance.  Nice touch. 
The menu was bilingual so my companion had an easy time with descriptions and photo captions. She went quickly to the Spicy Crisp Intestine, and left the rest of the ordering to me.  Up for the challenge, I opted for the Szechuan Style Spicy Chicken (basically, salt/pepper dry pot chicken), and Spicy Eggplant in Garlic Sauce.  Wasn't in the mood for DanDan, Wonton, nor Mapo.  
They arrived in that sequence, with about 5 minutes between each delivery.  All were very good to excellent.  The Intestine was thin cut, lightly fried, and loaded with Red Chili, Scallions, Celery and Peanuts.  Good heat, but not a conflagration, as I did not see any Szechuan Black Peppercorns in the mix; thus no anesthetic effect.  It took you to the edge of the fire, burned your eyelashes, but did not throw you in.  
The Chicken dish was a variation of Salt/Pepper Dry Pot Style Chicken morsels, well dusted in a spicy ensemble, and flash fried twice so there was little oily residue.  Tender meat with more Red Chili, Peanuts, Scallions, and a sprinkling of Sesame Seed on top.  The heat quotient was perhaps a few degrees higher than the Intestines, with more spice during and after cooking.  Very tasty, but perhaps the weakest link in our dinner chain.  
The biggest and best surprise was the Eggplant.  It was sliced into lengths of a four/five inches, skinned, and somehow wok-ked to give a mild crispiness.  How did they do that? It was a neat trick, and it was piled high on a deep dish that created an island surrounded by red, shining, heat vapored, sauce.  The heart of the nightshade remained soft and contained a hint of sweetness.  This combo tag team between the Red Chili flame and unexpected sugar underneath was delicious and fun.  
We thoroughly enjoyed this repast.  If asked to compare with other hot houses in Ctown, it would fall somewhere just below Emei (across the street), on the same plane as Four Rivers and Spice C, and above Traditional Szechuan.  It really reminded me of the old Chili Szechuan on Baltimore Avenue, before it moved to larger digs and lost its edge.  
Gotta say that this block of Arch Street has it going on!
Han Dynasty will just have to wait.I always keep ordering from the same places-- so I thought I would try a new place. I actually wanted to dislike this place- I assumed it would be mediocre at best given the drab decor, the surly manner of the person who gave me my take out order, and the length of time it took to get my food (30min from initial phone call).  
However, I was wrong.  VERY wrong.
The food was incredibly fresh, bordering on a fresh, homemade quality. I didn't get anything special, just the house special mei fun, the chicken chow fun, and the braised meatball dish.  Just knowing they are doing the basics INCREDIBLY well has piqued my interest considerably.  In fact, my gourmand 10yr old son has stated resolutely that this is the best he's ever had-- and he's right.  Next time we are trying their specialty dishes.  If their basic every day chinese food is amazing, I would hazard to guess their specialty food is out of this world. 
Go.  You won't be sorry.  I'm tipping next time I pick up-- the surly demeanor to the woman who gave me my food was a put off, but who cares.  The food is superb.Like another reviewer said, this place charge your tip (15%) in the receipt so be aware of that. I decided to have a quick lunch here after got off a two hour greyhound ride before I went home. Despite that the place was pretty empty(around 1pm), it took them more than 20 minutes to bring me the noodles I ordered and I had to ask multiple times to get my water refilled. They simply include 15% tips in the receipt. When I confronted them, they simply said "yes that's how we do it here." I'm not going to this place again even though they have authentic Szechuan food.Ordered from them because I was craving Chinese food, and their food hit the spot! The pork ribs with corn soup was so good, and I also got the chili soup style with beef and loved how thinly they sliced the beef.Food are very spicy but really not authentic. I spent about $35 dollar for 3 dishes and the bill came up $42 and some change.(I almost pay tip twice by just looking the subtotal on the bottom of the bill), Later I found they had charged 20% tips to my bill for two people. I understand servers are get pay by tips and usually Asian customers won't make a tip lower than 15%,  and suggested tips are between15%-18% in Philadelphia , but this restaurant is forced customer to pay 20% tip and the food and sevices aren't even good at all.I cannot believe that I was in the same restaurant the other reviewers visited. We had lunch. It was inedible. We had the szechuan duck and a spicy chicken dish and tea smoked duck,  what a disappointment. The szechuan duck dish had very little meat or flavor and was greasy, the chicken was  deep fried and just tasted of old grease. The tea smoked duck was amazingly dry. In the end, including a couple of canned drinks, we came out with a $70 bill. We left most of the food there. Certainly seems as if we had a different chef than the other reviewers. I am shocked that anybody has had food that they liked at this restaurant. Perhaps they have a new chef?  I am sure there are better choices in this neighborhood.Normally I don't give bad reviews, cz i don't want to waste my time. But I was stuck in the rain. So I guess bad luck.
I was on my way back to NYC, and stopped by for the Liberty Bell. I saw this restaurant after parking and decided to give it a shot after my visit to the Bell. The food is just not authentic Szechuan cuisine, in short. It is understandable since I am at USA. Yet they make the food spicy and extremely salty, barely edible. The worst thing was that the ribs they served was stale. You could tell by the texture and the weird taste. They also charged me with 15% tips. I usually tip at that much. But they just printed it out and said to me "well we have included the tips". That is not the right way to run business. Plus the service was not worthy of 15%. With a whole day working on math projects, I did not want to argue with them, so I just paid and left and would never visit again.Went here Sunday Eve.. not many people there..I was the only one
Cash only
Service was ok...I ordered 2 apps..
One was in Chinese..no America name..
It was kind of like an English muffin with meat inside..it was good but kind of dry...
I also had dumplings on schezuan sauce...these were ok...I liked...but I wasn't impressed..just average and somewhat disappointing..
Just fair at best imo
2 stars due to the very past expiation date table tops.  The Formica worn completely off, and greasy sticky..
I expected betterThis place totally changed!! Nothing like what it was 4 years ago. Now it is expensive, not fresh and not tasty. Go to Jane G's to find authentic Szechuan food.North Philly Chinese To-Go level food at high end Chinatown prices. $12.95 for broccoli and chicken? $3.50 fpor a small Wonton? My bill was$19 bucks! That's a 6.95 lunch special or $9.95 dinner at best for the food I received.The restaurant is located in Chinatown, and closes at the arch. The food is very good, and the place is reasonable. We often buy at this restaurant.Updated:
This place is going downwards. I dined here tonight and discovered it's no longer run by the previous owner. The service & management style has obviously changed, unfortunately on the down side.
The food still tastes good, but both my partner and I experienced digestive discomfort a few hours after eating here. Since Szechuanese food is often heavy spiced, I can't tell if their ingredients are fresh enough. However, I suspect their kitchen quality control is going down with new management.
I probably won't come back.
-------------------
I was born in Chengdu, Szechuan and I can safe say that Szechuanese dim sum dishes here are authentic, like dandan noodles, honeyed garlic noodle, hot & sour noodles. However, other dishes here are among average in Chinatown.
I talked to the Chef once and he is from Szechuan, too.
The management of the restaurant need improvement, as they get swamped when there are too many customers.The food is fine, average Chinatown level but I think the price is above Chinatown average since the portion seems small compared to other Chinatown restaurants.Not Delightful but DISHONEST AND DECEITFUL!
I was at the PA Conversation Center and went to have a quick lunch in Chinatown. I saw a big sign in front of Delightful Garden showing a list of dishes with "lunch special $6.95" at the end of the list. I asked the lady about the specials and ordered one from that list.  The dish came fairly quickly and was served in a fairly small plate (clearly a lunch portion), but the bill came out $17.23 (with tax). I asked why was that much since she knew I ordered from their lunch special list, and her answer was, fasten your seat belt, $6.95 is for lunch specials but the dishes above were not lunch specials.
I was here for a conference and was looking for a dinner place to entertain some conference goers. Obviously, Delightful Garden was not the place.So I ordered delivery food from this restaurant and I found a super moldy cauliflower in my food. So I contact the restaurant and ask for a refund just for this single dish I ordered. The other 3 dishes aren't very tasty either, but they are just simply not as tasty and nothing else goes wrong. Guess what they told me "we throw all our unhealthy ingredients, please PICK OUT the ingredients that seems not fresh and CONTINUE EATING" 
I don't know they said that to me because I ordered through delivery and can't give the rest of food back to them or they genuinely think cooked MOLD is edible. The delivery company felt super bad and refund me credits, but I feel bad for them because it's not even their responsibilities. 
Guys, open your eyes and run away from them, there are so many good Chinese restaurant around that provides better food and customer service. While this place needs a visit from the health department.Charged for prices over what was listed on menu, ended up paying $30 over what was listed. Also didnt get what some of the menu items listedI went to there twice,there is totally no service and Kid running around.Everytime she asked me to pay by cash！ If you want to take cash only why don't you put a note "CASH ONLY"never ever go back again！Omg. These people have zero customer service.. came in to ask for boba and they said ok.. long story short our drinks came without boba. And the whole time we were ordering they were rushing us. Rude. Just rude. Go elsewhere.Do not go there if you are Black. I went there and sat for at least 10 morning bites before I received service. There were two different Asian couples that came in after me and received service before me. The racism was so obvious that I could not eat there in good conscience. I'd rather be hungry than compromise my dignity. When I complained, they didn't even acknowledge my complaint- so I left. In fact, I'm writing this review outside the restauranAverage. We walked in on a Saturday afternoon and sat on one of the few available tables. Service was pleasant, but slow. We ordered the house special soft tofu, the dumplings in chili sauce, dan-dan noodles and the chili chicken. The order in which the food came was all wrong: first we got the chicken, then the tofu, then the dumplings. The dan-dan noodles never came, and yet they tried to charge us for them.
True, the chicken was scrumptious and I would return for more. The tofu was ok, and the dumplings were passable.
But given the wait, the haphazard way in which the food was brought to us, and the mistake with the dan-dan noodles, and the fact that e mei is across the street and has much better everything, I think I won't be coming back. Sorry...What a disappointment! We came here on a rainy afternoon since we didn't want to deal with the crowds. The place is small and there were probably 5 tables being served. And still we had to wait 35 minutes to get dumplings or any of the food we ordered!! I'm sorry but that's just unacceptable. We didn't order anything complicated either. Just soup, and appetizer, dumplings and kung pao chicken. The most disappointing thing was the food. The dumplings were so overdone they were falling apart. The soup had no broth and the noodles were overcooked as well. And the kung pao chicken was too sweet, not spicy and greasy. Save your money and go somewhere else in Chinatown.Not going to lie i'm basing this review off service. We walked in and no one tended us. The food was great.. we loved our food. When we were ready to pay for everything I walked up to the counter to pay and I pulled out my mastercard and the lady kept saying cash cash. I asked her if she took card and she said yes but she refused to take my card and I had to end up paying with cash! Cash I was intending to use around the town! Be aware and bring cash just in case!HORRIBLE.  Do not go there. I work in the city and had to get my license renewed at the PennDot at 8th and Arch.  After I was done I wanted to grab a quick lunch.  My usual, Erawan Thai, was closed so I decided to stop at this place.  I ordered the MaPo Tofu and scallion pancakes.  My first issue is with the fact that I ordered based on the prices listed on the menu.  The MaPo was listed at $9.95 and the scallion pancakes were $3-4.  She rang me up and took my card and then when I got the receipt after it showed that I was charged $12.95 for the TOFU DISH and then $5 and some change for the scallion pancakes (my total for NO MEAT/nothing fancy, was $18.95).  I explained to them that the prices were different than that which was listed on the menu and all they did was give me a blank stare and say sorry - nothing more.  After all of that I went back to my office to eat and took my first bite of the scallion pancakes..... it tasted like dry, fried, tasteless flour (so horrible I threw it away right away).  I had high hopes for the MaPo but unfortunately upon sight I was unable to even take a bite as it was a gloppy mess of clumps of mushy tofu, that was falling apart when I tried to pick it up, drenched in a very oily, thick and gloppy sauce.Very disappointing. 
Wontons had little meat and were too chewy. Spice level is low. XLB were small and didn't have much soup. 
Excellent service but I won't be back and highly do not recommend.This is place is prob the most weird Chinese restaurant I have seen in Philly. What kind of restaurant doesn't give rice with their dishes? And when I called the restaurant they are like, "oh, our rice is super good so it's $1 each and didn't your order app alert you that you have to order rice separately?" EXCUSE ME???? Isn't that a common sense you need rice when you eat Chinese food??????? Or at least you could contact the customer and double check if they really don't need rice.
And most importantly, we asked for VERY SPICY for every single of our dish. You know what, they are not even tiny bit spicy. LOL. Is there something wrong with their ability of understanding the word "very" and "spicy"? I'm not sure.
REALLY REALLY REALLY DO NOT BOTHER COMING IF YOU ARE INTO SPICY STUFF AND YOU EAT RICESurprisingly really good-- my kids love their chow fun, Singapore noodles and meatball dish. We keep getting the same thing bc it's that good. The food is incredibly fresh!! Fresher than any other place (that we've tried so far) in Chinatown!!! Soooooo delicious. Seriously!3.5 stars
There's something very homey about eating at a family-run Chinatown restaurant that turns out simple yet tasty plates of authentic Szechuan food. The "small eats" or appetizer-style dishes shared family-style are my favorite part of this mouth-numbing cuisine! We started with the Chengdu-style cold bean noodles, and the soft, slippery noodles were a great conduit for the slightly spicy chili sauce. The dan dan noodles with minced pork were a bit of a miss--the wheat noodles seemed a bit overcooked, and the sauce was rather flavorless. Similarly, the mapo tofu with ground meat was surprisingly bland and the sauce was way too soupy. The smashed cucumbers in vinegar/soy garlic sauce were tasty and refreshing, but the highlight dish here (also the owner's favorite dish) was the beef, tripe, and tendon in chili oil (fuqi feipian). The thin, cold slices of brisket and offal were tossed with a delicious chili sauce and had a great lean texture! Nice!
Overall, all the dishes here had very clean flavors and were surprisingly mild for something branded as Szechuan cuisine (I barely got any of the characteristic numbing spice). However, this also meant that nothing was overly salty, and the great value food and friendly service made this an authentic, homey experience!I would give this place a zero star if i could. After we ordered the waitress told us there would be an extra 25% extra charge for each menu item because of inflation, we wanted to get up and leave but didn't since we had already ordered. The portions were small. When we received the check, each item had an additional 35-40%! The waitress argued that she did inform us of the surcharge. We told her we will hold on to the check and that we can file a complaint with the better business bureau because they did not display the surcharge anywhere on the menu or in the establishment. When we ask to place the noodle in a to- go container, she said "why couldnt you just finish it" . We paid the full amount without leaving a tip. Now I know I should've read the reviews before coming here.I've been vegetarian for a full year and some time and they sent me chicken instead of tofu and now have ruined that for me. Plus it was cold as well. Definitely go to literally any other place to eat foodBeing very careful when ordering food from them, they will OVER-CHARGE you!
Last week I was there to order four dish, the total is $34, and they charged $40! While I asked them how they calculated, they seem to be well prepared for giving out excuse! They immediately pointed out they forgot to update the menu, and they took out another menu under table to show me that the prices are higher. 
The food is also terrible. We order Braised Beef Noodle In Chili Soup, there are literally NO BEEF just noodle with soup!The meal was mediocre at best. The portions were quite small and on the pricey side. The price on the menu is not what was charged. The said they had a recent price increase which is not reflected in the menu. So they basically can charge whatever they want . The worst part of the meal was the customer service as noted in previous reviews. The waitress could've been a robot for all I know. Not friendly and not engaging. Will not be back.