I think this food truck is unique in that they serve food that other food trucks don't. It's not the typical hoagie, chinese, mexican food trucks. I like that. But, as for the food itself, the portions are really small and it tasted OK. Ordered the sweet plantain + cheese arepa. I probably could've skipped the arepa and the cheese altogether and would have been just as satisfied (if not more satisfied). Personally disliked the rubbery tastin' cheese -- wasn't a fan.Ricooooo me encanta! I had the platano maduro n queso arepa. Am glad I married a venezuelan!Although the line was overwhelmingly long at the South St. Night Market, I decided to hop in line since Delicias was heavily recommended by my sister. We waited 45 minutes the Pabellon arepa and it was well worth the wait. I received an arepa erupting with shredded beef, black beans, sweet plantains and cojito cheese! I put some verde sauce on it and dug in. While I was expecting the meat to be a little more flavorful, I enjoyed the savory/sweet combination it provided. I definitely recommend paying this food truck a visit. I know I'll be hunting it down in University City for a second arepa very soon!¡que comida mas rrrrrrrrrica!
seriously though-- comí una arepa con maduros y queso-- this was almost as good as my abuelita-in-law's , which is probably the highest compliment one can get.I got the chance to check out this Latin food truck at the Chinatown Night Market. I was drawn in by the word "arepas" on the side of the truck and thought I should give it a try since I've never had them or any type of Venezuelan cuisine before. The savory chorizo and pico de gallo stuffed in a maize shell tasted very fresh and was packed with a lot of flavor! It's perfect street food as far as the portion size goes. It's more than a snack, but less than a entree. A downside of the arepa is that it isn't exactly food for the prim, proper and dainty. It can be a little tough to eat sans hands, so utensils may be in your best interest.
I definitely recommend this truck as a beginner's guide to Venezuelan cuisine.Forget anything I've ever said about food truck fabulousness...THIS is the only thing you'll ever need to know.  It almost seems not-right to give a place five-stars just because I've only ever had one thing on their menu BUT it's so good I can't move beyond that one thing...in the dozen or so times that I've eaten here.
So go, get the $5 plantain and cotija cheese arepa (for $1 more ask them to make it with black beans) and you will never need another food truck (or another menu item) again.  
NOTE: when they hand you your arepa you undoubtedly will think "Awww man, I should've ordered two.  These are SO small"  but when you're struggling to put that last bite in your mouth because you're full you'll be glad that you stopped at one.
AND, be nice to the people that work at Delicia's.  They're some of the happiest people on Market Street at lunchtime.I got the plantain and cheese arepa. It was ok. I've had better and it was also pretty pricey ($10) for something that wasn't that big. I enjoyed it and if I was hungry and it was there I might consider it, but there's so many other places to try in the area that I probably won't be back. 
TL;DR tasty, I guess. But also pricy and smallCaution.  Upon eating arepas from Delicias, you will immediately die and go straight to arepa heaven.
The arepas are gluten-free, featuring a soft corn patty stuffed with different fillings.  I  had the black bean and cotija cheese which was incredibly tasty. I wish I would have tried the plaintains and cojita cheese but I was at Night Market and needed to eat strategically.
With that being said, I will definitely make the trip to 34th and Market to sample more of this delicious food.I was so excited to try this cart after reading the 22nd & Philly review and seeing all the great Yelp reviews. I was even more excited that it's less than a block from school. Unfortunately,  I was disappointed. I ordered the choripan and waited about 10 minutes to get my sandwich. I walked less than a block back and went to eat it immediately, quite surprised to find the bread soggy and ingredients room temperature at best. Given that I waited 10 minutes, I assumed my sandwich would be made fresh. But it tasted like the contents had been sitting on that roll for plenty of time. And the "caramelized" onions were barely cooked (definitely not caramelized). Will I go back to try the arepas? Definitely. But the choripan was a disappointment :(With Chewy's and Philly Delicias parked right beside one another on 34th and Market, this block is prime real estate to me. Prior to this, I have never had arepas before, and I thought Philly Delicias was a wonderful introduction.
I've tried both the pabellon arepa and the chorizo and pico de gallo arepa. The arepa is absolutely delicious--crispy on the outside, soft and doughy on the inside. I'm a big texture person, and I fell madly in love with the texture of the arepas. The corn flavor is there but not overpowering, a nice complement to the filling with which the arepa is bursting at the seams. I preferred the chorizo arepa to the pabellon, although both were tasty. The chorizo was nicely smoked, very juicy, and packed with rich and spicy flavor (although a bit too oily, but I suppose that's hard to avoid). The pico de gallo lent the arepa its freshness and crispness, balancing the meatiness of the chorizo. The pabellon, which had shredded beef, black beans, cottage cheese, and plantains, was a little mushy in texture, but I loved the crumbly cottage cheese and I am quite partial to plantains in general.
Service is great, food is great, definitely a West Philly favorite.I used to work in University City and would frequent the Delicias truck.  Today I was in the area and made a special trip for an arepa.  The staff was different and the prices higher.  I forged ahead, regardless, expecting to taste homemade, gluten free goodness.   
The truck manager told me he changed the arepas to make them more what they were supposed to be.  I happily paid him and went on my merry way.  I should have realized something was amiss when there was not a single soul waiting for food.  As I walked away, I opened the foil and was surprised that what had once been guacamole, now looked like green mayo. I bit into the sandwich and struggled through that first bite.  The arepa was chewy, the texture a combination of stale and dry.  I wanted to like it.  I attempted another bite.  The beans were thick and salty. I couldn't finish it.  
There was not even a hint of the homemade gluten free goodness that used to be.I was lucky enough to try Delicias during the PMFA Brewerytown event and was very pleased with my choice. I ordered the areapa with Cojita cheese and Plantains which was quite tasty when I received my order. They were offering 3 different areapas at this event. I love areapas and they don't seem to be common in this area so it was nice to see so many people giving them a shot.  They did take some time to make but you could see into the truck and that the food was being made as it was ordered and by hand. I would wait for this again in a heartbeat. The only improvement I can see would be having some hot sauce available to add if you like.Excellent arepas! Anything with chorizo is a win here. Definitely make sure to grab a fork and plenty of napkins, because these arepas are packed and can get quite messy. It's definitely worth the money, and they accept credit cards!PROS: Fresh ingredients, solid food
CONS: Pricey, small portions
I got the arepa with plaintains and black beans. It was tasty, albeit tiny and expensive for what it is (a fist-sized fluffy flatbread filled with beans and grilled bananas). The plaintains were slightly harder than I liked, but the black beans were thick and savory. Since it's not something I can't mimic in my own kitchen, Delicias is an "okay" for me. Perhaps the meat-a-tarian versions are better?After a lot of anticipation I eagerly took an extended lunch break yesterday to test out their Pabellon Arepa. Now, I am generally a massive food truck fan (restaurant style food, creative, made to-go), and perhaps I had a bad experience, but this was not an award winning meal in my book.
When I stepped up to the window it took several minutes for them to acknowledge my existence, which is saying something since I was the only one standing there and there were two people in the window. They told me I would have to wait for a bit since the arepas were cooking. I was down for that because hey, "fresh arepas!"
After waiting about 15 minutes I hurriedly rushed back to my office to shovel the hot mix of beef, black beans, plantains, and cotija into my mouth...and was met with a soul crushing disappointment. My Arepa was pale white and a sticky mess of mushy cornmeal. 
I still dug in with a spoon as my bottom patty had morphed and glued itself to the paper wrapping rendering itself a food requiring a knife and fork. The black beans and cotija were the edible parts. The dry beef and almost mashed plantain were hard to swallow.
Color me blue,  this was a sad experience. I had such high hopes for a truck that advertises as a source of deliciousness!Today was apparently their first day at Love Park for lunch.  I walked up to order and was able to place my order immediately.  I left my office 3 blocks away at 1PM to avoid most of the lunchtime crowd.  
Just for fun, I counted the number of people who were waiting for their food from the truck - 24 - not counting myself and coworker.  
We both ordered the arepas with beans and cheese and the plantains and cheese.  The plantains and cheese was the most delicious.  Both could have used a bit more...flavor - I'm not sure exactly what they were missing - but they were still tasty.  At $4 per arepa the prices seemed reasonable.  The bean arepa is very messy though - you wouldn't be able to eat it standing up.
The service was friendly, but maybe they should have one additional staff member working for lunch??  Luckily I didn't get in trouble for going over my half hour lunch today.  I got back to my desk at 1:50PM which was waaaayyy tooooo loooong of a wait.I've been wanting to try out Delicias for weeks now and finally had the time to go today. It was definitely worth the wait! I ordered an arepa with platatnos and chorizo while my friend ordered the chicken mixed with avocado and platanos. Both orders came out quick and were very yummy! For both arepas is only cost $13, which was very reasonable. I am so glad that I found this place! I can't wait to go again!I remember when Delicias had a couple of Asian-looking Venezuelan ladies running the truck and they churned out delicious, albeit slightly pricey for its time, arepas for $6 each with your choice of shredded beef with cheese, chicken and guacamole, bean and cheese, and chorizo. Then a new owner took over the truck and kept the quality more or less the same for $1 more. Now there appears to be a new owner with a menu with no prices. My chorizo, plaintain, guac arepa was $8 which seems to be what the price of any arepa on the menu is, according to other reviews. $8 is considered high-end for a food truck. When you have the guts to charge $8 for a sandwich, it better be hella good because I can spend $8 somewhere else and get hella good stuff. Unfortunately, my arepa was just okay. Maybe I've been spoiled by the arepas the previous two owners made. Maybe I've been spoiled by my recent visit to Sazon. This arepa just isn't worth $8. I could count maybe three little pieces of chorizo in my sandwich, three big chunks of plantain, and lots of guac. The good stuff was sitting on top. The black beans all the way on the bottom. Sadly, once you finish all the good stuff, the black beans were kind of bland and even blah. I think the biggest problem is the arepa itself. It's big and doughy as if it were not cooked all the way through. I think I know why they made it so thick... to hold all the ingredients so it won't fall apart, but that's what the aluminum foil is for! This truck does get points for using lots of cheese, an ungodly amount. The plantains were also very good. The chorizo was very mild, not the spicy chorizo I'm used to. Overall, a bland sandwich that is too pricey for what it is.A friend had tried their Arepa's a few weeks back in Northern Liberties and strongly recommended it....  Being so adamant that I had to try it, I broke away from work today and went to 34th and Market to try for myself...
So much worth the trip, I'm trying to re-schedule my day tomorrow so that I can go back again.
I had the Chorizo and Pico De Gallo.The arepas are very good, no doubt. This is one of the food trucks that gives Philly its well-deserved reputation for outstanding quality of "street food". The people are very nice and it is a pleasure to go here.
But, the arepas are very expensive. As a vegetarian, my options are limited but for $5, cotija cheese and black beans don't quite cut it. For avocados or tomatoes, I would end up paying even more and on a poor student stipend, I can't afford this even though I would very much like to be able to.If you like chorizo, try the choripan, but if you eat ...try an epanada! I had the domino (black beans and cajeta cheese) and it was out of this world. Even after a 10min walk back to my office it was too hot to touch; the shell is deep-fried heaven with salts and spices and the filling was so much more flavorful than 'beans and cheese' might suggest. The choripan consisted of lots of sliced chorizo, caramelized onions, herbs and I don't what else might have been in the sauce or spice mix to make it that good... It may seem unlikely, but the food wasn't terribly heavy; though it's fried, it's not greasy (not that it's a salad, either).
FYI - the empanadas are the size of your hand, so two would be a hearty meal for even a hearty eater. One and a sandwich was waaay to much food, but they were both too good to leave any behind. Also, empanadas take ~7min (posted on the sign, too), so don't go in a rush!Wow! I've had the pabellon platter a few times and each time, they knock it out of the park! 
The pork is perfectly seasoned, tender and DELICIAS. I've never been a fan of plantains but their rendition has changed my entire perspective on them. The beans are a little under seasoned on their own but the cotija adds that extra flavor you need. I personally prefer my rice a little more moist and stickier but that's my preference. 
I've also had an arepa with cheese in it. I didn't like the cheese. There was a tad too much for my liking and it was too sharp for my taste. The arepa, a handmade corn tortilla of sorts, was delicious and perfectly cooked. 
They're at love park on Thursdays... Make sure you go early because they often sell out of various ingredients fairly early.I am a big Arepa fan. I scout near and far for Arepas. 'Nuff said.
I visited them during the Night Market in Fairmount. The scene was a nightmare. Lines of 100+ per food truck. I withstood an hour wait for these arepas (even though I could have caught them any other day at any other venue for a 5-minute wait) and they were amazing! The pabellon was delicious. The size was perfect. The price was perfect. Worth every bite/penny. Cannot believe how they churned out so many for four hours and still had top quality near the end (I got mine during the last 20 minutes). The cheese, meat, platanos, and beans went incredibly well together. 
Been craving these all week since then.i really like the food truck - easy to please carnivore's and vegetarians - and this is the only place that i have had arepas in philly. the service is usually speedy, though i experienced not so speedy service at the philly phair festival (it took 15 mins for a single arepa).  
i give them 4 stars because i think the price is a little steep for what you are getting. the vegetarian arepa with cotija, plantains and black beans is $8! $8! the ones with meat span to $10 which i think is crazy given what it is.  the arepa places i have been to are cheap - and this seems overpriced by $1-$2.Stopped at Love Park on my way home from DE to NY yesterday, and had a #7 from Delicia's. The portions were generous, the taste divine. A savory arepa stuffed with seasoned delicately shredded beef, seasoned black beans, fried sweet plantains, and a sprinkle if cotija cheese provided a symphony of flavors in my mouth, and a mango nectar drink provided the perfect finish. I can't wait to return to Philly to sample the other items on the menu. Delicia's is simply delicious!!!Not a fan at all of the chicken arepa. Did not expect it to be basically a chicken salad. The chorizo was fairly good but impossible to pick up. Also, I don't know if it was because they were at Made In America, but $12 per arepa is not the wave.All hail Delicias! 
I came here at South Street Night Market and waited 45 minutes for my Pabellon arepa. It was well worth it! The corn shell was stuffed with beef, black beans, and plantains. It was topped with a heap of cojitio cheese. I also added some verde sauce for a little heat. After surveying the best method to eat this monster, I grabbed it and dug in! (utensils are for the weak) It was erupting with flavor. I loved the sweet and savory combination, but I would like the meat to have a tad more flavor! 
Overall, I will definitely be frequenting this food truck. Their hours have been sporadic over the summer in University City. Let's hope they stabilize when the semester starts so I can get my arepa fix!I decided to try Delicias after noticing it parked on 40th & Walnut, which I believe is their new second location. I ordered the pabellon - an arepa with shredded beef, plantains, pico de gallo, and cojita cheese. While it made for a filling lunch, it was a bit lacking in flavor, and the only thing I really liked about it were the sweet plantains. I went back a second time just to try something different on the menu, and got an arepa with just plantains and cojita cheese. This one was bland and definitely underwhelming... maybe hot sauce would've helped.
It's reasonably priced for lunch (arepas range from $5-8), and the people there also speak fluent Spanish. They offer loyalty cards too - buy 9, get 1 free. Overall, it's an ok lunch option, but not anything spectacular.Ok, first off, I have to start with something that's got to be said: I have no idea what the hell is up with this place's hours. They are located at prime real estate, a short walk from the heart of Drexel's campus and in the middle of a series of office buildings. Come lunch time, the streets are flooded with people and almost every truck I see does a vigorous trade. I have no idea why they have these wonky hours, as I walk past their vacant truck, throngs of potential customers around me. So you can imagine my surprise when, after months of trying on Mondays, Wednesdays and Thursdays that one fateful Tuesday I would run into them.
First thing I found out was that they weren't doing Level Up that day. I know this is nitpicky, but the promise of it had been enough to make be choose against another option so I really wish they had been consistent with it. 
I got one of the big combination Arepas...and was unimpressed. There's no subtle way to say this: the dish was a mess. In the short time to walk to a place to eat, the corn patty became utterly soaked and started to fall apart. As there were no forks and knifes visible at the truck, I hadn't considered it a problem, so I had to try to pick it apart with my fingers. Individually, components were good. I enjoyed their chorizo and fried plantains, but they had a strawberry sauce which really didn't work with all of the other ingredients. That sauce, along with the guacamole and the black beans, was stone cold, which really messed with your appreciation of each component. It was too cluttered, there was too much trying to happen without direction, and after all the anticipation I feel disappointed. While some of the components were good, I can't say that I'm eager to ever go back.Oh the choices just keep on improving for Philly's lunch crowd in Center City!  I ordered the arepas filled with beans. For an extra dollar I got the plantains, without which I would have been sad sad sad. Get the plantains! They are so sweet and delicious!One Arepa will do the trick.  Between my dining partner and I, we ordered three - and it was plenty - almost really, too much -   Service friendly, food served hot.  Eating them are a messy affair, so get your napkins at the ready.
Selections and contents are pretty good, but the arepas are way too dense and thick for my liking.  Granted, I understand the arepa must be somewhat substantial for the hot mixtures that are spooned in, but the arepa on its own is overly toothsome and too doughy for me to enjoy.
The shredded beef, cotija cheese, black bean and plantain is one pick destined to fill you up, but be sure not to miss the chorizo and their flavorful Pico de Gallo.They were parked in Love park today so I got to their chicken arepa for lunch.  It was absolutely delicious!  I hope to see them in Center City again soon.I have only visited their food truck, but man is it good! I always get the Orinoco without cheese. I have seen the truck at various festivals but when they do these venues they tend to increase the price. When I visit them in Love Park it is a lot more affordable. Very vegan/vegetarian friendly. It is an ok sized portion but for the price it is a tad expensive. I never got very full from one arepa.I'll return to try more arepas from this truck, I'm serious. I wouldn't joke about this sort of thing. Arepas jokes are never funny. Ever so slightly crispy on the outside, while steaming hot, soft and fluffy on the inside, Delicias' arepas stuffed with plantains and cojita cheese are a great little snack. I especially enjoyed the griddled corn patty's sweet maduro, salty, crumbly cheese combination with some shakes of hot sauce. I keep thinking of this particular arepa as a perfect Venezuelan superior-style hot pocket. I want it for breakfast.Went here for the 2015 Manayunk StrEAT festival and was disappointed. The Arepas are overpriced, very difficult to eat, and have very little flavor. I threw my chicken away without even finishing, and my husband was not at all satisfied with his chorizo. Would not eat from here again.One of my favorite food trucks on campus. I love most things with maduros in them and my faves here are the Chorizo/cotija/maduros/guac and the beef/maduros/pico . So good, pretty cheap and the people are friendly! Definitely unique compared to most of the food trucks on campus.The Pabellón arepa--filled with shredded beef, black beans, plaintains, and cotija cheese--was deliciously satisfying. For a richer flavor profile, I would recommend adding a healthy dose of hot sauce (which Delicias provides) and a bit of cilantro (which it doesn't).My friend turned me on to Delicias lunch truck - and what a find! Try the arena pepiado (shredded chix with avocado) or the platanos (fried plantains/ like bananas only better with shredded cheese). My only complaint is their very unusual business hrs, I never know where they are when, and how to get my Arepas fix.Saw this place on yelp a few days ago. Decided to go today on my lunch break. I had the chorizo and sweet plantain arepa. 1st of all, let me tell you, the sweet plantains were AWESOME! If I could just have a huge plate of those I'd be in heaven. To be honest I've never even heard of an arepa but this yelp page made me want to try and seeing as it's close to work I just had to try it. I'm not one for big portions but honestly I felt that $8 was a bit steep for a little (extremely) messy arepa. With that being said, I would definitely go and eat there again and try almost everything on they menu. Every single component starting from the chorizo to the black beans and the arepa itself, everything was seasoned and prepared so differently. Is it a cheap eat? No. But, it's a refreshing change to the usual lunch truck fare.Only issue with this is that it's a little messy to eat but who cares.  The food was delicious, I had the pabellon arepa which was stuffed with shredded beef, cheese, beans and sweet plantains.  So many great flavors in this despite looking so simple.  I was really happy with the portion size, didn't feel like I sometimes do with trucks like these where I could eat 3 more.  Ratios of ingredients were really good too.  I'm just glad I finally got a chance to try them out while they were in Love Park and get there before the big crowds started.While wondering around the food carts looking for something good to eat in University City, I saw a new truck that was so plainly decorated I almost passed it by. Thankfully the picture of the arepa drew me in. I found out that Delicias is now in its second week of operation (besides a test run for a few days in early December). The ladies behind Delicias are from Venezuela. The menu has 3 things: variations of arepas (sliced griddled corn patties with fillings inside) and fried empanadas (filled turnovers) as well as choripan (sausage in a sandwich). 
Pabellon, a mixture of shredded beef, plantains, rice and black beans, is Venezuala's national dish and what we chose to fill our arepa. Delicias stuffs their arepa with this mixture and tops it with cotija cheese. The plantains were soft and sweet which is a lovely contrast to the cheese and slow cooked tomato infused beef. This is certainly a cold weather appropriate dish. It is served wrapped in foil inside a Styrofoam container, but it is really messy to eat, making it kind of a take back to your office and sit at a table kind of meal.  It cost $5.50 and is hearty enough to make a lunch. Arepas are gluten free and Delicias also offers vegan fillings, so you can please a lot of people here even with the small menu.1. Filling
2. Flavorful
3. Arepas with great texture
Consumed: 
Chorizo
The chorizo I had was about half the size of a normal chipotle burrito. When I first looked at it, I thought that I wouldn't get full off of it. However, it was surprisingly very filling. It was probably the arepa that did it. It's fairly dense. I would say the arepa was my favorite part of the chorizo. It has a crispy outside with a crumbly inside, giving it a very interesting texture. The sausage itself I thought was a little too salty for my liking. However, I really liked the salsa they added. It had a nice, gentle spicy kick. 
However, I was disappointed that they no longer use level up. I was looking forward to my $2 discount. In addition, when I asked about their loyal card, they said they weren't giving them out today.Ho-ly crap.
I had never eaten an arepa before and Delicias has set the bar pretty high.  I had the Combinada, which is black beans, plantains, and cotija cheese.  This arepa contained the best plantains I've ever had and was jam-packed with flavor for such simple ingredients.  My friend had the chorizo which was also crazily good.  The size is perfect - enough to fill you but not so much that you feel like you need a nap afterwards.  Because of this, and the freshness of the ingredients and preparation, you actually feel like you're eating something semi-healthy from a food truck.  To top it off, it'll only set you back 5 to 8 bucks.  I will definitely go back and tell everyone of this awesomeness.
The only cons?  There was a long-ish wait since it was lunch hour on a nice, sunny day, and eating the arepa can be a bit messy.  Let's just say I got cheese on my paperwork and left a bunch of beans on the sidewalk. There are going to be some gassy birds and squirrels in University City tonight.I used to LOVE Delicias every time I found them at the Night Market food truck festivals they were my go to. Then I started hitting their restaurant up which I am still sad shut down because it was a good go-to group BYO spot. But I had this last night at the Oval and after reading the reviews I agree some things have gone down hill. The service is slow and unorganized even tho there are three people working in the truck, a lot of things were sold out, prices have gone up (note I think at festivals and special appearances they put a piece of tape over the normal price uping it to about $8 an arepa) and the size of the arepa has gone down. My go to is a the chicken and guac arepa. It was good last night, but not as much gauc as usual. I have such high hopes this place will take these reviews as constructive criticism because they can be GREAT just a few tweeks needed.
Their arepas are still delicious and a must try!Excellent prices, friendly service, and great food!
The arepas are fantastic. The texture and composition is just right, and the fillings are delicious! The choripan is definitely my favorite and came heavily recommended by the crew. Will definitely be back for more! Thank you!I had the black bean, chorizo, plantain arepa.  Most amazing thing ever!!Fair warning: I'm a Latina, so the food I've been used to eating at home totally makes this review biased, because no one is ever going to compete with that!
Had been excited to try this truck for a while, and finally had a chance to do so today. I can't say I fell in love, but I wasn't disappointed either. I had the pabellon platter, which was rice topped with shredded beef, black beans with cotija cheese, and sweet plantains. I thought the beef would have been better if it was not so dry, and that overall everything needed just a little more... flavor. I was hoping that it would really pop, but ultimately it was just ok. I will definitely go back and try the arepas and empanadas though, and update if  I find them to be better. I will say that by food truck standards they're a little more pricey than what I'm used to, but they do have a pretty unique place in the food truck market that allows them to be that way.This is my first time writing a review.  I've never been motivated . . . until NOW!  I tried this vendor's food for the first time at Philly's WaWa Welcomes America/Taste of Philadelphia even during Independence Day festivities.  It Was AMAZING!!!!  I am a TOUGH critique of Latin food, being born and raised in West Texas.  Tex-Mex is my FAVORITE cuisine and I've found nothing in Philadelphia worthwhile of repeating.  However, I ordered an arepa made of black beans, plantains, and cotija cheese.  It darn near changed my life.  I'm trying to figure out if they can cater my 31st b'day party.  I know I only ate from here once but if subsequent visits are comparable, this will be a fan-favorite for me!Delicious, different type of lunch.  Perfect amount of food.  I've tried both the avocado chicken and the chorizo with homemade pico de gallo.  They were both amazing.  I wasn't sure about giving this one a try because I had no clue what an arepa was... but now I know and I'll be back many times.  Try it.This was great. Big delicious arepa and side of beans for $9? Awesome.If you're looking for food truck eats, but are craving something other than hoagies, cheesesteaks, burgers, and cupcakes, be sure to check out Delicias Food Truck. Owned by Lynette Gueits, Delicias serves up delicious Latin food, namely arepas, which are flat, round unleavened patties of maize or flour filled with all sorts of goodies. Think of it as a Latin sandwich.
A gorgeously decorated food truck, the smells that emanate from Delicias are simply arresting. In fact, after I purchased my goodies, I almost couldn't wait to take it back home. But then the equally arresting smells of another nature from Love Park prevented me from lingering (hint: they weren't the Delicias kind).
I was hoping for some of Delicias' empanadas, but on this particular day, it was simply arepas or a rice platter. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing. Delicas' arepas are made of maize (corn), and maintain a crispy outer texture with the grit of corn, but a contrasting chewy interior.
Pelua ($6)
Stewed shredded beef, cotija cheese 
You really can't go wrong with juicy, tender pork and cheese. This was quite coma-inducing for something that looked small! The slightly salty cotija complemented the savory pork really well. This will keep you satiated for sure! But of course, I couldn't stop there ...
Chorizo y Pico ($6)
Sliced spicy pork sausage, homemade pico de gallo
As soon as I saw a chorizo option, I knew I had to check it out. Be prepared, this may result in a small pool of chorizo grease. The sausage itself is juicy with a subtle heat on the finish. There are plenty of chorizo slices, with the fresh pico de gallo brightening up the arepa really well. 
An added bonus? Delicias takes Level Up! Sign up with this link and you'll get a $5 credit on top of the $2 credit you get for your first time at Delicias! Love Park offers a great array of food trucks during the weekday lunch hour, and Delicias is a good one to have on your roster. Offering unique flavors that are filling and well priced, there are no complaints from the belly of this pig.Meh.  
I want to like Delicias.  I really, really do.  But they make it so difficult!!  The arepa's are really messy and the ratio of ingredients is a little off putting.  They LOAD on the beans -- if you like black beans falling all over you as you try to nom, then you will love this place.  If you don't, then walk on to the next food truck. The arepa itself (the corn cakey/torilla-y type bun) isn't as good as I've had elsewhere. 
Also, the service is kind of slow.  I appreciate that the arepas are assembled to order, but the ingredients are prepared ahead of time so I'm not sure what the delay is all about.Waited in line for over 15 minutes to try my first arepa from this truck at the Manayunk StrEAT Festival ... and it was worth the wait! I had the chorizo & pico de gallo arepa and it was delicious! Everything here is gluten free, and they also have a vegetarian option. It was messy to eat, but definitely tasty!Before I begin, I have literally no idea when the truck is usually open. I live in the area but the times I've walked by (random weekdays, weekends at different times), it always seems to be closed...as such, I'm left waiting for a twitter update to coincidentally work out with my life schedule. (Please post your normal hours on yelp, twitter, your website, something!) Luckily, it finally worked out last week.
I had an arepa with pico de gallo (I tried to have sweet plaintains and chorizo but both were sold out by 1:20 pm on Friday) which was actually pretty good. My friend also really enjoyed his food, and overall the price was reasonable for a filling meal ($6). To be honest, I'm normally not the biggest fan of Latin food, but I will probably be back when I can!I can't remember what it's called, but I tried the chorizo with the black beans, plantains, and cottage cheese. This time, the chorizo was a little overcooked. However, I thought it was very dense and had very balanced flavors, moreso than the chorizo and pico de gallo. I had come with a large group of people visiting Philly, and when we arrived, the truck was more swamped than I had ever seen it, so I understand that they were little overwhelmed, hence the overcooked chorizo. I do believe that when under less pressure, this arepa would probably outdo the rest. After our meal, my group of Philly newcomers was stuffed and satisfied.I was once a huge fan of Delicia's food truck, but no more. I have been getting the Arepas from here for about 2 years at 16th and JFK and always enjoyed them. On my most recent visit, I was shocked to see the massive price increase. An arepa that I last payed $8 for was now $12. What?! I can understand the occasional price increase, but 50%?
Upon opening my arepa I was also dismayed to find that it had changed for the worse. It consisted of the corn arepa and was filled with only pico de gallo and chorizo sausage. That's it. Gone were the cotija cheese, black beans, and plantains. I was left with a favorite that was a shade of its former self. 
I wondered why the line was so short at lunch time on such a beautiful day. Now I know. Sorry Delicia, but that was the first and last $12 arepa that I buy.Today I noticed the Delicias food truck in Love Park and decided to try them.  I started out with a chicken arepa.  After a wait of a few minutes -- which seemed longer because of the hot sun beating down from the skies -- I had in hand a warm, grilled, corn-flour pocket, slightly crisped on the outside and stuffed with chicken salad and avocado on the inside.  Well, to be honest, the filling could have used some spice and veggies, so I'll probably try a different combination next time.  But considering that despite the chicken salad being too mayonnaise-heavy, the arepa was still enjoyable so I figure a different filling might hit the spot better.  I plan to be back (and try another item).
The service is friendly and the prices are reasonable.First and foremost, the food and flavor was delish!  It certainly lived up the other reviews that were posted.  The chorizo was nice and crispy on the outside with a hint of spiciness, which actually made it still enjoyable and not overwhelming.  The pico de gallo was fresh and nicely seasoned.  Plaintins - YUM!  And who doesn't love black beans with cotija cheese sprinkled on for good measure.
The ONLY reason why I'm giving this 4 stars and not 5 is because both myself and my colleague ordered the Chorizo platter, thinking that we were merely adding on rice, beans and plaintains to our Chorizo arepa for $2 more (which we thought was a great deal), BUT when we finally sat down to eat, there weren't any arepas.  I was super excited to taste the arepa and was sadly disappointed to find out that we weren't adding onto our meal, but rather substituting items entirely.  I'm not sure if we were the only unsuspecting people who thought this or if this is a common misconception, but I think they need to either reword the platter (stating that no deliscious arepas will be served) or figure out how to include the arepa with the platter and charge maybe an extra $1 (which I easily would've paid).    
I definitely plan on returning and know now to not order a platter if I want to try the arepa.Wow. I had never heard of arrepas before I visited this truck at Love Park. The corn patties are delicious, much more moist than corn tortillas, and the stuff inside the arrepa is soooo good. I am currently working on an arrepa filled with chorizo, guacamole, black beans, platano, cheese, and pico de gallo. It's like a whole Latin platter on a sandwich.Love Park gives plenty of opportunities to try some unique food trucks during the week. And thanks to that I had my chance to stumble upon Delicias and savor the pure amazement that is Arepas for the first time!
Delicias' menu does tout a plethora of Empanadas, a spicy chorizo sandwich, a Pabellon platter with shredded beef and plantains atop a bed of rice, weekly specials, and a mass amount of veggie friendly options. But the highlight of their offerings are definitely the Arepas which sandwich plenty of fresh ingredients in between 2 corn flour cakes. And while a pricetag of $3-6 a pop may first give off the illusion that they're tiny (I mad that false assumption) one alone rounds off to being the perfect lunch fix for the day. The black beans and cotija cheese inside tha Domino was quite refreshing, and the chorizo and pico de gallo salsa option easily added up to the highlight of my afternoon. But with chicken & avocado, plantains & cotija cheese, chorizo egg & cheese, and then some; it takes an endless while to exhaust your options.The arepa is an artform. Blending the perfect amount of cornmeal taste with fluffiness and just enough delicacy to be soft(without falling apart) takes time and effort. The natural environment of this elusive beast is from a four-wheeled cart of some sort.
I've had two opportunities to sample Philly Delicias and I was satisfied both times. The chicken arepa is fine and they will make it very spicy if you emphasize that you want it that way. Their house special(I think it was called the "pabellon") contains shredded beef, plaintains, and some other goodies. I liked it. The addition of plantains added some sweetness to an otherwise savory lunch.
One arepa will fill you up. Also, they accept levelup which is great.I've been walking past this truck for awhile and wanted to try it for the longest.  Finally my coworker and I had the chance to stop by.
Boy oh boy, such a disappointment.  I ordered the Pabellon arepa (shredded beef, plantains, black beans, cotija cheese).  The arepa itself had absolutely no flavor..  At first I took bites like a sandwich and it was okay.  Different ingredients but nothing jumped out.  Eventually, I couldn't eat the arepa anymore; it was so plain and doughy.  Then I just picked at the filling.  The shredded beef was really dry and chewy.  I did enjoy the sweet plantain instead though.  I think that had the most flavor.  The hot sauce was really really spicy (more like chili sauce than like Frank's hot sauce).
Perhaps the chorizo has more flavor...