Love this place! Great food from the apps to the dogs from all around the world, to the great sides. Plus, they've got an amazing happy hour. Highly recommend.Really cool unique spot. Amazing gourmet dogs, nice bar, solid draft list, a pool table and baggo/corn hole for entertainment. Hope this place does well.Destination Dogs is actually a destination. Having only read (stalked) the menu previously, I was a little taken back to see what a formal establishment it was. There was a host, a formally dressed server to go with the table service and candlelight. And here I thought I was just going to a hotdog shop with a bar. 
Having a gator obsession, I had to go with the Andouille Armstrong, which was a combined gator-shrimp hotdog with cabbage, tomatoes, jalapeno remoulade, scallions and a lemon wedge on top. My husband went with the Hebrew Hammer, which included a beef hotdog topped with potato latkes, onion and mustard. 
After placing our order, it took a really long time for our food to come out. During that time, we second guessed the portion size and if we needed a side or appetizer. We also contemplated a beer, although we really weren't there to drink that night. These are gourmet dogs, but is the wait warranted? Apparently, not. Without a single complaint and complete patience on our part, our server took 50% off our check at the end of the meal and told us this wasn't the normal timetable. Phew, that's a relief. 
So our food came and our side second guessing was laid to rest. This was not your tiny wiener from a hotdog stand. We had before us sausage sandwiches. I'm in the camp that the insides make the meal, but that luscious, toasty roll made a great thing even better.  Bonus points for each dog coming with a small side of chips. 
The gator was no NOLA gator, but still really tasty nonetheless.  Between a hearty dog, a stellar roll and fun toppings, the Andouille Armstrong was a wiener...I mean winner. 
I'm so intrigued by so many of the fun hotdog combinations and meats (kangaroo, I'm looking at you, mate!) Their beer list had a few brews that caught my eye to warrant an elongated visit. 
As their name eludes, this chain knows what it takes to be a destination hotdog spot that can be fun, intriguing and a place you'd want to hang around for longer than it would normally take it eat a hotdog.Dogs are a novelty in many places, but at Destination Dog they get quite serious. I've never seen or eaten such a well orchestrated hot dog that is so uniquely and elegantly thought out. I ate the Charles Dog Gaulle from the international side of the menu and it was great. While I would still recommend they somehow have a basic cheeseburger available in case you are with a friend that doesn't dine in dogs, I think this bar is fun and good eating. My next attempt is a python dog (yes that is correct).Good stuff.  Disclaimer:  I don't really eat meat, so some of the more interesting creations are lost on me.  I've had the veg-dog and the python thing without the python -- both delicious.  Not sure if i'm just special, but it was impossible to eat the veg-dog without looking like a child and getting sauce and samosa-potatoes all over my hands and stuff.  I think the bun was too big and the whole dawg was a little unwieldy.  I ate it all, though, and was very full.  The boys both got two dogs, which seemed a little crazy to me.  The Paul Bunyan smelled like delicious breakfast.
Decent draft selection (though we had to ask, and the waiter had to show us on his serving tablet, which was a little awkward) and friendly service.  Probably 4.5 stars but not perfect because of too many meaty selections.Stumbled upon this gem of a place while visiting Philly for the day. What a interesting concept! The menu consists of many interesting "hot dog" choices each associated with an airport 3 letter code and inspired by the destination from domestic to international, prices ranging from around $8-$14. But don't let the pricetag scare you because they are more than substantial dogs.  
I tried the following:
Howlamo: Wild boar sausage w/ pork belly, chicharrones, baconaisse, scallions. Highly recommend. my only concern was that after a few bites it was quite heavy and salty, could be improved with some kind of acidic/sweet sauce.  Super filling.
Kansas city beefs: Pork sausage w/ pulled BBQ beef short ribs, coleslaw. Great choice of sweet BBQ with the savory sausage. 
All sausages made in house and bread baked on premises. The bread was a real highlight, double toasted and did a great job containing the ingredients inside.Interesting concept "hotdogs" w differences toppings. It was not bad. I got the Israel - The beef hotdog was nothing special but the latkes were good. I forgot what my friend ordered. Also a beef hotdog 2 grilled onions topping which was okay. I just thought if the concept of the restaurant is around hotdog - the main star should shine more instead of the toppings. The loc is superb, we picked there bc we were catching a show over the Forrest theatreWalked here after visiting the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall. It was on our way to where we parked. When we entered we saw the bar but also a dine in area. We were seated and only waited briefly for our server. 
My son and I chose one of the items off the menu. My daughters created their own dog. My son had the Scarlet  Bite and enjoyed it. I had the Rocky Balboara, it was delicious. He was able to finish his, I however was unable to finish mine. I did take it home to finish later.
While I did not see a specific children's menu, due to the food choices, my children liked the food. Other children would like it as well. One of the tvs in the bar was on a kid friendly, cartoon channel and while they may not be able to hear it they would be able to enjoy it. My son and one of my daughters would periodically glance at the screen.
The atmosphere was inviting. The food delicious. The service was phenomenal. I see us visiting again.Been to both locations, and they both rock!!!
Food is dynamite, drinks are awesome and the service is world class!!!I was fortunate enough to attend the Yelp Elite Event as my husbands +1! I started off  the evening with the peach pit cocktail made with a quite  delicious homemade peach tea vodka. We were then served an array of appetizers...Bavarian pretzels, wings, scotch eggs and the must have patatas ridiculas which lives up to its name! After this a platter of their famous dogs arrived to share. The conquistadog (chorizo) , bun mi (Cantonese sausage), the rocky-bal-Boara (wild boar) and the one-bite-in Bangkok (Python) were fully enjoyed by our adventurous yelpers. Being somewhat unadventurous I tried the Hebrew hammer, the scarlet bite and the cyclone. They were all made with all beef hot dogs and each one was delicious. Then came dessert. The Mississippi mud pie and bread pudding were the perfect ending to our meal. Thanks Robin for inviting us to this wonderful eventI have to say, this is one of my favorite places to eat. The food, atmosphere, and workers, make this place warm, inviting, and delicious! They serve a litany of different types of gourmet hot dogs with a wide  range of toppings. There dogs range from beef dogs to Alligator dogs, all of which, can come custom made, or you can choose from a  chef   inspired preconfigured combination. Every Dog I've had from here has been great! Even there other non hot dog offerings are really good to eat. The workers are all friendly, and engaging. They quickly and effectively guide you though the ordering process. I think they have one of the most knowledgeable bartending staff, who are not only friendly and fun, but the also enjoy telling you how your drink was made and the history of the drink. They even do a great job of recommending  great drinks based on drinks you like ( I sometimes find that bartenders in other establishments have a hard time accomplishing that task). I truly enjoy myself every time I go!5 Stars.
Yes, Destination Dogs is getting 5 stars. Not because it's the best 'food' I have ever eated, but because they're the best weiners I have ever eaten. For being a hotdog place, DD deserves 5 stars. 
My favorite: The Mighty Duck. Some may say because the movies is one of my favorite past times, but no, this weiner is seriously juicy. Like, crazy juicy. It's incredible. If I really had to nitpick, I'd say that the scallions are a bit 'stringy' - but I won't be 'that guy.' It's just good. 
The Truffle Fries. Ok, they use truffle oil, and I typically HATE truffle oil, but these things are kind of good! 
Scotch Egg. Yes. Yes. And Yes. One of the best I have had and the mustard sauce is killer.
I have also had a few other dogs, and they were all juicy with a nice snap. Just get what you're in the mood for and you probably won't be disappointed!
P.S. Sorry for using 'weiner' so much - it's my inner child coming out.I am so glad these guys opened up another new location! The food here is expertly prepared, fresh, and TO DIE FOR. The service is friendly. The atmosphere here is a little more sophisticated than the one in New Brunswick. It has a ton of fun games to play if you are waiting for a table. I definitely recommend going here!Cool spot for a custom and unique dog.
20+ menu item dogs themed around cities and "destinations" around the world. For the adventurous kind they have hotdogs made of meat from steak to snake and everything in between. Every dog is 100% customizable and can be made on a vegetarian dog base.  
The staff was friendly, informative and patient with our indecisiveness even at 1am (open till 2).
We ended up being cautious and ordered the Chicago dog to compare with a recent trip to the Windy City. Our second option of the taco dog was not our best choice. Flavors of salsa, onion and cilantro were masked with copious amount of liquid cheese, more like a nacho and a mess to eat!
The dog itself is quality meat although the oversized generic bun was lackluster. Toppings were generous and overall a cool experience. It's likely a one time stop for us but I'd Recommend for hot dog lovers and late night bites.Last night was our first time here.  I had heard of this place on the tv or radio or something and thought it sounded interesting.  My wife and I split a scotch egg for an app and split five different dogs. The bar also has interesting artisan cocktails, and miller lite.  The quality of the food was awesome, these dogs are homemade, and they are served on house made buns. The interior is brand new and modern with an upscale feeling. Our server was attentive and  knowledgeable.  We will definitely be back with friends!Service wasn't bad just a little off. But the Rocky I ate was phenomenal.
Truffle fries were amazing and the crab artichoke dip was perfectThe food was great, but I'm leaving a review because of how impressed I was with the service. We ordered from GrubHub and the delivery was terrible (on GrubHub's part) but someone at Destination Dogs (Sean, I believe), remade our food for us for free after the driver arrived 2 hours later because it had been sitting there for so long. Thank you!This is definitely a great place to go for hotdogs! Previously I would have to compromise for shake shack if I wanted hotdogs. But now destination dogs is opened, I am definitely going back when I want hotdogs. Great service and a variety of selections for dogs!While I do feel bad about eating a kangaroo and alligator, I can't lie; they were delicious! I highly recommend the kangaroo hot dog! Gamey, kinda like buffalo. The alligator and shrimp dog tasted like chicken, not gonna lie. 
My friend and I went around 2 pm on a Wednesday. There were plenty of seats and almost no one there. Perfect for lunch!
The staff was very friendly and not overbearing at all!
5/5!Such a cool place! The menu is super creative and based around airports, and the food was delicious. I recommend the Boston Red Hots dog! It has baked beans, coleslaw and scallions... My brother opted for the snake  sausage! That was delicious as well. 
Staff was really nice too.This place is pretty awesome, for a number of reasons.
1).  Beer selection: Widely varied, hitting all the major styles.
2).  Location: At 11th and Walnut, it's a bit off the beaten track for the Center City bar scene, while still being close enough to hop around if you want.  Also, it doesn't really stand out from the sidewalk; these attributes combine to make it less bustling and cramped than other places in Center City.
3).  Food: This is where Destination Dogs really shines.  Obviously, the hot dogs--which are actually high-quality housemade sausages--are all delicious, and the "airport" theme plays really well.  Plus, where the hell else are you going to have a duck, python, alligator, or kangaroo sausage?!  The appetizers are incredible, too--I particularly recommend the patatas ridiculas, which is exactly what it sounds like: ridiculous potatoes.  So good.
The only reason Destination Dogs doesn't land a 5-star rating for me is the price; it's definitely priced as a Center City restaurant--in Yelp parlance, toward the high side of two $'s.  Two people getting a dog each, sharing an app, and getting one or two drinks can quickly run up quite a bill.  That said, it's totally worth it.Was there on a Sunday night.  Place was fairly empty.  In terms of staff being friendly, this place needs help.  I sat at the bar and didn't get much attention at all.  Pretty sure I didn't have a scowl on my face.  I got the ORD dog(Chicago Dog) which was great.  The salad was also great.  The fried potato chips could have just been left off of the plate.  They tasted horrible.  I think that oil needs to be changed every so often.  I don't even think anyone asked me how my food was.  So at that point, I just asked for my check.
I might try this place one more time.  I liked the concept of the place.  Staff needs to step up their game to make people feel welcome.Went to Destination Dogs Walnut Street for lunch after my friend cancelled on me. I really wanted to try it anyway. Nice room, high ceilings, lots of space. The bar is fairly good size with about 15 seats and there are also tables in the bar area to sit and have a meal without being at the bar. Dining room to the right has a good number of tables but not huge like a typical chain. Game room in the back past the bar if you want to play pool or hockey or some other such game.
Waited on by the bartender Anna. Order a glass of Malbec (9.50) to start then took some time to peruse the menu. The appetizer section is called "Carry-ons". There are options like deviled eggs, scotch egg, wings, pretzels, sausages, and crab and artichoke dip to choose from. I chose the dip ($9.00) and when it was brought to me I realized it was enough for two people. I wish that Anna had told me that because I might have chosen a smaller first course. I soldiered on though , getting through most of the dip which is thick and rich with cream cheese as well as a nutty, creamy, slightly sweet fontina cheese and fresh crabmeat. wasn't as chunky as I had expected. Definitely a smoother consistency but the taste was great. One small hiccup in the service. At DD, the kitchen doesn't course the orders, as in first course, second course,etc. The food gets made when it is ordered so my entree came out when I wasn't even halfway through the appetizer. The sandwich sat in front of me while I moved the dip to the side and had to eat them simultaneously. I would have preferred some time in between courses to clear my palate and enjoy the Malbec. A minor flaw that perhaps can be rectified in the future when the place gets busier.
The entrees are separated into the categories of "Domestic Dogs" from places like New York, Maui, Florida, Minnesota, and New Mexico, and "International Dogs" from Germany, Australia, Chile, Thailand, Greece, and France among other places. All have their own unique toppings with ingredients from their particular regions. Like the German one has bratwurst with sauerkraut, France has duck sausage with duck confit, and the Los Angeles has chicken sausage with avocado. They all have fun names like "Miami Hound Machine" and Charles Dog Gaulle. I chose the Paul Bunyan ($7.50) from Minnesota- Breakfast sausage w/ fried potatoes, bacon, maple syrup, topped w/ a fried egg! It was excellent! Like eating breakfast and lunch at the same time. You can also create your own order-"Pilot your own dog" as the menu says, choosing from all beef ($3.50), pork sausage ($6.00), duck sausage ($8.00), and spanish chorizo ($6.00), among others, and then pick what toppings you want with your dog. Many of the toppings come with the meal but there is a charge for things like cheese, avocado, and bacon. Also available are side dishes such as truffle fries ($5.00), potato latkes with sour cream ($4.00), and chili fries, among others.
All in all I enjoyed my first venture to Destination Dogs.My lunch was about $35.00 with two courses and two glasses of wine.This location has only been open six months so it is still evolving. Hopefully they will get the food coursing system in place to avoid people feeling rushed to eat and leave and the service will need to be helpful as far as menu information. These are minor details that can easily be remedied. I will definitely be back in the future.I returned here recently and ended up getting food and beer. It is a really cool space, very modern with a nice big bar and spacious place to grab a table if that's yo thang. We weren't even planning on getting food there, but the dogs looked so banging and affordable we had to give it a go. Also, TRUFFLE FRIESSSSSSSS. So good. I think probably the best truffle fries either of us had ever tried. Plus everything is MTO which is great bc the gourmet dogs all come with a lot of things on them so they're cool if you want it without this or that. And theyre on like fancy bread bun things that are stronk enough to hold all the good-good on the dog. Also the (i think assistant manager) Chris was great at interacting with his customers and made fans outta us for sure.The hot dog, an all American favorite (especially when deep fried!). 
Stopped in for a bite during our Gay Pride people watching outing. I got The Chicago Bull, which is an all beef dog with onions, tomato, pickle, green relish, hot peppers, yellow mustard with a Left Hand Peach Beerini Ratler. Hit the spot! Love the roll/split thick piece of white bread vessel it came in/on. My friend got The Oscar with some veggie dog... she said that it was good, but the "sausage" tasted like "deep fried mush" - IDK. 
Anyway, we also split truffle fries and enjoyed the sites.This is a nice place! I would definitely go here to shoot pool and play corn hole indoors.Haven't tried the food yet, but my friends and I came here for drinks the night before Thanksgiving. We loved cornhole and the pool table in the back. The beer list was decent. The only thing I'd say is this place is almost too big. The night we were there was pretty dead, and the waiters looked bored. Perhaps it was just because of the holiday. 
But I like the vibe of this place and will definitely be back.Destination dogs is a cleverly themed hot dog restaurant that serves regionally flavored hot dogs that give you a taste of the world! Hot dogs are somewhat expensive for their size but I guess you're paying for the experience. I would say 2 hotdogs would leave you full. Out of the five hotdogs for our party of two, the LA dog and Greek dog were my favorites. The only one I didn't care for was the German one. The hot dogs were served with chips. Everything was presented beautifully and service was good as well. This would be a great place to hang with friends or go on a casual date. A great feature is that they have a cornhole toss, foosball table, and arcade games to play while you wait! All in all 5/5 and I look forward to coming here again!Great food have fun choosing so many too chose from just order and never look back lol. Friendly staff manager was super nice. Arcade in the back nothing crazy simple machines. Overall I love placeAnother new place that opened and this place is almost perfect.  My wife and I met some friends and we were seated on a Wednesday night.  The waiter was friendly, but the bar service seemed a bit slow.  We couldn't quite decide on what to have, so my wife and I informed the waiter that we wanted to split three dogs.  We got a Python, and Alligator and Shrimp, and Duck sausage.  Our friends food arrived a few minutes before ours and I thought it was weird the entire tables food didn't come out together.  
Our three dogs were on one plate and they were all perfectly cut in half.  We received one portion of chips though, even though each sausage comes with one portion.  Also, a bit weird. but maybe we didn't need the chips with all of the food we were going to consume.  
I ate the Alligator and shrimp sausage first and that was a mistake with the jalapeno remoulade on it...  It was a nice hit of spice, but the spice flavor lingered in my mouth for a bit.  I tried Python next and it was good, but not special, other than the ability to brag I ate python.   The mighty duck sausage with duck confit, chicharrones, and sesame seeds was the perfect ending to my meal.  We'll be back and am looking forward to their other creations.I watched Seth Rogen's "Sausage party" a few days ago. It was a terrible movie, but it left me craving hot dogs. Luckily, Destination dogs popped up in place of the former Farmer's cabinet near 11th and Walnut a few months ago, and we had to give it a try! The restaurant is welcoming and relaxing, with a travel theme. Apparently, the variations on travel are inspired by the owner's travels across the world. I had the Colombian and Israeli hot dogs, and thought that they were creative and tasty! A unique take on a dish we don't usually see served in such a upscale atmosphere.Very nice place to stop by if you like hot dogs. Great prices with a variety of artisan dogs-- selected combos or build your own. The restaurant is very big and even has a game room in the back. Service was very good. I would have given it 5 stars if the food came out warmer.The kind of hotdogs that make you wonder why no one ever loved you enough to feed you so well.
You want a python dog, alligator & shrimp dog, kangaroo?! And i suppose you want it made on site and housed soundly in a fresh baked bun?
Done, go now or the next chance you've done anything of merit, order a Yards IPA and ruin every other hotdog you may try to eat for the rest of your life.
Seriously one of the best meals in Philly... 
I gotta say, just finished a road trip to Nebraska that featured only specialty hotdog joints and single source coffee roasters and i was surprised to discover that Destination Dogs never left my #1 spot.
Damn good!Wow this place is amazing. I'm back home for my moms surgery in downtown Philly and i found this amazing place. Full bar, and two columns of hot dogs/sausages from around the US and other countries. It is insane the diff flavor options. They even have scotch eggs which i love! The service is fast and friendly and the food is amazing. I am so happy i stumbled upon this place. If you are in Philly, check out this trendy gem! They are open from noon to 2am so it doesn't matter what time you are hungry for something that can be so simple made with so many extras it's insane. This place has every add on you can think of for a dog (sausage, boar, python sausage, alligator and shrimp sausage) the options are endless. It's defiantly a must try. They even have vegan options. Simply amazing.I love hotdogs so I had to check this place out on my last trip to Philly. A glass of wine with my hotdog? Yes please! The whole concept is great and I had the Hawaii and Argentina hotdogs and deviled eggs. Have to find something like that in Nyc.Really good hot dogs!!! I got the Chicago Bull and enjoyed it a lot. Nice ambiance and excellent service. Would definitely eat there again if I'm ever back in Philly.Super fun! Great interesting menu of food an drinks that are reasonably priced. Hidden fact is that they have a game room in the main area with darts, pool and buck hunter. Had a scotch egg and a hotdog with pineapple. very good.Can't say enough good things about DD. I frequent the location by me in New Jersey but wanted to try the new Philly location while I was in town. Different vibe from the New Brunswick location, but all the quality.
First off, realize that you are not getting a "hot dog" when you eat here. You can get creative and gourmet style sausages and dogs as well as many other options. I had a sausage sampler of kangaroo,  python, and gator, and they were all delicious. Capped the meal off with a Louisiana gator sausage dog.
These guys know what they're doing and it's high quality dining across the board. Check them out.Food is delicious!! Try their hot dog the sausage is homemade. price are good and the service is amazing. No hesitation go there !!This place was delicious! I got the "Swede-Dream" which was a bratwurst with mashed potatoes, gravy, and lingonberry jam. SO GOOD. The bun was especially tasty as well -- freshly baked Texas toast-like bread that tasted delicious and held everything in so nicely. The homemade kettle chips were a nice touch as well! My hubby and I will definitely be coming back here again!I was really impressed by destination dogs. I live in the area so I walk by this place everyday and I was curious to try. It didn't disappoint me. It is very clean, modern, service is excellent and the hot dog. The Hot dog was simply amazing, I got the los angeles with avocado slices, tomatoes and I think spicy Mayo. It was an experience. I brought my family here and we all agreed it was worthy to stop by.I want to point out that the service is excellent and attentive. I strongly suggest Destination dogs.If you have seen my other yelp reviews you will know that hot dogs are my favorite.  I will walk a country mile for a gourmet hot dog. 
You might ask yourself, "Well can a hotdog be categorized as gourmet?"
In the case of Destination Dogs, the answer is ABSOLUTELY. 
I once to tried to get to this place, walking more than a mile in the rain, only to find out that they had been rented for a private party. When I saw that sign my shoulders slumped and my face contorted. 
So my next opportunity was a central focus. 
And, ladies and gentlemen, it was soooo worth it. 
The ambiance was fantastic. It was a bit hip, a bit modern, and a bit old school, all at the same time.  In the back I could see games like darts and pool and that famous bubble hockey game.  
They have an extensive bar with great backlighting and the bartender was cool, communicative and patient.  I mean, there are at least 30 hot dog and sausage options so it was going to take time to decide what to order. 
I chose a brat that was made in house and covered in mashed potatoes and smothered in gravy--lingonberry jam icing the entire thing.  It was epically delicious.  
I also had my first Scotch egg.  I learned about these watching "Beat Bobby Flay" so I was really curious to see what it would taste like.  I was hooked after bite one. And the mustard sauce was worthy of a take home bucket. 
All in all, great experience.  Great options. (Python sausage....alligator....duck confit....phew)
Highly recommend if you like dogs...and they even have a vegetarian option. 
It is definitely a destination place.I've known about this restaurant for awhile, but it is very dangerous that I now know how delicious the food is.  Uh oh.
As a vegetarian, I was excited to see meatless options on the menu.  If I wasn't on a budget I would have gotten the Caesar salad and mashed potatoes FOR SURE.  
But alas...I stuck to just the dog for now.  
I had the Veg-Dog Meal-ionare - veggie dog with samosa filling and sriracha mayo on top.  It wasn't exactly what I expected but it was really tasty.  The bread/bun was perfect, especially how the bottom was squared off, so it doesn't tip over.  Was it a bit messy?  Sure.  Was it worth it?  Yep!Huge menu with lots of yummy options. I opted for the Swede Dreams with sauerkraut, and my girlfriend had the Chicago dog, and we were both pleased. Drinks were yummy and they didn't skimp on the alcohol. My one gripe was the wait for the food. We waited about 40 minutes for our dogs with no explanation from the staff.I am vegetarian and love having vegetarian hot dogs - and this place DID NOT disappoint. I got the New Mexico Domestic Hot Dog (I forget the actual name), with the vegetarian option, and it was delicious. My husband got the Kangaroo sausage (the Australia Hot Dog) and he said that was just "OK". We had a Groupon for them, so saved a little bit money, but otherwise their prices for the meat-based dogs are quite high (~$11 - $14). But if you are out for a new dinner experience, it doesn't come out to be so bad. We ordered a side of fries, the australian hot dog, the new mexico hot dog - veg, and two cocktails and our total came out to about $50. 
The house-made chips are OKAY. They weren't that good. 
The fries were OKAY too, nothing too special about it.
The drinks were GOOD. 
I am definitely more impressed by the hot dogs, and will be returning for those.Very great hot dogs. Good bar too. I feel like this place could make it as a hole in the wall hot dog stand if it doesn't make it as a full restaurant/bar. Great food late nightLove this place!! Everything was fresh and delicious. The unusual offerings brought a fun twist to ordinary hotdogs. There was nothing ordinary about their menu and I can't wait to go back!  Highly recommended and bring some extra quarters for the game room!THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE SPOT IN PHILLY. I LOVE hot dogs and their bar is an awesome addition. Not only do they have like 30 different kinds of gourmet hot dogs but they have a fully stocked bar, games, amazing and friendly staff, a ton of room, and it's so reasonably priced. Not to mention they have amazing truffle fries, serve homemade potato chips with each hot dog, and have a happy hour!!! Need I say more?!?!?! The bartenders remember me and my girlfriend and the whole atmosphere is inviting. I recommend this to all my friends and if you like hot dogs, I would highly recommend it to you as well. I love it here!!Very diverse type of hot dogs, ranging from the regular beef sausages to the more adventurous options like kangaroo and python sausages. It's one of the best happy hour place in philly, can't beat 3 dollar beer and wine.The dogs are really good. My favorite is the Poutine Dog. The beer is a bit pricey and the service is a little slow.Best picnic food I've ever had. Please try crab artichoke dip and Vietnamese inspired hotdog, they are delightful. The happy hour isn't too bad either - $3 glasses of wine, why not?! Our waiter was very helpful and knowledgeable of the menu as well. Wish I could remember his name to call him out. Great experience overall - location, food, service all get 5 stars.Really a Great little spot! The menu can be a bit intimidating but overall, I wish I could eat here every day. The staff is amazing and friendly, food is excellent and the beer and whisky selection is rather decent. I would advise visiting off peak hours to experience the awesome game Room. I'd love to recommend a dog for you but would feel I'd be effecting your experience my doing so, you really can't go wrong.The hotdogs are AMAZING the service is terrible. It took an hour to get out hotdogs and 15 minutes to get a Diet Coke ( which they didn't come back and ask if my friend wanted it refilled) This was during lunch time when there were only 10 other patron or so there- I would be scared to see what it is like for the dinner time crowd! Get the Trenton though.This place is so good, food is outstanding, original and delicious.  Service is very good and a must attend restaurant for the value and atmosphere.  GREAT SPOT, need this restaurant in NYC.We had a fabulous time at destination dogs. The host was really accommodating and made sure that we were taken care our. Our server was really pleasant and helpful. The only thing that was a little frustrating was the amount of time it took to get our hot dogs. They were pretty busy the night we went so maybe that was part of the problem. Surprisingly, when our hot dogs came out they were hot and delicious. Probably a rare place in center city where you can get two beers and a snack for $20 bucks. We then headed back to the game room and took on some strangers in cornhole and pool! Will be visiting again soon!I love coming here with my friends. Every time we come we go straight back to the game room. It's a cool atmosphere and great place to grab a drink.Came here on a Wednesday night and was seated right away. A large space with a bar and and arcade that's good for post-work drinks or a late dinner. A wide assortment of hot dogs to choose from, all which range from 8$-12$. I ended up getting the Hebrew Hammer ( potato latkas & mustard) and the Chivas (bacon, sour cream, salsa verde). Both were solid and extremely difficult to eat without utensils but that's half the fun. However I would say the hot dog itself is average size and despite the wide variety of toppings a little overpriced. Still, would still come back to try a few of the other options on the menu as they have some really unique offerings (including alligator sausage and python sausage). A welcome addition to Center city!I can't believe this but I have to downgrade it back to a 4! We had bad service there last night. It was crowded at first, but quickly died down and our server just would not come over to us.
For drinks, our empty plates, or even our credit card.
Still love it here tho with the great food and prices, was just let down since the service was so awesome in the past!Before I invite my friends here I have to ask, "Do you like hot dogs?"
I feel like hot dogs get a bad rep. I don't know if it's the whole mystery meat thing, the shape, I don't know. But I've always loved them. Mystery meat and all. Obviously, now that my taste buds know better, I appreciate a good beef or bratwurst dog and this place has all of that and then some. This place literally is my childhood and my excuse to carry that youthfulness with me in tow with a $3 wine or well drink (Happy Hour specials), on the way to the game room in the back. To be fair, I've never even played the games, but the aesthetics of everything fit so perfectly. 
My first time coming, I had the Poi Boy, it was good, nothing special (this is probably more of a personal choice as in, the flavors just didn't appeal to me the way I'd hoped, not that it wasn't good) and the deviled eggs were okay too. Even though I wasn't blown away, I still wanted to come back. I knew with their extensive creative menu, there was something there for me. Second time here, I tried the Trenton Thunder. Oh my! It was messy, but it was worth it. The spicy jelly was actually spicy, but with the perfect kick to compliment the dog but be sweet enough to enjoy. This was amazing, seriously! 
Also had the crab artichoke dip, which was really tasty. And the fries are really good. They have a savory and slightly sweet thing going on there. A place having good fries is a barometer for the quality and taste of their food. And this place is a complete win.This place is absolutely fantastic. While I will admit that the names for their different dishes sound a lot like double entendres, there is no better place in the city for gourmet hot dogs. They utilize a vast variety of choices for dogs and toppings, and their side snacks are also great. By far the best latka you'll find in the city, outside your grandmother's kitchen. Would recommend the cyclone dog, or to choose the option to build your own sandwich.The rocky balboara and Trenton dogs were fantastic! Jay (our waiter) was even better.Woooooowww! I will never ever go to another hotdog establishment. They deliver on fresh and homemade ingredients. The bar is just as good as the food. Customer service is spectacular. I've brought friends and family here and it never disappoints! Do yourself a favor and visit!We came here after a concert because it seemed like the best late-night option in the area. The concept was really fun, and the food didn't disappoint. I had the Oscar, and my boyfriend had the Boston. I wouldn't necessarily make a side trip to come here for dinner, but it is an excellent option if you want something late. They have a fun selection of beer on tap, and their cocktails are fun!I had a duck sausage with duck confit and patè. It was amazing. I wouldn't say that I'm normally a hey, let's go out for hot dogs kind of girl but since I was in Philadelphia for a trade show it was fun to do something outside of the box. Great service. My only complaint was it was too loud. Now I feel old :-(Was pleasantly surprised by the hot dog combinations and choices. My food was full of flavor and mouth watering taste. This place is definitely doing something right. I can't wait to go back with friends to enjoy the game room!Such a cool spot.
We came on a Saturday afternoon for some drinks and games and watched some of the World Cup. They have corn hole, billiards, skeeball, arcade games and others. It's definitely a spot to come for an hour or two and play some games and enjoy some drinks.$3 drinks during happy hour!! easily becoming a regular on my HH go-to list!
food wise, we tried their pretzel and patatas ridiculous and both are yummy! just a huge bummer that the portions are a tad small... i do recommend trying the patatas if you're looking for something savory.  the gravy is to die for!
So there's a lot happening on the menu and if you ever have trouble deciding, you might as well just close your eyes and throw a dart at the menu to pick one.  there's a lot of creativity going on and i think it's pretty awesome they put in a lot of effort to come up with different combos along with complementary garnishes for the brats.  the dogs are well prepared and they do look as good as they sound on the menu! BUT here's when looks can be deceiving...  IMO i thought the the hot dogs were only alright~ the brioche buns were fantastic though! i tired the kangeroo and python the way they would prepare it.  they were interesting~ however, they don't make me want to crave for more.  with that said, it's still a good satisfactory dinner, but i wouldn't go out of my way to stop by d.dog for the hot dogs. 
don't get me wrong, i still had a fun and enjoyable experience at D.dog!  i think of this joint as more of a hangout spot than for their specialty in hot dogs~  the cocktails are awesome! and carries a really nice vibe in the restaurant.  the staff are soooo friendly and welcoming! i will probably return~ d.dog has got something good going here. :) and definitely looking forward to more progress on the brats~ lots of potential to explore for D.dog!This place is great.  They have a large array of gourmet hotdogs including Alligator and Python.  I had the breakfast dog (Fried Egg, Bacon, Hash Browns, etc.) and my wife had a dog with hot peppers.  The dogs are all delicious.  You can also create your own gof from dozens of ingredients.Holy hot dog double fist, Batman! OK, so this place has about a million specialty dogs. I was having hotdog FOMO, and I was super hungry, and the waiter was a total hotdog enabler...so, I ordered two hotdogs. Which ones aren't so important, as I have total faith that everything at this place will be tasty. Read the menu (or don't) and just pick out the dogs that have ingredients that sound good to you. The glorious end!Great food.  Highly recommend the Rocky Dog.  Great service too.  Our waiter was great and we didn't wait long for our food.Came for the trivia night on a wednesday, everything was fabulous from the waitress to the Quizzo master to the hot dogs. Waitress took 6 orders all perfectly by memory, came
by to refill our waters and get us drinks, and came with a split check at the end. All of the hot dogs are unique and wonderful to try, get a few and split them with friends for the best experience. 
One friend got the veggie dog and said it was great as well, you can swap out any dog for a veggie version to make it perfect!Stumbled in here with a couple hours to kill before a meeting. Surprised and pleased that it has a full beautiful bar at the front, in addition to plenty of comfortable tables. Waitstaff was very accommodating and helpful. Really liked my hotdog, one of the chicken ones with chipotle sauce and avocado - they make and stuff all the sausage except for the all beef hot dogs. Super good house made chips as well. Good beer selection and awesome 1/2 price happy hour that started early on several different beers. Good place to watch a game too, 4 big TVs right over the bar.Ordered 4 dogs to split between 3 people, so much tasty food (including cheese fries). All the food was also presented tastefully. We ordered the New Mexico ABQ, Maui OGG, India BOM, and France CDG. Favorites were the BOM and CDG. The vegetarian meat on the India was super yummy, this dog also had the most vivacious flavor. They have a rotating and quite interesting draft list. The decor includes vintage air travel posters and gives a fun vibe to the restaurant. This place is a great new addition to Center City and there truly is something for everyone.This was a new concept for me - gourmet hot dogs! They are top-notch though and just hit the spot. Good, friendly service and normally seated right away. Great mixed drink options too for a fun night out.Pretty neat concept, good service.  Glad a tried it!  Those potato things were bangin.. skip the fries and get those!  Dogs were good, we def over ordered, but again.. when theres like 25 different hot dogs, who wouldn't?Big fan of this place...good service and food. Nice beer list, im kind of a wuss and ways get a basic dog, but the other ones look amazingGot the Paul Bunyan Hot Dog (Minnesota) and a cocktail. If you're gonna get a Paul Bunyan ask for extra maple syrup on the side. Will definitely be returning to try all the hot dogs. A+!So many dogs, so many toppings, all super greasy! I came here with my friends for lunch break and decided to check out this dining joint. I will say that the overall ambiance is quite impressive: tall ceilings, open spaces, large windows all gave this place an inviting vibe. As for the sausages, you can choose from a wide variety of meat concoctions (beef, pork, chicken, duck, boar, snake) but after trying many of them (except beef), I failed to be able to distinguish the subtleties due to the excessive sauces, double-buttered buns and grease accompanying each superdog. From a caloric standpoint, you definitely should be all set for this meal, and the next 2 meals after just one dog and fries, but the volume of the hot dog leaves a little bit more to be desired given the cost. That being said, I still really liked the Charles Dog Gaulle (duck-dog with confit), the Mighty Duck (duck dog with hoisin and scallions) and I would recommend the confit French fries (patatas ridculas). I had the crab and artichoke dip....which I couldn't even taste the crab.Love this place. Fantastic draft list and incredible cocktails. Extensive and artisinal bourbon selection. Food is amazing too. You can sub vegetarian sausage for dog on the menu. I love the one in New Brunswick, NJ and this one delivers the same quality and atmosphere.What a spot. I had never been here but I stopped by for a quick bite a few beers before a concert at MilkBoy. I had the Trenton Thunder and please give me Pork roll in any context and I will pay you top dollar for it. Environment does not feel like a hot dog restaurant, more like a Americana wine bar. Beer was a little pricey, but food was really inexpensive. Staff was awesome!