This is a lovely neighborhood spot with a cozy, intimate atmosphere and a beautiful wood bar. Very clean and polite service. Devil's Pocket installed several more TVs that I'm sure many sports-watching patrons appreciate, but I found distracting and somewhat crowded in. I wish they had some more appealing healthy or vegetarian options: my boyfriend ordered the smoked portabello sandwich and it was not great, very bready, not enough tasty veggies inside, just underwhelming for the price. The burrito has a vegetarian option, but is not priced accordingly (they should take off several bucks or at least add something to replace the chicken, like grilled vegetables or fried tofu). The salad offerings are boring and look unexciting. I realize this place is a good-old fashioned pub, and I am sorry to hate on them after they just opened, but just having a few high-quality veggie options would make me more likely to return. Also, the beer selection is ample, but difficult to read on the chalkboard, cramped, sloppy handwriting and (just like Resurrection) no prices!Stopped at Devil's Pocket for Lunch on Sunday. The bartender, Janine, was incredible. The place was crowded, yet she took the time to introduce herself, shook my hand, asked me my name and where I was from..very rare for most places nowadays. I'm not much of a beer drinker (although they have a great selection), so I went with a Tito's Vodka and OJ. Fresh Juice and a healthy pour started the day right. 
I ordered the BLT which did not disappoint. The bacon was thick and tasty, the bread fresh and whatever the mayonnaise/sauce was on the sandwich was the perfect flavor. The fries were killer as well. 
Janine remembered my name throughout and was very attentive to my requests. They had the football games on, but not the sound, which was enjoyable. I don't know if Janine was playing the music or if it was the jukebox, but it was a great mix at a good volume. Met a fellow patron at the bar, Molly, who loved the Steelers and she also mentioned how much she liked the place. 
As I was leaving Janine thanked me and told me her schedule (dayshift Wednesday, Saturday & Sunday?). I will be back to see her on her shift and probably check it out at night as well. Definitely the kind of place you could go to often. Affordable and comfortable.This restaurant is close to where I live, so it was an easy choice for dinner.  We got take-out nachos, mac and cheese, and a chicken sandwich.  The nachos were the best ones I have ever eaten, and the rest of the food was delicious too!
We decided to eat in on a Saturday night (on the later side), and it was even more delicious.  There was a small crowd at the bar, but the restaurant portion was fairly empty.  I understand this place is a stretch from South Street, but it is worth it!
They have a decent drink selection, and a good menu.   I have found my new favorite place!Wow this place is boring. I wasn't crazy about resurrection, but at least they put some effort into creating a menu that reflected any sort of character. The menu at this place read like a TGIFridays without the pizzazz and at twice the price. Caesar salad? Cheeseburger? WINGS? How outrageous! I'll be happy to walk ten feet further to grace tavern where I can better food (and better 'comfort' food) at better prices in a much better atmosphere.
Also, most importantly, this place is NOT in devil's pocket.Great food!! A lot of unique menu items. The BLT is AWESOME. The staff is friendly and it's a cute atmosphere and usually easy to get a table. The only thing that doesn't make it a 5 Star is the service is kind of slow. Every time I'm in there it seems we wait at least 30 minutes for our food. I'm not sure if they only have one cool or they are making it fresh, but consistently it takes a while, so be prepared. However-- staff is friendly and attentive and the food is worth waiting for!The perfect spot for brunch or a evening drink, I've haunted Devil's Pocket numerous times. The staff is very friendly and knowledgable of the concise menu. I HIGHLY recommend the jerk wings- so unique and full of flavor!This is a nice, laid-back pub. I came last night with a friend and sat at a small table next to the bar area. 
FOOD/BEER: I ordered a cheeseburger with bacon and it was very good, not over-cooked at all (I asked for medium-rare). The fries were great too (they come with the burger) and it was plenty of food for $13. For beer, the double hearted IPA was also great and strong. I tried my friend's fried chicken sandwich which was nice and crispy and well seasoned. The menu is pretty typical bar food at night and they also serve brunch on weekends. 
ATMOSPHERE: This place is small an intimate. It would be a good place for a casual date or to watch a game with a friend (they had on the NFL AFC championship game last night). There are televisions throughout this little bar, but you could still hear the person next to you. 
BOTTOM-LINE: I wouldn't travel out of my way for this place but it is definitely a nice pub, with good service, a good beer selection, and good standard bar food.The happy hour here was quite disappointing.  $1 off per beer is just not competitive in the area. The beer selection is okay but not great especially when compared to resurrection ale house. The service was pretty good but that just did not make up for the price. I haven't tried the food, however, I have a personal bias that resurrections fried chicken was the best so hopefully the new food lives up to it.I love this place. The drinks, food, people, and vibes are all great here. Oh and Tuesday night quizzo is cool! (Starts at 9)
Food Favorites:
The burger (omgggg it's soooo tasty! Especially with some Gouda cheese)
The fries (awesome)
The Jamaican jerk wings 
Loaded nachos 
The menu doesn't have an overwhelming number of options but all of the above are solid choices. 
Service:
Excellent. The people are chill and friendly the food is usually pretty fast. The owner is a great guy who is always there, often working the bar. 
Ambiance:
It's wooden and dimly lit which adds to the relaxed aura of the bar. There's quizzo which brings a fun collective in. It's a great spot to meet up with friends, have a chill date, or just sit and drink for a while with no judgement.  It gets crowded sometimes on weekends at night. 
Overall, this place has a soft spot in my heart. I strongly recommend.Where to start!  Went in on a Saturday night early,  was rather empty!  Started out with two appetizers,  the jerk chicken wings,  and the hell in a hand basket fries!   Wow we're they both great the jerk wings made me ask if they were hiding a Jamaican in the kitchen!  They were cooked perfect and the. Seasoning was unbelievable!  The fries had the best chili I think I've ever had on them with cheese and chopped jalapeños!  Perfect combination!!  My entrée was the pocket blt,  the bacon was thick but tender with a what I believe was a horse radish sause that still has my mouth watering!!  Oh don't let me forget the beer selection was phenomenal!!  I went with an old favorite the yards brawler!!  The only reason I can think that the place was rather empty was people haven't heard of this place yet!!!! It's a must go!!!Phenomenal eggs benedict, I subbed Canadian bacon for Bacon, and it was phenom-nom-nomenal.I was very excited to have this cozy place fill a spot in the neighborhood.  The menu is small, but varied. The service was as excellent as I've received at top notch restaurants.  
I had the quinoa salad which was an amazing vegetarian choice.  I couldn't finish it because it was so filling.  My friend had mac-and-cheese and was not disappointed.  She was stuffed, but couldn't stop eating it. My friend was impressed with the beer selections, and was not disappointed with her choice.  I don't like beer and found the wine list very limited.  I enjoyed the glass I had, but wish there were more choices.  
Our server was amazing.  Attentive, but didn't hover.  Answered our questions and made great suggestions.
I could do without the TVs in the dining area, but that's nothing unique to this bar.  I don't enjoy football, especially when I'm trying to eat.  Thankfully the volume was down, and we were able to enjoy the music playing in the background.  
I'm looking forward to many more meals here.Service was slow and food came out over cooked.The Devil's pocket is a really cute restaurant that seems like it holds no more than 50 people at a time. Smaller menu with Americana food but a pretty wide variety of beers on tap. Went here with a group of girls and ended up being there for two and a half hours. We waited for about 40 minutes for our food which consisted of salads and sandwiches. The food was good but if you are looking for somewhere quick to grab a bite, this isn't your spot.I really cannot get a feel for this place.  I've been there 2 or 3 times now, and I still can't decide: is it a sports bar? Restaurant?  Pub?
The place is filled with TVs, although the setup is not conducive to being an actual sports bar.  They also don't play the audio for the games, which I find always shows a bar's dedication to being a traditional "sports bar".
The beer selection is nice, with a solid dozen beers on tap.  
The food is so-so.  I've had a few dishes, all of which were satisfying but not worth returning for.Turkey Pot Pie = $17 for cubed turkey, gravy, vegg, and large breadcrumbs tossed on top?  I'm not a cheap person but you've got to be kidding me.  Fried chicken sandwich was pretty good but the fried chicken is no where near the twice-fried chicken of the prior establishment.  This is a simpler approach than the previous business model with more comfort food but I'm not impressed with the beer selection at all.A very different vibe from it's predessor, Devil's pocket has a more corner tap room feel. The menu is not huge and is heavy on the comfort foods. the chef/part owner used to cook at Jones so that should be a indication of the home cooked quality of the food.  I was excited because they offer a burger which is made with La frida meat. I was so sad when Pub and Kitchen cancelled their La Frieda burgers( Churchhill)  the burger did not disappoint, it had all the flavor of the La frieda meat that I remember and at $11 it is a good value.  I tasted my wifes turkey pot pie, so good. It was thanksgiving in a dish, sans cranberries. If you love traditional thanksgiving style dinner, this dish is for you. The beer list runs from typical to craft and the mixed drinks are priced reasonably. a digital jukebox is now available. If you are looking for a homestyle meal at a very friendly neighborhood setting, you will like devils pocket.Can't wait to go back. Not pretentious, Great food, polite staff, excellent beer menu, tunes And totally affordable. Hmmm is there another criteria for 5 stars? Not in my book.Finally a neighborhood spot that we can relax in. Lovely food. Andrea is awesome. Marcus and Michael are delightful too! Love the beer list. The burger is spot on every time. The pork chop and chicken are plate-licking worthy! 
Welcome to the neighborhood!Returned here to comment on the brick chicken in particular. It was spectacular! The meat was so juicy and flavorful, and the accompanying spinach and potatoes added the perfect balance. I also had the ginger carrot soup of the day, and it was fantastic as well. This was accompanied by a blood orange gose, one of many intriguing options listed on the chalkboard. The mood was in the place was upbeat yet relaxed, and the service was very friendly and attentive.
So, this sounds a lot like a review for Resurrection Ale House, the previous tenant here. I think that's a good thing! I think this place will prove to be just as dependable of an option as its predecessor. I'm looking forward to coming back again.This is a good neighborhood bar. Usually the owner is working around the bar and taking care of customers. The staff is friendly and the beer selection is pretty good. Most of all best wings in Philly. Overall the food is good and a great place to get a beer.Awesome jerk wings and turkey pot pie with a great list of beers. Just a few of the amazing options at this neighborhood spot. Can't wait to check out the brunch Saturday's and Sunday's. Great addition to the few usual places in grad hospital.Up and coming! I've lived in the neighborhood for a few years and was pretty bummed when Resurrection closed but this place is off to a great start. I went on opening night and they seemed a little short staffed (almost like they weren't expecting a crowd despite the publicity the opening got, it was on philly.com that morning!) but the guy that was serving was also one of the owners, even being slammed he still maintained good conversation and great menu description. The Mac and cheese was something like I've never had before-it was topped with croutons! At first I was a little nervous but it turned out to be a great addition! Loved it! I will be going back :)We've eaten here 3-4 times and each time food has been solid. Love the wings here, but really everything we've had has been delicious. 
People who work here are super friendly and welcoming. The atmosphere is low key and relaxed. My only qualm is the seating against the walls can be uncomfortable (molding seems to dig right into your back) 
Also in all great local spot!Great neighborhood spot. Atmosphere is casual and friendly. Bartenders are knowledgeable and attentive. Great beer selection and delicious food options.  Personally, I love their nachos and the fried chicken sandwich is a must.  Only downside is there seems to be a lot of turnover with servers so there is not a ton of continuity if you're looking to make this the spot where everyone knows your name like some other neighborhood bars.Went for dinner on Friday night with 3 buddies and loved everything.   Great draft beers - Wookey Jack Black Rye IPA was the best.  Great food - jerk wings were perfect, burgers we delicious, BLT was amazing and the fries were awesome.  Nice bartender, fast service and really nice patrons, too.  Met the owner, Marcus, who was super nice.One of my favorite spots for a burger! Frequently come here with the wife for a burger and a beer. Highly recommend!If you like the vibe of Ten Stone, you'll probably like this place (jukebox; lots of TVs with games on; basic pub food). They have a less diverse food menu and draft beer selection than TS, but a better burger (by the way, I thought they had mac & cheese, was excited to try that. It wasn't listed on the menu tho). The fries are super tasty too-- they're just like the ones from the old tenant, Resurrection, nicely fried and crispy thin. Love those fries. This place is ok. I'll come back eventually.GREAT new neighborhood bar! My boyfriend and I went in to grab a burger and a beer and ended up staying longer in one night than we've stayed at the previous bar collectively. Great food, great service, great atmosphere. Can't wait to go back!I visited Devil's Pocket Food & Spirits for the first time last night. I'll be back! The staff is friendly and attentive and managed the packed house well. I didn't wait long for a refill. I dig the beer selection and the music. I don't normally 'do' wings but I tried them...AWESOME smoky flavor and not a mess to eat. Try the wings! Also had the mac 'n' cheese which was a good dose of comfort food. Worth a visitWe were exploring Philadelphia and stopped into this cool little spot to let the rain pass. Great bunch menu, nice staff, and good food! We ordered the funnel cake French toast and the chocolate chip waffle with bananas. As for drinks, one mimosa and one vodka cranberry.  Both were well made.  The server was extremely nice and helpful but it took an exceptionally long time for our food to come out. Once it did though it was well worth the wait!   And it certainly came out hot and fresh...it wasn't as though the food was sitting in the kitchen. 
 Overall nice experience and will return!Best burger in town, hands down.  People talk about Village Whiskey but their burger doesn't hold a candle to a pocket burger.  Order it medium rare and you will have the juiciest most delicious burger, I promise.This is a great spot for locals in Graduate Hospital. Drinks are cheap and there is always a great selection of draft beers on tap. The nachos are by far one of the best nachos in the city and definitely a must. Tuesdays are also Taco Tuesdays with $2 tacos (definitely try the chorizo) and $3 Tecates. The staff is nice and the atmosphere homey. The food is amazing but it does take a fair amount of time for it to come out. 
Unfortunately I have heard that this little book is closing, but have not seen any change in their service since hearing this. 
Check them out before they close (even though they hopefully won't anytime soon!)Still solid as ever. Marcus knows how to serve his guests the best food and drink in the area. Hats off to the fantastic rotating tap selection and the rock solid tri-tip sirloin steak. Fall tap beers looking great!Great addition to the neighborhood! Friendly staff great food and prices. Definitely worth the visit.This is a little neighborhood bar with great beer, a small but tasty menu, and a local feel. Indoor seating only, but never over crowded. 
Lately an article emerged saying they were slowly closing their doors due to lack of business. Devil's pocket will be missed!A two-star rating: Meh. I've experienced better. 
That better experience was with Resurrection Ale House before they closed. I really liked that place! Anyway no point in talking about it. The Devil's pocket still boasts the  great location, and a neat set-up inside. We went on a Sunday night just to check the new place out. It smelled like smoked chicken in there- big time. Like when you leave you know that your clothes and coat will smell like smoked chicken for a few days. Not bad, just saying. 
The beer menu was fine. Nothing too special, but fine. We tried the mozzarella brick sandwich with fries and the quinoa salad- which I really liked. The brick sandwich  was your slightly more than basic grilled cheese, while tasty, not really satisfying in an I-need-dinner way. The quinoa salad was a giant pile of quinoa over arugula - with a nice lemon dressing. Surprsingly good! Our server was very friendly and made us very aware that everything is house made and the chefs are very strict about everything being house-made. It made me wonder where else she had worked where things were clearly not house-made. 
Will I be back? Maybe. It's just such a convenient location.Decent beer selection and decent service. Plenty of TVs to watch sports. Nice atmosphere. Not too loud. Good place for conversation. We love to come here when it's late and we just want to relax and drink. Also they do have some good food options. Hummus is surprisingly good. Only complaint is that the food could be better. But really it's pretty decent.Food was great and for being opened for a relatively  short period of time the place looks fantastic! Great service and atmosphere.Great tap selection and the food is amazing.  Turkey Pot Pie, Brick Chicken and a never frozen hamburger are the best menu options.  Also a great banh mi which is available occasionally if you ask.  Jerk wings are smoked out back and are delicious as are the standard buffalo wings.  Chili is a little heavy on larger beans that are not as soft as traditional chili. Burrito is average and seems to not fit with the rest of the menu. Can't wait to see what the fall menu has in store.  The layout is the same as Resurrection but the staff is so so so much better.  Owners are on site every day and are industry vets who are engaging, nice and really enjoy their creation.  Overall a great experience.Went here for the first time today; the first trip to this location since it was Resurrection Ale House. The space is nice and simple, not overly designed. I showed up a bit before 6pm on a weekday, and I was literally the only one there besides the bartender and kitchen staff. Even the server showed up after me (and seemed to know nothing about beer from her conversation with the bartender). Bartender said the place does not get busy until 7pm and on weekends. I was there until 6:30 and saw no other customer. Everyone must have been at nearby Sidecar, which was nice and busy when I walked by after leaving here.
Beer selection was solid and decently priced. Bartender knew a good amount about beer. He was very nice, and I enjoyed my beer despite no happy hour specials (note: a $3 Narragansett and $5 Dale's Pale Ale are not "special" pricing. That is what I can get them for around the city all the time). 
The food menu looked standard for a nice bar, but nothing on the dinner menu enticed me to get food.
Experience would have gotten a higher rating except when I went to pay my tab, the credit card machine was not working at the bar or at the server station, so I was directed to the ATM that charged me a $2 withdrawal fee. No apology or anything was offer for the fact that my $6 beer now cost me $8 thanks to the fee at the ATM plus other potential fees from my bank.
The trip was not worth the $10 (still gotta tip the bartender well) for one beer and no social experience. I don't think I will be going back here, unless its after 7pm and with cash just in case.Such a small menu , the one good thing they have on the menu is always sold out smh how can you sell out of a chicken dishDevil's pocket is a great neighborhood bar in grad hospital. With great food, friendly waitstaff, and (relatively) spacious seating, it is a must for anybody who lives in the area! The only thing that is lacking is the speed of food service!
I have been to devils pocket multiple times - for both brunch and dinner - and have enjoyed my experience both times. 
For dinner, a friend and I went to the restaurant around 6 or 7pm on a weeknight. We were seated quickly (in fact, we were some of the only people there) and our orders (mac and cheese and nachos) were taken promptly. However, though there were only several other tables that needed to be served, it took about an hour for our food to come out! Ultimately, the nachos were delicious (top nachos in philly, in my opinion) and the mac and cheese was cheesey and great. However, had we known that the "twice cooked" nachos would take 40 minutes to be prepared, we may have ordered something different. 
For brunch, I have encountered similar situations. The funnel cake french toast is literally amazing - I could eat it every day! Unfortunately, both times I have been at devil's pocket for brunch, I have been one of the only tables waiting to be served, and it took 40+ minutes for our food to come out. When the food arrived, it was well worth the wait! However, this is definitely not the "quick neighborhood pub" that I thought it would be! 
Nevertheless, I continue to come to Devil's pocket - when I have the time - due to the good food and drinks and the neighborhood atmosphere! Set your expectations appropriately, come with a group where a nice sit down meal and good conversation is needed - and you won't regret your decision!Been here a couple times and each time I've thought, "ehhh...wish we picked somewhere else"
Good:  decent amount of draft options.  bartender was cool and fun to talk to.
Meh: the beers seemed to be more expensive than most places in philly.  Burger I had was...ehh...it was okay.  
Honestly, I'll pick pretty much any other place nearby (Sidecar, Grace tavern, Tria, Sardine Bar, Madeira) over this one except for 10 stone.Solid place to grab a burger and a beer.  The service can be a little slow and parts of our orders have gotten scrambled or forgotten a couple of times.  It's friendly and relaxed.  Quizo on Tuesday nights.  Great neighborhood/weeknight joint.I was here for the first time on Friday night. It's a great little corner bar. Wide variety of craft beers, great food and nice atmosphere. I had the jerk wings which were delish!  The bartender, Marcus, is awesome, and very knowledgable about the beers. I will def be going back!Tough shoes to fill after the closing of Resurrection Ale House in the same location. But so far Devil's Pocket Foods is off to a great start. I love chilli! And this is a great place to have chilli, chilli cheeses fries, chilli nachos and the like. However, the true winner was the quinoa salad with a lemon & Rosemary dressing. Top it with a grilled chicken breast and its a hearty yet healthy lunch!My partner and I were excited to try out a place in our new neighborhood, we went for brunch on a Sunday & sat at the bar. First off - AMAZING bloody marys!!!  SO spicy and flavorful!  No edible garnish (just lime & lemon), but not a big deal - they were large and delicious!  The BF got the Aye Yai Yai! (chorizo eggs benedict), and after the bartender recommended it, I got the Jerz Croque. Both were EXCELLENT. Very rich, not an every week kind of meal, but really well done. Potatoes were more like potato skins than hash browns, which was awesome. We were really impressed! Interesting atmosphere (the pickpocket wall was cool), and service was good - attentive, even though the bartenders were texting (I don't really get that, but honestly, it didn't affect our experience). 
One point off for (a) a slightly under-poached egg on the benedict, and (b) food took a while to come out, even though we were one of two groups dining. We will definitely be back!Haven't been in a while and was really impressed, particularly with the wings and mac n cheese.  Beer taps tasted clean.  Service was great.  Will definitely be going more often to support this local business.Great tri tip plate and the burgers are awesome. They were very accommodating in putting a kids burger plate together for my son. Interesting ales and spirits though I just had an iced tea. Friendly staff. Reasonable prices. Can't go wrong. Get here now.Just simply wonderful.  Great food, more than sufficient selection of beer and other libations, comforting atmosphere, and attractive pricing.  All that is topped off by bartenders and wait staff second to none in the city.  I've enjoyed the wings on my first visit.  My second visit introduced me to the Devil's Pocket bacon cheeseburger that I am sure to have many more times in the future.  The bacon cheeseburger is based on La Frieda meat and it is served on a toasted brioche seeded bun with shredded Romaine lettuce, pickled onions and a choice of cheeses --- I chose Blue Cheese and asked for the rarest burger possible.  I was not disappointed.  in fact, I honestly do not remember enjoying a better burger anywhere!  I will positively return often!!!Excellent food and great atmosphere!  Been here several times and remains consistently great.First time here and really pleased. Service was excellent-polite and very pleasant. Only had wine and a couple apps. Delicious wings and nachos. Sometimes that's all I need on a cold winter night. Highly recommend. For this hood I really hope they succeed. Seriously need a great neighborhood joint without pretense.I never made it out to Resurrection, but a shopping day in the area led me to Devil's Pocket's door for sustenance last month. This bar turned out to be the perfect place to warm up and recharge after hours of walking around in the cold weather.
We chose to sit upstairs at a table and were given menus. Simple choices for weekend brunch, but many great options. I went with the tried-and-true beer and burger combo, and requested cheddar cheese and bacon on the burger. Great draft selections! I chose the Sly Fox Christmas Ale, as it was right before Christmas at the time.
Our server was wonderful. Very personable and welcoming! When the burger came out without bacon, she brought a plate of three or four pieces -- which was so beyond what was necessary or what could fit on it, but it was most-definitely appreciated. Oh, and the burger itself? Delicious! Oh, my goodness.Spent a fun Sunday night here. We decided to try them for a burger, and we were very happy. We were a little nervous, since we are big Grace burger fans, but it was just as good. Nice beer selection. Good service. We look forward to coming here more often. We will be back. (We were not fans of Resurrection's food, or no taste beer policy, so never went there, so it's nice to have another local spot to turn to.)Great neighborhood joint with incredibly friendly staff, bangin food (burrito, burgers, wings), and large drink menuWell, obviously some people like this place but I hate it. One earlier reviewer likened it to an expensive TGI Friday's and I can't improve on that description. Wings, fries, nachos, burritos? Is that really what our neighborhood wants? Is that really as creative as the owners can get? Most of the food was a greasy, fried mess. Resurrection, we miss you!Solid 4 stars for the former Resurrection Ale House. As many have reported, the Chef, Andrew Wagner and his biz partner/Bartender Marcus Versace took over the tavern from Maida and Brendan Hartranft.
Although I only had some apps this trip - they were spot on! Not to say they "dumbed down" the menu, its a lot simpler and more affordable. BEST nachos I had in recent memory. Wings are still awesome - they are grilled to a finnish - love the wood/smoke grill flavor. Great selection of beers, my friend had the Fried Chicken Sandwhich - another home run!
My new go to spot in the Pocket!Basically my only goal on most weekends is to check out a new place for brunch. I live a tough life,  I know.
Devil's Pocket isn't a huge departure from Resurrection but I really liked the vibe.  The layout is the same, but now there is some new devil inspired artwork. Service was good and there was no wait for brunch (we pretty much had the place to ourselves!)
They open at 11 for brunch and I highly highly suggest you check it out. The Aye Yai Yai was one of the best brunches I've ever had. It starts with a sope, then they add chorizo,  then the obligatory poached egg, and then it's smothered in jalapeño hollandaise. Home fries on the side make it even more sinful. So freaking good. I've eaten specialty benedicts at almost every restaurant I've been to brunch at and this is one of the best. I was a bit bummed that they didn't have any green tea, but they probably have more people going for the hair of the dog than for zen.
Solid brunch spot, I'll have to check it out for drinks!Went for first time 24 June 2018 for Brunch. Three people. Nice place. Simple and comfortable. I had Eggs Benedict and they were perfectly done. Not over cooked or undercooked just right. The best I've ever had.The breakfast potatoes were awesome  Another of our party had the breakfast sandwich and said it was great and she is very picky. The server was friendly. As others have noted there is a bit of a lag between ordering and receiving but that's was ok for us. I'll be going back.Great brunch, attentive staff, and always friendly! This is a go-to spot in an up-and-coming neighborhood.Awesome service, great food. Even though she was busy, the bartender/server was on top of it. Definitely recommendThis is a small neighborhood bar with a lots of beer on tap and a small but delicious menu. Hubby had a "perfect" burger and I had chicken under a brick which was served with mashed potatoes and spinach and was so tasty I would go back soon to order it again.Not great. They have rotating specials going on. The food is mediocre just like the atmosphere. You have to really bug the staff to get assistance-and end up feeling like a bother.Right across from where I live so you can't beat the convenience.  My friend and I went a little after work and got seated right away.  I ordered the burger which was good.  Service was good too.  
They have several tvs so I would consider it a good spot to meet up with friends to watch a gameGreat nachos, original combination of ingredients, haven't had any quite like them before. Thought the menu was simple at first, but everything we ordered is very well made. If you are in the mood for simple delicious fare this is your place. Agree that French fries were also great. Jean pocket holding the check at the end was a cute unique touch. Staff very friendly and accommodating.I don't ever take the time to review places online, but I feel compelled to review this awesome place. I've lived right across the street for two years now and Devil's Pocket is an exceptional restaurant and bar. The owners are unbelievably friendly (almost always there), the food is great (try the smoked wings, some of the best in philly... and the fries!!!!), and the beer selection is always phenomenal. I really can't talk this place up enough. Truly a gem in philly!!!This is my first Yelp review; but wanted to share how much I enjoyed Devils Pocket. I was there for a small party this past weekend. The burgers were phenomenal, great beer selection, friendly bartender (great service) and the flyers game was on. Win / Win. Will definitely make the trip from the Burbs for another cheese burger.A solid, no frills neighborhood bar with friendly service. I'm much more of a wine and spirits woman when it comes to alcohol, but I really enjoyed the Downeast Winter Blend Cider. As for the food, the nachos were DELICIOUS---possibly the best nachos I've had in the city. I also had a $2 taco for Taco Tuesday, but the taco was not particularly impressive and not worth the price (even at just $2). The service from the kitchen was also on the slower side despite the bar being fairly empty. All in all though, good food (check), good drinks (check), friendly staff (check), and clean bathrooms (check check check) make this a nice post-work hangout spot.Had the cheeseburger and the chicken sandwich with my husband.  We did halfsies.  We gobbled it up and contemplated order 2 more.  Sheer perfection!   Wishing them luck!The Devil's Pocket is a neighborhood dive bar that offers cheap drinks and surprisingly good food. The stand-out for the food is their cheese nachos. They're really good and it's such a large portion that it's basically dinner for two people. The nachos also pair very well with their $3 Tecate cans. The service is good here and it's nice that even when it's busy, there is still an open table so you don't have to wait. My one note of less-than-positive feedback is the kitchen can be slow.
One of my favorite things about this bar is the name. I always thought the "Devil's Pocket" was a great name for this neighborhood but it was seldom used and kinda obscure. So it's awesome that there is a bar there of the same name.Amazing food, great ambiance, love this place! Nachos are amazing! Great beer selectionsExcellent brunch, great service and an awesome beer selection. The Aye Aye Yay Benedict is my favorite. Jamaican jerk wings are also a great choice.I gotta be missing something. Every time I've given this place a shot, the staff are rude and distracted, the food is subpar, and the beer selection is lacking. Someone must have forgotten to pour the Kool-Aid!So we were out looking for apartments for my little sister & her friend when we found this super cute Polly pocket neighborhood just outside of center. I have driven through here but never stopped and looked around. 
It was fitting that such a beautiful neighborhood would have such a great place to eat within its boundaries. "Devil's Pickle" as I like to call it has a spectacular BLT. My friend who hates trying new places and will opt for the Apple Bees when we're traveling got eggs Benedict and he loved it.  Luckily they also had one beer shitty enough for him(Hamms). 
So we had no where to be but the kitchen was super slow. There was barely anyone in there. Not sure if it's normally like that but I'd caution going there if you have someplace to be. 
If they end up picking up one of the places we looked at I'll be frequenting this spot. I'd love to try some more of their things.Well don't I feel foolish. Lived here 2 1/2 years and have never come to this sweet little spot until tonight. Shame on me. What a fabulous surprise and such a little gem. Out food was completely perfect. The crispy sourdough BLT with perfectly cut fries, and my meal of the most delicious Brick chicken ever. I don't know how they got the bones out and the chicken so Flippin crispy but it was simply delicious. The marinade was amazing and mashed potatoes on point and the sautéed spinach just perfect. What an incredibly delicious meal and can't wait to come back and try to rest. Good beer selection warm friendly service, you just can't beat this place. 
The brunch menu looks terrific so I'm definitely coming back to check that out. Something for everyone here lots of friendly customers, a mix of young families and singles at the bar. Very welcoming.We loved this place! It was a beautiful Saturday night in June with the windows open. The service was fast and friendly, the food was great, and the atmosphere was chill.My family and I were looking for a good place for dinner and we were in the area and we remembered that a friend had told us about Devil's Pocket, so we decided to go. We we got there we were pleasantly surprised. The placed was very clean, and tidy. 
    Once we got seated in a very comfortable booth, we were greeted and served by the fabulous waiter Andrea! She just had this warm vibe. Then my family and I ordered. I got the Hell in a basket fries and the cheeseburger! It was EXCELLENT!!! The burger was juicy and perfectly cooked and the fries were just "Mmm...Mmm...good!" In the end this was defiantly the best resturant choice I could of made. I'm coming back in a heartbeat!!! Great price, Excellent staff, and GREAT FOOD!Okay this place is a 5 star rating without a lot of thought.  Great food and drinks in a small neighborhood setting.  Lots of regulars in this spot.  Great bar service and delicious food!The Devil's Pocket Food & Spirits has always been one of our favorite places to eat in the city.  Always an incredible selection on tap, food is delicious, and the service is outstanding.  When they re-opened for takeout recently, we HAD TO swing by to grab dinner.  Definitely worth the half hour drive each way.  The food and service were outstanding, as always.  And the owner, Marcus, is one of the nicest guys I've ever had the pleasure of knowing.  Thank you Devil's Pocket!  We'll be back soon.