After reading the reviews, I went for the roast pork with greens. I'm not exactly sure what the "greens" consisted of, but it was very distinct and bitter. Tasted like horseradish to me and did not pair well with the sharp provolone for me. It may be an acquired taste, but I thought it was horrendous. I would go back and try their other sandwiches but this one was an absolute no for me.This was a real disappointment. I had the cheese steak with wiz. The man taking my order was rude. The sandwich was cold. With zero care in making it, just looked  sloped together. Was not worth the $9Truly a sub par cheesteak. If you ever find your self in the navy yard for lunch you should head over to URBN for lunch. It is open to the public and one of the coolest buildings. 
On the plus side the cheesteaks are priced for what they are worth. About 5.50 add .50 for cheese and onionsHow in gods name is this place famous for their pork sandwich? Soggy bread with heaps and heaps of meat? Eh no thanks.This review is for the Navy Yard location. Make sure you bring cash because plastic is a no go. For a sandwich, fries and a drink you will need a $20. 
Maybe a bad day or maybe they had Friday I want to go home blues but I felt like I was inconveniencing them. It also took forever for a sandwich even though it was 1pm and a snowstorm was already starting and foot traffic wasn't an issue.
The roast beef with long hots and sharp provolone was very good. Just havinv a hard time getting over the service.Famous for the roast pork &  beef, but great hoagies and great breakfast sandwiches as well. Everything is served on the most amazing crusty italian rolls. Super cheap & quick. One of my favorite lunch spots during the week!Quiet week at the Navy Yard with the holiday so decided to give it another go. Freezing temps and absolutely no foot traffic at 3pm. How I waited at the order window for 5 minutes I can only imagine was for the enjoyment of the staff as I froze. Finally took my order and I wait at least another full 5 minutes to make a single sandwich. I'm not a construction worker so my shoes are built for office environment so the order of fries on the ground in front of the windows was a downer. Looks like they were there all day. Sandwich is still good and customer service still stinks. I am the Duke after just 3 visits tells you how much repeat business they get. Why they don't stay open for dinner I have no idea. Even with flex hours no one can get there by 4 pm. If they stayed open to 5:30 they would sell many more sandwiches for the dinner rush.Dinic's is as good as it gets! I got a hot roast pork sandwich. The sandwich was very tender and juicy. The food was also very fresh. The food was also ready very fast! I would highly recommend this place for a quick bite to eat!I was visiting Urbanoutfitters HQ when I discovered this place after taking a little stroll. Amazing sandwich with juicy and tender pork on top of amazing bread and sharp cheese. Must-try!!!!Truly a hidden gem. Dinics at the Navy Yard is awesome great food everything is fresh. The roast pork and beef will make you come back time and time again.You go there for one thing, "THE ROAST PORK SANDWICH "  Religious experience
The best is when you order a sandwich and you leave it wrapped up for about 20 minutes all those flavors meld together, bringing the sandwich to a new heights. BRAVO   BRAVORoast Pork! Broccoli rabe! Sharp Provolone! Enough said!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Pretty good pork sandwich. Had a working lunch a couple weeks back, and they ordered from this place. Now, I've had the Dinic's in reading terminal, and walking by this place you think, ehhh, this can't be better than that. Well, it isn't, and definitely isn't better than John's, but it's much closer than I expected. The pork was tasty and juicy, and I had gotten it with sharp provolone, and garlic spinach, which was a nice mix-up against the regular, more bitter spinach usually served. Other people in my office had the cheesesteaks, which they said were good, but let's be serious, everyone knows what the best kind of Philadelphia sandwich is- Roast Pork.Great sandwich no doubt but I must say I enjoy John's better. So much has been written about both but really you just need to try each and decide for yourself. Huge note: 3 stars is just for this particular sandwich within my pretentiously high Philly standards, anyone who has never had a true pork sandwich will love this as much as I do.Great spot to get lunch, lines are fast. Best part is the provolone, it's amazing! I usually get the spinach but the pepper added on is also great.Great roast pork sandwich - as good as the Reading Terminal location.  Get the roasted peppers, spinach and sharp prov.Nothing like a Beef Brisket from Dinic's to start with at the DNC 2016 Convention!  Yum! Check out our photo!huge sandwich for the price! 
roast pork
i had it with provolone and the rabe. delicious.
homemade meatballs
with provolone. also, delicious!We went to the Dinics in the Reading Terminal Market. We usually go at least once a year. When you walk around the market the line there is usually the longest. The line goes quick. They are making before you order. It is worth the wait. I usually get a Roast Pork with Provolone with broccoli rabe. This sandwich is a must. Delicious!Best Pork sandwich I ever had. Went here at 1:00 and line was 30 people deep. Ate somewhere else, but made a note, "must be good."  Went back next day at 9am & decided that we 'd try it out(even though a pork sandwich isn't really bfast food). It was amazing!Stopped for a quick bite before heading to Airport. Got the Roast Pork and was extremely satisfied. Everything about it was awesome, plus the service was terrific. We will be back.Don't understand how the roasted pork is more popular than the cheesesteak.  Good food and friendly service. Would definitely recommend.Great roast pork sandwhich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe. The roll is soft and the pork has great flavor. If you don't like broccoli rabe you can get spinach greens instead. Either way, greens on the sandwhich is a must. This place is great, lines move gast, and the prices are affordable. They also take most forms of plastic payment, unlike other places in the market that are cash only, like Carmen's Cheesesteaks.Delish pork sandwiches. Made mistake of not getting brocolli on it though. Wish we got the recommendationYum. Best thing at reading terminal. Large sandwiches. Meat was moist. Provolone was sharp. Jus was juicy. Only thing is that sometimes there's a really long line... and very crowded space. Service is quick and great tho. Go and try it!Worst fries ever.  These fries were barely cook through and this was at lunch time. We had roast pork sandwiches.  I did not care for the seasoning on the pork.  That is just my personal taste.  To me the seasoning overpowers the flavor of the pork.  I can see why people like these sandwiches.I had an amazing and delicious pork sandwich here. I couldn't leave town without it. Moist and flavorful, you don't want to miss out on having one of these sandwiches before leaving town either; trust me.DiNic's would have been 5 stars had you asked us any other time in the past decade.
We were there this week after a long hiatus, and were sad to discover that the once-larger roast pork sandwich is now half of an 18" roll... so yes, 9 measly inches. At least that's what they served us.
CASH ONLY !!!!!!!
CASH ONLY !!!!!!!
CASH ONLY !!!!!!!
Prices didn't go up, thankfully, but they now require CASH ONLY, which hubs does not remember ever being the case in prior years when he and office team ordered from them for many a lunch.
A great sandwich, but the cash only thing adds $2 to your order due to ATM fees from the "convenient" machine, smack in front of the pay window. That combined with the half-a-roll thing for a smaller length, is just crappy.
Wish they hadn't changed things.Went here last weekend. Got the pork sandwich with provolone and hot peppers. Honestly, It was just ok to me. Wasn't as flavorful or juicy as I expected since It is so hyped. Wasn't bad by any means, but probably won't visit again.Overpriced and underwhelmed. It's cash only. In a time in which we have self driving cars and smartphones it's ridiculous that they don't accept cards. And outdoor seating only.
The sandwich, the one touted as the best roast beef sandwich, is just so plain and lacks any culinary skill. It's no different than if I had gone to the deli counter at the grocery store and slapped it on a white bread hoagie. And the toppings are over priced too. Want 2 slices of cheese? Extra $1.50. Peppers- $1.25!!! This $9+ sandwich is bland and marked up. I've had better hoagies at WaWa. Avoid this rip off.I love coming to Philly and I love the food!  I know there is always a heated debate about the best cheesesteaks in town, but I think nothing says true Philly food more than a roast pork. The one I just got today here at Dinic's was perfect!  Thinly shaved pork roasted to peak juiciness, and you definitely gotta get the sharp provolone. The roll was soft inside but just the right amount of firmness on the crust. They definitely load you up with the pork!  I added some fresh horseradish and it was absolutely delicious from the first bite to the last. If you're ever here at the Navy Yard come try them out - you won't be disappointed. Little tip for first timers like I was - they only take cash, but they conveniently have two ATMs right there on the one end. Place your order at the 1st window and your hot and tasty food will be ready at the next window in just a few minutes!  I'll definitely be coming back.Review specifically for the Navy Yard location - service is appalling. If you're used to the great RTM location that was reviewed by the Man vs Food guy, this place will shock you. 
I'm not a chatty kathy, but over the years I've had numerous conversations with the guy in RTM. This place though? Never. I'm not really their type (and its likely you aren't either). Seems like most of their preferred clientele here is blue collar union guys. You'll see the stickers on the windows as soon as you arrive and realize what I mean by this.
Food is basically the same as RTM location but I just can't get over the service. There's one lady here who will not even grunt at you when taking your money. During summer 2014 I even tried giving her increasing tips ($2 on a $8 sub!) to get some response, but failed to even get acknowledgement I exist! The other staff apart from her arn't outright rude, but just not that friendly either! Some people will say that's a Philly attitude ... but this is nonsense, go to their RTM location and you'll meet some of the friendliest people in the Philly, go to Johns Roast Pork and they'll be laughing and joking with you!
If you absolutely have to eat here then I'd recommend either the beef with cheese, roast pork with greens and sharp provolone or the Italian.   But with so many choices in South Philly my main question is why eat here at all?
If passing through Philly, just head to their RTM location for the real Dinics experience.  Don't have the time or need to drive? Then Johns Roast Pork (approx. 5 mins drive) does a great pork with greens without the attitude problems at this place. Alternatively Tony Lukes (again, 5 min drive) does a great cheese steak. So many alternatives in Philly, best to give this place a pass.By far the best pork sandwich I have had! The sharp provolone really made it!! Just sitting at the counter listening to a jazz band play in the market made this experience unforgettable!!So it's a Dinic's Outpost.  But you are at the Philadelphia Shipyard and I love what is going on down at the shipyard.  The N/S Savannah is in the Shipyard Dry Dock.  The N/S Savannah is floating history.  She was/is a nuclear powered cargo ship.  She was built in the 1950's as the center piece of then President Eisenhower's 'atoms for Peace' initiative.  We got our Dinic's cheesesteak and went to Urban Cafe to eat it while looking at the John F Kennedy aircraft carrier.  She is the most decorated ship in the world.  As far as the Cheesesteak, my roll was bad crusty and the meat was dry.  But from what I can tell Urban Outfitters is a phenomenal corporate Citizen and they are doing a great job of preserving and respecting the old Shipyard while making it a vibrant place to visit.  Overall great experience.  Visit the shipyard!Roast Pork Sandwich - yum!
Chicken cutlet italiano - double yum!
Good lunch time spot - quick and easy.  They only take cash.Delicious loaded roasted pork sandwich hits the spot. Get a lot of bang for your buck. I work nearby, and this is becoming a favorite.I work right next door to this place.  I have had their cheese steaks before and they're ok...greasy.  But then again, it is all greasy at this place.  I generally get a sausage, egg and cheese sandwich for breakfast and it is good, just greasy.  The heavy-set chick taking the order is just down right miserable, never smiles or makes any effort to make you feel welcomed.Ridiculous service! Ordered a sandwich and stood watching 5 other people order after me while waiting for my order. Waited 30 minutes for a plain cheesesteak only for them to handout out chicken cutlets and hoagies to the other customers that ordered after me and tell me they ran out of bread. Totally screwed me of my order. Also, the old guy at the register rounds up your sandwich price. Watch the register and watch how much he charges you. Lazy SOB. Don't waste your time or money here! The bread is stale a majority of the time anyway. This location should be shut down!This is a sausage and egg sandwich breakfast here in Philadelphia. Take that McDonald's!Cute little spot in reading terminal market! 
Checked this place out while on holiday in Philadelphia. Heard great things about the pork sandwich. I don't eat pork so I opted for the beef rendition with spicy pepper. 
It was pretty darn good. Once all the juices mix together the sandwich has it going on.
Service was good too! You really get a genuine vibe from the waitress. She was sweet.
As a side note my lover got pepper in his eye! So be sure not to touch your face while eating lolWaited to try one of these for about a decade. I finally tried one when I came into town to watch the Eagles beat the Patriots in SB 52!!
This sandwich started the day off right and the Eagles finished it..
The roast pork broccoli rabe with provolone was really good. My gf didnt like but I think it was just the sour part of the rabe..
The line to get one was a deterrent but I was also there day of superbowl and the last day fot the car show a block away..
I would come here everytime im in town for a game for 2 reasons.  Its obvioulsy now my "Good Luck" sandwich and 2, its delicious..
Cany wait to try different variations.We needed to stop for lunch between appointments and thought  we would try the DiNic's outpost in the Navy Yard.    I've tried their sandwiches at the Reading Terminal Market  location and really  enjoyed it.   Her3, no so much.   Base price for a sandwich seemed a bit cheaper but some  "add-ons" for $1.25 each seemed pricey.   I have no problem paying that for sharp provolone but not for broccoli rabe and green peppers.   
The roast pork was ok with plenty  of jus.    The roast beef was dry, stringy, and tasteless and there was a minute amount of cheese on this sandwich compared to the pork sandwich.  
This is an outdoor, walk-up-window location with a few picnic tables available for al fresco dining.   Be prepared to eat in the car if the weather is poor.When driving from Hershey, PA to Ocean City, MD, we drove an hour out of our way to try the famous pork sandwich.  It was worth every minute and more!  It was one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten.  I had the standard which is the pork with the broccoli de rabbe and the sharp provolone.  It was great like that.
I ordered the hot peppers on the side.  They gave me about a half pint of homemade, flame grilled red peppers that were then sauteed in olive oil.  They were so good I could eat them separately, but on the sandwich -- truly unbelievable!  We may be driving there from Washington for the sandwich sometime.You simply HAVE to do this. Pick a lunch where you want a great and not messy sandwich and an ice cold Coke. Squeeze in a counter seat and watch the show.After spending some time at the National Constitution Center and independence Hall, we worked up an appetite, so we made the walk down to Reading Terminal to see what we could eat.  We sampled a few things we came across, but one of our favorites was the roast pork sandwich from Dinic's. It is a small booth with stools situated around it if you want to sit and enjoy your meal.  
We ordered what they are know for, the roast pork sandwich. Why not a cheesesteak cause I'm in Philly?  Well, cause I can get that anywhere else in Philly.  I went with brocolli rabe and provolone on it and was absolutely delicious. The pork was nice and tender and very flavorful. The brocolli rabe was cooked to perfection and complimented the meat well. 
All in all, a great sandwich that isn't a cheesesteak. We will definitely be back when we are in town.The Roadt Pork Sandwich was on the food channel and was the reason for coming here. Very fast paced with limited seating. We cane on a Saturday right at the lunch rush and were able to get seats.  The sandwich had allot of Pork for the money and overall was very good but being from Miami where the pork is prepared with more latin flavors it hard to compare to some of the Pork Sanwiches I've had from South Florida.  Just my opionion and preference.Meat on a bun... 
What's the big deal? 
Sorry but Life's too short to eat boring foodFound this place while in the Reading Terminal market and what a find!! The roast pork is a must try! The greens go really well with the sandwich. We split a roast pork and a cheese steak and enjoyed the roast pork the most. Wishing i could
Have another one as I write this review!The Roast Pork Sandwich was on the food channel and was the reason for coming here. Very fast paced with limited seating. We came on a Saturday right at the lunch rush and were able to get seats.  The sandwich had allot of Pork for the money and overall was very good but being from Miami where the pork is prepared with more Latin flavors it hard to compare to some of the Pork Sandwiches I've had from South Florida.  Just my opinion and preference.Dinic's Pork & Beef down in the Navy Yard is unbeatable when it comes to a juicy roast pork sandwich. I crave it almost on the daily - it differs from the Reading Terminal Market location in that it also offers breakfast and has cheesesteaks on the menu as well.  I have also tried their cheesesteak sandwich and it's also really incredible (I would say one of the best in Philly too when it comes to overlooked places!).
The roast pork sandwich is huge, and comes with heaping portions of sliced pork that is just dripping with flavor. Definitely be prepared with a ton of napkins.  Also, make sure to order it with their sharp provolone and homemade horseradish - the combination really can't be beat.  The pork is tender and has a nice peppered flavor to it as well.  The price for what you get is amazing, and it's perfect to takeout during the pandemic.  I would say however try to eat it on the spot if possible - the bread does get soaked through pretty quickly with how juicy the pork is. If you're getting cheesesteaks, you don't have to worry as much about that. 
I would trek all the way down to the Navy Yard literally just to pick up their sandwiches the next time I have a craving. I hope the other location is just as good as they are, and will definitely have to try the Reading Terminal one, but I do slightly prefer this location again because of the greater variety on the menu.I can't speak to much of the menu, but I'll say this - there's no better sandwich to be had in Philly than the Dinics version of the Philly Roast Pork Italian sandwich. Anyone tired of or unimpressed by the cheesesteak (which more than merits its fame, by the way, for its simple, trashy deliciousness) needs to get on a Dinics Roast Pork, ASAP. The standard version, with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe, doesn't even really have more ingredients than a cheesesteak (although it'd be a mistake to not acknowledge the powerful garlic kick you get with the slow-cooked pork), but the flavor profile is considerably more developed, and the sandwich is juicy and tender beyond words. A true Philadelphia delight.This place has great roast pork sandwiches with broccoli raab, but they also have other solid sandwiches.  This spot is in the Redding TerminalIf you come here, the thing to get is their roast pork and broccoli rabe sandwich, and make sure you add the provolone to it.  It certainly appeared to be a popular choice as we overheard other people ordering it too.  And for good reason!  
First off, the sandwich is huge!  It easily fed the two of us.  And, even better, this place is open in the morning so you can totally do what we did and get this lovely sandwich for breakfast!  The roast pork is tender and juicy and the broccoli rabe, while naturally bitter, actually works really well.  Forget going to Pat's or Geno's, come here!!!Dinics is quality, and different than the other cheesesteak places. I had the pork which was good and really well done. The way they cook it is different than the cheesesteaks are done, which is too say cooked on a flat grill and chopped up. Also they use real cheese vs the classic liquid cheese on cheesesteaks which I think makes a difference. 
Dinics roasts big hunks of pork and then carves from that. The vibe is very nice and its nice to be close and watch them carve. 
Definitely would say that its the best pork sandwich that I've had.This place sucks I work down at the Naval Business Center were Dinic's is located and ordered a chicken Parmesan hoagie and received just the Parmesan sandwich no lettuce tomatoes etc.  I ordered a Parmesan Hoagie so I brought it back and ordered a Turkey hoagie. That was just as bad the turkey was phony turkey meat totally all processed and very salty.  Then they forgot the onions and tomatoes the very things that make a hoagie if you're from Philly you'll understand. Here again I asked if I should open the package that it was wrapped in to make sure the order was correct and was told no it was good. Not!!!!  The worse place ever!  People only probably go here because it's not many places to eat at the center. If I could give it a negative star I would!I live 3 hours away and truly have dreams about this sandwich. Make a point to go up there at least once a year. The pork, sharp provolone, and broccoli rabe is truly to die for. Philly may be known for steak and cheese, but this sandwich Takes the CakeWas staying in the Navy Yard and decided to give Dinics a shot for lunch. It is what it is a sandwich joint just what I was looking for lunch.I really like the role on the Cheesesteak in the way the sharp provolone melted with everything else. Very good and I will definitely go back.Dinic's is also in Reading Terminal. The are known for their pork. We went for an early lunch and they didn't have everything out yet, but we got a roast pork sandwich with provolone and spinach that we split.
The pork itself was tender and juicy and the cheese was nicely melted. We had spinach on ours and it had a little Parmesan on it which really kicked up the flavor a notch. The bread was soft and tender which made the whole thing kind of melt in your mouth. It was outstanding. 
Dinic's doesn't have its own enclosed seating area so you either have to order at the counter and go sit somewhere else or if you're lucky, get a seat at the counter. I enjoyed my experience and also enjoyed that it seemed like the employees enjoy their time at work as well. It made me feel great about supporting a local business.This place is pretty overpriced and the sandwiches are very mediocre, but service was quick though.Traveled to Philly and visited Dinics at the reading terminal market, which was one of the best decision yet. We got the beef brisket since they ran out the roasted pork (got to get there early apparently). Nevertheless, the beef was amazingly tender and flavorful. There were no bites that was too chewy with tendons. The added sharp provolone and the broccoli rabe added a sharp and sour taste to constrast the saltiness of the beef. So good that my friend claimed it's the "best goddamn sandwich he ever had". Strongly recommended! I also suggest trying out the hot pepper on the side to add some firery kick to the sub. 
Menwhile the bread was soft but not soggy, so the outter surface didn't rip a hole on the roof of your mouth. 
The service was very fast, though there wasn't a line when we were there.