2 1/2 stars
Chaos is the best word to describe our experience today.  
Food: 3 stars
I got the shrimp tacos and chips & queso. Found it a bit over seasoned and salty! 
Coworker 1: trio [chicken/pork/beef] out of the three she stated she like the chicken and found others quite chewy.  They also forgot her sour cream! 
Coworker 2: Ordered Barbacoa burrito in a bowl and chips & guac.  For the burrito bowl... well it's literally burrito in a... bowl!! Flavor was there but they should just call it a burrito!! 
Sadly out of all of the above, think I enjoyed the chips and queso sauce the best!! 
The receipt font looks tiny!! I hear a lot ppl complaining of missing items on their orders, perhaps make the font bigger?? ‍
Service: 2 stars
Waiting in line to order took about 5mins. [DL the app and you'll get $2 off!].  U get a # and sent down the lane to wait for ur food. The # that u get has no relevance in the order of food prepared.  So #15 is prepared and then #2 then #50 etc. I wanna say on a busy day like today, it took a good 15mins getting our meals.  
Given its prime location and demographics, I somehow expected more.  Question is would I ever go back?  For the time being, I would wait until they iron out some of their deficiencies.The staff is friendly and you get your food quickly. My only complaint is there is no option to get salsa in your burrito - they have a salsa bar that you get afterwards so I had to unroll my burrito to add salsa to it. Other than that the food was good-your typical taco/burrito restaurant.My experience here was just eh. 
All of my group's tacos (except one) were served ice-cold. My one warm taco was good, but I couldn't even eat the cold ones. 
The salsa bar was out of a few salsas and limes. A member in my group asked for limes and was told they were out. It was 6 o'clock on a Saturday so I guess everyone was out of luck that night.Didn't have it, but definitely didn't love it. I had the California burrito, chips and guac, and cream soda. The soda was the best part. Everything else was pretty bland.Went here for lunch. No wait. Ordering was smooth. Got 3 corn tortilla tacos; chicken, steak, roast pork, jefe way. $10..good price. I added pinto  beans and rice as a side dish. Shells good. Chicken was the best tasting, tender, flavorful. Steak had good flavor, needed to be more tender. Pork bland and kind of tough. I liked the salsa bar. The green tomatillo salsa was very good. The cilantro on the salsa bar was dried out. The pinto rice n beans...bland. So-so tacos.came here the other day for lunch and enjoyed my meal!
it's ordering system is similar to qdoba and chipotle; you can pick between burrito/burrito bowl but a nice addition here is quesadillas! i went with a steak burrito bowl. they don't skimp out on the meat! 
it was tasty and i really appreciated the DIY salsa bar.Not a bad choice to quickly pick up lunch/dinner or snack. It operates similar to a chipotle. Honoring no meat Monday only for today, I ordered a corn tortilla taco with guacamole, veggies and garlic lime rice. First bite was really delicious until I noticed how greasy the tortilla shell was. Turn off. Eating only the fillings, I felt unsatisfied, thus I wouldn't get the taco again. Line is out the door but it moves super quick. Seating is spacious with plethora of electrical outlets. It's really a 3 star experience but I added an extra star for getting $2 off for using the LevelUp app for first time purchase.I ordered 3 tacos - all were cold. Even though there was no one else in the store, and I had waited about 5 minutes for the tacos to be prepared. How do you serve cold tacos? I ate the shrimp taco (tasty even though it was cold). But I tossed the 2 breakfast tacos in the trash (one egg/cheese/bacon and one egg/cheese/chorizo). I tossed them because I just couldn't stomach eating cold breakfast tacos, with unmelted cheese sprinkled on top.Their chicken & carne asada is the most authentic flavor out there. Better than Chipotle or Qdoba.. They would've earned a five star rating if they were a little more precise with their preparation of the orders. They got my wife's order wrong twice but took care of it right away..I love district taco. It's a simpler, better quality version of the BYO taco shop. The Barbados is my go too. The employees Lisbeth and Kendall in particular make it a real treat and joy to experience this establishment! So sweet, so hard working, so wonderful!A solid three stars. 
They are better than other chain Mexican restaurants in the area and I like having the hot sauce bar but more variety would be nice. They really only have 3 choices that are repeated a few times on the bar. My go to has been the loaded nachos with the barbacoa added. But since you are adding a lot of wet elements to them if you want to have the crunch then I suggest eating them on site and not as take out.I was so pleasantly surprised to duck in Distrito Taco  on a rainy September day.  After perusing the menu it looked a bit Chipotle-ish but I was wrong... there's a lot more variety and options.
The order taker was super friendly and let me know that today they also have fish and explained all the options over the energetic crowd.  She was so friendly which in Philly was a welcome encounter 
Seating inside is a plus and the decorations and decor is lovely.  Would definitely come back.
Food was delish!I've been to district taco three times, once for breakfast tacos in DC (it was just OK) and twice to this location with my boyfriend. We have both been very disappointed with the quality of the food both times here. I have tried multiple tacos as well as the steak burrito and chicken quesadilla. All were very disappointing and not enjoyable just due to the taste. The burrito was half white rice. The meats here taste cheap and not flavorful. The vegetables are lackluster. The service has messed up my order each time resulting in additional wait times and inconvenience. After all these chances I've given District Taco, I cannot recommend it all. There are far better places for Mexican food in Philadelphia.I ordered salad with barbacoa. The salad is served in a big bowl but there's not much salad in it. The shredded beef really lacks flavor. I could only taste salt and a little bit of spicy kick. Not worth the money.
You place the order at the counter and you are given a number. Your order will be delivered to your table.
My husband had spicy shrimp tacos and he said it's pretty good. Each taco is wrapped.
There's salsa station where you can pick your own depending on the heat preference. If you want habanero you have to ask.
There's an employee who walks around passing the menu and explain the ordering process and answer questions. The manager walks around to check the customer.I don't usually eat Mexican food and I found their ordering is not so user friendly. When I said I wanted to order 2 tacos I thought I can order 2 flavors but it turned out I can only order 1 flavor. The portion of the taco is so small like a snack size. I can finish one in 2 mins. Overall the tacos taste fresh.I ordered the chicken nachos which were average ... it came with lettuce,beans,sour cream,pico de Gallo. My boyfriend ordered the chicken tacos which were average. My only compliant is the restaurant not having Crunchy shell tacos and chicken could have been white meat. It looked like dark meat chicken. No parking .My original Review was removed for some reason so ill make another one!
The actual Resturant is very nice and clean but a little odd in terms of how to Order and getting your food; they bring it out to you for some reason? 
My friend ordered a burrito and Chips with guacamole , the female register operator walked up to my friend several times to clarify the order but kept forgetting items she paid for, she got a burrito but forgot the tomato and chicken. Forgot the chips! But also forgot to bring the Guacamole! 
This Resturant makes Chipotle look like an authentic Mexican Resturant... 
Also the Chips were Very Oily and are actually very soft and chewy! Not what is desired at all!I like this place. The tacos are good, the sauces and condiment bar is good, and the employees are always polite. I have been here 4 times in the last month and am planning to visit 4 more before March is over.Really delicious fish tacos...Chorizo nachos were great. Loved the salsa bar...GREAT DELICIOUS CHOICES! Man in front of me complained the coke machine wasn't working coke was flat...they tried to fix it, but it still wasn't working by the time i got there...as it just tasted OFF...so we tried the lemonade instead.  For such a busy place, table attendant took pretty good care of the dining area...could be a little bit cleaner deep down for such a new place.  Hoping they can stay on top of it, because my hubby and I will def be back.  Easy for him to get around in his wheelchair and the staff was very friendly!  I am not a fan of Chipotle...everything tastes the same!  The flavors this place is dishing out are wonderful...They are on to something!  Can't wait to go back to try the shrimp tacos only served on certain days!I gotta say, for this place NOT being in Texas I was really impressed with the outcome. I NEVER order Tex Mex out of my home state but this was the cheapest place to eat in Downtown Philly and I am glad I came here twice! Yes! I came here two times b/c it was pretty good. Whatever you do, don't compare this place to Chipotle. It may be similar in fashion but DT is much more authentic. The food was really good and it's open pretty late. Get the burrito and stuff it all that goodness and you'll be feeling pretty good afterwards!This was a great find
quick delicious tacos downtown
looking forward to it opening in AbingtonAnother underwhelming fast casual place from DC.  Those  people will eat anything apparently.  Got an al pastor burrito and it was almost entirely lacking in flavor and took way too long since it wasn't busy at all.  They get an extra star bc I liked the salsa bar and they sell jarritos.  There are much better options.  Don't waste your money and time here.I didn't enjoy the food the staff was rude. Please hire people who want to work. The young woman calling out the numbers was extremely rude to me. I won't be going back the food is not that greatOh District Taco, I want to rate you well, but you make it so hard for me. I go to DC a lot, so I was familiar with the food at District Taco. It is pretty good, but when push comes to shove I really don't think it tastes as good as Chipotle. That being said, they do have some other options that Chipotle doesn't offer, like fish tacos. They have a salsa bar, but it seems more like a gimmick than anything else. Half of the things there (like the onion, pico, jalapeno) that they offer you can just ask for and they'll put on your food. At Chipotle you just ask for salsa and they put it on your food, so they're just giving you one more step to do for yourself, and I don't feel it benefits me much.
All of the above applies to District Taco in general. To specifically speak about the new Philadelphia location, the only thing I can really say is underwhelmed. You'd think after several weeks of being open by now they'd be able to get the kinks worked out, but it really hasn't appeared that way. I'm not sure if they can handle big lunch rushes (the aforementioned salsa bar gets empty and is neglected), and they even manage to mess up when in really slow periods too.
I've visited the new Philly location a total of four times, and of those four times in two instances the food was not cooked as requested. In two other instances, my order has inexplicably disappeared. When you order something at DT, you tell your cashier what you want and what you want on it. You pay, and then you get a receipt. A second receipt is supposed to be printed out at the serving station, but for some reason that system is not working properly (which an employee confirmed). Therefore, orders are completely being missed. I met my husband for lunch and we didn't have a lot of time. After waiting for about fifteen minutes for our food, we asked where our order was, and there was no record of it. They took our receipt and made our food (don't lose/throw away your receipt!!!). Very frustrating, because my husband had to take his food to go because of the extra wait.
I went another time, and the same thing happened again. This time one of the people behind the counter (who wasn't preparing anything, as there were no orders on the line!) asked me what order I was waiting for, because he had seen me sitting there for so long. Again, the order had disappeared from the system and they needed MY copy of the receipt in order to prepare it.
Extremely disappointing.Waited over an hour for a pick up online order. When I mentioned it to the employees the did not seem to care and were very rude. 
Bad customer service.Tried this place today. I must say I really enjoyed my food. My tacos were fresh and seasoned well. My chips and queso were very delightful. I will go back again!!!!Don't bother. 2 stars for the guacamole, which tasted fresh and flavorful- everything else was a hard pass. We ordered corn and flour shrimp tacos with "jefe" filling, steak salad, guac and chips. Placed the order online. Enter the store a few minutes after the chosen pickup time and stand by the "online order pickup here" sign...no pickup orders in sight. Went to the register and after being directed to the online order area that we just came from, they located our food by the front registers. 
On to the food: corn tacos were falling apart, with a dry taco shell that tasted as if it wasn't cooked through. The shrimp was good but the onions in the jefe were very salty. The flour tacos were okay, I guess. The salad was flavorless except for the same salty onions. The guac was as described above..it would have been even better if the chips we ordered with it had been included with our order. 
IMO, Too many misses to try again.Tried a couple of times for tacos, seems to have gotten worse in a pretty short time since opening. Salsa bar is probably best part. Except for the more interesting decor, you are better off at Chipotle or Taco Bell. Definitely not as fresh as you should expect.I tried District Taco as I was going to Theatre today and wanted to get coffee nearby on 12th street. I decided to try. I thought it was wonderful! I had vegetarian tacos. First, when you order UNO choose your meal (taco, burrito, Ensalada or Quesadilla). 
DOS choose your base. YES too it off or build your own. I chose 3 flour tortilla taco with Tea which is veggie based neat alternative the Jefe way - lettuce, pico, veggies, cheese and sour cream. I got 3 for $9. I thought they were delicious, fast service and clean restaurant. Will come back.In a nutshell, I suppose it is present if you need food and nearby restaurants are too full. 
Nice variety of things on the menu. If you get the buritto bowl its a tgood amount of food. Nice variety of salsas to choose from after you order your food. 
Food was pretty bland without the addition of extra salsa. They have a california burrito on the menu but its with potatoes and not french fries and just isn't that good. 
Its a step above taco bell I suppose, but the prices are about 10 steps higher. I won't be back.I'm in Philadelphia and the last thing I want is a taco BUT I wanted a tacos
So i think they were delicious and inventive, full flavor
. So your in Philadelphia try them.. really goodPretty decent spot to grab lunch. I was shocked at the amount of people eating lunch as late as I was (2pm) but if it's always filled with customers, it can only mean the food is great. That's why I'm giving you 4 stars, District Taco.
Three tacos, a bottle of water, and chips with guac... a little on the pricier side if you ask me, but as I had mentioned before, the food was delicious. 
I asked for 3 flour tortilla Itza tacos, which is their meat substitution, the "Jefe" way. Jefe is lettuce, pico, veggies, sour cream and cheese. 
Service at the front counter was good. The young lady was pleasant, and she repeated my order back to me. She handed me my bag of chips and water and I was given a number while I waited for my tacos. I don't remember this from the first time I visited DT a year ago, but they bring the food to your table. Going the extra mile for customers? I'll toast to that! 
The employees making my tacos forgot to include my guac for my chips, so I kindly asked the woman who brought over my tacos if my side order of guac was in the basket. It wasn't. 
She quickly went to go scoop some for me. No hesitation, and she didn't ask to see my receipt. Again, the service here was excellent. Food was on point -- just be prepared to pay a pretty penny for an entire meal. 
Worth it. I'm sure I'll be back several more times for my (late) lunches.I lived in DC over the summer and went to District taco for lunch several times. I was shocked but excited to see it on Market street in Philly! I always get the burrito bowl. I love that they  use fresh ingredients and I'm a huGe fan of the salsa bar! Great casual spot to grab a quick bite!!Very delicious nachos, got steak and they were so good. The staff was very quick tphelpand friendly. They have a good variety of salsas, some are spicy so be careful. But overall good Mexican style food.I've had better tacos at Taco Bell. Although the queso and the salsa bar is excellent. The concept is very good and the restaurant is clean but the tacos are less than average.I ordered a salad with steak and chicken.. I paid for a full portion of each. Not even close, very skimpy on the meat! They forgot to add the pico and the salad dressing (which I didn't realize until I got back to my hotel.. 15 dollars for a mediocre salad and I'm still hungry. Won't be back hereAt first 18 for a burrito and a soda sounded crazy. However, after biting into it, 18 seems reasonable but not ideal. Hence the omission of the 5th star. The food is fresh, delicious, and flavorful! Customer service leaves a bit to be desired...Stopped in for a quick, but quality dinner. I've had district taco catering. This was my first time ever going into a store.
I ordered 3 corn tacos: pollo asado, at pastor and carne asada. I ordered them the "jefe way" with lettuce, pico, veggies, cheese and sour cream. I also ordered a side of rice. The tacos were very good. The rice had some good flavor but would probably order the rice and beans next time. It was a lot of food! 
 Similar to Chipotle or Qdoba, but quality was a bit better in my opinion. I will absolutely return.Sorry to say that I was underwhelmed by the opening of District Taco!  It's not that I am some kind of taco aficionado or anything..but I do expect flavorful choices and efficient service at least!
I appreciated the order your meal and pay option, but I was not ok with the wait time for my food and I visited several times and the wait time was both long!
The food offerings were presented in a sloppy manner!  The taste of the food was average!  
Maybe these are some hiccups that can be addressed?  Hopefully, because they are in a prime location!Great tacos! The chicken was very tender and flavorful. The people working there were incredible nice and kind.
The ordering screen was rather confusing. It took me a long time to figure it out and I missed the option for the chipotle mayo somehow (but the taco was great none-the-less. I wanted to avoid dairy and onions and the interface was geared toward sets of ingredients that had these things. The individual ingredients were difficult to find. And, I ended up paying at the cashier because I couldn't find the credit card interface.
That all said, we loved it! And they admitted the interface had a learning curve.Nice place to grab a quick bite to eat, but don't feel like being waited on. Food menu is similar to a chipotle or a qdoba, and portions are very large, however I didn't think the food was as flavorful as a qdoba or a chipotle. They have a salsa bar in the back with lots to choose from which is nice. Food in general just lacks flavor and needs more seasoningFinally getting around doing a review.I ordered tacos and queso. They tasted good, but were really messy; the wrappers were soggy and the tortillas were wet. To remedy the mistake, they provided extra chips and guacamole. I recommend giving it try because it could have just been a mistake at the particular moment and the establishment had just opened this Philly location.The service is very bad, I urdestand we are in a pndemic but they have to be clean they have to hve hand sanitizers and someone to clean the table also no restroom, if they decide to open they hve to be ready like a customer to me is just laziness, is better close then give a very bad service also I ask for 3 tacos they only give 2 totally bad service.Full disclaimer: I don't dislike district tacos at all, but I don't love it either. They're totally going in my "raining day food" category which is safe to me. The food was just too salty overall and not much flavor, especially for the price. MY greedy behind ordered the fish tacos AND a chicken burrito. My burrito was actually good. Problem is I'm spoiled by all the good burritos in west philly and south philly, so nothing compares to that. 
The fish tacos weren't that good. Period. They were soggy, salty, and hard to eat somewhat. I did like how hefty they felt, and I did feel full after eating them. I just wish  they didn't put so much sauce on them and instead put the sauce on the side. Oddly enough, I'll still come back .We went last night after Flower show with our kids.  The menu is a little confusing to order.  Service however was great.  Very tasty tacos, tried, chicken adobo, barbacoa, carnitas and a rice bowl.  Server brought orders to table.  Would be nice if they included forks with dishes rather than having to get up to get them. They messed up our kids orders but were quick to correct it and immediately brought us the new correct order.  Service was fast.  Have a salsa bar.  Would definitely repeat for tasty tacos.I've been waiting for this establishment to open up ever since they put up the sign since i work right across from it i was super excited. Finally got to try their food today, I loved my California burrito. It had the right amount of ingredients. I cant wait to go back and try more things. Thank you for bringing much needed Mexican food to this neighborhood.I've tried to order from here online several times, from their website and from various apps, and each time they have cancelled my order. I've called them to get an answer and the staff didn't have an answer. Not going to bother trying another time.Omg so good, steak, slaw, guacamole, pick, garlic lime rice! Amazing! Never can go wrong at any District taco!The worst tacos I have ever had. The corn tortilla  was all broken and cracking. The meat had no flavor at all. All the sauces tasted the same. I will never step foot in that place again.Let me start by saying the guy that took my order had it all wrong, I did not notice until it was too late.
Went here seeing reviews from a few yelp members I figuring would give it a try, I ordered the three taco one shrimp the other chicken but got one with chicken and shrimp.
And ways it was a long wait to get my order.
The food was great although I need to try other menu items. 
But the four star was because my wrong order turned out to be good.District Taco is the best restaurant I have ever ate from they food is so amazing, this was was my first time visiting I smelled the food as I was walking so I decided to check it out it. First off when I walked in I got greeted with the most cheerful welcome by a girl by the name of Diane. Diane was so very helpful answered all my questions without any problems or without getting upset even talked me into getting a steak nachos bowl which is now my new favorite item ....I will be returning againI love that they serve breakfast all day; just order a bacon burrito "breakfast style"! 
THE PROS: It's no issue to add or remove items from the way listed on the menu; I did no rice, and added pico de gallo and jalapeños. Salsa bar is nice and has variety. 
THE CONS: eggs, although cooked freshly in front of me in the afternoon, were a bit rubbery. I watched some delivery guy or contractor walk through the kitchen area and just grab drinks, which I found unsanitary. 
Overall, a solid 2.5 stars but I'm feeling generous.This place is phenomenal. I think my favorite employee there is Tyree though. Always polite && explains the menu in detail. Paul is a close 2nd. Very well-mannered. Best tacos in philadelphia by far!The tacos here are pretty good. The corn tortillas is what I like most. The ingredients were fresh and flavorful. Unlike other taco places, District tacos are far more authentic. The service was friendly and the prices reasonable.This place is amazing! The customer service was phenomenal and they were more than willing to accommodate for my wife's gluten allergy. This place is amazing!The rice was undercooked and hard, the fajitas were cold and undercooked. The restaurant was understaffed probably due to covid, if the food was cooked even a little better I would have skipped the review.I ordered for lunch recently and have to say that I am thoroughly disappointed. The service itself was fast, however, the food was mediocre and unappetizing. I got a steak burrito and I wish I wasn't kidding when I say that it vaguely reminded me of a Slim Jim. The taste itself wasn't authentic either. It tasted very westernized. There are a lot of other good places around the area for tacos and and burritos.I had a horrible experience here. They did not get my orders right when I said to put the sour cream on the side. I had 7 orders and 5 of them had sour cream on it. I was walking home already when I realized that they didn't place the sour cream on the side. I was fooled. I had to go walk back and talk to them about this issue. When I asked the cashier, she said I can take with me the original tacos they gave me but a few minutes later, another person (manager?) approached me saying that they will gladly make another set of tacos which took additional 10 minutes again (all of which costs approx 20 dollars) but I cannot take with me the original messed up tacos (not sure what they are going to do with it, hopefully not throw it in the trash) . They offered me a bag of chips with guacamole which also did not taste good. I hope they fix their customer service and get the orders right.Tacos and burritos are good but bland. Very expensive for a walk up/ counter restaurant. Spent $75 for 2 adults and 2 kids. I don't dislike the food, but nothing that makes me want to go back. My husband liked the steak tacos. My son liked the chicken tacos. I liked the pulled pork burrito. Staff were nice and were wearing masks. They got our order correct.There was so much wrong with our last visit. Where to start? Taco shells were stale & ripped. Protein to rice mixture in the burrito was so off-balance... basically a rice burrito. They didn't bother to make iced tea (though the ordering system allowed me to purchase). The tables were dirty & sticky. Our order took 20 minutes! The only plus here was the folks behind the counter were friendly.Ordered district taco for a holiday party. I would consider district a step up from Chipotle for sure. The guacamole was a little too salty but the chicken made up for it because it was seasoned pretty well.Fairly new location in Philly but very similar to the one in KOP and DC. We tried the spicy burrito option and the sauce was amazing. Nice salsa bar in the bar so def grab a bag of chips. Staff was super attentive.This place is really phenomenal. My fave are the fish tacos on corn tortillas. The pico is always fresh & tastes good. Also , the employees are very friendly and helpful. Tyree , Cindy just to name a few. Way to go.This place took forever to construct here in Philly's East Market complex; the question on my mind was - worth the wait, or just another Mexi-merican joint?
You'll feel right at home here if you're used to Chipotle; it's similar, with perhaps a few extra menu options. But I'm a Chipotle fan, and I was attempting to replicate the Chipotle burrito experience and so I chose the "Build your own" burrito bowl.
Be sure to take a look at the area where they build your food, BEFORE you order; especially the meats - if you're a meat fan like I am. You can see whether the meats look fresh how they would be served. The chicken looks like a chopped combination of white & dark meat, and the shrimp looked pretty big. I was happy to see the Barbacoa lookin' moist and fresh, so I went for that.
I ordered the burrito bowl, and all the typical ingredients I get at Chipotle: white rice (garlic lime, as they call it here), grilled veggies, pico de gallo, and shredded cheese. Don't worry, they have a nice variety of salsa on the self-serve salsa bar back near the drink area. The price was pretty close to Chipotle.
The self-serve drink area is a plentiful area of tea, coffee, and a soda fountain with their particular brand of sodas. A lot of restaurants these days have steered away from the Coke & Pepsi fountains for some of the more local options, such as from the New Hope soda makers that District Taco uses.
The bowl size was huge and brought out to my table, and my tummy jumped for joy that it was about to be nicely filled up! Everything in the bowl was fresh, and the spicy salsa I added gave a great kick to the meal inside the bowl. I wish there was a greater amount of meat (barbacoa, in my case) placed in such the large bowl, rather than being so much rice, but most places just don't give the amounts that I'd prefer to have anyways.
Yeah I was pleasantly satisfied with the meal, and this is a beautiful location encased with floor-to-ceiling windows. It was rather cold inside when it was only 50 degrees outside. I do hope that District Taco's HVAC can keep customers warm enough in the winter or cool enough in the summer!
At the end of the day, District Taco was a nice, delicious take on Mexi-merican. Their website describes themselves as "Yucatan style", which I can't find a good description of what that actually means.Just ok. Got a bowl with the fish option, corn, veg, cilantro, queso, peco and the green hot sauce. Queso was pretty good, everything else was just ok. They have some special suggestions that look interesting. Ok amount for price. It was very busy at lunch. Would just get a special or chips and queso again.Classic bait and switch situation. The site was advertising free delivery, but when I went to place my order, there were no delivery drivers. When I went to try my order again, I accidentally left the pick-up option checked instead of delivery. I wasn't able to pick the order up, so I immediately called and cancelled the order. The woman I spoke with assured me that t was no problem, my order was cancelled, and that I would receive my refund within a couple of days. It has been more than 10 days now and I still haven't received my refund. Now I can't reach anyone by phone and no one is returning my correspondence through the support feature on the website. They lock their payments through their payment system, so they can't get access and aren't able to help either. Can someone please help me with my refund?3.5 if you can count the salsa bar
It's a nice touch unfortunately doesn't elevate the burrito enough.
Nice, clean and inviting decor with friendly enough staff.
I went with the Carne Asada burrito with the breakfast option that includes eggs and potatoes. I know a lil weird but I was feelin it.
Overall, burrito was just okay.
Tortilla was standard package tortilla and the taste of the meat was fair at best. Tasted marinated but not a lot of flavor.  It's a heavy burrito, mostly rice but pretty filling.
I also opted for a side of chips and guacamole.
Guacamole was best thing I got, clearly made daily as expected with good flavorings of onions, tomato and cilantro.
The salsa bar has a nice selection of various green and red salsas of varying spice levels.
This place is similar to Chipotle in style and quality with some leveling up.
I would choose this place over Chipotle most times but never over something more authentic.Updating my review of District Taco - we find this place challenged here in 2021, having been through a couple of rough years of the COVID pandemic.
The food still comes out fresh and delicious, but the salsa is much more limited - reportedly due to supply chain issues. 
Colorado was my quintessential favorite salsa, with a more tomato-based spicy heat to it; but it's been unavailable since spring of 2020. It has been the better part of a year since I've been to District Taco, since I'm not fond of the two other salsa options - the Chitomate salsa is mild and good, but a bit too salty, and I did not care for the Mestizo salsa at all. 
And not having a salsa bar available is a disappointment, when you're used to having one at a place (I skipped out on Moe's until they re-opened their salsa bar); not sure why District can't re-open its salsa bar, when other places have months ago.
Also this location always appears to be having trouble with its drink fountain. When I was here yesterday, there was no ice available due to mechanical difficulties of the unit. Previous visits the soda itself was unavailable due problems with the fountain, and past trouble with the ice unit.
Back to another bright side - the staff are still as nice and accommodating as ever, as they quickly correct anything that may have been wrong with your order; and this is a great location and beautiful interior to have a meal.
You can't go wrong for a delicious meal there; but I hope District is able to bring back the Colorado salsa, reopen the salsa bar, and get a whole new drink fountain - to help get it back on track for the future.It was okay. I guess I'm just not a huge fan when there are so many other Mexican restaurants in the area with amazing tacos.I like this place food good. Tacos and salad great! It has pulled me away from chipotle, but what's going to loose me is their system of giving people their food! One the music is absolutely too loud! You don't have a number system you calling names and confusing them in covid!  So we all walking up at the same time! Get a better system or you will loose customers I waited 22 min for 3 tacos that's crazy I'm my book. Product is good  delivery if food needs to be better!Got a chicken salad bowl here last night and have been struggling with bad food poisoning since late last night. Can't keep anything down. Out of all the places in the city I have are in, this is my first food poisoning! Needless to say, I won't be back.I missed my bus, I was RAVENOUS and desperately looking for something substantial that was vegetarian and gluten free and I found District Taco, like an oasis in the desert. This place was everything I needed and more! Kendell at the register was kind, funny and helpful. The bowls are HUGE and SO Affordable! Delicious veggie alternative, homemade salsa bar and they did not skimp on the guacamole.  I am THRILLED. THANK YOU!Staff were great..food was just ok, guac lacked flavor. Ordered 3 tacos carne asada, chorizo and shrimp...Carne was the best..had a nice flavor...Just picked up here for dinner and ordered 3 fish tocos. I'm vegetarian (haven't eaten meat in many years) and ended up with 1 fish toco and 2 beef. I was the only person there so it's not like they messed my order up with someone else. 
Wonder if it had something to do with me being a police officer in uniform...pretty good. only reason im docking a star is cuz they got the meat in one of my tacos wrong but it was still good so i dont care. good place if youre looking for easy tacosThis was the most disgusting food. We ordered the steak tacos, chips, guac and queso. Everything was awful. We threw it out. Gross! What a waste of money.I was searching for apartments in the area and needed a quick bite before I headed to my next appointment. It's your basic fast casual fare, tacos aren't special, but they are pretty quick. I wouldn't return, there are far too many places in the city for a good taco.