The mushroom quesadilla was the best one I tried in my life. Very fresh ingredients and crispy. Tofu burrito was good. We also had a shrimp cocktail mix with guacamole which was out of this earthSeating was horrible: We came in without a reservation into a half full restaurant and were tried to seated three times: 1st direct at the exit, 2nd into the beetle and 3rd at the bar. The waitress promised us that she'll seat us to an appropiate table on the 2nd floor within 20-30 minutes. After one hour we ordered some nachos at the bar which came fast and were delicious. We've never seen the waitress again during 2 hours although about 10 or 12 tables around us weren't occupied.I had heard great things about Distrito so I was dying to go!  Overall I had a great time.  I was kind of disappointed that we went during dining days because we were only allowed to order off of that menu, which was fine, but there were other dishes that I had wanted to try and they were not available.  For the first course we had gauc, shrimp ceviche, and a tostada.  The tostada was just alright but the gauc was good as well as the ceviche!  I was hesitant to try a shrimp ceviche but the flavor was awesome!  Then for our second  course we had mahi tacos, the mushroom flatbread, and the scallops.  I was extremely disappointed in the scallops.  They were not that flavorful at all.  The tacos were awesome and the flatbread was amazing because I am a sucker for any truffle and mushroom combination.  For drinks we had a watermelon marg as well as a pineapple and a glass of red sangria.  I would not reccommed the sangria.  The watermelon marg was awesome but the pineapple one was amazinggg!!  I am a hardcore margarita fan and I am also extremely picky.  They were perfectly light and refreshing without being too sweet.  I hate sweet things or anything fake.  To end we both had the chocolate dessert which was so yummy.  I would love to go back again and try more off of the regular menu.  All of the staff were very nice as well.  Service was good not great but we had an awesomeee time!!To be honest, I expected very little from this place and was completely put off by the gaudy decor, but the food made up for it all.
They had some very interesting dishes, but still stuck to the tradition in a lot of ways.  The margaritas are really good, but not the best I've ever had (try whatever marg flavor they have for the day - the fruit flavors are delicious!). I really enjoyed the yellowtail tacos and tuna ceviche and my friend ordered the "District Chicken", which smelled oustanding. The meat was juicy with a crispy spicy sauce on the outside. The yuca fries were really crispy and more starchy in the middle than the one's I've had at other places. All in all - defintely a great find! I wish my stomach was bigger so I could try more :-/
The service was good, the place is gigantic (great for a birthday dinner!) and the location is fairly convenient for U.City kids. Prices are a bit high, but you're paying for atmosphere, quality and the portion size (which is generous).
Note - I didn't get to try it, but the chips and guac on the table next to us looked good and I remember hearing "mmm's" coming from their table.I would really love to say that I liked this place, but I can't.  There is no question that the decor is sweet.  We sat in a huge wrap around wicker booth which was super cute, but am I here for the seating or the food?  We were a party of 5 and had the tasting menu, but I felt like it was the tasting menu for 2.  When someone pays over $300.00 for a meal, I feel like you should get more than a tiny bite of something. One tiny flat bread for 5 people...come on!  All that being said, the coffee is to die for...the end!Got a chance to finally try Distrito as a part of the University City Dining Days.  With a 7:30 reservation in hand for a Sunday night we were ready to go.  
The Great:  All of our food was flavorful and the portions were a perfect size.  I left dinner full but not disgustingly full.  Some highlights for me were the esquites, the guacamole (I love guac with big chunks), the fried plantains, and the chicken tacos.
The A-OK:  Had a 7:30 reservation and had to wait about 15 minutes for a table, which is fine but the restaurant did not look that busy.  The service was also disjointed at times, entrees came out while we were still working on apps, one of our entrees came out way before the rest.  
Overall a great meal, great ambience in the restaurant.  The shortcomings on the service end make me err away from a higher rating.Sorry but I think this place suffers from University City grade inflation.  While the idea of Mexican "tapas" is novel, it's not my idea of proper Mexican food.  The portions were small, expensive and left me hungry.  The sangria pitchers were expensive and small. The minimalist/modern restaurant decor seemed dated and the overall dining experience was not worth the price of admission.  This might work for a college student looking to impress his date but for grownups, unless you had your stomach recently stapled, I would pass on the hyped cuisine of chef Jose Garces.If you're expecting the traditional Taco joint menu, go elsewhere. Distrito is my favorite Mexican option in Philly. Great food and drinks in a really fun atmosphere. 
This place is not for everybody. Its bright, its loud, and its young. Don't bother going here if you're expecting a good value. Distrito is probably a bit overpriced, but its worth it. On the downside, the service can be a bit unreliable, and the layout is a little too big for my liking.  
Overall, its definitely worth the trip.The food here was great, a very special treatment of a lot of standard mexican food. The atmosphere was a little more casual than some of Garces's other restaurants, I wish the price was a little more casual though.Debated whether or not to give 4 or 5 stars, but finally convinced myself that our overall experience was worth 5.
We went as a party of 10, and made reservations, however they gave us 2 separate tables that were not close enough for us. After requesting a different table, at first they didn't want to accommodate, however they did finally give us a table for all of us after making us wait another 20 minutes or so.
Aside from this one hiccup, the rest of the evening was actually quite enjoyable. First off, I have to mention, that the house margaritas are killer! I would definitely recommend ordering a few glasses, or better yet a few pitchers, to go with your meal!
The food is tapas style, and it is meant to be shared. 90% of our group was vegetarian (I was the only holdout lol), so we got double orders of chips & guacamole and the veggie nachos for appetizers. The guacamole was very good, clearly freshly made and very tasty. But the best appetizer was without a doubt the nachos. They come out piping hot and full of flavor, with a great assortment of veggies! Vegetarian or not, order these and you won't regret it!
We had so many dishes for dinner, I can't really remember them all, but in all honesty I decided to order a few meat based dishes for myself. I got the carnitas (pork) tacos, and the queso fundido (with duck barbacoa). The carnitas tacos sounded enticing because of the pineapple salsa, but to be honest this was not very noticeable. All in all a good taco, but got kind of soggy so I would suggest a hard shell for this...But the queso fundido was outstanding! The meat was tender, and the overall dish was perfectly spiced!
On top of the great food, the service was top quality. Our waiter was very patient, which is important when you are a group of 10, and everything came out as ordered in a timely manner. Can't wait to go back and try different stuff (fyi, they have one table that is a "car", might want to look into reserving that if you are a group of 4 or less)Amazing food, great service, small portions. This is a hot spot in Philly so I recommend that tourists give it a try. You won't be disappointed!I went last night (a Sunday) during University City Dining days. This is a local 2-week long "restaurant Week" promotion. I don't think the regular menu was available, you might want to call and check. The special included 4 small plates and a tiny desert per person for $30. It was definitely enough food! Everything was good, especially the shrimp civiche and the scallops, and the pana cotta dessert. ( I will be attempting these dishes at home!) Overall, it was a good value for a very nice dinner, but I'm not sure if I would go if there wasn't a special, the regular prices are rather steep for small plates. The drinks were also very nice, not too sweet, and fresh juices.
PS. We saw Jose Garces and his family eating dinner on our way out:)Didn't taste like Mexican food at all, service not that good. Cool for drink tho babe guessDisclaimer: I don't like Mexican food.
That being said, I went to Distrito with my bf who loves Mexican food. I was expecting a more Tex Mex menu. Boy was I mistaken. This is authentic Mexican food that just wasn't my cup of tea.
The guacamole and crab was average. The crab tasted frozen and the taste of freezer burn can ruin anything. The plates were super super tiny and very expensive. When our food finally came it was all extremely spicy. As someone who can't handle too much spice I couldn't eat half of my dishes.
The service was lacking and after taking our initial order, our waiter never came to check on us once. We flagged him down to get my leftovers wrapped and to grab our check.
The ambiance is cool. There's a fifties drive-in movie style car that you can actually eat in. I would definitely recommend this place for a date or a girl's night out with fruity cocktails. Their margaritas are tasty!I wanted to check out this Garces restaurant.  While dining with my friend Matt, we went to check out his Mexican tapas venture.  The meal is good, but doesn't blow one away.  To add to the average dining experience, the decor of the entire place is quite kitschy.
Even though the portions are pretty small, they're also pretty filling.  The food doesn't come out as quickly as I'd like; dinner took about 90 minutes and we were often sitting without any food on the table.
Overall, the dishes are hit or miss.  For the chips and guacamole, the chips were far too salty and I've had better guac from the grocery store.  We ordered two ceviches, and neither were as acidic as they should be.  I believe ceviche should have a noticeable citrus base, and the shrimp and octopus didn't really.  I still enjoyed the octopus, but the shrimp is a miss.
The fruit salad with lemon sorbet was pretty solid, and overall, the mains were good.  The mahi tacos has great, slightly smokey flavor.  The chorizo fundido is a cheesy mess that you place on small tortillas, again, pretty good.  
The best part of the entire meal was the mushroom flatbread, and it's the only thing I ate that left a lasting impression.  Dessert was fine but forgettable.
Beer here is disappointing.  They have about five drafts, but two were kicked, and charging $6 for Dos Equis and a dollar less for Corona bottles is is huge stretch.  
Bottom Line: The meal was pretty good, and the service was good too.  I just can get better food at at better price a few other places.  I enjoyed dinner but don't see myself ever visiting again.This was our favorite restaurant during a recent trip to Phiilly. We are big fans of Iron Chef Jose Garces so had to try some of his many establishments in Philly. Our only regret was that we only ate here once. I dimed here with husband and college-aged daughters and we all loved  the food and the unique decor. 
We started with drinks and guacamole at the bar (since it was still happy hour) and then moved to one of the large wicker booths.  We loved the colors and design of this unique place. It reminded me of a Barbie  house with the bright pink, beads and other whimsical touches like the swings!  
The food was more than a match for the original decor. Amazing course after course of wonderful small plates. Hard to pick a favorite but the Kobe beef tacos were amazing as we're the short rib and mushroom huaraches (flatbreads), the arroz con creama and the. Only item I would have skipped was the ceviche....good but not outstanding. 
We decided to go for dessert, even though we were stuffed as it sounded too good to pass up and it was! We shared tres leche cake, flan and churros (excellent but nothing can beat the churros at XOCO in Chicago).
Wish we had time to come back here for another meal. Well done Jose!!The family and I had dinner here after my brother-in-law's graduation from Dental School. This was a very cool place to have a celebratory dinner. The wait was not bad for our party of 10 on a Friday night and the staff were quick and helpful. it was tapas style so we ordered a number of items and shared them. Everything was delicious and beautiful. We also ordered pitchers of margarita which was very tasty. By the time we were done we were stuffed and the bill was ridiculously high, but how many times will the family get together to celebrate something so cool? The location is a bit away from the main city and we had a cab it out there then walked it back (since we ate so much) but clearly regretted it when we got home (it is a very long walk but can be done). The place itself is decorated very cool and festive. I would only go here for special occasions due to the prices but it is definitely enjoyable all around.Amazed that there are so many good reviews. Two of our four orders yesterday were inedible. The shrimp was somehow mealy/fishy which I've never encountered anywhere else before. I rarely write reviews but this was such a disappointment I had to share.Try:
CHILANGO CHOP SALAD
Chicken, Chihuahua Cheese, Epazote, Red Chili Sauce enchiladas
refried beans (FRIJOLES REFRITOS)
PLÁNTANO Y CREMA
tacos
Skip:
flan
guacamole (i'm not a fan of their chips; too thick and not very flavorful)
- there is needless sour cream and cheese on everything.  def can't hold a candle to rosa mexicana, pampano or baby bo's in manhattan.  more on par w/ dos caminos.  even the salsa is too watery and has too much lime in it.The atmosphere is exciting and exotic, the service is friendly and fun, and the drinks are dangerously delicious. If that is what you appreciate on a dining night out, than you're in for a treat at Distrito. Yet, if you are a foodie (like myself) and weigh your experience heavily on meals, anticipate disappointment. Easily put, Jose Garces' meals offer nothing beyond your familiar mexican flavors. Dynamic plating and riveting descriptions may fool some diners, but the lackluster flavors and greasy after tastes of most of his dishes won't be missed by those paying attention to their meal.Service was very prompt and our server was very friendly. 
My wife and I ordered about 5 different taco plates and shared them. (I really like tacos so I ended up eating most of them). Also ordered their guacomole which was outstanding. 
The tacos were all good, but I wasn't floored by any of them. I'm a huge fish taco fan and I felt that these were lacking. They had a very thick breading when compared to other fish tacos i've had. Including the fish tacos at the Distrito Taco Truck in Revel Casino (Which are a 10/10 btw). 
I wish there was a 3.5 star option b/c I don't think 3 is high enough and 4 is being too generous. I recommend the place but I definitely wouldn't say it's my best taco dining experience.Super funky place! Interesting and fun decor. Ok food. Tapas style.This place is always a solid choice.  I had some friends in from out of town and decided upon Distrito as it accommodates larger groups.  The atmosphere is very unique and really adds to the experience.
All the food we ordered was on point and very tasty.  Service was great.  I'll be back.Went here as a part of University City Dining Days and was very impressed! The only other Jose Garces restaurant I've been to was Tinto and I definitely liked this more. Very cool place and the atmosphere was very fun. I
I started off with two plates of ceviche. Both were incredible. The hamachi had a nice sweet taste while the pulpo and some spice to it. I also ordered the enchilada de cangrejo and hamachi taco. The enchilada was good but I wasn't crazy about the taco. Probably because the hamachi was fried and I don't care for fried fish.
Their sangria was fair, but a little too watered down. For dessert, I ordered the flan. It was tiny, but that was probably for the better after all I had eaten.I didn't think that much of Distritos.  I think if my table had been seated in the VW bug that would have earned them one more star for novelty alone, but overall i thought it was unnoteworthy.  
The food was fine, and the service was pretty good.  They really pushed the tasting menu on us, but ultimately we chose our own plates a la carte.  I'm glad we did so as we didn't need nearly as many plates for a solid dinner as the server had told us we would.  
I went with friends on a weeknight who were visiting from out of state.  The atmosphere wasn't that fun.  Sure, they have some neon lights, but the place just didn't have much personality.  Maybe it was just the time of the week, but on this particular Thursday evening in December 2011, the place was swimming with middleaged folk; I guess its a go-to for the out-of-town business crowd.  Just not what I was expecting.$15 lunch special which includes app + entree and ice tea.
Got the salad as an app which was pretty good.
I got the chorizo tacos and my friend got the mahi mahi tacos. They were so small and only came with 2. The chorizo tacos was nothing special. The chorizo was dry, which I've never experienced before.
I've had better and larger tacos at more authentic places (in South Philly) for the same price of $6 (and it usually comes with 3 tacos).
The mahi mahi tacos had a bit of slaw on top of a fried piece of fish and a slice of avocado. Definitely not worth the price tag.
Not impressed at all.First off, I have to say that I am shocked that I have to write a negative review of this place. 
I've been to Distrito for dinner once before, a few years back when the paint was still wet...and the service was fantastic.  Jose Garces' establishments have an incredible reputation and it absolutely exceeded my expectations.
Now, last Saturday, after many missed opportunities, I was finally able to go back for dinner for University City Dining Days. The bf and I have been lacking quality time together lately and thought Distrito would be the perfect backdrop for our romantic date night.  We made an 8:30 pm reservation and got dressed to. the. nines.  I rarely dress up, but this was a special night!
We got to Distrito a little before 8:30 and I excitedly greeted the host.  The place was buzzing but not to the point of a frenzy and we were asked to wait a few minutes.  Another woman came and sat us down; we literally walked 4 steps and were at our table.  Huh, what?!  THIS is  the table we had to wait for?  And of course we had the pleasure of admiring other couples walking in, dressed up like us, but being escorted upstairs to the swinging chairs and other fun things.  I had a view of the staircase and my bf had a view of the slop sink.  Atmosphere! 
Now the food:  It was fantastic.  We loved the ceviche, the guac, the chicken enchilada, the mushroom flatbread, and the plaintains!  The carnitas tacos were a bit dry and the "pork rinds" weren't my favorite. The desserts were tiny yet delicious.
Drinks:  They were just okay.  He had the cucumber house margarita that was very tasty, and I had the watermelon...but they were both watered down.  I followed up with a sangria that was very basic...I've had better sangria at Public House.  
Maybe I'm wrong, but I thought Distrito was all about atmosphere?  For a 3 dollar sign establishment, I expect a lot more: excellent service and top-notch drinks.  .  Perhaps they are more laid back in the summer months since school's out, but I will not be coming back any time soon.  We'll have to try again elsewhere for a nice summertime romantic dinner.The food is definitely overpriced. Complimentary chips and salsa, a Mexican restaurant staple, is not a thing here. Our order was messed up. Drinks infrequently refilled. Took a long time to get the check. Food was pretty good. Nevertheless, will not return nor recommend.Tacos are great! Taco tuesday is a great deal if you get the mahi mahi tacos (which are normally an extra dollar from the other choices). I've tried the chicken, ropa vieja, and mahi mahi and the fish is definitely my favorite. If you like a bit more spice and flavor go with the ropa vieja.
Chips and guac are good too, but nothing to write home about.
Service is pretty fast, though I haven't been there during peak hours. One time we were in a rush so we told the waitress and our food and appetizers were out within 10 minutes.Very trendy!! You walk in and see Mexican masks on the walls. The bar looks like a disco and deco is loud. The drinks are amazing but the mushroom tacos are better. Love the food here but is is not real Mexican. I love it but it is out of my stomping grounds by a few blocks so I do not come often as I like.Yes- this is my first 5 star!! Finally I felt i had a perfect dining experience, and again it was delivered by Jose Garces. After dining at Tinto, we decided to try Distrito's happy hour after receiving a good recommendation from our server. The decor here is awesome, and as mexican as you can get. Painted pink with great tabletops (see photo) and cool comfy chairs. I could see the wall with all the wrestler's masks as you went up the stairs (we didn't) and there's even an old beetle (mexico city's staple cabs, like NYC's crown vic's). Again, we were seated promptly and our server Brian was right there to explain the concept of the restaurant, which serves modern mexican food in small plates (again, well trained on the concept and explanation of all dishes and drinks). Great value on the happy hour menu, we ordered $3 Modelo Especial and started out with three dishes. The guacamole with cotija cheese and chips, the mahi mahi tacos and the chorizo fundido. The guacamole was fresh and tasty, and the chips were also fresh. The mahi mahi was a beautifull dish, with pickled cabbage and an avocado slice, but most importantly, FRIED fish, not grilled. Fried is definitely the way to go with fish tacos and these delivered, AMAZING! and next came the chorizo fundido, a little cast iron pot with bubbly cheese covering the most delicious mexican chorizo and peppers i have tasted in my life (mind you my first job was at a mexican taqueria, i had to make the stuff every day), it came with small flour tortillas and you made your own. By this point, believe it or not, we're almost feeling full, and we made the mistake of ordering off the regular dinner menu, but by mistake, i mean we went overboard; we ordered the huaraches, mexican flat breads with an array of toppings, I ordered the duck and manchego and my wife ordered the hongos (mushroom) and truffles and they were both so good that we almost ate the whole things, before stopping ourselves to avoid death by overeating! We took the rest back to our hotel and when i woke up, there was only a little bit left (my wife had the rest for breakfast). Overall a fantastic experience, which earned  5 stars hands down!I love the interiors! Distrito seems really vibrant and fun. I have tried this place out a couple of times and haven't been disappointed. They serve a traditional Mexican soda drink called Harritos I would recommend trying the Grapefruit flavor. I got the sweet plantains, chips with guacamole, mushroom flatbread. Instead of ordering traditional dessert like Churros I would suggest their hazelnut chocolate ice cream which to die for  Distrito is slightly on the pricier side however there portions make up for itDistrito has great mexican food with such a fun and cool vibe.  We have been there a few times. The first time we sat in a table upstairs and I thought it was kind of pricey, so we vowed that we would return and sit in the bar area downstairs. The bar area downstairs has the same feel as upstairs, except that bar menu is a lot cheaper.  Happy hour m-f 5-7.  Pork carnitas are a must. 
This is a good place for: happy hour, date night, birthday dinner, bachelorette party... 
If you like distrito, then you will love la calaca feliz, which I prefer...Went here for University City Dining Days, and it was pretty fun. For five people, with the $30 course menu and multiple drinks per person, it came out to around $250 plus tip, which was pricey, but still worth it for the quality of the food and the atmosphere, which was really, really noisy, but a lot of fun. I would definitely go back but would be more selective about what I ordered. Our waiter was pleasant and willing to put up with a lot of questions and the kitchen was pretty accomodating to some members of our party who were vegans and vegetarians.
As I said, it was worth it almost just for the atmosphere. All of the food was presented in such a cute, stylish way, and the swing booths and huge rattan-looking booths tucked into the corner and the wrestling masks made the whole thing just really fun.
The food I ordered was:
1st course:
Guacamole - it was good, nothing special. I probably shouldn't have gotten it and instead gone for something more adventurous, but I was in the mood for some chips and guac, and this more than sufficied. The chips were good but realllllly salty.
Octopus ceviche - this may have been tied for my favorite dish of the night! Gorgeously presented in a glass with the thin strips of octopus radiating up the sides, dotted with thinly sliced serrano chiles and garnished with lime and micro cilantro. The texture wasn't chewy, just delicious.
2nd course:
Queso fundido - This dish was incredibly rich but somehow managed to combine all of my favorite things---I was just too full after it to eat anything else! It comes out in a little dish, piping hot: pulled barbecued duck with green peppers and onions, covered in delicious, melted, broiled cheese, and a little basket of warm tortillas to scoop all of it into. Oh man. Heaven in your mouth.
Chicken enchiladas - They were good, nothing spectacular. I was really too full to enjoy them properly.
Dessert: Tres leches. This was, as people have noted, really more of a mousse, but it was still fantastic, and really rich. I could only eat a bite or two of it before giving the rest to a friend, which was a shame! It somehow managed to combine a few different textures into a mound the width of a dollar coin, with some of it smooth, some of it grainy, and all of it chocolatey as hell. It was accompanied by a mouth puckeringly-tart fruit reduction of some kind, and chopped tropical fruit on top that offered a nice counterpoint to all that richness. 
For drinks, I  had the house margarita and the frozen watermelon margarita, both of which were tasty and not watered down in the least. We had late reservations, around 8:15, and though we were seated later than that, we weren't rushed out even though we weren't done eating until around 10:30. The waiter definitely let us take our time and was very patient.
All in all, I had a great time with friends, great food, and if I ever have the money to spare, I'll definitely be coming back here again.Enjoyed brunch here today with the wife and son.  Both went with the enchiladas - some of the best I've ever had.  Huge thumbs up to the Margaritas - esp the Distrito!!  Can't wait to try some other Garces establishments.Stick with the Iron Chefs, the Food Network knows what it's doing.  Went here to take advantage of the $15 lunch special and it certainly was special.  
The ambiance is really, well, PINK.  Our table seemed to be made out of gold glitter and the chairs were woven out of multi-colored plastic rope.  I was instantly at ease.  
For $15, you get a choice of appetizer and entree with unlimited soda or iced tea.  The waiter messed up my soup order, so I got to try both the watermelon/tomato gazpacho and the pumpkin soup.  Both were delicious, but the gazpacho with lump crab meat was more subtle and hit the right balance of pre-dessert sweet.  For my entree, I got the forest mushroom and truffle flat bread.  It was luxurious and aromatic, but also well-portioned and hearty enough for lunch.  
I thoroughly enjoyed my first time at Distrito and will definitely go again for a very well-thought out and delightfully pink dining experience.Distrito is my go-to restaurant for dates or treating friends from out of town. Crotchety, boring diners won't appreciate the Pepto Bismol pink walls, glittery gold tabletops, and lucha libre masks studding the walls but it creates a visually stimulating environment and makes for great conversation. I love watching people's faces when they step into the restaurant- shock/confusion/amusement. 
The "modern Mexican" style is one of my favorites. Everything is tapas style and yes, you will need about 3-4 plates. Usually, I get the Camarones ceviche which is loaded with avocado and pretty refreshing. The tamales are cooked nicely and accompanied with juicy pork. The queso fundido is another one of my favorites- a must for cheese-lovers like myself. The margaritas are all very tasty albeit overpriced for frozen cocktails. 
I have an insatiable sweet tooth and am usually disappointed with the dessert selections at such restaurants. But Distrito's array of goodies is really suberb. The churros are nice and crispy, the panna cotta with fruits and granola is excellent, but my favorite is the flan. It is served with tiny almond cakes, the most succulent mango pieces, and my favorite, dulce de leche. Perfection.
If you are penny-pinching, yes, Distrito will probably disappoint you. Some dishes/drinks are very overpriced but you can kind of gauge the portions and see which ones are most cost-efficient. I will continue to come back here as long as Distrito exists. My fav of the Garces group.I ate here today slightly on the drunk side (Erin express did me in) but I have to say that it was mighty tasty and an overall great experience.  We had the nachos encarnación (steak), lengua tacos (beef tongue- my fav), carnitas tacos, shrimp ceviche, queso fundido (duck) and esquites (corn with queso).  Everything was plated beautifully, well-seasoned, and had its own distinct flavors.  Living in LA, I've grown an affinity to good Mexican and these were on par with some of the better meals I've had over there, at a slightly higher price of course.
Distrito, you have my thumbs up!A restaurant with great food where you can sit on SWINGS that has a hidden kareoke room ? SIGN ME UP. 
the food is OUTSTANDING.  Especially the Enchilada de Pollo 
the yellow fin tuna ceviche will send you to heaven and back 
and the tres leches to finish off with will just complete the picture.  
Its great for groups, and also great for a date
the bathrooms are....interesting.Distrito seems to me like a fine tuned Steven Starr joint. If that means nothing to you imagine over the top flashy decor, upbeat loungy music, bathrooms worth a conversation, and themed food tuned down to appeal to the masses. Service is knowledgeable but at times can be unattentive. The food is all really tasty, especially the mexican pizzas and tacos. One major critique of mine is the food always seems to be slightly under salted. I think when Distrito first opened they received too many complaints about over salting, and now they don't add any. So the food is usually perfect for me but I have to ask for a salt shaker. Overall it is a fun place to go with a group and drink and have fun light versions of Mexican food in a upbeat; bright space.if this place is being cheesy on purpose..
than bravo...lots of mismatched decor with hints of fluorescent..
and who could forget the never ending display of nacho libre playing on a huge film projector..
it was interesting to have a salad served to me with ice cubes in it..and then realizing the ice cubes were the dressing..so as it was melting it covered the salad...
the corn was neat and sweet to eat...served in a cup and cut up..kinda losing its novelty of picking your teeth using both your hands..
the chicken was flavorful..
the pizza not so good...
and the fish tacos..delightful!Distrito is a stylishly decorated restaurant with a lot of space. They have a pretty big bar downstairs and a big area to sit and eat upstairs. As you go up the steps you see luchador masks adorning the walls, which always makes me think  of Jack Black for some reason. There's a lot of lime/light green and pink, which I don't get but I guess it works. And yes there is a table with a VW bug interior in it downstairs.
The food here really isn't traditional Mexican, but more Mexican inspired. That being said, it's delicious. I have never truly had anything bad here. 
The guacamole is truly delicious. However it is expensive so be forewarned. Is it worth it? Probably, but at $10, its on the edge. Similarly the Ignacio nachos are really good and loaded. But at $9 its also on the expensive side for nachos.  
They had a lobster soup that was delicious, even after it was made vegetarian for my girlfriend. She loved it. I barely got a word in edgewise while she finished the soup.
Something to note is that the portions of the main menu items are not real big. It's kind of like Mexican tapas. So its best to order more than one dish and share.
My favorites from the main menu include the Los Hongos huarache, which is a pizza like creation with mushrooms, black truffles, corn, and cheese on it. It's ridiculously good. So much so that I ended up finishing my girlfriends portion when she couldn't eat anymore the first time. I actually liked it more than the Chilango, which had chorizo and ham on it. I also like the carnitas tacos. There's a lot of flavor packed into them, although they are on the small side.
The service is always very attentive and the food comes out at a decent pace. They servers were very helpful in trying to find vegetarian dishes that my girlfriend could eat. 
Overall the flavors you get here are really worth the price tag. I don't go here very often, but I savor each trip.Mediocre food. The over salted bland salsa and guacamole with no cilantro did not hit the spot for me. Mediocre service with the reminder by the server that gratuity was not include in the bill was an absolute crass gesture.I went without a reservation, and so the only free seating was the bar. Nevertheless, the ambiance was awesome and the service great! Can't say I loved the fake scorpions on the bar, but that's OK.
If you go for a light meal and go along with the tapa theme properly, you will not spend a lot of money and will not be upset by small portion sizes. I personally love tapa style restaurant so I enjoyed it!
The tacos, mahi mahi and chicken were great. Guac was really good too! I also had the esquite which was good, but not really my style.
Overall, a really good meal! Just not quite 5 stars for me.Brunch with good friends in a VW Taxi Cab turned restaurant booth. What more can you ask for??
Will revisit for lunch or dinner soon!
Great service and fun environment.I was disappointed with our visit this time around. We've been to Distrito multiple times because we love the food. Unfortunately, we came in to find the menu has changed, they no longer serve refried beans, (which were truly a great companion to any taco or burrito) some other food items were changed but that's what got my attention. In addition, we love the Jefe margarita drink. We ordered it as usual and the bartender took forever to make our drink, sadly, when we got it the glass was literally half empty. I was so upset. The waiter also took a really long time. Maybe he was new or stressed, but he was nice.Overall, it was okay but I expected much more. 
Best dish: Esquites, aka spicy corn sundae. 5 stars! Amazing balance of sweet from the corn, salt from the cheese, spicy from the chipotle sauce. Wow, you gotta order this one.
Pulpo ceviche (3 stars): Five thin slices of octopus for $12, that's rough. Decent but lacked depth and complexity.
Lengua tacos (4 stars): Great beefy flavor, solid portion size all things considered. Bargain at only $7 if you love beef tongue! 
Short rib huarache (3 stars): Tasty and tender pork but too greasy, too cheesy. You pretty much are ordering pizza on a tortilla, the term "flatbread" is a bit misleading.
Mexico City style quesadilla (3 stars): Didn't necessarily taste bad but was quite bland ... needed hot sauce for sure. Nothing special.
Guacamole (4 stars): Smooth, creamy, tasty. Could have used a bit more jalapeno and cilantro but that's just my personal taste.
I wouldn't mind giving Distrito another try, but I'd probably focus in on the tacos instead of bouncing around the menu on expensive mediocrity.I was fully expecting a slightly overpriced and kitschy but fun experience, but this turned out to be truly awful. goes without saying that the portions are small, but some of the dishes were downright bad tasting. the rabbit mole in particular was a huge disappointment, with a bland light orange sauce and insipid dried out meat. rice was horribly overcooked (really egregious) and the 9 dollar margarita consisted of a (smallish) shot of tequila accompanied by a jarritos soft drink. Don't waste your time.I've been here three times now, and the food is both consistent and delicious. They have a pretty good deal for lunch, two courses for $15. The portions are on the smaller side, and the prices are slightly more expensive a la carte, but well worth it.
Enjoyed both the camarones ceviche (Shrimp, avocado, tomato) and the carnitas tacos (pulled pork, black bean, pineapple). Nice place for lunch or dinner in University City.my first and last experience at Distrito for sure! If you are considering this restaurant be prepared to pay a hefty some for a few morsels of food...My experience was worsened when my girlfriends food came out all wrong, then instead of remaking her order the cook clearly scraped the rejected toppings off of her dish and claimed to have remade it!Well first I didn't get along with the pink,  though it could have been fine. Mainly because I am not a interior designer, but anyways I thought the lighting from the signs over the bar ruined everything. I felt like I was sitting out side of genos or pats. As for the food the chips weren't fresh which is kind of confusing, but everything else I loved. Drinks and food I'd give a soft 7. Just looked cheap, and not authentic, not a place I'd really tell someone to go too.Just came here for brunch at 1 pm today and it was absolutely fantastic.
My parents and I are all coffee addicts, and we were all obsessed with the Jose Garces blend (enough so I'm going to pick some up at GTC) to start. Then, I got the guac and chips for the table (excellent!) and my mom got the salad. The salad with pecans was tasty, but not super memorable. My dad had the tortilla soup, which he enjoyed.
Now, the second course was amazing. I had the torta de huevos which was very filling and delicious. My mom literally raved about her huevos rancheros; she's not usually a fan of huevos rancheros but she is now a believer. My dad had the steak and eggs which he enjoyed as well. 
Our service was pretty good (coffee, etc refilled often and not overly aggressive) and the decor, of course, is definitely off the beaten path. A hit, and I'd definitely recommend it for a lowkey, tasty brunch.This place was great and I'm so glad after reading the reviews I knew that I was walking into a tapas style restaurant, not a normal restaurant!  We had a great waiter that explained the menu and the process to us.  The portions are small and he encouraged us to get at least 2-3 dishes per person and to share.  Price wise it can start adding up when you order a bunch of dishes  Of course when you don't order alcoholic drinks and you order a normal amount of dishes and don't go overboard, then it's not going to cost anymore then going out to a nice restaurant.  My husband and I decided to start with 4 dishes and the waiter said if we were still hungry we could of course order more.  He also said if he thought we were ordering too much he'd let us know, which i appreciated.  4 dishes with no alcoholic drinks came out to just under 40 dollars and we left stuffed.  You don't get the average chips and salsa on the table, but they do place peanuts with some spicy lime tasting seasoning on the table to munch on.  My husband loved them, but they were a little too spicy for me.  They brought out one dish at a time, overlapping one another so it didn't overwhelm us.  It was fun.  The queso fundido was to die for!!!!!  Gooey cheese with pulled duck underneath?  Need I say more?  Next we got the carnitas, which were pulled pork tacos with a wonderful pineapple salsa.  The pork was just a little dry, but the salsa and lime gave it the moistness it needed.  We then got the costillas huaraches, which is like a flat bread pizza.  It had the softest short rib, 3 chile BBQ, queso mixto, poblano crema and radish - awesome!!  The last thing we had was the poblano mole, which was duck with a traditional mole.  My husband is a huge fan of mole sauce and he thought it was pretty good.  It wasn't as strong as other mole's he's had, but I didn't hear him complaining.  The decor was really fun and quirky.  Upstairs is where we ate in the lounge d/t not having reservations.  We went on a Friday, so I recommend making reservations for the weekend!  They have a huge screen upstairs and at the time it was playing the 3 amigos.  As you're walking upstairs, there's a massive wall full of luchador masks.  It was a cool touch.  We had a great experience and would eat here again in a heartbeat.Food was wonderful, inventive, and delicious.  I was forced to write this after reading other bad reviews on the food - you people need to go back to Olive Garden.  This was awesome.
I rate my satisfaction with the food slightly lower Amada, higher than Chifa, and I have not been to Tinto yet.  Each of his restaurants has been a very pleasurable dining experience.  I am often surprised with the flavor combinations.  Not all please me to the same degree, but each carry merit on their own.Came in at 5pm when it had just opened for dinner. I asked the hostess to seat my party of 3 upstairs for dinner and she refused repeatedly with attitude. How can one not have tables when one just opens for dinner? It was practically empty when we walked in. She then sat us downstairs IN THE CORNER by the exit side door/staffs' cubby hole when the entire downstairs was empty. No one puts me in the corner. No one. I did not need that kind of treatment. Not going to bother coming back to the place.What can I say about Distrito that has not already been said?  The food is pretty good, the ambiance is "hip," and the staff is mostly polite.
My last experience taught me some very important lessons with respect to lunch:
1) Do not order the tasting menu for lunch.  There are no special items given out, just what is on the lunch menu anyway.  Opt for the Blue Demon lunch special for $15, get what you want, and share with others at the table.  Our tasting items were brought by a runner who seemed higher than a kite and he kind of explained each item.
2) Do not get a pitcher of margaritas.  They are not very strong and you're out $50.
3) Do not get the Chilango Chop.  It's an overpriced mediocre salad.
4) Ceviche is good.  Queso fundido is good.
5) Skip dessert and go around the corner (and down, yes) to Capogiro.
After a $150 lunch for 3 people, I don't expect to go again unless we all agree to ONLY get the Blue Demon special.Definitely come here for the Tuesday deal at the Taqueria (the downstairs area, which has more college student-friendly priced menu): tacos for $2.50 each is well worth it for these tasty Mexican fusion options. My favorites are the plantain-breaded mahi-mahi tacos and the ropa vieja chicken tacos. Also delicious are their nachos and margaritas (which are quite strong). I've tried the house margarita classic and with fresh grapefruit, and both were delicious.I'm not a foodie, but I loved Distrito. The best way to describe the decor is Barbie's Mexican villa. And I mean that in the best way possible. The food was great, especially the guacamole (to die for) and the carnitas tacos. The margaritas were among the best I've ever had. I would recommend the house or grapefruit.
I was there for a company event, but will definitely be going back with friends.My first experience at Distrito taught me one thing, do not get the "Chef's Selection" if you want to really enjoy this restaurant. Having visited Amada and Tinto several times, I wrongly assumed that it would be as superb as in the other Jose Garces' Restaurants. Do not get me wrong the food is good, but your better off ordering what you like from the menu and maybe initially going with someone somewhat familiar with this type of cuisine. I have visited the restaurant after my first experience and would certainly encourage others to enjoy Distrito's atmosphere and food. 
The decor is PINK and unique.  Adding a fun factor to the whole experience, there is a Car that doubles as a table, "Lucha Libre" Masks up the steps an Cafetería-style banners and a large flat screen TV running Televisa or Univisión programming.  Let's not forget the PODS upstairs, my favorite place to sit.  This comfortable wicker furniture that adds some privacy to your table without taking the view of the room away from anyone at your table. 
My favorite Margarita served without comparison is the Cranberry followed by the original recipe and pineapple flavor. Unfortunately on my last visit the Cranberry flavor margarita was not available. Personally the pitchers of Margaritas are mostly ice and not worth the money. Alternative drink suggested Mojito. 
Going down the menu Guacamole y Salsa with crab is must have. The nachos are both very tasty but would probably suggest to try something else unless you are having withdrawal from nachos and feel that you need more. If you are going to try a dish at this restaurant, you must order the Shrimp Ceviche. I would suggest to order one Ceviche per person if not you are going to be wanting to steal your neighbor's shrimp!!! No comments. 
The salads and soups are some of my least favorite items on this menu and would strongly advised not to waste your limited stomach space on roughage or soups. Under Huaraches is almost impossible to go wrong with any of them. The same for the Tacos with the exception that I would not let the opportunity to pass by to try the Hamachi or the Camarones y Chorizo Tacos.  At this point during the meal, depending of what you have ordered and how many of you at the table you should be prepared to start filling abruptly full in approximately ten minutes. The rest of the menu if you still have an appetite should be left to your imagination. All is good. 
For those thinking of dessert, there is only one option: The Churros.
I think all the sudden I am hungry.  Distrito anyone?Distrito has pretty good though pricey food, in a kitschy-trendy atmosphere.  Small plates, so things can really add up if you want a satisfying meal.  I love the ceviche here -- it's fresh, light, and tasty.  I was here once for the grand tasting menu, which was a lot of fun!  Everything was good to great, well-prepared and tasty.  I'd recommend it if money's not an issue, but there's lots of food in Philly that's just as good (or better) and cheaper.Our server, Caroline, is not only beautiful but a wonderful waitress.  The food and ambience is amazing.I must confess to all that care to read.  I have a problem.  I went twice to Distrito last week..... I could not stop thinking about the ILLUSTRIOUS SHRIMP CEVICHE and had to go back, no really they made me go back.  All I can recall about that night is getting in my car with a bunch of friends, and all the sudden there I was again on 40th Street finding a parking and running into Distrito. Did I just have a black out? Later we were sitting upstairs and they brought me the shirmp and some drinks and some more drinks.
Then I found myself sitting at home in my leaving room with the TV on  and my face plastered onto the side of the sofa. I got up found my receipt from Distrito in my pocket and smiled.  Only then I knew that I had not beend dreaming.  Good night!The summary: Food is overpriced but good, drinks are subpar, decor is bizarre but fun, and service is average. I would love to give this place 2.5 stars for overall experience but I think the food does deserve a 3 so I'll round up.
I went in a group of four and we started our night by ordering some drinks at the bar while we waited for our table (reservations in advance definitely necessary.) The bartender waited about 10 minutes to give us menus and the bar wasn't even crowded! Eventually we ordered a pitcher of red sangria which was probably the worst sangria I have ever had. It tasted like a mix of franzia, robitussin, and sugar. Awful.  Luckily the bartender redeemed himself and was nicely mannered about our sending it back.
The decor is a mix of kitsch South Beach Miami, Mexican influence, and retro style dominated by hot pink. Overall it's a fun atmosphere but definitely overstimulating to go too frequently. They have one table by the front that is in a car and some swings upstairs which are cool and unique. This seems like a great spot for a large group celebrating a bachelorette party or something.
We ended up with the margaritas and asked them to go light on the simple syrup due to the awful sangria and even with that they were on the sweet side but solid.
Food was good but when the bill came it seemed like a lot considering we ordered less than the recommended amount which was 2-3 plates per person. 
As a visitor to Philly, this was a cool place to check out but I don't know that I would return unless for a kitsch occasion or to show someone the decor.We went to this place for happy hour.  It must be very different at night.   All in all it was reasonable and delicious.   The guacamole was good, the nachos ignacio were better.  The tecate was cold, and the pineapple margarita was delicious.   
I would not have paid their regular prices for any of their stuff but I'm cheap.
The decor was over the top, but fun.  The bartender seemed like a cool guy and kept us drinking.If you tell the waiter that you like your bloody marys hot, then you better be prepared for some ass burning goodness! the tangy spicyness of the bloody mary will cure any hangover and pairs nicely with the delicious nachos ignacio.  the chilango chop is a great choice for brunch, bringing together both salty and sweet to satisfy that "i don't really know what i feel like eating today" crowd. the breakfast burrito is good, but a little heavy on the scrambled egg, so steer clear if you're still a little woozy from all of those coronas the night before. the guacamole and salsa are perfection, and I would say some of the best I've had in the city. the servcie is fast, but too fast for me...once again, i was hung over and looking to take it slow.  the waiter swooped in, grabbed my plate, and absconded with my last bite of chilango chop, which OF COURSE, was the money bite. another bloody mary and a distrito margarita quelled my displeasure at missing out on that last bite of salty sweet goodness, and I left distrito feeling damn good.Distrito isn't your typical Mexican cuisine - it is part Mexican and part Jose Garces.  Jose Graces adds that little twist to traditional Mexican food which makes it a true culinary adventure.  
I want to start out with the mahi mahi tacos.  Scrumptious!  Perfectly fried mahi mahi with pickled cabbage and a lovely mysterious Jose Garces sauce.  One of my favorite items on the menu.
All of the ceviches are delicate, tender, refreshing.  They come in super small portions though, so be wary that you will probably be fighting over the last bite!
The cocktails are wonderful.  It is east to tell they use fresh fruit in the mix.
Lastly, the tres leches cake is a great dessert.  I grew up in Arizona, so I have tried many tres leches cakes at many family owned Mexican establishments.  You could probably bribe me into throwing an inferior tres leches cake into someones face for it.
The ambiance and service here is great.  Jose Garces trademark really.Meh.
While I actually liked the super kitchey atmosphere, the accompanying margaritas moved beyond kitch and into just plain "cheap" territory: they were far too sweet, and far too skimpy on the booze. I went at happy hour, so perhaps this made a difference? It shouldn't though. My crappy margarita was fairly affordable though! But I would've paid more if it meant that I wasn't drinking a margarita that was all triple sec'd out. Carnitas were a little disappointing, too. Pickled whatever was a little too pickled, tasted not so fresh and overpowered the delicate flavor of the pork. Disappointing.Amazing decor, stupendous margaritas, and super-helpful staff.  Their house-margs are to die for, but I'd steer clear of the sangria - it tasted of melons and the fruit hadn't been in the solution for more than a few minutes.  The hamachi ceviche was so delicious that I could have had several but the chorizo & shrimp tacos were so salty that I could barely stand it.  I'd go back in an instant!I took my niece who attends Penn out for dinner here..Mahi Mahi tacos were tasty and the little bit of radish was a nice touch. She loved her carne tacos..the churros were pretty much what I had expected..only so so..but overall a Fun, bright space worth visiting if you happen to be in University City.My favorite Mexican spot in Philly!
My wife and I went here for the first time with some friends a few weeks ago. It was Dining Days, so the menu was limited. But the place was lively and the food was outstanding. The flavors were bold and complex, the dishes very well thought out, and the execution almost flawless.
Standouts included the mahi mahi tacos, the short rib huarache, and the chilango chop salad.I loved the food AND the atmosphere here! 
Sometimes, when I read reviews of Garces or Starr's restaurants I end up thinking - do you want them to give you their first born? I'm not sure what people expect once you've been on tv? I don't watch cable, so maybe my expectations are not appropriately raised...but I thought the food was certainly above average and I loved the decor. 
It is so bright and like day-glo gone wild in here. The mexican boxing masks are clutch and I love the the servers wear green and white, it is perfect color pairing with the bright pink-dominant setting. 
I did find it upsetting that all of the busboys shirts say, "hecho en mexico." considering that the majority of the busboy-staff appear to be latino. I asked our server what that was about and he said, "oh it's not racist. i was a busboy, it's just what we wear cause it's a mexican restaurant." I dunno I tend to think if your opener has to be, "it's not racist..." you might want to reexamine the practice. That's just me...
Overall I found Distrito to be an excellent dining experience. We ordered a couple of small plates, guacamole (very good), and house margaritas. Everything was really well done - I'm pretty picky about guac and margs and this place did both with excellence. 
I did order dessert based on recommendations from all the yelpers. We got the tres leches cake with guava (i think?) sorbet. It was divine. The sorbet I could have lived without but their tres leches did not disappoint.While I've been to Distrito many times, my recent visit for a birthday celebration was an amazing experience. Five us at the table ordered the Chef Sampling and it was absolutely amazing. Each course brought forth an "oooo and ahhh" and then an "mmmm" upon tasting. 
The sampling is a great way to try new things on the menu as well as dishes you might not be inclined to try--but you should! Trust me, you should.
If you aren't up for the sampling, above all else try the guacamole. The best around!Came here with a friend for happy hour where I had 2 margaritas for $5 each (why were they in plastic cups?! isn't this a 3 dollar sign restaurant?) and we had a taco each and split a platter of veggie nachos. 
So yeah if I had to guess the price based on the portion sizes (see the veggie nachos, of which there couldn't have been more than a dozen) I would've guessed it was it was a slightly upscale Mexican restaurant. If I had to guess the prices based on the happy hour margarita, I would've bet on one dollar sign. Anyway, the food is pretty good, for $3.50 for a taco I'd hope so, and the margaritas were strong. Bartender made conversation but also knew where to draw the line, which is a refined skill that some bartenders don't have. 
All in all, it was solid food for a slightly expensive price considering the amount of food you get. Margaritas were strong yet cheap during happy hour, and they have an impressive selection of tequilas. I'd definitely go back and give it another shot.I have always liked Distrito - the food, drinks, atmosphere (the car inside the restaurant where you can sit and eat!), but our experience yesterday changed it from "like" to LOVE! I went for a late lunch/early dinner with my family and the entire meal couldn't have been more delicious - from the super-fresh guacamole, salsa, and homemade chips to the final morsels of our meals scraped off our plates (I had the steak fajitas which were outstanding!). But, the very best part of our experience was, hands-down, our server, Chris. He was absolutely awesome, and took such good care of us! He answered questions, made the greatest suggestions, remembered and brought us everything we asked for really quickly (and he was serving a lot of tables), and was just an all-around sweet, funny, and personable guy.  So, if you're looking for a cool place to venture out to in University City and you have a hankering for a delicious Mexican meal, along with some of the best sangria (and of course, margaritas) in the area, DO NOT pass Distrito. Go in, grab a drink, order the steak fajitas, and say hi to Chris!I had dinner here on a Sunday night and LOVED the food. Great food, interesting ambiance. Too bad they only have one "car" table. The whole restaurant should be furnished that way!
Heard they have great happy hours--will definitely be back for that!Distrito is a truly unique dining experience. You'll immediately notice the restaurant's colorful, modern décor and glowy lights. The waitstaff is consistently friendly and attentive, but on one occasion was not particularly helpful with recommendations.
Everything here is served in small portions, so you can try a variety of dishes. Unfortunately, the menu tends to be rather limited, and our server told us they didn't have steak nachos once.
Their chips are fresh and crunchy, not as good as Honest Tom's but still solid. The salsa tasted freshly-prepared. Chicken tacos are flavorful, and dare I say complex? Although I was hungry, I found myself taking small bites and savoring each one. The steak tacos are even better. Tender Kobe beef topped with shredded potatoes, they were simply stunning! To this day they are still the best tacos I have ever had. These alone would make Distrito worth the trip.
Duck breast mole, served in thin slices, was tender and delicious as well. Fried plantain was just OK, not sure I'd order that one again.
If you're in for brunch, definitely try the Nachos Ignacio - fried jalapenos and black beans over a bed of chips and crisped(!) cheese. Incredibly greasy, it's sure to cure even the angriest hangover. My steak and eggs were decent as well, if unremarkable. Next time, I'm determined to have those steak nachos.
Dishes to try: steak tacos, duck breast mole, nachos ignacio
Dishes to skip: plantain, steak & eggsThe chicken tacos are amazing! They look small, but are very filling. Do wish I could have had a flour tortillas instead of corn, but still fantasticI was expecting this to be more trendy, along the lines of El Vez, but unfortunately that's not what we got.  We had reservations but still had to wait 20 minutes to be seated.  The vibe was interesting in it's own way, with a trailer park-esque theme.  This would be cool if it were a lower priced menu, but the menu is tapas style so pricey for small portions.  The food was good but nothing I plan to go back for.We were stunned at a lot of things here: crazy fun decor, great menu variety, and how cheap our final tab was. For a group of four, we each spent about $30 before tip, and that was for about 2 plates each (we shared, of course), and a round of drinks. Every dish was great, not to mention beautifully presented. Can't wait to go back to Philly to eat here again!Very good food. Great Mexican cuisine. Tapas style so bring a lot of people to try out a bunch of different items.